 Ebony was nursing her vodka, sipping at it genially. The ice cubes had melted away, dispersing the strength of the alcohol- dulling the bite but not the effect. She was pleasantly warmed by intoxication. Excitement pulsed with her blood, touching every nerve. Any minute now a knock at the door would deliver her into a long-held fantasy. She grinned. Watching women play the role on her computer screen brought her to solo orgasm most nights. Fear and embarrassment had always held her back from seriously considering participating in a real public humiliation. The idea of being at the mercy of a crowd of people overcome by desire for her body was immensely appealing to her, yet a sense of shame had always kept Ebony to her bedroom. Eventually she had mustered the courage to search for service availability in her city. When she found it and contacted Mistress Emelda, she knew she had to do it. 

And so she sat, in her waiting room, the minutes ticking by like honey drips from the pot- thick and slow. Emelda had put her at ease and warmed her libido. She was pre-heated, waiting to be scorched under the fire of a hundred strangers' hands. She pictured scenes she had viewed while wrapped in her blankets, scenes that had added intensity to the vibrator pressed against her clit. She wondered how similar her experience would be. Would she be attractive? Would she orgasm easily, or struggle beneath nervousness? She slid her fingers into the band of the crotch of her panties and smiled when they slid easily over her warm, wet labia. She dipped into her entrance and coated her clit with wetness then circled the firm nub beneath her middle finger. 

A small moan escaped her open mouth and she clutched at her glass with her other hand for fear of dropping it. She increased the pace of her fingering, moving to the flicking motion she knew would call forth her orgasm. Faster and faster she slid her middle finger up and down her clit. A faint plipping sound matched the rhythm of her fingers- she was very wet. She set her drink to the floor and leaned back onto the bed. Her now free hand explored her cleavage, sneaking beneath the satin to pinch at her hardening nipples. Her heart pumped faster, adrenaline and oxytocin unfurling into her blood stream like dye into water. The walls of her vagina pulsed, hungry to be stretched by the penetration of a cock, or a dildo, or anything. A tightness grew in her belly as her moans grew more guttural. Her orgasm was moments away. 

A knock at the door broke her concentration. The sound was an interruption to mind and body, and the slowly rising wave of her orgasm suddenly crashed just short of her body and spread its rolling pleasure out of reach, the small laps of froth a hint at what could have been. Breathless and almost frustrated she sat up. Drawing in a breath she snapped, louder than necessary "Come in!" The door swung open and a woman of about her own age stood in the entrance. 

"They're ready for you now," she said softly. 

"Thank you." Ebony's response was sweet, remorseful of her harsh tone. She stood, giddy with euphoria and trepidation. 

"Are you ready?" The woman remained in the doorway. Ebony wondered. Was she ready? She glanced into the mirror. This is what she wanted. She was ready. Nodding at the woman, Ebony started toward the door. "Your heels?" The woman pointed at the floor in front of the bed. Ebony felt her face smoulder with embarrassment. She hurried over and slid her feet snuggly within the patent leather, then rushed back to the door to follow the other woman out. She was tall and incredibly thin, a praying mantis in lingerie. Hanging from her bony shoulders was a blue mesh shift, a translucent covering that shielded naught of her night sky bra and panties. Ebony wondered what her role was. 

The trip down the hall was fast, the woman in front had the longest legs Ebony had ever seen. They came to a set of doors, tall mahogany wood with large brass handles. They looked heavy. Even through their dense structure, the murmur of chatter and laughter could be heard. The room was undoubtedly full of people waiting for her arrival. Ebony took a deep breath; her hands were trembling, the skin of her chest quivered beneath her pounding heart. The leading woman opened the door on the left and ushered Ebony in. They were concealed by a floor to ceiling curtain of heavy, blood-red velvet. The narrow opening where the two curtains met billowed gently, allowing tiny peeks into the space beyond. Fifty or so people, men and women, milled about, drinking, laughing and talking. Ebony's eyes bulged at the sight. This was suddenly very real. Behind the curtain, they were not alone. The woman led her over to two men who leaned against a leather chase set upon a massive, round cut of shagpile carpet. 

"Guys, this is Ebony." The men looked at her with obvious attraction. A nauseating coldness welled in her diaphragm as the woman winked at her and said "Have fun." 

"Hey Ebony, how you doing?" Ebony turned to the voice, the man to which it belonged was beautiful with short blonde hair, sparkling blue eyes and a cheeky pink smile. Ebony smiled meekly and found she could not speak. The other man gestured for her to approach the chase. It was wide and long and about hip height. Two people could comfortably lounge here. She mentally berated herself for being so fearful. This is what you asked for, Ebony. You've seen it a hundred times. You know the process. You know the rules. This is it. She smiled and consciously tried to calm the rapid pulsing of her heart. 

She climbed onto the chase, her stocking clad knees slid her body easily into the leather embrace. She manoeuvred her frame supine and felt the flesh of her arse grip the material. As she tried to force herself further back a fart-like sound erupted. Oh god! "That was the couch!" She quickly explained. The men laughed, she blushed heavily but laughed along with them. 

"Okay, Ebony we're going to tie you to the couch, can you go over your safe words please?" The blonde man spoke soothingly, his rehearsed composure the result of many of these nights, for sure. 

"Red means stop completely, mercy means ease up and if I can't speak, three head shakes means stop." Her voice manifested bare of the nervousness she felt. The blonde man nodded as he took her left wrist and strapped a leather band to it. Attached to the band was a long chain, he latched the chain to a hook that protruded from the arm of the chase. She looked at her wrists, experimenting with the strength of her restraints. The loss of power sent a flutter into her heart, a burst resonated inside her vagina. 

"You excited?" The blonde man asked as he worked on her right wrist. She nodded. "Yes. A bit nervous, but mostly excited." He finished with her wrists and moved to her feet, strapping on the same sort of bands. The sound of the crowd beyond the curtain quietened suddenly and Ebony's pulse quickened. She recognised Emelda's voice through a PA system addressing the crowd. 

"Welcome, one and all! Please, feel free to touch and fuck our sweet toy. But if she says red you must stop. If she says mercy, back off a bit. If she shakes her head three times, you must stop. Failure to comply with these rules will see you on the street. There is to be no internal exchange of body fluids. Have fun!" The crowd clapped and cheered eagerly. Ebony grinned. The two men, having finished tying her down bid her farewell and exited through a door to the left. Music started to play but Ebony couldn't concentrate enough to decipher the tune. In front of her the curtains began to part, inching open to reveal the group in front of her. Emelda faced the crowd, her back to Ebony. She was still wearing her lingerie, cloaked in a long black satin robe, the sleeves hanging past her hands were trimmed with dangling lace. She was glorious. 

Ebony watched as Emelda turned to face her. She strutted toward her and a handful of people from the crowd followed. Ebony became very aware of her incapacitation as she tried to move a hand to brush a loose curl from her cheek. Emelda stood in front of her and smiled a private smile of warmth. She then swung her torso back to crowd and spoke theatrically. "Shall we tease our little slut-toy?" The small group standing directly in front of her exclaimed in excited agreement. Ebony's breath quickened once more, a surge of guilty pleasure made her lift her backside ever so slightly at the degrading word. Emelda paced a full circle of the chase, letting her fingertips drag along Ebony's exposed skin, before perching herself on the edge. The small group surrounded her, five men and two women. Ebony peered up at them and licked her lips out of necessity. She heard a man whisper "ooh, she wants it". Seeing the people gather around her, waiting to touch and grope and fuck her dissipated her anxiety. She was suddenly concupiscent. 

Ebony watched as Emelda drew a face mask from the pocket of her robe. It was satin, much like those one would wear to sleep. She closed her eyes as the mask was place onto her face. The elastic snapped at the back of her head, a slight pain that aroused her more. With sight forgone, all other senses intensified. Her ears received every minute sound, from the men whispering to the women giggling, to Emelda's directive voice urging the group to begin their fondling. The anticipation of touch set goose bumps erupting across her skin. The smell of Emelda's heady vanilla mingled pleasantly with the subtle scent of perspiration from her audience. Ebony felt her hips raised by a pair of masculine hands and a firm wedge pushed under her backside. Her legs fell open. She was on show. 

The first touch she felt was a fumbling grope of her breasts, one hand then two. The second massaged through the satin eagerly, while the first pulled the covering down to allow access to her flesh. Evidently frustrated, the second hand followed suit and pulled at the corset to reveal her chest entirely. Her nipples hardened at the sensation. Almost immediately after the first caress of her breast, she felt hands at her thighs and waist. One massaged the succulent flesh while the other tore her g-string from her hips. She gasped as the material that had nestled between her arse cheeks was suddenly yanked out and her pussy contracted at the sudden exposure to the cool air. The experience was intense, her body was enveloped with too many sensations to be aware of at once. At one moment she was moaning at the pleasure of having her tits mauled, then she found her focus drawn to the hand firmly sweeping down her torso, then to the fingers tracing the shape of the mound between her legs. 

Nonsense words came from the mouths of all participants, Ebony was too overwhelmed to pay attention. Some spoke loudly about the things they wanted to do to her, other whispered neighbourly about her sexiness. Emelda directed traffic. It took a few seconds to realise that the powerful, sultry voice was directed at her. "Are you enjoying this, my little play thing? Do you want more?" Ebony nodded enthusiastically. A hand came to her pussy gently. "Ooh, yes, you are already so wet." It was Emelda. Ebony thrust up violently, hoping to coerce a finger inside her, but Emelda was aware of her attempt and berated her with a spank on the thigh. "The toy does not decide when she is pleasured!" Emelda rebuked her loudly. Ebony flinched at the slap of pain but revelled in the sweet contrast it provided to the warm pleasure that flowed through her. She simpered. 

The hands at her thighs crept back to her pussy, fingers slipping through the folds of her vulva, pressing upon her hardened clitoris. She moaned and sighed, groaned and cried; each sensation drawing a different vocal response, completely out of her control. She gasped as Emelda rolled her onto her side and started unfastening her corset. "Let's set these beauties free." The satin peeled away from her torso and her breasts bounced into the open. As they were groped and squeezed and pinched and sucked, she felt the phallic shape of firm flesh upon her face. She became aware of a man standing beside her. The man pressed his thumb against her bottom lip and dug into her mouth, using his thumb to leverage it open. He murmured "good girl, keep that mouth open," and used his hand to pull her head closer to his body. 

She could feel the horny heat emanating from his groin, warming her face and her libido. Her body at this point was contorted, her face pulled to the left, her torso rolled to the right and her buttocks still in the supine position, legs strapped down. It was a small discomfort. She felt her face lurch forward just a little more and then the smooth hardness of a cock start to force its way into her mouth. She widened her lips and swallowed, relaxing the back of her throat. He pushed further in and then slipped out. She pulled her lips taught over her teeth to create a safe warm cavity for him to fuck. His cock slipped in and out of her mouth, saliva bubbling from her lips, a guttural moan from his. 

She suddenly became aware of fingers at her pussy again, softly swirling in her sticky sap, gently dipping into the shallows of her entrance. She thrust up in desire, urging the fingers deeper. To her delectation the digits delved further inside, stretching the sensitive and tingling flesh of her vagina, pulling at the elastic nerve endings. Waves of pleasure surmounted her every thought as the owner of those fingers began to slide them in and out. Her orgasm rose quickly, for she had left her suite on the precipice of one only a short time ago. The tightness in her belly drew in every nerve she had, like the ocean sucks in its shore before a tsunami. The pace of the fingering increased and her breathing followed suit. Her moans were muffled by the dick in her mouth, but that did not stop her tormentor from realising her mounting pleasure. Someone pinched at her nipples, a sharp pain bolting across her breasts, feeding her orgasm. The fingers within her became three and deliberately stroked her g-spot. Another hand massaged her clit. The man at her head thrust deeper. Her hips bucked violently as the first wave of her orgasm rose and crashed over her. The wave rolled into her blood stream sending every nerve back to its origin in a hot spray of pleasure. 

Only seconds after her orgasm subsided, the man at her mouth started groaning, he thrust into her tongue with vigour before withdrawing and spurting his hot semen across her décolletage. It was the icing on the cake of her own orgasm. Her face felt cold in the absence of his body heat. A few moments of reprieve allowed Ebony to reposition her body more comfortably, before another man was at her face. He stroked is hardening cock against her cheek, his foreskin moist with precum. She shivered at the wet sensation. The lewd nature of the act stirred her lust exquisitely. Her desire to be fucked was boiling into some sort of sexual mania and as the curling hairs around his pubic area tickled her face she found she had to supress a giggle. How she loved a cock in her mouth! 

Hands were at her pussy again, two, maybe three. The fingers slipping and dipping, swirling through her wetness. She could smell the musk of herself steaming into the air around them. Her labia was throbbing with desire, the succulent flesh quivering with the beginnings of an orgasm. Mistress Emelda's booming voice flooded the room once more, "Who thinks it's time to fuck this sweet toy?" The group answered in cheers and Ebony's diaphragm leapt with excitement. Her legs were spread, open and ready to allow the hips of a man to ease into the space and settle his cock at the entrance of her pussy. Her vagina pulsed with hunger, desperate to be filled and stretched by this strange penis. A desperate moan escaped her mouth, a sound that begged for entrance. Heedless, the man slid his tip through her moist folds, firmly pressing his hardness against her but not inside her. She thrust up and Emelda spanks her thigh. She knew that was coming, but couldn't resist the chance of rushing the penetration. "Naughty girl," Emelda purrs, "Now you'll be teased even more." A pair of hands hook under her knees and force them to bend into her chest. She is so exposed now. 

The man at her face is overcome by his own pleasure and after several enthusiastic thrusts he comes, letting his thick liquid pour onto her chest. Ebony quivers, it's so filthy and degrading and she loves it. Something begins slapping her buttocks, it is flat and cool; it is not a hand. At first it is gentle, but the force begins to increase. It's a paddle, and Emelda is wielding it. The man continues to tease Ebony's pussy with his cock as the paddle draws sharp bursts of pain from her arse. It is delicious and between her legs is a flood, spilling onto the man's shaft. Her body is in a constant state of simmering pleasure, like static on the TV screen. The man starts to groan and Ebony is delighted that his desire will soon overcome his taunting. Her breasts are groped and slapped and licked, her nipples are pinched and rolled between finger tips before being sucked into warm wet mouths. 

The paddle keeps slapping her arse, loudly now. Her body-static gets noisier. Someone puts their mouth on hers and she meets their tongue with hunger. She devours them, breathless. Then, finally the man between her legs thrusts forward, plunging his cock into her. She cries out, the glorious expansion of her vagina sending explosive pulsing through her pussy, an earthquake of pleasure. It simmers and spreads, extending down her thighs and legs, up her belly and abdomen, the fuzzy pleasure almost blinding her. He fucks her hard and she comes hard. He continues fucking her for a few minutes before withdrawing his cock and splashing his semen onto her stomach. He reaches down and spreads it over her skin like butter, and the air makes those places cool. She trembles. 

He has only just stepped away before Ebony is filled again with a different cock. This one is bigger and stretches her even more. A clankering sound tells Ebony that Emelda has dropped the paddle, a dip in the cushion beneath her means she has sat beside her. Ebony feels her hands begin to rub her neck, alternating between light tickles and forced pressure. She pants with excitement. The man is pounding her with abandon and her pussy is squelching with wetness, tiny air pockets forming inside her, popping deliciously with each withdrawal of his cock. Another orgasm starts to build in her belly, the sizzling of a firework before it erupts into beautiful, sparkling colour. She comes with the man on top of her, who quickly pulls out to add his spouting liquid to her belly. She laughs at the obscenity of it all. 

Suddenly, Emelda demands that "everybody get off". For few empty moments, Ebony lay alone. Devoid of sensation, she wriggles in her confines, desperate to see what is happening. Her hearing becomes super-sonic, and the whispers of her audience are like shouts in an empty room. "I want to fuck her next," "Her tits are so pretty," "She's practically dripping," "Let's flip her around", the last voice from Emelda. Ebony feels hands at her wrists and feet and her heart leaps once more- they are freeing her! She feels a mixture of disappointment and excitement as the cuffs are removed and she allows her arms to stretch wide. 

No sooner has she enjoyed the movement when strong arms are pulling her by the ankles to the edge of the settee. The exposed flesh of her arse grips the leather, but he just pulls harder, until she is perched on the edge. He slides two fingers inside her, exploring for a few seconds before moving away. Then someone is at her again, a woman this time, the hair of her new explorer dancing over her thighs, tickling her through the sheer material of her stockings. Ebony moans loudly as the woman lowers her mouth to her pussy and takes a long lick from anus to clitoris. The sensation is divine, the woman's tongue flat and thick and wet. The woman continues to please Ebony with her tongue as the group surrounds her. 
