 This must be some kind of weird dream, I thought to myself. In front of me a row of four men's asses, naked. I am also naked and holding in my hands a paintball gun. And there is a small leak from my pussy, gently travelling down my inner right thigh.

Maybe to start somewhat earlier.

Let's say an hour earlier...

As the second guy, Jon, steps between my legs, sprays of Robert's sperm cooling all over my abdomen, I think to myself that I should try to enjoy it. I'm a married woman now and probably will not have a chance to pull a train soon.

Not that I used to do it often before or intended to do it now. I just made a stupid comment to my friends who started doing paintball seriously a few months ago, something on the line of "I could beat four of you in my panties." You know, being silver medal sharpshooter in my state for six years running.

I considered paintball not an actual sport, and people who did it seriously I always looked at from above.

Well, now I was looking at them from below. I was lying on my back on a wide bench covered with a camouflage tarp behind the shack in the woods where they kept their paintball gear, completely naked, my butt at the edge, legs dangling down, not quite reaching the ground. The guys were also naked as per the terms of our bet: I go in panties and bra, and they go naked, first shot is a win. To the winner goes "whatever you want", showing how proud I am.

I told them in advance what I would want: a weekend with Hugh, my husband since two weeks, somewhere quiet and romantic, all paid up by them. The wedding was expensive and we decided to skip honeymoon until we saved for it, so a nice intimate weekend would be great.

However, it turned out I was having to fulfil my part: to have sex with all of them. And this is what was happening.

Jon was in a steady rhythm, my pussy already lubricated from the stimulation Robert provided. He was nice and gave me some oral before he started, as he knew I liked that. I was dating Robert for a lazy summer two years ago. We got along well, but we wanted different things, so we split up. He wanted to party with his friends, and I wanted a baby. So I married the first guy I met who also said he wanted one. Unfortunately, there was a danger I could now get it from one of them instead of from Hugh, so the only way I agreed to fuck them was if they promised to take it out before they came. And Robert did. Instead of in me, he came on me - all over my boobs and stomach, which he knew was a small fetish of my submissive side. He really was always quite nice.

Jon I didn't know that well, he didn't go to our high school, but he knew how to fuck. Each of his pushes ended with a slight upwards nudge, bringing my clit in firm contact with his pubic bone, grinding just for a second before he pulled back again. I was starting to feel tingly down below, despite - or maybe because of - the humiliation of losing the bet and the dirty feeling of cheating on my husband. The sperm all over my chest was just an icing on the cake - pun intended. I rationalized it wasn't really cheating if I didn't plan it or expected it to happen, wasn't it?

But it did feel good and when Jon pulled out of me and milked his cock to add the dripping deposit directly into my belly button, I felt an additional touch of arousing humiliation as well as a pang of regret. Then Ted stepped up.

Ted I also knew well from high school, but we never got far as I dumped him after just a few dates. He was not obnoxious, but had really bad body hygiene which, coupled with the facts that he was a little overweight (then, now fat), very hairy (hairs sticking out on top of his shirt were always scary, and he started shaving a year before anyone else our age) and sweating a lot (during summer he mostly looked like he just got out of the pool) was really off-putting. And he didn't improve on any of those. However, a deal is a deal. I rolled my eyes a little, which he didn't miss, and raised my heels on the edge of the bench to avoid him stretching me with his bulk. He anyway pressed my knees to the side uncomfortably, lowering his hairy belly on mine. Then, looking me in the eyes and saying "I was waiting for this since forever, princess", he put his penis into my very lubricated pussy and started to gently rock on top of me.

It felt like a thick, coarse brush was rubbing the sperm spent there into my stomach. It felt nauseating as his body odour enveloped me. It felt humiliating as he was the one who shot me, lying fully covered in dry leaves until I went past him and allowed him a clear shot at my ass cheek. It hurt. My ass still stung as part of his weight was pushing on me and pressing it into the bench, and my boobs shot small bolts of pain as he pawed them, pinching the nipples a little too strongly.

But I refused to give him the satisfaction of knowing what he was doing to me. I held to the top of the bench with both of my arms, kept my mouth shut tightly and looked at him with my best icy expression. Or at least the best you can do while your pussy is producing copious amounts of lubricant, showing how aroused you really are. As I was.

Somehow all that humiliation and pain was making it all the more exciting. It was good Ted was a quick finisher and had a small penis, as I would have hated to be brought to orgasm by him. And I was getting perilously close.

At least he managed to cum outside of me, taking it out and pulling it to the side just in time to blast my left foot with his spurts. Poised on the edge of the desk, it got bathed on top, and I could feel his warm sperm slowly dripping between my toes. It was probably sexy to watch, coating my dark red painted toenails, but I couldn't see it from where I was lying.

Ted got off of me and I remember thinking 'Ok, now just one and then I go home, wash and have Hugh fuck me to exhaustion. I will get my orgasm, and will feel better for cheating on him if I give him a truly memorable night. I would do everything he liked. I would do anything he wanted.' or something along those lines.

However, Mark, who was next, reminded me that promising people anything they wanted was what got me into this mess.

He was a medium-built guy who recently moved to the neighbourhood and soon became part of our circle of friends and acquaintances. Having no family, he spent a lot of time with Robert, Jon and Ted who were also single, sometimes dating girls from the city where he worked. I didn't know much about him but I liked his quiet confidence and somehow him being there made me shy for doing this more than the presence of the other guys, whom I have been seeing on the streets and playgrounds for my whole life.

Mark seemed to understand my shame, or at least to keep the same self-control in sex as in his regular behaviour. He took my right foot between his warm hands and brought it upwards to kiss my sole, then laid it gently on his left shoulder as he stepped close. He did the same with my left foot, including the kiss, and I was now able to see how my small, red-tipped toes looked slathered in Ted's sperm. Like I stepped in egg-yolk. Mark didn't seem to mind as he slowly traced my pussy with both of his hands, his fingers on my nether lips gently stroking, then slowly separating my folds. And then his penis touched me. It felt like he rested a warm baseball bat at my vaginal opening and I asked myself is it truly his penis or did he for some reason rise a knee and press it on me. The surprise must have showed on my face as he winked and said "Don't worry, it will go in smoothly." Then he gently held my hips and pushed forward with his. And it went smoothly. I felt myself stretching to width previously unknown and unfelt, slowly and without any pain. His girth was rubbing my lips and the feeling of fullness was so intense that I stopped breathing for a minute, staring with widely open mouth at his abdomen, as it inched closer and closer to the mass of dark curls between my thighs.

He was only mildly hairy, around his nipples, in the middle of his chest and from his bellybutton downwards. And it seemed his journey inwards will never end. He was pushing exquisitely slowly. I was breathing in short gasps as I felt the heat emanating from my vagina take over my whole body. I was shaking from my feet to my abdomen and as his loins neared mine my upper body slowly rose, tummy muscles taut, until my chest pressed on his and my legs, long since slid from his shoulders, hooked around his waist. He was in. Fully. We stayed like that, him completely sheathed in me, for some time. I felt impaled, filled and thoroughly aroused, inching towards orgasm although not moving. My eyes closed, cheek pressed onto Mark's shoulder, I heard the other guys joking about how good a fuck I was and how this was one of the best bets in her life. Then Robert led them away mentioning some new idea... and I was still sitting there on the edge of the bench, the biggest cock in my life gently pulsing deep within me. I felt a light kiss on my cheek and opened my eyes.

"Let's do this?" Mark said, the question mark at the end of the sentence indicating I had a right to say no. I just nodded and hugged him, my hands went under his arms and grabbed his shoulders from behind, then I flexed my muscles and raised myself a little, letting the gravity push me back down. He understood and grabbed my buttocks, raising me up and letting me slide down. We worked together, lifting my body and sliding it down, like we were both jointly masturbating him with my pussy. I buried my face between his neck and shoulder, opening my lips and licking the sweat from his skin. The taste was bitter but exciting. He lowered his face and took my ear in his mouth, exploring it with his tongue and rising goose bumps all over my back. And through it all I kept going up and down on his penis, each trip a little longer, going higher to slide faster, my pussy fully lubricated and stretching easily. I was getting very, very close and seeing sparks in front of my eyes, pulling myself upward as fast and strong as I could, letting me slide down to feel the tip of his dick brush my cervix. At that moment he released my ear to whisper softly "I can't hold it anymore, let me go."

I didn't care. I was humiliated, tired, I fucked four guys and was constantly on the edge of orgasm for the last half hour, I just wanted a release. I redoubled my efforts, effectively jumping up and down on his dick, squeezing and pushing myself up with my knees while pulling with my hands, slamming down on his crotch again and again

"Just. Five. More. Seconds. Just. A. Little. More." I was panting between strokes and then, rising myself high and letting my body slide quickly one last time, I felt my clit, rubbed almost raw on his pubes, send out an electric jolt through my body, I squeezed Mark with my legs and arms as my pussy pulsed around his dick, orgasming like I never did before.

It lasted for a good minute or so, after which I was too week to hold the position and grateful for his arms supporting me.

He laid me down on the bench, my arms and legs now relaxed, saying "Sorry, I just couldn't hold it anymore."

In a daze, I understood what he meant and grabbed my pussy, feeling slimy warmth and, when I brought my hand up, seeing traces of semen on my fingers.

"Well, shit." I said, but somehow the anger was not there. The spectacular orgasm erased all bad feelings and I just felt relaxed and ready to sleep.

Mark stepped away and started putting his clothes on, and I laid back thinking I could use ten minutes to catch my breath, when I heard Robert saying:

"No, don't get dressed just yet Mark. I have a proposal for Jennie."

"What kind of proposal? You had your fun, I did my part of the bet, this is over." I said, rising to a sitting position and seeing the three of them, still naked, approaching from the side of the shed. My pussy still throbbed and although I tried keeping a serious face, I constantly felt my lips spreading in a happy grin. I scowled.

"Yes you did. And, really, I didn't expect you to, so my respect for you keeping your word. But we would like to make you an additional offer to still go to that weekend and also tell the others you won."

"How?" I asked. Would be nice of them to pay for that weekend after what I did for them just now. But I was still wary.

"Well, this is what I propose: we let you shoot us so it seems you won. And we pay for that weekend. However, you also have to do something more for us." he smiled like a salesman giving a pitch.

"And that is?" I knew there was a hitch.

"You have to come here to fuck with us again - once before and once after your trip." he finished.

'One, no two more times? With four of them? No way!' was my first thought, and it must have shown on my face as he added quickly:

"We know you enjoyed it as much as any of us, and we'll make sure you enjoy it again."

That made me think. That last fuck with Mark was, in truth, as good as any in my life. I was still buzzing from the after-effect. But, should I knowingly cheat Hugh? On the other hand, I would really love to go to that weekend with him. And I would also like to keep my honour as a sharpshooter, not to mention that I would otherwise have to explain to everyone what was I forced to do after losing.

That last argument did it. I shrugged and said, to myself, Robert and the other guys:

"Ok, I'll do it." Which they greeted with "Hurrah!" and high-fives.

"But each of you takes a shot in the ass from me and nobody speaks a word of this ever again." I added.

...

So that is how I ended up looking at four male asses in a row, with paintball gun in hand. At 10 meters, this was going to sting.

'Serves them right' I thought, squeezing the trigger and placing a blue splat! on Robert's right cheek, hearing him yelp just as I placed another one on Mark's left one. Then I aimed a little more precisely and was rewarded with a deep painful cry as Ted toppled forward in the grass, clutching between his legs and groaning. I placed another blue ball on Jon's ass cheek as I heard Ted yelling through clenched teeth "Next time you'll get it in the ass!"