 I'd never worked in a private college before. I had my basic teaching qualifications and had assisted before but I did not have a great deal of experience. I had applied on a whim to be a house mistress at the finishing school in Tarbury. The college catered for 18 to 21 year olds.

I'm not sure how I had landed the job, but I had, and now I was waiting to meet my new employer.

I straightened my shoulders, knocked and entered the Headmistress' office door.

"Ah, Julie," Miss Pendrane said. "Welcome. Lovely to see you. I am sure you will fit in here just fine." She rushed through the introduction in the way of some busy people. She was reading through my CV and references. 

"No experience in a residential setting? No matter we will settle you in, I am sure."

"I am placing you in Launcelot house." She said, "They are lovely bunch. They are in their last year here so most will be around 21 years old so shouldn't cause you too much problem." She laughed aloud.

"Don't look so worried, you will be fine. They really need little more than some help if they need it and a little enforcing of the rules if they step out of line. Either of which is easily dealt with by a kindly but firm disposition. Do you think you will be able to cope with that?"

"Er, yes." I said and then "Yes." more confidently.

"Now I see that you are quite young." She looked down at my CV, "Twenty eight, I see. Mmmm," She seemed to think to herself for a while. 

"No, no it should be fine." 

She looked archly at me over her glasses. 

"Just don't let any of them try to seduce you!" Again a laugh. "No really." She added a little more seriously.

"Anyway, go and settle in. We can catch up at dinner. Main hall, 6pm sharp." 

With that I was dismissed. I left and got my case, walking out into the sunshine. I looked around at the extensive manicured grounds. A beautiful setting. I saw the finger post pointing to various houses and saw Launcelot halfway down. I followed the gravel path to a lovely old boarding house and then inside. My apartment was on the ground floor by the main door so I was inside and flopped down onto the couch in moments, it was fantastic. My own apartment on the job. No commuting to work and all meals included. I'd fallen on my feet here.

I unpacked and laid out my work clothes; a crisp white dress, knee length with popper fastening up the front. It looked very clinical and official. I quite liked it. It went well with the slightly sensible black stockings and black shoes. It didn't require anything underneath but underwear so it was very practical. I put it on and immediately felt more in role.

I decided to have a walk around my new domain. I thought I would do a circuit of the building first and walked out of the doors. I followed the path around towards the rear where trees and bushes grew thickly. As I walked around the corner I was greeted by a waft of smoke and two guilty looking students who dropped their stubs to the ground grinding them out with their shoes.

"Sorry miss." They chorused, "Won't happen again miss." 

They bent their heads and began to walk off.

"Hey, what's your names?" I called after them.

They stopped, looked briefly at each other and the first said "Walker," the other "Davids, miss."

I wasn't too sure what should be done yet so I just said "Thank you, that will be all, off with you now."

They looked immensely relieved and jogged away.

I explored the rest of the immediate grounds and then had a bit of a wander within. It was an old building, probably from the late 1880s or similar. There were reading rooms, locker and changing rooms, a common room, wash rooms, a large communal shower room and dormitories stretching away upstairs onto the upper two storeys. Large but small enough to become familiar with time.

At ten minutes to six I walked across to the dining hall and at the top table were the other staff members. Miss Pendrane saw me and waved me towards them.

She sat me next to her and introduced me to those immediately around me. A heavily bearded man in his fifties was Mr Stevens, Geography. A lady opposite, thin and pinched looking was Mrs Brine, English, and a younger woman in a neat suit was Miss Peacock, French. They appeared to have their job roles as part of their names as far as she was concerned. I wondered if I would be Miss Armstrong, House mistress, in her future introductions.

"So," said Mr Stevens, "Settling in?"

"Oh yes." I replied "It's lovely here. I have had a bit of a tour." I smiled. "I caught a couple of the rascals having a sly smoke behind the house." I added with a slight chuckle.

He sucked in his breath and looked sharply at Miss Pendrane.

"Who were they?" She asked very seriously.

"Well, they said they were Walker and Davids. They seemed very relieved to be sent on their way." I laughed at the memory of their guilty faces.

"No." said Miss Pendrane looking very stern. "We have strict rules here. It is one of the reasons students attend here, because we have those rules and we enforce them regardless of the ages of the perpetrators. If we allow offences to go unpunished it would undermine the very essence of the college, and if the parents got to hear of it we could start to lose students. Well this is sooner than expected but you will have to administer punishment. Can't be helped I suppose. Call them in to see you this evening. No point stretching these things out." With that she dismissed the discussion.

Food was then served by the kitchen staff.

I leaned in to Miss Peacock and quietly asked "What is this punishment that i'm meant to do?"

"Oh, you can use the cane I suppose." She said "but that might be a bit severe for smoking. I'd just go for spanking. It's easier and you can adjust it to whomever you are dealing with."

"Really?" I asked, surprised. "but they're both 21! ."

"Doesn't matter. As she said," She nodded towards Miss Pendrane, "punishment applies to all, no matter their age."

"So how many?" I stammered "Er, how long do you, you know?"

"Ah." she replied with understanding. "Generally a minimum of 20 but there is no upper limit. Really until they appear to have been punished. Some might be twenty but it could be a hundred. Everyone's different."

She leaned in close. "Walker and Davids. Good looking lads. You lucky girl." 

She smiled saucily behind her hand "Hey, It's not all bad here. You've got to enjoy your job!" She giggled quietly. I stared at her. "We're only human" she said in response. 

I was shocked. I really hadn't expected this.

Mrs Brine said "Just be totally confident, be in charge. You may not feel it but don't let it show."

I ate my meal in a meditative mood making poor small talk. I don't even recall what was served.

At 8pm, back at the house, I asked the porter to send for the two of them.

A knock sounded on my office door a short while later and Walker and Davids stood there.

"Well," I said "My first day here and I am instructed that what you have done is looked on very poorly here, and that punishment must be given"

They looked down but mumbled a "Yes miss." in reply.

"I do not intend to punish you together so Davids you can wait outside." I had put on my most authoritative voice, hoping it masked my nerves.

He left and closed the door behind him.

I was left with Walker. I looked at him. He was a good looking lad, almost 6 feet tall and with a nice physique. I caught my reflection in the mirror. I looked very sensible and serious in my white dress, blonde hair tied back quite severely. The dress was well cut and showed off my breasts well. Not too large but shapely. Below was a nicely slim waist and a flare to the hips without being over wide. I snapped my attention back.

"Now Walker, I am instructed that this punishment should be in the form of a spanking." I quite liked that I had made it sound official.

"How is this normally done?" I asked him.

"Er, you need to sit miss." He said a little hesitantly.

I sat on the chair and suppressed my utter surprise when he walked up to me, undid his trousers, letting them fall, and bent forward, laying over my knees. 

I was actually shocked. Not only his trousers but also his pants lay around his ankles. In my lap was a very nice firm looking backside presented for me to smack.

I could feel the warmth of his legs on my thighs as my dress rode up slightly when I sat and his skin was against my stockings. I tried not to think of the fact that his naked cock and balls were squashed into my thighs, but I could feel them nonetheless.

"Ok." I said with as much confidence as I could. "Let's begin."

I resisted the urge to touch and stroke, instead raising my hand and bringing it down sharply. There was a sharp crack and he jumped slightly. I raised my hand and I could see the slight red mark of my hand on his skin. Again I raised my hand and brought it down. His buttocks jiggled slightly as I made contact and I thought how nicely they moved. I felt a little tingling in my pussy and realised that this was turning me on. 

"And why not?" I thought. " He's great looking and I am getting to smack his bare buttocks." 

"Concentrate." I chided myself. 

I carried on smacking him and found that I began to change to site of my smacks to cover each buttock fully. I couldn't remember how many times I had smacked him but, other than a reddening and warming of his skin, did he seem to be getting punished? I decided to try a harder approach. I raised my hand high and put as much effort as I could into the next strike.

He yelped and raised his hips slightly. A definite handprint appeared. Well he seemed to have noticed that one. Right then, again. I swung again and another satisfying crack sounded. What I hadn't realised was that now, each time he lifted his hips I was given a swift glimpse of his hairy balls before they were crushed down onto my legs. I was getting more than a tingle in my pussy now and would have to be careful he didn't notice as, with another smack I found myself involuntarily pressing myself hard down onto the chair, trying to relieve some of that tension. I gave him another six before stopping.

"That will do." I said a little hoarsely. "Please send Davids in as you leave."

I hoped I sounded a lot more severe than I felt. I had enjoyed that far too much and wondered if Miss Peacock also got similar enjoyment when she administered a punishment.

A few moments later Davids walked in and closed the door. Seeing me sitting down he walked over. I was prepared this time and tried to act calm and collected.

He also undid his trousers, letting them fall and bent forward over my lap.

Davids was more muscular and had quite defined buttocks. His bottom was what I would normally have described as a peach. I had to steady my slightly ragged breathing so that he would not notice.

As before I could feel his cock and balls bunched between my thighs. The only other time I had felt such was during foreplay, heading towards sex, and I had to dismiss that wayward thought.

I raised my hand and brought it down with almost the same force as I had with Walker. It landed with a satisfying crack and produced a nice reddening. I decided to move around with my smacks to cover his entire buttocks. I had landed three strokes when I paused and almost held my breath. Something hard was sticking into my thighs. He was getting hard, from my ministrations! My own pussy was hot and I hoped, not noticeable to him. I tried to continue so that he wouldn't notice that I had guessed he was hard. He might get very embarrassed, I thought.

I landed the next smack and he raised his hips. I got a glimpse of his balls as he readjusted his position. To my shock he had slid his now rigid cock between my thighs so that I could feel it pointing down towards the seat base whilst leaving a hot line down the insides of both my thighs. I struck him again, affecting not to have noticed and he pushed his cock down between my legs as if he were fucking my thighs. Embarrassed, that was the last thing he was.

"Oh God." I thought, "now what do I do? I'll just have to carry on and get this over with."

I struck him again and he drove forward. My own rebellious pussy was letting me down as I was now hot and feeling very turned on indeed.

As I smacked him again, instead of just driving downwards he shifted his hips sideways and I gasped as I felt his rock hard cock slide down the front of my pussy against my silk panties.

I tried to smack him hard to show him I was still in control but as he drove downwards again, his cock followed the outline of my pussy lips.

I was at a loss. I didn't know how to cope with this. I smacked him again and his cock slid down slipping past my clit and following the valley of my now slightly parted lips.

Although I continued, my smacks were becoming weaker and each time he thrust down my hips bucked against him. I was losing control and was pushing back against each of his sliding thrusts. I also found that some of my smacks had now ended with my hand staying on his skin, feeling the taut and shifting muscles in those smooth buttocks. I rode my rising climax grabbing his balls between his legs and pushing his cock forward onto my pussy

He groaned and I felt the first pulsations and twitchings of his orgasm. I ground myself against him, pushing down on his buttocks to force him against my pussy. He shook and began to shoot what felt like jet after jet onto my heated pussy and wet panties. That sent me over the edge and I gripped his buttocks, digging my nails hard into that lovely firm skin. I rode him as he did the same until, as I came down I realised what I had done.

I froze.

"Right" I said with as much dignity as possible through heavy breaths. 

"That is all. You can leave now."

He stood and pulled up his trousers and headed for the door. Just as he left I could see his face in the mirror and there was a self satisfied sneer on those handsome features.

"Oh no." I thought. 

Later that night in a dormitory towards the back of the house voices were lowered to prevent any unwanted attention.

"She's hot as hell." Davids was saying. "Gagging for it."

"She is great looking." said Walker "Great tits."

Davids continued "She was grinding herself all through the punishment, really getting off on it."

"I reckon we could get her to give us all some."

"How?" the others asked. He beckoned them forward and they smiled as he explained his plan. 

"What was I thinking?" I reflected. "I've blown it here, if this gets out. I'm just going to have to hope nothing else happens, ignoring it is the right thing to do. Carry on as if it never happened, yes that's the way".

The next day I carried out my duties, though most were administrative.

After dinner I returned to type up the rota for restocking during the next week. A knock sounded at the door and, putting all my papers down I answered it. One of the students was there. I tried to think of his name but was unsure whether I had met him before.

"Hello there, what do you need then?" I asked.

"Er, miss." He looked hesitant. "I don't like to snitch but," he looked around to make sure no one else could hear, "I think they're smoking in the showers".

"Who?" I asked

"Er," he replied "Not really sure who."

"Ok, thank you." I told him. "Off you go, I'll deal with it." He ran off down the corridor.

"Right." I thought. "Now they're just taking the piss. I'm going to put a stop to this once and for all."

The communal showers were towards the back of the house on the ground floor. It was an open wet room with around 8 or 10 shower heads around the walls, there were hooks outside on which were lots of towels. It certainly looked like there were a lot of them inside.

As I opened the door to the shower room I could see that it was filled with steam so that only the dim shapes of some naked bodies could be made out within. They were all taller and appeared much bigger than me which made me a little nervous. I stepped inside anyway.

"Right you lot, stop what you are doing right now." I commanded.

I heard a muffled chuckle and then the sound of a catch being thrown. In spite of the heat and dense steam I felt a chill. I turned around and grabbed the handle and pulled it down but the door was now closed and locked. I started to turn back but the collar of my dress was grabbed and pulled hard. Not only did it pull me back into the shower room but the popper fasteners down the front flew apart and the dress was hauled off me. I staggered and then realised that all the showers were now on full. I was soaking and the steam was so thick I could barely see my hand in front of me. I was aware of all those naked shapes around me though, moving in and out of the depths of the room.

"Ok." I said with as much confidence as I could muster, "Enough's enough. Just open the door and we'll say no more about this."

Strong hands grabbed me and several of them held my arms as others took hold of my panties and yanked at them, tearing them from me. My bra was just hiked up and over my breasts and dragged over my arms. I tried to bat them away but it was wet and slick. I realised that I was very alone. No one could hear anything from in here. I was also very aware of all that naked male flesh surrounding me. Someone roughly pushed me down and I was forced to my knees in those pounding streams of warm water. They moved in to circle me and I saw a ring of thighs surrounding me, hard cocks thrust towards my face, then rubbing against my cheeks and in my hair. With the steam and the water falling I couldn't even see their faces. I slid down to sit on my ankles, unable to rise against their hands pushing down on my shoulders. I opened my mouth to demand an end to this treatment but a rigid cock was thrust unceremoniously deep into my mouth. His hands grabbed the back of my head and pulled me onto him, forcing his cock deeper into my mouth. He tasted warm and of soap mingling with an undeniable maleness.

Other hands roamed all over my body roughly squeezing my breasts and pinching my nipples. I squealed in shock and pain against the cock in my mouth but there was no mercy there. The hands descended and pushed against my pussy pulling at the lips and rubbing hard. There must have been two or three different hands trying to feel me at the same time. They pulled at my lips, pulling them apart and I felt first one finger then two different ones being pushed inside me. I bucked against them but there was no let up. There were too many of them. I tried to push them away but rough hands grabbed my arms and forced them behind my back. Something was put round my wrists, a belt perhaps, and pulled tight. Other hands prised at my buttocks which were already splayed by being forced down onto the slippery tiles. I was sitting on my ankles but rather than protecting me this had had the effect of opening me up to their attentions. Fingers slid down between my buttocks and I could feel that they were slick and the smell of male shampoo rose to my nostrils. They pawed at my tiny bottom hole, each trying to claim the right to abuse me. With a swiftness that made me gasp, several different fingers in turn wormed their way up that little entrance and burrowed deep into me before they slid out only to be replaced by others.

Against my own desires my body began to respond. I couldn't stop my arousal building as so many different hands slipped and slid over my skin, burrowing into my holes, tugging at my sensitive lips and even at my clitoris which had begun to grow against all my mental commands not to.

Thighs and hard cocks surrounded my soaking face, pushing and masturbating themselves against my skin. The one buried in my mouth thrust deep into me and spasmed, shooting load after load of hot sperm into me. I gagged slightly as he withdrew. I took a breath but I was instantly grabbed from the side, my head twisted around and another cock pushed between my lips. I tried to keep my mouth closed but I heard laughter and a hand grabbed my nose, closing my airway. I tried to just open my mouth slightly to breath but as I did he thrust inwards and was deep in me. He lasted but seconds and spurted. I tried to spit it away but another cock was waiting as the 2nd pulled out and I was filled again. This one was larger and veiny, I could feel him riding me more slowly than the first two, with purpose. Hands on either side of my head motioning me back and forth onto him. 
