 Purple Passions 

or "Dye Another Day"

In "Purple Daze" we met Bethany, a young law student who asked her friend Stan to help her dye her hair purple. Hilarity and horniness ensued. This story picks up at the end of their long weekend as other surprises still await. If you haven't read the first story, don't worry but I do recommend you check it out and please vote. Thanks. 

*

"Yep, purple is most definitely your color," said Stan as he sat back on the sweaty, well used bed idly twisting the vaguely violet strands of his just waking lover's hair.

"Ummmmm. Hi," responded Bethany through eyes that still refused to completely open. 

"Well, hi yourself, gorgeous."

"Aw, you're... juuuuusht saying that," she yawned deeply, "cause I sucked your cock at two AM."

"Well...yeah, actually. I am. Point?"

"Bump you!" she said as she blindsided him with a purple stained pillow.

"Ow! That wasn't fair! I thought you were still too sleepy to hit that hard."

"Ha, ha, ha! Okay, how about this?" With that she pulled herself up and leapt onto her new lover's naked body, her lips squeezing hard against his own. "Ummmmm, MUH!" She broke the kiss and smiled deeply into his weary eyes. "Wanna fuck?" she purred. "Again?"

Stan smiled back and mumbled the word, "Insatiable."

"Hey, this offer may expire at any time so call now. Hot steamy pussy is waiting to take your call! Ha, ha!" She was definitely wide-awake by that point.

"Sweetie, you know I love you. I mean, let's face it, since we dyed your hair on Thursday night, we've spent two whole days having sex in just about every position we could think of and a few I still can't believe..."

"Hehehe! I knew I'd get some use out of that Cosmo subscription!" she snickered as she rubbed her hands over his hairy legs.

"...but at some point, reality has to set in. I'm gonna need to get home. I really have to go back to work tomorrow, y'know."

"I know," she whined like a disappointed five year old. Then she began her attack. "Hah! I'm surprised you were able to keep up anyway! You and your dumbass purple dick!"

"Hey, now, whose fault is that? You told me you knew what you were doing but it seemed like you were making it up as you went along."

"Watch it, buddy! Hey, at least it's starting to come off the skin finally."

"After...what? Seven showers? Jeez, I'm glad I don't pay your water bill."

"I didn't notice you complaining when you had to scrub my snatch soooooo closely over and over to get the color off, handsome. Hmmmmm?"

"Get the color off, get you off. I got confused, okay? At least the color in your hair's getting more purple than it was."

"So, how about it? One more for the road and then you can go home and change or go bowling or call your buddies and brag about the hot chick you banged all weekend or whatever it is that's so incredibly more important than me." She gave him her patented pout with that one then stuck out her tongue and wiggled it lasciviously.

"Don't take this the wrong way, but how did you get by when you and I were 'just friends' ya little nympho, you?"

This got Bethany to turn introspective. "I don't know. It just never felt as good as it does with you. I guess I could take it or leave it with other guys. With you, since we were already so close, I...I guess I want to really make YOU feel good and the fact that I feel better than ever doing it is just a bonus." Sensing the mood was getting heavier than she liked, Bethany added, "Hey, you know we coulda dyed my hair way back when we worked together if you hadn't always been beating off to Carrie!" 

"I was NOT...well, okay, yeah. I was beating off to Carrie, okay?"

"Hah! I knew it! She always wanted you y'know? She told me before she left town."

"Yeah, right."

Her hand reached up and wrapped itself firmly but tenderly around Stan's discolored but rapidly stiffening organ. Her face moved so close to his that he could feel the warmth of her breath on his cheek. "But now, I've got you." He could see that even after the events of recent days, her eyes still burned with passion. "Fuck me," she whispered in a voice like settling dust. He tilted his head, brushed her colorful hair aside and locked his lips onto her neck. "Oh my God!" she yelped as his fingers entered her now familiar pussy. The clock next to Bethany's bed said 10:41 AM.

It was two in the afternoon when Stan finally returned home to his own neglected apartment, exhausted after his long goodbye but nonetheless whistling a happy tune. Life had suddenly become much more interesting and, after a suitable period of rest, he was going to have to try to put things in perspective. Tossing his keys on the kitchen table, he untucked his shirt and looked to see his Call ID flashing. "Probably work," he thought. He hit the buttons to beep through the numbers. Nine calls since he had left the other night, two from work, three from bill collectors and four from a cell phone number he didn't recognize. He picked up the phone and dialed his voicemail.

"Hi, Stan. Just a reminder you don't have any sick time left so we won't be paying you for Friday. Hope you feel be..." He deleted the call with the click of a button.

"Shit," Stan thought.

"We have an important call for y..." Click!

"Hey, Stan. Heard you were out today. Just check..." He recognized Ernie's voice from work and knew that he'd probably left a twenty minute long message so he clicked it off also.

"Well, hey, stranger! It's me!" came a Southern-accented voice from his past. It was Carrie! Carrie had worked with he and Bethany at the used bookstore in Rayford about a year and a half earlier. She had moved away somewhere. He didn't recall exactly where. North, perhaps. They'd exchanged emails for awhile but he hadn't heard from her in more than a year. "I'm just in town for the weekend visiting my Aunt and thought maybe we could get together for dinner or something. Give me a call." 

"Damn!" he thought loudly in his head. The next message, though, was Carrie again.

"Hey, it's me again. It's Friday evening about...oh...six. Thought I'd try you again. I don't know if you ever realized just how much of a crush I had on you when we worked together. I was always so jealous that you and Bethany were so close. Ah, well. Anyway, guess you're not home. I'll try again tomorrow."

A crush? Carrie really had had a crush on Stan? He had to laugh, especially with the timing. Bethany had, of course, been right. All the time they worked together, he had maintained an unrequited crush on Carrie! Many of the late night conversations he had held on the phone with Bethany were about that! Carrie never seemed to be short of boyfriends. He never thought that she would've really considered him as anything but a friend and it had driven him crazy to the point where poor Bethany got it all poured out to her. Now, here she was admitting her interest and he had finally begun a real relationship with Bethany! The next message started. " It's about seven on Saturday night, can Stanley come out to play? Ha, ha! Hi, it's Carrie again. Are you out of town or what? It's your sexy voice on the answering machine so I know I have the right number. I don't wanna play cards with Aunt Sophie again tonight! Call me and let's meet for drinks or something. Pleeaaaasssee!!!" After a beat she added, "I won't wear a bra!" then laughed and hung up. 

Stan remembered that about the time that call had come through on the previous night, he and Bethany were engaging in a most delicious sixty-nine, his first ever! The next message came on. "Please call the number that follows immediately about your delinquent acc..." Click.

"Hello. It's important that you return this call..." Click. He was pretty sure they wouldn't repossess his car so soon. 

Finally, Carrie's last message began. She sounded as if she'd been crying. "Sniff! Me again. I guess it was just bad timing ...as usual. Maybe you don't want to see me or something. I don't know. I guess I always thought you kind of liked me. I'm sorry I bothered you, okay. Have a nice life. I won't bother you anymore." The line went dead. Stan didn't know what to think. Up until the past few days, he had still been fantasizing about Carrie fairly regularly even after all the time that had passed. 

Slowly he hung up the phone and just stared at it as he felt a headache coming on. The room was silent and his mind went blank. It was at that exact moment that the phone rang with an insistent ring that seemed ten times louder than it should have sounded.

"RIIIIIINNNG!!" Stan's heart skipped a beat and then started beating faster as if to catch up. He grabbed the phone so fast he dropped it.

"Hello! Hello!" he yelled as he fell to his knees to pick it up.

"Uh...Hello?" It WAS her!

"Carrie! Are you okay? I just got your messages and you sounded like..."

"Hey! Hey! Slow down. 'Hi. How are you.' Is a good place to start a conversation."

"Hi! How are you?"

"Fine. How 'bout yourself?"

"Cut it out, asshole! I thought you said you weren't gonna call anymore."

"Oh, that! That was last night around two in the morning. I was half asleep and feeling sorry for myself. You know me. I don't give up that easily."

"Yeah, you only called four times."

"Well the fifth one worked, didn't it? Now calm down, honey. This is my last night in town. Want to get together? I've got a lot of stuff to tell you about."

"Hah! I'll bet I can top it! You won't believe what's happened to me the last few..."

"Hey! Save it. Let's meet for dinner at Monk's Place like we used to. Six o'clock?"

"But..." On top of the headache, now his stomach was starting to feel off. He had just started a sexual relationship with his best friend and now his long lost dream girl wanted to hook up. "Well... Sure. Hey, can I bring something?"

"Like what, sweetie?"

"Like a big purple surprise?," he answered in a monotone voice. 

"Purple? What the hell...? Oh, well. Long as you're paying."

"Deal. See you at six." 

Stan clicked off but immediately hit Bethany's button. It rang three times before she answered with, "I told you never to call me here! My boyfriend might find out!"

"Cut it out, BC! You are not gonna believe who I just got off the phone with!"

Thus it was that as the hands of Bethany's Invader Zim watch ticked onto six, the happy couple stepped into the casual dining atmosphere of their old hangout, Monk's Place. "Jeez, I can't even believe this. I hope she doesn't mind you bringing me along. I mean, she's just expecting you after all."

"Hey, we're an item now. Besides, who's even gonna see me when there's a girl with purple hair in the room. You don't do that kind of thing unless you want to get noticed, y'know!"

"Dumbass!" said Bethany, reveling in her new pet name for Stan.

Inside, the hostess greeted them with a nonchalant smile and asked, "Two?" as she had done a hundred times already that day.

"Actually," said Stan, "We're supposed to be meeting a young..."

"Right this way, please," she interrupted as she stared at Bethany's hair.

"What the fuck was that all about?" Bethany whispered to Stan as they were led toward a back table. "That was almost rude! Get the manager. I wanna chew her a new one!" At that point, however, they rounded the corner of the aisle and all became apparent. For the first time in more than a year, they caught sight of Carrie sitting in a lonely corner booth...with bouncy, bright bubblegum pink hair! "Ohmigod!" yelled Bethany so loudly that all of the other diners nearby turned to look at her.

Carrie reciprocated with an equally loud squeal as she rose and rushed into Bethany's arms hugging and bouncing up and down as if they were on a trampoline. "I tried to call you!" 

"I moved!" Bethany stated loudly.

For his part, the somewhat conservatively attired Stan just stood back and marveled as his colorfully coifed pals invited everyone's stares. Finally Carrie noticed Stan and stepped away from Bethany and towards him. 

"Hello, you," he said, nervous but genuinely pleased to see her again.

"Wow," she responded rather calmly as she sized him up. "I like the beard. That's new." She then rubbed his rather prominent bald spot vigorously. "Also new!" she laughed as he grabbed her and hugged her tight.

Bethany jumped in with "I can't believe it!" as they all sat down at the booth and just smiled at each other letting the warm memory of other days wash over them. "What's with the hair?" she asked with a grand hand gesture.

"Look who's talkin'!" drawled Carrie giving her the gesture right back. 

"Well, I quit my job the other day."

"Oh, of course. That explains everything."

"And you?"

"Oh, bad break-up. Baaaad break-up!" she said shaking her pink head from side to side.

"I see. I'm sorry," said Bethany.

"Hey, I'm dealin'," she reassured.

Stan watched the exchange in awe. "What is it, then? You guys have some kind of stressful situation and you just have to go dye your hair? Is that some kinda girl thing or what?"

In unison, both ladies glared at him and answered, "Yes!" Stan sunk down in his seat and they both laughed. Bethany poked him in the ribs and Carrie kicked his leg under the table.

"Ow! No fair ganging up on me...at least not when we're all dressed." Carrie had been taking a sip of water at that moment and nearly choked on it. "Sorry," Stan offered sheepishly. She waved her hand up as she cleared her throat and caught her breath. She was blushing a bright pink shade that matched her hair. Before anything else could be said the waitress arrived and took their orders. 

The next hour flew by as Stan and Bethany talked about their jobs and their various adventures together. They were building up to telling her about being a couple now. Carrie filled them in on moving back in with her parents, being out of work for months, going through a series of bad relationships and ultimately being too embarrassed by it all to keep in contact with them.

"You stupid bitch," Bethany said as she grasped the other girl's hands across the table. "After all the nights we were there for each other when you lived here, you were embarrassed because you had a couple bad boyfriends?"

"Uhhh...girlfriends," whispered Carrie as she looked down at her food.

This time it was Stan who spritzed out his drink. "What?!"

"Yeah. He! Guess you guys didn't know I swung both ways, did ya?"

Without letting go of her hands, Bethany consoled her with, "So? Me, too, sometimes."

"Really?" asked Carrie in genuine surprise.

"I agree," said a stunned Stan attracting her attention. "Really?"

"Yeah! Really! Okay?"

Stan flustered, "It's just that...well..."

"Yeah, yeah. You and me got a lot to talk about, dumbass. Now, baby..." she said returning her attention to Carrie, "don't you ever be afraid to talk to me when you need to, okay? I've probably been there."

"I so appreciate it. I've missed you guys so much!" she said tearing up a bit.

"Now, now!" chastised Stan. "None of that! We're all bonding again, see. It should be a happy occasion. So...you have any recent pictures of you...maybe with the other girl? Naked maybe? Hmmmm?"

"OH, MEN!" she said as she kicked him in the leg again. 

"Ow! Will you quit that! I'm getting a bruise."

"Don't worry, dude," said Bethany. "I'll kiss it and make it better later." Everyone laughed but realization finally dawned on Carrie.

"Wait one fucking little minute," she said slowly. "You guys...Are you guys...?"

Bethany grabbed Stan's arm and put her head on his shoulder and a big smile on her face.

"Uhh, yeah," said Stan. "We were trying to work our way up to that."

"How long...?"

"Not quite three days," Bethany offered.

"It all started when I was asleep on Thursday night and this weirdo decided that she just had to dye her hair purple in the middle of the night and needed my help."

"Yep! Next thing ya know, we were both pretty much purple..."

"Along with the cat!" Stan interjected.

"...along with the cat, the tub, the bed, Stan's dick..."

"Hey, now! TMI!" Stan admonished.

"Ha, ha!" laughed Carrie heartily. "I'd love to see that!"

"Really?" asked Bethany with a sudden gleam in her eye. Carrie's eyes caught hers and they locked on as if the two women were having some unspoken psychic communication. After a long moment both of them were grinning wickedly.

"What?" inquired Stan, "Did I miss something?"

"Hmmmm. Why not? After all, wouldn't be my first threesome!"

"What?! BC...?" Stan said somewhat in shock as he turned to Bethany.

"Look, I promise. We'll talk. Jeez! Can't expect to know a girl completely in such a short amount of time y'know. Check, please!" she said loudly to the nearby waitress.

"Sure, hon," the woman responded as she walked over to the table. "Here ya go. Anyone up for dessert?" 

The two girls began giggling and Carrie blushed again. "I think...,"stammered Bethany between laughs, "I think we'll all enjoy dessert back at my place, thanks." The waitress handed her the check and she passed it off to a still relatively clueless Stan.

Stan paid the check while the girls visited the restroom and returned still giggling like teenagers. "Carrie's gonna follow us back to my place. Come on." Outside, they watched as Carrie wiggled off to her car on the other side of the lot.

"Okay," said Stan. "I'm dense. Clue me in."

"You simpleminded loser! You and I are an item now but you always wanted to screw Carrie and to tell you the truth so did I. I remember watching her work in those tight pants. Mmmmm! What an ass!"

"Yeah. That reminds me, exactly when did you become a lesbian?"

"I'm not a lesbian, dammit! I'm bi! I like men. I love men! Every once in awhile, though, I meet a woman that turns me on in that same way and we fuck. As for the threesome thing, we'll get into that later. Right now, let's enjoy ours."

"Okay, okay, but you can't tell me you guys just arranged for us to have a threesome in there in just a few minutes. I mean...it doesn't work that way in real life!"

"Sure it does. I was hot for her for ages and so were you. I knew she'd been hot for you and she told me in the restroom that she'd always wanted to see my tits. I mean, she came down here with every intention of finally hooking up with you, stupid!"

"But look, nobody even asked me! I mean, seriously, isn't it cheating now that you and I are together?"

"Of course not! I'm willing to share. It was my idea, remember? Look, she's leaving tomorrow. You want her, I want her and she wants us. It's a simple contract."

"What do you know about contracts? You're not a lawyer yet!"

"Oh, shut the fuck up and enjoy! Two premium pussies in one long weekend. Most guys would kill for this and all you do is kvetch! Oy!"

Stan knew that she was right in that he really had wanted to have sex with Carrie but it didn't make him feel any less guilty about it. "So how does this work? I mean...won't we feel at least a little self-conscious about it?"

"Well it's a totally different dynamic when you've got two women as opposed to two men."

"Okay. Wait a minute! How would you..."

"Oh, shit! I promise, I promise, I promise. We will talk. Soon! This just isn't the right time. Look! There's Carrie. Let's get going. Just let things happen naturally like they did with you and me. Whatever happens is among friends. It's all good. It's all good. You'll see." 

Driving back to Bethany's apartment, all Stan could think about was how rapidly things were changing. In his mind, he knew that this couldn't be right and yet whom was it hurting? All three of them were old friends and all three of them were sexually interested in each other. There was no jealousy. No disrespect. They all wanted this. No one would wake up in the morning wishing it hadn't happened. It would be an experience, a treasured memory. Suddenly, he recognized an unexpected aroma in the car and looked to his right to see Bethany slumped in the passenger seat masturbating unashamedly with her hand sticking down inside her pants. "Oh my lord! Doesn't that twat of yours ever get sore?"
