 Taylor rolled over and her hand lightly smacked Kate across the mouth. Kate flinched awake. She cast a bleary eye about the bedroom before realizing what had happened. She groaned softly as she stretched under the covers. She kissed the back of Taylor's hand and tucked it safely back under the covers. Kate looked Taylor over. The blonde was cute even drooling on her pillow while sleeping off the massive bender from last night.

The blurry memories of the night before began to surface in Kate's head, along with a slow, dull, pounding sensation. They had way too much to drink. Kate had grown up in Europe, moving with her parents as they were posted at various airbases and she had been introduced to alcohol at an early age. In addition to learning several European languages so well that she breezed through U.S. college degrees in said languages' literatures, she had also acquired quite a tolerance to alcohol and could drink most men under the table. Taylor, on the other hand, had been imbibing a steady diet of champagne at each modeling shoot, but had only drunk to excess when she turned twenty-one. Kate remembered how sick Taylor was then, and grimaced when she began recalling just how much Taylor drank last night and just what kinds of drinks they had mixed.

Kate rolled out of bed, gently, so as to not rouse Taylor, and put on a sweater. She padded quietly to the thermostat control and cranked it up to dispel the frost in the apartment. She took a leak and went to the kitchen. She drank three big glasses of water and started feeling better almost immediately. She took a fresh glass and filled it and a pitcher with water. After quietly setting the glassware on the nightstand, she returned to the kitchen and sliced up some peaches on a plate and took a blister of Aspirin tablets from the medicine cabinet.

Kate set the plate and pills on the nightstand, took off the sweater, and slipped back into the bed. The warmth under the covers made her limbs involuntarily shake just as she hugged Taylor. Taylor awoke with a gasp and a start. "You're cold," whined Taylor.

"Sorry," said Kate and kissed Taylor behind the ear. Kate hugged Taylor more tightly and enjoyed the warmth of her girlfriend's tight, young body.

Taylor feebly groaned, but relaxed into Kate's hug. Kate knew the girl's head must be pounding by now. "Evil frost-bitten bitch," mumbled Taylor.

"Are you referring to the warmth of my limbs this morning," inquired Kate in a bemused tone, "or the fact that you were attempting to flirt with me for six months before I realized that's what you were doing?"

"Attempting, my ass," grumbled Taylor, "I was all over you like red on rice."

"True," conceded Kate. Kate rubbed her chin over the back of Taylor's head, letting the blonde's locks tickle her lips and neck. "But you were ouchy feely with everyone else, too. I thought you were a fresh-faced girl from the sticks, new to the big town and the modeling game, taught by her fretting parents to make nice with everybody. How was I supposed to know you had the hots for a girl, let alone me?"

"I didn't type anyone else's translations," said Taylor, before pinching Kate's hand and adding, "you doofus." Kate just laughed and fondly remembered the many afternoons when she would dictate a German book in English and steal glances at Taylor hunched over the laptop, typing away. Kate had been supporting herself through college by working as a translator and part time photo model. Taylor and she had met at the modeling agency that employed them both. Kate had been smitten by Taylor's cute smile from the first time they met, but she had thought the girl naive and innocent, and feared alienating her by making advances. For months, they spent hours together nearly every day and, as they chatted and got to know one another more, they realized they liked each other a lot. They kissed over a bottle of wine and soon became lovers. When Taylor wised up to the rip-off that was the agency apartment and asked Kate if she could move in with her, Kate could barely suppress her excitement.

Taylor's groan brought Kate out of her reverie and she reached for the glass of water. Kate took a big draught and leaned over Taylor, pressing her lips over Taylor's cute little mouth. Taylor opened her lips and let Kate's tongue plunge in. Kate licked the roof of Taylor's mouth and depressed the other girl's tongue. She let a small trickle of water drip down into Taylor's mouth and the girl accepted it. After Taylor swallowed the mouthful, she made a queasy grimace as Kate's tongue was still in her mouth. Kate got up on one elbow and held Taylor's head up. She brought the glass to the blonde's lips and began to slowly pour.

After Taylor downed two full glasses, Kate slipped two pills in the blonde's mouth, shivering slightly as Taylor licked her fingertips. Kate refilled and brought a third glass of water to Taylor's lips, now pursed in a smile, and let her slowly drain it as well. Kate set Taylor's head back down and the blonde stretched her arms above her head, groaning. "Oh, I'm never drinking like that again," she exclaimed with shut eyes and a furrowed brow.

Kate smiled and reached over for a slice of peach. She put the fruit just under Taylor's nose and the smell prompted the hung over girl to open her unfocused eyes. Kate popped the slice in her mouth and gave it a few chews as she regarded the blonde's bleary eyes. Kate leaned down and pressed her lips to Taylor's. Taylor parted her lips and Kate pushed the mushy fruit in her mouth. Taylor moaned appreciatively at the taste and hugged Kate's waist as she slowly chewed and swallowed. Kate proceeded to chew up and feed Taylor peaches, eating some herself, until they were almost all gone.

Taylor looked at the few remaining slices on the plate in disappointment before reaching up and twining her fingers into Kate's long, brown hair and bringing the older girl's face down for a long, lingering kiss. "I'm feeling all better now," whispered Taylor, after breaking their kiss. "As a matter of fact, I think it's time I start making up to you for last night."

"What do you mean," inquired Kate as she rubbed her nose over Taylor's. Sometimes, Taylor's exuberance and youthful curiosity made Kate feel like a dirty old woman, despite being only three years older that the blonde.

"My drunkenness stopped us from celebrating you becoming a published author." Taylor gave Kate a quizzical look before asking, "You didn't really think it acceptable to commemorate you joining the likes of Faulkner and Harper Lee and Gore Vidal with a mere getting drunk?"

Kate laughed dismissively at the mention of great authors. "It's a silly romance novel that they only published because I'm their best translator. I doubt the National Library of Congress will ever," Kate was cut off by Taylor pressing her finger on her lips. Taylor was enamored of Kate's cool, elegant demeanor and she was so proud to see her book on sale yesterday morning. She wanted to yell at the top of her lungs for everyone to admire her gorgeous and suave girlfriend.

"Nonsense," said Taylor sternly, "This is a great accomplishment and must be celebrated adequately. Since my inebriation thwarted my plans last night, they will merely have to be enacted on this day."

Kate smiled and raised her eyebrows. "Those are some fancy words for a photo model," she teased.

"Yeah, well," replied Taylor, "I'm living with a soon-to-be-famous author. Now, lie back, my dear," said Taylor, rolling Kate on her back, "And think of Pulitzer." Kate smiled and then laughed heartily when Taylor began to nibble on the side of her neck.

Taylor's hands roamed freely all over Kate's arms, hitting all of the girl's ticklish spots and sending her into shivers of exhilaration. Kate finally removed her arms from Taylor's and twined her hands in the blonde's hair. Kate and Taylor locked eyes for a passion filled moment, before Kate pulled Taylor's face down and licked her upper lip. Taylor moaned and Kate ran her tongue across the seam of the blonde's mouth, enjoying the taste of her flesh before Taylor opened her lips and sucked Kate's tongue inside. Their tongues wrestled for a long while as the girls ground their whole bodies against one another. 

Out of breath and thoroughly aroused, Taylor pulled her head away and continued to rub her belly across Kate's. She reached over and took a peach slice from the plate and stuck it between her teeth. She leaned down with a smile on her face and Kate pulled her head up to take a bite of the slice. Taylor pulled away, leaving a breathless Kate to let out a growl of warning. Taylor leaned back in and sucked the slice into her mouth before Kate could get at it. Kate reached around and pinched Taylor's buttocks hard in revenge. Taylor squealed with her mouth full before deliberately letting some juice drip out of her mouth. Kate opened her mouth wide and tried to catch the dribble, but succeeded only in assisting Taylor's efforts to spread it all over her face and neck.

Taylor leaned back down and pushed the dried up slice into Kate's waiting mouth, giving her something to chew, while she slithered lower and licked all the juice from Kate's chin and neck. Kate laughed, despite a full mouth, and barely managed to swallow without choking herself. She gasped when Taylor licked along her collarbone, sending shivers down her ribs. Taylor backed away slightly and locked eyes with Kate. Kate's breath hitched when she saw the clarity of lust in Taylor's usually innocent, blue eyes.

Taylor gave a small grin and bent down to run her tongue over Kate's breasts in light, feathery strokes. Kate gasped in arousal and arched her back to press more of her boob against the tickling touch. Taylor continued teasing Kate's breasts despite her girlfriend's motions. Kate was letting out groans of frustration as Taylor avoided her nipple and changed breasts. Kate tried to reach up and press on her own teased nipple, but Taylor swatted her hand away and began to knead the moist breast herself. With one breast kneaded by Taylor's light touch and the other licked in delicious worship, Kate was overwhelmed by lust. She wanted more, yet, at the same time, was willing to let Taylor set the pace of delivery.

Taylor knelt above Kate and kneaded both her breasts, enjoying the sight of Kate's lovely features screwed up in concentration. Kate was letting out small sound of approval, mixed in with an occasional, hissed "Yes". Taylor finally placed her thumbs under Kate's erect nipples and pushed them towards Kate's face. Kate stilled and let out a prolonged squeal of pleasure as Taylor rotated her thumbs around her nipples. When Taylor tapped the nipples, Kate started to gyrate wildly under her. Her pleading groans were music to Taylor's ears.

Taylor gave a small laugh as she noticed Kate was flushed. She threw the covers off of them and let her eyes feast on Kate's flawless flesh. She ran her fingers through her long hair and bent her head down low so her hair was resting on Kate's chest. Taylor used her hair to tickle and caress every flush on the ivory skin of Kate's belly. When Taylor reached Kate's groin, she blew a hot breath over the brunette's mound and Kate gasped and raised her head to observe the proceedings.

Taylor ran her fingers between Kate's thighs and gently spread them. Taylor knelt down lower on the bed and looked Kate in the eye. "You are so beautiful," she said.

Kate growled in frustrated response. Taylor leaned in and touched the tip of her nose against Kate's lower lips, sending her head back down to her pillow. Taylor followed her nose's probing touch with her teasing tongue. Kate gasped as Taylor used her petite fingers to part Kate's lips and reveal the swollen flesh of her flower. Taylor licked at the dew that was collecting there, enjoying the taste. She gently slid her index finger inside and smiled at the wet heat enveloping it. She twisted her finger around and collected more of Kate's juices. Taylor pulled her finger out and set her other hand down next to Kate's shoulder. Kate's eyes opened in confusion, but soon fluttered closed as Taylor slid above her body, letting her breasts, capped with erect nipples, drag over Kate's torso. 

Taylor reached over for a slice of peach before kissing Kate and letting her taste herself. Kate ran her tongue all over Taylor's lips. She enjoyed Taylor's ministrations, and she wanted her girlfriend to feel just how much, so she brought her hands up to keep her girlfriend's face still. She hooked her tongue inside Taylor's lips and used it to trap their upper lips together. Taylor moaned into their kiss and Kate brought her lower teeth to graze on Taylor's captive lip. Taylor enjoyed the kiss, but she had other plans, so she slipped her wet index finger in between their chins. Kate felt her own scent anew and released Taylor's face to clutch at her hand and suck the finger into her own mouth.

Taylor slid back down between Kate's spread thighs, even as Kate worshipped her finger, sucking on it as if it was a cock. Kate's agile tongue was tickling and Taylor giggled before she poised the peach slice at the entrance of Kate's vagina. Kate kept moaning and sucking on Taylor's finger, cleaning it of her own juices. Taylor pressed the soft slice against Kate's pussy lips and Kate stiffened. "Wha-ohohoh," exclaimed Kate as the soft slice slid inside her. Her pussy reflexively tightened around the fruit and a mixture of juices dribbled out of her onto Taylor's waiting tongue.

Kate realized what had happened and exclaimed, "You're going to give me a yeast infection or something!"

Kate's concerns slid to the back burner as Taylor pressed her lips against hers and sucked hard. Taylor ran her quick tongue inside Kate's pussy and assisted the egress of the peach slice. Taylor took it in her mouth and sucked all the juices before straightening up and chewing it with an open mouth. Kate looked at her in bemusement as she moaned appreciatively at the taste. "Delicious," added Taylor, before swallowing and diving back down.

Taylor's tongue probed inside Kate's pussy with vigor. She enjoyed the taste and textures found there, and Kate's high-pitched gasps were heavenly to her ears. Kate let go of Taylor's hand and put her hands on the blonde's head and pressed her face to her pussy. Taylor accepted the direction gladly and licked away at Kate's clit like a woman possessed. Kate was babbling incoherently and Taylor knew she had her where she wanted her. She slid a finger into Kate and bent it in time with her licks. When Taylor added a second finger inside Kate's pussy, she began to buck wildly under her. Taylor knew Kate was maddeningly close to orgasm. Taylor sucked Kate's clit into her mouth and circled it with her tongue. 

Kate could endure the assault on her senses no more. She came in waves of heat that spread from her pussy all over her body. Flashes of light were playing on her tightly shut eyelids. Every inch of Kate's skin was super sensitive in the wake of the orgasm. When Kate came back down from her orgasmic high, she realized Taylor was licking the insides of her thighs clean. The blonde's slick tongue felt like rough cloth to Kate.

Before Kate could complain, Taylor penetrated her with three of her fingers and began to curl and twist them inside her. Kate could hardly believe the intensity of the sensations those fingers induced. Taylor was looking her in the eyes and Kate lost herself in those deep, blue pools of lust. In hardly any time at all, Kate came again.

When Kate spasms subsided, she opened her eyes and breathlessly pleaded with Taylor for mercy. Taylor's sole response was a wicked grin as she pinned Kate's wrists over Kate's own mound. Taylor flattened Kate's fingers and began to run them up and down her slit, directing them over her clit and into her pussy. Even as Kate tried to regain her breath, Taylor was jilling her. The sensations were maddeningly strong for Kate, but she lacked the energy to resist. Her own fingers were used to jill her off and the humiliation of being puppeted like that, amplified the pleasure for her. She could, at the same time, feel her clit being stroked from above and below, and feel her fingers stroke her pussy, despite zero input from herself.

Kate found the situation very erotic. She opened her eyes and saw Taylor staring at her lustfully. That was the last straw and Kate came for the third time in a row. The spasms were pleasurable, but also almost painful now. Her tired muscles were practically clamping up. Kate's face and chest felt tight and hot after her orgasm. Kate relaxed into a molten, boneless heap. She didn't even have the strength to beg Taylor to stop.

Taylor was gazing adoringly at Kate, as she tried to catch her breath. Kate's warm, hazel eyes closed and it seemed like she would pass out. Taylor daintily licked Kate's groin clean of her juices, taking her time to enjoy their taste. Kate's body shuddered weakly with each stroke of the tongue. By the time Taylor finished, Kate's breathing evened, and Taylor lay down alongside her and pulled up the covers around them.

Taylor rolled Kate on her side and kissed her gently behind the ear. Kate drew a deep breath and let it out slowly as Taylor spooned her. "When I recover some strength," rasped Kate, "it'll be your turn."

"No," said Taylor, flatly. "This is your big day. Now that you've been properly pleasured, your day of pampering is yet to begin. I'll make a nice, proper breakfast and serve it in bed. Then, I'm going to give you a bath. After that, I'm taking you to lunch at a nice restaurant, and we'll spend the whole afternoon at a spa! We'll get our nails and hair done, the works!"

Kate could only hum in dreamy approval.

"And after that," continued Taylor, "We're going out to the club to dance the night away!" Taylor kissed Kate again and rubbed her shoulder. "Hungry yet? Shall I start on breakfast?"

"Mmmm, not just yet," said Kate. "Hold me a little longer." Taylor smiled and snuggled closer.

After a day of decadent indulgence at the spa, the girls arrived home to change before going to the club. Kate was gazing at her wardrobe one minute and her new haircut the next, then back again. The girls decided, on a whim, to pick out the other one's new hairstyle and Kate found herself sporting a bob cut. She was very familiar with it as she wore it for many shoots. It accentuated her hazel eyes and high cheekbones rather nicely. It also framed her delicate jaw line and drew attention to her sensuous lips. The trouble for Kate was that, with her hair and makeup done, she could still combine it with dozens of looks, ranging from business, through casual, to streetwalker. It was hard to pick the right one for a night at the club.

She didn't know exactly what Taylor would wear, but she did have a pretty good idea. Taylor kept up the image of a fresh and innocently, almost inadvertently sexy girl, and all her wardrobe reflected that image. Kate picked out Taylor's new coiffure with that image in mind, but also because she always enjoyed Taylor getting carded and haggling with bouncers whether her ID was legit. Kate smiled. She picked out a flowing, wavy hairstyle for Taylor, with large curls and swept bangs. It made the young beauty with a fresh, round face look like jail bait with a long wait.

"Hey, listen," called Taylor from the spare room which housed her massive wardrobe. "Tonight, we're going to look for a third, to celebrate your great achievement with a threesome!"

Kate briefly considered Taylor's words. Though they considered themselves in a committed relationship, they were both young and still finding out about their sexuality. Neither considered having a third person in their bed cheating so long as they were both present. Tonight would not be their first three way. Still, Kate was thoroughly fucked that morning and was ambivalent about having another long session that night. "You sound awfully certain of our success, like it's a sure thing we'll get someone to come home with us."
