 It was a Monday. I know because I was happy to be bombarded with a barrage of meaningless questions to help me forget another weekend without a tingle. 

For months my sex drive had been on-again off-again, but that last weekend I tried to jump start her. Marcellus was understanding as always but I could tell that we needed to catch up on some physical adventures. We'd been through droughts before but there was always an obvious reason that blocked our love life - kids, health, work. Something we could point to and get beyond. 

But we had gone nearly two months and I hadn't had a single urge to satisfy myself or him. Looking back, the two months before those months were a chore. I had fallen off and didn't realize it until the bike was halfway down the street without me.

I knew he was masturbating behind my back so I wouldn't feel guilty about it because he wasn't masturbating ON me like normal. At least once a week he would corner me like an animal because he caught a glimpse of me getting dressed. He was a horn dog that came every other day whether we were having sex or not. But when I lost interest, he kept it to himself. 

So that Monday I coward behind my desk in my glass office as I watched all of the business around me. I tried to let it drown me. I needed meetings and phone calls and email and analytics to absolve me from whatever I wasn't feeling at home. 

Unfortunately every encounter I had that Monday morning resulted in my imagination sensing that every other employee in the building had spent their weekend fucking somebody - even if it was just themselves. Their smug looks of satisfaction oozed from every syllable they uttered. 

So I shut the door and bit my lip. When I needed a solution to a problem I would press my teeth into my upper lip and focus. Yes, CFO of a fucking $10B company and my go-to strategy is from my kindergarten plan of attack. 

My assistants could see me in my glass office so they held all my calls and pushed back all of my meetings. This wasn't new to them, but they had no idea that the problem I was looking to solve involved my pussy. 

As I prepared a mental checklist of all of my options - drugs, counseling, exercise, strip club, diet, shopping, escort - my personal phone began to vibrate. It was Marcellus and I knew he wanted me to know that everything was okay. It wasn't fucking okay, but he's fucking brilliant. 

Pulling my teeth from my engraved lip, I picked up my phone to read, 'Jennifer, are you there?'

I was confused because he never calls me 'Jennifer' nor asks if I'm 'there', so I sarcastically replied 'Here?'

Almost immediately a response fills my message box with:

'No time to explain. This is Rosa. In 20 min tell Marcellus to meet you in room 2245 at the Royale at 3. Be here by 2:30 and I'll explain. Deleting this text before he realizes his phone is missing.'

'Who is this?' I typed and began to reread the message. But there was no response. On instinct I snapped a photo of my screen as I waited. I began to type again but realized the previous text had disappeared. 

'Royale?' I typed as I reached for my work phone to call Marcellus. 

'Me silly downtown why' buzzed a response. This was Marcellus typing now. 

I began biting my lip. '3 o'clock. Room 2245' I typed and then waited. 

'Super busy with photoshoot but try to break free 4 a minut' he replied.

At that point my top-lip was on lockdown. I began searching for women in fashion named Rosa and Room 2245 at the Royale. 

The rabbit hole was deep but I felt I had less answers three hours later. That, however, was not going to keep me from jumping in my car and heading downtown. 

As the valet took my keys, she asked, "Room number?"

"2245," I responded with a smirk as I headed for the lobby. 

"Wait, Miss!" she shouted to stop me in my tracks. "You must use the service elevator for 2245. To your left."

I smiled my appreciation and changed my trajectory to a black doored elevator just around the corner. My high heels echoed in the hallway with each step. As I began to search for the elevator call button, a loud ding announced the arrival of the elevator as the attendant manually opened the door to release a beautiful couple that dripped of that honeymoon period. They appeared to be in love and looked as though they had just gotten away with something. And as the elevator door began to close I watched them walk seperate ways into the parking lot. I felt my pussy moisten as I announced "2245, please" to the hulking attendant - part bouncer, part butler. 

As the elevator ascended I asked the stately gentleman, "What exactly will I find in 2245?"

He looked me up and down as though I'd asked him what designer and season my outfit was from. "For you, not quite sure," he stated flatly. "Not the usual type."

But before I could ask my obvious follow up question a low buzzing sound indicated our arrival. 

As the doors opened and I stepped out of the elevator, my eyes worked to absorb the massive room shaded in curtains. The details began to disappear as the elevator doors behind me began to close, cutting off most of the light until I could only see the structures. 

This was a giant apartment/loft with furniture loosely placed in no apparent order. I could see a large open kitchen and what appeared to be a bathroom, but it was as open as the kitchen. It was as though this was an enormous house with no walls. 

I could hear two sets of footsteps coming near but could not see where they were coming from. I was nervous but not scared. The footsteps ended and I could overhear a conversation in Spanish. I tried to translate but they weren't heading to the 'bibliotheca' so I gave up. Soon, one set of footsteps headed toward me. 

As her petite but curvy frame came closer I felt relieved as she smiled up at me in heels, jeans and a white T-shirt. It was dark but I could see that she was strikingly beautiful. 

"Jennifer," she said with a Domican accent that was too sexy for words, "I've been waiting 12 years to meet you."

Though I was smiling, my relief had disappeared as I wondered aloud, "12 years?" I'd met most of Marcellus' long term clients but that list was long. I'd forgotten more names than I could recall and I'd long given up on the social circles of his work. Not my thing. But her tone was unusual. 

She pulled my hand to sit on a long burgundy chaise in the center of the room. "I've watched your husband mentor all of my staff - the photographers, the models, the designers - with a care of a good man. A nice man. An honest man. Whenever I needed sound advice, he was there." Then she shook her head with a naughty smile. "Naturally, at some point, I wanted to fuck him."

At that intersection I expected myself to cut to the chase of whether she did or didn't fuck him so I could determine how I would kill them both. Instead my mind wondered how she might have actually fucked him. It was the dark room and her accent. I clearly wasn't thinking straight.

"But he never had any interest in fucking me or any of my talent," she exclaimed as she grabbed my hands. "He simply talked about you and your kids all of the fucking time. I don't think he had any clue that we were even flirting with him."

Yeah, that was Marcellus. Since the first day we met he was mine. All mine. I never worried about him. Ever. I realized as she spoke that the thought of him cheating would not have hurt me as much as it would have shocked me. Sure, most women would be surprised to find out that their man was cheating, but everyone who knew Marcellus knew that he was an open book with no secrets. None.

We were in a winery outside of San Francisco years ago and a few of us stayed out drinking. We were friends with some of the guests but others were complete strangers. At one point I heard several folks howling in laughter at something Marcellus had said. 

"Last Tuesday to a video of you in the shower because you were working late," my friend Preah explained with tears rolling down her eyes. I rightfully assumed two things at that point. First, Marcellus shared the last time he masturbated and he was the only one not drinking. 

Open book. 

"Jennifer, my name is Rosa," this petite woman with oversized curly locs thoughtfully explained as she held my hands in hers. "While my talent has embarrassingly thrown themselves at your husband only to be shunned one by one and sometimes two by two, I have waited for the proper opportunity."

As she spoke I could feel my panties begin to moisten as I watched her accented words drip from her lips. 

"I don't have to tell you that I am not your husband's type," Rosa continued. She was correct from what I could see in the dark. Marcellus was unapologetic about his preference for tall, thin, dark complexion, nerdy, short haired, small tits, big ass, athletic, energetic, funny, intelligent women. I was 9 out of 12, but he always joked that he'd leave me for a 12 out of 12 without blinking. 

But Rosa would have to cut the hair that was resting quietly on her breasts to even reach 4 out 12. 

"So I asked him a question that he couldn't answer," Rosa continued. "I asked him if you, Jennifer, would be interested in a threesome."

Her voice and hands were melting me as she talked about Marcellus. It's not that I found her attractive, but hearing about my husband from her mouth was simply hot as fuck. I should have been at least been mildly offended. But I was actually turned on. I tried to appear calm but my being there was already a sign that I was far from scared off by her words. 

"Now, of course, he laughed it off," she said as she saw that my nipples were listening intently. "So I asked him if you would mind if I simply watched the two of you up close."

I don't think I blinked as awaited his answer during her pause. I could feel myself breathing as my heels began to drop from my feet. 

"And he said what I expected him to say," Rosa softly laughed. "He said that you would probably say yes just because he asked, but he wouldn't feel right putting you in that position."

"So you brought me here to ask me yourself because you think that I would want to do this for him?" I asked as I sharpened my tone. Her cards were on the table after all of her fucking cloak and dagger bullshit. Now that I understood what was going I had surge of power run through me that I hadn't felt in years. And my pussy ached like it hadn't in months. 

"Where is my husband?" I softly demanded. Rosa's grip around my hands loosened as her nervousness replaced mine. She wasn't sure if she was going to yelled at or fucked. 

"He is being held in a meeting until I tell my staff to let him go to his appointment," Rosa explained. "With you."

"Bring him up here, now," I sneered as I wrapped my hands around Rosa's. 

"Get Marcellus, now," she barked aloud, sending a pair of high-heeled footsteps off into the distance. 

"Who else is here?" I asked. 

"No one," Rosa answered. I could sense the fear in her breathing. 

"And you simply want to fuck my husband?" I asked without realizing the words that were coming from my mouth. At some level I just wanted to make sure we all knew that he was mine at the end of the day. Don't fall in love with him or there might be police involved. 

"I am sorry if I have offended you," Rosa said as she stared at my nipples that had not retracted. "You must know that I am not the only one - just as there are plenty of people who would love to fuck you."

As thoughts bounced in my head about who else wanted to fuck Marcellus or me, I was interrupted by a sole set of footsteps and the sound of keys I heard almost every night. 

"JJ? Rosa? What's going on? Why are you two in the dark up here?" Marcellus asked innocently. 

Rosa and I both stood and straightened out our clothes. 

"It is my fault...," Rosa began before I interrupted her. 

"Your colleague Rosa says that you've been a respectful gentleman to her and her staff for 12 years," I explained. "And she has, with the greatest of respect, asked that she repay the favor in a way that I am most comfortable."

Rosa's eyes slowly raised as I set her free. 

"After Rosa removes my panties from beneath my skirt, she will remove your pants so you can join me on the chaise," I decided aloud.

Marcellus wasn't sure what to make of the situation. Frankly, neither did I. 

Slowly kicking off her heels Rosa walked over to me and reached under my skirt. As she bent over Marcellus looked at me with his eyebrows raised to ask if I was okay with this. My eyebrows raised to let him know that I was okay with it but a little nervous.

As Rosa pulled my panties down I could see Marcellus trying not to look at her ass. I'm certain that over 12 years he's noticed her ass before. He might have even fantasized about fucking her. But the way he licked his lips told me that he was ready to fuck her now. He had been such a wonderful, faithful man that I could at least let her watch us fuck. 

My sentimental thoughts of how wonderful he had been through our dry spell were interrupted by the dampness of my panties as they slid down my thighs and calves. As I stepped out my delicates I placed my hands on Rosa's shoulders. I could feel the muscles underneath her cotton t-shirt. She was a gymnast or a yoga instructor I thought to myself. 

As Rosa slowly stood upright I sensed her confidence returning. Presenting her ass to Marcellus was a win, but knowing that my panties were soaking wet was a major key. 

I stepped backward toward the chaise as Rosa turned toward my husband. I wasn't sure how I would take that moment. His eyes were focused on me and I knew he couldn't lose himself in the moment if I wasn't truly enjoying myself. 

That's when Rosa showed how much she understood us both. As she reached down to undue Marcellus belt with her right hand, she raised my wet panties to his face with her left hand. I was somewhat embarrassed but all the way horny. I'd given him that look before when he first asked if he could cum on my face. Not only was I okay with it, I fucking loved it. 

As Rosa's hips shifted back and forth I was overcome with the urge to rub my clit. God help me, she was simply a bottle of sex in that room. Eventually Marcellus' pants began to slide down and Rosa was waiting. His dick was leaving precum on her t-shirt as they both waited for my instructions. I knew his beautiful dick was teasing her and it had been a month since I tasted him, so I said, "Rosa, I would like for you to circles his balls with your tongue and work your way up to his head in your mouth."

With that command I increased the pressure on my clit but moved slow so he couldn't see how much I was enjoying it. She followed orders masterfully as she rested one hand against his chest and leaned under his dick. Her tongue lapped feverishly at his balls as he stared at me with shock - either because we were really doing something crazy or because her tongue was that good. 

Rosa slowly worked her way up his shaft until his balls were safely in her free hand and his dick was in her mouth. She was good, but I knew exactly what he liked. 

"I'm going to need you to get sloppy with his dick, Rosa," I softly commanded. "Let that spit drip down his thighs while you apply long slow strokes."

Without hesitation she began to slurp Marcellus like he was the last man on earth. His eyes rolled in the back of his head because he knew I was playing dirty. I knew how to make him cum instantly and my voice was always the missing ingredient to my blowjobs. I hadn't given him one with this much energy in years. We had settled into a routine of convenience, but Rosa was practically shaking her ass like she was on a stripper pole working for $20's while she vigorously sucked the meat off of his bone. 

My pussy throbbed as I awaited him to fill her mouth with cum. 

But after a thoroughly enjoyable dance, neither one of us was going to cum. 

So I leapt up from my seat and pulled Rosa's shoulders back on to me. Marcellus' dick popped from her mouth and bounced as I watched her spit glisten from his dickhead to his knees. 

I then lifted Rosa's t-shirt over her head and undid her bra. Her breasts made MY nipples hard and I was behind her. I licked my finger tips and drew circles around her nipples as I whispered in her ear, "Heels, jeans, panties. Off. Slowly."

As I continued to caress her extremely bountiful breasts, she teasingly stepped from her heels and pulled down her pants and panties. When she stood back up I could feel my unshaven bush brushing against the small of her back. She reach back for my thighs and pulled me closer. Marcellus looked on in lust. A full head taller than Rosa, I looked at him and licked my lips. He walked closer and I lowered her breast onto his dick. He was never a breast man, but he loved a good handjob. And this had to be the best he'd ever had. 

As I stroked Marcellus' dick with Rosa tits, Rosa began to crawl her fingers up my thighs and into my pussy. My eyes got big as she immediately found my spot. 

I writhed in beautiful agony as Rosa stroked my clit while I waited for Marcellus to come on her chest. We were moving faster now and I started to sweat from the closeness. 

But Marcellus wasn't close to cuming. 

I understood what was happening. Marcellus masturbated to pictures of me. He only wanted to fuck me. He only wanted head from me. He sexually worshipped me. But as horny as I was at that moment, I still wasn't ready for his dick inside of me. So I had to put everything on the line.

"Back of the chaise," I whispered to Rosa as Marcellus stood erect with his dick ready to explode. "All fours, please."

And without hesitation Rosa climbed onto the chaise and presented us with her freshly waxed pussy. I think I drooled as I hoped that I looked that hot when Marcellus was behind me. 

Then I turned my attention to Marcellus who was clearly less ready for the moment than Rosa or I were. I walked behind him and placed my hands on his ass. I slowly walked him towards Rosa and explained, "I don't know why I don't want to fuck you right now. I wish to God I did. I have felt so guilty knowing that it gives you such pleasure to pleasure me. And I know that you feel just as guilty because you don't want to pressure me. And while I understand that you need a release, this, right here, is not that."

We inched closer to the chaise and got on our knees behind Rosa. Marcellus' dick was dripping precum on her ass as she swayed left and right.

"Marcellus, this right here, is me wanting to fuck Rosa the way I liked getting fucked," I said loud enough for Rosa to hear. "This isn't guilt or obligation. This is like me wanting you to cum on my face. I just want to fuck her pussy until we cum all over her ass and I cannot explain why."

And at that moment I reached around and shoved Marcellus' throbbing dick into Rosa's wet, bouncing pussy. My pussy hairs were dripping down his back as I leaned against him. 

Rosa was bucking as though she had lost all control but Marcellus was still reluctant. So I thrust my hips into his as though I were fucking Rosa with his dick. 

And I fucked Rosa hard. 

And she loved it. She began screaming in English and Spanish as she bucked uncontrollably. She was petite but her ass was a weapon. Just as I had cum from her hitting my spot earlier, she was close to exploding herself. 

I knew Marcellus needed one more push to put him over the edge and I knew exactly what we both wanted to hear. 

"I want you to come on her ass this time because next Monday I want to come on her titties and the next week in her mouth," I demanded loud enough for both of them to hear. 

Just as I thrusted my hips one last time, Rosa collapsed onto the chaise as I stroked a fountain of jizz from Marcellus' dick that battered Rosa's sweaty ass cheeks. 
