 Authors note: This story contains several bi-sexual situations which I have written after having heard the details of this event and situation. So if this isn't your cup of tea, I would strongly urge that you not read this particular story. I also want to add that this is a true story as related to me, though I have of course changed the names, locations (if mentioned) so as to protect the identities of those who were involved as told to me in this writing. And though I have written it in the first person as it's easier for me to do, I have done so as it was given to me by the individual who wishes to remain anonymous. I also wish to mention there are sexual situations later on in the story, but it was important to tell the story and how it all came about prior to my going into detail about any of that. So if you're looking simply for a stroke story as well, then again, you won't find that here either. But I do hope you will find this story as interesting to read as it was for me in hearing it, and then in trying to write it and do it justice. -MF


I had known Larry Thompson for years, we had grown up together as kids. Larry and I had even lost our virginity together on the same night to the Jackson twins, though we'd been in separate rooms at the time. We had played football together, though Larry was a starting tight end, where I usually sat the bench. Though I was fast, I was also the smallest member of the team. My role then was returning kickoffs and punt returns, something I was very good at even though I didn't play much of the game.

What I appreciated however was that Larry appreciated that, perhaps more than anyone. And we remained the best of friends even long after we had graduated high school. We had both gone into the service too, Larry into the Army, and I into the Navy, so it was several years before we saw one another again, but when we did, it was just like old times.

Larry married soon after getting out, also pretty much picking up where he'd left off. He married one of his high school sweethearts, to which I was his best man of course. And then a year later, he was mine when I married a woman I had met when I was stationed in San Diego.

And though Larry worked at an auto repair shop, whereas I worked for a local newspaper, we managed to get together as often as we could, including nearly every Sunday morning where we played basketball with a group of guys Larry worked with at the shop.

Like I said, Larry was my best friend and I thought I knew him inside and out. I was soon to find out that I didn't know him nearly as well as I thought I did. And that took a little getting used to after having known him for all these years.

I had gotten to know several of the guys Larry worked with fairly well though I only saw them once a week when we played ball. One of the guys father was a janitor at a local high school, though not the same one Larry and I had gone to. He had given Brian a set of keys in order to let ourselves in and use the gym. And as long as we cleaned up after ourselves, and left everything the way it was before we got there, he allowed us to play a little ball on the court. We'd been doing so for several months now, something I looked forward to, and something my wife Chris encouraged me to keep doing. Another reason why I loved her so much, she supported my friendship with Larry and the guys, not to mention becoming rather fast friends herself with Larry's wife Suzie. 

"Hey Larry, you playing poker with us on Friday?"

We had just finished playing ball and were dressing after showering. Most of the other guys had just left, though Larry and I usually hung around for a bit, sometimes grabbing a cup of coffee together afterwards. Mike was a new guy that had just joined us, he'd only been working at the shop where Larry did for a little over a month. He was likeable enough I suppose, but there was something about him that I found a little off. Not that he was stranger than anyone else mind you, hell, every one of us was a little strange in our own ways. But there was something about Mike I could never quite put my finger on. And when he addressed Larry in the locker room about the poker game, something I knew nothing about, I thought that pretty strange too. Especially when I saw the look on Larry's face that looked less than pleased about Mike's bringing it up.

"I dunno, maybe," he responded sounding somewhat irritated about it when he did, receiving a shrug of the shoulders from Mike as well as a confused look.

"What's up with that guy anyway?" I asked after he had left, purposely and completely evading the reference to the poker game. Larry knew how much I enjoyed playing poker. But if this was a private game just between the guys he worked with, then I somewhat understood his being uncomfortable by having it brought up since I obviously wasn't invited.

"Well for one, he's Stan's son-in-law, which explains why after he got laid off where he worked, that Stan invited him to come work for him...with us," Larry explained. "And since one of the other guys took another job out of state, Stan hired him on."

"Holy shit! You're kidding me, you mean to tell me he's married to Jaylin?"

I had known Stan for years. Everyone did. He'd started up the auto-parts/repair shop in the small town we all lived in years and years ago. Back then, he worked mainly out of his own home, his own garage. Eventually making enough of a go of it to lease a new building and grow the business. Now he had two additional stores in other small towns just like our own. As for Jaylin, I had once had a crush on her myself. She had been the head cheerleader at school, dated all the jocks or so it seemed, and eventually went off to some beauty college nearer the big city. I never saw her again, though I did hear she had eventually gotten married. Obviously Mike was the guy she had gotten married too.

"Man, that surprises me," I added. "He doesn't seem the type..."

Larry cut me off with one of his less than friendly looks, another oddity as I didn't get those from him very often. "Yeah well, he's the bosses son-in-law, and obviously one of the guys now, so that's that," he said standing in preparation of leaving.

"Want to stop for a cup?" I asked not really wanting us to part on hard feelings, though for the life of me, I couldn't understand what I might have said or done to see Larry's change in demeanor the way that it had.

"Nah, I really need to get home, promised to spend a little more time with Suzie today, which reminds me, she mentioned something about the two of you coming over for dinner tonight anyway."

Once again, I wasn't aware of the invite, but that was to be expected too, no doubt Suzie had just mentioned it in passing, and by now had called my wife setting it all up. By the time I arrived home myself, she'd no doubt inform me that we were going over there for dinner.

"Well alright then, I'm guessing we'll probably see you tonight."

"Probably so," Larry said finally smiling again, and then giving me a quick brief "guy hug", just as we always did whenever we'd said good-bye to one another. Something else we'd been doing even when it probably wasn't a cool thing to do as kids. But he had continued to do so, even in high school, especially if I had managed to score a touchdown during one of the games.

Sure enough, shortly after arriving home, Chris informed me we were going over there for dinner. I smiled at that, it meant two things, no doubt a great meal with good friends, but it also meant Larry and I would get to watch the afternoon football game together on TV.

We'd enjoyed the game as well as the meal, and now sat together at the kitchen table enjoying a cup of coffee along with the dessert Chris had made and brought along with us.

"By the way, Pete called, he said they're switching locations for the poker game next Friday, it's going to be at his place now instead of Brian's."

Once again I saw a brief look of surprised irritation cross Larry's face, which then turned to one of near panic as Chris spoke up completely unaware of the change which I saw in him as he sat there. But in addition to that, I also saw the same look on Suzie's face when my wife spoke.

"Poker? Damn, Steve's been dying to find a group of guys to play poker with, why haven't you invited him?"

Like I said, I loved Chris, but sometimes she had a way of speaking her mind before thinking about the reasons why she might not have. Though in her defense, at the time, it seemed like a totally innocent question.

"Ah well, um...it's not really my place to invite him," Larry stammered, his face suddenly growing beet red. He was obviously uncomfortable for whatever reason, though it was his wife who suddenly came to his defense, and rightly so as she'd been the one to bring it up in the first place.

"Larry just started playing a few weeks ago himself," she informed us. "The guys he works with have been doing so for a long time. The only reason Larry got invited was because one of the other guys quit coming when he took another job elsewhere, which is also why Mikey came to work for Stan."

"Mikey?" I thought to myself. That was a strange way for Suzie to address him, though she continued on without elaborating about the way she had spoken his name.

"So not that Steve wouldn't be welcome I'm sure, it's just that Larry just got invited to start playing himself." Suzie then turned towards her husband, though I saw a curious look pass briefly between them. "Maybe you could bring it up to the guys that if ever you're short someone, that Steve here might be able to come and play as a substitute," she offered, only then turning towards Chris and I, smiling as she said that.

"Yeah, I'll bring it up," Larry said simply, and then dropped it as quickly as that, which we all did.

Not too surprisingly, we had called it an early night after that, Larry stating something about needing to go to the shop earlier than usual as there was a lot of work waiting for him. On the drive home, Chris and I both mentioned and discussed how odd the last part of the evening had gone.

"Who's Mikey anyway?" she had asked me. And I then explained to her just who "Mike" was, though we had both found it odd having heard Suzie address him in that way. I then told her about the weird little conversation earlier that morning in the locker room after the game, and how I had thought there was something peculiarly odd about him, and even more so as he happened to be the one who had eventually married Jaylin.

Chris sat silently after that for a time mulling things over in her head. I knew she was, because she tended to chew on her fingernails whenever she did that, and I knew better than to interrupt her whenever she did.

"Suzie and I are having lunch on Wednesday, I'll see if I can find out more about this Mikey guy," she stated. "And why someone would be married to a girl like Jaylin according to the way you described her to me and told me who she was."

Which I had done, even going so far as to admit to her that I too at one time had had a crush on her during high school, but that she had never even given me a second thought, though she had in fact hooked up with Larry briefly. Just long enough according to Larry for the two of them to actually end up in bed together, though it ended shortly after that.

"Well, there's something weird going on there, has to be," I told my wife. "I've known Larry all my life, and I know when there's something going on that he's keeping from me, though I can't for the life of me figure out what it might be, or why he is. Just be careful when you talk to Suzie. I know the two of you have become pretty good friends and all, but I also saw the same look pass between them, so she's in on whatever it is, unless I'm completely mistaken here."

#

I arrived home Wednesday night, anxious to learn how lunch had gone. Chris was waiting for me when I came in with a smile on her face.

"Well?"

"Well, I'm not sure I learned a whole lot, but I did learn a couple of things," she told me. "For starters, Larry and Suzie have been spending quite a bit of time with them it seems. They've sort of been doing dinners at one another's places for a while now. And according to Suzie, she did mention that because of that, she can see why Jaylin is attracted to him, and she also called him Mike, not Mikey, not even once while we were there."

"That's it?"

"Pretty much," Chris said seeing the look of disappointment on my face. "Sorry baby, but it was like pulling teeth just to get that much out of her without my sounding overly suspicious about it. I got the impression that she and Larry were trying not to hurt our feelings by actually spending more time with the two of them than they have been with us."

Which made sense in a way, though I thought I knew Larry better than that. If he and Suzie had made knew friends with someone, he wouldn't have hesitated in the past in telling me that, and even more likely, because we were friends, by including us as well if that were at all possible. I then explained that to Chris.

"Maybe that's why," she said guessing. "Maybe because this Jaylin, whoever she really is, never did like you for whatever reason, and still doesn't. But if what you say is true about her and Larry, who knows...maybe she's still carrying a bit of the hots for him, so having him as a friend, she can safely flirt with him a little if that's something she enjoys doing."

Chris's reasoning was as good as any other perhaps, but it still didn't explain the way I'd seen Larry react, nor the way he had purposely tried to keep whatever was going on between them a secret. Something else Larry had never done with me was keep secrets, unless it was between him and me.

"Oh well, guess there isn't much more we can do about it," I said giving into the notion. "They're certainly free to see and have other friends without us, but it's just not like him to do that is all. Maybe he'll say something about it to me in time. I guess all I can do is wait and see if he does and take it from there."

Friday came and went. I knew that Larry was off playing poker with his co-workers, something that normally wouldn't have bugged me before even had I known it. But this time it did. I was anxious then to see how he was around me on Sunday. We had gotten together, played ball with the guys like always, and had a typically good time. Larry seemed pretty much like his old self, and even Mike seemed friendlier towards me during and after the game. The big surprise came when he mentioned something about a barbeque at their place in a few weeks, and that Chris and I were invited. I was surprised at the invitation, and accepted it. But I was even more surprised by the look on Larry's face after I had. After Mike had left I once again suggested we go out for coffee, and was pleased when Larry agreed that we should. As we stepped outside to head towards our cars however, he stopped me.

"Man, we need to talk," he said seriously.

"Ok...here? Or over coffee?" I again questioned.

Larry turned and started heading over towards his truck without answering. I followed as it seemed to me that's what he wanted me to do. When he climbed in, I did the same sitting in the passenger seat next to him. He seemed nervous and more than a little uncomfortable.

"You wanna tell me what the hell's going on?" 

He swallowed and fidgeted. Something a guy Larry's size just didn't do, not unless he was truly nervous about something, which obviously, he was.

"Man, this is weird," he began.

"You can say that again," I stated interrupting him.

He shot me one of his patented looks, informing me as he did so that I was to remain quiet and let him speak, which I did.

"We don't really play poker on Fridays," he started again. "I mean...we do, but we don't."

Now I did interrupt him again, even after receiving the look. I couldn't help myself. "Ah Larry? You wanna run that one by me again? You're not making any sense!"

I had never seen him this nervous before, even scared in a way, and that just wasn't Larry. Not a guy that had even been given a tryout with the Pros, though he hadn't made it. Larry was the kind of guy you wanted walking with you down a dark alley. He finally let out a sigh collecting himself, and I knew then he had found the courage to tell me whatever it was he was going to say.

"Jaylin," he began again, which I wasn't all too surprised to hear, I figured whatever it was, she for sure was part of it, though I was still curious to see how Mike, Mikey, fit in to all of this. "You know her...at least a little bit, and you know how wild she was back in high school. Hell man, even I fucked her!"

"Yeah, I know," I tried teasing him. "Lucky bastard!"

"Well, as wild as she was back then, she's even wilder now," he went on, grabbing my attention. "Like Suzie told you, I got invited to start playing poker with the guys, but not before I was informed as to what actually went on when the guys got together to play. It's not just poker Steve, not by a long shot!"

I was obviously intrigued and settled back in my seat. At least now I didn't think the world was coming to an end, though I had no idea at the moment how things would turn upside down and inside out from the way I had known them.

"Man, I don't want to lose you as a friend," he then said suddenly switching directions on me.

"You won't!" I assured him, though I was now becoming nervous as well as a bit irritated with him the longer this went on with him not getting to the point, or telling me the full story here.

"Yeah well, we'll see about that," he almost spat. "But I might as well start at the beginning."

As he finally spelled it out, I sat in stunned silence, listening to him, disbelief on the one hand, and total shock on the other. I couldn't believe what I was hearing, or what he then told me, which had included some interesting tid-bits about Suzie, another unexpected surprise.

The poker games had indeed started out to be just that, poker games. Long before Larry had ever gotten involved, or even started working for Stan at the shop, the weekly poker night had become for the guys a part of the job, almost a brotherhood or ritual of sorts. One particular night however, the stakes had gotten a little out of hand, as had the free flowing booze. Added to that, Stan's wife Michelle had sat in as one of the guys hadn't shown. No one thought anything more about it, everyone liked Michelle, and like Stan, she spent a great deal of her day working at the shop as well, handling the customers, and maintaining the books. And Michelle was a looker too, Stan was a very lucky man the way everyone saw it. She had nice tits that she enjoyed showing off even at work, and Stan seemed to enjoy the attention she received because of it. But that night, as the stakes went up, and with everyone feeling a bit more tipsy from all the booze they'd consumed, added to the fact that Michelle had been obviously flirting with all the guys half the night, it had come down to a "winner takes all" last hand.

According to what Larry then told me, which he had eventually heard and learned about, one of the guys who was playing was well ahead on chips. Several others had even bought in again, though promising I.O.U's in doing so. Though Stan himself had already gone out, Michelle was still in the game, though far behind the leader in chips. It was then that Stan, with Michelle's approval, bet her as part of the last hand.

"What do you mean? Bet her?" I asked.

"Just what I said," Larry told me. "She bet herself, telling Brian who was the chip leader, that if he won, he could do anything he wanted to with her, or have her do to him."

"You're kidding me? And Stan was ok with that?"

"Hell, the way I heard it, he was hoping she'd loose just so he could see her do it!"
