 As Samantha Watson sped down the motorway she played her music as loud as she could bare it. She tuned everything else out, only glancing in her rear view mirror now and again, never expecting to see anything out of the ordinary. It was with one of these glances that she noticed the red and blue lights flashing behind her and the police car rushing to catch up with her. She pulled over into the hard shoulder, cursing herself for driving too fast. 

Samantha watched the policeman in her side mirror as he got out of his car and walked towards her. She was starting to sweat with nerves; she'd never even had a parking ticket before and now here she was on the side of a road, all alone and waiting for a policeman to arrest her. She would never live the embarrassment of this down.

She hadn't expected the policeman who knocked on her window to be so handsome. It shook her and for some reason she was suddenly a lot more willing to crank her window open and speak to him. Before she could do this, the policeman walked away and stood in front of her car. He nodded his head, giving the signal that she should come out.

The policeman signalled her to walk in front of the car too, and Samantha made her way there, her legs starting to shake. The policeman waited till she was right in front of the car, the headlights shining right through her short, black work skirt, until he spoke to her. "Do you have any idea of what speed you were doing?"

Samantha shook her head. Her whole body was trembling; she had never been so frightened in all her life. She had no idea what was going to happen, but as she looked at the imposing policeman standing in front of her, she had a flash of him bending her over her bonnet and taking her roughly from behind. She blushed from head to toe as this image passed through her mind.

"Are you okay?" the policeman asked her with genuine concern in his voice, as he looked her up and down. He didn't mean for her to be scared but he wasn't sure how to tell her the real reason he had pulled her over. She hadn't been speeding at all, he had just been sitting in his patrol car when she'd driven by and had noticed her straight away. A flash of blonde hair and a wide open mouth, obviously singing along to some song she was enjoying. Because it was such a quiet night and he was completely bored he had decided to go after her, thinking that when he'd pulled her over she would be swayed by his uniform and he could come on to her. 

He had always had a fantasy of pulling some hot girl over on the motorway and having wild sex with her, but he didn't feel like this girl was going to be the one so he decided to tell her the truth and then let her go. "Listen, you weren't really speeding, I just pulled you over 'cos I thought you were cute. I thought if I pulled you over we could, maybe, well..."

Samantha let out a huge sigh of relief that she wasn't in trouble and then immediately felt a giddy thrill shoot right down her body, and uncontrollably her pussy became a little wet. Unprepared for that, she crossed her legs, the action sending little pulses to her clit. Shaking she said," you thought I was cute?"

The policeman nodded, and walked over to her. With a sudden confidence sweeping through him that he had never felt before, he pulled her face to his and kissed her softly but deeply. The scent from her hair was magical and he felt a huge twinge in his cock, the sensation of having a strange girl all to himself on a road in the middle of nowhere, making his cock spring to life. By the end of the kiss he was already semi-erect.

As he pulled away he looked at her face properly for the first time. She really was beautiful. Big blue eyes that looked quite startled now, shone out from her face. She had full pouting lips that had been painted red, but were now smudged because of his passionate kiss. He began to feel slightly overwhelmed by the whole scenario but when Samantha suddenly grabbed his head and began to kiss him roughly he let go of all inhibitions and immersed himself in the kiss.

Each of them became completely lost in the moment, their surroundings ceasing to matter as their horniness grew for each other. A loud voice snapped them back to reality when it barked out; "Steve, what the hell do you think you're doing?"

Standing there was Officer Johnson and he already knew the answer to his question. He knew straight away that Steve must have pulled this girl over because he found her attractive, he had done it before himself, and he had many hot nights of passion on these roadways. When he had seen the police car pulled in off the road, he had hoped that some other police officer was getting lucky with some gorgeous girl and that he would be able to get in on the action, so he had pulled over too.

Looking sheepish, Steve frantically tried to explain what he had done, but Officer Johnson waved him away and walked over to Samantha. The girl was truly beautiful, much more attractive than any girl he had ever picked up by himself. Her eyes seemed to say everything she was feeling. Right now they were conveying a message of fear, mixed with something that looked a lot like animal lust. 

Officer Johnson knew immediately that Samantha was attracted to him. He could tell by the way she blushed as he looked at her, the way she squirmed slightly as he moved closer towards her, trying to hide the fact that her pussy was wet for him. He knew all the signs and he knew how to get what he wanted.

Officer Johnson looked hard at Samantha, he couldn't help but be turned on by the power he had over this girl at this moment. He knew that she must be thinking he was going to arrest her, she was trembling so much he had an urge to hold her and comfort her. This urge wasn't as great as the one he had to spread her legs and shove his hard cock into her waiting pussy. That urge was starting to take over him, his cock was getting so hard for her it was almost painful.

"What's your name?" he asked her, standing very close to her, close enough that he could see her lipstick was smudged. He planned for it to be completely wiped from her lips by the time he was finished. 

Samantha told the policeman her name, trying hard to control her feelings of lust for him. The man was so attractive. She watched him as he walked around her. She got the feeling that he was looking her up and down, and was sure she could make out a rising lump in his trousers. The idea that this gorgeous man could be turned on by her excited her so much. She was no longer scared, just incredibly aroused.

Officer Johnson stood in front of Samantha, moving his body so close to her that he knew she could feel his cock sticking up, he brushed it against her and smiled as he saw her blush.

"Samantha, when was the last time you got fucked till you screamed?" The coarse language sent a wave of heat to Samantha's pussy. She absolutely loved it when a man spoke dirty to her. She loved having a guy inside her, sliding in and out of her and telling her how much he enjoyed fucking her, dirty talk done right could make her cum again and again. 

"A long time." She managed to whisper. That was all he needed to hear, he pulled her close for a kiss, tasting the remains of her lipstick, then roughly spun her around and bent her over the front of her car. Jacking up her skirt, he ripped off her underwear in one almighty tug, and was just about to ram his cock up her, when he remembered that Steve was still standing there. He looked at his colleague, standing not a foot away, looking completely bewildered, and a new idea formed in his mind. 

He bent over Samantha and whispered in her ear, "New plan sweetheart, but don't worry you're still gonna get fucked hard."

He took her by the waist and led her further away from the side of the road, closer to the bushes that ran alongside it. "Get on all fours for me, sweetheart," he said in his gravelly voice. Samantha looked at the muck and dried out leaves that littered the ground but didn't hesitate to do what she was told. She immediately went down on her hands and knees and waited for her next instructions.

Officer Johnson looked at the beautiful sight before him, a gorgeous girl with her ass sticking out, waiting for his big cock to enter her, and his cock grew at least an inch. He was harder than he'd ever been before, and he knew if his plan worked out, he would cum very hard tonight.

"Steve, get over here and put your cock in this girl's mouth. I can tell by those lips she's gonna be a great cocksucker." Steve needed no more encouragement, he was so turned on by the situation that he needed some release, he didn't care if the whole police station wanted to cum and fuck Samantha as long as she made him cum, that was all he cared about.

He walked straight over to Samantha, and released his hard and swollen cock from his zipper. As he looked down at her, he could see her full breasts through her shirt. He wanted badly to slide his cock in between them, but the sight of Samantha's open mouth seemed much more tempting. He slid his cock right in, as far as he could go, until he heard her begin to gag. He withdrew his cock and checked to see was she ok.

Samantha looked up at him and smiled. "You've got a great cock, Officer Steve, but don't try to over feed me with it, give it to me gently."

Steve began to slowly insert his cock into Samantha's warm hole again, this time feeling the pleasure of her tongue swirling around it, and the hotness of her breath on the head, sending little heat waves right down his shaft. He closed his eyes in bliss as Samantha went to work on his cock. She drew it in, inch by inch, paying full attention to every last bit. She could feel him get even harder in her mouth and this resulted in a fresh wave of wetness in her pussy. He really did have a good cock, she thought to herself as she began to suck on him in earnest. She could work on this mouthful for awhile.

Behind her, Officer Johnson was getting ready to plunge his cock into Samantha's now dripping wet pussy. He could see her juice starting to run down her leg, she seemed to be practically cumming just from having Steve's cock in her mouth, he couldn't wait to see what she'd be like after he gave her a hard fucking.

He bent down to his knees and gently slid two fingers into Samantha's pussy. She was so wet, he was tempted to finger fuck her till she came, then immediately after fuck her as hard as he could, giving her another orgasm almost straight away, but instead he removed his fingers and waved them in front of his nose. The sweet smell of pussy never failed to turn him on, and this was the sweetest pussy he had smelled in a long time. He almost didn't want to fuck Samantha now, because he was so turned on he was afraid he might cum straight away.

Using his pussy soaked fingers to lube his cock up, he ran his hand up and down his shaft, giving his balls a quick tug. They were full of cum and he couldn't wait to release it all over this girl's fine ass. He placed his cock just at the opening of Samantha's pussy, and just before he entered her, he gave her a good smack on the ass and growled, "You ready for this?"

Muffling, because her mouth was full of Steve's cock, Samantha nodded, and wiggled her ass, letting Officer Johnson know she was more than ready for what he had to give her. He started by teasing her pussy with his cock head, but as he felt just how wet she was it became too much and he had to slam his cock into her right away, shoving his full eight inches in as far as he could go. He began to fuck her straight away, there was no time for foreplay, her pussy was too good for that. It was the tightest little thing he had ever been lucky enough to fuck. It seemed to milk his cock as he slid it in and out, its tightness holding on to him, he could feel Samantha stretching as he filled her. He could hear her trying to scream but not being able to because she was sucking Steve and Officer Johnson knew that Steve must be getting the best blowjob he ever had.

Steve was getting the best blowjob he'd ever received. He couldn't believe how good Samantha was. She had started off slow, licking the tip, and soaking his cock with her saliva as she engulfed him, but as Officer Johnson began to really pound his cock into her, she was going up and down on him with a speed he didn't think possible, still swirling her tongue round his shaft as he fucked her mouth, feeling his cock go right to the back of her throat. She was also tugging and squeezing his balls as she used that gorgeous mouth in the best way she ever could. He didn't think he was going to last much longer, but for some reason he wanted to cum at the same time as Officer Johnson.

Officer Johnson looked at Steve and could see the guy was dying to cum. Thinking that it would be amazing for Samantha to have two cocks erupt in her at the same time, he began to pump his cock into her fast and hard, reaching underneath her so he could rub her clit. He wanted all three of them to cum at the same time.

Samantha was going to cum very hard, very soon, having a cock in her mouth and a cock in her pussy at the same time was more pleasurable than she'd ever thought possible. She thought the guys were going to cum soon too and she almost lost it thinking about them exploding inside her at the same time.

Suddenly Officer Johnson withdrew his cock from her, leaving her pussy pulsing for more. She was so surprised she stopped sucking Steve's cock. Officer Johnson then lifted Samantha and laid her down on the grass. "Open your shirt," he demanded.

Samantha did what she was told very quickly. She was desperate to cum now, she wanted a cock back inside her, but Officer Johnson had other plans. Looking at Steve, who was standing there, cock in hand, he said to them both, "We're all gonna cum together. Samantha, start rubbing that pussy. Me and Steve are gonna stroke our cocks over you and then we're gonna shower you with our spunk."

Samantha's pussy was aching, and the idea of two men shooting everything they had all over turned her on more than she wanted to admit. She started rubbing her clit, and sliding a finger up and down her pussy, sliding it inside now and then, wishing it was someone's cock. She looked at the two police officers, standing there with half their uniform on, their muscles standing out as they stroked their cocks hard, both of them wanting to cum so badly.

She began to cum as she watched them, both using their two hands to jerk themselves off. She felt the orgasm start in her feet and slowly work its way up to her pussy where it sent her into convulsions. She couldn't help it, she started to scream. "Oh fuck, oh fuck oh fuck!" She screamed it over and over again, her whole body shaking from the force of her orgasm.

The two men couldn't take anymore, seeing Samantha writhe about in the grass as she came the hardest she'd ever cum, set them off, and they both stood over her as they started to cum. They held their cocks over Samantha's exposed breasts, and stroked right over her, finally exploding, and shooting huge amounts of cum all over her, most of it hitting her breasts but some catching her in the face, and some even sliding down her still open mouth. The two officers collapsed to the ground beside Samantha as the last of their cum leaked out of their cocks, and they were finally spent.

After lying breathless for a few minutes, the three of them got up from the ground, looking at themselves, covered in muck and cum, and each feeling deliciously dirty. 

As they all made their way to their separate cars, Steve called out to Samantha, "Hey, hope to catch you speeding again sometime."

Samantha just laughed and got into her car. She was already planning on speeding again as she drove home. If the two guys followed her they could have a lot more fun after another couple of miles.