 Mary sat looking into the large mirror that rose above the antique dressing table and smiled at her image in the glass. She looked stunning with her golden blonde hair flowing down out of the wispy wedding veil, framing her creamy white cheeks in an almost angelic halo. Her silky white wedding dress dipped down in the front revealing her milky cleavage and she felt her breasts rising as her breathing grew short. Her nipples, always sensitive, reacted to her thoughts and rose up creating dimples in the otherwise smooth cloth that barely covered her breasts. She smiled at the sight, enjoying the idea of all of her guests seeing her like this.

It was still two hours before her wedding would start. Two hours and she would become Mrs. Greg Stevens. Her hair was not yet done up into the hairstyle she had chosen and she still had to put her makeup on, but still she was beautiful. Her face glowed with the inner happiness of knowing that a wonderful life was ahead of her. Greg was a kind and gentle man, who took her as she was and didn't wish to change her. He was handsome, successful and very good in bed. Best of all he enjoyed her sluttish nature as much as Mary herself did. Mary smiled at herself and her own thoughts, beaming with delight as she studied herself in the mirror.

"Radiant!" Becky, her long time friend and bridesmaid, said as she looked over Mary's shoulder. "You are radiant."

"Well I'm supposed to be, aren't I? In two hours I'll be Mrs. Stevens. Newly married and headed to Paris for my honeymoon."

"Paris is tomorrow honey. You spend tonight at the Palace Hotel, in the bridal suite."

"Yeah, and what a night it's going to be too!" Mary smiled broadly, showing her perfect white teeth before she turned serious and looked at her friend. "Can you believe I am actually nervous? I thought it was the groom that was supposed to be sweating."

"Maybe you need something to take your mind off of it for a while. Want me to arrange something for you?"

"Ooh, you nasty girl. What did you have in mind?" Mary grinned at her friend.

"Well, let me get rid of your mother first. I'm sure that whatever I can come up with she'll not approve." Mary's mother was the one who had insisted on having the wedding in a church, performed by her minister. Mary's lifestyle really didn't mesh very well with the traditional religious views, but she had given in to her mother, mostly because fighting would be futile anyway.

"That would be a start. She has been driving me crazy today. Where is she now anyway?"

"The caterer arrived and she is down stairs making their life a living hell." Becky laughed. "They will probably kiss me when I send her off on an errand. Now let's see. What do we need that's important enough to require her personal care?"

"Here, " Mary said taking off one of her shoes and twisting the heel roughly finally breaking if from the shoe, "send her down to the bridal shop to get this fixed."

Becky laughed and took the broken shoe. "Perfect, perfect. It'll take them a while to fix it. She won't be back until just before the wedding starts." 

Just then a knock sounded on the door to the dressing room. "Are you decent in there?" A deep baritone voice called through the closed door. Greg's father had the most sensuous voice Mary had ever heard and she felt a tingle start between her legs just from hearing his voice.

"Yes, but you can come in anyway." She called out causing Becky to playfully slap her shoulder as the door opened.

Carl Stevens was a little taller than his son Greg, but had the same rugged good looks and the same large hands. Mary could only imagine that his cock was as big and beautiful as his son's. The thought brought her nipples back to full attention and she smiled as he entered the room.

"Hi Carl, what's up?" Mary said, taking the time to let her eyes drift down over his muscled chest, past his trim waist and onto the bulge in the tuxedo pants that he was wearing.

"Just checking to see if everything is okay." Carl said, smiling at his son's fiance as he noted her checking him out. She was beautiful and if half of what Greg said about her was true, then Carl was looking forward to having her in the family.

Becky held up the shoe. "Actually I was just about to send Linda on an errand. Would you like to stay here and keep Mary company until I get back?"

"Sure, no problem at all." Carl felt his cock twitch inside his pants at the thought of being alone with Mary, even for a few minutes. Nothing had ever happened between them, but the sexual tension had been there for a long time. He shook his head, how could he think that, it was his son's wedding day! And here he was thinking about a quicky with the bride.

Mary noted the twitch in Carl's pants and smiled broadly. She had wanted to have him since the first time Greg had taken her to meet his parents. The opportunity had never arisen, however, but now she thought he might just be the distraction she needed. As Becky slipped out of the room, closing the door behind her, Mary twisted in her chair, pulling her legs out from under the dressing table. Her wedding gown was long in the back, trailing back into a long formal train, but the front was cut short enough to reveal her knees and as she turned she purposefully spread her legs and pulled the dress up just a little hoping to give Carl a flash of panty. Carl saw her turn and saw her skirt ride up but from his standing position he could only see about four inches above her knees. He smiled at her and moved to sit down on a small folding chair in front of her, hoping to improve his view. 

As soon as he sat down Mary caught him off guard by raising one foot and setting it into his lap. "Would you mind rubbing my foot? Those shoes have made it sore." She pouted, pursing her beautiful lips and batting her eyelids slowly. It was corny and Mary was sure that Carl saw right through it, but she didn't care, it got his big firm hands onto her and that was what she wanted.

Carl started massaging her foot gently. He had definitely improved his view by sitting down and now he was able to see just a hint of white between her legs. Mary shifted in her seat, scooting down just a little, pushing her foot farther onto Carl's lap and in the process she managed to spread her legs even wider and push her dress up a little farther. Carl almost choked. He could easily see her panties, even the small mounds made by her pussy lips were clearly visible. He continued stroking her foot, moving his hands up over her firm calf, loving the feel of her skin under his fingers.

Mary groaned a low moan of intense pleasure and leaned back slightly. She felt her pussy heating up and knew that she was getting wet. She hoped that Carl could see her panties, that he would notice the wet spot growing between her legs, maybe even smell the aroma of her sex as her excitement grew. She dropped her eyelids almost shut and watched him as he massaged her. He moved her foot deeper into his lap, letting his hands flow up her leg past her knee and onto her silky thighs before drawing them back down to her ankle. She stretched her foot a little pressing it into the growing bulge in his trousers, feeling his cock with her toes and he groaned in pleasure. Mary smiled and pulled her foot from his lap causing him to look up in alarm suddenly hoping he had not offended her. Maybe he had gotten the wrong signal. But his fears were allayed when she lifted her dress up, showing him her wet panties.

"Now you've done it Carl. Look at that, I've made my panties all wet. Will you help me get them off? I mean I can't wear them like this. I suppose I'll just have to go without."

Carl grinned and immediately knelt in front of her. He let his hands slip up the outside of her creamy thighs to the thin strings that held her panties on. He pulled the wisp of material down slowly, inch by inch. His eyes never left her crotch as he breathed in her intoxicating fragrance. Her sex was in full bloom and as he lowered her panties farther he saw her swollen lips slightly parted below her carefully trimmed blonde pubic hair. Her clit was erect and flushed red with her excitement. As he continued to remove her panties he leaned forward and nuzzled her dripping pussy with his nose and mouth, drinking in her rich aroma, tasting her sweet juices on his lips.

Mary couldn't take anymore so she dropped her dress down over his shoulders and pulled his head into her pussy. "Oh, yes, Carl. Eat me, lick my pussy, make me cum with your mouth. Mmm, I need to cum so bad. Oh yes, yes, fuck me with your tongue." It felt so wicked to be doing this. Letting her fiance's father lick her pussy in a church on her wedding day. Her mind reeled with the sheer eroticism of what she was doing. She felt like such a wonderful slut and she knew that Greg would be pleased when she told him the story. 

Carl swirled his tongue into her pussy, letting it part her lips gently and then lifting it to flick it over her clit then quickly back down to stab into her sweet hole and taste her juices. His cock was fully erect now and uncomfortable inside his pants, but he wasn't about to stop for fear that she would not let him resume. He sucked her clit into his mouth, flicking it with his tongue as he gently bit it and then he released her clit and sucked her engorged pussy lips letting her nectar flow into his mouth. He could tell that she was near orgasm from her breathing and the force her hands were putting on his head, but he didn't let up. Instead he increased his assault, laving her obscenely and smearing her juice all over his face and bringing her to an intense climax that almost caused her legs to buckle.

She had just regained some of her composure when she heard the door to the dressing room open and then shut quietly. She looked up and saw Becky standing by the door grinning like a Cheshire cat. She raised a finger to her mouth, motioning for Becky to be quiet. Her friend took the hint quickly and stood without a sound watching as Carl performed his artistic cunnilingus. 

Mary smiled at her friend and then looked back down at Carl. "Yes baby, that was so good, suck my pussy, make me cum again and again. You can do it, be my big daddy, fucking his daughter-in-law. I'm going to love being a part of your family. Oh, god, I need you to fuck me. Come up here and give me your cock, put your cum in my pussy so Greg can lick it from my pussy tonight, our wedding night. I want him to suck your cum from my pussy and to know where it came from. Please, oh please, fuck me now. Fuck me in my wedding dress. Oh yes, yes, yes."

Carl was a little surprised by Mary's coarse language but it just served to make him hotter. Finally he couldn't take it anymore and he rose up in front of her. He grabbed her hair roughly and kissed her full on the lips, pressing his tongue into her willing mouth. As they kissed Becky moved a low coffee table around into a better position. Finally Mary and Carl broke the kiss and Carl realized they weren't alone. He blushed and began to stammer an apology, but Mary grabbed his hand and held him tight, keeping him from leaving.

"It's okay. She is a good friend. Now, are you going to fuck me or not?"

Carl stared at her and then looked over at Becky. Surprise and shock fought arousal on his face but finally his sexual needs won out. He watched as Becky helped Mary lay down on the coffee table, hiking her dress up around her waist and spreading her legs wide. Carl shook his head for a half second and then smiled and reached down and opened up his pants. He took out a cock that was longer and thicker than his son's and he wasted no time moving between Mary's legs and pushing his cock deep into her wet and ready pussy.

Mary gasped at the size of his cock and then smiled up at him. "Oh yeah, fuck me good with that big cock!" She moaned out as she wrapped her legs around him, pulling him even deeper into her. It wasn't the biggest cock she had ever had but it was big enough and she moaned loudly as he pushed himself deep into her waiting sex. They began to fuck wildly as Becky watched, smiling. They were so engrossed in their sex that they didn't hear the soft knock on the door. Becky did and she quickly moved to intercept whoever was out there. It was Paula, Mary and Becky's friend and fellow adventurer. Becky quickly pulled Paula into the room, pressing her hand over her mouth as she did and then an evil idea welled up in Becky and she grinned at her friend.

"You stay here and guard the fort while they fuck." Becky whispered to Paula, "I'm going to see if anyone else wants to join the party." Paula grinned at her mischievous friend but nodded and smiled at her. Becky slipped out the door and then made her way downstairs to where the caterers were setting up. After she was gone Paula locked the door and then went to Mary's side and knelt down. She leaned over her friend and kissed her gently on the lips. Once again Carl was surprised and he almost panicked when he realized that the girl beside them was not Becky. This was starting to get a little weird, who would show up next? Not his wife, he hoped, but he was almost to the point of climax and couldn't stop. Besides the sight of Mary and Paula kissing was a great turn on for him. He continued to fuck Mary, pumping into her with renewed vigor and eliciting small animalistic groans and grunts from her as his cock hammered into her pussy. Paula heard a light knock on the door and went to answer it just as Carl began to cum.

"Oh fuck, Mary, you are such a beautiful little slut. I'm cumming, do you want me to cum inside you?"

"Yes, fuck, yes, put your cum in my pussy. I want to feel your cum inside me as I walk down the aisle."

It was too much for Carl and his cock exploded deep into her hole. He slammed forward, pressing as deep into her as he could and let his balls empty themselves into the hot confines of her womb. He stayed that way for a long minute, relishing the release of orgasm and then as his cock began to soften he pulled out.

"Next!" Becky had returned to the room and she pulled Carl away from Mary and a thin young man from the caterers stepped in and rammed his cock deep into Mary without any warning. Mary's eyes went wide as she realized that the room was actually full of men with their cocks out, standing in a line to fuck her. She smiled and mouthed a silent "I love you" to Becky and then concentrated on the boy between her legs. He fucked her hard and fast and all too quickly he began to add his cum to Carl's. 

Immediately another man dressed in a dark suit stepped up. He was an older man, in his late forties or early fifties, but he hadn't forgotten how to use his cock. He moved inside her, not just pounding, but really fucking her and Mary felt herself flow into her second orgasm of the day. The man between her legs felt her orgasm explode inside her pussy and was unable to hold back. He drove his cock deep into her messy hole and let loose a huge load of cum. Her pussy was so full of cum already that it began to leak back out of her used pussy, flowing down her thighs and over her round ass cheeks. 

She moaned in erotic ecstasy as another young man wearing a tuxedo slipped between her spread legs and drove his cock into pussy. Becky came to her side as she was fucked again and Mary managed to grunt up to her friend.

"Who are all these men I'm fucking?"

"Wedding guests that got here early, caterers, and three boys from the wedding band. That's the guitar player whose doing you right now. I've got fourteen men and two women who want to fuck you. Greg's sister, Lynn, is here too. Are you up for it?"

"Mmm, yeah, you are the best Beck. Give me Lynn next, let her lick my pussy, 'kay."

"Sure baby, no problem." Becky went to arrange the guests and noticed Carl sitting at the dressing table, his jaw hanging loose as he watched his son's fianc‚ taking each man in turn. She stopped by him and grinned. "She is quite the little slut isn't she?"

"She is beautiful. I've never seen anything so beautiful in my life." He said still staring at Mary.

"Yeah, I know." Becky said with a smile.

When the guitarist had at last emptied his load into Mary's swollen and very messy pussy, Becky guided a sweet looking girl with light red hair between Mary's legs. The girl hesitated for just a second and then dove forward lapping at Mary's dripping slit. She sucked and licked for all she was worth and bringing Mary to another orgasm. Becky saw her friend climax and then gently eased Lynn up and away, letting another man take her place. Lynn, leaned over and kissed Mary on the lips, letting her taste her own pussy juice on her face and tongue.

"Love ya sis!" Lynn said softly and then moved away as the next man began to fuck Mary with abandon.

He fucked her quickly and only took a couple of strokes before he filled her pussy with his cum and was quickly replaced by the next man in line. Then one of the men in line got a little impatient and he pressed his cock into her mouth. Mary took it down her throat easily, sucking him eagerly, and quickly bringing him off. She tried hard to swallow the huge load of cum that he shot into her mouth but some dribbled down her cheek. Paula was there immediately, licking the cum from her face, and keeping it from getting on her dress. Another saw what Paula was doing and stepped forward. He lifted Mary's shoulders up and gently unzipped the back of her dress. Carefully he helped Mary pull her arms from the sleeves and then pushed it down. This not only kept it away from the cum on her face it also exposed her heaving breasts and the helpful man quickly knelt beside Mary and began to suckle her nipple.

Another man took his place in her mouth. He wasn't quite all the way hard and Mary tasted pussy juice and cum on his cock as she sucked it. It only took a few minutes before his cock was hard again and he moved back into line to await his next turn at her pussy.

The next man who stepped up leaned forward and kissed her gently even though she already had another cock in her mouth. "Would you mind if I fucked your ass?" He asked her gently.

She shook her head around the cock and tried her best to smile at him. He apparently understood and raised both of her legs high in the air. He dipped his cock into her sloppy pussy once to lubricate it and then slowly began to push it into her ass. She moaned around the cock in her mouth as she felt her dark hole spread apart and allow the man's cock to slide inside. He groaned at the heat and tightness of her ass and she playfully squeezed his cock inside her. It was too much for him and even though he had only just begun to fuck her he came hard, filling her bowels with his seed.

The next man didn't ask permission, he simply lined his cock up with her now dripping ass and pushed inside. Mary screamed in pleasure as she felt the assault but the cock in her mouth muffled her cries. The new man lasted longer and was able get into a steady rhythm fucking her ass. The second woman, an older lady with just a hint of gray in her hair knelt beside Mary and began to lap at her pussy as the man continued to pound into her ass. Soon Mary felt another orgasm rising from deep inside her and she relaxed and let her climax sweep her along. After that it was just a progression of men choosing to fuck either her sloppy ass or her sloppy pussy and a few women or men sucking her pussy or tits. Each man after he finished fucking her pussy or ass would move up and push his cock into her mouth letting her lick and suck her own juices from them. She lost count of the men who fucked her but she was sure that it was more than the fourteen that Becky had promised, finally the last man shot his cum deep into her pussy and pulled out. Becky and Paula shooed the men from the room telling them that it was time to get Mary ready for the wedding and then the three girls were alone.
