 As I stood up off the bed I got lightheaded briefly from the intensity of the orgasm I just had. I smiled at the thought of the two bisexual sorority sisters/girlfriends in the room behind me, one eating my cum out of the other. But I needed a few minutes to recover. I grabbed my cigarettes out of my tux jacket and went out on the balcony of our two-bedroom suite for a smoke. I was still completely naked but it was about 1 AM and besides, I'm not one to be shy. I stepped out onto the balcony into the warm Spring Florida air. There was a nice breeze that tickled my balls as it blew past. Our balcony was roomy and over looked the golf course. There was a table and chairs and 2 chase lounges. "Might need to bring the girls out here a little later," I said to myself. I finished my smoke and went back inside. 

I made my way through the living room, and into the kitchen. I pulled a bottle of Pinot Gris from the frig, popped the cork, and poured 3 glasses. In our haste to get into the bedroom I realized that we had not yet explored the Suite. I grabbed the three glasses and made my way back into the bedroom. Hannah still had her face buried in Brianna's cum filled pussy. Hannah's face glistened with the mixture of my and Bri's juices in the dim lighting of the room. I handed Brianna a glass and set Hannah's on the nightstand. I made my way into the bathroom and was instantly impressed. We had a large whirlpool tub with a separate shower stall. You could easily fit 2 people in the tub and all 3 of us in the shower no problem. I found some candles on the countertop and began formulating a plan. 

I grabbed the candles and made my way back to the living room. The living room had a large fluffy couch on one wall and a large plasma screen TV on the opposite wall. A large rectangular coffee table stood in front of the couch with two smaller end tables on either end of it. I placed a candle on each end table and turned on the TV. Sure enough I found what I was looking for and the resort had some adult films to rent. I found one called "college girl tag team pt.4"

"Perfect!!!!!" I grinned to myself. I moved the coffee table against the half of the sliding glass door that didn't open, and went to the second bedroom. I threw the bedspread and blankets on the floor and grabbed all four pillows and threw them on the couch in the living room. I turned the mattress on its side and slid it out into the living room right in front of the couch. The couch made a perfect headboard, and I could see that we had endless possibilities for all kinds of positions. I arranged the pillows from the bed against the sofa/headboard and made my way back to my beautiful sex queens in the other room. 

The girls were entwined in an amazing 69 position licking each other to a frenzy. They were unaware of my presence or simply didn't care as I took my place in the bedside chair to enjoy the show. Brianna's wine glass was empty and laying on the bed next to the ball of intertwined female sexual energy. Hannah's glass was still on the nightstand and I knew that her mouth hadn't left Brianna's twat since I left the first time. The two girls were having a blast, each one fingering the others pussy while liking each other closer and closer to orgasm with every flick of the tongue. My cock began to grow hard again but I decided to let them have this one all to themselves, and since I knew my cock was certain to get more action; I didn't even want to bother stroking it. 

Their pussy-muffled moans began to get louder and their breathing was getting heavier and heavier. I knew they were close. I think it was Hannah who was on top who came first with a diluted scream that sent Brianna right over the edge with her. The two bodies clenched up in a fit of involuntary sexual muscle spasms. Moaning and whimpering with an occasional "oooooooooooooh" was all that could be heard. As their orgasms subsided Hannah rolled off of Brianna and turned around and the girls cuddled up next to each other in the most adorable post-coital cuddle I've ever seen. Finally Hannah opened her eyes enough to see me sitting there and had a surprised look on her face.

"Bravo, bravo!!!" I said enthusiastically and I stood and applauded their performance. Both girls instantly broke into a fit of laughter. 

"How long were you sitting there?" the very inquisitive Hannah asked me. 

"Long enough to get one hell of a show. Was that the third orgasm for both of you?" I replied.

"Fourth for Me!!!" Cheered Brianna. Again all three of us erupted in laughter. 

"Oh shit Bri, we've been soooo selfish. Poor Craig over there has only busted his nut once tonight." Said Hannah in her sexy little sorority girl voice. 

"Oh no, I think we need to make it up to him." Cooed Brianna. 

"Oh its fine girls, you've got all weekend to make me cum as much as you want." I responded. "Why don't we move the party out into the living room?"

"Uh oh, sounds like Craig's up to something." Said Hannah.

"If he is, I'm sure it will be a lot of fun." Said Brianna referring to our past sexual escapades together. 

"Shall we?" I invited offering each of them a hand. Brianna took my left and Hannah my right as I helped them off the bed and led them to the bed I had arranged in the living room. 

"Well this certainly looks cozy." Said Brianna

"College Girl Tag Team pt. 4??" Hannah asked inquiring about the video waiting to start on the large TV in front of us. 

"Seems like a fitting title there Craig," added Brianna

"My thoughts exactly. Would anyone care for more wine?"

"Please!" They replied together. 

"Why don't you girls go ahead and start the movie while I pour the drinks."

I found my empty glass on the end table where I had left it. Brianna's was still on the bed and Hannah's on the nightstand untouched. I poured out Hannah's glass since it had gotten warm and filled all three to the top finishing the bottle. I returned to the living room and the girls had left the center of the bed open for me. I handed each one their glass and got comfortable right in between the two of them. Each one cuddled up next to me with their head on my chest as the opening scene of the movie began. 

On the screen, two girls were studying together in a dorm room. One a voluptuous blonde that I immediately reminded me of Hannah with her massive tits and curvatious figure, the other was a tall and slender brunette. Hannah and Brianna kissed each other on my chest and looked up to me for the same attention. We embraced in a three-way make out session with tongues probing and darting into each other's mouths. I wrapped an arm around each of them and pulled them close. I could taste the sweet nectar of each of their pussies on the others tongue and my cock grew hard again. I felt a hand wrap around the base of my cock and begin stroking me gently, but wasn't sure who's hand it was. 

As the three of us broke from our kiss, I realized it was Hannah massaging my member as she lowered her soft sweet mouth towards it. I glanced back at the screen and found a man in the room with the two college girls as they were taking turns sucking his cock. Hannah engulfed my entire thick 8 inches in one swift motion and began sucking furiously at the head as she came back up. My left hand found the top of Hannah's head as I grabbed a thick handful of her curly blonde locks. I wrapped my right arm around Brianna and pulled her close as we embraced in another passionate lip lock. 

Hannah was working me hard, milking my cock for all its worth. I knew she wanted my cum, but I wanted hers too. I broke from Brianna's kiss and pulled Hannah's head off my cock. I slid my body down to the center off the mattress and told Hannah to mount me in a 69 position. Hannah's beautiful twat was positioned just above my mouth, as I took in a good view of her dripping pink lips in the dim candlelight. She returned to sucking me furiously and passionately as she stroked my cock with one hand and holding herself up with the other. I raised my tongue and gently parted her pussy lips again tasting her sweet love juices. I could feel Brianna shifting herself around on the bed trying to find an angle to get in on the action. 

The porno on the TV had turned into nothing but background noise of moans, groans, slurping and slapping sounds. I traced my tongue along Hannah's precious pink pussy lips, and lowered my head to find her clit. I gently teased her swollen pleasure point as I felt Brianna's tongue begin licking at my balls. The two girls had teamed up on my throbbing member and I knew this was there way of "making it up to me." Brianna milked my cock faster and faster squeezing me tightly as her hand and mouth worked me perfectly. Brianna now had both of my balls in her mouth and was rolling them around with her tongue as I locked on to Hannah's clit and began working her towards her orgasm.

I knew I was doing a good job and so was she. With every decent of her mouth around my prick, my tongue worked faster and harder and in turn, her grip got tighter around my shaft and her mouth sucked me harder and faster. Brianna sensed our mutual increase in pleasure and reached up to play with Hannah's rock hard nipples as she gently and lovingly sucked at my balls. Hannah sucked harder and faster and with Brianna's mouth around my balls, my cock exploded into the back of Hannah's throat. At the first gust of my cum spewing down her throat her body tensed and pussy trembled as more and more of her juices poured into my mouth. 

Hannah lifted her mouth so that only the head of my cock was still in her mouth as she jerked the rest of the cum from my balls with her hand. I could feel my jizz collecting in her mouth as I lapped and sucked at her orgasming pussy. Brianna was still sucking at my balls as my last shot of cum spewed into Hannah's mouth and her orgasm subsided in mine. Hannah continued massaging my cock into her mouth making sure she sucked every last drop of my cum from my softening prick.

Once she was content in know that she had emptied the contents of my orgasm she let my cock slip from her mouth with a "pop," She rolled off of my body and looked back at me. Her lips were locked tightly and I knew she had a mouth full of my cum. There was a small dribble of cum that had leaked out of the left corner of her mouth and before she realized it, Brianna's tongue darting over to lick the cum from her face. Hannah gabbed the back of Brianna's head and kissed her passionately. I watched in complete awe as these two gorgeous young sweethearts swapped my cum between their hungry mouths. They stayed in an open mouth kiss forever playing with my jizz and pushing it in and out of each other's mouths. Finally they agreed that they each had an equal amount of my sweet man-milk and broke from their kiss and looked back at me. In what seemed like a coordinated effort each girl turned to me each with a mouthful of my cum, gazed lovingly into my eyes, and swallowed with an "ahhhhhhhh" of refreshment. 

The only words I could muster were, "I love you both so much."

The two girls giggled and laid back on top on me in a 3-way cuddle puddle on the bed. Brianna raised her head and looked at Hannah and I, and said, "I love you both so much too."

Hannah replied, "Craig, I only just met you, but I definitely love you too, and Brianna, you know you are the only girl that I love."

"This could be the beginning of a beautiful friendship," I said jokingly. We all had a good laugh. If I only knew...

The three of us laid there together, holding each other tightly and lovingly. With an arm around each of my beautiful bisexual sorority sisters (who were girlfriends afterall), our three naked bodies cooled in the open air of the hotel room and each of the girls pulled closer to me to keep warm. Each of our bodies sexually drained and physically exhausted, we all feel asleep. Together, in loving embrace, we were content. At least until tomorrow...