 I knew it was wrong. I knew it was terribly tacky and low class. But it was just so much fun to tease and torment the local college hockey team. I started attending their games one winter when I was bored and looking for something to do. The professional team in town was getting all the attention but I was sick of their mediocre performance against other mediocre teams. 

The college games were so poorly attended that I was able to purchase a seat right on the glass just before game time. Throughout the warm up session, I noticed the visiting team stopping frequently to glance at me. One player even positioned his buddy in front of me so he could pretend to have a conversation with him while staring at my boobs. I winked at him and let him stare. I'm very proud of my 36DDs and like to wear snug sweaters over them. After the first period, the home team had noticed me. I caught all sorts of sly glances. It was so much fun that I went back the next night to see if it had all been a fluke. They stared just as much. I loved the attention and made their games a regular event on my schedule.

After the first couple of games, I grew more brazen. I knew I had their attention and they were becoming more blatant with the staring. I can only imagine what their coach thought of me! I started taking Blow-pops with me and sucking suggestively on them during warm-up. A couple of defensemen actually missed a drill as I licked the candy. I giggled and toyed with my necklace, drawing attention to my cleavage. 

There was one player in particular who seemed to always be watching me. I'd even caught him looking from the bench during a game. His name was Rick and he was an athletic god. I kept hoping he would sit out of one game so I would be able to talk to him but it never happened. He never missed a game! It was so frustrating. Not that I wanted him to be injured or suspended but there was no way I could get him a note without looking like a creepy stalker. I always left as soon as the game ended and I went to a different school. It didn't seem like there was any hope of ever getting together with him.

The season drew close to an end and I realized that Rick was going to graduate soon. I picked up my flirting at the last regular season game. Rick skated by and took up a position near me. I traced my upper lip with the tip of my tongue. He winked at me and mouthed the word "later." I grinned back, my heart racing. As I left the game that night, I wondered what he had meant by that. No one had approached me at the game so I had gone home like I always did. I changed into my pajamas and sat on the couch with a beer to watch Sport Center.

About an hour later, I heard a knock on my door. I peeked through the peephole and saw Rick there. I opened the door, completely forgetting I was only wearing a tanktop and flannel boxers. Rick had showered and shaved after the game. He looked fantastic in the snug jeans he wore.

"Uh, great game tonight," I stammered.

"Thanks," he said. "I seem to play better when I have a little inspiration from my favorite fan." I opened the door wider and he stepped inside.

"I didn't think you knew where to find me," I said, nervously playing with my ponytail. He looked around the living room for a minute, keeping me hanging. 

"I had a buddy follow you home one night," he finally admitted. He reached into the bucket of candy on my coffee table and pulled out a lollipop. "These are not nice, Kati," he scolded playfully.

"I'm sorry about that. It was just so much fun," I grinned.

"I hope you don't mind that I just turned up on your doorstep," Rick apologized. "But I got to thinking that I was going to graduate without ever seeing you outside of the arena."

"It's fine. I was kind of hoping I'd get to meet you before you left," I admitted. I was getting so turned on by just being near him. I knew my nipples were on full display through my thin shirt. Rick had certainly noticed. I wondered if he could hear my heart pounding.

"So, it would be ok if I did this?" Rick gently kissed me and I melted against him. He pinned me against a wall, kissing me deeply. I surrendered fully to him. My knees were going weak as his mouth continued its erotic assault. He picked me up and carried me to my bedroom. I protested weakly but he covered my mouth with another kiss. Without a word, he removed my clothing. His hands played over my breasts, squeezing and pinching my nipples. I was in a little bit of shock as this was happening. On one hand, I was permitting a near stranger to play with my naked body. On the other hand, I had fantasized about this moment for a long time and I sure as hell didn't want him to stop.

"So, they are real," he murmured, kissing his way across my breasts. "We wondered."

"What else did you wonder about?" I asked, running my fingers through his dark hair.

"Well, after watching you play with the suckers, I always wondered if you were as talented at sucking a cock." I gently pushed him away from my nipples and eased him onto his back. He lay on my bed while I lowered his jeans. His rock hard cock was ready and waiting for my hot mouth. I licked and teased his shaft until he grabbed my ponytail. I got the hint and took him deep in my mouth. He moaned happily when he felt the back of my throat. I sucked him hard, stroking his balls with my fingertips. He kept his grip on my hair, guiding me down onto him. With a low groan, he shot his hot load into my mouth. I swallowed quickly, lapping up his cum. He lay back on my pillows for a moment while I licked him clean.

"That was amazing, baby," Rick smiled. "I guess all the practice with the suckers was good for you."

"Glad you liked it," I said, resting my head on his beautifully defined chest. He cuddled me for a moment before getting up. He gestured for me to lie on my back. 

"Your turn," he said. He spread my legs and lowered his mouth to my wet pussy. I had been soaked from the moment he had walked in my door, desperate for him to touch me and give me the release I needed. He gently opened me to his tongue and I gasped happily as he licked my aching flesh. Waves of pleasure washed over me and I shivered. Rick stopped suddenly and looked up at me.

"Can I tie you up?" he asked. "I'd really like to." I nodded, eager to have him continue eating my pussy. He left my bedroom for a moment and returned with several lengths of rope. Before he fastened me to my bed, he stopped to suck my nipples again. I barely noticed as he tied my wrists and ankles to my bed. He stood back to admire his work. I couldn't move an inch. I lay there admiring his physique in the soft glow of my bedside lamp. He suddenly slapped my thigh hard. I stared up at him, questioningly.

"It is not nice to tease us at the games," Rick said. "We have had to do a lot of extra practices because of you and most of the guys are not happy about it. We thought you were just a little cocktease. Turns out you're really a slut." He left the room and I heard my front door open. I squeezed my eyes shut, wondering what was coming next. When I opened them again, several members of the team were in my bedroom. I was naked and bound, completely defenseless. I pulled frantically at the ropes while they watched me.

"Rick tells us you're one hell of a cocksucker," the captain said. "But I'd like to see for myself." My eyes widened as he dropped his pants. He really expected me to suck him off! I shook my head frantically. He caught my chin with his hand, holding me tight.

"Let me go," I whispered.

"You will be let go after we have all had our fun with you. You have been asking for this all season so we're going to give you what you seemed to want so much," the captain said harshly. He knelt over my face and put his cock against my lips. I opened my mouth and tentatively licked him.

"Don't make a liar out of me, Kati. I told them how well you sucked my cock," Rick chastised. I felt his fingers touch my exposed pussy and resigned myself to a night of sex with these incredibly hot young men. To be brutally honest, I had fantasized about this entire setup before. While Rick's fingers pushed into my pussy, I sucked the captain of the team's cock like a pro. He hammered the back of my throat and it took all my control not to gag repeatedly. Meanwhile, Rick was furiously finger fucking me, making me writhe with pleasure. The captain spurted his cum all over my face, making me truly feel like a slut.

Another teammate took his place straddling my face. Without hesitation, I accepted the offered cock into my mouth. I felt the ties on my ankles being released and wondered what they had planned next. I was still sucking cock when my legs were raised and another player shoved his cock into my slick pussy. I moaned, matching the rhythm of my sucking to the rhythm of the pounding my pussy was receiving. That was pretty much how the next two hours went. I seemed to always have a cock in my mouth and a cock in my pussy. One player attempted to fuck my asshole but I screamed bloody murder and he backed off. 

When they finished, I was a cum covered mess. There wasn't just a wet spot under me, the entire bed was soaked. It was nasty and I had loved every minute of it. These boys were the gods of their campus and I had just had them all. My hands were released from their bonds and I stretched my aching body. I started to get up but Rick grabbed me.

"You were a good little slut tonight. Leave the Blow Pops at home during the playoffs," he instructed. "Unless you want a repeat of tonight," he added, his eyes twinkling.

Breathing hard, I remained on my bed until they had all gone. Then I cleaned up and went to the store to buy more lollipops.