 I married my Carlos because I can read his mind. I can feel everything he's feeling and I can't explain why. 

So I knew when he met my new boss at our New Year's party they had met before. They shook hands as though they were hiding something but he knew I could sense it. The only reason I didn't call him on it right then and there was because her husband was standing there. Otherwise I would have had them spill the beans right then and there.

The party was a corporate ploy to ease the tension in the office of a new executive team brought in to fix our declining numbers. Though everything was hectic, I'd gotten promotion out of craziness, so I was happy. I had a new mentor that was kicking butt and taking names and I had a front row seat to all of the action. 

Shannon was a gorgeous cougar so it wasn't a surprise to think of her and Carlos having met before. We'd only been together for 2 years but got married after 6 months. I was still finding shit out about him and that was thrilling. If he had an encounter with my new boss before we'd met, I had to know all of the juicy details. Especially since she said she'd been married for fifteen years. 

"Very nice to finally meet you, Carlos," Shannon said as she shook his hand softly. "Roxy has told me so much about you. Please enjoy the party and have a wonderful new year!" With that Shannon and Eric continued working the room through the night. 

Carlos immediately put his glass to his mouth as though the champagne could block any answers to questions I was about to ask. "She seems nice" is what he would have said if he didn't already know her. "Yes, I fucked her" is what he would have said if he had simply fucked her. But silence was a new twist. 

"So how do you know my boss?" I asked with little tact. We'd each met several of our prior relationships without much fuss. We both liked sex and jealousy wasn't an issue. "Shaved or lots of bush? I'm guessing shaved."

After a deep gulp of champagne Carlos grinned ear to ear. I could see the memory replaying in his head and the anticipation of hearing about my husband fucking my new bad-ass mentor seriously warmed my pussy. 

"On my first trip to Hong Kong I was supposed to meet a friend at the hotel bar for drinks. It was quite crowded so I asked the guy at the door if there was a quieter area to wait in. He looked me up and down and suggested I try the purple room just behind the elevators. It was a completely separate area but hardly anyone was there because it was kind of roped off. I sat at the bar and ordered a rum and Coke. 

"Just as my drink arrived, so did this beautiful Italian woman. She smiled at me and then confusingly said, 'My name is...'

"With a look of dismay I politefully replied, '...I don't know?' and she laughed and walked away. I looked to the bartender hoping for an explanation but he wouldn't make eye contact. So I finished my drink and left to catch up to my friend."

Carlos grabbed two more champagnes as they passed because he needed some liquid courage to get through the story. 

"When I bumped into my friend in the lobby he asked where I was hiding because he'd been looking all over for me. I told him that I was in the other bar behind the elevators and his eyebrows nearly jumped from his forehead. 'The Purple Room?' he asked. My look of continued confusion prompted his explanation that the Purple Room was for anonymous partners to meet. If they had already connected online they could meet in real life before sealing the deal or the ladies could simply shop for fresh meat. The women would partially introduce themselves with 'My name is...' and the men would give them a name they had previously decided upon or some other fictitious one. If the women wished to continue then she'd let the man partially introduce himself for her to finish."

My panties were getting moist as I listened to Carlos speak while I watched Shannon and her husband greet people around the room. 

"After my friend and I had dinner across the street I returned to my hotel and re-entered the Purple Room. As my second rum and Coke of the evening arrived, so did this beautiful Nigerian lady - mid-40's, very business, all sexy. 'My name is...' she said as greeted me. 'Karen,' I answered without really knowing why. 'My name is...' I replied. 'Victor,' she responded."

"And then you fucked her brains out?" I asked loud enough for our finance team to look over. 

"No," Carlos answered. "After you give each other names you spend the next thirty minutes discussing the kinds of sex you would like to have. It's like an interview to keep the anonymity with respect to who you are but all of the details about your sexual needs - mostly the woman's."

The entire time Carlos recounted his story you might assume he'd be looking down or into space or at my boss. Not even close. Every word from his mouth followed his piercing brown eyes directly into my unblinking green eyes. He knew I was mesmerized. He knew I was captivated. He knew I was melting between my thighs. 

"She was very quiet in the bar but she warned that would change when we got to the room," Carlos continued. "Nigerian Karen was a handful."

With his brief paused I interjected a question, "Nigerian Karen? Was there more than one Karen?" I asked innocently. 

"Technically I'm sort of Karen and she was sort of Victor," he answered. "Patrons tend to always assign the same name to all suitors - so everyone I met became Karen. I so wish I would have chosen a much sexier name."

"So, Nigerian Karen...or Victor...whatever...what was she like?" I begged as my knees bounced here and there like a school girl listening to a ghost story. 

"Demanding," Carlos smiled as I could since a flicker of reminiscing pass through me. "Her husband treated her well enough, but she wanted a little more aggression in her sex." He licked his lips as he reached for my wrist. "She liked being loved, but..."

"She missed getting fucked," I finished. My palms were sweaty and his stare was piercing. "From behind," I added for clarity. 

"From behind," he acknowledged. 

For what felt like 5 minutes we stared into each other's eyes thinking about how he was going to fuck me from behind as soon as possible. In the middle of 80 plus guests we silently stared into each other's eyes. 

And then a faint laugh in the distance broke my concentration. That laugh belonged to my boss of course. So I immediately asked, "her name was?"

"She gave me the name Jayce," Carlos replied as he readied himself for my next barrage of questions. He sat up straight and prepared for everything I had. 

But I was tongue tied. This was my new boss. My husband. What in the fuck. I was dripping wet and just wanted to go fuck Victor a minute ago. In my head I had mapped out four areas in the building that we could disappear to if needed. But now I wanted to know what Jayce was into. 

"Glass of wine?" I offered as I excused myself from our dance. My nerve endings were lit up and I needed to catch a breather. I was going to erupt before we made it to the fifth floor conference room. "Two glasses of red coming right up!"

I bolted for the far end of the floor before Carlos could respond. I hoped the sound of my heels masked the squish of my panties as I passed by the marketing team. When I reached the bar I knocked back two Pinot Noirs before I realized I was supposed to be bringing some back for Carlos. 

As I settled myself I felt a slight touch on my elbow as a man reached from behind to grab two glasses of white wine. "Having fun?" he politely asked with nothing more than small talk. 

I looked up to realize it was Shannon's husband. "Indeed!" I enthusiastically claimed attempting to cover for what was going through my head. He was a fit and charming man that noticed my uneasiness. 

"Relax," he softly exclaimed. " I hate these parties, too." He smiled as he picked up two glasses of wine. "And my wife thinks the world of you." 

My nerves turned to melting butter because this nice man thought my tense behavior was rooted in his wife being my boss instead of my husband fucking his wife. So sweet. 

"Karen is an amazing boss," I replied. "I'm so happy that she took over our department. She's a God send."

"Good to hear," he responded as he smiled before wading back into the sea of a party. I gave a sigh of relief and headed back to my husband. 

When I reached Carlos he was fighting off two beautiful interns that were unaware that he was taken. He greeted me like the savior I was as we watched them disappear into the brush. 

As he thanked me with a kiss I wanted to get him back on track so I let him take a sip of wine before asking, "What was Shannon into?"

But his answer never reached my ears. 

Ho. Lee. Shit. 

I realized in an instant that I had just referred to Shannon as Karen to her husband and he didn't blink. 

Ho. Lee. Shit. 

Carlos kept talking but I kept replaying his lack of response over and over in my head. 

Ho. Lee. Shit. 

"Babe," Carlos snapped as I plummeted to reality. "What's wrong?"

Just as I started to form my explanation that would end with "and now I'm probably fired" my phone buzzed. 

"My office, please," read the text. "Jayce, too."

I knocked back my wine and took Carlos by the hand. "Elevator," I said without any further explanation. 

I pulled my husband by the hand through the crowd of my drunken coworkers and we rode the elevator toward the end of my dream job. Why couldn't Shannon just tell me to pack up my desk and go. Her husband had probably stormed out. I should probably have just done the same. 

Instead we emptied the elevator onto the executive floor and headed down a dark hallway to her office. Though we tried our best to walk quietly the marble floor echoed every step we took. 

At the end of the hallway was Shannon's dimly lit office. The carpet in her area quieted our steps enough for us to hear her weeping. She sat mouselike on a couch in the center of her grand office. 

"Stupid, stupid, stupid idiot," she snarled at the floor where her heels lay before her. I swallowed my pride for a second as I contemplated whether taking her wrath would save my job. "I really thought you were special."

Now I felt bad. 

"You think I'm the only one fucked here, don't you?" Shannon asked aloud. I wasn't sure what to say. I would give anything to keep this job. And then the answer came out of nowhere. 

"Now?" Carlos asked. 

At that very moment I noticed Shannon's heels were gently resting next to a black lace thong. 

With tears in her eyes she raised upon her knees as Carlos gave me a soft kiss. "For us," he whispered. 

He then let go of my hand and laid down on the couch. I watched nervously as his eyes left mine. I watched angrily as his face slid under her dress. I watched hungrily as she lowered her body onto him. 

Her rage turned from her face to her hips. Shannon bucked Carlos like her pussy would give him life. He gripped the side of the couch as though he was holding on for dear life. 

"He promised me that he'd give me one last face fuck if I hired you," she panted. "I had no idea I'd actually like you. You took my guilty pleasure off of the market but I knew you couldn't possibly fuck him like this."

I was in shock. I was close enough to fucking strangle her but I was trying to process what was happening. 

Had Carlos betrayed me or helped me? Was she fucking my man or strangling him? Worst of all, was his dick hard?

"I need this," she pleaded as she slowly ground her pussy into his face. "You can't do this."

My fury had been joined by my prior passion so I reached down to release the growing dick that Carlos couldn't control. I stared Shannon in the eyes while I pulled down his pants and underwear to his knees. I pulled my drenched panties off and mounted my man's dick like I was preparing for battle. 

Thrust for thrust we fucked him as though the winner would keep him and maybe I could keep my job. I was not going to lose. Usually at home I'd have emptied a container of lube to fuck Carlos this steady, but staring at Shannon gave me all of the lubrication I needed. 

Ding.

The elevator signaled a time for us to take a break. Our eyes were still locked but we feared the footsteps as they echoed down the hallway. A security guard would have announced himself. These steps were purposeful. 

As her husband entered the doorway to see Shannon and I straddling Carlos I felt her grip release. Her stare toward me flipped from competitive to pitiful. She bit her lip as he walked toward us. 

"You said that it was over," he quietly explained. "Did you lie to me?" he asked as he looked down at her. 

"No," she whispered with her eyes still set upon me. "It was over."

With that I knew that she was telling the truth. Carlos had ended with her when we became a couple. But I knew she had missed Carlos' face. Jayce's face. 

Something was missing in her marriage and Jayce provided the outlet she needed. I could feel the pain both of them were feeling. I could see her eyes begin to water. 

But instead of reaching for her hand, I pulled at his. And for the first time I wasn't in shock. 

"My name is..." I offered. Shannon's eyes looked up at her husband's for the first time. Her heart melted as he looked toward me for the first time. 

"I don't know," he quietly responded. I wasn't sure if he meant the name part or what was next, but I didn't wait for him to figure it out. 

As I began to slowly grind my husband I pulled Shannon's husband toward me. He didn't resist as I unzipped his trousers and cautiously maneuvered his dick through the opening. Before he could protest I had undone his belt and pulled his pants to his knees. I immediately shoved every inch of his dick into my mouth while my manicured nails juggled his balls and my waxed pussy fucked Carlos' dick. 

The motion moved Shannon into rhythm and the four of us were synchronized. Carlos gripped my hips while I stroked this brand new dick until I felt his balls begin to tighten. I never thought I'd see - much less taste - another dick in my life so enjoyed the girth in my mouth as I drooled uncontrollably down his thighs. As he tightened Shannon watched with fear. The cum would be the ending of everything for her. 

So I pulled her closer and put her husband's dick in her mouth just as he erupted a violent heap of cum down the back of her throat. Her eyes welled up as she tightened onto Carlos' face with an orgasm that squeezed the life out him. And into my pussy. The shock of his cum so warmed me that I came quietly. 

The chain reaction was surreal. The quiet of the office was deafening. 

"I think you can let go now, Erica," her husband said to me as I stared in confusion. He continued, "My name is..."

Oh shit, I'm Erica and Erica is holding this man's dick by his wife's lips while my husband stares from beneath my boss' dress. 

"Charles," I finally said as I released his dick and wiped the precum and spit from my mouth. I wanted to wipe the cum and tears from Shannon's chin but I think I'd done enough. 

"Thank you, Erica," Shannon said to me as she beamed at her husband. I pulled Carlos up as we fixed his pants. While we stood up they sat down. 

"See you on Monday, Shannon," I said as Carlos and I quickly stumbled out of the office. 

As we rode the elevator down my prayers for an express delivery to the garage weren't granted. The marketing team piled in on the second floor. They could see, smell and probably taste the sex that Carlos and I had just enjoyed. "Somebody had a good time tonight," chuckled the tall one as we emptied the elevator toward our waiting taxis. 

Carlos and I simply held hands the entire ride home.

Though Carlos and I joked about that evening at home to ourselves, Shannon made no mention of it on Monday. We just went about our work. 

Until 3 months later when upper management began stressing us out over our quarterly numbers. The office was tense. Shannon was the only leader that held up to the insanity. Everyone praised her but I could tell she was a little stressed.

So one day I left her a card on her desk before I left for lunch: 

"Dinner on Saturday? Erica & Jayce."

I returned to my desk to find the card with an additional line:

"We'll bring dessert. Charles & Karen."