 ====================================

All characters are 18 years or older.

This story can be read as a stand-alone and is my homage to all of the Strip Poker stories on Literotica I have enjoyed over the years. If you would like to read more about the main characters, please check out Pushing Buttons in the First Time category. This story contains elements of anal, exhibitionism, group (mmf and mff), mild reluctance, toys, lesbian, and of course lots of sex. 

Austin, Alanna and their housemates play Strip Poker on a rainy day and everyone gets frisky.

Thanks to Antematter for the oversight on my Canadianisms. 

====================================

"Austin. Wake up."

It's not that I'm lazy. Sure I've missed a few college classes over the years from sleeping in, but the past two weeks I've been sleeping in more often for a very good reason.

I slowly blinked open my eyes and was quick to sit up when I saw Alanna standing in my bedroom doorway. My best friend since we were kids, we'd been inseparable and ended up as housemates in college. The reason I was sleeping in so much was that two weeks ago Alanna and I started fucking. I'd been in love with her for years, but she had been a gold star lesbian and I had thought she was never interested in me in 'that way.'

Turned out I was very wrong.

Alanna stood in my doorway with a towel around her waist, fresh from the shower. Her thick blonde hair was dark and damp, hanging in ringlets over her bare shoulders; beads of water clinging to her arms and thick, athletic body. Her large breasts were high and proud on her chest, slightly outthrust as she smirked at me, dark pink nipples hard in the open air.

"Morning, beautiful," I said.

Without a word Alanna stepped over to my bed and dropped the towel at her waist, slipping under the covers I held up for her. Naked body pressed into mine, she kissed me firmly, a teasing smile on her lips as she felt my already swollen dick harden next to her thigh.

"I love you." It slipped out.

Alanna blinked and I almost panicked. Practically twenty years as best friends and two weeks as lovers, but neither of us had ever said those words. At least not like that, and not to each other.

What the fuck is wrong with me!?! I screamed in my head.

That first night together, Alanna had told me she didn't want to see or date other people. It wasn't a 'let's go steady and be exclusive' or even a 'boyfriend/girlfriend' talk; we'd decided to sneak around a bit and not even let our other housemates know because Alanna had said it would be our only chance to do that. Everything pointed to us being together, but I might have just royally fucked that up.

Alanna's slightly stunned expression shifted to one of delight and she squeezed us closer together. "I love you too, Butthead." As she kissed me again it felt like my heart was beating a mile a minute in my throat, forced there by a swarm of butterflies taking over my stomach and chest.

She loved me.

"We need to talk about something though."

The heaven I was experiencing came to a crashing halt like a DJ ripping a record track. "Okay," I said slowly, filled with trepidation.

"Austin, I really, really love you. You are the only guy in the entire world for me. I want to grow old and have gross ninety-year old sex with you. But there's something you can't give me. The other thing I really love is pussy."

My mind, after two dramatic 180 degree turns from panicked to elated and back, was having a hard time catching up. "So you want to date other girls?"

"No, well not really. I just want to fuck other girls. The only relationship I want is with you."

I was scrambling to try and figure out how I felt about this. On the very physical hand, I mean... sproinnnggg. I had always fantasized about Alanna with other girls because she had often described her sapphic pursuits to me. Only recently had I found out she'd been doing that to try and spur me into making a move on her and I was too dumb to do it. My mind was also saying yes; I knew Alanna was bisexual, or lesbian with me as an exception or something, so saying yes to this and keeping her happy was the right and fair thing to do.

Still, my heart was screaming no. Or more appropriately, 'Hell to the no!' I'd finally reconciled the love of my life with reality. Alanna had been through a dozen relationships since coming out as a lesbian in the 10th grade. What were the chances she hooked up with some girl and a cosmic event revealed they were deeper soul mates than we were? What if I lost Alanna right after I finally got her?

"Ok." The answer came from the part of me that was envisioning the sapphic pursuits Alanna used to tell me about. And my penis in the middle of them.

"Ok?" Her eyes had gotten big and her hands were resting on my chest as we lay next to each other. "Do... do you want to have sex with other people too?"

"I've never been that person," I said. "I don't even know if I could. Sure I've fantasized about other girls, but it's always been you."

I'm such a schmuck.

Alanna quirked an eyebrow slightly. "What if I want you to fuck other girls with me?"

Uh, what? Come again?

"Uhm," I stumbled over my words and thoughts, "Yes?"

She just smiled and curled into me, her hands slipping around my back as she buried her face in my chest. After a long moment of silence she asked, "So who do you want first? We know a lot of hotties."

************

We stood at the front bay window of our house, six roommates looking out at the torrential downpour. In all honesty we had needed the rain, but did it have to come on our Housemate Bonding Day? Beth, who had planned our outing, was forlornly holding the full picnic basket she had packed that morning when the sky had still been clear and blue.

"Monopoly?" Josh, our only other male housemate, asked the room.

We all groaned.

"Risk?" Josh loved board games and we had all played at least a few rounds with him since the start of the school year. His most recent suggestion was met with more groans. At least he wasn't suggesting one of his strange non-mainstream I-bought-it-online-from-korea games.

"What about something cool like blackjack or poker?" Malena asked. We all raised our eyebrows and made 'that's a pretty good idea' faces. Malena flashed her all american, girl next door smile and brushed a lock of her light brunette hair from her face. After Alanna, Malena had been on the top of my 'would date' list but I had never pursued her. Always telling myself it was because we lived together, deep down I'd known it was because I'd been holding out hope.

"How about we picnic inside and play cards?" I suggested. "We could move all the furniture and sit on the floor in the common area."

"And drink," Beth smiled, setting down the picnic basket. "Break out your booze, no flasks required."

We all laughed and quickly got to work moving the couches as far to the outside of our little living room as possible, clearing the center of the room for Beth to spread out the classic red-and-white checked blanket. While Alanna, Ricki and Josh disappeared up to their rooms or the kitchen to grab alcohol, Malena and I helped Beth start setting out the food she had made up. It wasn't a gourmet feast by any means, we were college students after all, but the sandwiches looked good and she had splurged a bit on chocolate bars and snack-sized bags of chips for us.

It only took a couple of minutes for us to be sitting in a circle and eating our sandwiches, red plastic cups filled with coke and our chosen liquor or a beer in every hand. I drained the last mouthful of my second beer as a boom of thunder rolled over the house, the weather outside unabating. "So," I asked, "What are we going to play for? We need to bet something."

"Snacks," Ricki said, gesturing to the chocolate and chips laying in front of her crossed legs. "Anything unopened counts as a point."

"Mmpgh," Josh grunted indignantly, his mouth full from having just shoved a handful of chips in.

"I like it," Alanna said, "Let's divide everything evenly though. Josh is gonna lose fast enough." 

The girls snickered as Josh washed down his mouthful and started to say something before sighing and giving up. Instead he grabbed the deck of cards he had brought out from his room and started shuffling as we evened up the snack items - everyone got a combination of five bags of chips or chocolate bars once it was all doled out properly.

The first hand took a while to finish because, as it turned out, we needed to clarify the rules on several counts. We all knew what poker hands were generally, but when Beth said 'hit me' on her first turn we realized we needed to sort some things out.

"Alright, the game is five card draw," Malena explained. "I learned from watching poker on TV so if anyone thinks I'm wrong, say something. We each get five cards face down, like we have now." Josh had also assumed we were playing 'regular' poker and had dealt as such. "Once you look at your cards we do a round of betting. We won't play with blinds or antes since we don't have a lot of snacks for betting. After betting, we can each discard as many cards as we want and draw new cards to replace them. Another round of betting and then we reveal."

We all nodded our tacit understanding of how we were going to play and the game was on. We had to reiterate the rules for ourselves a couple of times during the first hand and no one folded, so when Ricki turned over three of a kind she raked in twelve snacks, making her the rich bitch of the game.

"I knew it," Josh said accusingly, "Ricki's been too quiet, she's trying to shark us."

"I am not!" The brunette rugby player complained. "I got lucky."

"Sure," I teased, "We'll see who ends up winning all the snacks."

We all got our third, or in Beth and Alanna's cases fourth, drinks together and Josh dealt the next hand. I had a pair of twos in hand with an ace high, which wasn't great but had a bit of promise, so I tossed in my last bag of chips, leaving me with a pair of Mr. Big chocolate bars. Everyone but Josh also tossed in a snack, our dealer deciding to fold early. I tossed in my other two cards, keeping the twos and the ace, and had to hide my smile as I looked down at an eight and a second ace. Two pairs!

Alanna was leading the betting this hand and cautiously put in a second snack, forcing everyone but Ricki to raise and leave themselves with only one snack left. I was next and squinted at Alanna, trying to judge her reaction, but she just batted her eyes at me and made our roommates laugh.

"I call," I said, tossing in one of my chocolate bars.

Malena, on my other side, folded. Ricki casually tossed in another bag of chips, her mound of winnings daunting on the floor beside her. Little Beth, her eyes darting from the pot to the hand of cards in front of her, played her tongue over her lip ring a few times before setting both of her remaining snacks into the pot. "All in?"

I groaned, echoed by Alanna. Ricki laughed and shrugged, not waiting to toss in another one of her snacks to match the bet. Technically it was Alanna's turn, and she hemmed and hawed over whether to throw in her last snack. If either of us did and we lost, we were out of the game.

"I call, all in too," She finally said, putting her last chocolate bar into the pile.

I looked to my cards again. Two pair, twos and aces. It was a good hand, but with both Alanna and Beth all in, what were the chances they had something better? I took a deep breath and glanced forlornly at my lone remaining Crunch bar. One more hand could keep me in the game. "I fold," I groaned, tossing my cards face down to Josh.

"Alright," he said, looking to the three girls still in the hand. "Let's see who won."

Beth flipped her cards, revealing two pair of eights and nines and I suppressed another groan; I would have beaten that hand. Ricki just shook her head and laughed, tossing her cards to Josh face down - she hadn't beaten Beth. Alanna was grinning like a fiend though, turning over her cards. Three of a kind in fours, the winning hand.

"Whoo!" Alanna catcalled, reaching out and pulling her hefty pot back to her seat. "I'm rich I tell ya. Make it rain!" She tossed some bags of chips in the air as most of us laughed. Beth, sitting across the circle, was not pleased.

"Well I guess I'm out," she sighed, taking the last sip of her rum and coke and starting to pour herself another.

"Aw, poor baby Piercings is all sad she lost." Alanna called Beth 'Piercings' because she was fairly liberal with her body adornments. Sporting multiple piercings along the rim of each ear, Beth also had two small silver eyebrow rings, a septum piercing in her nose and her lip ring. She'd also shown off her tongue piercing before, though that one wasn't readily apparent. "Don't worry, I'll spot you some snacks so you can keep playing, but it's gonna cost you."

Beth finished mixing her drink and rolled her eyes at Alanna, "Alright, I don't just want to watch. What do you want?"

Alanna smirked and leaned into the circle, stage whispering, "I'll give you three snacks for your bra."

I know my reaction was something along the lines of raising my eyebrows and pursing my lips in surprise, and I saw Josh's mouth hang open for a long moment as he tried to process the deal that was forming as well.

"Oooh, I'm gonna need another beer," Malena laughed, handing another one to Ricki as well.

Beth was an outgoing girl and a tomboy - she played bass in our garage band along with Josh on vocals. Since I had met her in our first year of college she'd always been a troublemaker but I'd never seen her do something quite so risky as this. All she had on were a pair of knee-length shorts she'd made out of old skinny jeans, a man's white wifebeater undershirt and a black bra. Her dark hair wasn't even on her side for this since she kept it cut boyishly short and messy.

She clearly thought about it, stewing in her drink-fueled thoughts, pursing her lips to the side and squinting her eyes at Alanna. "Alright, I'll do it."

Just hearing Beth say those words had me adjusting my sitting position to accommodate the growth in my shorts. Beth sat up on her knees and reached behind her back, undoing her bra. She hesitated and then quickly took a long drink of her rum and coke before peeling the bra out from under her thin shirt and tossing it at Alanna.

Beth sat back and folded her arms under her breasts, "Happy?"

"Yes," Josh said, grinning.

"Not you, thundercunt," Beth said, slapping him on the arm from her position beside him. She had nice small boobs, probably a bit more than a handful, but the really interesting thing was that she clearly had both nipples pierced, the studs creating bumps on either side of her nipples.

"I just have one question," Alanna said, still grinning.

"What's that?" Beth asked.

"Are you pierced down below too?"

Beth blushed and cupped her tits, "No, I'm not a huge perv, just a little one."

Everyone laughed and Josh picked up the cards, starting to shuffle while quite obviously distracted by the sight of Beth.

I leaned back and, seeing that everyone else was distracted by the almost-free boobs, looked to Alanna. She winked at me with a smirk, then nodded her head towards Malena and raised her eyebrows a couple of times. I took a deep breath and tried to calm my nerves, knowing what she meant. It might have started with Beth, but Alanna's goal was to get to Malena because she knew I had the hots for our roommate.

Malena was wearing an old black band shirt that had the arms and a lot of the sides cut out, making it into a sleeveless tee. The gaping sides gave tantalizing views of her thin abdomen and the round sides of her sports-bra covered breasts. Her white, stretchy yoga pants were skin tight and would have had me staring all day at the park if we had gone on our picnic like we had planned.

"Ok, enough staring you dorks," Beth complained, covering up herself again. "Deal the hand, I need to win back some snacks."

Josh dealt but was clearly distracted. I glanced at my cards, I had the eight, queen, king and ace of hearts, along with the four of clubs. It was nothing if I didn't pick up anything good, or I could discard the four and hope for another heart to make a flush. Or, if I was really daring, I could get rid of the eight as well and hope for the jack and ten of hearts, making the royal flush.

I tossed in my lone Mr. Big, signalling I was all in for the hand, and everyone else tossed in something else as well. No one raised, so I discarded the four of clubs and waited for my card, deciding to play it safe and not go for the royal flush. Josh dealt it to me and my hand hovered over it for a moment on the red and white blanket. Any heart, I need any heart.

Peeking at the corner, my chest surged and I struggled not to make a noise. It was the three of hearts, giving me a flush. If I'd been able to, I would have been betting hard - as it was, Ricki raised the bet to two snacks, Alanna and Josh calling, though it put Josh at all in as well. Beth folded quickly, wanting to preserve her dwindling stash, and all eyes turned to Malena, who only had one snack left herself. She hummed and hawed over it for a long moment, glancing at Alanna and Ricki suspiciously. "All in," she said, pushing her last bag of chips forward.

"That closes the bets," Josh said, flipping over his cards. "Two pair, beat that." 

Alanna and Ricki both laughed, tossing their cards, and I grinned in victory, "Flush of hearts. The pot is mine."

"What up mothafuckaaa's!" Malena crowed, flipping her cards over dramatically. "Four of a kind bitches, I win."

"Fuck," I said, laughing at her antics. Malena was usually quieter and more demure, but was obviously comfortable with her friends and roommates in private more than she was at parties. I liked this side of her, even if it meant I was losing. It was a little more like Alanna.

"Ooh, talk about making it rain," she giggled, pouring her winnings over her head and scooping them up into her lap. "Alright, boys. Who wants to stay in the game?"

Josh and I were both out of snacks, and judging by how enthused Malena was I had a feeling we were going to be paying to play.

"What do you want?" I asked a little cautiously.

"I will give you each.. hmmm... three snacks. But I want your pants!"

The other girls cheered and I looked across the circle to Josh, who shrugged back at me. We both stood up and I started to unbuckle my shorts as he did the same.

"Hold on, hold on," Alanna said. "Before we do this, everyone finish your drinks."

"Why?" asked Ricki.

"Just trust me, do it."

Josh and I sat back down and we all finished off our drinks, several of us taking a deep breath to ward off the light headed rush we got. We'd been drinking fairly consistently since we started our late lunch and we probably all could have used a break instead of more.

"Ok, so here's what I'm thinking," Alanna said. "We're headed that way anyways, so let's just play strip poker." The rest of us were quiet for a moment as we absorbed her proposal. "The way I figure it, we say no more folding. Worst hand or hands have to take something off."

"What does the winner get?" Malena asked, but was quickly followed by Beth.

"What happens when you're naked, are you out?"

"I dunno," Alanna said. "If the loser's naked, the winner dares them to do something?"

"I like it," Malena said, smiling and clearly enjoying her mildly drunk state.

"Let's do it," Beth said, "Fuck, I'm practically halfway there already."

Ricki just laughed and nodded.

Josh and I looked across the circle at each other again. People say that women can communicate silently, or married couples, or best friends. Alanna and I had our little unspoken conversations sometimes, but that usually had more to do with knowing how each other thought. Girls don't get how bros have silent communication though. Looking at each other, Josh and I might as well have had a full conversation without even moving an eyebrow.
