 All of the people in this story are 18 years old or older.

It was a rainy Saturday afternoon. Ron and Jim were just hanging out watching TV. Ron was visiting Jim from out of state; they were cousins and hadn't seen each other in a few years. 

Jim's family had moved out of state when he was just becoming a teen. They were catching up on the years they were apart. Mostly talking about the sexual experiences they had had.

When they were younger that had fooled around like young curious boys do. They had touched each other's cocks and watched each other jerk off.

In the years that had passed Jim didn't have any more experiences with guys. Ron was bisexual and told Jim. Jim was surprised but told him that was cool. It seemed like the in thing to do these days. Jim hadn't touched another guy since their youth, but had been having the urge to do so lately. 

He wondered what this weekend would have in store for him. Ron spoke and broke the fantasy that was playing out in his head. 

Ron asked him if he wanted another drink, Jim said yes. A few minutes later Ron returned with two cold bottles of Coors Light. 

They downed the drinks and started to get a little loose. They had been watching TV, talking and drinking for hours when there was a knock on the door. 

Ron got up to answer the door and saw that it was Wendy. She was a friend of the guys who heard Jim was in town and stopped by to say hi. Wendy was a short brunette with 36d breasts, tight ass and washboard stomach. She kept herself in great shape. 

Ron was on the short side for a guy, although he was very muscular. He worked out at her gym. In fact she was in her gym clothes having just finished a workout. Jim was about 6 feet tall and skinny.

Jim was surprised to see Wendy. She was his first crush and the sight of her brought back some memories. He walked up and hugged her pulling her in tight. He could smell the sweat off her body and the feel of her body against his got him slightly aroused. 

They sat in the living room and Ron went to get another drink for Wendy. Jim caught up with what she had been doing. She was a stripper at the local club and taught aerobics at the gym to keep in shape. This got Jim excited, he told her she looked great and asked when she would be dancing next. 

Wendy laughed and told him that since he was an old friend she might give him a free show tonight. She smiled lowering her head and bringing her pinky to her mouth. Jim smiled as he brought the bottle to his lips. His cock was getting hard. 

Ron got up and turned off the TV. He moved some of the furniture around to make a dance floor. Jim looked at Ron's crotch and could see he was excited at the scene unfolding as well. Wendy laughed and said she had been kidding. 

Ron told her it was too late she was committed to it now. Jim agreed with him, being no fool. 

The beer was kicking in and Wendy said, "what the fuck. You guys are on." 

Jim and Ron sat on the couch. Wendy took off her sneakers, put on a CD and stood on the coffee table. She had on a red half shirt over a gray sports bra and black spandex pants. Ron had shut some lights off so only one was on, covering her body with a nice glow. She took out her scrunchie running her hands through her hair shaking it out. 

Madonna's song "Music" came on and she started moving to the beat. Ron whistled and clapped while Jim just stared at Wendy gyrating around.

She danced to the beat on the table, spinning around giving them a great view of her body. When she turned to face them she looked at their crotches. Ron had a bulge in his pants, she had seen his cock once before. 

He had a great body but average size dick. She looked into Jim's lap and saw a large buldge. She looked at his face and he knew she had seen his hard cock. 

She licked her lips and ran her hands up her stomach to her tits. She had them over the bra but under the top. She raised her arms taking the half top with her. She held it over her head before throwing it in Ron's lap. 

She put her hands on her head and ground her hips in the air. She was getting wet, dancing for these guys. Normally she got excited when she danced but this was different. She was getting really excited. As she swung her hips around she knew tonight was going to be different. 

She put her hands on her breasts over the sports bra. She squeezed them and bit her lower lip as she did. She got closer to the couch and stretched out her leg, pointing her foot at Jim's crotch. She touched her big toe to his cock that was straining to get out. 

"Damn" she thought to herself, "He is huge". The Madonna song had ended but was followed with other bass pounding songs that she had on it for her aerobics classes. 

Wendy stood in the middle of the table with her hands at the band of her pants. She ran her fingers down the front and rubbed her pussy through the fabric. She was soaking wet with desire. 

Ron and Jim hooted and hollered as they drank some more Coors Light. Wendy took the middle and ring finger of each hand and stuck them in the waist of her pants. Looking at the boys she licked her lips then spun around. She looked over her shoulder at them, tossing her hair. 

She shook her hips as she started to lower the pants. When they were past her ass, exposing her red thong, she bend forward and lowered them the rest of the way. Her ass looked incredible with the thong parting her cheeks. She stepped out of the pants and ran her fingers up her calves and thighs to her ass. She slapped her cheeks and spread them a little. Then grabbed her ass and wiggled the cheeks.

The guy's were both hard. Ron had undone the button on his jeans and was rubbing his cock in his pants. 

Jim just sat there his cock straining. Ron told him to rub it but he felt funny. Wendy turned around hands on hips. She had on the sports bra and thong. She looked Jim in the eyes and told him it was ok. 

He shifted in his seat and said he was fine. She crossed her arms over her chest, grabbed the bra and pulled it off in a smooth action; you could tell she was a pro. She tossed it onto Jim's face. He could smell her sweat and body lotion on the bra. He held it to his face and took deeps breaths of the musky scent. He let out a sigh and undid his top button. He looked up and saw Wendy's breasts and his mouth watered. 

Wendy sat on the edge of the table. She reached over and ran a hand up each of the guy's thighs. She squeezed their cocks when she got to them. She was sure of it now; Jim had to be about 8 inches and thick. Ron was 6 inches and that was fine with her too. 

She took off her panties and spread her legs exposing her beautiful shaved pussy. Putting one foot on each of their laps she leaned back on the table. Arching her back, she stuck a finger in her pussy. Fucking it for a couple of strokes. 

She sat up, resting on one elbow and put the finger to her lips. She ran it across her lips before putting it in her mouth. Licking and sucking it clean. She sat back up on the edge looking at the guy's crotches. Jim's cock was sticking out of the waistband of his underwear. 

Ron had his shirt open exposing his ripped chest. The smell from her cunt was overpowering. She was so wet. Her head was spinning. Wendy was so worked up she was shaking. She took Jim's drink and downed it. Then told them she couldn't continue the show. 

Jim just looked shocked, he was so hard. Ron protested, pre-cum oozing from his cock head. He took his shirt off completely and dropped his pants. Standing in front of her his 6inch cock pointing at her face. He begged her to continue. 

She put her hands in front of her face and shook her head. What was she doing? How had she gotten into this mess? Why did she have to have those drinks on an empty stomach? 

Ron was still begging rubbing the pre-cum into his cock head. She looked through her fingers; hands still covering her face, at Jim. He was sweating and looked deep in thought. He looked at Ron's cock, back at Wendy and then at his own cock. He let out a long breath.

He took off his T-shirt and leaned back into the couch. Wendy sat up straight and put on hand on Ron's cock and stroked it for him. 

She wanted this to happen and it all rested on Jim. She wanted both of them, she wanted Jim's huge cock. She looked up at Ron then over at Jim. He was just watching her. His cock still sticking out the top of his pants, it was throbbing. 

Jim was confused her body turned him on but strangely looking at Ron's cock also got him excited. 

Wendy decided it was now or never. She took her other hand and cupped Ron's balls, leaned in and licked his cock. Ron brushed aside her hair so Jim could get a better view. 

Wendy licked down the side of Ron's cock looking Jim in the eye as she went. Not braking eye contact until she got back to the head. She flicked her tongue out over the head. Circling around then licking the slit. 

She shot one more glance at Jim to make sure he was watching. Then closed her eyes and took Ron into her mouth. She worked his cock in and out of her mouth.

Ron was moaning a little still holding her hair aside. She worked more and more of his cock in her mouth. She could taste the pre-cum that had been glistening on his head and loved the taste. 

She took her other hand from rubbing his balls and rubbed her clit. Slipping her finger in for a few strokes every couple of minutes. She lost herself for a few minutes enjoying the sensations. Suddenly she felt Ron had shifted a little. 

She opened her eyes and saw Jim standing next to Ron totally naked his hand on Jim's shoulder. 

Eight inches stood sticking out it was about as thick as her wrist. Ron looked at Jim as he reached for it, looking for signs of resistance. 

When he saw none he put his hand around it and squeezed. Jim just closed his eyes as Ron started to stroke it. 

Wendy suddenly shuddered as she came. She couldn't believe what she was seeing and how hot it was. She took Ron's cock out of her mouth. It made a poop sound when it came out.

She leaned back on her hands and watched. When she caught her breath from her orgasm she said, "Well, lets really get this party started." 

"What do you say you guys give me a little show?" she said.

Jim finally said he would but only a hand job. She told them to get back on the couch. They both sat down and spread their legs. Cocks resting on there stomachs. 

Ron asked if Jim was up to it and he agreed. At first they both sat back and stroked themselves for Wendy. She let out a little giggle before she put her hand back in her crotch.

Ron and Jim stroked themselves looking at her and each other. Ron moved a little closer to Jim. Jim took the next step and moved right next to Ron. Their thighs were touching.

Wendy took in the show, rubbing her clit with three fingers and fucking her cunt with two from the other hand. 

Jim surprising made the first move and reached over and took Ron's cock. When he touched it Ron let out a sigh and leaned his head back for a second. 

Wendy watched pushing her fingers all the way in her cunt. 

Ron reached over but Jim stopped him, "One at a time, lets make this last" he said.

Ron shrugged and leaned back, spreading his legs a little wider. He was really pumping Ron's cock and it didn't take long for him to cum.

Wendy was going crazy, she needed them inside her. She started to get up to join them when Ron stopped her. 

"Me first" he said as he grabbed Jim's meat. It was huge. The biggest Ron had ever handled. 

He was hard again in a minute after pumping this rod. 

Wendy moved next to Jim on the couch, she wanted a better view of what would be filling her cunt in a little while. After another minute Jim stopped Ron. 

"I need some pussy" he said voice shaky.

He was enjoying the hand job but suddenly felt funny. He suggested they go to the bedroom and the king-size bed to finish this up. The others agreed and they walked to the bedroom. 

Wendy stopped them in the doorway. Ron was first, her in the middle followed by Jim. 

She grabbed Ron by the arm and pulled him to her. She licked his lips before pushing her tongue in. Her back was to Jim and he kissed her neck and shoulder blades as his cock rested on her ass. 

She turned and took Jim's tongue in her mouth and Ron kissed her back. He knelt down and licked her ass as she kissed Jim passionately, stopping only when Ron's tongue brushed her asshole. 

She threw back her head and moaned as Ron rimmed her ass. Jim kissed her neck and ran his tongue up and down her neck. 

Ron spread her ass with on hand and cupped her cunt with the other. Flicking his tongue around her asshole and darting it in and out. Wendy grabbed Jim's cock with both hands and started to stroke it. 

Jim put his hands up onto the doorsill and let her stroke his rod.

Ron reached over and cupped Jim's balls, which made him jump. Then he closed his eyes and took in this new experience. He couldn't believe this was happening and he wanted more. He grabbed Wendy and kissed her again then told Ron to get up and go to the foot of the bed. 

Kissing her as he walked her backwards to the bed until she fell on top of it. She sat there and looked back and forth at their hard cocks. She bit her lip and took one in each hand. Stroking then as she eagerly waited for what was to follow. 

The guys moved closer as she jerked their cocks. They looked at each and raised their eyebrows, each with big smile on their face. 

Jim huge cock was in her right hand, she could barely get her hand around it. Ron's fit nicely in her left hand. She looked up at the guys, both were staring at her. 

Jim put his hand through her hair, he did it several times before stopping once and pulling her head to his cock. 

She darted her tongue around the head, then licked the length of his shaft. She opened her mouth and took the head in. 

Jim's dick was long and thick but had an average sized head.

She took some in her mouth the turned to Ron. His cock had a big mushroom head. She took the head in and sucked, then released it with a pop sound. 

She alternated back and fourth for a few minutes, licking and sucking both dicks. She brought both of them in closer and licked both of their cock heads at once, her tongue between them. 

After a few minutes she stopped and moved to the center of the bed. She turned so she lay across the width of the bed. Wendy got on all fours and told the boys to move to their sides of the bed.

The way she was posed Ron was at her head and Jim her ass. She grabbed Ron's cock and licked the head. 

Jim leaned in and started to lick her ass. He ran his tongue up and down between her ass and pussy. 

Ron fucked her mouth with his cock. Jim ate Wendy's cunt, sucking her lips in his mouth, then licking them, sticking his tongue tip on her clit. 

Ron had turned around so she could lick his ass. He liked getting rim jobs.

Jim straightened up and took his cock rubbing Wendy's cunt before entering. He pushed in his 8 inches, it felt huge to her and she stopped licking Ron as he entered her. 

Ron turned around and watched the action. Jim was fucking Wendy from behind and was about halfway in. She was moaning loud now as his huge cock filled her hole. 

Jim reached around and grabbed a tit then grabbed a nipple and squeezed it as he started to fuck her harder. 

She dropped down to her elbows as Jim's thrusts pushed her forward. Ron stroked his cock as he watched. Wendy's tits were swinging back and forth as Jim was really slamming her now. Ron reached over and squeezed one as her stroked. Wendy had her face buried in the bed as Jim fucked her furiously. She loved it, his huge cock filled her cunt. 

Jim had her by the hips as he fucked her. He removed one hand and licked his finger as he pumped her. Next she felt a finger entering her ass. It was too much for her, she grabbed the sheets as she came. 

Letting out a scream as she did. Jim pulled out and slapped her ass as he moved to the side. He took Wendy and spun her around so she was on her back now facing him. He moved closer and his cock just hovered over her face now. 

Ron dove right into her wet cunt. He lapping it up like a dog. 

Jim held his cock to Wendy's lips as she licked it. She licked up until her nose was touching his balls. She could taste her juices on his cock. She leaned back further so she could take a ball in her mouth. He moaned as she tea bagged him. 

Her juices were running down Ron's chin as he ate her sweet cunt. He had her lips spread and was licking her clit. Then buried his tongue into her cunt. 

Wendy put her head back and opened her mouth. At this angle Jim could fuck her mouth and get most of his dick in. 

Ron had moved up and was putting his cock into her now. He started to fuck her as Jim fucked her mouth. She was getting it from both ends and she loved it.

Jim stopped fucking her mouth and pulled out. He rested his cock on her face as she licked it with her tongue. 

Ron was still pounding her pussy. Wendy told him to stop for a minute. She said she wanted one cock in her ass while the other fucked her pussy. Ron pulled out and stroked his dick. 

Wendy got off the bed and told Jim to lie down. She knew she wanted his cock in her pussy. She got on top and straddled him. Easing all of him in her drenched cunt. 

She rode him for a minute before telling Ron to fuck her ass. He got behind her and pressed the head to her asshole. He had lubed up and it slid in easy. He started to pump her ass as Jim fucked her cunt. She buried her tongue into Jim's mouth. It didn't take long before she came again. 

Ron pulled out and stood next to the bed stroking his cock. 

Wendy got up and her head was spinning. 

Jim got up as well stroking his cock. Both were ready to blow their loads. 

Wendy laid down and told them she would take their loads on her face. They moved in closer pumping faster. 

Wendy waited for their loads, she grabbed her tits and squeezed them. 

Jim shot first, his load going across her face and splattered her tits. His second thrust added to the cum on her face. She had one eye shut jizz keeping it closed, some cum had landed on her lips, which she licked off. 

Jim shook his cock and rubbed her face with it. 

Ron straightened up then tensed shooting his load. He shot for her open mouth and hit the mark. 

Wendy moaned as she pushed the cum out with her tongue letting it run down her cheeks. He shot again hitting the closed eye. Then he also rubbed her face as his cock went limp. 

She was moaning rubbing her face. She loved her protein facial. 

The trio got up and cleaned themselves up. They didn't speak until they were all sitting in the living room. 

"Well that was pretty fucking hot," Jim spoke first. 

They all laughed and drank their beers already planning on doing it again tomorrow night. 

"Maybe I can bring a friend from the club," Wendy said.

"That would be nice", Jim said. 

"I can't wait." Ron replied. 

My first story, please post comments and feedback. Also please feel free to email me. Thank you. I wrote it awhile ago.