 My name is Todd Mitchell, and I'm a man-slut. You could say that I'm addicted to sex, but that would be like saying I'm addicted to air. I merely need sex to live. Sex is what I do, and I do it as often as possible, with as many women as possible. 

You might think that I have some, deep-seated, relationship issues. Probably. It isn't that I don't love and respect women. I do. I adore women, all women, of all shapes and sizes, all races and religions. I am an equal opportunity horndog. When I say adore, I mean it. Sex for me is not just about the physical release that comes with an orgasm. Sex is love and love is my connection to Primal Goodness, the Goddess, the Universe, or whatever you want to call it.

You see, I'm a spiritual sex fanatic.

Contrary to the opinion of some, I do feel emotions, and I do know what love is. In fact, I'm all about love, but in a way that most people, and especially women cannot fathom. I tend to fall deeply and passionately in love with most of the women with whom I have sex. I worship them and treat them all as my one-and-only. When a woman is with me, she knows what it feels like to have someone's undivided attention and caring.

If I have any "problem," it is with commitment. You see, I never stay with any particular woman that long. It's like our love burns so brightly and so hot, that it consumes everything. All too soon, there is nothing left, and it is time to move on. That can take as long as three months or as little as an hour. There are a few, and I mean very few, women with whom I maintain a lasting relationship. I call them my "girls" and I love them all genuinely.

They love me too, in their own way. We keep in touch, and whenever we are both in the same place at the same time, we generally hook up. A few of them are married. Of those, most hide our relationship from their husbands. One of them actually told her husband all about our special connection. He is a very mature and liberal husband. He gave her a hall pass long ago to be with me whenever we can work it out. He doesn't give her the same leeway with anyone else. I'm the only person with whom she is allowed to be intimate.

As far as looks go, I consider myself to be only slightly above average. I'm now in my early forties, with sandy blonde hair that is a bit wavy and long enough for a "man-bun," even though I wouldn't be caught dead with one. I have blue eyes, a deep tan and stay in excellent shape through a combination of running, yoga and clean living. My cock is also above average but far from huge at around 8 inches. It is thick, but not overly so, with a gentle curve upward that helps it glide along the back of the pubic bone, right to the glorious g-spot.

As I said, my looks are slightly above average, but women seem to find me more attractive than my ordinary looks should allow. Many years ago, I discovered why. It is my attitude and demeanor, the way I carry myself and the way I interact. I radiate happiness and confidence. I am not at all arrogant, but some may think so. It is merely that I know the truth and because I know it, I act with confidence.

What truth is it? It is the truth that we are all connected and filled with powerful sexual energy. I feel it flowing and see it glowing inside everyone. I embrace it. I feel connections with people, especially women, very strongly and it brings a sense of familiarity as if I have known a newly met person for years. That familiarity brings confidence, a casualness that allows me to skip over all of the awkwardness and exploratory nervousness one feels when making a new acquaintance. I know women need sex and desire a feeling of connection. I give them the latter to open the door to the former. 

Women feel it. They don't intellectualize it. It is something at an intuitive, emotional and physical level. Some are surprised by it. Some are frightened by it. Almost all are attracted to it. It magically adds a few numbers onto my otherwise so-so looks rating, turning me from perhaps a six into an eight or nine in their eyes.

I said I have challenges with commitment. Perhaps I should elaborate as to why. Telling of it will give you a deeper insight into who I am and how I came to the enlightened truth of my sexual spirituality. 

I was married once, back in my younger days. We met in college and had a passionate love affair. Her name was Carie, and she was my world. I had obtained an undergraduate degree with a major in computer science and a minor in psychology. I was fascinated with the way the human mind worked, and now computers could be adapted to develop a style of cognition. I was completing my MBA, which my father insisted was mandatory. Carie was studying art and had this charming Bohemian studio. She was the most beautiful woman I'd ever seen, and I was immediately smitten. 

I never understood watch she saw in me. I was a surfer with a geeky obsession. I had needed some extra cash as my wealthy father wanted me to have to make my own way. He paid for school, but little else. To eat, I needed to work. My heavy course schedule left little time for a real job, so I had to find unusual ways to make money, that did not take too much time. I gave a lot of blood. I volunteered for medical studies. One job that I did on a whim brought me to Carie. I was a nude model for an art class.

She sketched me on three or four occasions. I noticed her every time. How could I not? The classes always contained a bevy of hot, young college students, but she was in a different category altogether. It was challenging for me each time she was there to focus on remaining still and not getting a boner. I had to concentrate and keep my mind off of her, but I would steal furtive glances here and there.

In one class, she wore this long, peasant skirt covered in Indian designs and patterns and a tight-fitting, midriff-revealing, hemp top. Her perfect breasts were held tightly, forcing them to bulge out at the top, compressing and lifting her cleavage. Her long brown hair was down, with the front lengths on each side pulled back and held behind her head with a leather-and-wood hair clip. She looked like a gypsy Goddess. I found myself distracted and stared at her almost non-stop. She would periodically catch my gaze, and when our eyes met, I felt a spark. I saw her gasp, her pretty lips parting and wondered if she felt it, too.

As the class progressed, I felt my desire for her growing and growing. My reverie was suddenly interrupted when the instructor approached me and whispered in my ear, "Todd, it seems you are getting a little worked up down below."

I snapped out of it and glanced down. My cock was not fully erect but was working on it. It was heavily filled with blood and hung down thickly, semi-erect. I glanced up into the pretty professor's face. She was smiling. "God, I'm sorry, I was kind of daydreaming."

She announced that we would take a five-minute break. I stepped down, stretching my stiffening muscles and covered my crotch with a hand towel.

The professor gently placed a hand on my back and leaned closer. "It's alright. In fact, I have been meaning to ask you, something. Some of the students had asked if you would be willing to pose for something a little more," she paused as if searching for the right word, "provocative."

The room had emptied out. I noticed Carie was the last to leave. She kept glancing over at me as I spoke to the professor. My eyes followed her as Carie walked out, then returned to the professor. She was smiling.

"Her name is Carie," she explained, giving me a knowing look. "She is the one who suggested that I ask you about this. When she mentioned it, all the other girls thought it was a grand idea. You're quite popular with the girls in the class, Todd."

I blushed, feeling awkward. I didn't feel popular at all, so it was a bit of a surprise to hear. She moved her hand to my chest and stroked it softly, then let it slide slowly down my muscled abdomen.

"So, what do you think of my little request?" she asked seductively. I had never thought about it before, but I now realized the professor was pretty damned hot, for a woman in her fifties.

I swallowed nervously, feeling my cock growing more erect under the towel. "Uh," I began, "uhm, what do you mean by provocative?"

She grinned and leaned into me, brushing her lips along my neck to whisper in my ear. Her hand continued lightly scratching its way down my belly.

"We want to see you aroused, Todd. We want to sketch you erect and full of sexual desire."

I felt my face getting hot and knew I had to be bright red. "Uhm, isn't that dangerous? Couldn't we get in trouble?"

Her hand moved under the towel and found my fully erect cock. "Oh, my," she breathed out. The small hairs on my neck bristled. I gasped as she took it in her hand. "I can see you like the idea."

"I-I don't know," I said, struggling with words. I was resisting the idea, but my body was in full agreement.

She pulled the towel out of my hands and tossed it aside. Just then Carie came back in the class. She was looking directly at my hard cock and smiled. I followed her with my gaze as she went to her easel and began to sketch me, looking into my eyes. I felt it again, like a stab in the heart. I saw her breathe in sharply. She bit her bottom lip and nodded her head up and down slowly.

"Ok, I'll do it," I spit out. 

The other students came in and started to work. I heard a few surprised gasps and one "wow" as they saw me. I focused on Carie. The rest of the class passed in relative silence. The professor would guide me with her hands into a series of sexy poses. Each time, the girls would start a new sketch. I had no difficulty being hard and staying that way, even though the class seemed to go on longer than expected.

After about thirty minutes, the professor had me sit on a cushioned box, covered in a large, white fur rug. She placed my hands on the seat next to my legs. She then spread my legs as wide apart as she could get them. My cock stood up hard and dripping pre-cum. I had never felt as exposed or as aroused in my life.

I looked up at Carie. Her eyes were open wide, and she had untied her hemp blouse. Her right breast was exposed, and she was squeezing it, kneading the flesh. I could see her nipple sliding between her fingers. She was breathing hard.

"Now," the professor spoke up, which startled me as things had been so quiet to that point. "we will add a second model, for the advanced sketches."

I looked at her in shock, "What?" I started to ask, but she put a finger to my lips as she smiled down at me.

"Shh," she whispered, "you deserve this for being so helpful today. We all agreed, you shouldn't have to suffer blue balls on our behalf."

I looked around the class. All the girls were smiling, and a few nodded. The professor took my cock in her hand and stroked it. I didn't move, but my eyes darted to Carie. Her top was off, and she was walking toward me. She loosened her skirt and let it fall to the floor as she stepped out of it, completely naked.

The professor whispered in my ear, "Did you fear I was going to ride this beautiful cock? Carie would kill me. Enjoy." She kissed my neck, then gently pulled my head to her long enough to kiss me deeply. She sighed and stepped back.

Carie was in front of me, smiling down at me. She took my cock in her hands and stroked me, slowly dropping to her knees between my legs. I was groaning as she worked my cock slowly, with both of her hands, one going down as the other ran up it to the top. She smeared the pre-cum off and licked it from her fingers, leaving her thick bottom lip wet, her mouth parted slightly. 

She rose up, and I leaned down. Our mouths came together, and we kissed for the first time. I pulled her to me tightly, as our tongues intertwined. We were no longer in a room on public display. We were alone, in our own little world. The kiss went on and on. She tasted divine. My mind drifted in this dreamy state of passion.

I felt something soft and warm on the head of my cock, then I felt this exquisite sensation as her pussy wrapped around my shaft and glided slowly down. Her pussy was tight and gripped me in a spasming mold of warm, wet flesh that moved down slowly, inch by inch. She had to strain to push herself down and around my cock, but she was determined. 

I resisted the urge to thrust up into her and take her, letting her take her time and work my cock in at her own pace. The feeling of her tight, warm pussy clinging to my shaft as she took me deeper and deeper was incredible, and I had to concentrate hard to keep from cumming and spoiling the moment.

She had about three-quarters of the length of my cock inside her when she suddenly grabbed me and cried out. Her body began to shake and started moaning, low and quiet. Her hips were rushing forward and back, making quick, jabbing thrusts. Her voice slowly rose in pitch and volume until it was a loud scream. I felt her pussy spasmodically gripping my cock as a copious amount of warm juices ran out and down my dick and balls.

I nearly came, but something about the way she moved and sounded propelled me forward. Her wild thrusting slowly stopped, and she slumped down on to me as I lay back, pulling her into an embrace. She had managed to get my entire cock embedded in her pussy. Her swollen labia, spread wide, were pressing against the base of my shaft.

She lifted her chest from my head and kissed me, then spoke, her voice like an angel, "That's so much better than a strap-on."

She was going to say something more, but I pressed my feet into the floor and lifted my hips, driving my cock into her harder. She let out a groan and closed her eyes. I started thrusting my cock into her, pulling it out half way then driving it back in again. 

"Oh, yes," she whispered, "do it, please."

I started pumping my hips rapidly, my cock pumping faster and faster. Carie opened her mouth, letting out a continuous "oh" as my dick slammed, piston-like into her. I pushed her shoulders up, and she rotated her body to sit upright, causing my cock to hit her g-spot with each hammer-like thrust. The "oh" became another loud wail. 

I held her beautiful breasts in my hands and squeezed them, feeling her hard nipples pressing into the palms of my hands. I closed my eyes, lost in the feelings of her body and the intensity of our passion. She was bouncing her hips in response to my thrusts, lifting up only to drop back down and meet my cock as it came up. I felt myself hitting bottom with each upstroke.

I felt something soft and warm on my lips and thought she was kissing me. I parted my lips to kiss her back and realized it was a pussy lightly touching me. I opened my eyes. The professor's face smiled down at me between her two ample breasts. I kissed her pussy, sucking on it hard. She lowered down and ground her wetness on my face.

Carie's hands slid around her teacher's body to fondle her large breasts and tease her nipples. I saw her face appear as she was kissing her mentor's shoulder and ear, then the professor turned, and they began openly swirling their tongues around each other. I instantly knew that it was not the first time these two had kissed like this.

I slammed harder into Carie, and she cried out, kissing her teacher more passionately. I found the teacher's large, engorged clit and flicked my tongue against it. Her hips bucked in response and she let out a loud groan. I licked it again, and she pushed down hard against my mouth. I sucked her clit between my lips and began flicking it up and down rapidly. He started to shake, and within seconds, she was cumming. She yelled out, but Carie's mouth muffled her cry.

Carie suddenly held onto her teacher and buried her face in the curve of her neck. She tensed and thrust very jerkily down onto my cock. I drove harder into her feeling her body letting go as she screamed in orgasm. I couldn't hold back, and I slammed up, arching my hips and pushing up onto my toes, holding my dick there, buried in her velvety depths.

Time seemed to suspend for a heartbeat. Then abruptly I cried out, a growling, guttural scream, as my cum erupted out of my cock into her. Shot after shot sprayed inside her tight womb. My entire body wracked with massive spasms. If the teacher hadn't been sitting on my face, I would have thrashed about like a man having a seizure. Instead, I bucked wildly, taking both women for a ride as I came over and over.

I lay there, body spent and energy gone. I felt the teacher get up first. I peered up and could see Carie starting to lift herself off me. My semi-erect cock was thick and pliable. As she pulled away, it stretched, held in her tight vaginal grip. She raised up more. My dick stretched longer and longer until it popped free and fell across my upper thigh. Warm liquid poured out behind it as if a plug had been removed, showering all over my crotch and lower belly. Carie let out a quick gasp as it did.

I tried to catch my breath, then just lay there, legs splayed wide, arms collapsed onto my chest and abdomen, head lolled to the side. I must have dozed off for some time. A woman's soft voice woke me. I opened my eyes and found Carie, entirely dressed again sitting next to me, smiling at me.

"Hi," she said.

My mouth was dry, and It took me a second to respond. "Hi," I managed to get out.

She leaned down and kissed me softly, brushing my hair with her hand. "I'm Carie, nice to meet you," she whispered.

I chuckled, "Nice meeting you, too."

I looked around the studio. It was darker than I remembered. I wondered what time it was. Only one other student was still there, but she was packed up to leave. She smiled at me and waved. I raised my hand in a weak wave as she walked out. The professor, now also dressed sat down on my other side and placed a hand on my chest.

"Ah, you're awake," she said. "I hope that wasn't too much of a shock for you."

I smiled and felt unusually comfortable lying there naked in front of her and Carie. "It was surprising but amazing. Thank you, so much."

There was a brief awkward silence, then Carie spoke softly. "I guess I should explain what just happened," she said.

I stared at her. I thought I knew what had happened, but based on what she said, I must have been missing something.

"Oh, ok," I replied, cautiously.

Carie took a deep breath then let it out slowly. She shared a look with her teacher than started speaking.

"So, I think it's pretty obvious that Tammy and I are more than just teacher and student," Carie explained. I nodded slowly.

"Yeah, I noticed that," I replied, looking back and forth between the two of them.

"This is not exactly a class. It is more of an art club that meets here weekly in Tammy's studio. All the girls in it are our special friends."

"I see," I said. I didn't but, I pretended that I did.

"I met Tammy during my first year here when I took her art class. I'd never really been that into boys in high school, or girls either for that matter. But, when I met Tammy, there was just something special about her."

I could see tears welling up in the edges of Tammy's bottom lids.

"We became lovers and have been ever since. I love her, and she loves me. She taught me so much about art, life, and love."

"I was very happy for a long time. Then one day about a year ago, I was volunteering at the campus blood center, and I saw you there, giving blood. When I saw you, I felt something inside that I'd never felt before. You were gorgeous."

I was shocked. Nobody had ever told me I was good-looking before. To be called gorgeous was difficult to process. I was flattered but also curious. Why would someone as beautiful as Carie be this interested in me?

"I had no idea," I told her.

"I know," she continued, "I didn't say anything. I just watched you from the back. When you left, I asked what your name was. The girl who drew your blood is a friend of mine. She told me who you were and that you were in her Advanced Cognition class."
