 She's not surprised in the slightest by the ringing of the doorbell. The moment she stepped into the bedroom after her evening shower and saw her clothes laid neatly out on the bed, she knew. She knew hubby had invited someone else round. He often chose her clothes if they were hosting a play session. Tonight was clearly going to be kinky...not that she thought sex with other people while her husband watched wasn't kinky, but tonight he'd put out her little plaid skirt, white shirt and long socks - her schoolgirl outfit. She noticed the lack of underwear which just confirmed her suspicions. It wasn't like she needed a bra to keep her pert breasts in place, but he did enjoy her lingerie collection - after 8 years of marriage, that much was obvious as she had a collection that was extensive, and he had selected and bought almost every single one of the sexy pieces - he had exceptional taste. She had an impressive array of panties, suspenders and stockings too, but no panties were put out for her, not even the little frilly crotchless pair she normally wore when they were playing with this particular role-play.

The two hairbands and little bows that matched the skirt were the final accoutrements to the outfit, and as she sat in front of her dressing table putting these finishing touches to her costume, she took a critical look at herself in the large mirror. Long brown wavy hair (she didn't like to think of it as curly) coaxed and cajoled into a sense of temporary order and restrained by the hairbands into two ponytails that just reached past her shoulders, a naturally dark complexion that always made her look healthy even in the depths of winter, a small compact frame but with all the right curves in all the right places, and an agelessness that left people guessing. She took pleasure in the fact that she could pull off the schoolgirl look so effortlessly, even though school was a distant memory for her. They had always had an exciting and varied time in the bedroom, but they had been spicing things up over the last 6 months, pushing boundaries together, which made it all the sexier. She wondered what plans hubby had for the evening, she was usually the one to make any arrangements, but he had been growing more confident in exploring their boundaries, so she was intrigued and excited to see what would happen. As she positioned herself on the bed, her mind wondered about the possibilities and she lost herself in a series of fantasies.

She doesn't get up to answer the doorbell, but remains seated on the foot of the bed, the last item of the outfit left out for her by hubby, now in place: the red silk scarf they use as a blindfold. She hears hubby's footsteps echoing off the wooden floorboards as he strides down the hall to the front door, the door opening and the murmur of a greeting and brief conversation, before the door closes. Suddenly her breathe catches and her heart rate doubles, as she hears two pairs of footsteps make their way up the hallway towards her in the main bedroom. She has no idea who he has invited in, what has been agreed with the mystery guest, or what at all the evening will hold in store for her. There's suddenly a roaring in her ears as she listens to the steady approach of the footsteps, and she almost groans aloud as she feels the butterflies in her stomach swirl then drift downwards until they ignite a warmth within her groin. She knows that was anyone to check, she would be sopping wet already, just as a result of the anticipation.

The footsteps enter the room, and then stop. She sits up straighter, knowing they are looking at her. Her mouth opens slightly as she strains to hear any signs of movement; she doesn't want to jump and scream if she is suddenly touched and she hasn't sensed it coming - that has happened before and she's still embarrassed when she thinks about that night. 

*****

I stand next to her husband and drink in the sight of her, perched on the end of the bed, breath rasping and chest heaving, head tilted slightly as she listens for our movements. The red scarf covering her eyes ruins the outfit slightly, but she looks like the quintessential naughty and slutty schoolgirl, with her white top tied in a knot at her waist and the majority of her shirt buttons undone - offering a wonderful view of her cleavage. Her smooth thighs somehow highlighted by the long socks and short skirt. Her husband seems as captivated by the sight of her as I am, and I wait patiently for him to make the first move, knowing he is enjoying this as much, if not more, than I am. He finally glances over to me, and gives a massive grin, and with a twinkle in his eye, gestures me to follow him as he heads towards her.

We position ourselves either side of her knees and he reaches down and takes an elbow, nodding at me to do the same. We slowly lift her to her feet, and I am again surprised at just how short she is. She doesn't come above either of our chests, but she is so perfectly proportioned and so energetic, that I always forget just how tiny she is. She exudes a primal energy that always makes her seem so much bigger than she really is. He leans in and brushes his lips across her cheek. She reacts by leaning her head towards him as she tries to present her lips for his kiss and I take the opportunity to run my lips across the neck she has just presented me. She stiffens and I realise she's confused. Both hubby and I have a beard and I suspect she is now unsure as to which of us is which. While she remains still, we both continue to kiss and nibble at her neck, face and ears, until with a shudder, she begins to react again. I follow hubby's lead and start letting my hands wander all over her body, caressing and stroking her through her clothes. It doesn't take long before the few buttons that were in use are undone and her shirt sighs to the floor. Hubby and I each suck a nipple into our mouths, causing her to arch her back and moan loudly - the first noise she's made since we entered the bedroom. As we suck on her erect nipples, I slide a hand over her butt, finding the end of the skirt, and travelling back upwards under the cover of tartan fabric. I'm thrilled to find no hint of underwear as I caress and knead her buttocks.

Her skirt follows shortly thereafter and she's standing before us in knee-high socks and bows in her hair, and she looks breathtakingly hot. Hubby straightens up, takes both of her hands and places them on my shirt. She takes the hint and unbuttons my shirt in record time, helping it off my shoulders where it joins the growing pile of clothes. She runs her hands down my chest and stomach until she reaches my belt, which she immediately begins to work loose. I notice that hubby has stepped back and is watching appreciatively with a little smile turning up the corners of his mouth. My focus is brought back to what she is doing at the sensation of my zip being pulled down and she sinks to her knees as she works my jeans down my legs. She reaches up and grabs my boxers in two hands and yanks them down to my ankles in one swift movement. I lean down to step out of my pants as her hands start travelling slowly up my legs. I catch her hands as they travel up my thighs and force them over to place them on her husbands' waist as he has already removed his shirt. I finish removing my clothes as I watch her strip him down and enjoy the sight of his cock springing loose of his underwear just in front of her face as she removes the last of his clothing. I'm not sure if he's taking a cue from me, but he steps out of her reach as her hands try to slide up his legs too. He stands right next to me as we look down at her kneeling before us, her breathing still rapid and her mouth invitingly open.

I notice that he is looking at my cock, somewhat sheepishly. I know from conversations I've been involved in, that they have been talking about trying some homo-erotic play, but hubby and I did not discuss anything in this regard, when discussing tonight's' activities. I see his cock jerking upright in increments and am suddenly eager to help them explore, acknowledging to myself that in this regard, I'm not that much more experienced than they are. However, having overcome the mental hurdle to touching another man many months previously, I figure I'm more comfortable with the actual action than he will be. We make eye contact and I raise my eyebrows questioningly before nodding towards his impressive erection. He nods ever so slightly almost hesitantly, and seems transfixed as I slowly bring my arm across in front of him and gently grasp his pulsing cock. He seems to shiver from head to toe, but his expression never changes and his eyes never leave the sight of my hand grasping his penis. His wife has taken our brief lapse in attention, to locate his leg and brought her face towards his crotch. She opens her mouth wider, just centimeters from where I'm holding his cock, and her tongue slithers out, searching for something to lick. I move his cock towards her questing tongue and he moans loudly as I place the head of his cock on to her tongue and she instantly begins stimulating him with it. I enjoy the sensation of moving his penis around her tongue and mouth as he moans repeatedly.

He eventually tears his eyes away from the sight of me feeding his cock to his eager wife, and looks uncertainly at my straining cock. He looks at me for permission which I grant with a shrug of the shoulders and a quick nod and he slowly, almost hesitantly reaches over to take my cock in his hand. He carefully takes hold of me and squeezes gently, experimenting with the sensation of holding another man's cock. He moans loudly as he fondles me, and I'm not even sure he is aware that he has made a sound. He uses his other hand to grab a ponytail and guides her head over to my crotch and proceeds to feed another man's cock to his eager wife. This time she sucks the cock into her mouth and I also begin to moan. Some sixth sense seems to kick in, or she can no longer control her curiosity about the unknown visitor, because, without warning, she reaches up and removes her blindfold.

It takes a few seconds for her eyes to adjust, but she hasn't stopped working my cock skillfully with her mouth, assisted by her husbands' firm grip on a ponytail, and his increasingly strong grip on my penis. Her eyes seem to take an age to travel the tangle of limbs and body parts till her eyes widen as she realises it's her husband's hand on the strange cock in her mouth. She looks up at him and moans throatily as if she's about to orgasm whilst the two of them maintain a deep eye contact, communicating volumes without speaking a word, as some married couples seem to do. As if by some unseen signal, she release my cock, and moves over to begin paying attention to the impressive member that I am holding in my hand. I automatically grab her other ponytail and begin working her head on his cock, whilst he starts working is hand back and forth on my now slippery shaft. 

His head tilts back as I work his long thick shaft in my fist while his wife lavishes his glistening head with a combination of licking and sucking. His hips start trusting forward as he loses himself in the sensations. I release her ponytail and bend over slightly so as to be able to reach her nearest nipple, bouncing so invitingly. I grasp it between thumb and forefinger and squeeze progressively harder till I see her eyes close in ecstasy. I keep the pressure constant at that level, and begin working the nipple by twisting back and forth and tugging it upwards. She moans beautifully almost identically to the noise her husband has been making for a while. I'm still working his cock with my hand when she seems to spit it out and moves past my pumping fist and sucks both of his balls into her mouth. Her forehead pushes my hand and his cock upwards, whilst her nipple pulls me downwards slightly. This has the result of presenting his swollen penis within a few centimetres of my face. I admire his cock from close up for a moment before almost unconsciously opening my mouth and moving the few inches closer to enable his cock to slide across my tongue into my mouth.

I marvel at the heat that his smooth cock-head emits in my mouth and moan loudly as I feel it throb against my tongue and cheeks as I repeatedly suck on it. I explore the smoothness, and let my tongue trace the contours whilst I continue to pump his shaft in one hand and tease her nipple in the other. I enjoy the sensation of playing with his foreskin with my tongue, running my tongue between his skin and head. I realise that the other two people have gone quiet and I open my eyes to see what's happening. I see her big eyes first just a few inches in front of me. She's stopped lavishing her husband's balls with attention and is kneeling there watching me wank him in my mouth with a wide-eyed look of wonder on her face. She seems mesmerised by the sight of his familiar cock sliding in and out of an unfamiliar mouth...maybe it's because this particular mouth is surrounded by a thick and bushy beard. She tears her eyes away from my mouth, and makes eye contact for an age, before her face breaks into a massive grin with a healthy dose of lust in the expression. We both look upwards and see a bearded face looking down at us, displaying a remarkably similar lustful grin. He laughs out loud and we both jump from the sound, which seems to break the spell we were under. We both join in and laugh with him for a moment before simultaneously returning to worshiping his cock and balls.

I kneel down next to her and we begin working as a team, sliding our tongues up and down his shaft, circling his head, licking and sucking his balls and kissing each other around his cock. I feel his hand in my hair as I take his cock in my mouth and feel the gentle pressure on the back of my head as he moves his hips forward, pushing his cock deeper into my mouth. I gag slightly as his smooth head touches the back of my throat and as his cock retreats, I'm rewarded with the slightly sweet taste of his precum on my tongue. I work his little slit with my tongue whilst sucking harder and enjoy the sensation of more precum in my mouth as a result.

I feel her shifting positions as his cock withdraws from my mouth. I look down and she's rolled around so that she is sitting down below her husband with her legs positioned either side of me and she is slowly sucking his balls into her mouth, and as I watch she spits them out and trails her tongue across his perineum and up to his ass. I sit back on my haunches and watch his body quiver as she proceeds to give him what appears to be a bloody good rimming. I sit back and watch his reactions but am eventually distracted by the sight of a stringy glob of her saliva slowly elongating as it drips off of his balls and falls onto her nipple. I lean forward and lick it up, taking my time as I suck and bite her now pert nipple. I move over to the other breast and work that nipple over with my mouth and teeth whilst pinching and pulling on the first one. She moans as I work my mouth and tongue slowly down her body till I'm lying on the floor so that I can lick all around her pussy without actually touching it. She begins jerking her hips around in the hopes of forcing my tongue to make contact with her clit or lips, but I ensure that I retreat each time to tease her. She holds still for a moment and I take the opportunity to lick firmly up her folds and to suck in her clit. She bucks and moans, her face still firmly planted in his ass, as her body begins to shake uncontrollably. I feel her cumming on my tongue, her body spasming and she screams loudly as her face finally emerges from his butt.

I look up over her mound and make eye contact with her husband who is flushed red in the face and seems a little dazed. He smiles as he takes a step backwards and sinks down onto the dressing table seat whilst I continue to lap at her quivering pussy. She quickly peaks again as I continue to alternate flicking her clit with the tip of my tongue, and sucking on it with increasing pressure. I slip a finger inside her sopping wet pussy, curving it upwards to apply pressure to the spongy area of her g-spot and she writhes with pleasure as she cums again, making enough noise for me to wonder about the neighbours. I watch her body quiver with the aftershocks of her orgasm, thoroughly enjoying the sight of her breasts jiggling as I occasionally lightly flick her clit again with a finger, causing her to quiver again. I'm aware of her husband moving slightly and then my attention is drawn to a condom held out in front of my face.

As I look up at him he says in a husky lust-filled voice "I think it's time you fucked my wife properly".

I take the condom from him, kneel up and tear the wrapper open, whilst watching my cock bob about between her legs, just inches away from her glistening pussy. I pump my cock in my hand a few times, and then apply the condom, only then noticing that she is watching closely, and so is her husband. He is still seated on the stool, just above her head, but is leaning forward to get a good view of proceedings.

I bring my cock forward towards her pussy and put the head of my penis right at her opening. I look up at the two of them, but they are both fixated on the sight of my cock resting between her spread pussy lips, teasing her opening. With a tilt of my hips, I cause my cock to slide up her slit and over her clit, where it then pokes out the top of her folds. She jumps from the contact to her clit and I repeat the action a few times, sliding up and down her folds, teasing her hole then rubbing up against her clit. I stop again with my cock positioned at her hole, and look at her husband. He eventually looks up at me and realises I am waiting for his go ahead. He nods eagerly and watches rapt as I gently apply pressure and feel my cock sliding into her, bit by bit, all the way till my balls are squashed between us, as she lets out a shuddering sigh. I marvel at the tightness of her pussy, how it grips my shaft, seemingly pulling it in deeper. I pause, enjoying the sensation of my cock buried entirely within her and my scrotum warmed by the heat of her body.

I lift her legs up and spread them wide, so I'm gripping the back of her knees as I begin working my cock in and out of her, gradually increasing the speed and ferocity of my thrusts. After a while I push her knees up towards her arms, lifting her butt slightly off the floor and changing the angle, allowing my cock to rub the top and front of her pussy, stimulating the g-spot area again. She wails loudly and I thrust harder, pushing her over the edge again. I feel a warmth spreading over my balls and thighs and realise that she is squirting around my cock, so I keep pounding her, causing the wails to increase and the squirting to continue. She takes some ragged breaths between wails as I continue to focus on stimulating her and enjoying the ongoing sensation of her juices splashing against me. I suddenly pull my cock all the way out and taking it in one hand, begin to working it rapidly up and down her slit, flicking her clit and rubbing her opening at each end of the arc. She screams loudly, throwing her head back, arching her body and her juices are suddenly being sprayed all over us by my rapidly moving cock. As her scream subsides, I lean back on my heels and admire the sight of her curvaceous tanned body, splashes wet with her own fluids, and notice her husband seated above her, working his cock in his hand, just above her face, his face equally flushed with lust and excitement.

She eventually opens her eyes and notices his hand blurring above her as he works his cock vigorously. She rolls over and kneels up, positioning her face right in front of his cock and presenting me with the fantastic sight of her arse and pussy from behind. He stands up and begins to feed his cock to her whist gripping both her ponytails and after a moment of appreciating the sight, I rise up and enter her swollen pussy from behind. I lose my self in the sensation of fucking her whilst grabbing fistfuls of her gorgeous butt cheeks, thrusting harder and faster until I'm pounding her with everything I have.
