 All persons described are over the age of eighteen years. 

Thank you for reading. As you will note, I am still developing my writing style, so would welcome feedback. 

-

The shock caused me to cough, choking on the mouthful of coffee I had just taken. Incredulous, I swung around and stared at him. 

"Sorry, what did you just say?"

Admittedly, I had zoned out of the conversation a little more than I should have, but the statement I thought I heard leave his lips was not one that I expected to hear over breakfast. 

Josh looked back at me, smirking -- and fully aware he had shocked me out of my reverie. 

"I said she likes big boobs" he said coolly, taking a mouthful of coffee and smiling at me innocently. 

I stared at him, mouth agape, not all sure of where to go with that. 

"Liz?" I asked, still in a state of disbelief. 

He nodded at me, laughing. "Yes, Liz". 

We were close friends and I knew his girlfriend. She was a lovely girl but came across somewhat uptight when it came to sex. I just wasn't buying it. 

* * *

Saturday evening in our favourite Mexican restaurant, you and I were seated across from Josh and Liz. As I sipped my margarita, I watched Liz curiously out of the corner of my eye. There had always been chemistry between he and I -- but we were friends, and there was mutual understanding that it would go no further. However, I couldn't get our previous conversation out of my head. Josh was off limits for me, but his girlfriend ... she was cute, and I was curious. 

Drinks flowed throughout the night, and we all relaxed, pleased for the downtime after a long week. While topics of conversation changed fluidly and were widely varied, from work (ugh) and motorbikes to pets (who doesn't love dogs!) and fitness (I had just taken up new classes which, much to everyone's amusement, were taking a toll), anytime the conversation approached the slightest mention of sex, I watched Liz's cheeks flush as she subtly steered the conversation back to a more appropriate topic. 

However, I was still curious as to the truth of Josh's bold statement; while Liz's sweet attitude lent me to suspect it was not entirely true, I hadn't missed her frequent glances to my milky DD cleavage throughout the evening. My choice of a rust brown dress, low cut to show of the black lace of my favourite bra, was not designed to provoke anyone but you; however, I was happy to take the happy coincidence as a test of the veracity of Josh's claim. 

I turned to you and lay a soft hand on your arm as you finished your discussion with Josh about exhaust systems for your bikes. As Luke finished talking, you turned your face to me slightly, allowing me to quietly murmur in your ear. 

"Ask them back to our place for a drink after?" I asked sweetly, as I kissed your cheek. 

You pulled back a little to look at me, narrowing your eyes. 

You glanced at Josh and Liz to see them engaged in conversation as you asked, "Jessica, what are you up to?"

I smiled, innocently. "Please Pete, trust me on this." 

You regarded me, suspiciously, noticing the approaching water and you nodded, kissing me swiftly. "Ok, but I want an explanation." 

The waiter deposited the bill at our table, accepting your card for payment. 

"So," you asked, turning to the couple sitting opposite us, "who wants to continue this party at home?"

* * * 

I slid in the passenger seat next to you as the engine of your ute roared to life. 

"Spill, Jessica" you demanded sternly as you swung out of the driveway, watching the rear view mirror to check that Josh and Liz's car was following us. 

I kept my face forward, hoping that the glare of the red taillights in front of us would hide my blush as I started to explain. 

"You remember I had breakfast with Josh during the week?" I started. "Well, he told me something about Liz, and I'd like to explore it a little..."

"Yes..." you answered, slowly. "What did he tell you?"

At this, my cheeks flamed a hot red with a combination of embarrassment and anticipation. 

"He told me that she likes big boobs."

Your eyes left the road briefly as you glanced over at me, clearly surprised -- then you smirked at me and innocently questioned, "and?"

I stared at you, shocked that the question was necessary; the cheeky smirk that met my smile made me realise that I was really in trouble. 

"And she's been looking at mine all night," I responded, slowly, hoping that would satisfy your questioning. 

You nodded, seeming perfectly rational. "In that case, she's already had a good eyeful," you said with an appreciative glance at my chest, "so, why invite them home?" 

The innocent tone of your voice was one usually used by me, not you; so, I knew very well that, despite already knowing what my answer was, you were going to make me say it. 

Thankfully, we were pulling into our street as you asked, giving me some hope that I might be granted a reprieve from your questioning. 

"You already know," I answered, pleading, "please don't make me say it".

Nearing our home, the look in your eyes hardened. "Tell me, Jessica. Why did you want me to ask them to our home?"

My blush deepened, my cheeks flaming red. "I want to see how much she likes them. I want to give her the opportunity to do more than look" I answered, a bolt of excitement running through me at the thought, wetting my panties. 

"Well", you answered, with a cheeky grin as you pulled into our driveway, "let's see what the night holds."

* * * 

I passed Liz a glass of wine as I settled on the couch beside her, a leg tucked under me. You and Josh were comfortable lounging in the chairs opposite us, a beer in hand as the conversation turned back to motorbikes. 

Zoning out of the conversation somewhat, the effect of the wine started to wash over me as a warm fuzzy feeling rolled through me. My head dropped to Liz's shoulder as I listened to the conversation, giving her a direct line of sight of my cleavage down my dress. 

Feeling your eyes on me, I looked over to you. I was met with a cheeky wink, confirming my suspicions that Liz was enjoying the view. 

I drained the contents of my glass, rising to fill another as I asked everyone whether they wanted another drink. You and Josh each asked for another beer, and Liz just nodded at me. 

"Another wine?" I asked her.

She smiled at my shyly, answering "surprise me". 

I grinned at her before taking the empty glasses to the kitchen. I grabbed a couple of beers for you boys and poured myself another wine as I considered what to get Liz. I finally settled on one of my favourite cocktails, a fruit tingle, setting about making it as I listened to the conversation from the living room. 

Returning to the room, I handed you and Josh your beers. I felt your hand on the back of my thigh and kissed you swiftly before I returned to the couch. I settled next to Liz again, handing her the drink. I leaned into her, returning my head once again on her shoulder as I sipped my wine. Watching her take a sip of the cocktail, I suddenly realised I had made it my usual strength -- not something that other people were necessarily used to. 

"Is it ok?" I asked her, motioning to the drink. 

She smiled at me and nodded, asking "would you like a taste?"

I thanked her as I leaned closer, intending to take a sip from her glass; however, she pulled it back a little, forcing me to move closer still. 

I was surprised at her making me move closer to her -- and decided to up the ante a little. 

With the drink suddenly out of reach, I turned my attention to an alternative method of tasting it. My face close to Liz's, I heard her breathing fasten, meeting the question in my eyes with a shy nod as her face flushed red. I leaned in a little closer, my mouth meeting hers with a soft shy kiss, tasting a hint of the cocktail on her lips. 

I pulled back, wanting to make sure that Liz was ok with what was happening. As I searched her eyes for any hint of hesitation, I could only see desire alight. 

Taking her obvious want as a green light, I pressed my lips to hers again, slower and more insistent this time, feeling her spread her lips a little, kissing me back as her body started to respond. Her tongue grazed my lips as I moved closer to her, lifting my leg to straddle her, settling down with my breasts pressed against hers. My hands lifted to her face, one holding her neck as I deepened the kiss, the other tangled in her hair. Her hands on my waist lifted to cup my breasts over my dress and I could feel her breath catch as she finally felt the object of her attention all night. Feeling a bolt of arousal flash through my body as her fingers grazed my nipples through the dress, a deep moan escaped my lips as my head fell back. 

My eyes snapped open and Liz's lips lifted from me as we heard your cough behind us, suddenly remembering that you were in the room. I turned around and Liz and I both looked at you and Josh, somewhat guiltily. I focused on you, meeting your eyes as you winked at me, giving me permission to continue. I turned back to Liz and assumed that Josh's response had been similarly enthusiastic as her lips returned to mine, kissing me softly. I tugged at the tie at my waist, undoing my dress and pulling it open, letting it fall from my shoulders to reveal my black lace bra and panties. Liz lifted her lips from mine to focus on my dress as it fell open, her eyes drinking in the sight, the black lace encasing my breasts a stark contrast against my milky white skin. I leaned toward her, pressing them against her firmly, hearing a soft moan escape her lips as I lifted her palm and pressed it to cup my breast. She lowered her lips to me, rolling my nipples between her fingers as she kissed my large firm breasts. 

I lifted myself off Liz, pulling her top with me as I rose to expose her own breasts. My hands gently on her shoulders encouraging her to lay back on the couch, she eagerly complied and smiled at my shyly as I knelt between her legs, her hands reaching eagerly to pull me back to her. I slowed things down a little, kissing her sweetly before moving south. A moan escaped her as my lips found the tender flesh of her neck, her collarbone, her breasts. As my fingers found the button of her jeans and slid the zipper down, my mouth found her nipple, sucking and licking it as I heard her moan quietly, before biting it softly. The feeling of my teeth on her caused a sharp gasp from Liz, as I looked up at her, I saw her big blue eyes looking back at me in surprise. I smiled at her as she nodded that I could continue; I turned my attention back to the sexy curvy body beneath me. My hands skimmed her curves as I continued my attention to her breasts and kisses scattered over her stomach, teasing the edge of her panties as I slid her jeans down and off. 

Looking over to you and Josh as I knelt between Liz's thighs, I saw you both watching us intently. Sometime while we had been exploring each other's bodies, you had each slid your pants down and were stroking yourselves while watching us. A thrill rushed through me as I returned my attention to the beautiful girl below me, my mouth sucking and kissing the tender flesh above her panty line, as my finger grazed her clit through the flimsy material. My fingers hooked under the band of her panties, pulling them down slowly to reveal a smooth juicy pussy. My mouth teased around her slit, kissing softly until I could hear a soft, panted "please" escape Liz's lips. 

I reached my tongue to her pretty pink pussy, the tip gently stroking her clit as I looked up at Liz, meeting her eyes as I enjoyed her taste. Forcing my eyes away from my beautiful friend, I drew my attention to the delicious wet pussy below me. I buried my face between her thighs, licking and sucking her clit, enjoying the shivers I could feel rolling through her body as she gasped and moaned under my ministrations. Feeling her hand on the back of my head, she held my mouth in place on her pussy as her fingers tangled in my hair. I could hear Liz panting and could feel her shuddering with desire, as I slid one finger into her tight wet pussy, my mouth sucking her clit. I moved back up her body, my mouth on her breasts, neck and lips, letting her taste herself. 

"I love your taste, Liz" I murmured, punctuating my sentence with kisses, "but I need Pete inside me." 

She giggled softly in response, kissing me back. She nodded, answering with a blush, "I need Josh too."

I smiled and rose from the couch, offering a hand to pull her up. Wrapping my arms around her for a final sweet kiss, I moved my attention to you. 

I had been so focussed on Liz this evening, I hadn't noticed the dark hunger growing in your eyes. 

"Come here, Jessica," you commanded sternly, sitting back on your chair. Looking over to Liz, I saw her nestled on Josh's lap, kissing him gently. 

"Jessica." 

The firm tone in your voice startled me, as I drew my attention back to you. 

"Yes?" I asked, nervously. 

"Come here."

I moved to you, standing in front of you nervously, very aware that you would likely notice the darkened spot on my panties, evidence of my wetness. 

You reached your hands out to me, holding my hips as you drew me closer, making me spread my thighs to straddle you. Settling down onto your lap, I could feel your hard cock through the wet fabric of my panties, pressed against my pussy. Your lips met mine in a fierce kiss, forcing my lips open, tasting Liz's sweet pussy on my lips. 

I ground against you, so turned on and needing to feel you inside me. 

"Please," I murmured, begging you quietly so that Josh and Liz wouldn't hear. 

You smiled at me, evilly, asking "Please what?"

"I need you inside me, please," I begged, desperate to feel you. 

Your firm hands at my hips lifted me slightly, positioning me above you, poised to take you inside my slick wet pussy. 

I started to lower myself, but stopped as you told me, "no". I whimpered, desperate for you, and looked back at you, startled. 

"Ask me properly, Jessica," you commanded. 

I flushed and looked over to Josh and Liz, wanting to ensure that they wouldn't hear me. Thankfully, they were engrossed in each other. 

"Please sir, I need you inside me," I quietly begged, meeting your eyes. 

You smirked, your fingers digging into my hips as you pulled me down, forcing a sharp gasp from me as your hard, thick cock slid inside my wet pussy as I was firmly pulled to your lap. 

As you filled me completely, I couldn't stop the deep, guttural moan that escaped me. I began to grind my hips to you, enjoying the feeling of your cock inside me. I kissed you sensuously as I began to rotate my hips in a small, slow circle. My head fell back as I closed my eyes, enjoying the sensations, exposing the tender flesh of my neck to your lips. 

You sucked and nibbled at my neck as I began to ride you, slowly bouncing up and down on your cock, feeling it slide almost all the way out of my pussy before I thrust myself back down again. I was completely filled each time I lowered myself, the growing arousal making me want more and more as our rhythm increased. Riding you harder, faster, my breasts were pressed firmly against your chest, a gasp escaping me each time you filled me. My orgasm building, I was sure we were each only a moment away from losing ourselves in pleasure. I was completely focused on your delicious cock filling me -- until you decided to distract me with a question. 

"Jessica," you began, with a smirk, as I continued to grind against you, focussed on my impending orgasm. 

Watching you nervously, unsure of what was happening, I could see behind your eyes that a plan was forming. You knew me well, knew my deepest secrets and naughtiest desires. I trusted you completely, but I was uncertain of what you were thinking. 

Your eyes flickered over to Josh and Liz, who it appeared were finished and casually watching us. You met Josh's eyes and then looked back at me. 

"Be honest with me. Are you attracted to Josh?" you asked quietly, so they couldn't hear, watching me carefully. 

I blushed a deep red as I answered, "he's handsome, but I don't need him like I need you."

You smiled. "That's not what I asked. Let me put it this way. Would you like to taste him?"

I looked at you, surprised. You knew how much I loved a mouthful but taking my friend in my mouth while you watched seemed a little bit too much...especially when I was perfectly satisfied with the man presently inside me. 

You noticed my confusion and laughed. "I'm not suggesting that we stop so you can have a mouthful. I'm asking if, right now, you would like him to come over here so you can taste him while you keep riding me?"

A shiver of anticipation rolled through my body at the thought. Not only did you know my deepest, naughtiest desires, but you were now offering to make one of them a reality. I loved giving a man head. It had always been a fantasy to have a cock in my mouth while I was being fucked but, to date, we'd had to satisfy that desire with toys. 

I looked over at Josh and Liz, considering your question. I met Josh's eyes and a shiver rushed through me again. You chuckled softly, taking the feeling of my pussy clenching around you as all the evidence you needed of just how much I would love what you had suggested. 

"Ask for it," you commanded. 

I knew Josh would let me, so it was not him who I needed permission from. I met Liz's eyes, slightly embarrassed by what I was about to ask for.

"Can I please suck Josh's cock?" I asked, blushing a deep red.

Josh's eyes went wide; I knew Liz was not a fan of giving head, and he knew just how much I loved it -- so, if she agreed, this would be a rare treat. 

She smiled at me and answered, "I've had the enjoyment of your mouth tonight, so I don't see how I can deny him the same."

Josh stood and moved to stand next to you, his cock hardening anticipating my touch. 

As I continued to move up and down on you, fucking you with a steady rhythm, my pussy clenched around you as I asked him, "can I please suck your cock?"

Josh looked down to meet my big brown eyes silently begging him as he nodded. 

I reached a hand out to him, grasping his ass I pulled him closer to me. I opened my mouth to lick him, unable to believe that my fantasy was coming true. 

My lips stretched around him, taking him as deep in my mouth as I was able. A sudden sense of fullness struck me, as both my pussy and mouth were stuffed full. 

Josh's hand tangled in my hair, guiding my mouth up and down his cock as you held my hips, your fingers digging in, guiding me up and down on your cock, bouncing me harder and faster. The sensations forced a moan from me, my throat vibrating around Josh's cock, forcing a deep groan from him as he thrust his hips forward. He forced himself deeper down my throat, letting me worshipped his cock as you fucked me. 

The intense pleasure I was feeling and the sensations of being so incredibly full began to overwhelm me, as I felt myself teetering on the edge of orgasm. 

One hand grasping your shoulder as you continued to pound me, I looked over at you with my mouth full and attempted to ask for your permission to cum, knowing that my words were distorted by the cock filling my mouth. 

Begging "please" as I looked at you, I knew that you could see the desperate pleading in my eyes. You looked back at me as I continued to beg with muffled pleas, watching me struggle to control myself. 

As I reached the edge of my orgasm, you commanded "cum". 

The muscles in my throat and pussy simultaneously constricted as I let out a loud cry, muffled by Josh's cock. My body exploded in orgasm, my juices gushing onto your cock as I lost ability to focus on anything other than your cocks inside me and the blissful sensations rolling through my body. 
