 I was in a bar consuming drinks at an alarming rate, I took another sip of my vodka and smiled. A guy was making an effort to chat me up. He was way too intoxicated, he was failing miserably. I feared he would either pass out or be unable to acquire an erection. I was barely taking notice of his drunken drive when I felt a hand on my shoulder.

"You know you're a cutie, I bet you're awesome in bed." he said turning me around to face him.

'Well, at least he can stand,' I thought to myself. The bar was loud, it was very loud and dark and electricity crackled in the air. It was full of ex-students branching out in the world for the first time, exploring themselves and their new-found independence. This one is all mine. We danced for a while on the crowded dance floor. His arms were wrapped around me with his hand cupping my right breast. He smiled when he realized I wasn't wearing a bra, and then he tightened his grasp on my breast and pulled me close to his body. I could feel his hard cock pressing against my ass.

"I hope your stamina is as big as that cock," I said turning to face him.

"Want to find out cutie?" He said as his hand gripped my chin. I knew he was a married man with the gold ring on his finger. Before I could answer him, he planted a kiss, fully on my lips, his tongue parting my lips and began to tongue kiss me. His other hand was roaming under my skirt and his fingers found their way inside my panties, "Yes, I wear panties.'' I find it more of a turn on than going pantie-less,"Would you like me to give you a blow-job?" I whispered in his ear.

He laughed as I grabbed a hold of his cock through his pants. Feeling it grow within my grasp. As I waited for his answer, he looped his finger around my panties and pulled them to one side.

"I want to stick my cock, right there, cutie!!" He said with a glint in his eyes.

"Why don't we find somewhere more private," he said, wrapping his arm around my waist.

OK, if you wish." The only private place in this club, was where the druggies and dealers hang out, they aren't going to complain about two people hooking up for some sexy fun.

" Hey, would you like me to dance for you?" I said as I pushed him down on a chair, then I straggling his lap.

"Are we allowed to touch?"

"It's fucking impossible to lap dance without touching," I said, putting my arms around his neck, kissed him.

"Are we drawing the line at fucking?" he asked.

"You ask a lot of questions, for a guy who's had his hand inside my knickers?"

"I was laying out the ground rules!"

"You can unbutton my blouse, how's that for ground rules!" I said, holding my arms out wide, while looking at my breasts.

I gyrated my hips on his lap, then lifted myself off his lap and pushed my cleavage into his face. I wasn't the buttons on my blouse his eyes were fixed upon. I could feel his hot breath on my breasts, as he fumbled with my buttons. I was otherwise occupied freeing his cock from his jeans. 

I lifted myself up slightly to allow his hard cock to enter my wanting cunt. It felt so warm as it slipped between my vagina lips. I almost climaxed as I gyrated my ass on his member. I could feel his rock hard cock was already about to explode inside me. I pulled myself off his cock at the last minute. He had a firm grip on my breast, as his ejaculation covered his pants.

I then sat back down on his lap and rubbed myself, cleaning myself on his pants. I kissed him on the lips, and then I ran the tip of my tongue across his cheek, and then sucked on his earlobe. "However are you going to explain that to your wife? Would you like to come to my apartment to clean yourself up?"

We went back to my apartment. My roomie was engrossed in a porno on the TV. Out of the corner of my eyes, I could see his arousal. He was long and hard, and ready to fuck. I gulped and walked over to the couch where he was sitting. Ricky is a great guy we fuck a lot. He has always known I am up for a fuck, so I leap on top of him, pushing him back on the couch. He quickly rolled me over, I felt his tongue being forced into my panties, I moaned as he rubbed his tongue against my vagina. It wasn't a ravishing tongue, but rather a somewhat loving tongue, as if it was admiring my wetness. He looked at me as he licked me. I was hypnotized by his eyes. They were a luminescent ocean blue, with some highlights of fire.

His tongue was pushing into me really hard. I let out a loud moan when it touched my clit. I continued to look at him. His hand moves down to my vagina and parted its lips. He was admiring my cunt with his tongue, then it was slowly sliding into me, but he suddenly stopped. He pulled his tongue out of me, and just rubbed it on the outside, which was still sufficient to make me moan with excitement.

"You fucking eat me so good Ricky, "Oh fuck, fuck me with that monster cock, please!?!" Ricky's cock was now a hard fuck rod. I reached my hand down and led his cock to my love hole, taking the time to rub the head up and down the length of my slit. It slid into my wet cunt with ease.

I wiggled my ass, so his cock would hit all the right spots, then I clenched my cunt muscles gripping his cock like a vise, as I had my first orgasm. Then he pounded me with his cock, thrust after thrust till his breathing began to get erratic. I was moaning louder and louder with each plunge of his cock.

"Oh Ricky, fuck me harder," I moaned, I need this so fucking bad! Ricky continued to pound away at my wanting cunt, driven on by loud screams of my ecstasy.

Ricky had now lost control over his cock, and was now battering my cunt into submission. I wrapped my legs around his back, trying to force his cock deeper into me. All my life! A slut and I couldn't help it, because once I get turned on, I like to be fucked, how I want to. My sexual hunger takes over, and I do whatever it takes to attain the most explosive orgasm possible! My cunt muscles have tried in vain to hold on to the pounding piston that was fucking me, so wonderful, but to no avail, and as a huge orgasm was building inside me.

"Yes!" I hissed through gritted teeth, I was cumming! I could feel Ricky's balls tighten up and contract, then it sent a torrent of cum hurtling into my cunt.

"YESSSS!" He strained to get the last bit of pleasure from the union of our sex organs, until Ricky finally collapsed on top of me, gasping and trying to regain his breath.

I felt a hand run down my cheek, drawing my attention, Without warning his hand grab me by my arm, pulling me off Ricky's cock, then he threw me onto the bed, making me squeal.

His eyes looked like they were on fire. He wanted to ravish my body. He climbed on top of me and reached and grabbed my neck. "I want to fuck you so bad Carla,"

"Yes, I know," I said.

His fingers burrowed into my cunt. He was thrilling me with his roughness. His groans grew as his thrusts started getting harder and faster. He let go of my neck, and strained, as he pushed for his orgasm. There, was a determination written across his face. Then he let out a loud growl, his cock pumping inside of me a second later. I clamped my fingernails into his ass and pushed my pelvis up, my orgasm was coming too, it was strong, and wild.

He remained still for a few moments before he yanked his cock out of me, realizing Ricky was watching us fuck, he grabbed a towel, seemingly concerned that Ricky was openly gaping at his cock, which was jutting out of his towel. I tried to refrain from smiling, but it didn't work, I burst out laughing.

I loved this. I could see he was still aroused. Then in a flash his cock was in my mouth, I quickly devoured it sucking his entire cock down my throat. I started to deep throat him, I was still giggling, and this excited him all the more. The combination of me sucking hard on his cock, and my giggling, quickly had him blowing his entire load of cum down my throat. I swallowed all of it, sucking harder to get the last drop. When he pulled his cock out of my mouth, I licked my lips and grinned at him.

He grasped one hand around my right breast, and his other hand was working hard on my clit. My body was vibrating from his mind blowing attention on my clit I didn't realize he was lining up his cock.

"Yhaa, Haaa," I half screamed, half laughed as he forced his cock in me. I instantly convulsed on his hard member, my nonstop orgasm soaked us both, moments later I felt his squirting cock empty into me.

When he finally comes up for air, "You should come again for supper again."