 Ingrid was what you would call bi-curious, although she had never specifically acknowledged it to herself. She discovered sex at the giant university in Mexico City, where there were thousands of boys to choose from, and she did choose quite a few, enough to keep herself busy. She also had access to the internet, and the wide variety of sexual material available there.

And, of course, there was masturbation. Ingrid liked to make a production of it, like taking herself out for a date. She'd wear something slinky, have a bit of tequila to get in the mood, and then browse Literotica, looking for something new, something that just perfectly suited her fancy. Then some more tequila, and then reading her stories, followed by the touching; sometimes naked, sometimes not -- sometimes it was more exciting to be partially clothed, pretending to be in a public place where she might get caught. And she made sure to try masturbating in every corner of her apartment. It seemed new and different and exciting every time.

When she first moved to Portland, the only sex she had was solo. The language difference was a bit awkward. She could read English fluently, but speaking it was not the same in the U.S. as it was in a classroom back home. However, she was a bright girl and she caught on quickly. And it wasn't too long before she met Hank; she wasn't attracted to him, but she understood that he hung out with people who liked to have sex, and it was high time that she met some of them, so she accepted an invitation to his party.

She wore the long gown and no undergarments, just like women in the Literotica stories. She was a bit shy; she met Dorothy, who came on to her pretty brazenly, and Ingrid was both shocked and intrigued. She had never known a woman to be so aggressive. She flirted shyly with her, but was really hoping for something just a bit more conventional after going for some months without a partner.

Finally she met Phil, and felt immediately at ease with him. He was nice, and seemed attracted to her, and Ingrid was soon convinced that this man was just the ticket. And after she had drunk a fair amount of courage, she made her move. She kissed him, and it felt like her pussy was on fire, and then she did what she had fantasized about, she pushed him down on the couch and straddled his face, while they both were still fully clothed. The abruptness of it stirred her; she felt very audacious and naughty -- and the way he responded! She could tell how much he craved the taste of her cunt; it made her feel powerful, and it was so arousing that her orgasm was unusually strong. And it was in a public place, more or less; a party with a lot of people she had never met (although most of them had gone upstairs, presumably to do more or less what she was doing.)

So, when her orgasm had subsided a bit and she was still feeling very hot, she was actually a bit pleased when Dorothy came on the scene. Ingrid had succeeded in finding a man and having her way with him, and flushed with her success, she was feeling very adventurous. Somehow she knew that Dorothy wanted what Ingrid had just had, and she had never watched someone else have sex (other than on the computer, of course) and she was excited to see Dorothy take the position on Phil's face where she had just been. She watched Dorothy smile and gasp as Phil probed her with his tongue. She saw the expression of naked arousal on Dorothy's face, as she pinched her own nipples and gyrated her cunt against Phil's desperately hungry lips.

And then she saw Dorothy swing around into the 69 position, and that was even hotter, so she rushed to help Dorothy take of Phil's pants. She got a quick look at Phil's cock before it disappeared down Dorothy's throat; it looked like a beautiful cock, very smooth and hard.

Then she stripped off her gown and got into the chair, right beside them as they sucked each other passionately, and she just loved it all. She hung her legs lewdly over the arms of the chair, and fingered her pussy like she loved to do, taking her time, waiting until her new-found friends came in each others' mouths, before she brought herself to her second climax. And then, in an impulsive moment, she dipped her cunt-coated fingers in Phil's mouth, and felt again that sensation of power as he sucked so hungrily at them.

She was high as a kite from tequila and sex, so when Dorothy put her hand on Ingrid's pussy, Ingrid welcomed it. She had read many stories where this happened, and Dorothy's hand felt as good as her own, only different. Maybe Dorothy was going to eat her pussy, too! And... maybe she might eat Dorothy's pussy. Anything could happen tonight. 

And then, when Angela came into the room, that was fine, too. Drinking a bit of champagne obliterated whatever inhibitions she may of had left, and when she saw Phil and Angela begin to go at it, she enjoyed watching for a minute or two, but then it began to dawn on her that she had yet to experience Phil's cock, and suddenly she craved it. 

She crouched on the floor behind him as he licked Angela's pussy, touching his cock, running her hands over it, gratified by his obvious response. She knew she would have to taste it soon, and she managed to lean down and take it in her mouth. She loved the taste and smell and feel of it in her throat, but just when she thought she could make him come, he got up, and she felt the sting of frustration.

She stepped back and watched as Phil and Angela fucked standing up. That looked really exciting -- Ingrid had never done that before. And she saw Dorothy playing with Angela's nipples and feeding them to Phil. Dorothy must be a bi-sexual, Ingrid thought to herself. That's exciting, too, she thought, as her hand once again sought the folds of her pussy.

Then it came to her: why just be a spectator? Maybe she should taste Dorothy's cunt, like she had watched Phil do earlier. He certainly seemed to enjoy it. But for some reason, she couldn't bring herself to initiate it, as she watched Angela riding up and down on Phil's cock with Dorothy busy behind her. 

Ingrid was in a crisis. She felt so hungry for sex, and even though she had cum twice herself, she wanted to make someone else cum. Right now. So she asked Phil to tell her to eat Dorothy's pussy. It seemed a bit silly, but she wanted it so badly, and having Phil tell her to do it seemed to liberate her from her inexplicable shyness. And when he told her to do it, it was so arousing and liberating, and it seemed to make Phil cum inside Angela.

So Ingrid took Dorothy's hand and led her to the couch. 

(to be continued) 