 That night after the incident in my office, Phil and I were joined at home by Helena. As we had all got dressed Helena had insisted that she came back with us, "to carry things on" as she put it. 

And so here we were. In our bedroom. Helena and I had begun to seduce Phil on our bed, stripping him naked but we had led him into a false sense of security. Soon after we had undressed him I managed to handcuff him to the bed. There followed the cock restraint that I'd bought Phil previously and made him wear all day at work, making sure I kept the key to the padlock safe and away from Phil. Now Helena and I had him. Helena moved across the bed and kissed me deeply, letting Phil wish that he could break free of his bonds and join in. He couldn't though and we all knew this.

Helena stood up off the bed and slowly, teasingly began to take off her black pants. Phil and I stared at her transfixed as the sight of her long legs and knee high boots emerged. I couldn't help but stare at her light blue thong and how it clung so tightly to her mound. Helena stared into Phil's eyes as she traced a hand up her body, coming to rest on her mound where she pushed the fabric of her thong into her pussy. I could se Phil's cock trying desperately to free itself from its restraint.

I don't know what I expected Helena to do next but she casually pulled off her thong, revealing a large wet patch in the material, walked over to the bed and began to feed the pussy smelling thong into Phil's mouth. 

"Kate, why don't you get a scarf so that we can let Phil taste my pussy whilst he's all tied up. Oh, and get a scarf that we can use as a blindfold too!"

I did as Helena requested, grabbing two scarfs from a draw in the bedroom. Helena tied one scarf over Phil's mouth which ensured that her thong would come out, and the other scarf was tied over Phil's eyes.

Helena and I left Phil upstairs on the bedroom whilst we went downstairs to get a drink.

"So how long have you been into kinky things? Helena asked as we sat back and both drank glasses of wine.

"Not long," I replied, "things started a few weeks ago when we both lived out a fantasy." 

Helena just looked at me, no doubt expecting me to explain further. I couldn't believe that I was sat here revealing details of my sex life that I shared with my husband. I wasn't sure whether I wanted to go further, but then I considered what had happened already today and decided to tell all.

I got up and headed upstairs, telling Helena that I'd be right back. When I walked into the bedroom I looked at Phil and instantly became turned on seeing him there handcuffed and his cock trying to fight against his restraint. I guess Phil heard me come into the bedroom and his head followed me across the room (even though his eyes couldn't), maybe hoping that I'd give him relief of some kind. From out of the wardrobe I retrieved the outfit that I'd bought for that first evening of fantasy and also my strap-on dildo and 'special' latex panties that Phil had bought for me.

I returned downstairs and Helena's eyes widened as I took up my seat again. "My god, that must have been some fantasy!" she exclaimed.

"We both loved the idea that I could tease him as I fucked him, and the attire I bought just added to the whole fantasy," I said as I showed her the various items. "I think it sent both of us wild because it feels fantastic being dressed up in ......"

Helena cut me off. "Show me!"

"What?"

"Show me". She commanded. "Let me see you dressed in what you wore that first night."

I looked at Helena as if to wonder whether what I had heard her say was right. However, Helena quickly made sure I had heard right. She stood up off the sofa and walked over to me where she straddled my legs and began to kiss me. It was one of the softest kisses ever and it seemed to set my whole body on edge. She delicately ran her tongue over my bottom lip and I was hers. Helena soon began to move her kisses down my chin and onto my neck.

"Please show me," she whispered, grabbing my hand and placing it between her naked legs, "it's turning me on so much trying to imagine you dressed in what you've shown me. Please?"

I think that Helena's kisses, the wetness against my hand and the growing wetness in my panties made up my mind for me. "Okay, wait here while I change," I whispered back to Helena.

"Thank you," said Helena, again kissing me fully on the lips. She moved back to the sofa whilst I stood and headed upstairs to change, carrying the outfit that I had worn on that very first night with me. I entered the spare bedroom to change and immediately discarded my work clothes onto the floor and unzipped the new boots that I had worn home.

I retrieved the PVC corset from the bed and wrapped it around my waist, then pulled up the zip, feeling the immediate effects as I did so. As I looked down at my body I noticed my breasts, which looked stunning contained within the tight PVC. Next I slipped the black laced stockings that I'd originally worn and attached them to the corset, which felt sexy as I slipped my slender legs into them. Next came the black patent leather, stiletto, knee high boots that I'd bought for that very special occasion. 

My outfit was complete and as I headed downstairs I glanced at myself in the mirror. Again I had captured the pure sexiness of that first night, and I felt the wetness begin to spill out of my pussy. I returned downstairs to find Helena's bra and top on the floor. The fire in my pussy ignited as I saw that she was laid back on the sofa, her eyes closed as she plunged the seven inches of the strap-on dildo into her own pussy. I stood there watching her, my own hand inching towards my own pussy, and closely watched every part of Helena's body. I saw the juices that were coating the fake cock as she slid it in and out of her pussy and remembered tasting her as she ground her pussy against my tongue in my office. 

"Does it feel as good as a real cock?" I said, startling Helena. Her eyes opened and glanced up at me as I stood over her. 

She smiled at me whilst she withdrew the strap-on dildo from her pussy. "I can see why it makes you feel fantastic dressed like you are. Seeing you standing there makes me wish that you were fucking me right now."

"All in good time," I thought to myself. 

Helena stood up off the sofa and moved with ease across the room, the strap-on still in her hand and glistening with her juices. Her lips instantly met mine and our hands were all over each other's body. I ran a hand over Helena's ass, feeling the softness of her skin, before trailing a delicate path up her spine and across her shoulders. My other hand found its way to the back of her head, pulling her closer to my lips, whilst at the same time playing with her auburn hair. 

I felt Helena's hands wander over my own body, across the smooth PVC corset through which she fondled my breasts and then down to my pussy where she teased my clit with her light touch. 

Helena was the one to break our frantic kissing. She moved her kisses down my neck and onto my corset, kissing the black PVC and running her tongue across the surface. I wished that the PVC had not been there and that my breasts were being subjected to the touch of Helena's tongue. Further down my body she moved until she encouraged me to move my legs apart so that she could clamp her eager mouth over my crotch. Her mouth moved quickly, kissing around my pussy lips and my entrance whilst her tongue would do the same, but never touching my clit, driving me wild with anticipation that it would.

Helena's hands groped my knee high boots, yet at the same time she managed to force my crotch further into her mouth. I found it impossible not to encourage her even more and placed both of my hands on the back of her head. I was at the mercy of her feverish tongue. 

I could already feel my juices running out of my pussy as I struggled to maintain my balance against the onslaught of Helena's tongue and it was impossible to stop myself form groaning out loud as her tongue moved over my clit, slowly licking over the whole length.

"Tell me what you want me to do for you?" Helena asked.

"Finger me, Helena, please, I need to feel you inside me."

"Like this?" asked Helena, inserting a finger inside me, gently moving it in and out.

"Yes, but more, I need more."

Helena withdrew her finger and stood up in front of me holding out the strap-on. "Then fuck me with this."

The lust that had built inside me made the decision for me. "Why don't you dress me then!"

Helena dropped to her knees and helped me step into the leather straps of the strap-on, working them up over my boots until the smaller six-inch dildo was at the entrance to my pussy. I screwed my eyes shut in delight as Helena slowly inserted the whole length inside me. She then tightened the straps around my waist and then took the seven-inch cock that was pointing skywards into her mouth. Helena began giving me a blow job as though the cock were real. I wanted more though.

"Stand up," I ordered, "and bend over the sofa with you ass high in the air so I can fuck you as hard as you know you want me to".

Helena released my cock and stood up, kissing me again. "Give it to me," she simply replied, breaking away. She took hold of my cock and led me over to the sofa, causing my pussy to flood with intense feelings as the dildo inside me moved also.

When we were both stood behind the sofa Helena simply leant forward, raising her ass high into the air like I had ordered and spreading her legs apart. I sank to my knees and couldn't resist licking the pussy that was before me, again tasting the juices of not only my work colleague, but also the woman I was about to fuck. The second time around Helena's pussy tasted sweeter and she was definitely very turned on. I inserted the tip of my tongue insider her pussy, hearing Helena squeal with desire in response.

"Just fuck me, now!" Helena almost screamed at me.

I stood and moved the tip of the dildo against Helena's pussy lips, grabbing hold of her hips. "Beg me, say how much you'd like me to fuck you."

"Pllleeeasssse, Kate, fuck me now. I need to feel you inside me. I'll do anything you want if you'll just fuck me really hard!"

I didn't need to say any more. I thrust forward and watched as the whole seven inches disappeared into Helena's cunt. Helena screamed with delight and I wish that I could have seen the expression on Phil's face upstairs as he wondered what we were doing. I hoped that he could hear everything because I knew it would drive him wild. I decided to take things slowly in order to tease Helena. I eased the fake cock out until only the tip was still inside, all the time watching Helena's pussy lips reluctantly give up it's grip on the dildo. Just as Helena was about to complain I thrust forward again, filling her cunt upto the hilt once more. Again Helena squealed as I filled her pussy. 

I repeated this once more, savouring both the fireworks being set off inside my own pussy and the desperation that Helena must have been feeling.

"Please don't do this to me Kate, I can't stand it, you have to do me hard."

"Why?"

"Why? Because you're driving me wild, I need you to fuck me hard and to make me cum."

"Your wish is my command," I whispered, before thrusting really deep inside Helena. 

I began to pick up the pace immediately to satisfy both our desires. I could hear Helena's juices squelching in time with my thrust and our bodies began to buck against each other. With each movement the dildo inside me would be thrust in and out of my cunt making it feel as though I was fucking the both of us. In between thrusts I could hear Helena moaning to herself and whispering 'Oh yes,' repeatedly. 

Within minutes I could feel my juices running down the inside of my legs and onto the tops of my stockings, closely followed by those of Helena's pussy running down the cock that connected us. Helena reached her hand beneath herself and I knew the moment a finger found her clit by her increased moans. I had something that would totally blow her mind however.

I moved one of my hands from her hip and ran it around the base of the cock, covering my fingers with her juices. Without warning I moved a finger towards her inviting ass and on my next thrust forward inserted the finger inside upto the knuckle.

The combination of this, our fucking and her finger on her own clit sent Helena into overdrive. She arched her back and her free hand began to tease her nipples whilst her whole body slammed backwards into mine, forcing me to fuck her even harder. It was driving me wild too, and the fire in my crotch was hurtling me towards a huge orgasm. 

"Am I fucking you hard enough?" I managed to ask through my heavy breathing.

"Oh god yes... urgh... Keep fucking my pussy and ass for me," replied Helena, "i'm going to cum so hard, please don't stop!"

"Don't worry, I won't!"

And I didn't. The sight of Helena's body, writhing and bucking in front of me, and the thought of Phil straining to hear our fucking put me on a path to my orgasm that I knew was impossible to stop. Each movement of the dildo inside me was a step closer and when I heard the same screams from Helena that I had heard earlier in my office I knew she was cumming. I drove her through her orgasm with my intense thrusting and just as she came down from her orgasm I came myself. As I reached the point of no return my body seemed to shake violently and I held the dildo in Helena's pussy and my finger in her ass. 

I could hear Helena struggling for breath somewhere in the room, but at that moment I was on fire and lost in my own orgasmic world. My eyes were screwed shut and my body simply pulsed with the thrill of an intense orgasm that seemed to last forever. Only some seconds later did I become aware of Helena slowly moving her body back against me as she seemed to be enjoying another, smaller orgasm.

I let Helena have her smaller orgasm before I withdraw my fake cock from her pussy and my finger from her ass. Instantly she had turned round and was kissing me deeply, her hands running wild over my body. She broke awake and looked deep into my eyes. "Let's go have some fun with Phil!"

With that she moved swiftly across the room and headed upstairs. I followed after her, watching her shapely ass move as I climbed the stairs after her. By the time that I entered the bedroom Helena was already taking Phil's blindfold off. I reached the bed just as Helena took her thong from my husband's mouth.

"How are you doing sweetcakes?" she asked Phil.

"What did I miss?" Phil asked.

"Well," said Helena, "You just missed your wife fucking me with her strap-on cock whilst she fingered my ass. Now you're going to lick my pussy juices off that fake cock of hers."

As I heard Helena say this I climbed onto the bed and straddled Phil's body. Without any warning I inserted the whole cock into his mouth and ordered him to lick it clean. Behind me I heard Helena walk across the room to where I kept Phil's cock restraint. She retrieved the key and came back to the bed to release him.

Within seconds Phil's cock was free and on its way to full hardness. Helena took him into her mouth and began to run her tongue around the swelling head. I looked down at Phil and he had his eyes closed, no doubt enjoying Helena's mouth moving freely over his cock.

It soon became apparent however, that Helena's desire had got the better of her.

"Kate, I need to fuck your husband and I think he'd like me to do the same."

I took the strap-on cock out of his mouth so he could reply. "Ohh yes, I need it now, I need to cum badly."

Who were we to deny him his pleasure?

Helena quickly moved so that she was straddling Phil's cock. I watched as she ran the tip across her pussy lips before placing it against her entrance and plunging down onto the whole length. Both Helena and Phil cried out in sheer pleasure.

"Kate, I need you to do something for me........ Fuck me in the ass! Now!"

I didn't stop to question her and simply moved around the bed until I was behind her. Helena leant forward to give me good access to her ass. I could see Phil's cock moving slowly in and out of her pussy and was momentarily transfixed by the sight. 

"Fuck my ass, please," commanded Helena, although it was more of a begging command.

I moved the tip of my fake cock against her ass and pushed forward in time with Phil's cock re-entering her pussy. I guess my husband's saliva had lubed up the dildo because it seemed to ease inside her ass. Helena grunted deeply as both of her holes were filled at the same time. 

"Oh my god!" she exclaimed.

We soon began to build up a good rhythm whereby I would leave her ass just as Phil entered he pussy. I knew that she wouldn't be able to take much of this judging by how quickly she had cum downstairs. Helena surprised me though and fought her orgasm. We fucked for what seemed like an eternity, all three of us moaning with delight.

Phil was the first to concede to the fire within. I could hear his breathing becoming gradually heavier and I knew that he must have been close. 

"That's it Phil, fill my pussy with your cum," cried Helena.

Sure enough his thrusting intensified and I heard him exhale deeply which told me that he'd shot his cum deep inside my work colleague.

"Don't you dare go soft," shouted Helena, "Kate and I have to cum, don't we sweetie?"

"Hell yeah," I replied. I dropped my hand down to my clit and began to rub my finger across the swollen surface. My orgasm earlier and my levels of horniness now made it ultra sensitive and I knew that with a few strokes I would cum. 

I could see Helena's hand moving furiously as she pushed herself closer to cumming but I began to lose focus at that point. My orgasm had begun to creep up on me and I knew that it would be a ferocious one. My thrusts seemed to become harder as I pounded into Helena's ass. My orgasm broke and swept over my whole body. My pussy became flooded with my cum, which made the dildo inside of me move around with even more ease and prolonged my orgasm. 

Somewhere along my orgasmic ride I think I heard Helena cum in a series of long moans that were almost screams. I wondered if her orgasm had been as good as mine. 

Naturally we all had a rest, but as we lay there on the bed I hoped that Phil had more cum to fill both mine and Helena's pussies with!