 It was Saturday night, and I was looking for company. I didn't have any particular prospects, but I did have a standing invitation to attend a party that an acquaintance of mine threw on the first weekend of every month; I had never attended one, but I had a hunch that it might be a good place to go looking for love, seeing as how Hank, the acquaintance, always seemed to be accompanied by a different, very attractive woman.

So, I arrived, greeted Hank, and began to prowl. There were plenty of unattached ladies there, and one, who introduced herself as Dorothy, made it very clear, very soon, that she was interested. It put me off a bit; with that much aggression on her part, there wasn't much room for romance. Not that she was unattractive -- she had long, curly dark hair, green eyes, and was dressed in such a manner as to ensure that no one missed the fact that she had a very hot body: a short skirt made of some sort of shiny, flimsy material, high heeled sandals, and a tank top that hugged her breasts and hinted at her nipples. It was hard to take my eyes off her, but I wanted to relax and take it slow, and it seemed that she was a bit impatient.

So, I kept mingling, and after a while I found myself in conversation with a woman named Ingrid, who had captivating, big, dark eyes, and a very wide and generous mouth. She showed her interest in subtle ways, laughing lightly, but keeping those big eyes rivetted on me. She was dressed in a rather formal, floor-length gown, and she was drinking tequila. She was rather demure about it, but it dawned on me that she was putting it away very steadily, because I was drinking with her, and it was beginning to affect me.

We kept talking, and as time went by, the room emptied out, so it was just me sitting on a couch, and Ingrid sitting opposite me in an armchair. She was telling me about Mexico, where she grew up. Her voice dropped a bit in volume, and I asked her to repeat herself. She grinned impishly, and spoke again, but I still couldn't hear her and I said so. At this point, she gracefully arose, and sat next to me. Putting her big eyes and big mouth close to mine, she whispered, audibly this time, "...when I went to college, I discovered that what I really like about life is sex." And she kissed me.

Boy, could she kiss. Her mouth was so wide, and wet, and soft, and slowly she merged it with mine, teasing my tongue with hers. I could feel the pressure of her breasts against me as we kissed, but we took our time; I was tremendously aroused, just from the feel of her mouth on mine. Then she pushed me down on the couch, and paused for an awkward moment to hike her gown up a bit, so that she could part her legs enough to straddle me. Then she advanced up my torso enough so that she could lean down and kiss me again.

Again, that luxurious wet kiss of hers. I revelled in it, needing more, but willing to wait. She had her weight on her hands and knees, so that I could not feel her body, although I could feel the abundant fabric of her gown accumulating on my belly. I reached up and began to slowly bring my hands down her back, heading for her ass, pulling on her to let her know my need, but she kept herself a bit elevated still, teasing me more voluptuously with her kiss. I let out a little groan of frustration, and it was then that she broke off this kiss, and smiled very broadly into my eyes.

Then she walked her knees up my armpits, and smiling, began to gather up the folds of her gown, until in one slow, fluid motion she climbed over my shoulders and brought her wet, delicious pussy into contact with my mouth.

I was shocked for just an instant, realizing, among other things, that she wore no panties, and that she did not fear discovery by the other guests. But I was so enchanted by the hot fragrance and the extraordinary wetness of her cunt, as she moved her hips to and fro, brushing herself against my lips and tickling my cheeks with her soft and abundant pubic hair.

I groaned again, and my hands struggled through the folds of her gown to find her hips, to that I might bring her down hard against my mouth. This time, she cooperated fully, grinding her pussy in little circles against my lips and tongue. Her hands found my head, holding me firm against her, as I deliriously ran my tongue up and down her opening, and then deep inside her, and then, as I could feel her orgasm approaching, I took all her vulva into my mouth and swirled my tongue around and around her clit. I heard her begin to laugh, low and guttural, a laugh that turned into a sort of howl of ecstacy, as I lapped away at the juices that gushed from her cunt.

After a minute she rose a few inches, so that I could see her smiling down at me, with a glazed look in her eyes that said that she was far from finished. But at that moment, another voice was heard, saying, "May I play, too?"

I looked up, and there was Dorothy, grinning wickedly. I was a bit shocked to hear Ingrid say, "Sure, why not?"

Dorothy pulled the armchair close and sat down, a few feet away, and while continuing to grin, stripped off her tank top. There were her magnificent breasts, and I heard a sharp intake of breath from Ingrid. Dorothy's nipples were big and erect, and with her eyes locked alternately to mine and Ingrid's, she began to pinch them, and then lifted each breast in turn to her mouth so that she could suck them. 

Ingrid began, almost imperceptibly, to shift her weight from one knee to the other, and her wonderful pussy, all engorged and wet and wide open, was tantalizingly close to my mouth, but I couldn't take my eyes off Dorothy. Dorothy was scooting forward on her chair now, and parting her legs, making it very clear that underneath her short skirt she, too, was pantyless. And while keeping one hand on her left nipple, Dorothy sent her other down below where her skirt was bunched up, dipping a finger deftly into the folds of her cunt.

She moved it tantalizingly around, parting her lips to give us an exciting view of her red hot pussy. Then abruptly she arose, saying "May I?" And Ingrid, who seemed to know what she meant, let her breath out with a hiss: "Yessss."

With that, Ingrid scooted back, making way for Dorothy to take her place. I could hardly wait for her to get into position, I was so hungry for her taste, after feasting on her wetness with my eyes. I wasted no time in devouring her cunt, plunging my tongue in as far as it would go. But only after what seemed to be a few seconds, Dorothy got up, stripped off her skirt, and mounted my mouth again while facing the other direction, and then I could feel what seemed to be two pairs of hands unbuckling my pants and pulling them off, and then, as I pulled Dorothy's cunt against my mouth with renewed urgency, I could feel her big nipples rubbing against my belly as she took my cock deep into her mouth.

There is something about the 69 position that is especially heavenly, especially when you can feel from the way a woman is sucking you that she badly, badly wants you to come in her mouth, and you are hoping against hope that she will come in yours. That's just the way it felt with Dorothy. And it felt so good that I knew that we would both come, and very soon, and I just surrendered to the beautiful taste and texture of her pussy, sucking it for all I was worth, as I felf the pressure of my orgasm building and erupting. I heard Dorothy moaning in joy as she swallowed spasm and after spam of my come, and drenched me with hers. 

And as our climax subsided I heard someone else's moaning; Dorothy rolled partially off me, toward the head of the couch, and I saw, a few feet away, Ingrid in the armchair, naked, her knees up over the arms of the chair, and both hands slowly but fiercely kneading her pussy. Within a few seconds she threw her head back, smiling ecstatically, and shouted something in Spanish as she came, and then she leaned forward breathlessly and plunged the fingers of one hand, then the other, into my mouth, as I sucked them desperately.

Would you like to know what happened next? Email me. Maybe I'll tell.