 The hot Yucatan sun was creating a shimmering heat wave over the tarmac of the airport as I climbed the steps of the aircraft ahead of the passengers now waiting patiently in the departure lounge. From the large glass windows they could see the plane being made ready to take them home from their sun drenched holiday; the flight crew boarding, the baggage handlers loading the many cases into the hold along with the food trolleys destined for the galleys. 

The past 2 weeks had been hot and sunny, unlike my last vacation to Playa Del Carmen 6 months before. Then it had rained most days, albeit for short, sharp periods, before the Mexican sun had evaporated the water to leave way for a few hot, sunny hours in which I had managed to get at least some scuba diving done. This trip had been far more successful and I had dived every day, with the exception of today. I wasn’t going to risk getting an episode of the bends by diving before a flight.

I had taken this trip alone due to an unexpected illness affecting my husband’s ability to travel. He had insisted that I take my holiday without him as he knew how much I looked forward to my six monthly diving trips. I had objected, at first, but he was insistent enough to persuade me to fly without him and so, here I was, alone and headed back to the UK after two glorious weeks of sun, coco locos, sex and diving.

Did I say sex? Oh well if I’m going to spill the beans about my sexy flight home then disclosing the fact that I was not exactly faithful during my holiday is a small matter.

I mean, with all those handsome, tanned beach boys from around the globe paying attention to my every need then what else is a healthy, sexy girl going to do? Play them and fuck them of course.

Eventually the passengers were given the all clear to board and I joined the remainder of the flight attendants in helping the passengers find their seats and stow their hand luggage, my mind still reminiscence over my days of sun, partying and diving.

The speakers above me crackled as the voice of the pilot rattled through them, bringing me out of my holiday memories and reminding me that the holiday was over and I was now back on duty as a flight attendant for the trip home. The pilot informed the passengers that the aircraft was shortly about to taxi out onto the runway in readiness for take off. The hunky voice continued by informing them that they would be travelling at 30,000ft at an average speed of 500 miles per hour as we headed out over the Gulf of Mexico, over Florida and northwards, following the coastline of the US up as far as Boston before turning Eastwards across the Atlantic. I knew about the Westerly winds that would be behind our tail to speed us on our journey to London Heathrow and that any second the pilot would wish them all a comfortable and safe flight home. I eased the door of the aircraft shut as the steps were towed away across the tarmac and took my place at the front of the gangway in readiness to join the other flight attendants for our in flight safety demonstration. As the video played I went through the now monotonous routine of demonstrating how to fix the seat belts, the location of the life jackets under the seats, pointing out the emergency exits and the on floor lighting and so on. Once completed it was a trip down the aisle to check that the passenger’s seat belts were fastened and that their seats were in an upright position before returning to my galley to check that all of the food trolleys were stowed fast ready for take off.

The Boeing 767 glided gently into the mid day Mexican sky over Cancun Airport before turning eastwards towards the Caribbean Sea. From my seat I gazed down on the views I had seen many times before; mainly lush green vegetation broken occasionally by the round cenotes, natural wells in the ground that led down to the cool waters of the many underground rivers dotted about the peninsula, and in which I had dived many times. The aircraft rose gently over the city of Cancun and out over The Gulf towards Florida before the Captain’s voice announced ‘Crew release’ and I rose from my seat to begin the duties ahead of me. The best thing about long haul night flights is that, at some stage, the lights would go out and the majority of passengers would snuggle down in their cramped seat and sleep away the monotonous hours of the flight. The actual sky would not remain dark for long due to our eastbound flight to meet the rising sun; but that decreased period of darkness would leave the flight attendants time to take some rest themselves. Most would just sit in their seat and rest and some would stand and chatter quietly in the galley. But not me. I had my plans mapped out in my mind long before I boarded the flight. In fact as soon as I had seen Captain Kent Berkley in the airport lounge I had began to plan my entertainment for the flight home. Airline pilots are always thought of as being handsome and sexy by the general public. Most were and some were not. Kent was in the former group. I had flown with him on many flights and slept in his hotel bed on quite a few of them.

Don’t get me wrong, I loved my husband, but as I said before, I’m a sexy girl who loves to have her fun. And Captain Kent Berkley was just the type of handsome, sexy guy I liked to have my fun with. This trip, however, was going to be a little different, I hoped, from any other I had taken in the past. I had started to formulate my plan to somehow get rid of the 2nd Officer for a while so that Kent and I could resume our relationship where we had left off back in a hotel room in Havana some 2 months earlier. The biggest problem ahead of me seemed to be the question of how to get the 2nd Officer out of the flight deck for 30 minutes. This was proving a stumbling block and I was still thinking of a solution during my in flight safety demonstration; but fortunately I had carried out the operation so many times that I didn’t even have to think about it and was free to allow my mind to contemplate the problem.

I was startled out of my planning by Judith, the Senior Flight Attendant, who suddenly appeared at my side and requested me to take coffee into the Flight Crew.

I turned and headed for the door to the cockpit to establish the 2nd Officer’s requirements in the way of a hot beverage. Captain Berkley’s like for black, unsweetened coffee I already knew but I hadn’t seen who the 2nd Officer of this flight was. I knocked the door and entered the small cabin filled with lights and levers in front of which sat the two Flight Officers. Kent turned towards me and smiled.

“Hello Linda. Nice to see you on board tonight; I think you know Tony?” I smiled one of my sweet, sexy smiles at him before turning to greet Tony. I looked in the direction of the 2nd Officer and immediately my problem got worse.

“Hello Tony” I said almost as sexily. “I didn’t know you were on the long haul flights now.” 

Tony smiled back at me as both our minds returned to the hotel room in Fargo where we had spent 2 whole nights on lay over together just fucking each other’s brains out.

Fargo was one of my favourite places as I loved everything there is to love about the Portuguese Algarve and had spent many happy days and nights there. The last two with Tony, the 2nd Officer now sat in front of me.

I know I physically blushed, coming face to face with two of my bed companions at the same time, and took Tony’s order of white coffee, no sugar, rather hurriedly before retreating to the small galley behind me.

My mind was racing as my plan to get my pussy poked, in mid air, by the handsome Kent was falling apart. I began to think of a way out of my dilemma as I poured the coffees; but before the last drop of black liquid had hit the bottom of the second cup an idea was forming in my sexy mind. ‘Why is this a dilemma Linda girl’ I asked myself. ‘Two handsome guys sat a few feet away from you in a locked cabin. Both of them having unloaded their hot cum inside your body, through several different openings, in several different hotels around the world and you think this is a dilemma?’ I reached for the milk from the cooler as my mind raced ahead. ‘Why this is no dilemma Linda baby. This is an opportunity.’ My smile spread across my face as I returned to the cockpit armed with 2 cups of coffee and a moistening pussy.

The next 3 hours seemed to drag by as I walked the aisle with first my drinks trolley, then my dinner trolley, and lastly my duty free trolley, before taking time out to slide my fake cigarette between my lips in an attempt to reduce the nicotine craving I was, by then, undergoing. It didn’t help and the hot coffee I was sipping only heightened the craving. Things aboard the aircraft began to slow down as the first movie finished and passengers began to doze in their cramped seats. My thoughts again returned to the cock pit where those two hunks were relaxing in front of the controls that now barely needed touching as the aircraft flew itself up the coastline of the USA. Another hour, maybe less with this tail wind, followed by a change of direction to point the nose towards the Atlantic Ocean; and then the long flight across that vast stretch of water towards Ireland and England. Once the plane was headed out across the sea the sun would have started it’s descent into the western sky and the darkness would soon be upon us as we headed east towards the night. That would be the time to put my plan into action. That’s when I planned to get myself well and truly screwed.

During the next hour I chatted quietly to the other flight attendants whilst answering the occasional request from some of the less sleepy passengers who insisted on continuing their holiday aboard the airline by drinking from the tiny bottles of spirits that were available for a small charge. My colleagues aboard the flight were all new to me with the exception of the lovely Adele, who fortunately was working the same area as myself on this flight. I had flown with her on quite a few occasions in the past and we had become quite close friends. When I say close friends I mean close in more ways that one. Adele was a very pretty girl with long, sexy tanned legs and wonderful blue eyes that glistened brightly as she looked at you. She had been a beauty therapist prior to a career change into the airline business. She was about 30 now and, out of uniform, still loved to wear the very short skirts that I myself prefer. As I chatted quietly to her now, sitting on the small seats in the galley, bringing each other up to date with our lives since we had last met, my mind drifted back to that wonderful night we had spent together in the sin city of Bangkok after getting ourselves a little tipsy in the hotel bar. The drinks had made us both a little fruity; and with the men in the flight crew out on the town we had ended up making our own entertainment in her hotel bedroom. Her long sexy legs stretched out on the bed beside me… but I digress.

I noticed the slight dip in the wing as the aircraft made the turn eastwards and, looking at one of the small monitors above the aisle, I saw the current position of the plane and it confirmed that we were about to leave the East Coast of The States and cross the Atlantic Ocean. My heart began to race slightly as I knew the time had arrived to put my plan into action in the cockpit. I lowered my voice slightly as I leaned towards Adele and, with a slight wink and a smile, I asked her to cover for me for 30 minutes or so. 

“What are you up to Linda?” Her sweet voice enquired of me.

“Just a little cockpit fun with Kent and Tony baby.” I replied sexily.

“Oh Linda. You’re wicked. But if it were possible for both of us to skip off for a while I would have joined you.” 

Her sexy smile spread across her face as she took my hand and squeezed it.

“Go have some fun sweetheart; I’ll cover for you. But I want a full report when you get back.”

I leaned forward and kissed her on her luscious lips before grabbing my small cabin bag and heading off into the confines of the toilet.

Once there I lifted my knee high skirt, cursing the staid airline regulations governing uniform codes, slid my tiny knickers down to my ankles and sat down on the cold seat. A quick pee while I rummaged through my bag for the perfumed wet wipes I always carried, a quick wipe of my shaven pussy before pulling out the small perfume spray and applying it to the same area and then quickly pulling my knickers back up around my thighs. I straightened my skirt before removing my airline regulation blouse and my half bra for a quick top wash before applying some more of the perfume to my neck and breasts. The bra I slid into my bag and replaced the blouse on my body ensuring I left the top 3 buttons open. I was imagining, already, the delights ahead of me with Kent’s cock reaming into my wet mouth as I felt Tony’s tongue rimming my tiny bum hole. I reached for the tube of pale pink lipstick and applied it as carefully as I could as the plane shivered slightly in the air currents over the Gulf Stream. A little mascara was applied followed by a few strokes through my red hair with the brush and the girl was ready for action. I smiled to myself in the mirror as I felt the tiniest bit of moisture already starting to form in my panties. I checked my nails; thank God none were broken and the pink colouring was intact. 

Another check in the mirror showed my ample cleavage showing sexily between the buttons and I was ready for action.

Leaving the small compartment I replaced my bag in the overhead storage, a smile at Adele as she gazed at me with a grin from ear to ear, a quick wink at her and I turned hastily towards the cockpit.

I knocked gently on the cabin door and waited for Kent to ask who it was. “It’s Linda with your coffee Captain.” I replied just loud enough for him to hear. The door was released from inside and I entered the dark cockpit with its dim overhead lighting and the control panel covered in small lights of varying colours.

Kent and Tony were both relaxing in a reclining position in their seats and they both turned and smiled at me at the same time.

“Hello again Linda.” Kent’s voice uttered deeply. “How is the flight on your side of the door?”

“It’s fine Kent” I murmured softly in reply.

“Where’s the coffee babe?” Queried Tony as he turned in his seat to face me; his eyes visibly opening wider as he took in my cleavage.

“Coffee?” I replied

“I have other plans for you two lads far more interesting than coffee.” 

My hand went to my blouse and slowly unfastened another two buttons. ‘That’s it girl’ I said to myself in my mind. ‘Keep to the plan and get straight to it.’

I took the few short steps that placed me beside Kent and, lifting my skirt almost to my panties, I turned my body and sat firmly on his lap with my arm around his shoulder. 

“So boys,” I uttered in my sexiest, softest voice. “Is it a case of seniority or am I going to get the attention I need from you both at the same time.”?

I began to brush my hand through Kent’s soft, short hair while smiling across at Tony in the opposite seat. For a moment the cabin remained silent, except for the occasional bleep from the control panel. The two officers were looking at each other; unable to believe the fortunate situation they now found themselves in. The thought raced through my mind; “They have both fucked me several times in the past. God I hope they don’t get embarrassed about fucking me in each other’s company.” I was thinking quickly as to my next move when Kent’s hand crept around me and planted itself firmly on my left tit. It began to rub and squeeze it through the thin material of my blouse before sliding inside to touch my naked skin. That was the signal that told both men that fun was about to start. I turned slightly to face Kent and began to kiss him on the cheek, ear and neck.

Tony reached across the small space between the seats and placed his hand gently onto my knee. From there it moved to the inside of my leg and began a slow, upward journey as he rubbed his palm up and down my smooth skin. My legs opened slightly, restricted somewhat by the hem of my skirt, to allow him easy passage to my panties while Kent dropped his head and began to slowly suck on my right nipple. His fingers were now pinching and massaging at my other breast and I felt his cock begin to harden beneath my bum. A few more minutes of having my tits sucked and pinched by Kent, while Tony’s fingers reached the now damp spot in my knickers, and I was ready to move on to the next step. I let go of Kent’s shoulder and stood up. As the two flight officers watched I undone the remaining buttons on my blouse and removed it from my shoulders. The button and the zip on my skirt followed and, once opened, I let it slip to the floor. I was about to slide my panties down when Tony dropped to his knees before me, grabbed me around the waist, and lowered his face to the now wet patch of material hugging my shaven pussy. I promptly sat back onto Kent’s lap and closed my eyes as his mouth again encircled my breast while his hand moved back to squeezing the other one. I opened my legs to allow Tony to suck at my slit through my panties as I remembered that he loved to feel the silky material of them in his mouth. He began to suck at the moisture now seeping through while his hands rubbed up and down over my hips, thighs and legs. I closed my eyes and concentrated on the delightful feeling of Kent’s cock now poking hard against my bum as if it was straining to break through his trousers and poke into my tiny hole. Which of course it was. Meanwhile my pussy was getting well and truly sucked as Tony continued has administrations between my open legs and I was loving every minute of it. My hand reached down and started to rub through Tony’s thick hair and to push his face harder into my panties. Suddenly his hand left my leg and reached for the elastic, pulling it aside to plunge his tongue into the wet crack that awaited it.

A moan escaped my lips as I felt the touch of his tongue and I pushed his head hard against me to get as much of that tongue as I could. Kent’s teeth were nibbling hard on my nipple and his hand was squeezing and pinching at the other one. I was receiving such wonderful attention from these two guys that the sudden voice that shot out of the headset beside Kent’s seat, where he had placed it when I first sat on his lap, made me physically jump in surprise. Some flight controller 30,000ft below us said something about Gander Control as Kent reached down and replaced the headset on his head. Tony removed his face from my crutch and stood up as Kent whispered for me to do the same. As I removed myself from his lap, dismayed at the unexpected interruption to my sexual pleasure, he spoke into the headset acknowledging the voice from Nova Scotia. I ignored the remainder of the conversation as I began to undo the buttons on Tony’s shirt and began kissing his hairy chest and nipples. He, meanwhile, helped me to slide the shirt off and drop it onto his seat. My hands next found the buckle on his belt and flicked it open while he lifted my head from his chest and lowered his own to my breasts. Where Kent’s mouth had previously been sucking Tony’s now took over. The belt unclipped my fingers then went to the zip and slid it down. His trousers hit the floor just as my hands slid his boxers down until they dropped the remainder of the way to his ankles. As my groping fingers reached around his stiff cock he deftly slid each shoe off his feet and stepped out of his trousers and pants. His teeth bit hard into my nipple as he felt my fingers fondling his cock and balls. The hardness and thickness of that cock brought back sudden memories of the last time we had fucked together and I squeezed the shaft even harder. 
