 And here we are at the end. I'd like to thank everyone for all the comments and encouragement, and I'm really glad everyone seemed to enjoy it. Something I should have mentioned in previous chapters: Any similarity between characters mentioned here and actual performers in the adult industry is mostly intended. I hope no one was offended.

Please enjoy.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Shape-Up! was a small gym and fitness center in a strip mall about ten minutes from Rick's place. They had weight lifting machines, free weights and a wide variety of stationary bikes and ellipticals. They also had two studios in the back that were used for yoga and aerobics classes, as well as Rick's self-defense training, and were open seven days a week, 6am to midnight.

But on this night, at 2am, there was clearly something going on. If you looked closely, you saw that one of the front gates was still open. The lights were off, but someone was manning the front desk: a tall, bulky guy who appeared to be fiddling with the computer while talking on his cell phone.

"Maria, baby, it's a job, what do you want me to say?" Tony pleaded, a little sick of having the same fight for the third night in a row. "I'm getting a hundred bucks to sit here and fuckin' watch Hulu. I'm not even seeing anything."

"C'mon, you don't want to watch?"

"No! And it's all very professional; there are only three people in there. And one of them's a girl! We talked about this, babe."

"I know. I just... I hate the idea of it," she grumped. "And the other girl is named Marie? Ew."

"If it makes you feel any better, I doubt that's even her real name." Maria had to laugh at that. "I like the idea of a little extra money. And I think you'll get used to the idea too."

"Guess I could get used to that, yeah. How much longer are you gonna be?"

"I dunno. They said a few hours."

"Rick can rock that long? Dayum."

"If you're curious, we can watch the video together," Tony teased.

"Well," she said slowly, her tone playful, "I'd been meaning to tell you... I watched some of Daisy's bits."

"No shit?" Tony was shocked: Maria had always thought porn was disgusting. She wasn't a prude, really, but she had always been resistant to the idea of watching other people have sex.

"I couldn't help it! I know them both! It's... like the opposite of a celebrity sex tape. I couldn't resist!"

"What'd you think?"

"They had their intended effect."

"Oh really?" Tony could guess she was blushing.

"Well... They're pretty hot together. And I know they aren't acting. I can admit that it's sexy. I'm not some kind of robot."

"Maybe when I get home we can watch something together."

"Maybe we can. What're you watching?"

"Hm?"

"On Hulu."

"Last night's CSI." "Ugh."

"I know, but... It's better than nothing." There was a brief cry from the back of the gym, and Tony couldn't help but glance back there. "I think Rick just got his end wet."

"Ew, What's going on? Go look and tell me!"

Tony had to smile at her change in attitude.

Tony's presence was almost certainly unnecessary, but Rick had insisted. Rick was paying Tony to make sure that what was going on in studio A wouldn't be discovered: Construction paper had been taped over the big glass windows cutting off all view of what was going on inside.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~

"Oh fuck! Fuck my pussy, fuck my pussy!" Marie cried out again, bouncing up and down on Rick's hips. The black belt from a karate gi was still wrapped around her waist, and Rick was using it to pull her down against him hard. Her smooth pussy looked fantastic sliding up and down his shaft. She glared in the camera sexily, moaning near constantly as she alternated with rubbing Rick's balls, her own clit, or her tits. Tim was kneeling almost between Rick's feet, filming the action up close.

"Oh yes baby, just like that," Daisy moaned, looking down into Rick's eyes as she rode his mouth. She wore a headband like the one worn by the Karate Kid, the rest of her clothing having been tossed off earlier in the scene. Her fingers pinched her nipples firmly, as she gasped and moaned at Rick was doing with his tongue deep in her pussy. Brent, the other camera guy, was getting more creative with his filming, moving around to get some different angles.

Rick grunted as Marie switched to a swirling motion with her hips, stirring him in her pussy. She was hot and wet on him, but nothing like Daisy's gripping pussy, and Rick was glad because otherwise he would have cum ages ago.

Rick was enjoying his view from beneath Daisy as she gasped and groaned above him. She was flush, her dark skin shining with sweat, her belly a shiny writhing thing as she ground against him gently. Rick alternated between thrusting his tongue deep inside her and lapping at her clit, and he loved her cries and moans of pleasure.

Rick glanced over and saw Sarah signaling him that it was time for the next part of the scene. He managed not to roll his eyes as he nodded slightly, taking his hands off of Marie's belt and gripping Daisy's butt hard, shifting her hips so her tight ass was over his lips. He started lapping at her little knot, Daisy gasping as her anus clenched tight against his assault.

"Oh, oh fuck, he's eating my ass out, mm, fuck!" Daisy squealed out, leaning back against Marie as she spread her legs wide, giving the camera an excellent view of Rick lapping at her.

"Mm. He's a naughty sensei!" Marie said with a giggle, her eyes on the camera. She pulled his cock out and slapped it against her pussy a few times before sliding back down on it. They stayed like this for a few minutes, the only sound the girl's grunting and the gentle thumping of Marie's ass against Rick's hips. Rick knew that he was supposed to do this for a few minutes more before moving on to the next bit.

Before they had begun, Marie and Sally had explained the proceedings, with sexual script of moves that they were supposed to do. Marie was the biggest star there and had a way she liked to do things. Rick remembered Sally explaining how it was going to go: double blow job to straight fucking each girl, then them double teaming him and each other, to him flat on his back with them both riding him to climax.

Rick knew he was hardly experienced in the porn business, having only been in two scenes with Daisy, but he had started to take for granted just how unusual he and Daisy's shooting style was: they just had amazing sex while some other people filmed it. Sure, Sally occasionally directed them, but it was relaxed, spontaneous and fun.

This shoot really wasn't any of those things. At first he had been nervous about even touching another girl with Daisy there. Her eagerness relaxed those concerns a great deal, and Rick had to admit laying back on the padded floor, Daisy and Marie have a cock sucking contest on top of him, was one of the nicer experiences of his life. As the scene wore on, however, it became more mechanical and drawn out. Every few minutes it seemed like Sally was ordering them around, moving them this way or that to get the shot or move them on to the next bit in the scene. The whole process was staged, surreal, and as not fun as having sex with two women could get.

"Mm, I want him in my ass," Marie hissed to the camera, indicating that it was time for the last part of the scene.

"And quick cut," Sally said, grabbing a condom and packet of lube and tossing them to Rick. Daisy and Marie had already dismounted, standing in their naked glory as Rick slowly sat up from the sweaty mat. "Here you go. You two alright?" This was directed to Daisy and Marie, the actual talent in the room.

"Fine," Marie said, drinking deeply from a bottle of water. She was looking about the room absently, apparently unconcerned at her nudity and uninterested in the two people in the room that she had just been having sex with. Rick could tell that this was just another day at work for her, he just another cock to get off for the cameras so she could cash a check. It shouldn't have bothered him, but it did.

Rick rolled the condom down his shaft but when he reached for the packet of lube, he was pleased to find Daisy kneeling at his hips opening the packet.

"Let me do that, sensei." The grin was fully in place as stroked the lube onto him. She put a little more effort into it than needed, her slippery hands pumping on him till he throbbed. Rick couldn't help but grin, thinking about her lubed hands on him earlier in the week.

"Yes Daisy-san. Wax on-"

"-Whack off," Daisy finished, rolling her eyes at him, as this was not the first time he'd made the joke. Her hand was sliding on him easily, his cock nice and hard in her hand. "He's all ready for you Marie."

"Thanks," Marie said as she stepped over him, coming down in an easy squat over his hips. Daisy aimed Rick's cock at Marie's glistening pink anus.

"Rolling," Brent said quietly as he and Tim took up position.

"Action."

"Mm, I can't wait for this cock to plow my tight little asshole," Marie said into the camera as Daisy rubbed him against her butt. Lining him up, Marie hissed through her teeth as she slowly pressed her way down Rick's cock. He popped in rather easily, groaning a little as he slipped into her hot wet butt.

"Oh fuck, look at that," Daisy said, cupping Marie's pussy in her hand, rubbing her clit as her hips began to pump up and down. "Mm, like that sensei? Her ass nice and tight?"

"Oh yeah!" Rick played along. Daisy glanced at him and he subtly shook his head: Marie felt hot and smooth on him, but not that tight. She looked away, trying not to laugh.

Marie stayed right where she was, her hips pounding down again and again. She never stopped moaning and calling out as she fucked herself on him. Daisy moved around a lot, sometimes playing with Marie, sometimes with Rick. Without any cameras on him Rick felt mostly forgotten, little more than a functioning cock for the scene.

Rick closed his eyes and thought back to when Daisy was over two nights ago. They had spent the day people watching at a street-side bar, which really amounted to getting drunk and pointing out hot people to each other. They had come home sweaty, horny, and a little drunk.

Rick relaxed, remembering how they had quickly moved from the couch to the bedroom, slipping into an easy 69. He remembered her scent filling his world, her mouth an insistent, sucking vacuum on his cock. He could feel her tongue stud, a hard knob moving up and down his shaft...

When Rick opened his eyes he found himself face to face with Daisy's ass as she straddled his midsection. She was looking over Marie's shoulder as she reached around, playing with the blonde's breasts as she bounced away on his cock. Suddenly confronted with the sight of his fantasy, coupled with knowing what Daisy was doing above him, and Rick could feel his orgasm rushing.

He quickly tapped Marie on the butt, the tall blonde quickly hopping off of him as she and Daisy moved to their knees by his side. He stood, ripping the condom off and turning to the two beauties. Daisy quickly grabbed his shaft, her hands pumping him. He came with a soft grunt, his cum spurting thickly across Marie's cheek and forehead. His next pulse caught Daisy across the bridge of her nose, and she quickly pulled him close and pumped him slowly, aiming the rest of his load into her open mouth. Rick just kept spurting, having followed Paul's advice on how to guarantee a big load for the camera. Through it all Daisy stared up at him, her dark brown eyes playful and challenging. As his orgasm slowed to a dribble, Rick stepped back and the cameramen swooped in, filming as the two girls shared a deep, passionate, tongue-filled, cum-swapping kiss. As they made out, some errant cum dripped down their chins. Rick had to admit: it was hot.

"Thanks for showing us that technique, sensei," Marie said as she wiped some cum off of Daisy's chin, sucking her finger clean. Daisy simply crooned in response as the cameramen both panned away for the end of the scene.

"And cut. Nicely done everybody," Sally said as she stepped forward with two robes for Daisy and Marie. "The locker room is right through there, I'll show you..." Sally left with the two stars, leaving Rick breathing heavily and naked with the two cameramen.

"So, uh, you and Daisy are seeing each other?" Brent asked, looking away while Rick put on his underwear.

"Uh yeah, yeah we are," Rick replied as he pulled a shirt out of his gym bag.

"She seems pretty cool," Brent offered as he ejected and labeled his tape.

"Yeah," Tim agreed. "A lot of these girls are total cunts."

"Noted," Rick said, pulling on his flip-flops and heading out of the cramped room before he was forced to talk to the camera guys anymore. He found Tony waiting at the front desk, a smirk on his face.

"And how was your night?"

"Strangely unpleasant," Rick groused.

"What?"

"It just... This one wasn't nearly as fun as the others, is all."

"Sounded to me like you guys were having fun, I dunno..."

"That was just acting, I think."

~~~~~~~~~~~~~

"So you and Rick are dating, huh?" Marie asked as she emerged from the toilet, heading directly into the shower stall.

"Uh, yeah. For a couple months now," Daisy said as she finished rinsing off.

"He seems okay. Not like a lot of these guys."

"Oh yeah, he's great." Daisy stepped out of the shower and started drying off with the tiny, too rough towel, which was all the gym seemed to keep in stock.

"Nice cock too. A lot of these guys are like fucking donkeys. Feels like they're trying to drive your cervix into your sternum."

Daisy laughed, thinking it was the only normal reaction to discussing the pros and cons of your boyfriend's dick.

"How long have you been doing this?"

"Porn?" Marie asked with a laugh. "A bit more than two years. I saw you'd only done a few scenes so far?"

"Yeah, this is my fifth. Sally signed me to a three-shoot deal with an option for a fourth. I've been wondering if I want to re-up with them, but I'm not sure..."

"You could do a lot worse. Slambros has good exposure, and they pay above the standard rate, generally. My advice?" Marie said as she pulled the curtain aside and stepped out, her fantastic body shining with moisture. "You should get a boob job."   "Pardon?"

"To be competitive you need at least a solid C, but I think you could go larger. You're so tiny, so a big pair of tits will really pop, y'know? Bigger is always better."

"I guess..." Daisy said, eyeing the tall blonde more closely. Marie's boobs looked great, but having felt them during the shoot Daisy knew they were fake. Really good fakes, but fake. How many boob jobs has she had?

"And I don't know if you've done anal yet, but don't make the same mistake I did."

"What's that?" Daisy wondered if it had to do with the donkey-cocked costars that Marie seemed to be used to.

"I just did an anal scene, in like my second shoot. And they paid more, but I realized I'd missed a big opportunity. Sites love to be able to slap 'in her first anal scene!' on shit if they can. You've got to build to that, and then make them pay out the nose, y'know? Like I did with my DP."

"Uh, right."

"But you play it right you can get a couple extra hundred, maybe even a grand out of them, y'know?" Marie said absently, rubbing the rough towel over her tits and belly. "Rick okay with you fucking other guys?"

"Well, uh..."

"Right. My guy was pretty cool with it right up until I started doing DPs." She shrugged, pulling on her underwear. "Ugh, that reminds me I've got a group scene day after tomorrow. Blech."

"Group scene?" Daisy couldn't help herself. "Like tonight or..."

"More like a gang bang. Well I dunno, is four guys a gang?" It was said with a laugh, but Daisy knew gallows' humor when she heard it. "Shit, whenever it's more guys then holes, right?"

"How much longer are you gonna do this?"

"I figure I've got maybe six months before I'm over the hill," Marie said with a shrug. "But by then I'll have enough put away to practically retire, or start my own business. I mean whatever. I won't be a fucking cum target anymore, is my point. I swear, I think after this I'll be celibate for a year. Or five. I mean seriously, men are such fucking apes."

"Uh, right." Daisy was lacing up her sneakers and desperate to escape, but at the same time she could hardly ignore the woman. "So... Do you regret it at all?"

"Hey, I made a choice and I'll live with it. I mean, and this is just the way I thought on it, if I was going to be a pornstar I wasn't going to half-ass it. Do it, and do it for real, for as long as I could keep it up. I knew I was never gonna be a model or nothing, you know? Some of it sucked, but I've got money in the bank, a condo, a 401k... It wasn't all for nothing."

As Marie talked, she absently got dressed, pulling on a simple t-shirt and jeans. Daisy thought she looked better without the caked on make up, but between the bleach blonde hair, the over-surgeried face, fake tits, and collection of "sexy" tattoos, Daisy couldn't help but think that she looked pretty haggard.

Daisy's heart jumped as she had a sudden vision of herself in three years: Fake blonde hair, fake blue eyes, giant fake tits, huge horrible tribal tattoo all over her back, her pussy a gaping cavern after miles of cock had pounded their way through her. Dried up, bitter, alone, and totally going to retire in six months... Daisy snapped out of it, standing up suddenly.

"I gotta get going. But it was really nice meeting you."

"I'll walk out with you," Marie said, stepping into her crocs and grabbing her small bag.

Daisy walked briskly to the front of the club, Marie trailing behind. They found everyone else waiting for them, the cameraman having quickly packed up their gear as if they were never there.

"Ready to go?" Rick asked as he fished out the keys. Daisy nodded emphatically as Rick opened the front door and everyone filed out

"Nicely done everyone. I feel like we were just part of something out of Ocean's 11," Sally said as she handed out envelopes to Marie, Daisy, and Rick. "Really good shoot, seriously. It'll make a great launch video."

"Great," Daisy said, feeling that it was anything but.

"Yeah, thanks. Tony, if you could escort Ms. Phoenix to her car?" Rick was desperate to get out of there, but he knew Tony had done him a huge favor.

"Not a problem Rick. I'll see you Friday?"

"You know it. Thanks man."

"It was an adventure. Night Daze. Ms. Phoenix?" Tony indicated the way to the parking lot.

"Such a gentleman!" Marie laughed. "It was nice to meet you Daisy. Good luck with that stuff we were talking about. Rick, nice to work with you," she said very professionally as she set off to the parking lot with Tony in tow.

"Back atcha. Daisy, I-Daze?" Daisy was already half-running to Rick's car. Rick glanced to Sally, who could only shrug as she indicated he should probably follow his girlfriend. "Hey, hey babe what's wrong?"

Daisy didn't say anything as she quickly climbed inside and shut the door behind her. Rick went around to the driver's side and climbed in.

"I don't think I can do this anymore." It was said with such utter finality.

"Wait, what? What's the matter?"

"This, this fucking job, this porn shit. I can't do it anymore. I'll end up a dried out old slut with a fucking yawning cunt and an ass like a hallway and horrible tattoos and god knows what else..."

"Hey, hey, hey, easy, easy baby," Rick said, taking her hands. "What bought all this on?"

"Marie. She's been doing this two years and... Well, god, I can't even imagine what she must've used to look like, first of all. And she gets fucked like a couple of times a week by guys she can barely stand. She was talking about taking on a fucking gangbang like I talk about pulling a crap shift! It's not even acting, it's just... Plumbing. Just holes to stick cocks in and make a scene."
