 Ingrid withdrew her fingers from my mouth, and then joined Dorothy and I on the couch, so that we were all snuggled up with myself comfortably in the middle, content for the moment, but hardly satiated. The ladies were both naked, and I was wearing only a polo shirt. We seemed to be completely alone, the other guests having gone home or upstairs. At length Dorothy said, "Well... Who tastes the best?"

I was momentarily taken aback, but then replied, "I couldn't say. You both taste delicious."

"We're not going to let you off the hook so easy," said Dorothy. "Here -- try me." Whereupon she leaned back luxuriously and rubbed her right hand in a circular motion over her puffy, rose-colored pussy lips, after which she dipped her fingers generously inside and then offered them to my lips. 

"Mmmm... that is good," I gasped.

"Let me try," she said with a wicked grin, and dipped her fingers inside again, after which she sucked them dry with ostentatious gusto. "Damn, I'm good," she said. 

"Ingrid, I need another taste to compare," I said.

It was Ingrid's turn to lean back and explore her pussy with both hands. She closed her eyes and smiled as she slowly worked her right hand's fingers in and out, while massaging her clit with her left. She opened her eyes and smiled at Dorothy and myself, saying, "Don't rush me." Finally she brought her right hand, glistening with nectar, to my lips, and I sucked her fingers noisily.

"It's too close to call," I said.

"Let me see for myself," said Dorothy with a lascivious chuckle, and leaned across me to placed her hand on Ingrid's cunt. She began to stroke and explore it, while meanwhile her large and arousing breasts brushed against my chest. I felt my cock begin to stir again.

"Ooooh," cooed Ingrid, "Keep that up. I want to taste my best for you."

Suddenly there was a soft sound of someone's throat clearing. We looked up to see a very tall woman with a complexion the color of dark toffee, her hair died a honey-blond and done up in braids, and who wore a rather modest dress of green satin. She was carrying two unopened bottles of champagne.

"No one else seems to be here," she said in a lilting accent, probably west African. "I'd like to share these with someone."

"Fine, join us," purred Dorothy, without removing her hand from Ingrid's cunt.

"Why, thank you so much," replied our new guest. "My name is Angela. I'll get some glasses."

With that she disappeared for a moment into the next room, and returned with four champagne glasses. As she returned, Dorothy withdrew her hand and tasted it with obvious approval.

Angela expertly opened a bottle of champagne and poured us each a glass. We introduced ourselves; I suddenly felt a little awkward, speaking to a gracious and somewhat reserved lady who had just come upon a tableaux that reeked of sex. However, the bubbly seemed to loosen everyone up again quickly, there was some light, flirtatious conversation, and then Angela said to me shyly, "Phil, your shirt is still on. Let me help you out of it."

She stood up, so I did as well. With both of us barefoot, she was as tall as I, six feet and one inch high. She seized the bottom hem of my shirt and raised it, while I put my arms up straight to assist her. As she brought it up over my face she stopped momentarily, so that my arms were trapped in the shirt above my head, and leaned in to kiss me, slowly and sensuously. She broke away, allowing me to take the shirt off, and then kissed me again, with a look of dreamy excitement in her eyes. She stepped closer to me, and I felt my cock spring to life, brushing against her thighs. She felt it, too. Her mouth opened wider and her kiss became more passionate.

I was completely aroused now. I fell to my knees in front of her and began to unbutton the buttons that went up the front of her dress. She stepped closer to me, shifting her weight from foot to foot. She was slender, but looked strong and athletic. I got the dress unbuttoned to the point where I could see her panties, a turquoise colored cotton bikini. She parted her legs a bit, and put her hands tentatively on my head, playing with my hair. I began to nuzzle her thighs, where the pubic hair was spilling out from inside her panties, and then I began to teasingly run the very tip of my tongue along the growing wet spot on her panties' crotch.

She began to grip my hair a little tighter, but I continued to tease her, until she moaned, pulled away, and struggled out of the panties. Then she stepped toward me again, bunching her dress around her waist with her hands, and thrust herself toward me, knees spread and slighly bend, a pose that was involuntarily and urgently lewd.

Her pussy was displayed for me now in all its glory, jet black and with glistening pussy juice spilling out along the line where her engorged cunt lips met. I put my hands on her ass and began drawing my tongue gently along her crack, savoring the enticing sweetness. She bent her legs more, exposing her folds to my mouth as much as she could, and I could no longer restrain my self from plunging my tongue slowly into the depths of her cunt.

I began to ravish her pussy with my mouth, and suddenly I was dimly aware of the padding of feet around us. I felt a pair of breasts against my back, and a hand confidently seizing my cock from behind me, a cock that was rock hard and aching for attention. For an instant I tore myself away from Angela's cunt, and saw another pair of hands, from behind her, removing her dress and brassiere. I didn't know who these hands belonged to, but then Ingrid's head appeared, leaning over my hip to somewhat awkwardly take my cock in its mouth, and I knew then that it must be Dorothy's fingers that were pinching Angela's nipples. I thought to myself, this is so hot, and then I abandoned myself to the ecstatic thrill of sucking Angela's cunt for all I was worth.

Angela was grinding her pussy fiercely against my tongue now, and her fingers had a formidable grip on my hair. She was cumming, too -- explosively, with gushers of juice all over my face. And despite the difficulty of access, Ingrid's lovely mouth, swallowing my cock, was seconds away from enjoying my orgasm as well, but I had other ideas.

I stood up and looked Angela in the eyes. I found it very exciting that her eyes were level with my own, and I drew her close, kissing her passionately. Then abruptly I seized her ass and lifted her off the ground.

Instinctively, she swung her legs to the outside of mine, and locked her calves behind my knees, as I lowered her pussy onto my cock. It slid in perfectly, and she gave me an involuntary squeeze with her cunt muscles that almost made me cum right then. I held back and began to move her up and down, feeling her clit and vulva drag deliciously along the top of my cock.

Dorothy and Ingrid clung to us as well, with Ingrid caressing my ass and Dorothy's fingers still busy on Angela's nipples. Then Dorothy began lifting Angela's breasts to my mouth, encouraging me to suck them. Angela had lost all of her reserve and was moaning up a storm. Then Ingrid was saying in my ear, "I want to eat Dorothy's pussy. Tell me to eat her pussy." I was a bit distracted, but Ingrid continued to insist, "Tell me to eat her." As I felt the sudden imminent pressure of my orgasm, I gasped to her, "Eat Dorothy's pussy," and then I began to shoot deep into Angela's cunt as it spasmed tightly around my cock.

Stay tuned for part three.