 Matt was going to be late for work. But there was no help for it now. 

As he usually did, he woke before the alarm even went off, 5:45 reaching for the clock, shutting it off before it was to sound at 6:00. He gave his still sleeping wife Julie an affectionate smile, though she'd never know it of course, crawling out of bed. Showered, shaved, dressed and ready for work, Matt headed down to the kitchen where coffee was already made and waiting for him. He sat reading the paper, enjoying his first cup, taking a few glances at his watch. Nearing 7:00 he would soon have to wake his wife allowing her plenty of time to get up and dress and off to work herself.

Matt was ruggedly handsome with salt and peppered hair, hazel eyes more blue than green, and for his fifty years, still in pretty good shape. An avid outdoorsman, he and Julie spent as much time camping, hiking enjoying nature as they could on most weekends. Having to wear a suit and tie everyday to work drove him nuts. When the weekends came, it was all Julie could do to keep him clothed, not that she actually minded as she enjoyed their naked nature hikes every bit as much as he did. 

A professional herself, Julie hated having to dress up for work as much as he did. Reddish-blonde neck length hair, a more than ample chest that Matt was always copping a feel of whenever he could. And though shorter than he was by nearly seven inches, at just over five feet, Matt had teased her about her feistiness, which she claimed she had to be in order to make up for her shorter than average size.

It was now 7:00, time to wake her and then head off for work. He had a light morning, but a heavy afternoon schedule which would no doubt keep him from getting home at a reasonable time this evening. It was going to be a long day.

Matt reached the top of the stairs and could hear the shower running. She was already up. He decided to at least peek his head in the door, give her a good-bye kiss, hopefully without getting wet, then head off to work. The door wasn't fully closed, the steam from her hot shower already escaping into their bedroom. "I'm off..." he began saying as he stepped inside the bathroom, then froze. Julie wasn't in the shower yet. She stood, one leg straight, the other resting bent at the knee atop of the toilet seat. She had what she affectionately called "her bathroom toy" which Julie kept in one of the drawers. As Matt had stumbled into the room, he saw her standing as she was, the majority of her dark blue humming little vibrator buried fully inside her as she stood, one hand caressing one of her full breasts, her nipples rock-hard. Eyes closed, she wasn't even aware of his presence so lost in her pleasures that he'd actually had to speak again before she even knew he'd been standing there watching her for several moments.

"Well, that certainly looks fun," he stood grinning, Julie only then realizing he was there as she looked towards him smiling, still stroking herself almost lazily with the toy.

"Oh yes...it is," she moaned pleasurably. "Want to join me?"

"I'm already going to be late now," he halfway hesitated.

"So? Be a little later then!" she urged him only then picking up the tempo so he could see her sliding the slim toy in and out of her quim with even greater purpose. "Or doesn't this interest you?" she challenged.

"Fuck...you know better than that," Matt said already reaching up to undo his tie.

Hurriedly he undressed hanging up his clothes, all the while continuing to watch his wife as she unabashedly stood there playing with herself. When finished, he walked towards her reaching out.

"No!" she said defiantly, stunning him into immobility. "I want you to watch me, while I watch you," she teased. "I want you to be a horny little boy for me all day...I have a surprise for you when you get home this evening," she added increasing the teased torture.

"You remember? I will be working late?" he reminded. Julie merely smiled, nodding her head, then groaned as she thrust the vibrating toy about as deeply as it could go inside of herself.

"Play with it," she coaxed. "Let me see you jerk it Matt, I want to watch your face when you cum, I want to see your big beautiful cock squirting as you stroke it for me. As you watch me when I do."

"Fuck," Matt moaned, already beginning to do just that. "So what is the surprise?" he tried.

"You'll see...tonight," she teased sliding over to stand beside him as they both now stood in front of the mirror. 

They'd videoed themselves before. It was erotic to actually watch as they made love. It never failed to turn them both on, succumbing to the needs long before the tape they had made was even halfway through. But standing here side by side, watching one another in the mirror as they both stood, touching, pleasuring themselves was like an out of body experience. Looking up at one another, as well as themselves as they unashamedly touched, pleasured, and played for one another was without a doubt one of the most erotic things they had done together in a very long time.

"Shit baby...I'm going to cum already," Matt admitted, unable to control the urge and desire for much longer.

"Me too," she grinned, already beginning to shake, "Watch me, while I watch you," she said in a near whisper. "Cum with me."

It was a totally unique experience. As Matt stood, the sudden appearance of the first white ribbon of spunk arching across towards the mirror, hitting his mirrored self in the chest, Julie's sudden deep-throated groan as she broke her self-imposed rule, reaching over to grab him, forcing his hands away as she continued pumping out his semen as they continued standing side by side. Her orgasm ricocheting throughout her body like a pin-ball machine going tilt, shaking, quivering still jacking her husbands cock just as wildly as they stood together watching one another climax in the mirror.

#

Julie had certainly been right about one thing, he'd felt like a horny teenage boy all day. Even during the long boring meeting that had been scheduled, he found himself sitting there wondering what the hell her surprise was. The mere thought of which soon caused him to sit, squirming uncomfortably as his erection grew.

"Matt? We need to take a break?" His boss had even questioned at one point. "Maybe we should take five or ten minutes," he'd suggested. Panic had set in then for him momentarily. There was NO way he was going to be able to stand and not reveal the predicament he'd found himself in.

"Ed? If we can actually wrap this up sooner, I'd rather do that. I can wait," he finished though noting several expressions of frustration at his having said that. But he saw Ed smile and nod his head in approval. Ed hated wasting any more time than what was absolutely necessary.

"If we don't get bogged down in discussion here," he charged giving everyone a quick glance, we should be through in another thirty minutes, unless someone can't wait that long of course."

To Matt's delight, no one said anything to the contrary.

Forty-five minutes later he was back in his office. He quickly called home to tell Julie he was on his way and would be there within the hour. All he got was their answering machine however, though he still left a message. Before his already renewed erection could cause him even further embarrassment, he grabbed his briefcase and headed out the door.

"Have a nice weekend Betty!" he told the receptionist as he passed her desk, careful to walk briskly by her without turning as he was already beginning to feel the noticeable press against his slacks.

"You too Mr. Morris!" she called back smiling. #

Matt made it home in record time. Surprised that most if not all of the house lights were off. Julie's car was in the drive however, so he knew she was home unless she'd gone out with friends. Though he couldn't imagine her doing that if she truly had a surprise waiting for him, unless the surprise was leftovers waiting in the microwave. And though she sometimes had a twisted sense of humor...that wasn't something that would keep him feeling like a horny little boy once he'd entered the house.

His fears were soon calmed however upon opening the door. A long string of single solitary candles had been lit, paving the way down the hall, up the stairs towards the bedroom. Matt grinned, his tie already tossed to lay crumpled carelessly at the foot of the stairs as he just managed to remove his suit jacket, leaving it to hang on the post of the banister as he began to half-quietly make his way up the stairs towards the bedroom.

Once he arrived, he'd expected to find Julie lying in bed waiting for him. Surprised, he saw the trail of candles continuing on towards the now closed bathroom door. "What the hells she up to?" he wondered to himself.

As he was now in the bedroom, he finished removing his clothing before approaching the closed door finally naked, anticipating that she would be too. "Julie?" he called out, not quite knocking, but giving her a moment to respond before turning the doorknob.

"Who else?" came her unexpected reply, followed by "You coming in or you just going to stand there talking to me through the door?"

Matt turned the knob, opened it, and stood there in wild-eyed surprise. He wasn't sure what to expect, his imagination seeing her soaking in a hot tub perhaps, filled with bubbles, wine poured waiting for them both. But no, instead, he saw her lying in the middle of the bathroom floor though she had placed their oversized fluffy bath Matt beneath her along with a couple of extra pillows, one she rested her head on, the other her ass.

She looked erotic as hell lying there like that, but it still threw him as to why she was. "What's up?" he questioned, only then noticing several items she'd set off to one side, each of them a curiosity in and of themselves.

"Remember me telling you that tonight is Steve and Darlene's anniversary?" she began.

"Yeah. Aren't we supposed to be going over there tomorrow night to help them celebrate it?" he asked.

"Yes. But something I didn't tell you, was that Darlene asked me to do her a little favor for their special night tonight."

"Oh? And that was?" Matt asked curiously. "Well, she wanted to do something a little special, a little naughty for Steve. But she needed my help because it was something she's never done before."

Even more curious, Matt pressed now taking a seat on the toilet as Julie seemed content to continue laying where she was, and made no overtures that he was to do anything more than he already was either.

"So what happened?" he asked feeling his cock rapidly stiffening as he sat gazing at his wife's luscious nude body.

"She wanted to shave her quim," Julie stated. "But she's never done that before, and she was a little nervous about doing it, so she asked me."

"She asked you to shave her pussy?" Matt blurted in disbelief.

It was a funny thing between them. Shortly after they had gotten married, Julie had told her husband that she never called her pussy...a pussy. For her, she always felt the term to be "little girlish" for some reason. And saying "pussy" just made her feel funny whenever referring to her femininity that way. She would never call it a "cunt" either, though oddly enough, she enjoyed it whenever Matt did. But that too was a word she would never use to describe herself. No...Julie's little affectionate word for her female self was "quim". She liked saying it, said it often, and after a time, Matt found himself saying it more often than not.

"You actually shaved her 'quim'?" Matt repeated now correcting himself. "When?"

"This afternoon," Julie told him. "I never went into work. We've had this planned, so I took the day off to give her a hand," Julie informed him. "I thought as part of your surprise tonight, you'd enjoy knowing and hearing about that."

Truth was, he was. He had admitted that he found Darlene attractive, and they had flirted just as Julie and Steve had on occasion. But it had never been anything more than that between any of them. Even the thought of ever seeing one of Darlene's breasts even by accident often caused arousal.

"You shaved her...'quim'," he again stated catching himself, now even more aroused than before. "I can't believe she actually asked you if you would do it!"

Julie laughed. "Yeah, sort of surprised me too, but there's more. Though just shaving her, telling you about it, and what I have planned was pretty much the entire surprise. There is a tiny bit more, but I'll save that for a little later."

"Later?"

"Yeah," she grinned reaching over to grab the container of cool-whip. "I thought that maybe you'd enjoy shaving me." "That's what the cool-whips for?" Matt asked.

"Ah huh...well that, and perhaps a bit more than that," she said grinning. "So...you interested in shaving your cute little wife's quim? Or not?"

Julie had always trimmed herself, especially for when summer came and she began wearing her bikinis again. But in all the years they'd been married, he'd never once seen her or known her without having fur. He'd once asked her about it, even hinted he'd like to see her shave her 'quim' he thought to himself, but she never had or never would for whatever reason.

"What made you decide to do this now?" he questioned excitedly, taking the razor she offered as well as the cool whip, which he now began dobbing on her in abundance.

"Well, you've always wanted me to do it for one thing, but for another, the more I thought about shaving Darlene's pussy," she said surprising Matt with the use of the term. "The more it began to excite and arouse me as well. So I thought...what the hell? Why not do it once and just see what it was like for the fun of it. So...you ready? Or would you just rather I do it?" she asked.

Matt didn't bother answering, spreading the cool whip a bit more evenly before taking the first tentative stroke with the new razor.

"So what else?" he asked as he began shaving her in ernst, though carefully as he did.

Julie laughed. "Well, that's sort of the really interesting part, but before I tell you, you have to promise to concentrate on what you're doing, or I'll stop you and finish doing it myself," she warned him.

"Ok," Matt calmly, though excitedly replied.

"Anyway, after I'd finished cutting off as much of her pubic hair with the scissors as I could, we decided it would be a lot easier for both of us if we just stood in the shower together while I actually shaved her."

"Oh god!" Matt moaned.

"Careful baby," she cautioned him once again. "Remember now...concentrate or I'll wait and tell you the rest of it after we're done here."

"Sorry."

Julie laughed, and then took up where she'd left off. "Naturally it was easier for me to undress as well."

"Naturally," Matt swallowed. "As I began shaving her, I could feel her tremble,"

"Ah huh," Matt swallowed once again, feeling himself tremble though he somehow managed to continuing shaving the fine mound of fur between his wife's legs without alarming her any.

"Looking up, I noticed that her eyes were closed. She was of course holding on to the balance bar inside the shower for support, but her free hand was actually cupping her breast!"

"Oh fuck!" Matt said forcing himself to stop shaving. "She was?"

Again Julie laughed. "That's what I said...though to myself," she told him. "Looking up at her as she stood there with her eyes closed, obviously aroused by what I was doing, soon had me feeling very aroused too!" she admitted.

"Then what?" Matt asked anxiously feeling his hard-throbbing prick nod it's own little head in eager anticipation for her to continue.

"Well that's when she sort of opened her eyes, looked down at me, and noticed me kneeling there looking up at her."

"Fuck!" Matt said once again, though he continued to slide the razor easily through the evenly smeared whipping cream. "Go on!" But Julie already had before he'd even said that.

"So there I was looking at her, she...looking down at me, obviously aroused,"

"Fuck!" Matt said interrupting her once again as she continued.

"Then, I surprised myself...and her,"

"How?"

"Don't know why I did it really, just a spur of the moment thing, but in the next instant, I allowed my finger to slide up the groove of her quim, felt the little knot of her exposed clitoris, and then tickled it."

"You didn't! Really?"

"Oh yeah...really!"

"Fuck!"

"Yeah...fuck!"

"And?"

Julie laughed. "Patience baby, you need a little more cream over on this side."

Matt scooped up a good fingers full and applied it to his wife's ever-growing smoothness.

"And then?"

"Well, and then...she moaned, closing her eyes. And then..."

"And then?" Matt knew Julie was teasing him on purpose now, his cock leaking like a sieve as he felt the first droplet of pre-cum ooze from the tiny little eye-slit.

"And then, I slipped my finger inside her."

"Oh fuck!"

"Oh yeah! Exactly. I began to slowly finger-fuck her now bare little quim. Shit Matt, even I couldn't believe I was doing it, or that she was allowing me too. I mean it's not like we discussed it, or even imagined anything like that might happen. It just did!"

Matt was too stunned to even speak, so he didn't. Continuing to shave his own wife's pussy now as she continued.

"Eventually she climaxed."

"No fucking shit!"

"No shit. And then..."

"Oh fuck Julie...just tell me! And then what?"

"After."

"After?"

"Yeah...after."

"After what?"

"After you finish shaving me, and then eating me. I'll tell you the rest after," she said with the wickedest evil looking grin on her face that Matt had ever seen before in his life.

"More cream?" he asked smiling back at her now already beginning to apply the cool whip to her now almost perfectly smooth bare skin. "Yes...please," she winked. "Now...shut up and eat my cunt!" she demanded.

Matt was only too happy to do just that.

#

Later...much, much later, Julie told him about the rest of the afternoon. She had stood in the shower with Darlene. Side by side they had held one another, toying, fingering and pleasuring one another for several very intense orgasms. When at last they had collected themselves, then dressing, they had gone downstairs for coffee.

"Are you ok with what happened?" Darlene had asked.

"Yes of course, why?"

Darlene giggled. "Because, I have one more favor to ask."

"What's that?" Julie had asked.

"She said what?" Matt asked again having heard her clearly the first time.

"She asked me if I'd be willing to shave Steve. He's always wanted her too, but she's always been afraid to do so in fear of really nicking him up. So she asked me. Provided of course you were ok with it."

Matt sat on the edge of the bed shaking his head. They'd just had one of the most intense sessions of lovemaking in his entire life right in the middle of the bathroom floor. Julie had masturbated him using the whipping cream before devouring him with her mouth where she'd licked up not only the last traces of the cool whip, but every bit of his own brand of whipped cream too.

"So? Would it bother you if I did?" she asked again.

"No, not really. But where would Darlene and I be during all this?" he asked curiously.

"Right there," Julie told him. "Darlene wanted to be, but she also told me that she wanted to do something else while I did."

"And what was that?" Matt asked her.

"Suck you off. She thought it was only fair that she do that if you were to be ok with me shaving her husband."

Matt was speechless. "Suck...me...off?" he barely managed. "What about Steve? Doesn't he have some sort of say in all this?"

Julie grinned. "Well see, it's sort of like this. She already asked him earlier. When she mentioned that I would be willing to do the shaving. He said that as long as you were ok with all this...then he was."
