 Linda believed herself to be in love with Kevin, her older brother's best friend since grade school. He was five years older then her and paid little attention to Todd's kid sister. Oh, he teased her now and then as they were growing up, but other then that, he rarely noticed her at all.

Linda was crazy about Kevin and had been from the first time she ever saw him. She was only ten years old at the time and in her eyes, Kevin was the most handsome and wonderful boy in the world. She followed him around whenever he happened to be at the house with Todd, pestering the two boys by her presence. This lasted until the boys left for college when she was just thirteen. Linda never stopped longing for Kevin to notice her.

Life, with it's twists and turns led Linda along the path of a normal young girl in Southern California. She dated boys her age, went to proms and parties, spent weekends going to the beach with friends, studied, saw movies, did all the things a teenager usually did. But she never had a steady boyfriend, because deep down, she was sure that someday Kevin would want her. 

When Kevin happened to come home at Spring Break or some other holiday with Todd, Linda's world would turn topsy-turvy. She would stare at him and sigh. Get tongue tied and blush when he spoke to her and in general act like a lovestruck kid. Her father and brother teased her endlessly about it. Linda just ignored their jokes and laughter, pretending it wasn't true that she just 'liked' Kevin.

When she was seventeen, she was told that Kevin was engaged to be married and was more then upset by the news. Her heart was broken and she sobbed herself to sleep at night for a whole week. When the day of his wedding arrived, she pretended to be ill so she wouldn't have to attend it. She just couldn't stand to see him marry someone else.

During those teen years, Linda bloomed and blossomed into a beautiful young woman. Her natural red hair was thick as it fell below her shoulders in curls and waves. She had piercing green eyes, almond shaped with long lashes and a twinkle in them that appeared whenever she laughed and Linda laughed often. Her body developed into that of a woman by the time she was eighteen. Her 38DD breast's were firm and perfectly shaped. She turned many a man's thoughts to lust with her heart shaped ass and tiny waist. She stood 5' 7" with long, lovely legs. She also had the temperament associated with redheads. Hot tempered and hot blooded with a thirst for life. 

She had gotten a job in the front office of a law firm and worked part-time while attending college. She had no lack of invitations for dates but rarely accepted them. She moved out of her parents home and into a cute apartment close to school and her job. Life continued at a busy pace for her and she had little time to be lonely.

A client of her boss noticed the lovely redhead one afternoon at the office and approached her with an offer to model. He owned a fashion magazine and a line of popular clothing. Linda was flattered by his offer, but what got her to accept was the amount of money the job would pay, plus she would get to travel. She wasn't as thin as a models usually are, but Mr. Moss felt she would be great at it with her natural beauty. Linda accepted his offer but told him she wanted to finish her last semester of college before doing so. He agreed and the deal was set.

With thoughts of a whole new life ahead of her, Linda left the small town she'd grown up in and put her thoughts of Kevin behind her. She was about to start a new, exciting life and looked forward to the adventures it would bring. Her first day at "Le Fashions" was hectic and exciting at the same time. She was told to change into various 'outfits' and shown where and how to pose for the photographer, Paul. She was a natural and loved being in front of the camera. Everyone raved at the first set of photos, showing the beautiful redhead in different settings, wearing very sexy and reveling garments. At first she felt uncomfortable with the clothing they ask her to wear, but in no time at all she relaxed and started to enjoy herself. She was now twenty-one years old and responsible for herself.

The days and then weeks went by quickly with Linda posing in front of the camera in sexy poses and wearing less and less clothes. She got used to being almost bare and it no longer surprised her to be given very skimpy things to put on. In fact, she began to enjoy the attention it brought to her. She still thought of Kevin now and then, but wasn't consumed with the longing for him that she had once felt. Now she hung around with the other models, photographers and all sorts of people associated with the fashion industry.

One afternoon Linda had just finished a shoot and was still dressed in the sexy outfit she had worn for the last picture when a good-looking man approached her. "Hello, you looked hot today. I loved the way you pose, so sexy." he said before introducing himself as Matt Heartman. He told Linda he was owner of a company that produced videos and wondered if she might join him for dinner. Linda found Matt very attractive and decided to accept his invitation. She gave him her address and phone number. He told her he would pick her up at seven that evening.

Dinner was great, Linda thought Matt to be the sexiest man she had ever met and looked forward to seeing him again when he dropped her off at her apartment afterwards. Several days later Matt called and ask if she would join him for a party that friends of his were giving. She said she'd love to go with him. The night of the party, Matt raved at how beautiful Linda looked when he picked her up. She wore a sleek, skin tight black dress that showed every curve and lots of cleavage. Her red hair was loose and curling around her heart shaped face. She had done her make-up expertly and her eyes appeared even more exotic then usual. She could tell Matt was pleased by the way she looked.

The party was at the house of a movie producer, Linda wasn't aware that the movies he produced were x-rated porno films. The people at the party consisted of many porn stars as well as rich men and women in the industry. Not just the porn industry, but the regular movie industry too.

Linda saw a number of famous people there and was amazed to be there rubbing elbows with them. Matt introduced her to a lot of people and soon Linda was in conversation with a male star she had always thought to be quite handsome. It turned out he was gay, which was a big letdown to her. She enjoyed the whole evening and thanked Matt for taking her to the party. When he dropped her off at home, his kiss was deep and long. He reluctantly left her at the door to her apartment when it was obvious she wasn't inviting him inside. As he drove away, he smiled to himself and decided that would soon change. He had plans for the beautiful Linda, big plans.

Matt took Linda out several more times and she enjoyed herself each time. He was always fun to be with, but she just didn't feel romantic towards him. She was honest with him about it one night and he seemed very understanding. That was the night Matt decided it was time to set his plan in motion. Linda was about to become well known, like it or not.

Linda was getting dressed for a date with Matt. He hadn't told her exactly where they were going, but he did tell her to dress sexy and to bring a swimsuit along. It was an unusual request but Linda didn't think much about it as she got ready to go. She put on a little emerald green dress that clung to her body, showing her ample curves and looked hot with her red hair. Matt was pleased when he arrived to pick her up and told her she looked great.

After dinner at a small restaurant, Matt drove Linda high in the hills and into an expensive neighborhood. He pulled onto a driveway that led to a huge house nestled close to the hills. It was very secluded and private. The door was answered by a middle aged man who leered at Linda when they entered. They followed him to the living room where several other men were having drinks and talking. Linda noticed two other women besides herself. One was a lovely blonde and the other had jet black hair that hung straight all the way past her ass. The blonde's hair was stylishly short and curled around her face, which was quite pretty. Her eyes were a sky blue color, fringed by thick black lashes. The dark haired woman was very pale complected and wore a slash of red lipstick that accented her white skin. Both were very attractive.

The man that had led them in now brought drinks to Matt and Linda and introduced them to the others in the room. "Excuse me babe, I have some business to discuss here." Matt told her. He left her sitting alone sipping on her drink. The other women walked over and sat near her and made small talk. Linda began to feel very relaxed and realized it was the drink making her feel that way. She wasn't used to drinking and didn't want to end up drunk so she sat it down on the table next to her chair. Without realizing it, Linda kept picking up the drink and sipping it. The man, Brad, refilled it without her noticing.

Linda felt very good. Someone had put music on, very sexy music and had turned the lights down. Linda swayed to the beat and didn't think it odd when Natalie, the dark haired woman, ask her if she would like to dance. Linda stood up and the two of them started to dance seductively to the music. Their eyes were locked and Natalie moved closer to Linda, touching her back and shoulders then gently pulling her close. Both girls swayed and moved against each other slowly. Marla, the blonde, joined them after a few minutes, running her hands over the front of Linda's dress. Linda's head was tilted back and her eyes were half closed. She forgot about the men in the room and only heard the music. She felt Marla's hand cup her breast and sighed. Marla reached out and lowered the straps to Linda's dress, then moved close and began to trail her soft lips over Linda's shoulders. Natalie slowly slid Linda's dress down over her hips and let it drop to the floor. Linda stepped away from the fallen dress and continued to dance seductively with the girls. It was very erotic to see the three beautiful girls dance together. Linda hadn't noticed that several of the men had set up camera equipment and were filming the sexy dancers.

Marla and Natalie had both taken off their dresses too and now all three were in high heels and their undergarments. Linda wore black thong panties and bra, Marla was in sexy red garments, while Natalie wore a garter belt and bra. 

Linda hadn't noticed the round bed that had been on the far side of the room, due to the darkness in that area. She was slowly moved towards it by the other women. Now Marla was rubbing her breasts and had unhooked Linda's bra, freeing her large breasts. She leaned close and licked the nipples while Natalie peeled Linda's thong down over her ass, her tongue followed the same path. Linda's eyes were shut and her breath came faster as the two girls began to stroke, lick and suck her. She was slowly pushed back onto the bed as the beat of the music throbbed through her body. She felt her legs parted as Marla kneeled between them and opened her pussy lips to allow her tongue to explore her dampening cunt. "mmmmmmmmmmm...oh..oh" she moaned when her clit was sucked between Marla's lips. It felt heavenly! Linda's hips lifted toward the hot mouth planted between her legs. Natalie was squeezing Linda's tits and kissing her mouth. She pushed her tongue between Linda's lips and sucked on her tongue. Linda responded, grabbing the other girls head and kissing back deeply.

Now all three women were naked except for their high heels. They made an erotic scene, each very different and all very hot. 

Natalie positioned herself over Linda's face and started to rub herself on her lips. Linda's tongue darted out to lick and suck the juicy pussy above her. Marla had risen from the bed and was not wearing a strap-on as she opened Linda's legs and pressed the tip against her slit.

She started pushing forward into the wetness and soon the head of the dildo penetrated Linda's pussy, making her cry out in pleasure and lust.

Marla began to fuck Linda with the strap-on. She had obviously used one before and with expert ease she fucked the redhead beneath her, pumping in and out of her wet cunt with hard, sure strokes. Linda moaned and kept licking the pussy in her face. Her hand came up and she inserted a finger in Natalie's snatch. Natalie thrust her hips back and forth on Linda's finger, urging her to fuck her pussy. Linda inserted another finger and started finger fucking the raven haired beauty begging her to. She was close to orgasm and her hips started to buck and thrust harder. Marla reach around Natalie and grabbed her hanging tits, squeezing and rubbing them in the palms of her hands as she fucked Linda.

Linda started to cum and cried out as her body shook with the orgasm. Natalie moved off of Linda's face and took the strap-on from Marla who had rolled Linda over onto her stomach. She was inserting her tongue in Linda's asshole, her tongue thrusting quickly in and out of it. Linda shuddered and moaned loudly, begging to be fucked some more. Marla rose from the bed and moved out of the way so Natalie could get between Linda's legs. She had oiled up the dildo and now it slid easily between the crack of Linda's ass cheeks. She pushed against her asshole and the head of the cock impaled the redhead upon it. Natalie grabbed Linda's hips and pulled her to her hands and knees and pushed her hips forward. The strap-on slid into Linda's ass, making her cry out in alarm. She had never had anal sex and it was uncomfortable for a minute. Then as the black haired Natalie pumped in and out of her, Linda started to enjoy the feeling it gave her. Marla wiggled under Linda so she could lick her clit and have hers licked at the same time. Natalie continued to fuck the lovely redhead, slapping her ass cheeks ever once in awhile and leaving red marks on her fair skin.

Linda was out of control with lust. She couldn't get enough of the licking, sucking and fucking the two women were giving her and she loved it! She was really all that sexually experienced, she'd only had two lovers. Never in her life had she considered herself to be oversexed or bi-sexual, but here she was...fucking and being fucked like there was no tomorrow! And loving ever minute of it. She couldn't see the men in the shadows beyond the bed, nor was she aware of the cameraman catching the action on film. But had she known there was an audience, it wouldn't have made a difference except maybe to excite her even more. Linda had finally found what she was meant to do...and that was to fuck. Her life was about to go through another major change...

The three females on the bed pleasured each other for hours. Finally in the wee hours of the morning did they fall asleep in each others arms. Linda woke first and looked at the sleeping faces of the women lying next to her. Natalie's arm was across her chest and Marla's legs were tangled with Linda's. Linda smiled and started to finger Marla's sweet pussy, making it grow damp. As she slowly came awake, Marla moaned and rotated her hips, thrusting so that Linda's fingers moved deeper inside her wet cunt. Feeling the movement, Natalie opened her eyes and reached over to caress Linda's heart shaped ass. She wiggled down so she could tongue her asshole and insert two fingers in her pussy. She began to finger fuck her new friend lustily. Linda moaned and fucked Natalie's fingers while keeping a steady motion in Marla's pussy. The three spent the next hour fucking each other and taking turns with the strap-on. After all had cum a number of times they took a shower together and ended up playing some more in the spray of the shower.

After they got dressed and had exchanged telephone numbers, Linda went to find Matt. He was sitting in a room with several other men who where all gathered around a big screen television. Linda stopped and stared at the screen. On it, she saw herself and the other two women. It was very erotic to see the three of them together having sex. Pleasuring and pleasing each other. She felt her pussy getting wet again.

Matt saw Linda standing there and quickly rose to greet her. He had planned to show her the film later but now she had seen it, he hoped she would take it well. Instead of saying anything to her, he walked over and started rubbing her tits with one hand down her dress and the other hand worked it's way up under the hem and into her panties. Linda moaned as his fingers moved under the elastic of her panties and found her clit.

With a slight nod of his head, Matt summoned another younger man over to where they stood. The new man was very horny after having watched the film and quickly moved behind the beautiful redhead. Linda felt his stiff cock pressing between the crack of her ass. Her hand went around behind her and rubbed his hardness. The two men started undressing her and lowered her to the couch. While Matt knelt between her legs and licked her hot snatch, the other man had pulled her back onto his lap and was now pushing his cock into her ass, using her juices to make it slick. His cock slid inside her tight hole and throbbed. Linda moaned "oooooooh...oooooh..yes..fuck my ass with your hard cock!" Matt stood up and unzipped his pants then kicked them aside. He straddled Linda and inserted his dick inside her pussy. With a quick thrust of his hips, he was buried to his balls. Linda's eyes rolled back as she felt the two cocks fill her...the men started fucking her with steady strokes. She started to cum after a few minutes and her juices ran out her pussy and over the thighs of the men, coating Matt's cock with her cum.

Matt pulled out of Linda's sopping cunt and was replaced by another man, a stranger, Linda barely noticed. Her eyes were closed and little cries of pleasure issued forth from her throat. A third man joined them, pushing his cock between Linda's lips. She started sucking him off while the other two brought her to another orgasm. 

The cameraman decided he should get the unplanned orgy on film. He quickly set his camera up and went to work. There were now five men fucking the redhead. She didn't protest, she was enjoying every minute of it! She was sucking a cock, had one in her ass as well as one in her pussy and was busy jacking two more off with her hands. When everyone had finally cum, she was covered with their white cream. Her own juices were running down her legs. She left the room to take her second shower of the morning.

Later that day, Linda returned home and immediately went to bed for some much needed sleep. She was exhausted from her sexual escapades and quickly fell into a deep sleep. She woke refreshed and in good spirits. As she showered and dressed, she thought about what had happened the night before. Maybe she should feel bad or ashamed she thought, but she just didn't feel either...she had loved it! And couldn't wait to do something like it again.

Matt waited a couple of days before calling Linda. He figured she might be angry with him and would tell him to fuck off. When he did finally call, she sounded really happy to hear from him. "Women...can't ever tell about them," he told Danny, his producer when he had hung up the phone. They discussed Linda and the possibility of getting her to do a porno flick for them. The girl was hot and they wanted a piece of the action. Matt looked at his watch and told Danny "I've got a dinner date with our 'hot prospect,'...see you later." He stood, smiled and headed out the door, Matt was looking forward to seeing sexy Linda again. He was feeling pretty horny and was sure he could score with her.

Linda answered Matt's knock at her door wearing a mini-dress of a bright yellow color. She wore black high heel strappy shoes and black accessories, she looked good. Linda smiled at Matt and invited him right in. Her dress was cut very low and Matt couldn't help but stare at her tits jutting out with their nipples almost showing. Her lips were shiny and wet looking, it made Matt wanted to suck on them or her nipples, either would do just fine for starters.
