 Linda sat brushing her hair, her eyes on her reflection in the mirror but her thoughts a million miles away, her eyes, unseeing at that moment. She was thinking of the video she had just finished with her sexy co-star, River Fathom, her newest male co-star, and one of the best in the business. He was a babe and one hot lover! She had felt fire ignite from the moment he had touched her. But something just wasn't right.

Linda's got a dreamy look as she remembered how River had kissed her with what felt like real passion, his tongue licking her lips softly before plunging into her mouth, his strong hands holding her body tightly to his. She sighed as she recalled his hard body and his beautiful, hard cock.

River Fathom took care of his body, more so since he used it to make a living, plus he liked the way women reacted to it. His handsome face was a good thing, but his hard body counted more in the business of sex for sell. He was thirty years old and wanted to make lots of money as fast as he could so he could leave the industry and live in comfort for the rest of his life. He invested his earnings and saved every dime he got his hands on, hoping by the time he turned 35 he would be set for life. He had been in the x-rated movie business since he was 21, but was finally noticed when he played a role with Linda Badlan. She was a star and he had been just another cock until he met her. He could tell she had the hots for him and he planned to use it to his advantage any way possible.

Linda wanted to see River again, in her regular life and not just for a movie shoot. She wanted to fuck his brains out without a camera crew watching. And alone, not with another woman or man in on the action. She was sure the two of them could start a fire together! Linda finished brushing her hair and dressed. The white pants were skin tight, looking painted on and showing off her ass, a matching jacket gave her a more elegant look. Under the jacket she wore an emerald green silk blouse. She put real emeralds in her ear lobes and applied lipstick, took one last look in the mirror, grabbed her purse and headed out the door. Matt wanted to speak to her and she knew what it was about. Her contract would soon expire and he was worried she wouldn't sign back with Erotica Productions. He was right. She didn't plan to stay with them any longer. 

Linda wanted to start her own film studio. She had made big money over the past two years with Erotica and it was time to invest in her future. After all, she wouldn't be the Queen of Porn forever. She was going to get older and look it sooner or later. Linda was pretty sharp for her 24 years, the business and taught her a lot. She wasn't the starry eyed sex goddess everyone believed her to be and she would soon prove it.

Matt stood at the window in his office, looking down at the parking lot, watching Linda park her car, then get out and head towards the building. She was a stunner. He could see the bounce of her breasts as she walked. Matt smiled when he saw a couple of other men turn and look after Linda as she passed. Even from a distance, he knew they had lust in their eyes for the redhead. He felt his cock jump at the thought of Linda and her sexy body. She was one of the most sensual women Matt had ever known and she honestly loved to fuck.

Linda smiled at Matt and crossed her long, lovely legs. She was sitting comfortably as he paced the floor of his office. "Linda, won't you reconsider?" he asked. Matt knew they would be losing a lot if Linda left the studio.

"No Matt, I have thought about it for quite some time and it's what I'm going to do. I want to start my own film company and call the shots." she answered. 

"Look, we can work it out baby," he said, "You can have more 'say-so' in the films you do for Erotica, if that's what you want. Plus we'll pay you more money." He stood next to her chair, running his hand through his hair. Linda felt sorry for Matt, she hated to hear a man beg, it wouldn't change her mind though.

She touched his thigh and said softly, "I'm sorry Matt, no can do." 

Linda let her fingers trace the outline of Matt's cock through his pants. She felt it twitch and start to stiffen. She decided to give him a good-bye blowjob right there in his office. Linda reached out and unzipped Matt's pants, freeing his, now semi-erect, cock. "Mmmmmmmmm...yeah." she purred as she took it in her hand, wraping her fingers around it's girth. She leaned forward and took him in her mouth. Matt groaned and closed his eyes, letting her do what she did so well. 

Linda pushed Matts pants down until they fell in a puddle around his feet. He was naked from the waist down and her hands were running over his ass cheeks slowly while her mouth closed over his throbbing cock. Linda sucked him deep into her throat. She bobbed up and down on his stiff member for a few minutes. Then pulled away so she could lick and suck his balls. Her hands held him tightly to her face and she moved one finger to the crack of his ass, running it up and down, then pushing it into his asshole as she, again, took his cock into her throat. He was jerking his hips now, trying to thrust deeper into her mouth, his hands on the back of her head, pulling her to him.

Linda stopped sucking and told Matt "go lock the door baby." Then Linda was down on her knees before him, tongue darting, licking and swirling over his hard member. She took his balls in her hand and gently squeezed. Up and down his pole her mouth worked, licking and sucking. Her saliva making him slick, pre-cum leaked from the tip, she licked it off as quickly as it appeared. Matt put his hands on Linda's head, tangling his fingers in the silky strands of red hair. He was close to shooting his load down her beautiful throat. 

Linda renewed her efforts, bringing Matt to a climax. Her mouth was warm and wet around his shaft as she bobbed her head up and down it's length. She felt his balls tighten and chose that moment to deepthroat his cock. She had no problem taking it all. Matt couldn't stop himself as he shot his load of hot cum straight down Linda's waiting throat. She swallowed fast, squeezing his balls as she gulped his cum down. "Augggggggggghhhhhhhh DAMN!" Matt groaned loudly. Linda licked his cock clean, then stood up and smiled. 

"That was one for the road ,y friend.." she said. Matt watched her prepare to leave while he recovered from the blowjob. 

"Wait a couple of minutes Linda..I want to fuck you." 

Linda smiled warmly at him...then said, "No, not this time Matt. I've got things to do, places to go and people to meet, as they say."

Linda held her head up and walked briskly to her car. She felt more free and in control of her life then she had in a long time. Free to do things her way...whatever that might be. She drove directly to her lawyer's to finish the paperwork for 'Badlan Adult Productions,' her new company, then she went to meet with her film crew.

When Linda walked through the door to her new studio, she was greeted with cheers and catcalls from her new employees and friends. She grinned at them as she strolled across the room. Her director, Jack, was waiting for her with the actors and actresses that were to star in her first fuck flick. 

Terri Flash was the female lead...a beautiful, young woman with plenty of assets to entice viewers. Brent Stone was the male lead and a stud for sure. He was well built and better yet, well hung. His face was handsome but it was his cock that had made him well known. Linda had been in many films with him and always enjoyed it. The man had staying power and could fuck for hours. Several others, less known porn stars, stood nearby. 

"Are we ready to film today Jack?" Linda asked the skinny director.

"Yes indeed, we are ready babe." he answered, waving his hands for everyone to move to their places. 

The film was titled "Games People Play" and was loosely written about three couples who were into the swingers scene. Terri and Brent left the room and when the cue came, entered the room together, talking.

"Honey are you sure it's what you want to do?" Brent was asking the pretty co-star pretending to be his wife. 

"Yes baby, it gets me hot just thinking about you fucking another woman while I watch." she answered. The sound of a door bell interrupted their conversation and Terri went to answer it.

Linda walked into the scene and immediately all attention was on her. She looked hot. Her film pretend 'hubby' was River Fathom. Together on screen, they would burn up, both being very hot. The couples chatted until a third couple arrived, drinks were poured and the couples started to pair off in sexual embraces. Linda and River walked over to the huge bed and started undressing each other. The camera focused on them, watching each item of clothing being discarded to revel more flesh. Finally naked, Linda seductivly climbed into the center of the bed. River joined her and gave her a deep kiss while his hands explored her beautiful body.

The camera caught the glisten of moisture between Linda's thighs. She was hot for River and needed nothing to make it appear she was getting wet, she was a natural. River broke from the kiss and moved down Linda's body. When he reached her tits he stopped for a moment to give each one a good suck before continuing his journey downwards.

Linda gasped, then moaned when River's lips touched her pussy's lips. His tongue darted between them, licking her sweet juices. Another man joined them on the bed. Brent loved filming anything with Linda! She was the best because she sincerely loved what she did. He moved up near her face, pausing to squeeze her lovely tits and to lean down and kiss her mouth. Her hand found his cock and stroked it, then urged him to let her suck it. He was more then happy with the plan and quickly inserted his stiffening cock in her mouth. Brent groaned as her tounge swirled and danced over his hard member.

Terri joined the three on the bed, moving between Rivers legs and laying on her back so she could suck his cock while he ate Linda. Brent re-positioned himself so he could eat Terri's cute little snatch! The room was filled with the sounds and the smell of sex.

River moved up so he could fuck his leading lady, his cock throbbed in anticipation. He slid into her drenched cunt lips with expert ease. Terri moved over to suck and fondle Linda's tits while Brent continued to eat her pussy. The third couple decided it was time to get in on the action and crawled onto the bed. Cindy, new at doing adult films, was unsure of herself, but didn't have to think about it for long. Linda reached over and pulled Cindy above her and started licking her pussy, using a finger to open the girl up. The third guy, Lawson, was a short, well built man. What he lacked in height, he more then made up for in cock size.

Lawson stood a mere 5'6", but sported a 10" prick. It stood out in front of him as he watched the people on the bed.

Linda was looking forward to sampling that large manhood. River lunged forward into her cunt, he was balls smacking against Linda's ass. He loved the way her tight pussy felt around his cock.

Brent had moved around behind Cindy while Lawson positioned himself between Terri's legs. Her eyes grew wide as she looked at the massive cock about to enter her. She wasn't sure she could take him. Terri made herself relax when Lawson pressed his cock against her entrance. She was very wet, which helped him get the head past her swollen lips. She moaned loudly and her eyes rolled back when he plunged himself into her with one hard thrust. She felt like she was filled with cock, about to be split apart. Terri quivered with lust as Lawson began moving his monster cock in and out of her tight little hole. She moaned loudly, her breath came in quick little bursts and she kept looking down at the hugh cock she was impaled upon, her eyes wide with wonder. 

Linda watched Lawson fuck Terri and envied her a little. River was good, but he wasn't nearly as well endowed at Lawson and she had a craving for that massive manhood ever since she saw it. She watched Terri's eyes roll back in her head, then her lips parted and she screamed out her pleasure. It was such a turn on.

Lawson knew he had Linda's attention as he continued fucking Terri. When he had made her cum not once, but twice, screaming, he knew he'd be fucking the Queen next.

Linda always forgot the camera filming in the room. She was so into the sex, nothing else mattered. Now she moved out from under River and closer to Terri and Lawson. River frowned, it was obvious to him that Linda wanted Lawson to fuck her. Instead of letting her go, he grabbed her ankle and jerked her back. Before she could respond, he had penetrated her ass and was fucking it like there was no tomorrow. 

Linda couldn't believe River was being so brutal. She hadn't expected him to force himself on her like he was. She enjoyed anal sex, but it was something that had to be done slowly, not like this! He was ramming himself into her tight asshole again and again, causing her pain and making her angry. "Cut!" she yelled out angerily. Everyone froze except River, he kept slamming his cock into Linda as she wiggled and protested beneath him. Two of the crewmen grabbed him by his arms and pulled him away from Linda, who rolled over onto her back, eyes lit with angry fire. 

"What the hell do you think your doing?" she screamed at him. River glared back at her, then shook loose of the two men holding his arms. He walked out of the room without a word. Linda was shocked by his behavior and embarassed over the whole incident. She told everyone to take a break and went to find River. She soon found him getting dressed in the next room. 

He glanced at her as he continued to dress. "I'm sorry Linda, I don't know what came over me, I think I was jealous for a minute." he said in a low voice. 

Linda raised an eyebrow at his words. "Jealous?" she said, sounding surprised, which she was. After all, they were porn stars... not soap opera charaters. Her expression softened and she smiled when he looked over at her again. 

"We have a movie to make, come on.. lets go back to work." she said in a low voice, then turned to the door. 

River stood silently for another moment, then said, "Okay boss, be right with ya." Linda smiled again and went to tell the film crew to get ready to finish the shoot. Everyone sighed in relief and got back down to business. There were no more problems the rest of the afternoon.

River tossed his towel over the shower door and walked into his bedroom. He was thinking of what had happened with Linda that afternoon and wishing he had been a bit cooler instead of acting like a fool in front of everyone. "Bitch.." he muttered under his breath. He was jealous, jealous of her power in the business, not of her being with other men.

'Badland Films,' Linda loved to say it! Her very own company! Just three months into the business and they were doing great. Of course, with her in the films they were bound to do well. She was a very popular porn star. But it was time to find some new bodies for her films. People get tired of the same old faces all the time. She would have to work on that but now she had a dinner to attend with Matt. She slipped into a gold dress and finished applying her make-up. As she fastened her earrings on, the doorbell rang. She grabbed her purse and went to let Matt in.

Linda expected the dinner party to be just another one to get through, but was pleasantly surprised to see a strange face. It was another redhead, a very beautiful one! She knew most of the people in the business but this girl was an unknown, if indeed, she was even in the porn business. She appeared to be the date of a wealthy businessman and later Linda learned she was a private 'escort.' In other words, a high-price hooker. Speaking in a low voice to Matt, she pointed the young woman out and said, "I bet the camera would love her, don't you?" "Her face is perfect and take a good look at that body!" 

Matt raised an eyebrow and smiled at Linda, then said, "She reminds me of you babe, red hair and beautiful from head to toe. Yeah, I bet the camera would eat her up." She returned his smile.

"Make sure we are seated across from her at dinner, I want to get a good look at her." Matt nodded his head and left her for a few minutes, he returned to tell her all was as she wanted. He also told her he had found out the girl's name, it was Maxine Wells.

Linda was very excited about Maxine Wells, she had a hunch about the girl. Maybe, just MAYBE, this would be the face and body she needed for a new film she had in mind. The more she looked at Maxine, the more she felt sure of it. Now if she could talk to her, she could find out what she thought about such a possibility. Linda wouldn't mind having a little fun with Maxine too. She was very beautiful and together they would be hotter then fire! Before the evening ended, Linda had aquired the telephone number and address of Miss Wells, now all she had to do was approach her in a way that wouldn't put her off. She remembered she had business with River that couldn't be put off much longer, he had been an asshole during the last film and she wasn't sure she wanted to use him in another.

River was fired. He didn't take the news well and vowed that Linda would regret it. He would make sure of that. Two weeks after the dinner party, Linda was ready to contact Maxine Wells. During the days (and usually the nights), Linda found herself thinking of the redhead, and wondering if she was a 'natural?' "Mmmmmmmmm, maybe I can find out first hand." she decided. Picking up the telephone on her desk, Linda dialed the number she'd been given. 

After the third ring, a low-husky female voice answered, "Hello?" "Miss Wells?" a woman said into Maxine's ear. 

"Yes?" she inquired into the phone.

"My name is Linda Badlan, we attended the same dinner party recently, I sat across from you at the table." Linda said in introduction. 

"Ahh yes... Miss Badlan. I remember you." Maxine's face was flushed and she felt her excitement growing as she listened to the voice in her ear. 

"I would like to get together for, what? lunch maybe? I wish to speak with you if I may. I have a business proposition I'd like to discuss with you." Linda was saying.

"Of course, I'd be delighted to have lunch, say.. tomorrow?" Maxine answered quickly.

"Great!" Linda said, smiling at her end of the conversation. She also felt excited to be seeing the interesting, and sexy Maxine so soon. They spoke a bit longer, making plans to meet. An hour later Linda called Maxine again, asking if she minded having lunch at her home. Linda explained that she was a cook and would rather eat at home if it wasn't a problem. Maxine quickly accepted this new meeting. In fact, she loved the idea.

Linda didn't want to scare the girl off - so she would go slow in asking her to do a film with her company. She was dressed in a white blouse and a pair of levi's. Very casual. Linda thought nothing of the blouse being cut low, showing off cleavage and almost her nipples. She wore no bra. Her levi's were the 'stretch denim' type that molded to her ass. You could even see the lips of her pussy outlined in them. She wore no panties. She was making a salad for lunch and in the kitchen when she heard the doorbell ring. Linda sat everything aside and when to answer the door. Maxine wore a tight, little skirt made of denim material and a white, silk blouse. Standing in the doorway, the light behind her made her hair look like a the blaze of a fire burning around her beautiful face. It fell to her hip like a molten river of fire. Linda wanted to fuck Maxine very badly. She was surprised at how badly she wanted her. She felt her pussy grow damp and quickly invited Maxine in and closed the door.
