 Dear Diary

OMFG!!! I've just been crowned Queen of the Blowjobs! Well, I didn't get a crown actually. It looked more like I'd been hit in the face with a custard pie, I had that much cum on me. But I did it!!!

It all started last weekend at Penny Davison's party. She was all like, "It's the end of uni and my parents are away so I'm having a party." 

I don't really like her but her olds have got a flash place so I'm like, "Shit yeah!"

So I'm there with my bestie Sue and we're walking past Dave and I'm trying not to look at him coz since we broke up he's been acting like a total prick but I hear him saying something to his mates about how some chick called Vanessa has been giving him the best head ever so I say, "Fuck you, Dave. I gave you the best head you've ever had and you're ever gonna have." 

Dave comes back with, "You wish." He always was lousy at comebacks. 

So I say, "No way that little bitch of a girlfriend of yours sucks cock better than me," and when Dave tells me I'm dreaming I decide not to take any of his bullshit so I go, "I'll take her on any day." 

Then Dave's mate Paul (who's pretty cute, actually) says, "Alright, how about a blowjob competition. Amy versus Vanessa." And so that's how it started.

So tonight was the night. Paul had organised it all so we rocked up at his place (Sue insisted on being in the comp too, and Paul said that was cool. She's such a good friend -- I totally love her!). Paul was in a share house, and they had a big pool room downstairs which he'd cleared all the furniture out of and was calling 'The Stadium' like we were in a big football match of something. It was kinda cool -- made it feel like this was some sort of special event which I guess it was.

When Sue and me walked in, there was a big crowd of guys. Vanessa was there too, looking like a total slut. She has long blonde hair, big tits and a small arse -- so obvious. I thought Dave had better taste. She was wearing stilettoes she could barely walk in, a skirt that only just covered her arse and a little white t-shirt that looked like her boobs would explode out of it.

But, to be fair, Sue and I didn't look much better. My tits are big enough normally -- D cup, but because I've only got a slim waist guys sometimes think they're bigger -- and I'd bought a new push-up bra to wear underneath a little silky blouse that was unbuttoned so you could see EVERYTHING and a skirt that wasn't much shorter than Vanessa's. Sue was the hottest of all of us, though. She is totally gorgeous. Her tits are a bit smaller than mine but she's got a figure I'd kill for and she was wearing this figure-hugging dress with no bra or knickers. If I was a guy I'd totally want to fuck her on the spot!

Anyway, Paul got things started pretty quickly and told us the rules. There would be three teams of five guys. They'd all strip off and line up. Each of us girls got a team each, and the first one to get five loads of cum on her face would be the Queen of the Blowjobs. I figured that was easy enough. There were a couple of other rules. The guys weren't allowed to jack off, no fucking us in the pussy or the arse, and we had to use our mouths but we could use our hands as well. Cool.

I was wondering if we were going to pick teams or something, coz some of the guys were totally hot, but they all just got into groups of five and started undressing. I recognised a few of them. Dave of course (I was praying I wouldn't get his team, that would suck big time) and Paul (wouldn't have minded going down on him) plus Tristan who I know Sue had got off with a few times and a couple of others I knew from when Dave and me were going out.

Pretty soon they were all naked, and us girls were looking at 15 fat cocks. I have to say I was getting a bit nervous -- what if I came last? What if I couldn't even make the first guy on my team cum? But I was also getting pretty turned on, and my pussy was starting to get wet. I looked at Sue. "Good luck, girlfriend!" I said. 

"You too, darl," she replied. Vanessa just ignored us. Stuck up cow.

I was just wondering how we were going to pick who got which team, when Paul told the guys to turn around. Then he said, "I want you to each pick a guy. Whoever picks the guy with the biggest cock gets first choice of team. Then the next biggest gets to choose from who's left. Vanessa, you get first pick." She didn't choose Dave, which was interesting. He hasn't got the biggest cock -- about 6.5 inches -- but I thought she'd at least be loyal. Bitch. She went for some big blond guy.

I was next, and no way I was going to pick Dave. From what Sue had told me I figured Tristan was a contender, but best friends don't do that too each other so I left him for her to pick. I went for a well-built bloke who I thought I recognised as being on the uni rugby team -- figuring he'd be pretty well hung. Sue picked Tristan. The three of them all turned around, but of course they weren't hard coz we hadn't started anything yet, but Paul had a plan (I was totally loving how in control he was!). He turned to us and said, "I want you girls to finger yourselves -- give these boys a hard on." 

I was like, OK, that's cool -- we're going to blow them all in a minute so no point being silly about things. Vanessa and I both sat down on the floor, spread our legs and leaned back on one arm. I was pretty wet by now so I just stuck two fingers in my pussy and started going for it. I looked across at Vanessa who was rubbing her clit. Sue's dress was so tight she couldn't spread her legs properly! So she hiked it up as far as she could and rubbed herself standing up.

It was like magic! The guys' cocks started growing instantly and I'd barely got going when they were rock hard. I looked around at the others and most of them were stiff too. One or two of them started to wank but Paul told them no and remember the rules.

Turned out that Tristan's was the biggest -- over 8 inches I reckon -- and thick. Vanessa's bloke was next and mine was actually pretty small. Oh well.

Sue chose first and picked one of the teams that didn't have Dave on it. That's loyalty -- no way she was going to give my ex a blowjob! Vanessa picked Dave's team and I got the one with Paul on it, which I was actually pretty stoked about.

So, the boys lined up and we got in front of them. Paul gave us a countdown (he was in the middle of my team), and we were off!

I'd spent the week planning my tactics and practising my technique on my dildo. This was no time for teasing or playing coy. Just get the head of the cock in my mouth use my tongue and pump like crazy with my hand. I squatted down and pulled up my skirt so the guy could see my pussy -- hoping it'd, turn him on and speed things up a bit - and plunged down on to the first cock and started sucking. I looked up at the guy. He was young -- 18 (my age) when most of the other guys were 21 or 22. Awesome -- he'd probably cum a bit quicker. I quickly glanced at Vanessa next to me. She had her first guy's balls in one hand and was rubbing his shaft with the other.

I looked back at my cock and said to myself, 'Come on girl, you can do this.' Lots of spit to make it sloppy, rub hard with my tongue. Spit was running down the shaft and dripping on to his balls. I looked up. He had his eyes closed and was starting to screw up his face. Fuck yeah, I thought! Here it cums...

And it did! I pulled out in time to get his load square on my face. Awesome! There wasn't a lot of cum but I didn't care. First point to me!

The guy stepped aside and the next one stepped up. He was a bit bigger and hairier, I noticed. He was also louder. The first guy didn't say anything, but this next one was a talker. I started sucking him and almost straight away he was talking dirty. "Suck it. Yeah. Suck my dick. Suck my dick. Suck my dick." I didn't mind. It was kinda a turn on to hear him getting all horny. I gave him the same treatment and pretty soon he was saying, "Suck it you dirty slut. Suck it. I'm gonna cum on your face, I'm gonna cum on your face, I'm gonna cuuuummmmmm...

Alright! Load number two. This one hit me on the forehead with the first spurt and I got my eyes closed just in time as it slid down my face. The next load hit my cheek and then he was wiping himself across my lips. I sucked him for a second or two, but I was pretty keen to get on to Paul so I wiped my eye and motioned for Paul to step up.

As he did I looked across and saw that Vanessa had also just finished guy number two, and Sue was still going with her second. Vanessa had copped her loads on each cheek, so her face was pretty well covered. I couldn't see anything on Sue and wondered if her first bloke had shot into her hair (she's blonde, so it's hard to tell).

Then Paul was in front of me. It was starting to hurt squatting so I got down on my knees and pulled my skirt up so he could see my arse. Paul was a bit different to the first two. He wanted to be more in control, so he put his hands on my head and started pumping his cock in and out of my mouth. I figured if this was what he liked it might help him cum soon, so I made my mouth as tight as I could so it felt like he was fucking a pussy.

But he wasn't cumming! He fucked my mouth for what felt like ages, and then I heard Vanessa's bloke grunt and gasp and I figured she'd probably got her third load so I was getting worried I was falling behind. Paul kept and pumping and I looked up at him and he didn't seem anywhere near shooting his load so I thought, "Alright, girl -- what are you gonna do?"

I remembered something Sue had said about how some guys like it if you finger their arsehole so I thought, "Fuck it, he might hate it but if he doesn't cum I'm screwed so it's worth a go." I slid my right hand around his arse (it was nice and firm) and gently pressed one finger against his arsehole and started circling it -- like the way I like it when someone touches my pussy for the first time. Bingo! As soon as I started he moaned and gripped my head harder. I pressed harder and he said "Oh fuck. Amy, that feels so fucking good. Keep doing that. Press harder. Harder. Fuck yeah. Oh. You're gonna make me cum, Amy."

Number three, right on target. He shot into my hot, wet mouth, and his load was so big it dribbled out and ran down my chin, dropping on to the red silk of my bra. No time to enjoy the feeling of his warn cum, though. I still had two to go.

Then disaster. Just as number four took Paul's place, Vanessa's new guy came. He must have had a bad case of being premature, because she couldn't have been sucking him for more than a minute. Fuck fuck fuck. She had one to go. I had no idea how Sue was going but didn't care coz this was an emergency.

Thinking quick (I've always been good under pressure) I came up with a plan. I told number five to step up. These guys both had big cocks -- the two biggest in the team. This was going to make things tricky, but I had no choice. "OK boys. I know some guys get freaked out by other guys' cocks, so if you help me out here I'll let you both fuck me. Any hole you like. One at a time or together. I don't care. But you gotta help me out. Are you up for it?"

"For what?" asked number five. 

"I want you to put both your cocks in my mouth at the same time", I told him. "Come on, don't fuck about."

They looked at each other, shrugged, and took a step forward. I opened wide, took a cock in each hand and rammed them into my mouth. It hurt, stretching like that, but I just concentrated on sucking as hard as I could. I hoped that the sight of a girl with both their dicks in her mouth at the same time would make them cum. I sucked hard for a few seconds, then said, "Cum for me now, boys. Cum now and I'll be your sex slut for a whole night. You can fuck me any way you like." I jammed them back in my mouth, wanked as hard as I could and sucked like a champion.

They practically screamed when they came. I pointed one cock at each cheek and they came at the same time, coating my face completely in cum. The stuff was running down my face, on to my bra. I felt gross and sticky and horny and exhausted. I looked over and Vanessa was still going. I'd won! I'd fucking won! When Vanessa realised she stopped sucking and looked over at me with a scowl. The bitch didn't even finish off the bloke she'd been going down on. I saw that Sue was on her last bloke too, so she hadn't disgraced herself. Like a good girl she finished off her guy, and I saw him blast his load over her dress.

And so there you have it, dear diary. Queen of the blowjobs. I sure showed Vanessa and Dave a thing or two. Of course the guys loved it and are talking about a re-match. Bring it on! Anyways, I really need to go and have a wank -- my pussy is aching! 'Til next time...