 A couple weekends ago, our playmates, M and P were coming over to play. We had been trying to organize this for a little while and I was soooo excited to see them! Doc's mom had our little boy for the weekend so we were on our own. We went out that afternoon and did some shopping... mostly snacks and finger foods for later, wine and drinks, and well, we couldn't resist going out and getting some porn to put on as a background. Our local adult video place is run by a really nice couple and they know our tastes and already had a few really good looking ones set side for us. We also had a couple of new dvd's sent to us from our gf in Seattle of a couple of her recent adventures so we thought we were pretty well set up for the night. We went home and cleaned up a bit and then Doc made me up a martini and opened himself a beer and we put on the first of our new movies. Well... The opening scene was enough for me! LOL I had my jeans off and Doc inside me in less time than it took to read this!

My first orgasm came at exactly the same time our friends Pete and Mandy knocked on our door! Can you believe that? When I was done, I went to grab my jeans from the pile on the floor but Doc slapped away my hand... "go down as you are" he ordered. Why not? I thought and once I caught my breath, dressed in only a little tank top, I let them in... So as soon as they were in the door, I got on my knees, unzipped Pete's jeans and took out his big, heavy cock and started sucking. Ladies, his cock is beautiful! It just screams "suck me!" Mandy gave me a kiss, helped suck Pete for a minute, then went to Doc, and groped and played with him while he made her a martini. By the time they were all set up and back sitting in the living room, calling to see if we were going to join them, Pete came. He just groaned, and then erupted in my mouth. I wanted to swallow but there was so much. I let him fill my mouth, then pulled him out, stroking him, letting jet after jet of his hot sticky cum splash over my face and tits. I thought of something that I had seen earlier in the video we were watching and didn't swallow all of Pete's load. I stood up, gave him a quick, sticky kiss and went in to where Mandy and Doc were sitting, groping, and talking. 

Mandy made a joke about how nice it was of us to join them, then noticed the 'mess' on me. "oooh you dirty little slut!" she joked

I grinned, then picking up my glass, I drooled the mouthful of Pete's cum into my drink. 

"Cum Martini?" I asked her smiling. Wiping a couple of big globs of Pete's jizz from my tits and wiping it on the rim of her glass before drooling what was left in my mouth into her drink.

We all just sat there, catching up since our last visit. Mandy licked all the reward off my tits that Pete was so nice to give me, but at no time did she ever take a hand off Doc's cock, she just seems to adore it.

We finished our cum martini's and Doc made us another round and opened fresh beers for himself and Pete. The first movie had ended (definitely a great one!!!) so while Doc was freshening our drinks I put on one of the videos on that our gf had made for us. It said on the note that came in the mail with it that it was a collection of playtime for her, plus masturbation and some... more 'interesting' stuff that she had put together of herself for us

.

Well... the opening scene was enough to get us all going, and before Doc had returned from the kitchen, Mandy was between my legs, fingering me and eating me. GODDAMN she is good at that! Pete moved onto the couch next to me and offered his cock once more to my lips. I quickly swallowed him whole. I could barely concentrate on his cock, Mandy was doing such a good job, and Pete took over, more fucking my mouth than me sucking him.

I'm not even sure at what point Doc re-joined us. I could hear the camera working, but it was when Mandy started moaning about how good his tongue felt in her ass that I knew he was playing too. I could feel it when she moaned into me. She had fingers working both my places now and I was totally starting to lose it. I came just as Pete pulled from my mouth and traded spots with Doc. My husband shoved his cock into my mouth and roughly began fucking my face. He had obviously been rubbing his fat tool over her pretty slit, or maybe even fucking her with it, because I could taste her wonderful juices all over him. Pete had shoved himself into Mandy now and was fucking her... fucking her really hard, just how she likes it. Her face was getting mashed into my twat with every stroke of his big cock. Mandy's 2 fingers in my ass and in my coochie were sending me again and I was about to lose it. I came once more while Doc shoved his cock into my mouth, fucking my face like Pete was fucking his wife. God that felt sooo good! I was so wet, so turned on!

The boys traded us again, Doc plowing into Mandy, Pete rubbing his slippery, juice covered cock all over my face before slipping into my mouth. Oh his cock tasted good! Mandy's juices mixed with his wonderful precum! I wanted to devour him! He started pulling on my nipples as his wife started to get louder and louder. She was begging Doc to fuck her harder, screaming into me, pleading to be shown what a slut she is, what a whore... then she came! God it is so hot when she cums! Doc just kept plowing into her and she thrashed and bucked on his heavy cock!

We kept going like that all night, the boys trading us back and forth, Mandy and I frigging each other, making a big sweaty, messy pile.

One time I was on Pete, riding him cowgirl style and Mandy was squatting over his face. He was eating her while I rode his cock and Mandy and I kissed. Doc had been between us and we had been sucking his cock, but he moved behind me. I felt some lube being poured on my ass and knew what was coming... and surprisingly, with almost no resistance, he was in my asshole!

Well that was it, I exploded right there! It was just too much! Both guys were fucking me sooo good. They found 'the rhythm' almost immediately and holy shit that was more than I could handle. I creamed everywhere. Pete, afterwards said he could feel my juices dribbling over him. I came 3 more times before Doc pulled out. Mandy was now on her knees beside me and holding her ass open for him, asking to be filled. She lubed herself up then, I watched her as Doc filled her back hole. Her face just went open... like something beyond her comprehension was happening, then slowly and softly, she started moaning, begging for more, whimpering, pleading with Doc to fill up her asshole with his cock. As he complied, she grew louder and louder. Begging for him to fuck the shit out of her, to make her his fuck slut. He was pounding into her now. Pete was so good inside me too, but I wanted what Mandy was getting and pulled up off him. I turned around, so I was facing his feet and almost face to face with her and sat back down. I felt his cock at the rim of my asshole and then exhaled and he was in me in a rush! 

"Oh fuck yessssss" I moaned as I sat down hard, pushing his long fat cock deep deep deep into my bowels. God it felt good! Watching his wife cum over and over while my husband plowed her beautiful asshole and her husband filled mine. I was just moving on him, stirring myself with his big tool, feeling another orgasm building. God, it was so good, so fucking good, then, just as my orgasm crested, Pete yelled "oh fuck, I'm cumming!" I felt him explode inside me! God this drove me deeper, starting a second orgasm immediately after the next! I could feel every throb of his cock, every hot jet of cum inside me... I never wanted this feeling to end!

But finally it did. Pete pulled out and Mandy quickly pulled him to her, sucking him clean. I leaned in and we shared his cum-slick cock. I could feel a little of his jizz leaking now as Doc announced he was about to cum too.

Mandy pulled off him and had him in her mouth immediately. I moved to her as well and began sucking her big, round titties as Doc erupted! His juices splashing everywhere! Over her open mouth, her face, her tits as we as all over me. I licked his copious thick white globs off her tits as she milked him, licking herself and his juices from his cock.

We just kept going like that. Mandy and I playing, while the guys recovered, then joining us for another round. It was morning before we finally packed it in, the 4 of us sliding into our big bed and falling immediately asleep.

There was a bit more once we woke up but I won't go into it here. Just suffice to say we're lucky that we have such wonderful sexy kinky friends!

more to follow...