 This is a "prequel" to my story "College Girls," (http://www.literotica.com/s/college-girls-2) posted on this site some time ago. The two young men in that tale, Dan and Tom, were juniors in college. This narrative begins near the end of their sophomore year. It isn't necessary to read one to understand the other. Just like "College Girls," this has no redeeming social value.

* * * * * * * * * *

The college I went to was in a small, backward town. There were six churches and one bar. Almost every night, that bar was packed with college kids, most of whom were too young to be there. It helped that the bar owner was the town sheriff's brother.

We were at our usual table – me and my drinking buddies, Tom and Jack. We were talking about what we would do over the summer after our sophomore year of college.

"C'mon, guys, it'll be great," I said. "We watch racing on TV. We like to party. The cars are awesome. Imagine forty cars roaring past you on the back straight and then belching flames when they downshift for the hairpin turn! There's crazy amounts of hot pussy. Everybody gets stupid drunk, and the lucky ones fuck their brains out all night. Can you get the tent, Tom?"

"The tent's no problem," Tom said as he re-filled our mugs. "Even if it's just a camping trip, I'm in."

I said, "We'll drive up Friday, party all night, maybe sleep a little, maybe not, drink breakfast, and go to the track. There's racing on Saturday and Sunday, and we go home Monday. We're not paying for grandstand seats. There are plenty of places on hills and on the edge of the woods where you can watch, and thousands of people partying and smokin' hot chicks everywhere."

"Yeah, with their boyfriends," Jack said. "I can go to the mall if I want to see that."

"Wrong, oh serious one," I said. "When I was there two years ago, there were girls all over the place flashing their tits and running from one party to the next. I even saw some chick riding a guy in the grass right next to the dirt road everyone walks on, in the middle of the afternoon. At night, there were all kinds of girls getting naked and hooking up with guys."

"How much pussy did you get?" Tom asked.

"Um..., well..., none. But I wasn't trying. Hell, I was only eighteen then."

"Why would it be different this time?" Jack smirked.

"This girl I hung out with in high school called me this afternoon. She's a friend-with-benefits," I said.

"Probably ugly," Tom said.

I ignored him. "She wants to get together and party some time this summer. She has three girlfriends she hangs with in college, and they're all single. She wondered if I had any buddies that we could plan some crazy weekend with."

"Desperate, or just pathetic, if she fucked you," Jack said, downing a few swallows of his beer. "I bet her friends are real gems, too."

"Check it out. She sent me this." I handed my phone to Tom.

"Holy shit! Nice tits on the Asian chick! Which one is yours?" Tom exclaimed.

"Give me that!" Jack said, grabbing the phone. He started to grin when he saw the picture of Tina and her friends posing topless in skinny jeans.

I said, "The girl with the light brown hair standing cheek-to-cheek with the Asian hottie is Tina. She's the one I went to school with. I don't know the others."

"I'd like to know all of them, in the Biblical sense. You please me, young Daniel. I am definitely doing this if you can get them to come," Jack said.

"How did she talk her friends into stripping and sending your their picture?" Tom asked, licking his lips.

"Tina's a marketing major. I guess she's a pretty good salesperson."

"I'm buying," Jack said.

"Tina and her friends are excited about the racing, the camping. and the partying. I said I'd call tomorrow and tell her if I'm bringing you guys."

"How big is the tent?" Jack asked.

Tom smiled. "Six-man army surplus. It's nice. Great party tent, but a little tight sleeping seven."

"Are you kidding?" I exclaimed. "With four girls, we can each have one snuggled on both sides of us. That sounds all right to me."

"How are the girl's getting there?" Tom asked.

"Tina's borrowing a van – plenty of room for four girls and their junk. Tina's a big partier. She says they all are. They'll bring whatever refreshments they want."

"Cut to the chase," Jack said. "Will I get laid?"

"Let me put it this way. When we were in high school, Tina wasn't a girl you took home to Mom, especially if you weren't sure you could trust Dad," I replied. "Now she says her new friends have corrupted her. They're naked in the next picture."

Jack touched the button and got a very evil smile on his face. "I just decided I'm into butt-sex. Check out the ass on the blond, Tom."

"And the Asian chick shaves! Let's do this," Tom said, raising his mug in a toast.

The big weekend finally came. I drove to Tom's house and loaded up his stuff. Then we went to Jack's place and got him. We looked like we were packed for a month-long safari with all our junk tied on the roof and the trunk, but that was so we would have room inside the car for beer.

I was the only one who was comfortable. I talked the guys out of putting a case of beer on the floor on my side, since I was driving. Tom sat in front with his feet up on two cases. We had beer on the floor on one side and food on the other in the back, so Jack lay across my tiny back seat, a sleeping bag for a pillow and two cases of beer under his legs.

When we pulled into the gas station near the campground, I heard a familiar voice.

"Dan? Dan! That IS your car under all that stuff!"

Tina was jogging across the parking lot toward me. When she doesn't wear a bra, that's a very pretty sight.

"God, it's good to see you!" Tina squealed.

She jumped onto me, wrapping her arms around my neck and her legs around my ass. When she broke our kiss, I put her down and said, "We're going to have some fun this weekend, baby."

"Let's get to the campsite. I'll show you fun," Tina said with a naughty smile.

"We're all sharing one tent, you know," I said.

"My friends won't mind. Oh, that reminds me. Miyoko couldn't come. You know, the Japanese girl who lived across the hall from me?"

"Oh, that sucks."

"Don't worry, I found a substitute," Tina said. "There's still four girls and three guys, so you boys should all have fun. My roommate, Haley, brought her little sister, Sonja. You'll like her."

She turned to the van and yelled, "Girls, come and meet our camping partners."

A blond, a brunette, and a ginger got out of Tina's van. I could hear a low whistle coming from one of my boys in the car. No wonder. All three girls were as hot as Tina.

"Tom, Jack," I said. "Get your asses out of the car and greet our tent-mates." Tom hopped out, but he had to help Jack crawl out of the back, because his feet had fallen asleep.

"Boys, I'm Tina, and this is my roommate Haley," Tina said, putting her arm around the waist of the luscious-looking blond. "This is her sister, Sonja," she said, indicating the equally luscious-looking ginger-haired girl, "and that's Marcy," pointing at the leggy brunette.

Damn. If these chicks were as wild as Tina, we were going to have a very good time. "I'm Dan, this is my buddy Tom, and the crippled one over there is Jack."

"Fuck you, Dan, you try riding side-saddle for five hours in the back of your little shitwagon, with two cases of beer for a footrest. I don't know if I'll ever be the same," Jack grumbled.

"Dan, how could you do that to him?" Tina exclaimed.

"Someone was going to suffer in my back seat, and I figured Jack wouldn't piss and moan the whole time like Tom would, so I put Jack back there. He'll be OK. He never smiles anyway," I said.

Tina frowned for a moment. Suddenly, her facial expression changed. Uh oh. Tina just had a very naughty thought.

"You poor boy," she said, slinking over to Jack. That strutting-her-stuff walk is why you can't take her home to meet your parents.

"I bet my friends can make you forget all about your aches and pains," she said to Jack.

"Give me the keys," Haley said. "I'll bring the van over here."

"How far to the campground?" Marcy asked while we waited.

"About half an hour to the gate, if we don't wind up in a long line," I answered.

Tina smirked at her friends. "Can you girls make Jack feel better in that time?"

"I'll do my part," Marcy said, unbuttoning her shirt almost down to her navel.

"You know, I'm pretty stiff myself from riding with my feet on the dashboard," Tom complained.

"I'm sure someone can take away that stiffness by the time we get to the campground. Why don't you ride with us?" Tina asked.

Sonja said, "I'll go with you, Dan. We can learn a little about each other. Can you move the beer into the back seat so I have room to get comfortable?"

While I made room for Sonja, the rest of the gang folded seats and moved stuff in the van. Tom glanced over at me and gave me a goofy grin and a thumbs-up. Then Marcy pushed him into the van, where Haley knelt, topless. Marcy turned toward us, opened her shirt the rest of the way, and pinched her nipples. Then she climbed into the van and shut the door. Tina yelled out the window, "We'll follow you."

"Let's go," Sonja said, settling into my passenger's seat.

I quickly got in my car and pulled onto the road leading to the campground. Tina was right behind me.

"How far do we have to go?" Sonja asked.

"If traffic is like it was the last time, about half an hour. The people I met up here said, if you don't get to that gas station by six pm, you're gonna be stuck in a traffic jam that makes it a three-hour wait to get through the gates. By that time, the best campsites are gone."

Sonja turned in her seat, tucking her legs under her and leaning a hand on the console, allowing me a nice view of her upper chest. "Do you know where you want to camp?"

"Same place I did last time. There were cool people all around. We all wandered from tent to tent, and there was a huge campfire at one guy's site. A bunch of people I talked to said they'd been coming here for years, and swore they'd never miss one of these weekends. It got pretty crazy, but no one got really stupid. We all just had a great fuckin' time."

"Will I get in trouble for drinking? I'm only eighteen," Sonja said.

"There's security in case there's a fight or drama, or if someone gets sick or hurt, but they leave the partying alone. Hell, I saw one security guy getting a blowjob from some girl. He must have been over fifty, and she looked like she might have still been in high school," I said.

"Does anyone get naked outside?" Sonja asked.

"Well, yeah. Someone got the idea of having a wet t-shirt contest, so they put two pick-up trucks back to back with their tailgates open. That made a platform big enough for eight girls to dance and get ice water thrown on them. There were a bunch of people naked before I finally crashed around five in the morning," I said.

"I love being nude. You know a fantasy of mine?" Sonja asked. "I'd like to walk around nude in public in broad daylight. I think it would be cool to have sex in public, too. Maybe I could do that this weekend."

"You could, I guess. I'd watch that," I laughed.

"Oh," Sonja said, an exaggerated pout on her face. "I thought maybe you'd want to join in."

"I might get talked into it," I said.

"I'll give you a preview," Sonja said. In a moment, her shirt was on the floor. Her breasts were nice and firm-looking, creamy-skinned, with erect pink nipples.

Sonja's face lit up. "Hey, wanna know another fantasy of mine?"

"What's that?" I was having some fantasies of my own.

"Giving road head to a cute guy I just met." She fished a hair tie out of the pocket of her jeans and swept her full ginger mane into a quick pony-tail. Then she lay across the console and opened my pants, pulling my swelling cock out and stroking it gently. "Pay attention to your driving. I'm not ready to die yet. How much farther to the campground?" she asked.

"Oh God, about fifteen minutes," I gasped.

"In fourteen minutes, you're going to cum in my mouth," Sonja said, lightly licking the head of my cock and stroking the shaft with her hand.

You have to understand something here. I'm twenty years old, which means I'm always horny. Now that my sophomore year in college was over, I was back to living in my parent's basement. My social life had been limited for the last month, so when Sonja started bobbing up and down hard on me, fluttering her tongue on that little bundle of nerves at the base of my helmet on the out-stroke, I knew this was going to be over way too soon. I felt my thigh muscles tighten.

She felt it too. "Didn't you like that?" she asked.

"I liked it almost too much. We're only about halfway to the gate," I said.

"Now I know how I'm going to finish you," Sonja murmured, before taking half my manhoond into her mouth. She slowly bobbed up and down on me, sometimes angling her head so I would scrape the roof of her mouth, sometimes pulling off so she could rub my cock on her face, alternating between licking softly and sucking hard. In short, Tina, good as she is, should take some lessons.

I managed to drive pretty smoothly, but after a while, I began humping up at her face. I couldn't help it. I was almost ready to cum.

"How close are we to the gate?" Sonja asked, looking up at my red face.

"Maybe eight minutes."

She sucked me hard again, and resumed jacking me with her hand.

"I'm not gonna last much longer," I warned her.

"Yes you will," she chuckled, grasping me firmly at the base of my shaft, squeezing until we both knew my cum would have to simmer for a while longer. Then she lightly bathed my entire cock with her tongue, just licking and teasing. I was sweating freely by now, the intense pleasure making me tremble.

When we made the last turn before the gate, there were only a few cars sitting in line. "We're a couple of minutes from the gate," I said.

"Okay." She opened her jeans and thrust her hand inside. "I'm gonna drink you down." She took me all the way to the base again and then started bobbing her head up and down rapidly. This new fast pace, along with the moans and aroma coming from her, forced me to start thrusting my hips again. I was glad I had to bring the car to a stop then.

"Oh, God, I'm gonna cum," I hissed. Sonja pulled mostly off of me and grabbed my shaft, jacking me furiously, sucking hard on my head, while fluttering her tongue rapidly on the bundle of nerves she had found before. I came buckets. Sonja was squirming, her one hand vigorously fucking herself, moaning as she worked to swallow all my spunk.

We managed to make ourselves presentable before we got to the guy at the gate. I handed over our tickets, and he gave me a camping permit to hang on my mirror. "I need to put wristbands on you," he said.

Sonja leaned across me, her head out my window, and held the hand she had been rubbing herself with out to the guy. He started to put her wristband on and then hesitated, inhaling deeply. A slight smile played across his face as he finished trimming the excess plastic. "Thank you, miss," he said forcing his gaze from the erect nipples showing through her shirt up to her face.

"You're cute," Sonja said.

There's no way the guy didn't smell my cum on her breath.

After he put my wristband on, he smiled at us and said, "You kids have a real good time."

I could see Tina's van behind us in line, so I led the way to the area where I wanted to camp. When we parked, Tina came over to me and said, "We need to get the tent set up right now."

"OK, we'll get to work on it, but let's unload our stuff and get organized."

"No, right now," Tina said. "I had to listen to the four of them back there the whole way here, and I didn't see Sonja's head from the time she took off her top until we were almost at the gate. I need you to help me now!"

"Guys, let's get the tent set up. We'll unload the rest of the shit later," I yelled.

Jack and Tom were still hammering on the rear tent stakes when Tina dragged me inside and started tearing clothing off both of us. She was naked, kneeling in front of me, with my jeans and shorts bunched around my ankles, when Sonja poked her head into the tent. She smiled at me and left. In a moment, she returned with Haley and Marcy. They were carrying sleeping bags, which they quickly unrolled and spread into a big pallet on the tent floor. Then they all began shedding their clothes.

Sonja pulled back the tent flap and stood there, nude, calling out, "Hey, Tom, Jack, I think Dan needs a little help with some things in here."

In moments, everyone was naked. I lay on my back, and Tina knelt between my knees to continue working on me.

Haley flopped down next to me, grabbing my hand and rubbing it on one of her large, firm tits. Sonja got on her hands and knees at Haley's feet, lowered her face toward her sister's clean-shaven pussy, and said, "Someone needs to fuck my ass."

Tom was on his back with Marcy squatting over him. They looked pretty pre-occupied.

Jack spit in his hand, and rubbed his cock. "Yeah, I am into butt sex," he muttered as he positioned himself behind the pale ginger's sweet-looking ass. "Sonja, I'm going to lube us up with your pussy juice."

"Good. I'm horny as hell," Sonja said, pausing from tongue-fucking her older sister.

Tina, it seemed, may have already had some lessons from Sonja. I thought it would take a while for me to feel like I wanted to cum, but Tina's talent and enthusiasm were pretty amazing. I was having more and more trouble resisting the urge to explode all over the back of her throat. "Do you want me to cum in your mouth?" I groaned.

"Not this time," Tina said, lifting off me. "But I want to cum in yours. Don't worry, baby, I was driving, so I'm still clean inside. Do this for me, and then I want you to fuck the hell out of me."

She got up and straddled my face. Her pussy was just as pretty as I remembered it, clean shaven, except for a small, close-cropped triangle of rich brown hair. The lips were glistening with her moisture, and her clit protruded, proud and needy. I knew how much she liked to get off on my tongue, and I loved to taste her. Besides, she always showed me her appreciation when I was done.

Tina had been squirming and moaning for a while, occasionally crying out with a small orgasm when I nibbled on her clit or inserted another finger, but all those mini-cums really did for her was get her more aroused. I hoped that when she finally came for real it would be intense. It was my thumb in her ass that finally got her off right.

When she stopped screaming, I heard a man's voice outside calling, "Miss, are you okay? If you don't answer me, I'm coming in."

Haley had her legs wrapped around Sonja's head, the blond sister's one hand wrapped in her younger sister's ginger mane and the other hand stuffed in her own mouth to muffle her noises. Jack was busy getting off in the redhead's squirming ass with a few fingers buried in her sex. Marcy was lying on top of Tom, spunk running from her pussy, plunging her tongue into his mouth. It didn't look like any of them was going to speak up.

"She's fine," I called to the guy outside.

"I wanted to hear it from her," he said, unzipping the tent door. "Oh! Oh shit! Hey guys, I didn't mean to screw up your party. I'm not used to hearing that much moaning and screaming before dark around here. Which of you girls was so loud?"

Haley said, "I think it was her," pointing to Tina, who was now lying on my chest, panting for air.

"Damn. Nice job, man," the guy said, looking at me. "Hey, yeah, well, um, I'm sorry I interrupted you guys. Come over to my camp when you're done. I just tapped my first keg. I'm in the orange tent over there. My name's Andy. See ya later, and, uh, sorry." He backed out of the tent and zipped the flap. I could hear him laughing as he walked away.
