 R&R are a couple I know, Rob and Rayna. They found me through my profile on a dating site. They reached out by sending a private message along with lots of their pictures. I liked their pictures and their brutally honest bio. I found it spoke volumes about them. They were sincere, sweet and totally straightforward. They didn't tell me I should go out or meet up with them. They didn't brag about being a Ken or Barbie type and they didn't brag about their conquests. They thanked me for sharing my pictures, told me what they like and offered to talk more to see if I was interested in meeting up. I never felt any pressure about anything through my interactions with them.

I also found Rob and Rayna to be naturally sexy. They are physically fit and she has soft feminine curves in all the right places. He is hung and ripped. Its not only about having great faces and great bodies, but confidence turns me on. I could tell from pictures of them at a nude beach, they have zero hang-ups about themselves and they are happy, healthy people. They have what I like to be around. 

I am often extremely cautious but my gut told me to give a little of myself to R&R, to see how they handled it. Rob and Rayna were immediately responsive but not pushy. I quickly learned from them they started swinging and swapping lovers together at a very young age and have a seasoned cache of lifestyle friends under their belt. They had a good amount of certifications on their profile too; people who credited them with authenticity.

They told me they were laid back but I saw that for myself the more and more I talked with them. I eventually gave them my number and they extended an invitation for getting together after some chatting to find out what I like. I told them I like the water and the outdoors. On a Tuesday, They invited me to the beach with them for the following Saturday. I accepted their offer because I didn't want to waste time with too much talk. If they were as cool as they seemed, I wanted to find out for myself. There was interest on both ends and so a plan was quickly discussed and put in place. I found them to be as direct as me and so easy-going. 

I normally wouldn't commit to an entire day with a couple (or a single) for a first date but it was made perfectly clear there weren't any expectations to play. I didn't even feel as if there would be. Plus, they were flexible on the time frame of the day too. I flat out told them my period was rapidly approaching and they still wanted to hang out and get to know me. They just liked how upfront I am and I liked the same quality about them. 

I'm not normally a beach-goer because I have super fair skin and burn easily. Also, I loathe a lot of driving which it takes to get to the beach from me but I love the sand and the water. I wanted to let Rob and Rayna include me in their experience and they assured me they'd do everything to make me comfortable, including bringing an umbrella to shade me. They offered to pick me up on their way to the beach and drive. I excitedly accepted. They informed me we were going to a nude beach but assured me we could leave any time I wanted to. At my own cognizance, I decided I didn't have to undress unless I wanted to either. I would play it by ear and do what I felt was comfortable. I had my two-piece set out for the day and planned on wearing it until I felt like revealing more. I've never been bothered by nudity. Bodies are just bodies. 

I also wasn't worried about receiving unwanted attention because there's no need for me to deal with that. Most people I hope are respectful, and I wasn't going to the beach to hook up. Anything beyond that, I ignore all unwanted approaches and they end up going away on their own. What's more, Rob is a cop and Rayna has been going to this beach for over 12 years. A beautiful woman as she is could show me how she handles herself in that environment if it was necessary to. As the day would prove, a defensive attitude wasn't necessary at all. 

Rob and Rayna picked me up on time at a neutral place close to me in the spot we arranged. With their advice on what to pack beforehand, I was ready to go. We left on time. It was a very pleasant car ride and the weather was gorgeous. Rob drove Rayna's Range Rover. They sat in the front and I was in the back seat. During the ride, we talked about work, life and future plans and we talked about some of our lifestyle experiences. Their ideas of fun seemed similar to mine. Low key and intimate. Like me, they prefer a house party rather than a dance club. 

Interestingly, Rob also said that they almost didn't message me initially because they thought I probably already get overly approached. I told them I do get hit on a lot but I weed out the phonies almost immediately and that I was glad they changed their minds. He said he couldn't resist after seeing my beautiful pictures and noticing my sense of fun. 

We stopped once for ice and snacks on the way at a little store near the beach and got back into the car. We arrived at the beach entrance around 10 am. Rob dropped me and Rayna off while he went to park in the lot and meet us soon after. As I walked the long beach entrance with Rayna, I quickly adjusted to the full on nudity. There were not attractive bodies left and right but there were a lot of people. Once the adjustment set in, I was able to see past the nudity. I became more aware of looking into faces and dispositions. They were friendly and there was nothing to hide. People were there to be free to enjoy the sun and sand and tan their bodies without tan lines. It wasn't a sexual environment it was just liberated from clothing it was relaxing. 

Rayna found a group of people she knew and immediately introduced me. Rob came to help set up a couple of minutes after us. I watched as they unloaded their buggy and unpacked in a specific, ritualistic way and then we all began to settle in. I felt happy and excited to get to know my new company more. I was sure they had a ton of questions for me, but they were so sweet and careful not to inundate me with questions on the way over. I appreciated all the restraint they must have used on themselves. I could tell off the bat they were very interested but we would naturally get to know each other better over time and as topics came up. There was flirting, between us but it never went too far until I wanted it to. A little tease here and there was enough between the three of us on the beach. 

After Rob posted the umbrella in the spot Rayna picked and the chairs were set out, and the towels laid down we all started to relax. Rayna stripped completely and I tried not to stare at her naturally full and perky breasts. Her pussy was shaved bare. I took off my sundress to reveal a white sequined bikini and I sprayed myself with sunblock. When I finished, Rob asked me to rub lotion on his back. I purposely massaged him a little and when I was done, he pulled off his shorts. I told him I wasn't going to do his butt! He laughed and we all sat down in our chairs. The arm of his chair blocked my view of his privates and I was a little disappointed but not worried. I still got an eyeful of Rayna as she massaged sunblock onto her breasts and nipples. I got even more of an eyeful when she bent down in front of the cooler and she completely exposed her pussy to me. I saw the hint of a clit hood piercing, which I've been wanting to do for myself. She turned back around to sit in her chair and she smiled coyly when she noticed me watching her. I closed my eyes for a bit with those images in my mind and Rayna closed hers to take in the sun. Rob stayed up chatting with his friends he knew that were sitting near us. 

Some short time later, maybe an hour I opened my eyes when I heard rustling from the cooler. Rob was standing beside me in full view and I started to salivate a bit. It was also time for snacks and re-hydration. I drank a lot of water before and during but it was a super hot day and I felt a little hungry... for one thing or another. 

Rob and Rayna offered some refreshments to me and everyone and soon it was time to take a dip in the ocean. She asked me to come with her and she helped me up out of my chair and cleaned up the empty bottles and packaging. I admired how neat and organized they were. 

Rayna took my hand and led me out through the crowd towards the water and we walked in up to our waists. The waves were mellow and at first it felt cool until my body adjusted. I was sure my nipples were hard. Rayna's nipples looked succulent and I wanted to lick them right there but that kind of behavior is definitely not allowed on the beach! Again we smiled at each other while we jumped and splashed in the waves. Everyone around us was doing the same it was so much fun. I felt like already, it was an amazing day and that I'd formed a good connection with my new friends. I think Rayna and Rob felt the same. She and I turned to leave the water and he was standing right behind us. He grabbed our hands on either side of him and we walked out together, all smiling and wet. 

When we got back to our umbrella, blanket and chairs, we were covered in sand. Rob went to reapply suntan lotion but Rayna stopped him, saying "Not yet! Dry off first babe. Let me do it for you." And she toweled him off while I patted myself down. 

I thought, patting myself down isn't as much fun and asked Rayna 

"Can you please apply some more sunscreen all over me?"

"I'd be so glad to." She said. 

Rayna picked up the tube of sunscreen, not the spray and squeezed some on her hands. I lifted my hair and took off my top. 

"Finally" I heard Rob muse and I blushed.

Rayna was smiling and she lifted each of my breasts, massaging lotion under, on and all around my torso and reaching around to my back. Then she turned me around to check her application was even and reached down the back of my bottoms. She was very fast and thorough which is good because I'm sure I enjoyed all the touching too much. And then she slapped my ass and told me I was good. I was sure everyone was watching but did not dare look around to check. 

I heard Rob say, "I enjoyed that!" 

And this time, I lay belly side down on the sheet to tan my alabaster ass and hide my slightly embarrassed face. I focused on the sound of the waves and tried to pass out again but this time, Rayna was at the cooler and pulling out food to eat for lunch. She handed me a plate full of tuna, crackers and vegetables. I turned on my side, snacked and lay back down. I was working up an appetite but for something else. This day was turning into sweet torture and I remembered that we could go anytime I wanted but we drove all this way and saw it was only 1pm as I quickly checked the time on my phone. 

I couldn't fall back asleep so I went in my bag and pulled out a magazine I brought. I was glad to have some distraction from the sex fest I could not publicly act on. Thumbing through the pages, I just waited till I couldn't take any more sun or any more sexual tension. I know Rob felt the same because he was semi erect when I sat up to change positions.

After finishing my magazine, I got up and announced I was going in the water one last time and would be ready to leave soon if they didn't mind. They said of course they didn't mind and asked me what I wanted for dinner. I smiled and said whatever they're having would be great. The time was close to 3pm. 5 hours in the sun was definitely enough for me and I wanted to see what the next part of the day would bring. The drive back would be at least an hour long with out traffic.

At my last dip in the ocean, the cool water felt wonderful on my warm skin. The waves were a little rougher but there were still plenty of people around. My hair was now trashed but I think we all expected it would be, as was my pedicure. One of my favorite things about the beach is admiring the pretty shells and smooth sea glass. I took one last look in before heading back to our spot in the sand. When I got there, I was surprised R&R nearly packed everything up completely. I thought packing up would take much longer but perhaps they were as ready for entertaining other ideas as I was. I didn't dare ask, I just hoped so.

We started on the mile long trek back to the car all together but it seemed to go very fast. Once we reached the car in the parking lot, Rob opened the tailgate door and went for one more snack at the cooler. We all munched on peanut butter and celery and had more water. Rob turned on the engine and let the AC run while Rayna began to disassemble the rest of the items in their beach buggy, including the chairs, umbrellas, and towels and organize them into the trunk. Rob helped her as she needed but she did most of the work. 

Finally, we all loaded into the car and I once again sat in the back seat as there was only room for one with the buggy taking up the other seat that was folded down. As we set off, I thanked Rob and Rayna for taking me to the beach and Rob responded:

"Don't thank us yet, baby. The day's not over."

"I know but I'm thanking you for taking me to the beach. It was fun!"

"You're very welcome. It's our favorite place to be." Rayna added.

Even though I was pretty wiped out, I felt special being taken to their favorite place. The music played low on the radio. It was a mellow ride back except this time, the conversations between us became hotter. At first we discussed health and fitness, a common interest and then the conversation turned a bit naughtier. We started discussing positive experiences with groups and bodily functions like squirting. Rob saw a picture of me gushing in the midst of an orgasm and he was completely fascinated but he held off from asking me too early on, out of respect. He said it turned him on so much to see a woman who can get so into sex that she ends up squirting. Rayna said she likes it too but not in her mouth. I took a mental note. I was so at ease with Rob and Rayna, I felt comfortable answering any questions. They always checked to make sure there wasn't a topic that offended me. They really took the sense to get to know me and what I was comfortable with. 

Luckily, having left when we did, there wasn't too much traffic. We stopped for coffee mid-way, which was perfect timing since my tummy was starting to rumble. We pulled over at a Dunkin Donuts and we got out. Rayna got in line for coffee and I waited for the ladies room to become vacant. Rob headed toward the men's room and he leaned in and stole a kiss. It took me by surprise but he said he'd been waiting to do that all day. I looked forward to a proper kiss where I knew it would be coming. I ushered myself into the ladies as soon as it was vacated. 

We all piled back into the car and continued onto the next part of the evening. We headed back to their house for dinner, as we discussed on the beach. The rest of the ride was quiet and we pulled into their neighborhood and driveway a short time later. Rob got out of the car and opened the door for me. Rayna opened the door for herself because she was stiff from sitting in the car and couldn't wait a second longer. I offered her a massage and she said she couldn't wait for one!

Rob did most of the unpacking this time and Rayna led me in. Their property was very pretty and I noticed a hot tub in the back yard. Once inside, Rayna asked me if I'd like a drink or some coffee while they put up dinner. I accepted a mojito cooler she had in her fridge. Rayna took a blueberry vodka lemonade cooler for herself. We sat down and relaxed for a bit but I felt sticky from the ocean water. As Rob came in with the rest of the unpacking, Rayna started to get dinner ready in the kitchen. 

Rob announced "I'm going in the shower, would anyone like to join me?"

"No thanks babe, I'm busy cooking." Rayna answered and then they both looked at me. I did need a shower... 

"Go ahead" Rayna said directly to me, smiling as she set out to light the grill outside. 

Rob led me into the bathroom and turned on the water. He was naked in less than a minute and he got in. I watched him rinse as I stripped off my dress and damp bikini top. My bottoms were already off before the car ride.

I opened the curtain and he was completely hard and covered in suds sliding down his tan, muscular body. The soapy water glistened on his muscles and I stepped in. The shower was small but I placed my hands on the wall and asked him to wash me off. 

"Gladly." Rob said and I felt the warm water on my skin and then the slick bar of soap in his hands making it's way down my body. My feet were hip width apart but Rob spread my legs further and there were no more words for a while. Just soft kisses and firm caresses. I didn't turn towards him but he reached around to my front and turned my face to kiss his mouth. His hand reached down my front and then from behind to my back and bottom. I was clean and he turned me toward him. Rob put his fingers inside me and I gasped from the firm pressure. He got on his knees as he placed my ankle on his shoulder. He kissed me and fingered me as I moaned uncontrollably and came all over him in an orgasm. 

"Dinner's ready" Rayna said from the bathroom doorway. She looked happy and as if she'd freshened up while dinner was on the grill. I hopped out of the shower, allowing Rob to finish washing my juices off of him and I grabbed a fresh towel off their folded towel stack. I handed the towel to Rob as he shut off the water and I put on a fresh summer dress I brought with me. I started to put on panties but then Rob said "don't bother putting those on." My breasts lay on my chest under the dress sans a bra. "What's the point?" I thought to myself. I slid on my flip-flop shoes.

Rob dressed in shorts and a tee shirt and he led me out to the back yard with him. He carried a tray with plates and cutlery. Rayna set out some fresh drinks and she was taking food off the grill and putting it onto a platter in the center of the patio table. We ate grilled chicken, Caesar salad, and grilled asparagus. It was a perfectly light meal after a full day of snacking in the sun and yet not too heavy of a meal to inhibit playtime that was obviously coming. We ate rather quickly, collected the plates and cleaned up. Rayna took the leftover food while Rob took the dishes back in the house. I carried the drinks and cups back in.

The day turned into evening and I had a very at-home feeling with R&R. I went into their bedroom and lay on the bed while they cleaned up from dinner. Rayna came to check on me and she gave me a kiss on my mouth. 

"We'll be in soon to join you." She said. 

As Rayna walked out back toward the kitchen, Rob came in the room and they kissed each other in passing. Rob laid on the bed next to me and kissed me too. I offered Rob a massage, which he accepted. He took off his shirt, laid on his stomach and I straddled his butt while my hands went to work. Rob reached to his nightstand and grabbed a tube of massage oil and handed it to me.

"Here, use this." He said.

I opened the cap and squirted way too much oil in my hands. I pulled his shorts down to liberally apply the oil. He pulled them down a bit further and kicked them off from under me. I massaged Rob's back for a couple of minutes.

"Don't worry, you're next." I heard Rayna say as she approached me with something in her hands. She had something in a red velvet sleeve and I suspected it was a toy similar to one I have at home. I suspected it was a glass toy that I sometimes use for anal play. Mine came in the same red velvet sleeve. 

Rayna reached from behind me and pulled off my sundress. She also removed her own. I felt her hands massaging my breasts as she kneeled behind me while I worked on Rob's back. I took my hands off him and turned towards her. She kissed me and Rob turned around from under us. He told me to sit on his face.
