 Author does not condone the use of drugs or the consumption of alcohol by minors. Some of the activities described herein are illegal in all fifty states, especially Missouri. Also, these kids are stupid and are having unprotected sex. Everyone reading this should always remember to wrap it up. Thank you for reading my story. 

*

Marisol Strong was eighteen years old when she started sleeping with Brad Mueller. They were seniors at a college prep school in the western suburbs of St. Louis, Missouri. Brad played right wing for the school's hockey team. Marisol was one of the cheerleaders. Neither were virgins when they first did it together, and both were in it almost exclusively for the sex. Marisol was happy to find someone who could keep up with her libido; Brad was happy to find a girl who would take charge in bed some of the time, and actually had an imagination. 

When they met, they were both getting bored with missionary sex. They were looking for something new. They wanted to try everything, at least once. At the tender age of eighteen, they were beginning to realize that there was more to sex than fucking. 

Brad had been wanting to sleep with Marisol since freshman year. Everybody had, really. She had long, shapely legs; a tight ass; skinny waist; full, round breasts, much more than a handful; a crooked, charming grin; green eyes; and long thick blond hair. She was, essentially, Brad's wet dream. 

Marisol hardly noticed Brad freshman year. Or sophomore year. Junior year she noticed him, but she was too busy with football players to make any time for him. Senior year, however, was when she really got interested. By senior year, Brad was no longer a skinny kid who played hockey. He was the star winger now, and built like a rock. During one of the first hockey games of the year, he interrupted one of the cheerleaders' chants by shoulder-checking a defenseman from the other team through the plexi-glas, shattering it and causing a ten minute delay in the game so it could be replaced. 

He also scored two goals that game. 

Marisol stopped him in the lobby of the hockey rink after the game. "Hell of a game tonight, Brad," she said. 

"Marisol, hi," Brad stammered, looking around. "Um, thank you." 

"Got any plans tonight?" she asked him. 

He looked directly at her. "No, do you?" 

"I'm hoping maybe we could have some plans together." 

"Well, what do you want to do?" he asked her. 

"Do you maybe want to get a cup of coffee?"

"That sounds great," Brad said. 

"I'd like to change out of this cheerleading outfit first." 

"That must be cold." 

"Why don't you follow me to my house and then we can go get a cup of coffee?" 

"I like the sound of that plan." 

Brad and Marisol quickly left the hockey rink. Brad stuffed his equipment in the trunk of his father's car and followed Marisol to her house. It was ten-thirty at night. Marisol parked in front of her house, and Brad parked in the nearest spot, a few houses down the street. They came together and walked to the door. Marisol opened it and they went inside. As soon as they were inside, she turned to him and placed her index finger upon his lips. 

"Shhh," she said. "I'll be right back. Wait right here." 

She walked up a flight of stairs, to the second floor, and Brad watched her go. What wonderful legs, he thought. 

Oh, and that ass, he thought as he looked up her skirt. She was wearing a thong. She had wanted him to know. 

"Mom?" she called. 

"In here, dear," came her mother's voice, upstairs. Marisol looked back at Brad over her shoulder before walking down a hall, out of sight. Brad could just barely hear the ensuing conversation. "How was the hockey game?" 

"Fun, mom," she said. 

"Good, good. Do you have any plans for tonight?" 

"No, I was thinking I'd just watch a movie. How are you feeling?" 

"Oh, I'm okay." 

"You should get some sleep, mom." 

"Enjoy your movie, dear." 

"Okay, Mom. Goodnight." 

She passed quickly in front of the stairs, in plain view of Brad, without looking at him and without her cheerleading shirt on. The bra was black, a push-up. After Brad rubbed his eyes, she was out of sight. Then she reappeared, wearing a tight black tank top (and still wearing the black and red cheerleading skirt). She came down the stairs and when she spoke to him, she whispered: "Do you still want coffee, or would you rather watch a movie?" 

Brad found himself hoping, almost certain, really, that this had been her plan from the start. He smiled and quickly agreed to watch a movie. She led him into the basement, where there was a television and an expansive sofa. They put in a movie, turned out the lights, and almost immediately forgot about the movie. 

Her breasts were nearly spilling out of her tank top, so Brad took it off her. She pulled down his blue jeans and mounted him, rubbing against him. They kissed and touched each other and never watched the movie, and by the time the end credits were rolling, both had orgasmed, though they had not had sex. They could not keep their hands off each other. 

She wouldn't take off her thong. "Not on the first night," she explained. "I'm not a slut." 

Brad respected her for that. Besides, there was definitely going to be a next time. He wouldn't be able to live with himself if he let Marisol Strong get away. 

*****

Brad and Marisol had only one class together, and it was a social studies course: Recent History and Current Events. Marisol's desk was two places behind Brad's. He got to class first, and when Marisol walked past him, she dropped a note in his lap. She didn't look at him, but went to her desk and sat down. The note was a folded piece of paper. He opened it, behind an opened notebook, and read: 

"Hiya Brad!

I had a lot of fun last night, and I know you did, too. I'd love to hang out again, maybe sometime this week? I know you're really busy with hockey, but maybe we can find some time. 

Luv, Marisol. 

P.S. I'm going out to lunch today. If you want to cum with me, be at my locker (1120) at 11:50, okay?" 

Brad folded the note and put it in his pocket. This was only the second class of the day. He wrote a note for Marisol: 

"Marisol—

Would love to go to lunch with you. Don't go without me. My last class before lunch is theatre and that's hella far away from your locker.

—Brad." 

After class, Marisol passed Brad on her way out. He got out of his desk behind her and slipped the folded note into her hand. She looked at him and they smiled at each other. They got out to the hallway. 

"I have to go this way," Brad said, pointing down the hall. 

"I have to go this way," Marisol said, pointing the other way. 

"I'll see you at lunch." 

"Okay," she said, smiling. 

*****

Brad ran from theatre class to Marisol's locker, and got there as she was shutting it. 

"Did you run all the way from the theatre?" she asked. Brad was panting. 

"I didn't want to be late," he explained. 

"You're awfully sweet," she said. They started walking out to the parking lot. 

"Sweet's not the right word," Brad said. 

"Oh? Well, what is the right word?" 

"Excited," he said. They walked outside. It was a brisk, late November day. 

"Keep your pants on," she said. 

"Do I have to?" 

"At least until we get to your car." 

They got to Brad's car and got in. "Let me ask you a question, Brad," Marisol said. "Are you horny all the time?" 

"Of course," Brad replied. "I'm eighteen. Sex is all I think about. Are you horny all the time?" 

"Mmm. Yes," Marisol replied. 

Brad keyed the ignition. He reached under his seat and grabbed a pack of Camels and a lighter. He stuck a cigarette in his mouth and offered one to Marisol. She took it and they each lit their smokes. 

"I didn't know you smoke," she said. 

"Don't tell anyone," he said. 

"Is it a secret?" 

"In a way. You're not supposed to smoke if you play sports for the school. You're not supposed to smoke and be a cheerleader either." 

"Interesting," she said, and drew on her cigarette. 

"Where do you want to go for lunch?" he asked. 

"Somewhere we can be alone," Marisol said. Brad looked over at her. She was looking at him and licking her lips. 

Brad drove to a nearby park, which was empty. "I've been thinking about this all morning," she said. "Take off your pants." 

Brad was quick to unbutton his jeans and drop them to his ankles. Marisol reached for his crotch and rubbed him into an erection through his boxers. He pulled down his boxer shorts and put her head in his lap and started sucking him. 

She worked quickly, and brought him to climax within minutes. "You're amazing!" Brad found himself telling her. She smiled, gulped, and smiled again. 

"What are you doing after school?" she asked him. He was putting his pants back on. 

"No plans today. Why?" 

"My mom is at her job until seven every night of the week," she said. 

"Interesting." 

"Think you could give me a ride home?" 

"You can count on it," Brad said. 

*****

They went into her room. She kissed him, sat him down on the bed, and then went into her bathroom. "I'll be right back," she said. Brad lit a few scattered candles and some incense in Marisol's room. He sat back down on the bed and the door of the bathroom opened and she came out. She was wearing a very simple outfit: a tight white tank top, lacy white push-up bra, and white thong. In one hand she was holding a bong, the bowl packed full of weed. "You wanna get high?" she asked him. 

"Do I ever," Brad said. Marisol walked across the room and climbed into the bed. Brad sat next to her. "You look really sexy," he said. "And very... innocent." 

"Thank you," Marisol said. She handed him the bong, and he took it. He lit the weed with his lighter and sucked on the top of the bong. The chamber filled with smoke, and then Brad pulled out the bowl and the smoke rushed into his lungs. "That was an awesome hit," Marisol said. Brad handed her the bong and she took a hit. They passed the bong back and forth until the bowl was kicked, at which point they were feeling rather high and they started playing with the sexy body they found in bed next to them. 

Brad's clothes came off quickly. Off came Marisol's panties, and she put a condom on Brad's erect penis, and Brad felt things start to go in slow motion. She was on top of him, straddling him, and she had his dick in her hand and she was lowering herself onto it, so that he entered her slowly, inch by inch, until all of him was inside her. 

*****

They did it every chance they had. After school everyday they were free, during off-campus lunch break in Brad's car, after hockey games in Marisol's room while she "watched a movie." They did it while she was wearing her cheerleading uniform in a stairwell at school. They did it while she wore a very short plaid skirt, white button down shirt, and bra—the Catholic schoolgirl thing. They even did it anally a few times. By spring they thought they were running out of new things to try in bed, when a new idea, fortunately, presented itself. 

When they weren't fucking each other, they sometimes hung out with Marisol's friend Ginger. On a Friday night in May, Brad, Marisol, and Ginger found themselves in Marisol's car, parked in a diner parking lot. Ginger was sitting in the back seat. She had just sparked a joint and puffed on it. She passed the joint to Brad, who drew smoke from it and handed it to Marisol. 

"Maybe I could join you," Ginger said. Brad coughed out a cloud of smoke. 

"Ginger, for real?" Marisol asked. 

"Hell yes. Marisol, I've never told you this, but I think you're really sexy. You're the hottest girl in school. And you, Brad, you're awfully fine, too." 

"She's blunt," Brad said, looking at Marisol. 

"My parents just left for the weekend. We can go to my place," Ginger suggested. 

Marisol took her hit from the joint and handed it back to Ginger. Brad watched as Marisol and Ginger's eyes locked together, their hands touching as Ginger took the joint. Ginger leaned back and stretched her legs across the back seat. She was a skinny brunette with long straight hair and small perky breasts. She was wearing a tight tank top and tight short black shorts. Marisol looked her up and down, as if for the first time. 

The joint made its way around the car once again. "So what do you think, Marisol?" Ginger asked. She and Brad looked at Marisol hopefully. 

"I need to be hella more stoned first," Marisol said. It was a statement to which Brad and Ginger quickly agreed. They decided to go to Ginger's house. "I have a king-sized bed," she told them. 

"Wow," Brad said. 

"Your parents bought you a king size bed?" Marisol asked. She keyed the ignition and they headed to Ginger's. 

"No, they bought themselves a waterbed. I got the king size mattress they weren't using anymore." 

"Ahh," Brad said. 

"I have a pool, too," she said. "We just cleaned it and everything for the summer." 

"I'm not sure any of your swim suits will fit me," Marisol said. 

"They definitely won't fit me," Brad said. 

"Who said anything about swim suits?" Ginger asked. 

"You're my kind of girl," Marisol said. They got to Ginger's house. Phone calls were made, parents lied to about the locations and activities of their children. 

They played several hands of strip poker, and a joint or bong was almost always being smoked, for about an hour. Marisol was the first to be left in just her bra and panties, but she held out, until Brad was down to his boxers; finally, they got Ginger out of all her clothes. 

This is when things started getting a little wild.

Brad's erection, from looking at two beautiful nearly-naked girls on the bed with him, was making a tent of his boxers. Marisol and Ginger took notice. The cards were flung off the bed. Marisol climbed on top of Brad and rubbed against him. Ginger kneeled next to her and started kissing and touching Marisol all over her body. 

Brad's boxer shorts came off. While Marisol was grinding against Brad's hard dick, Ginger unhooked her bra and took it off. She and Brad started playing with Marisol's large, exposed breasts. Marisol, for a second, got off Brad. Brad watched, touching his dick, as Ginger grabbed Marisol's thong and pulled it off her. Marisol climbed back on top of Brad, grabbed his dick, and plunged it deep into her wet pussy. Ginger came up behind her, and with one hand rubbed Marisol's large breasts, and with the other played with Marisol's clitoris as she gyrated on Brad's cock. She came finally, and rolled off Brad. Ginger got on top of him and Brad's cock slid all the way into her. 

Marisol was hungry for more. She got on top of Brad, too, straddling him with her knees on either side of his head. She lowered herself so he could lick her pussy. She was facing Ginger, and she masturbated while watching Ginger fuck her boyfriend. The girls were rubbing each others breasts, and they both came to orgasm soon. 

Ginger fucked Brad even harder when she came, and when she stopped coming, both girls got off of him and both sucked on his cock—together—until he came. Ginger and Marisol both got a taste. 

The three of them lay together naked and smoked cigarettes. They smoked another bowl. 

"That was a lot of fun," Brad commented. 

"It sure was," Marisol said. "We should do this again sometime." 

"How does tomorrow morning sound?" Ginger asked. 

"How about all tomorrow afternoon, too?" Brad added. 

"Sounds wonderful," Marisol said. 

"I was thinking of having a party tomorrow night," Ginger said. 

"That'll be fun," Marisol said. 

"We'll need to get some more weed," Brad suggested. "And some booze, too." 

"Yes," Ginger said. They put out their cigarettes, finished the weed, and fell asleep, all wrapped around each other. 

*****

When Brad woke up, his head was still hazy from all the weed they'd smoked the night before. Marisol was still asleep to his right. Ginger was no longer in bed. Brad sat up. He put on his boxers and pants. He grabbed his hash pipe and baggie of weed from where they were sitting on the bedside bureau, packed a bowl, and left the bedroom. He wandered around the big house for a few minutes, until he found the kitchen and the sliding door that led outside to the pool. 

It was a hot day. The pool was dug into the ground, complete with a diving board and a slide. There were a few tables, shielded from the sun by big umbrellas, and several lounging chairs to lie on. Ginger lay in one of the chairs, on a towel, with her bare back to the sun. Brad walked over to her and sat down in a chair next to her. She took a sip through a straw from a glass of orange juice. She saw Brad and said: "Good morning, sexy." 

"Good morning," he said. "Do you have a lighter?" 

"Sure do," she said, and handed him the lighter. He took a hit from his pipe and handed it to Ginger. She took a hit and handed it back. "Is Marisol still asleep?" she asked. 

"Yeah. She sleeps late on the weekends. Ten o'clock is far too early for the likes of her." They passed the piece back and forth, hitting from it until it was kicked. 

"Thanks for the bud," Ginger said. 

"There's nothing like getting high first thing in the morning." 

"That's what weekends are for." 

"For real." 

"Orange juice?" she offered. 

"Thank you." Brad took a sip. "Whoa!" he said, handing her back the glass after taking a gulp. "What's in your OJ?

"Vodka," Ginger said. 

"Well, it is the weekend." 

"Yes, indeed," Ginger said. She rolled over so she was lying on her back. She wasn't wearing anything to cover her breasts. Brad found himself getting horny again. Ginger grabbed the sunscreen, squirted some into her hand and across her belly, and proceeded to rub the sunscreen into her skin. Brad couldn't tear his eyes away, especially when Ginger rubbed the sunscreen on her breasts. Ginger certainly wasn't shy about it. Brad took another drink from the orange juice. "I had a great time last night," she said. She slathered some oil onto her legs and rubbed it in. 

"Me too," Brad sasid. "Do you often have sex with couples?" 

"A couple of times. But you and Marisol were, by far, the best threesome I've ever had." 

"Neither of us has ever done it before." 

"What did you think?" 

"I've been dreaming about it for years. It was better than I ever imagined." 

"Good." 

She lay back and they soaked up the sun for a while. Then Brad said: "So, where can a guy get some breakfast around here?" 

"Let me show you." She stood up and led him back inside. They stopped in the kitchen. The girl had no shame. She wore only a tie-string bikini bottom. "There should be some cereal down here," she said. She bent over and opened a cabinet. Brad found himself staring at her round ass. He was standing right behind her. She backed up a step and rubbed her ass against his crotch. "Are you always this excited about breakfast?" 

"Just about girls in string bikinis," Brad said. He dropped his pants, untied her bikini bottom so it fell off, pulled his hard cock from his boxers, and rubbed it between her ass cheeks. 

Ginger looked over her shoulder at him, wiggled her ass, and said: "Think Marisol will be mad?" 

"Only if she walks in." 

With that, he slid his cock into her wet, inviting pussy, grabbed her by the hips, pushed her up against a wall, and fucked her, hard, until he came. 

Afterwards, they brewed a pot of coffee, smoked another bowl of weed, drank some coffee and smoked a few cigarettes. 

Marisol woke up sometime after noon and found Brad and Ginger outside. Marisol was wearing Brad's tee-shirt and her thong underwear. 

Brad and Ginger immediately seduced and fucked her. 

*****

Marisol and Brad went home to see their parents later that afternoon. More lies were told, about what they had done the night before and about where they were planning to be that night. 
