 The following events are loosely based on events as I have heard them, second hand, but are real stories. This story is the first in a series about my best friend & lover, and I have attempted to retell it from her perspective. I was not present and as such some details have been embellished in the service of a good story. Names and places have been changed to protect the not-so-innocent. 

***** 

From a young age, I have loved boys. Men became a fascination for me as I grew older but for many years I resisted the ultimate temptation. I married at 19 as a virgin, but ultimately my marriage was doomed and we split when I was twenty seven years old. He wasn't a bad guy and this story has nothing to do with him, but you need some context as to my background. My name is Melanie, and this is a first.

Really dating for the first time at age twenty seven was a real eye-opener for me, and being a very pretty girl I was quickly drawn into a world where suddenly it seemed like every guy I met wanted to fuck me. Married or not, serious relationship or not, they wanted to fuck me. I can't say that I always resisted their advances, it was quite something to suddenly be aware of the wide variety of men who found me attractive. My friends & I would go to clubs to dance, flirt and see what kind of trouble we could get into and we did! My specialty though has always been to liven up the boring events for a lucky guy (or guys) when you would least expect it. 

Perhaps I should describe myself for you ... I am 5'6" tall, with a slim waist, nice legs and ass but my best feature is my eyes. I have brilliant blue bedroom eyes that contrast nicely with my dark hair and complexion. With an outgoing personality and willingness to try new things, when you get some alcohol (or weed) into my system I can become very sexual. A slut really, I enjoy being a slut. I love getting fucked by a new guy for the first time and I love pushing my boundaries sexually. 

On a trip to Toronto for the Indy race, I was at an open bar promotional event before the race. I was there with several people from work & we were working the crowd networking looking for new business prospects and keeping our existing clients doused with booze. An easy gig, my kind of gig ... Spend other people's money while you get paid to party with a bunch of fun people! 

At this event I met two guys, Steve and Jay. Both very good looking guys, but quite obviously not really with the crowd in the event. I thought they had crashed the party as I was watching them in the crowd. Steve saw me watching them, nudged Jay and they both walked over to me. We talked for a while about the race, the venue, the city, the fucking weather (which was hot!) and a lot of other things. I didn't realize how much time had passed until someone I worked with came over to say we needed to go our suite for the race. I started to say good bye to Steve & Jay, when Jay handed me a piece of paper with their room number on it. He said I should stop by after the race for a couple of drinks. I nodded quickly but had to go, and said goodbye. 

We met the rest of the people from work and partied in the suite for the whole race. Six hours of booze, food and the occasional grope from one of the men in the suite had left me full, quite drunk and slightly horny. We went back to the hotel and as I was getting my room key out my hand touched the paper Jay had given me. I had almost forgot there were to two gorgeous guys partying in a suite a couple of floors above me! I decided to freshen up a little and go upstairs to their suite. 

I don't really know what possessed me to go up there, not something I have ever done before but they seemed like really nice guys and I didn't want the night to be over. As I got to their door, I got pretty nervous. The little voice in my head telling me I was crazy, what did I expect? They'll probably spike my drink and rape me! That thought sent a tingle through my legs, and my pussy got a little wet. What am I thinking?!? 

Suddenly the door opened, and there was Jay, "Hey, you made it! Why didn't you knock?" 

I smiled and said I was about to knock when the door opened, which was true. He invited me in and called to Steve, "Look who's here!" Steve came around from the sitting area to give me a big smile and invite me in. I felt good, and asked for that drink they promised me. 

"What would you like?" "Got any wine?" I asked. 

"No, but we have beer, vodka and some whiskey for later." The possibilities were opening up, and we got our drinks together and sat in the sitting area talking. I hadn't changed my clothes from earlier, and was still wearing my blouse and dress from when they had first met me. The dress wasn't particularly short, a few inches about the knew when I'm standing, it kept riding up when I sat on the couch with Jay. My blouse was buttoned loosely, showing a little cleavage when I'm standing, but hunched on a couch I kept giving Jay glimpses of my tits every time I leaned foreword to get my drink from the table. My tits aren't huge, but they are firm and beautiful and I have always gotten compliments on my girls. 

We continue drinking for some time, and after a while I had switched to whiskey. My favorite. Steve had left the room for a few minutes to go to the washroom leaving Jay & I alone. Jay put his arm around my shoulders and asked how I was feeling about being here with two guys I barely knew. When he said like that, I wasn't sure what to expect but was actually feeling very fine. Steve suddenly came back in the room holding joint and suggested we all smoke some weed. 

After a long time giggling, telling stories and generally having a good time, Jay put his arm around my shoulder again. I thought he was going to say something serious again or ask me how I was feeling. Instead he grabbed the back of my head and pulled me slowly towards him for a kiss. He gave me a nice long deep kiss, and during the kiss he managed to slip his hand inside my blouse. His hand felt wonderful as he lightly squeezed my right tit while giving me a very sensuous kiss. We broke the kiss off after a few minutes, but he left his hand where it was. Steve decided he wanted a kiss too. He stood up, moved to other side of me on the couch and pulled my head towards him. As he did so, he slipped his hand into my blouse and began squeezing my other tit! I was on fire! I had never had two guys come on to me like this before, it had always been one-on-one situations before, this was incredible. I tried to just go with the flow of things because I didn't really know what to expect. 

The weed and the drinks were hitting me quite strongly, and I was starting to get really wet with all of the kissing and groping from Steve & Jay. Because I kept shifting from one guy to the other my skirt was riding up higher and higher. Steve noticed this and suddenly moved his hand to my inner thigh, just below my pussy. I wasn't wearing panties because I rarely do and it was so hot. I had thought earlier that it was better to go commando and let things breathe. As Steve was moving his hand around my inner thigh he kept brushing my pussy slightly with his hand. He finally caught on that I wasn't wearing anything under my skirt. 

"Jay, she's not wearing any panties! Check it out!" 

Jay moved his hand down to my other thigh, but with Steve telling about my lack of panties, he went straight for my pussy. His finger started rubbing in between my lips and I was really wet now. Before long, Jay was fingering my pussy with one finger and squeezing my tit with his other hand. At the same time I am kissing Steve and he is still stroking my inner thigh. I was in heaven! My legs were on fire, and it seemed like every nerve ending in my body was tingling. I was just going with the moment. 

Soon, Jay had two fingers in my pussy & I started moving my hips to meet his thrusting hand. As I kept moving, Steve broke off the kiss and pulled his hand off of my tit. Jay picked up the slack and started kissing me again, and for a moment I forgot Steve was even there in the room. Jay was working me over pretty good all on his own. We broke off the kiss so Jay could concentrate on fingering my pussy, which I love! 

While Jay & I were kissing, Steve had gotten undressed. When I turned to look at him, he was totally naked and sporting an impressive 8" hard cock just for me. He leaned into kiss me again and breathlessly asked "would you like to suck my cock?" 

I couldn't wait to get his cock in my mouth, I love sucking on a man's cock. I had to keep Jay entertained too though, so I simply leaned over sideways on the couch towards Steve's cock but kept my pussy available for Jay. It actually worked out well because when I leaned over my legs spread out even more for Jay giving him even better access. Just as I slipped Steve's cock isn't mouth, Jay's third finger slid into my pussy and they all began sawing in and out of my pussy. Steve was moaning as I wrapped my lips around his member, and started giving him a good sloppy blow job. Sliding his pole in and out of my mouth just to the tip and plunging it back down my throat was driving him wild. I was so focused on Steve that I barely noticed after a while that my pussy no longer had anything in it. I was soaking wet, mouth full of cock but I needed attention down there! 

Just as I started wondering what was happening, I felt my skirt get yanked down over my hips and pulled off of my legs. Jay opened my blouse, and took off my bra. I didn't stop sucking Steve off the whole time. I vaguely head a zipper, clothing being removed but wasn't really paying attention until Jay said "Steve, let's switch!" 

Steve quickly pulled his cock from my mouth, and he was replaced by Jay in a heartbeat. Jay had a nice 7" cock that was good and thick. I had a little trouble wrapping my mouth around it at first, but I was able to adjust and started sucking Jay into my throat. I felt couch sink at the other end as Steve climbed on at the other end. Soon he was fingering my pussy with three or four fingers! He was getting me good and wet again, his pace kept quickening and my hips were thrusting to keep up with him. 

Suddenly Steve pulled his fingers out of my pussy, pulled my legs apart wider and pushed the head of his cock onto my pussy. He kept it right at the entrance, but didn't push it in. I trusted my hips to meet him, and pulled him into my pussy. Steve started fucking me, good and hard. I had to pull my mouth off Jay's cock to catch my breath but Jay quickly pulled my mouth onto his cock again. Jay starting fucking my mouth, I no longer had any control over the penetration and I could feel his cock hitting the back of my throat. I worked with him, and stretched my mouth forward to give him better access and the head of his cock slipped into my throat. I was deep throating a guy while his buddy is fucking me!! 

I was loving the attention, and the sensations, and as Steve continued fucking me I started feeling that familiar pressure building. Just then Steve's cock started pounding harder, I could feel it getting bigger inside me and he came in a torrent! No condom, just a massive gush flowing into me. I have never felt so wanted in all my life! Steve pulled out exhausted and went to fix a drink. Jay continued fucking my mouth for a while and my jaw was starting to get sore. I think he sensed this and pulled out of my mouth. Jay moved to the other end of me, and slipped two fingers into my pussy, then three, then four fingers. He was back to fingering me hard, and pulled out slightly so he could tuck in his thumb. Suddenly his whole hand was inside my pussy sawing in and out. There were wet squishy noises coming from my crotch, but I didn't care. I was riding his hand like a bronco! The pressure built again and Jay didn't stop, he kept fisting my pussy for all he was worth. I came in an explosion all over his hand. My pussy was contracting and gripping his hand, I didn't want him to pull it out but he did. 

He pulled his hand out with a squelch, grabbed his cock and slammed it into my twitching pussy. My mouth was wide open at the sounds and the feeling of his cock slamming into me. Jay may not have the biggest cock I've ever seen, but he could fuck like a champion! He slammed into me for I don't know how long, I started feeling the pressure again just as his pace quickened and we came almost at the same time. It was his maoning that sent me over the edge and I came a second time even harder than the first! 

We collapsed on the couch trying to catch our breath, meanwhile Steve had been sipping on a drink for the last several minutes just watching us stroking his cock. He was fine, and stood up. 

"Jay, go get a drink. My turn again." "What?!?" I thought, and started to get up. 

Steve let me stand on my shakey legs, but spun me around and bent over the arm of the couch. No sooner was I bent over that Steve jammed his eight inches into me again and started pounding away. Much harder than before. He pushed the back of head down into the couch cushions, and I couldn't breath very well much less have anyone hear me. I was screaming, but Steve either didn't hear or didn't care. He just kept fucking me hard, so hard my hips were burning from slamming into the couch. The pressure was building inside me again, but I couldn't quite get there. He'd hit the spot then miss, then hit it again then miss many times. My cervix was on fire though, I have a low cervix and just that extra inch on Steve kept hitting my cervix. 

Finally Steve grabbed my hips hard, started thrusting so deep I thought he was trying to fuck my cervix! He came for a second time with an almost equally huge gush, so much it was running out of me like a tap! He finally pulled out, slapped my ass hard and said "Fuck, what a champ you are! That can't be the first time you've done this!" 

"Believe it or not, this was my first time with two guys at the same time. Thank you, I fucking loved it! Can I get a drink now?!?!" 

Jay already had a drink ready for me, I sipped on that for a while and passed out on the couch. I was still completely naked when I passed out, and I have no idea how long I slept for but when I woke up there was a familiar sensation between my legs. 

In fact, Jay had pushed my legs up so high my feet were beside my ears and he was back fucking me like a champion again. What a way to wake up! My mouth popped open to moan, but no sound came out! He was using me as his personal fuck toy, and I loved it! He didn't ask, he did not speak at all, but just kept looking straight into my eyes as drove his rock hard cock into me over and over. I had no idea where Steve was, nor did I care. Jay pulled out, spread my legs wide and shot his cum all over my body. I was a mess! 

"What time is it?" I asked, wondering still where I was and where I was supposed to be. 

"11:30" said Jay, "Why?" 

"Fuck! I was supposed to catch my flight home with the people from work an hour ago!" I said, wondering what the hell I was going to to do now. 

Just then Steve walked back in with breakfast, including coffee, toast, eggs and bacon. "Do you two ever stop fucking? All night you've been going at it like rabbits! Stop and eat something." 

"All night!?!?" I shouted. 

Jay suddenly looked a little embrassed, "I couldn't just let you sleep all alone so I climbed in with you. Then I couldn't keep my hands off you, so I actually fucked you a couple more times while you were sleeping. You didn't seem to mind, so I kept going." 

"Whatever, I need to get home and I don't know how I'm going to get there. I live 5 hours away, what the fuck am I going to do?" 

"Don't worry, we'll get you a ticket in the next flight. Have some breakfast and take a shower. We'll take you to your room and then to the airport. All good. It's the least we can do for you." Steve said. 

I showered, had some food, went to my room to get dressed and they took me to the airport. I got some strange looks from the other people on my flight when they saw me kissing both Steve and Jay good bye at the airport. If they only knew! 

I had some explaining to do when I went to work on Monday, nobody knew what had happened to me. I told them after the race I went to my room, called for a wake up but the call never came and I just slept in and caught a flight home alone. If only they knew! 

I was now a changed woman though, sex with two men at once was like nothing I had ever experienced before! I would be trying that again though ... 

The end.