 This story is Copyright © LesLumens. If found anywhere except Literotica.com with this note attached, the story has been posted without my permission, and is probably incomplete/improperly formatted. I invite you to point your browser to Literotica and search for my pen name to view the complete story, as it is meant to appear.

This is an entry in the 2009 Literotica Halloween Contest

Ω*****ω**Ψ**ω*****Ω

Scott pumped his fist as the reply to his text message came in. He slipped his phone back in his pocket, and snuck out of the corner where he'd hidden to keep his supervisor from seeing the phone. A quick look across the warehouse found Rick talking to Karl, another member of the team.

"You're not going to believe who just texted to set up a case," he said as he approached his co-workers and fellow part-time investigators of the paranormal. After a suitable pause, he revealed the secret.

"Candy."

Of course, her real name was Candice, but everyone called her Candy — and every man in the place wanted to give her a lick. The blonde had a body to die for, and a roommate who was equally drool-worthy. Candy had managed to get fired for attendance, but her roommate Misty still worked in the warehouse.

Karl's eyes popped wide open. "No fucking way," he responded, emphasizing every word.

"You have to be kidding," Rick agreed.

Scott shook his head. "Only catch is that it has to be tomorrow night. I told her that we'd do it. Didn't figure that anybody would mind."

"No shit," Karl said with a laugh.

Rick remarked, "Damn, things sure are stirred up. We've been booked solid for a month. Looks like we're getting a real Halloween surge."

"We're going to be exhausted after doing Candy's place tomorrow and the Grady Mansion on Halloween, but it will be worth it," Scott said.

"Especially if we keep getting EVPs as clear as those last few," Karl agreed, referring to the ghostly voices — Electronic Voice Phenomenon — that they'd picked up on recent investigations.

Scott nodded. "I could do without any more that say kill them, though."

"Clearest one yet," Rick said. Though the voice had spooked them all a little at first, excitement at having such clear evidence of paranormal activity had quickly overwhelmed it.

"Let's get ahold of everyone." Scott assigned Karl and Rick different members of the team to contact, so that all three of them could send text messages whenever the opportunity arose.

The Regional Investigators of the Paranormal — R.I.P. for short — were on the case.

Ω*****ω**Ψ**ω*****Ω

The pair of semi-professional ghost hunters arrived at Candy's house that evening, to do a little scouting and get some information before bringing in the whole team the next night.

"Come in," Misty said when she answered the door.

Rick and Scott both glanced at each other and grinned when she turned to hold the door open. She was wearing shorts and a tight t-shirt that did a damn good job of showing off her long legs and breasts.

Candy was sitting on the couch, dressed in a similar outfit. Her larger breasts stretched the material of the t-shirt between them, making it more than a little difficult for the two long-time friends and colleagues to keep their minds on business. Misty sat down next to her roommate, while Scott and Rick pulled up chairs.

Scott said, "Okay, if you could tell us anything about what's been happening, it will help in the investigation."

Misty shrugged and said, "I've always felt a little weird about the one bedroom. It gets cold in there sometimes, and I feel like somebody is watching me. I never used to go in there after dark, until Candy moved in."

Her roommate picked up from there. "I've been having the same sort of feelings ever since I moved in, but I've been hearing things, too. I thought I saw something a couple of nights ago, and that really freaked me out."

The two women shared a look. Misty's expression looked amused, while Candy's looked apprehensive. After a few seconds, Candy said, "No, I'm not saying it."

Misty laughed. "Well, can I? They should know everything, shouldn't they?"

Rick offered, "There's nothing you can say that we're going to make fun of you over."

Scott agreed, "Yeah, we take anything that you're feeling seriously, and it could help us direct the investigation."

"God, you do it," Candy said, her cheeks turning a little red.

"Candy's been having certain feelings any time she sleeps in her room for the last couple of weeks."

"What sort of feelings?" Scott asked.

Candy smiled and rolled her eyes. "I get so horny that I can't see straight, okay."

It was all Scott and Rick could do to maintain a straight face. If not for having heard the most outrageous claims from people since taking up paranormal investigation as a hobby, they couldn't have possibly managed it.

"It's gotten so bad that she's just been sleeping with me," Misty added, her tone serious again.

That was even harder to take.

Scott took the initiative, hoping to push aside the distinctly naughty nature of his thoughts with business. "Why don't you show us around, and point out anywhere that gives you an odd feeling? It doesn't necessarily have to be connected to the one room. Other places in the house could have activity, too."

"Sure," Misty said, and stood up.

Candy got up as well, and the tour commenced.

A short while later, with a good feel for the house and the case, Scott and Rick climbed back in the car.

They held on until they were a block away, and then exploded into laughter.

"Holy fucking shit," Scott finally said.

"I thought for sure that I was going to crack when she said that they were sleeping together."

"Wonder if they're actually sleeping together?" Scott suggested.

"Wonder if we can convince them to let us set up cameras and leave them for a couple of days to see for ourselves?"

"Well, I have my whacking material for tonight."

Rick cringed and said, "I didn't need to know that."

"I didn't need to know that Mary called your dick Monty the Python either, so we're even."

The two lifelong friends shared another laugh, anticipating the case the next night — for more than one reason.

Ω*****ω**Ψ**ω*****Ω

With darkness falling the next day, Scott stood outside Misty's house with seven members of the team. None of the girls had been able to get out of obligations on short notice, so it was only the guys on the case.

Considering the clients and the description of the case, it was little surprise that all of the men had dropped everything for the opportunity.

"We won't touch anything, except to maybe open closet doors," Scott reassured the two women, who were dressed to kill, because they were going to the bar while the investigation was on.

"Or if Greg trips over something in the dark," Karl added, drawing laughter from everyone — even the butt of the joke.

Misty waved her hand in a dismissive gesture. "It's okay, we trust you."

"Yeah, give us a call when you're done," Candy said. The two women then waved goodbye, and headed for their car.

The team filed into the house, and Scott took charge. "Okay, I want to leave the bedrooms for last, since that's where most of the activity is. Two of us will take the kitchen, two in here, two in the basement, and two in the attic."

Karl eyed the questionable ladder positioned below the attic entrance. "Count me out of the attic."

"I'm all over it," Rick said.

Scott nodded his head in agreement. "I want to check out that attic. There's something about it."

A couple of minutes later, the team had their assigned areas. With all the equipment checked, Scott said, "Okay, let's go lights out."

The girls had turned off most of the lights, so when Rick flipped the last switch, the house was plunged into darkness, save for the small beams of LED flashlights.

Scott and Rick split up upon ascending the ladder, though they stayed within a few feet of each other. The attic was unfinished, making walking a bit precarious on the two-by-fours with insulation filling the gaps between them. Though he'd felt as if the attic had promise, Scott wasn't getting that vibe now that he'd actually ascended the ladder.

"I just had a temperature drop," Rick remarked.

Scott carefully made his way toward his friend, and tried to guess their position. "I think we're over Candy's bedroom."

"That's what I was thinking." Rick turned the electromagnetic field detector so that his friend could see it. "It's reading normal right now, but I had a short spike while you were walking over here."

"I can feel the cold, too," Scott noted.

"It's about four degrees difference."

"Let's turn on the DVRs and see if we can pick anything up."

Though most investigators used old-fashioned tape media for recording, claiming that digital filtered out EVPs, Scott had never agreed with that. Hisses and pops from the tapes could easily be mistaken for EVPs, and he was all about irrefutable evidence. The choice to use digital voice recorders hadn't prevented them from obtaining some exciting recordings.

The pair asked a few questions, watching the readings on their equipment, hoping to elicit a response from any otherworldly entities. Though nothing else out of the ordinary occurred, they had picked up EVPs before without experiencing anything unusual at the time.

"Let's head back down. I think the bedroom is where it's going to be at," Scott suggested.

Rick agreed, and the pair made the slightly frightening journey back down the old ladder. Karl was near the ladder when they descended. "You guys get anything?"

"A little hit on the EMF, and a cold spot. We think it was over Candy's room," Scott answered.

"I had a big hit on the K2 in the hall outside her room too."

Rick said, "There's definitely something about that room."

"That's why we saved it for last," Scott said.

A few quick calls on the two-way radios revealed much the same story. Most of the hits that the team had noticed were associated with Candy's room in some way. The other two sets of partners weren't quite ready to leave their assigned areas, so Karl, Greg, Rick, and Scott went into Misty's bedroom.

Scott was watching his EMF meter when Rick nudged him in the side. He looked over toward his friend, and then watched a beam of light fall upon something on the floor.

Seeing the pair of sheer red panties had Scott's pants growing tight in short order.

With the camcorders and DVRs running, he didn't dare remark about it. The evil grin on Rick's face said that it was exactly why he had pointed it out at that moment. A short while later, Rick pointed to a bra hanging over the edge of the shower in the adjoining bathroom.

With nothing out of the ordinary happening in the room, the four men went back out into the front room of the house after asking a few questions with the DVRs recording. The other two teams had already returned, eager to investigate the center of the activity in the house.

"Anybody recording?" Scott asked.

After receiving confirmation that everyone had shut off the DVRs and camcorders, Scott punched Rick in the shoulder. "You're a dick!"

Rick laughed. "The look on your face... Wish we'd had more than the flashlights on, so I could've seen it better."

"What?" one of the other team members asked, prompting the four who had seen the bra and panties to laugh. All eight men then shared another laugh and speculative fantasies when Rick showed them the panties lying on the floor in Misty's room.

"There's no way those got accidentally left there," Karl observed as everyone returned to the front room.

"They knew that they were going to have eight guys with unobserved access to the whole house. If Misty had wanted to hide those, she would have. She left them there on purpose," Rick agreed.

Scott laughed, but then said, "Okay, let's get serious. You can all go home and whack it tonight. Ready for the main event?"

After having so many enticing hits related to Candy's room already, everyone heartily agreed. Team members switched on camcorders, DVRs, and other equipment in preparation.

"Temperature drop," Rick and another team member said almost simultaneously, upon reaching the center of the room.

"Check this out," Rick noted, extending and retracting his arm toward the bed.

Scott walked over to stand next to him and watched the EMF meter. In the short range of motion Rick was doing, the EMF spiked, and the temperature dropped by two degrees when the meter was closest to the bed.

"Anyone else getting anything?" Scott asked.

Karl made sure that the two team members wielding camcorders were looking elsewhere, and then shined his flashlight up by his face. He held a hand up in the light, snapped up one finger, and mouthed the word wood. Then, he pointed to his right, and shined the flashlight in that direction.

The top drawer of Candy's dresser was open, with frilly panties spilling out to hang over the edge of the drawer.

Scott checked the position of the guys with the cameras as well, and then flew the bird at his grinning friend. "Let's go full lights out," he said, and all the flashlights in the room clicked off. With only the glow from the EMF meter in the room, he stepped a little closer to the bed.

The temperature drop he felt was easily noticeable without the gauge. Something else was even more difficult to ignore. Scott was hard within a few seconds of stepping near the bed. The sharp blast of arousal he felt was certainly unnatural, even though he was standing next to Candy's bed after seeing a drawer full of her panties.

Rick walked up beside him and showed him the EMF meter. The temperature was a full six degrees colder, and the needle hovered at a high electromagnetic reading.

"Sustained," Rick whispered. He then added, "Are you?"

"Oh yeah," Scott agreed. After so many years together, he usually knew what his friend was thinking. Rick was obviously aroused with no good reason as well. "We'll look for a source in a few minutes. Let's try some communication. Cameras on the bed. Start with night vision, and then we'll turn on the flashlights for some natural light." 

"Is anyone here?" Rick asked the room.

The temperature reading on his equipment dipped by two degrees in a fraction of a second, and the EMF signature spiked even higher.

"Could you do that again — once for no, and twice for yes?" Scott asked, having seen the reading on Rick's meter.

It spiked again.

"Once for no, and twice for yes," Scott reiterated. "Would you like to talk to us?"

Again, a spike.

"Would you like us to leave you alone?" Rick asked, switching things up.

This time, the EMF spiked twice, and the temperature dropped another degree.

Scott broke out into gooseflesh, chills of excitement running up and down his spine. "We understand. Just one more question, and we'll leave you alone. Do you mean any harm to the two women who live here?"

The meter spiked once for no.

Karl asked, "Does anybody else have the same feeling you get when you come home, and you suddenly know that you've done something to tick your girlfriend off?"

A couple of murmurs of agreement sounded from the darkness.

"Thank you. We'll leave you alone," Scott said.

He didn't even have to give instructions. Rick pulled a motion detector from a bag slung over his shoulder. Greg did the same, except he withdrew a travel tripod. Scott left his own DVR on the dresser, and snuck a good look in the panty drawer with his flashlight in the process. Within a minute, everything was set up.

A camera remained pointed at the bed, Scott's DVR was on and recording, and Rick's motion detector was ready to alert them if anything in the room moved. The rest of the team had already exited when Greg and the two team leaders finally left Candy's bedroom. On a whim, Scott shut the bedroom door.

"Living room," Scott instructed.

The team pulled up seats in the living room and Scott said, "Okay, let's give it a while. We can go through some of the recordings and see if there's anything there."

The team members with DVRs all put on headphones and started jumping through their recordings, randomly sampling bits of audio. Scott and Rick always did a full analysis of all the recordings in the days following an investigation, but sometimes the quick scans found something. Light shone on Karl's face as he reviewed the remaining camcorder's recording.

"Hey, I've got something," said Jeremy, a new team member, who had taken Karl's DVR while Karl looked at the video. He quickly wrote down the time stamp and scrawled a note about what he'd heard. Scott had already stood up and walked over to him. Jeremy cued up what he'd heard, and then handed the DVR to Scott.

Scott put on the headphones and listened. After a few seconds, he heard Karl whisper, "K2 spike," on the recording. Immediately thereafter, he could hear a faint sound that resembled a woman laughing.

"Karl, did you have a K2 spike anywhere except outside Candy's room?" Scott asked.

"Nope," he replied without taking his eye off the monitor of the camcorder.

"I heard a woman laughing," Scott said, and then smiled when Jeremy showed him the notepad, which had exactly that scrawled next to the timestamp.

The DVR quickly made rounds to the other members of the team who weren't busy reviewing their own recordings. Everyone agreed about hearing a woman's laughter.

"Check this out," Rick said while noting the time from his own DVR. He cued the section back up as Scott approached, and then handed it to him. "Listen to the whole part where we were asking questions."

Scott's mouth dropped open as he listened. With the first few questions, he heard something that sounded like voices answering, but couldn't make out any words. When he'd asked if anyone wanted to talk to him, he distinctly heard an irritated feminine voice say, "No." A few seconds later, the next question had an even more distinct answer of "Yes."

One of the other team members piped up, "I'm at the same place in mine. I can hear a woman answering at least one question, and I think I hear a guy's voice too."

Scott pulled off his headphones, his heart pounding with excitement. "Man, I can't wait to get home and run these through the software to..."

"Holy fucking shit," Karl suddenly interrupted.

"You got something?" Scott asked.

Karl quickly gestured and held up the camcorder.

Scott's jaw nearly hit the floor when he saw the frame frozen on the camcorder. Between him and Rick in the image, he could see a hazy outline of a human shape in the night-vision shot.

"It's only three frames," Karl explained. "That's the clearest one. It's right when you guys were asking questions."

"Did anybody see anything then?" Scott asked.

Answers in the negative followed.

"Man, this makes up for Halloween being a dud last year. We're on a roll this time," Karl said, clenching his fist in a victory salute.

It was a mountain of evidence equal to what they might expect from several investigations, and they were only doing quick reviews, so far. Scott was about to suggest that they pack it in and discuss the activity, in order to make an initial recommendation to the girls, but Rick's excited voice cancelled that.

"Motion detector just went off!"

"Easy," Scott cautioned as all the guys popped up from their seats. "Get the camcorder cued up again. We want to have a real-time record of what we see when we open that door."

Everyone shifted with nervous energy as Karl handed the camcorder back to Greg. He was more used to it, and could cue up the end of the previous recording more quickly. As soon as he was ready, everyone else switched on their equipment to follow Scott and Rick to Candy's bedroom.
