 It had started out as a joke. A racy photo shoot to give my husband something to fantasize about and to make me feel sexy. My friend Em had done one, and she was kind of my hero for a sexually liberated woman back then. The photos were sexy, and I wanted to feel that way. 

As I prepared for the shoot, I leafed through the pages of my husband's Playboys and Penthouse magazines, getting ideas about how to pose. I once asked him what he fantasized about when looking at the magazines. He said he pictured me in similar poses, and himself touching me, licking me, fucking me in the positions the girls were photographed in. I imagined him touching himself looking at my photos. Then I imagined other men looking at naked images of me; ogling me; cumming to photos of me. 

I was getting wet and open thinking about it. I started fingering myself gently, then pulled out my vibrator. I started thinking about my husband stroking his cock looking at the photos. My mind wandered to other cute men and even women. All of them seeing me naked and turning themselves on. Some touching themselves. Some orgasming while fantasizing about me. With the hitachi pulsating against my clit, I fingered my pussy and had an orgasm. Just a small one to warm me up for the photo shoot.

Em was waiting there for me, as was our mutual friend, Isabel, the photographer. Her apartment was tastefully decorated and she had the lights and cameras set up. Surprisingly, there was a guy there. Isabel introduced him as Dom, a neighbor who worked in a camera store. He had loaned her some of the equipment and helped with the lights and had helped with Em's photo shoot. 

"It's all professional," she assured me. Em nodded, and I didn't really mind. I was excited to get started.

We all had a toast of prosecco, and that helped loosen me up even more. Em touched up my hair and makeup and I already had on the first outfit, just a skirt and tank top. We started shooting right away. Isabel showed me some of the stills from the camera, and I looked as sexy as I had fantasized. Em kept shouting encouragement, and I tossed my hair like a pro.

Soon, I was pulling down the strap of the top, and exposing a little of my breast. The girls kept encouraging me and telling me how hot I looked. Dom was silently moving lights around and handing cameras to Isabel. Finally, I took the top off and Em hooted. "Look at those perky tits," she screamed.

I loved it. I had rarely been naked around anyone, and never while people were drunkenly shouting compliments. I arched my back, turned to the side and gave a sultry look. 

Isabel told me to pose with my best - "Please fuck me" - expression. I tried, but broke up laughing. 

"No seriously," she said. "Any men that see these - and some women - are going to imagine themselves fucking you. Your body is incredible. Give them that look."

Em brought over another glass for me to sip. I thought about how hot she looked in some of those photos. 

"What's the secret to the 'fuck me pose'?" I asked. 

She leaned close to me and brushed my hair back intimately. I was topless next to my sexy friend talking about naked poses. She put her hand on my shoulder, and gently slipped it down so her fingers brushed my nipple, which hardened to the touch. She whispered in my ear, while delicately - almost accidentally - fondling my breast. 

"I sat back and imagined a hot guy kneeling in front of me. Naked, with a huge erect cock," Em said. "I pictured him eating me out slowly and gently. When I was picturing that, those were my best photos."

That did it for me. I looked at the camera as if it were a sexy man leering at me, his cock standing at attention. 

"Perfect expression," Isabel said. Dom broke his silence, to say - "That works."

I could barely hear them. I was in my own world picturing naked men - sometimes my husband, sometimes old boyfriends, sometimes strangers - all with huge erections lusting after me. 

I pulled off the skirt and took a couple shots with my panties and no top. But I quickly pulled off my underwear. I had planned to do more teasing shots in my underwear, but Em's fantasy dirty talk had gotten me so wet, that I was embarrassed of the damp spot on my panties. 

Em cheered at my nakedness and Dom stared. I met his gaze, and then looked at his crotch. There was a bulge stretching from his mid-thigh to his belt. He kept tugging up the waistline of his jeans to cover his hard-on. 

I brought out a cardigan. My goal was to look innocent and sexy at the same time. I wanted it to casually fall perfectly open around my tits. I got on the floor and Dom moved low to get the lights position. I smiled at him and he awkwardly stepped back, trying to pull his shirt down to cover up his hardness.

Em leaned down to help open the cardigan and get me to tilt my neck in the most flattering way. She touched me gently on the stomach, just above my pubic hair, and then casually held the underside of my tit as she adjusted the sweater. She used a powder brush on my face, then tickled my hard nipple with it and smiled. She was teasing me, and we were both drunk enough to love it. I was open and wet now, with sexy visions swirling around my head. 

I then put on some pearl necklaces for some shots. Em and Isabel were both touching my tits to arrange them around my breasts. I kept drinking. Dom was even taking a few sips and suggesting to the girls how to arrange the necklaces to "show off her perfect nipples."

All the attention kept my nipples erect, and I did a series of poses lying on the couch, and on the floor. Some with high heels. My favorite is me sitting up straight on the love seat with glasses on and my hair back in a bun, tendrils falling around my face. Three necklaces of different lengths are on are on, making a circle from my neck. They fell between my nipples and down to my thighs. I have heels on, my wedding ring is showing and I have an expression of sexy disinterest. Later, my husband proclaimed it his favorite. When I'm traveling, I always find it near the bed. I'm surprised it hasn't been stained with his cum.

What he doesn't know, is that when the photo was taken, I was staring at Dom. Dom was standing on a chair holding a light for the shot. I'm looking up at his face in the photo, but I had just stared at his crotch for long enough for him to know I noticed his erection. I was giving him my best "fuck me" look. At one point, he turned around and adjusted his pants again. My pussy was soaking thinking about his cock engorged and straining against his pants, all because he wanted me. I wasn't interested in Dom romantically, but physically I was craving cock. And he seemed to have a big one that was craving me. 

I thought about a cock like that filling me up. And maybe another in my mouth. And maybe another between my tits. I'm not sure I've ever felt sexier or hornier. 

I pulled my hair out of the bun and laid back on the loveseat. Em reached over to adjust the necklace so it was touching my hard nipple. Again her fingers lingered. "You look so fucking hot," she whispered. 

Dom stepped over, now his crotch was just inches from my face. He took my glasses away. "The glare," he said, never taking his eyes from my midsection, up to my tits and down to my pussy. I lifted my left leg higher, and he stared at my pussy. I was hoping he'd see how damp I was. I wanted to turn on everyone. I imagined Dom later, with copies of the photos that he would steal, jerking off and imagining cumming inside me.

Isabel could see I was getting hot and bothered. I trailed my hand down my stomach and toward my clit. "Settle down," she said, smiling. I resisted touching myself. 

We took more shots of me lying back on the couch, as I fantasized about a series of lovers mounting me. 

Isabel said she had enough shots of me, so I put on a short robe and had another drink as Em stripped down to some lingerie and tried out some of my poses. She was taller and thinner than me, but I had better tits and curves. Together, we probably made an amazing fantasy for poor Dom and his hard-on. She was teasing he even more than I had, and she didn't need any coaching to do a perfect "fuck me" expression. I watched Dom move around trying to hide his erection.

When she finished, the two of us were washing off our makeup in our tiny robes that barely covered our asses, laughing about the shoot. Isabel left to develop and print the best shots, telling us to lock up when we were done. We were gathering our lingerie and accessories. Dom had been in the hall boxing up the camera equipment, then came back in to find us giggling. 

"How's it going Dom. Are you going to be OK?" Em teased. 

"I found these under one of the boxes," he said, holding my panties, still damp. 

I was embarrassed, but Em broke the tension perfectly - "I'm shocked you didn't take them home to jerk off with, as excited as you were when she was posing." 

I gasped, and then laughed gently. Dom smiled and shook his head. "I'm a professional, but that doesn't mean I can control natural body reactions around an incredibly sexy naked woman."

"Awwwww," Em said. "I didn't mean to hurt your feelings."

She walked over to him and took the panties out of his hands. He was tall, and she got kept getting closer until her face was almost in his chest. 

"We know you wanted to keep the panties Dom. It's OK. You take them home and jerk off into them. Just make sure you scream T's name when you cum." 

"Does that turn you on Dom?" she said.

"Yes," he murmured. 

"Don't worry, we were all turned on Dom," she said, pulling off her own slightly wet panties, and handing them toward Dom. You can keep these, too.

She pushed him down onto the loveseat.

"We can't leave him like this T," she said.. "He is all swollen and frustrated, with nothing but pictures and panties to remember us by."

She took off his shirt, unbuckled his belt and pulled his jeans off as he kicked his shoes away. I walked up behind her to see what Dom was hiding behind those boxers. 

She pulled them down to expose a dark, thick, uncircumcised cock. It looked about the same length as my husband's but seemed much thicker. He was hard, and the bulbous head was already peeking above his foreskin. 

"Very nice Dom, and you clearly have been enjoying the show." 

She placed her finger on the head and swirled around the sticky precum. Then she stroked him long and slow, until her hand was against his huge, hairy balls.

"Look how hard you made him," she said to me. 

I realized that my hand had moved down and I was gently fingering my wet pussy. 

I kneeled down next to her and grabbed the top of Dom's shaft as she held the bottom. 

"Oh my God," he moaned. 

Em moved her hand away and I stroked him gently. Em leaned down and kissed the head of his cock as I stroked. "Please," Dom begged.

I stroked gently, and Em flicked her tongue against his head, and then around the top.

She then enveloped the top into her mouth, her red lipstick leaving a mark around part of his cock. 

Dom's hands stretched down to us, and he reached inside my robe to finger my nipple and fondle my tit. I had been longing to be touched for hours, and it increased my excitement. I stroked harder and faster. He put his other hand gently on Em's head, coaxing it lower, but she pushed back. No one was going to show Em how to suck cock. She pulled away completely, popping his cock out of her mouth. 

"Ooooh," Dom said, like a disappointed kid.

She pushed him down so he was lying down, as I sat down on the loveseat so his long legs were across me and the arm of the loveseat. It was the perfect position to jerk on his long cock, which I kept doing, curious to see Em's plan.

She lifted herself up, and put one knee on the other arm of the loveseat, pushing her cunt into Dom's face. He held her up with one hand and moved the other to her clit. He hungrily lapped at her pussy, and I had the perfect view. I had never watched anyone eat someone else out, and it was sending me over the edge. Dom was putting his finger inside of her, rubbing her clit and licking her up and down. I almost came from watching, and I could tell Em was getting excited. 

She had stopped giving orders, and was throwing her head back in pleasure. I kept moving my stare from her vagina to Dom's huge cock in my hand. Fully erect, he was even longer than I thought, and I could use two hands to stroke him. I leaned down and took him into my mouth while continuing to stroke, and I could taste his salty precum. For a minute, I thought he might cum in my mouth. But before he could burst, Em was coming on his face. She moaned and her legs shook hard before she collapsed onto his chest. 

She recovered quickly and moved us around again. Now I was sitting on the arm of the loveseat and she pressed Dom's head into my crotch. He started licking my sensitive clit and fingering my opening. His long fingers stretched to my G-Spot, and his tongue was moving in circles around my clitoris - which was swollen from hours of excitement. I had been horny since we started taking photos, and he was hitting all the proper spots. I felt the orgasm well up quickly, taking over my whole body. I came hard, almost falling off the arm of the loveseat.

I thought Em's plan was to give Dom a quick handjob, but now we had both cum, and he was still nursing a raging hard-on. My head was still swimming from the orgasm, when I felt a mouth on my nipples. "Dom, that's enough," I said. But it was Em's lips around my tits, gently flicking her tongue at me and looking into my eyes mischievously. She was better at nipple play than any man I had ever been with, and I laid back and enjoyed the feeling, thinking I might come again. Dom was gently fingering me, and he had his other hand rubbing Em's clit. As he touched her, she got more excited and lapped at my nipples more.

Em changed positions again, telling Dom to lay on the floor. She lay on one side of him and I took the other. She started stroking his cock again, and we alternated. Her hand, my tongue; my hand, her lips. Within a couple minutes, Dom was moaning. I stroked hard, and Em enveloped the head of his cock with her mouth. I felt his orgasm build from his balls, through his shaft and wondered what Em would do. I had given lots of blowjobs, but I didn't even let my husband cum in my mouth. Dom's huge cock convulsed, and I watched his balls expand and empty into her mouth. She smiled and kept sucking. He came so much, some dribbled out of her mouth and onto my hands. I kept stroking to get the last cum out of him, using his cum as lube on the bottom of the shaft. 

Dom laid back exhausted and spent, and I smiled at Em, who seemed like a sex goddess to me. Dom was really just a hard, available dick, my real excitement was about Em and how she took control of her own sexuality. I wiped the cum from her chin and rubbed it back onto his cock. She looked so sexy and beautiful, I kissed her, tasting a mix of champagne and cum. We laughed over Dom's cock, and she held it at the base, pointing the head toward me. I took it in my mouth and sucked the sensitive tip one more time, making Dom jump. Em kissed me and stood up, walking into the bedroom, and I thought we were done. I was a little disappointed because I felt I could come again. Dom was recovering slowly, thanking me, and mumbling that he had never come so hard. His fingers found my clit again, and he played with me gently as we enjoyed the afterglow of great sex.

Em was back, and she kissed Dom. I was lying back on the carpet, and Em laid down near my waist. Suddenly, I felt a gentle pressure replacing Dom's fingers and heard buzzing. I looked down to see Em and Dom were pleasuring me with a two-headed vibrator. A rubber cock sized portion that Em was pushing into me, while the top was positioned to stimulate my clit. 

Dom moved over and started sucking my tits, moving his hands over me. I was about to cum from the overwhelming sensations, then the vibrator was replaced by a tongue was lapping at me. Dom and Em were both between my legs, teasing me, fingering me, and occasionally using the vibrator again.

Just as I was about to explode from one of them eating me, the sensation stopped. I sat up, and realized that Em had stopped licking my pussy because she was in the throes of another orgasm. Dom had moved behind her and was fucking her doggystyle, using the vibrator on her clit. He flipped her over and began fucking her missionary. I moved over and sucked her beutiful nipples while he pounded her. I moved the vibrator away and used my fingers on her clit, and the three of us were in perfect rhythm. She cried out as her orgasm built, and I pressed on her clit and sucked her nipples as I felt the convulsions roll through her body. I reached below and felt where he was entering her, the explosions making her clamp tightly around his huge cock. 

I had started out playing along, thinking we would just give Dom a handjob to apologize for teasing him and leaving him so hard during our photo shoot. But now I wanted it all. I wanted to cum again, and I wanted to feel that hard cock inside of me. I was jealous of Em cumming around that cock. 

I pushed Dom down. I was glad he didn't cum inside her. I straddled him and reached between my legs. Normally, I would need lube to fit a cock that size in me, but I was loose and sopping after hours of play, and he was slick with a combination of juices on him. I had never had a cock other than my husband's inside me, but I didn't even consider this cheating. I was simply masturbating with my friend, and Dom's cock was the tool we were using. 

I held him at the edge of my entrance for a couple seconds, then pushed his head in and got used to the thickness. I felt my pussy expand to let him in, and then I slid down a half-inch at a time, then back up and then slightly lower. 

"Please," Dom moaned. 

Finally, I bottomed out, and felt his huge balls against my clit. I was full and in control. I fingered my own clit and took over the pace. Em came over and alternated sucking my nipples as I slid up and down his large rod. I felt the orgasm building, and moved faster, screaming and taking him all the way in as my vagina pulsated around his cock. 

I laid down on his chest and recovered. I was spent, and so was Em, but Dom had not come for a second time. He was done letting the ladies take charge. He sat both of us up on our hands and knees. He placed himself between my legs and pushed into me doggystyle, going harder and faster than any man had ever fucked me. It took my breath away, and his balls hitting my clit had me about to come for a third time. Then his cock disappeared, and I looked back and he was fucking Em the same way. I moaned with disappointment, and he reached over and put the vibrator in me. He went back and forth for 10 minutes, fucking one of us, and using the vibrator on the other. I think Em came two more times. Finally, he was pushing hard into me, lifting my whole body up and pulling me back toward him. As my next orgasm started shaking through my body, Dom exhaled and I felt his warm semen filling me up deep inside. He pulled me even closer, jamming his cock deeper into me and shooting cum against the walls of my vagina.

The three of us collapsed and fell asleep for a few minutes before cleaning up. I went home with Em and showered at her place. I left my underwear to hide any evidence from my husband. We giggled and laughed about our day, and I kissed Em again in the shower. She fingered me gently, and I came again. 

I was changed forever that day. I didn't become a cheater, or start fooling around with other women. Instead it gave me the confidence to take control of sex with my husband, and led to years of healthy married sex. He loved the photos and so do I. He doesn't need to know about what happened after the photo shoot. I told him I got excited at the shoot, and that turns him on. 
