 I settled into my seat in the first class section of the Eurostar and unpacked my MP3 player along with my book. I find that I get a lot of male attention, not all of it unwanted by any means, but sometimes I just like to be left alone and I find that by wearing the MP3 headphones men tend to leave me alone.

I decided that I had no immediate need for that particular ruse however, when I noticed the seat next to me was about to be occupied by a big, burly man dressed in smart trousers and blazer. He checked his seat allocation against his ticket, and satisfied that he'd made the right connection; he lowered his large frame down alongside me.

'Hi,' he grinned at me. I saw that he reddened slightly and found his slight embarrassment quite cute. 'I hope you've got room there,' he said, no doubt referring to his size and the amount of space he took up.

'I'm absolutely perfect,' I purred back at him in reply, treating him to what I hoped was a dazzling smile. He was quite handsome and I could feel my treacherous pussy juicing in spite of the relatively early hour. 

Several more men in similar clothing to my neighbour began to appear, all looking for their own seats and causing some boisterous, good natured confusion as their banter passed back and forth along the carriage.

'Did you see that blonde piece sat next to Matt?' I overheard a non too silent whisper from a couple of seats in front.

'Oh yes!' came the reply. 'Lucky bastard.'

I suppressed a giggle at the less than subtle comment, and I noticed Matt, who I assumed was the hunk next to me, squirm a little in his seat and redden once again. 

It appeared that Matt was the shy one. Oh goody, I thought to myself, I do like the shy ones. I turned slightly in my seat, making no effort to pull my shortening hemline lower as my skirt rode high up my thighs. 'So where are all you boys going then?' my opening gambit in trying to engage Matt in conversation.

'Paris,' was his reply. 'Rugby, ' he added as an afterthought.

'Really?' my response was enthusiastic.

'Yeah, we're playing tomorrow. Coming back on the train tomorrow night.' Matt was beginning to open up a little, but he was still hard work.

'My brother plays rugby.' I made up a fictitious sibling in an attempt to keep the reticent Matt talking. He really was quite dishy, tall, broad shouldered, and I could see his firm, muscular thighs were quite large and well developed under his neat trousers.

'Yeah?' Matt responded. 'What position?'

His question threw me slightly, me not having a clue about the game at all. 'Oh, I don't know about that,' I recovered, playing the silly, blonde female card. 'Perhaps you could explain how it all works,' I continued, giving him the perfect opportunity to engage me in conversation.

Matt explained the various complexities associated with his sport, most of which I managed to follow and rather surprised myself by becoming more than a little interested. We passed the remainder of the journey talking about this and that, Matt becoming quite talkative once we'd broken through his initial shyness.

The long train pulled into Paris Nord and Matt prepared to rejoin the rest of his friends as it slid to a stop. I could see he'd been building up to something for the last half an hour of the journey, and just before he left me he played his card. 'Er… would you like to come to the game?' he asked, another blush rising to his hairline.

'Oh, yes please,' I replied, really quite keen.

We exchanged mobile numbers and Matt scribbled down the name of the team they were playing and rough directions to the ground. I could see his mates crowding round him as the large group made their noisy way down the platform. No doubt pumping him for information about me, and telling him in lewd detail what they'd like to do to me.

Their coarseness was fine with me because the team was exactly what I wanted; roll on tomorrow.

I found the rugby ground with no problems at all. I asked one of the coaches if he could let Matt know I was at the ground and he assured me he would pass the information on.

It was only moments later that Matt clacked over to me, his studded boots marking his approach.

'Wow!' he grinned in appreciation. I was wearing my speciality leather mini skirt and a tiny pink cotton top. 'Nice to see you.' Matt bent forwards and kissed my cheek like a gent, but I saw his eyes running up and down my body before his lips touched my skin.

'You look pretty dishy yourself,' I said, blatantly ogling his thick thighs. 'God, you're quite a big one aren't you.' Matt was standing well over six feet in is boots, his large frame dwarfing my own diminutive figure. I took hold of Matt's face in my palms and kissed him on the lips, squirming my lithe body against him.

'You'd better go and play,' I said, breaking off the kiss. 'I will want to play after the game though,' I added as Matt stared at me in surprise after the kiss. 'Oh… and bring some friends too,' I added, turning from a now slack jawed Matt, treating him to the picture of my tight bottom as I walked away.

Matt's team won the game; I wonder if my words had anything to do with their performance? I walked calmly into the changing room a few moments after the players had left the pitch, timing my entrance to perfection as I saw naked and semi naked men all around.

'Wahay!!! The strippers arrived.' One of the men shouted at my appearance. He was joking of course, but I decided that he had hit the nail on the head.

'Would you like a stripper then boys?' I called. Silencing the room with my shout. 

'Go on the darlin',' came a voice. 'Show us what you've got!'

I walked over to where Matt was standing. He was almost naked, dressed only in his shorts, my pussy was juicing madly with the excitement of my situation and the prospect of being fucked by these fit, virile men.

'Told you I wanted to play,' I teased. A huge roar went up as I kissed the half naked man in front of me. Then I turned and peeled my tiny top from my body. 'Fucking hell,' one of the players said when I unclipped my bra and offered my tight, pert tits to Matt.

'Go on son!' another man cried as I pulled Matt's face down to where he could lick my sensitive, stiffened nipples. 

I unzipped the leather skirt and wriggled free, treating the boys to the view of my bare behind and neat vulva. I'd foregone panties that morning in anticipation of not needing them for very long! I pulled eagerly at the waistband of Matt's shorts, his prick coming into view as I stripped him bare.

My stud just stood whilst I let his shorts drop to his ankles and I had to squat on my haunches in front of him so I could manipulate his cock with my hand. Syrupy love juice was beginning to drip from me now as my lust grew, and I felt my slick pussy with the tips of my fingers, fingering myself and taking Matt's cock between my lips to suck on him.

Men crowded around us so they could see the action and I released Matt's still flaccid member so I could speak to them. 'Get naked boys,' I called. 'I want hard cocks… I want hard cocks in my cunt.' My use of the obscenity surprised a few of the men, but all the same I saw some of them begin to stroke their pricks.

I turned my attention back to Matt and tried to bring his member to life. He was the one I'd fancied from the start, and it was his prick I wanted inside me first. He started to show signs of stiffening when I felt other hands roaming over the skin of my back. Some of the men were feeling my smooth skin and sporting some fantastic erections as a result.

I stood up and took two of the nearest cocks in hand. 'You like me boys?' I asked in a little girl lisp.

They merely grinned at me as I pulled on their thick cocks simultaneously. I squatted down once again in front of the pair and sucked each of their bulging domes one after the other. I licked the seeping pre cum from both, and sucked hard as I took their prick heads between my lips.

The sight of seeing me sucking and wanking two of his team mates must have excited Matt, because when I turned back to him, his cock was thick, red tipped and angry looking.

'Fuck me with that big cock,' I whispered into his ear as I felt his stiffness with my hand. I turned my back to him and bent at the waist, thrusting my hips back at him. Matt's cock pushed against my labia and then I felt it opening me as he fed his length into my liquid cunt.

Matt hissed and gripped my hips tightly, breaking into a steady rhythm of fuck strokes after he had paused momentarily, his prick buried to the hilt inside my body.

I was holding onto one of Matt's team mates to prevent my lover from pushing me over, his thrusting becoming more demanding as his desire for me grew.

'Shit, look at the little slut taking it!' someone shouted.

'Jesus, you wouldn't think of it to look at her,' another guy said. 'She looks so innocent, but fuck…'

'I'm not innocent boys.' I responded to this remark. 'I love cock, and I want all of yours!' I was forced to suck on a big, gnarled prick immediately after that remark, and then all hell let loose as far as I was concerned.

Matt pumped into me gamely from his position at my rear. As he was doing so I had a number of stiff pricks thrust into my face. It seemed that I'd suck and lick one, only to have it replaced by another moments later. Men were lining up, forming a sort of haphazard queue to feed their dicks to me. I didn't care, I wanted them all, mouth or pussy, or even both, it was all the same to me. When I got going my cunt felt like it needed a fire hose to put the fire out, but I'd have to be content with a rugby team's worth of spunk cooling the raging heat of my pussy.

Matt groaned and jerked and I felt the first of many hot loads of that day being spurted into my greedy body. When Matt had finally stopped spunking I asked for the youngest guy to come to my pussy next.

'Jamesy! Where's Jamesy?' A call went out for the one, I assumed, was the junior member of the team.

A muscular lad about my own age was pushed forward, his lovely prick waggling in front of him. I pushed Jamesy onto a wooden bench and wanked his long, smooth cock until I had him fully erect. I lowered myself over his upright prick and guided it into myself. Matt's cum leaked from my gaping pussy and dribbled over the young guys prick. Before he could protest, I had impaled myself on his cock and was beginning to ride him hard.

In this position, with me on Jamesy's lap, he could suck and bite on my tender little tits and he wasted no time in holding my breasts together and slobbering all over them. My clit was rubbing on his hard prick and I could feel a climax building up, turning my belly to liquid as I felt my release growing.

'I'm coming lover,' I grunted as my cunt squelched on the young guy's prick. 'Oh, yes! I'm going to come… Fuck… Oh fuck…' My climax exploded, inner muscles clamping around Jamesy's cock causing him to spurt his seed into me as my clenching milked his prick.

'Fuck,' he called out as he emptied his prick into me. It was still spitting weakly when I stepped off him, desperately searching for my next cock.

It was a free for all after that. Men were constantly pulling at me, splitting my labia roughly as they frenziedly fucked into my lithe, tight body. I felt them spurting their hot goo into me time after time, some of them becoming too aroused to wait and spraying my face, tits and body in their haste.

For half an hour or more they came at me and I took every one of them that offered me a hard cock, whether in my mouth or in my cunt, every member of the team spunked a load either on me or into me.

The grey haired coach that I had first spoken to when I arrived at the ground took his turn too. He was awed by my body and kept muttering to himself while he fucked me in a missionary position, my long, tanned legs hooked around his arms as he held himself over me. He was using my exposed cunt properly, battering into me like a man possessed. 'I can't believe it,' he murmured as he fucked. 'She's so young… My own daughter's older… Beautiful tits… What a body…' He babbled on and on until he gushed his lust deep into me, the last one for the English side that afternoon.

Matt led me to the showers and helped me wash the thick goo from my face and body. I sluiced as much spunk from my pussy as I could and then the boys took me into the club bar where the French team was waiting for the post match beers.

They couldn't believe their eyes, or their luck when I was placed in front of their mature team Captain. I was completely naked, my long blonde hair was soaking from the shower but I'd tied it back in a ponytail.

The gallant Captain was the first of the French to take me. He was speaking to me in French as he fed my cunt his big prick, whispering softly in my ear and stroking my tits. I was sat on top of him while we fucked and he held my firm buttocks in his big, rough hands, slamming me onto his prick, with the sound of our coupling sounding around the bar as my buttocks slapped against his big, hairy thighs.

I had a repeat performance from the French team in the more comfortable surroundings of their bar area, and I was fucked by every one of the horny Frenchmen too. I was behaving like the total slut I was, fucking men one after the other as their comrades stood at the bar, drinking and watching the action.

It was well after midnight when I let myself into my hotel room. My pussy and tits were sore after being ravaged by two full rugby teams, their support staff and the two horny French barmen in the club bar. I hadn't showered after the second session and my body was covered with dried French cum, thick semen was oozing from my pussy and my thighs were drenched too.

I must have smelt like a complete whore as I rode on the metro, but I didn't care and would have gladly taken on even more men if the opportunity had presented itself.

I had an open invitation to the English team's club and the French wanted to make me their mascot.

I think I'll be following sport more closely from now on.