 One girl's introduction to the adult entertainment industry

It was the evening, and night, that changed my life. Then I wasn't rich, now I'm pretty wealthy. Then I wasn't that confident with other people, now I'll assert myself with anybody who tries to tell me different. So, in such a life changing environment I thought I should at least write it down so that I can look back and see just how and when, so much changed for me.

I'd rung an old college friend, a girl I hadn't seen for some years. She and I had been in the same sorority and had gotten on pretty well together. In fact, we'd had some pretty wild times. It had been the first time that I'd lived away from home and although I was by no means a virgin; there had been three previous guys, by the end of that first semester I was certainly into sex in a big way and I couldn't count my further conquests on the fingers of two hands. But a girl has to be careful as it's all too easy to get a slutty reputation and that was one thing I wasn't going to do.

Nor was Susie. I'll call her that; it's not her real name as some guys out there may recognize it and this account is personal. I'm not going to give you my name either for reasons you'll see later on. Both Susie and I are blonde, around five six and 120 pounds without our clothes on which in those early days was pretty frequent. True, now that we're in our mid-twenties and given what we now both do to earn a buck, it's even more frequent; but wait, I'm getting ahead of myself.

She'd answered the phone on the third ring. "Hi, fantastic! How are you? It's been a long time, what's happening? Where are you living?" Her questions tumbled out one after another. I explained that I'd been working abroad, that the firm had sadly collapsed and that I'd just returned home to look for work.

"When can we meet? How about coming over to my place? Hey, do you remember those great times we had in college? All those young guys who thought all their dreams had come true when really it was us getting off real good! Yeah, come on over to my apartment, say Thursday. I know what, I'll make some arrangements for, shall we say, the entertainment?" I hung up wondering what on earth she'd meant, but whatever, knowing Susie it would probably involve sex in one way or another.

Thursday came and I dressed with care. Sexy but classy sexy, not slutty. Black high heels, stockings; always stockings never pantyhose, short black skirt with an electric blue top that plunged pretty deep between my new 35Ds and which meant that a bra was out of the question. Not that that was a problem. When I was abroad I'd had a really good boob job that had boosted my 35Bs to a decent handful and they now stood high and proud on my chest without the slightest trace of sag. For some reason and I still don't know why, I decided not to wear panties, call it a premonition if you like. I've always relished the excitement, the naughtiness, of going out knowing that I'm bare-assed and that no-one else knows.

I rang the bell to her apartment. "Hi," she answered brightly on the intercom, "Come on up, it's the penthouse." Was it now, I thought. She must be doing well for herself. We hadn't talked about jobs but whatever she did do, it obviously paid well. The door to her apartment was open. "Come on in ," she called and as I stepped through the door she came out from the kitchen before rushing across to throw her arms around me and kiss me.

"Well, let me look at you. And just look at you! What a sassy, classy girl you look - I could quite eat you! And hey, I don't remember those - you've had a job done there, haven't you?" Unexpectedly, she reached out and touched my right breast squeezing it gently. "Hey, they're good, real good, nice feel, I bet they look good, too." Her hand was soft on my breast and she squeezed gently again before looking me straight in the eyes and then letting go.

"You don't look too bad, yourself, you know," I laughed, looking her up and down. And she didn't, either. Her long blonde hair tumbled around her shoulders and like me, she was wearing a short skirt and a top with a plunging neckline that showed off her boobs to best advantage. "Hey," I laughed. "Seems like I'm not the only one who's had some work done!"

"True, but in my line of work, it's necessary to have more than sufficient up here." She lifted her hands and cupped her breasts, grinning at me. "Not bad are they? Cost me a packet but they're the best investment I ever made. OK, so how about a drink? I've got some really great Champagne in the refrigerator."

I sat down on the deep comfortable couch as she went to get the wine. Returning, she poured two glasses and raising her glass, said, "Here's to us - there's none like us!" We quickly caught up on old times with Susie occasionally glancing at her watch before we got round to what we were doing now. Having just moved back to the States I explained I was looking for work. "Didn't you do some modeling when we were at college?" she asked. "I seem to remember something about it helping to pay your way through college."

"You're right, though you're kind to call it modeling," I responded. "I think the more usual term is glamour modeling. Nothing indecent, you know, just topless stuff, but it sure helped to pay the bills."

"Mmmm," she said thoughtfully and changed the topic. It was at least another 20 minutes before we got around to what she was doing. "Oh that's easy," she laughed. "This doesn't come cheap, you know," waving a hand around the apartment. "I decided a couple of years ago that if I wanted to make some serious money and have some fun while I still looked pretty good then it had to be adult films. Hence, these!" She cupped her hands round her breasts again, this time stroking them gently while looking down at them. Her nipples started to harden under her top. She couldn't be wearing a bra, I thought. 

She looked back up at me, gauging my reaction. "Not bad are they? Like yours really. It's amazing the effect a little bit of silicone has on guys," she laughed. I wasn't totally surprised. She always had liked sex, particularly with well endowed guys, and this was a way to get very well paid for it without being a hooker. She smiled at me. "I hope that doesn't shock you. It's a good way to make lots of money while I'm still young and I reckon I've got another three or four years and then I'll do something else in the industry. Maybe produce or start up my own film company."

I knew from my own modeling days that the industry was quite tough. When you were young and good looking then the money was easy, but unless you were right at the top then it was hard. She was still looking at me. "What?" I said. "Why are you looking at me like that?"

"You've done some modeling, how about doing some more? It's good money and good fun, too. It's more than just topless nowadays, though, it's all the way but hey, you get to go to lots of glamorous places - and some not so glamorous ones, too," she laughed. "You're real good looking, a genuine blonde - always an asset - great figure, what more could any guy want to look at? You; only without the clothes.

"Or," she went on, "If you really wanted to make the serious money then you could do as I do. I do adult films. That's like porno to you and me. Lots of well hung studs and all the sex you can handle."

I was intrigued. I wasn't sure that I either wanted to or could do this, but the bills were already starting to mount up and I needed an income and soon. "Stand up," Susie said. I stood, smoothing my skirt as I did so. "Now turn around real slow so I can see you." I did as she asked. "Hey, great ass," she laughed. "Nice and tight, the guys out there like that. Now, take your top off and let me see what you've had done."

I hadn't expected this but slowly I undid the buttons and peeled it off my shoulders. "Nice tits," Susie commented as I dropped the top onto the couch. I put my hands up under my breasts and held them out. "Yeah, good move. Guys like that, you know. Seems like you're holding your tits out for them to come over!" We both laughed and the tension eased. "And how about the rest?" She looked at my skirt.

"Oh, I couldn't," I said flushing at the thought that I wasn't wearing panties.

"Hey, you're not shy are you? I seem to remember seeing you without clothes quite often when we room-mates."

"No, it's just that I'm not wearing ... . " My voice trailed off.

"You mean you don't have any panties on? Oh, you naughty girl!" she exploded into laughter. "Hell, I've seen more pussies and up close and more too, than you've had hot dinners!" 

Slowly I dropped my skirt to the floor and turned around again. Now I was all but naked in front of her, wearing only stockings and shoes. "Hell, I was sure right, you do have a nice ass!" she cried.

"But you also have a bit of a bush down there. I think we should do something about that. Come with me." She got to her feet and taking me by the hand we went though to her bedroom and into her bathroom. It had mirror walls and I could see myself in them. It was cooler here and my nipples started to harden partly because of the drop in temperature but also because looking at my naked body from lots of different angles was starting to get me aroused.

"Let me get rid of these," Susie said as she started to strip off her clothes. She dropped her skirt and lost her panties and stockings. I was right about her not wearing a bra for as she pulled her top off her tits bounced free each with its hardening erect nipple. They did look good. I reached out to touch her. As she felt my hand close around her breast she smiled at me. "Go ahead, touch all you like. They're real good aren't they? Mmmm, you got real soft hands. Yessir, you sure know how to touch another woman."

She drew me into her, our naked bodies touching, our breasts rubbing gently against each other. Where was this going? I thought. Then Susie put a hand under my chin and lifted my face to hers. Looking me deep in the eyes she slowly brought her mouth down on to mine. My lips opened almost involuntarily and I felt her tongue snake into my mouth as the kiss became deeper and more intimate. My arms were around her and I pulled her tighter into me as our pussy mounds rubbed against each other.

Eventually we broke apart, both breathing heavily from the emotion. We looked at each other. Breaking the sexual tension Susie said, "OK, now we have to do something about that bush of yours. A shower is best." She turned the shower on in the large cubicle. "Do you want to do it?" she asked handing me a razor and some cream. "Or would you like me to help? It's normally easier to get someone else to do it for the first time, anyway."

I nodded, almost afraid to speak at the emotions running through me. I'd just kissed another girl. I mean like, really kissed and what's more she'd been naked and I'd felt her rub her pussy mound against mine. And I'd liked it. I'd liked it a lot. And I wanted more. I wanted to explore just how far this might go. Little did I expect then what was to happen later in this very apartment. I kicked off my shoes and pulled my stockings off.

Stepping in to the shower I let the warm water splash over my body as Susie started to lather the cream into my bush. Then, with expert strokes she shaved me, taking care not to cut me. She rinsed away the last of the cream. "There, as bare as the day you were born!" I stepped out of the shower to get my full reflection.

"How do you like it? Does it feel good, or what?" Susie was still on her knees in the shower where she'd been shaving my now gleaming pussy. I turned back to her and rubbed my hand across my now bare mound. "Come here honey," she said quietly. "There's something I just gotta do." I moved over in front of her and she lowered her head to my mound and I felt her tongue snake up my slit. I almost jumped. It was unexpected but pleasurable at the same time. Sure, I've had guys go down on me lots of times before and it's something I really like - it gets me off big time - but this was the first time a woman had touched me there.

Somehow, I didn't pull back so Susie assumed that I liked it. She was right, I did. Again, I felt her tongue touch me there, but this time it was deeper and more insistent. Tentatively, I pulled her head into my body to let her know that I wanted more. Yes, lots more. Her touch was so gentle and yet so erotic for she, as another girl, knew just how to really turn me on. I wanted her to take me all the way and told her so.

"Yeah, hon, I want you too, but not here. C'mon into the bedroom, we got more space and it ain't so hard on my knees!" In the bedroom she treated me to another of those long, lingering, so erotic kisses, our naked bodies pressed up harder than ever against each other. Gradually she eased me back on to the bed. I scooted to the middle of her king-size and lay back watching her. 

She stood at the foot of the bed for a few moments one hand stroking her own pussy while the other massaged her big, heavy breasts. Sure, I'd seen girls masturbate before, but this was somehow being done for me. An invitation? An expression of what she wanted to do to me? I didn't know, I let my own hand wander down to my pussy lips before slipping one and then two, fingers inside. I spread my legs in front of her so that she could see what I was doing for I could still feel the touch of her tongue on me and I wanted more of it.

She was teasing me now, her hand flashing over her clit as she sought to bring herself off in front of me. "You like watching, don't you?" She panted. "Like watching this girl get off in front of you?" I nodded, my own feelings starting to build inside my as my fingers continued their work. Suddenly, almost without warning, she climaxed, her juices spurting clear from her pussy as she squirted hard. I'd never seen a girl come like that except on porno films and I suddenly realized that our situation was just like a film. 

Still breathing hard she climbed on to the bed and gently pushed my legs further apart before lowering her head between them and running her tongue up my slit. This was what I suddenly wanted so much. "Oh my God," I said. "Take me, fuck me. Oh, I so need you to get me off, Susie. Fuck my hot little pussy with your tongue!"

She lapped harder and harder at pushing her face deep between my legs and licking up and down my slit, in and out of my pussy and around and around my hard little clit. I was in agony and I was in ecstasy. It was wonderful. "Oh fuck me! Fuck me!" I cried. "Fuck my hot little pussy! Yeah, ohhh yeah! Fuck! Oh I'm coming, arghhh, oh fuck! I'm there! There!" With a final yell my pussy launched into a convulsion, writhing as it orgasmed sending wave after wave of deep pleasure surging through my body. My hands, arms, legs, breasts, even my nipples felt on fire as the orgasm surged through my body. "Oh, fuck!" I cried out, "I'm still coming, oh yeah! Yeah!" Slowly, inevitably, my orgasm slowed but little tremors ran through my body for the next two or three minutes as I gradually came to again. I looked down my body, beyond where my breasts laying heaving on my chest their hard, hard nipples pointing skywards, to where Susie's face grinned up at me from between my still spread legs.

"I'd say you liked that. Liked being fucked by another girl, didn't you?" The grin continued. She sat up, studying my body. "Mmmm, you do look good. Good enough to eat as I said!" She laughed. "You really did enjoy that, I could tell. Would you like more?"

"Yes, oh yes, but not yet. I need to recover first. I think another glass of Champagne might do it." 

"OK then. Let's go through. Here, you probably want something to wear." Walking over to the large walk-in closet she went in and moments later came out carrying two silk robes. "Catch!" She threw one over to me and I wrapped it round my naked body pulling the top apart to show my cleavage before tying it firmly with its silk belt.

We went back through to the main room with its beautiful panoramic views across the city. Susie topped up our glasses. "Cheers! Here's to your first time with another girl - may there be many more!"

Almost as if on cue, the intercom rang. "Hi, you're early, come on up though, I'd say we're ready for you." She winked at me. "I said we'd have some entertainment, didn't I? Only you might want to be a bit more involved now."

Intrigued, I watched her as she went to open the door. Moments later two real hunky guys and a pretty blonde came in. Both the guys were around six feet with broad shoulders and narrow hips while the girl was, shall we say, stacked, and had a tiny waist with good hips. Her narrow waist served only to accentuate her breasts which must have been at least a DD.

There were introductions all round - the guys were Steve and Peter while the girl was Stella, again none of the names are real for they all still work in adult films. More Champagne was poured and after taking a deep draught Stella said, "Where do I change?"

"Oh, through there, honey, in my bedroom. Sorry, it's a bit messed up but we had a bit of fun in there just now. My pussy twitched at the thought of the fun we'd just had. It certainly wanted more, either from Susie or maybe from either Peter or Steve, or both. There were possibilities here, I thought.

Stella carried her small bag through to the bedroom while Susie and I chatted with the guys who eyed me up and down quite expectantly. I boldly returned their gazes while imagining their hard bodies under their clothes and thinking about what they might have between their legs. I felt I could do anything now. After all, I'd just been brought off by another girl, a girl who was at the centre of the porn film world, and I had climaxed big-time, mighty big-time.

Stella walked back in to the room wearing what I could only describe as most guys ultimate porn fantasy. She was wearing what appeared to be a series of leather straps joined together by small chrome rings while her DD breasts projected proudly through the straps with each one capped by a small leather patch. There was another small leather patch that covered her pussy. Apart from her high heels, stockings and costume, she was naked.

"Now, the fun begins," whispered Susie who was sat next to me on the couch sipping Champagne. "You'll enjoy this, watch." 

The two guys were evidently well programmed. They got to their feet and advanced on Stella. They ran their hands over her body, touching and caressing her gently. She lifted her face to each in turn to kiss and be kissed. They became more intimate, touching her breasts and her pussy mound still hidden behind its cover. They stroked her body around and around, kissing and nibbling on her . She moved her hands down and cupped them in front of her and one of the guys, it was Steve I think, moved in and placed the contents of his groin in her hands.

"Yes," she breathed at him. "Yes, you're getting hard for me. Getting ready to fuck me, aren't you?" He moved away to be replaced by Peter who received the same treatment. "Oh, yes, I can feel how hard you are. Your cock is getting real hard and ready to give me a good fucking."

Both guys took a step back and pulled off their t-shirts. I had expected good, hard bodies and I wasn't disappointed. Both these guys worked out, and often, by the look of them. Watching them strip I almost missed Stella who slowly removed the little covers over the tips of her breasts exposing her hard, erect nipples. The guys, it seemed, weren't the only ones aroused here.

I was getting pretty turned on, as well. This was going to be live sex taking place right in front of me. There was something almost voyeuristic about it. I fully realized that it was for my benefit and that later on I might be able to join in but for the moment I was content to watch. Especially so, as Susie had slid a hand inside my robe and was gently massaging one of my breasts making its nipple tingle as she stroked me. I turned my face to her and kissed her long and deep. She smiled at me. "You like this don't you? Just as you liked me fucking you with my tongue."
