 My wife and I have had a threesome before, it was with this guy my wife had known for awhile and I'll admit seeing the other guys huge cock was a bit of a thrill for me, and made me wonder if he wasn't part race horse. Although we only had straight sex at that time, but I did put the condom on the other guy which was a new experience for me, and a surprise for me that is was a slight turn on. 

Now my wife has admitted to me that she really didn't like the guy, guy, girl threesome. Although would be willing to try it again if the right guy would come along. She has also told me that she would like to try a girl, girl, guy threesome. 

The other night my wife came to bed after I had already been asleep from some time. When she came to bed she woke me up with her mouth on my admittedly average size 6" cock. I am sure I will be driving a very expensive sports car by the time I am 45. I did find her activities very enjoyable. I do like a good blow job. Once I had the cobwebs out of my head. I pulled my wife off of my cock and then got her into my favorite position, doggy style. I slipped my now hard cock into her more than eager pussy. 

My wife is about five feet and nine inches. She has brown hair and brown eyes. Now she is a bit on the real curvy woman side of things, but that is fine with me. I think she is beautiful and really, really sexy as hell, and she is a raging nympho. I am 6 feet 4 inches I have brown hair and Hazel eyes, but my wife says that they turn emerald green when I am turned on, and ready to go. I am about 250 lbs, with abs of Tupperware, although I have been working out more recently, since I have wanted to be in better shape, for the sexual adventures I have been having as of late. 

As I am impaling her with my dick, she seems to me a little more receptive then normal. In fact she reaches her climax before I do and that is a bit out of the norm for her. However I cum soon after she does, I never last long when she is on all fours. Her pussy just feels too good, and I am able to go so deep, it just does me in everytime.

We lay there cuddled next to each other I start to wonder why she was so keyed up. 

"Sweetness, why are you so sensitive tonight?" 

She looks up at me as she had her head on my less than impressive chest. "I don't think, I should tell you," she says to me. 

"Go ahead sexy, you can tell me." 

Earlier in the night she had her African-American friend Nikki who was bi-sexual over for a bit. They had been watching movies when I had gone to bed early as I had to go to work the next day. 

"Well, something happened with Nikki and me." 

I had to take a moment to process this new information. "What kind of something?" I asked her. 

"Well, you know I have always wanted to try it with a girl, right?" 

I had known this for awhile, and I had always thought it was a cool idea, seeing my wife with another woman was really hot. But then 95% of men think that, the 5% that don't are either gay or are Rev. Jerry Falwell. "Yeah, I knew that and I don't have a problem with that. Wait did you and Nikki Fuck each other?"

"No, it was more like Nikki fucked me. She had to leave before I could do anything with her." 

I laid there for a moment processing the sight in my head. Now Mandy's friend Nikki is a big and Beautiful woman. And the thought of her licking my wife pussy was a pleasant thought. It also had potential, at least in my mind it did. Mandy had said after we had our first threesome experience that she would like to try it with another woman. 

Now I'll be honest with you, I love the female anatomy. My favorite parts are the puppies, and I'm not talking about the kind with four legs and a cold wet nose. I am talking about Tits, Breast, Ta Ta's, or whatever other name you might have for them. I just love puppies. Having just said all of that, Nikki has some very large tits, and I had wanted to see them uncovered for sometime. 

So sometime had passed and I started to talk to my wife about having her friend Nikki come over and we could talk about having a threesome just like my wife had wanted. I'll admit it, I was being opportunistic, however my wife and I would both get something out of this. 

Now just a small aside here, if you and your wife or life partner are going to have a threesome, it should be told that the marriage or partnership should be rather solid, meaning that there can't be any kind of miss-trust or jealousy between each other. Otherwise all a threesome will do is just put out more resentment into an already shaky relationship. Now Mandy and I have since divorced since this event has happen, however it was for different reasons, and not related to this at all. 

Now about three weeks had gone by before everyone was able to get together, and discuss the action before us. Now I had thought that we were just going to talk about it. However my wife and Nikki had other plans. They had been scheming for the last three weeks about it. 

So I am sitting in my chair and my wife and Nikki are sitting on the couch. They turned to each other as if they we going to be talking to each other. Then before I knew what was happening they were kissing each other. Tongues were moving in and out of each others mouth. I watched as Nikki started to take off my wife's shirt. Mandy doesn't wear a bra, she hasn't since we started dating almost seven years ago. Watching another woman taking my wife's clothes off was something of a yahoo moment for me. 

Next my wife started to take off Nikki's shirt. Apparently some planning had been done, because Nikki wasn't wearing a bra either, or panties either for that matter. As my wife took off Nikki's pants, my wife decided to go down on Nikki and started to lick her pussy with some enthusiasm I hadn't seen before. I just sat there watching my wife lick her friend's clit. The contrast of my wife's white skin against Nikki's black skin was rather interesting to see. I finally couldn't help myself anymore. 

I got up and went over to the couch to join in the fun. I was starting to get undressed when Nikki told me to stop. I froze were I was standing. Mandy pulled herself away from Nikki's now wet pussy. I could see that her pussy was also starting to glisten with her sweet juice. Nikki got up and walked over to me. She then gave me a kiss, my tongue going into another woman's mouth for the first time since my wife and I have been together. Nikki then got down on her knees and started to undo my pants. She started with first the button, and then the zipper. My semi-erect 7" cock popped out as if trying to encourage the naughty things that all three of us were taking part in tonight. 

Nikki then took my cock in her hand and the site was very hot. Seeing her black hand around my white cock, it was almost artistic. She started to rub my still hardening cock, and then started to suck on it and proceeded to give me a blow job like I had never had before, in fact it was better then my wife had ever given me. Just as Nikki was starting to really get into it, my wife came over and started in on my cock to, it was like nothing I had ever experienced before in my life. Two women sucking my cock, yeah as one WWE Superstar would say, this, this is Cool. 

I was starting to feel as if I would cum right there, so I had to pull away before I ruined all the fun to early. We all went to the bedroom. I had my wife lay on the bed I wanted to lick her pussy, and show her how much I really liked the present she had given me. I licked her pussy for all I was worth. I guess I had gotten a little carried away with what I was doing, because before I knew it my wife had her first orgasm of the night. When I looked up from between her legs I saw that Nikki was kissing and sucking on my wife's tits. This was a very hot site to see from between my wife's legs.

I got up and then had Nikki lay down on the bed and I got my head between her legs too, I wanted to lick this ebony pussy. I have always liked chocolate, and I wanted to have it melt in my mouth. So I started to lick her pussy just as I was starting to really get into it I felt my wife grab my rather hard cock which was now a full 8", and then put it into her mouth. Yeah I thought, this was very cool. I could feel the climax starting to build in Nikki and I was about to cum too. So I had my wife stop what she was doing, I wasn't done yet. Nikki exploded when she started to cum. She was quite the screamer. 

After giving Nikki a moment to compose herself, my wife decided that she want to have Nikki lick her pussy some more. So with my wife laying on the bed I had Nikki get on all fours for me. I then for the first time stuck my cock into the ebony pussy. It was soft and pink and ready for a good fuck. It was quite the picture. A train of hot sex, my wife being eaten out by a woman, while I was, in turn fucking that same woman. A bit of a reverse Oreo. Yeah it was hot, so hot in fact that we were all so lost in our lusts that we all surprised ourselves and suddenly all started to cum at the same time. It was the most erotic, sexy, and startling orgasm I have ever experienced in my life. We all sort of crashed into each other. 

I am rather sure the neighbors thought there was a mass murder going on with all the screams that happened at the same time. We were all so spent that we just passed out in a pile of naked satisfaction, and yet we still wanted more of each other. I knew I had too have more of that soft ebony pussy. So I moved my hand to were I could rub Nikki's pussy. She looked up but she didn't stop me. In fact she encouraged it by opening her legs wider so I could have easier access to her still quivering pussy. 

Once I felt recovered from the mind blowing orgasm. I started rub my cock so it would be hard again. Before I could even get started. Mandy had moved around to where she could suck my cock while I had my second helping of Nikki's fantastic pussy.

I dove right in and started to lick her clit, and her lips, and I gave her pussy the tongue lashing it begged for, I enjoyed that pussy for a good 5 mins. All the while my wife as sucking my cock bringing it back to life. I noticed that Nikki was starting to breathe faster. So I knew she was going to cum really soon. When she did it was almost as powerful as the first one she had earlier. Which really surprised me that she could still have such a powerful orgasm, after having had so many already. 

My Cock was fully hard again, and so I had my wife bend over in front of me. Just before I was getting ready to put my cock in her pussy, she told me to stop and put it in her ass instead. When she said that I thought I had just hit the jackpot. My wife knew I loved to fuck her in the ass. 

I saw that Nikki was getting her self turned around so that Mandy could have her pussy, and Nikki could have Mandy's pussy. It was a sight to see. I was fucking my wife in the ass, she was licking and sucking Nikki's Pussy, and Nikki was doing the same to Mandy's Pussy, and also alternating between my balls and Mandy's Pussy. We stayed that way for a good 10 minutes, and just when I thought I wouldn't be able to take anymore my wife started to orgasm which, just took me over the edge, and I started to cum, and then Nikki started to cum. Once it was all over we knew, we would have to take a break. I was completely spent, and I knew my wife was too. 

We all just fell asleep cuddled up next to each other knowing that we would be doing this again, once we woke up and were recovered from this unbelievable experience.