 I left the house in the afternoon and caught the train at York Station for the first leg of my trip to Paris. I was going to travel by the Eurostar and was very excited by the prospect of adventure that lay before me. Not only was I going to be visiting a city I'd never been to be before there was also the obvious opportunity for some wild sexual adventures along the way.

It was a lovely, warm July afternoon when I set out, the sort of weather that really allows me to show off my body to all those lovely men out there and to see the effect I have on them. I love to show myself off, I love the attention I receive from men AND women and I'm fortunate that I am regarded as being cute, desirable and hot because I am such a total slut.

I have surprised quite a few people to date with my angelic features, people tend to think that because I look so sweet and innocent I must be that way in temperament also.

Oh how wrong they are!!

I was introduced to sex at a tender age and the manner of my deflowering was so sordid and depraved that it has left me with a rather perverted view of how I should behave, that fact coupled with a relentless itch in my pussy means that I absolutely love sex, crave it in fact and I take every opportunity that's presented to me in order to quench the fire in my loins.

So far the flames have only been fanned higher and burn brighter than before.

So as I stood under the grand, arched, ornate roof of York railway station waiting for the Inter City that would carry me to London, I became aware of a man studying me intently as he stood nearby, obviously waiting for the same train as me. 

As I said earlier, I do love to show off and I am no stranger to attention and advances from both sexes and so it wasn't any surprise that the man was letching after me. Besides I was stood wearing a tiny denim mini skirt that showed off my long, tanned legs to perfection. I was in a pair of impossibly high heeled shoes and all I had on top was a clingy, white t shirt. I'm only 19 and my breasts are a long way from actually needing a bra since they are full, rounded and very firm, with my nipples clearly poking through the cotton and visible for anyone to admire.

I told you I love to show off and today was no exception, a combination of the clothes I was hardly wearing, my full bosom, my long platinum blonde hair and never ending legs meant that I was looking quite delectable, even if I do say so myself.

The train pulled in noisily and I hauled my bag into the tiny vestibule and found my reserved seat. I ignored the look of disgust from the withered old bag opposite who sat glaring at me with thin lipped disapproval written all over her features and smiled brightly at her husband whose eyes were standing on stalks when he saw me.

The train was soon humming along the rails heading southwards and I was happily sat gazing at the countryside flashing past the window, listening to my MP3 player when I looked along the carriage and saw the man I had noticed on the platform looking straight at me. He wasn't fazed at all by me catching him looking and he continued to obviously ogle me from his seat.

I felt the familiar flip in my stomach that I feel as I am becoming sexually aroused and my pussy began to clench involuntarily as it moistened. I swallowed because I knew that I would have to do something about the itch between my thighs soon or else the whole carriage would be able to smell my arousal as my juices trickled from my quim. 

I looked at the man along the carriage. He was in his mid fifties, scruffy and untidy. I didn't care about his appearance though I was very, very happy to be fucked by an unsavoury character like him. I love the depravity of my sexual adventures and the thought of fucking this slimy old man only heightened my anticipation.

It would be his lucky day.

I winked at the dirty old sod along the carriage and smiled with satisfaction when he blinked in surprise. I laughed out loud when he actually looked behind himself and further along the carriage to see if I was winking at some young stud and the look of surprise on his unshaven face when he realised it was he I had winked to.

I unfolded my long legs and stood, noting the thin lipped old bitch again and the look of sheer delight upon her old husbands face as he saw my gusset flash when my tiny skirt rode up high. I pulled the skirt down towards a modicum of decency, smiled at the old boy sat next to the battle axe and tottered down the carriage.

I timed it perfectly and as the train gave a tiny lurch I ‘accidentally' spilled into the lap of my letcherous admirer. ‘Oh I'm so sorry,' I squealed as I fell into his lap. ‘I'm so silly for wearing these shoes on the train,' I simpered as I pushed myself upright, making sure I took a big handful of his trouser front and squeezing his cock.

He coughed as I tottered away along the carriage towards the train buffet car.

Sure enough, as I stood at the counter waiting to be served my friend the letch arrived and stood behind me in the queue. I grinned to myself; things were going just as I'd hoped.

My pussy was gushing juice now and the tiny thong I was wearing was soaked through with my goo. The tops of my inner thighs were smeared with my love juice and I could feel the slick wetness as I walked away from the buffet counter.

I stopped in the little area adjacent to the toilet and watched the letch hurrying back after me. I didn't say a word as he approached. I just opened up the toilet door, looked at him directly and stepped inside. He hesitated at that moment but I left him in no doubt that I wanted him to come in by holding the door wide.

Just as my admirer followed me into the cubicle I saw the old man with the battle axe wife come into view. The dirty old sod had followed me too.

I smiled at him when he saw me holding the door. ‘Are you coming in too?' I asked, thinking that I could give the old boy the treat of his life by letting him watch me getting fucked.

‘What the fuck…' The first guy blurted, obviously concerned by this unexpected occurrence.

‘Look, you're going to be fucking my tight little cunt soon so you could at least be generous and let my friend here watch. Or do you get 19 year old girls like me on your prick every day?' I said to him as his jaw dropped slack at my language.

He didn't say another word and the old man pushed his way into the small space with us. He looked frightened and excited, as though he was terrified that his wife would catch us but unable to help himself at the same time.

I took control straight away, I may be young in years but I knew from experience that I had to grip the situation. Men may be all show and bravado but they can be weak and cowardly at times like these.

I pulled my t shirt off completely and handed it to the sweet old guy. ‘Take care of that for me darling,' I smiled at him. I then lifted my tiny skirt up round my waist and pulled my thong to one side.

‘Get on your knees and lick me,' I said to my lover as I got into as best a position as I could manage by sitting almost in the sink and spreading my wet thighs.

The man dropped to his knees and pushed his stubbly face against my tender young cunt. He licked and sucked at me, growling with lust as he did so.

‘Oh yes, suck my clit. Go on, stick your fingers in my hole you filthy old bastard,' I exhorted the man as I washed his chin with my juices. I was squeezing my firm tit flesh and tweaking my stiff nipples as he licked me.

I felt my climax begin to build at the guy's expert tonguing and I looked at the old man squeezed into a corner, his mouth agape at the sights and sounds. I locked eyes with the old man as I came and as my body convulsed and trembled I saw the old boy pull his cock from his trousers and begin to wank it.

As his cock grew I noticed the size of it. It was huge and all thick veined and gnarled like an old tree trunk. The old guy stroked his fat cock as he feasted his eyes on my tight, athletic body. ‘My, oh my,' he whispered almost to himself. ‘Look at that body, those tits and those legs. Fuck, I wish I were young again. What I wouldn't give …' He voice trailed off as he continued to feast his eyes on me.

My lover stood now and pulled his own cock free of his trousers. It was quite big, but the old man put him to shame for size. Nevertheless I soon had his prick sliding in and out of my tight young cunt. I watched his face contort with the pleasure he felt as we fucked.

All of a sudden though he grunted and moaned, ‘I'm coming, oh shit I'm coming.' I felt his cock jerk and then his hot seed gushed into my hot pussy, bathing my insides.

He pulled out of me and his thick spunk dripped from me still itching cunt and dripped to the lino floor.

‘You tosser,' I spat at him. ‘You call that a fuck? You only lasted 30 seconds, Jesus.' I ranted at him as his cock dwindled and shrank.

I looked at the old man now and eyed his thick shaft. ‘How old are you baby?' I crooned at him.

He looked at me and stammered, ‘Ssssixty seven'

I pushed my now slack cocked lover to one side and pulled the old man into his place. I reached out and gripped the old boy's huge prick. ‘So you're old enough to show this wimp how to fuck?' I asked, slowly stroking the thick root in my hand.

The old man gulped as I placed the big dome of his cock between my dainty labia and pulled him deep into my squelching, spunk filled pussy.

One he was balls deep inside me the old man's eyes lit and he held onto my hips and started to fuck me. The feeling of his big, veiny cock stretching my cunt was sublime and soon I was jerking my hips at him as I tried to take more and more of his prick inside me.

He mauled my sweet, smooth; breasts with his calloused hands and pulled on my sensitive nipples with his fingers.

My orgasm welled up through my body and I climaxed hard as he pounded my pussy with beautiful strokes. I don't know why his wife looked so pissed off if she was getting this treatment from the old man, maybe she wasn't!

I shuddered and moaned as I came and then I felt this fantastic old boy go rigid for a moment before he spat jet after jet of his seed up into my womb. It felt as though he was flooding me with his thick spunk and a thought flashed through my mind about being made pregnant by this 67 year old demon.

He sighed as he slid that rod from my body and even more spunk dripped onto the lino as I now had 2 loads of the stuff up me. I sat astride the toilet bowl and let their combined loads drip from me and splat into the water below.

I wiped myself as best as I could with paper towels and took my t shirt back from the horny old bastard and pulled it back on. I pulled my skirt down over my hips and I pulled my drenched thong off completely and gave it to the old man as a souvenir.

‘You can certainly fuck with that big cock of yours,' I said to him as he pocketed the tiny scrap of material.

I walked back to my seat without another word to my disappointing lover and settled in across from big cock's wife once again. If she only knew that her lovely old husband had just spunked deep inside my pussy!

The old man came back to the seat with a coffee each for himself and his spouse, grinning like the Cheshire cat as he handed over the hot drink.

I sat for the remainder of the trip with the combined loads of spunk of the 2 men dribbling from my pussy and leaking out onto the fabric of the train seat.

It was a fantastic start to my trip, hot, sordid sex in a train toilet with 2 men old enough to be my grandfather! What a slut I am.