 I got off the train at Kings Cross and with my upper thighs still covered in dried spunk from my toilet encounter earlier on the trip and strode briskly down the platform and onto the busy main concourse.

I travelled down the escalator, deep into the tunnels below London to catch the tube train to my hotel. I was staying at a place close to Waterloo so I could be up bright and early and catch my Eurostar departure for Paris.

I booked into my hotel and was soon under the shower, rinsing the dirt of the rail journey from my skin and from my hair as well as using the shower head to sluice the spunk from my pussy and thighs.

I was just buttoning up the front of my light cotton summer dress when my mobile rang, it was my business partner James, he was calling to give me the times and details for the little 'party' he had booked for the evening.

The time was already 5pm and with the party due to start at 6 I only had an hour to kill before things got interesting. My tummy began to turn with excitement and my pussy stated to juice at the thought of what was to come.

James arrived at 5.30 and set up his camera equipment, he also brought along the lady who would be acting as hostess for the evening's entertainment. We always used a hostess to answer the door and to take care of any minor administrative details. 

'This is Jody,' James introduced me to the lady who was appraising me coolly.

Jody was about 40, very attractive with a pretty face and an absolutely magnificent pair of breasts. She was wearing a smart suit that emphasised her shapely figure to perfection. She wore her dirty blonde hair up and this gave her a prim, efficient, secretary look.

'I need to change,' Jody turned to James and he indicated the second bedroom. 'In there will do I think,' he said pointing.

'How many have we got?' I asked James. Meaning how many men were booked for me to suck and fuck that evening.

'15 or 20,' he replied. That meant that at £200 each we stood to take £4000 for 2 or 3 hours of me being fucked and spunked on by a couple of dozen strangers. The best part of it was I probably would have done it for free, if only they'd known!

Jody came back into the room dressed in her 'hostess' gear. She looked very sexy in her thigh high boots, stockings and black waspie. Her big tits jiggled firmly as she walked into the room. My pussy clenched with desire at the sight of her and I licked my lips as I noticed her shaven pussy as it peeked shyly from between Jody's firm thighs.

James left to go down to the nearby pub that was set as the rendezvous for the guests to meet in. He would take the money and in exchange, give the guys in question the hotel room number and shortly after James had left they began to arrive.

Jody was a total professional, she greeted all the guys with a big smile and it was amusing to note how they all looked at her big tits with obvious interest. She put the men at their ease, offering them drinks, chatting brightly and quickly had them out of their clothes.

When the first 6 were undressed, some sporting big erections, some a little shy with their cocks flaccid and limp, I stood and unbuttoned my summer dress.' Let's get the party started boys,' I said as I stepped out of my dress as it lay in a heap on the carpet.

I posed for a moment, hands on my hips and let the guys ogle and admire my lithe, tanned teenage body. I shook my blonde hair loose from the ponytail I'd worn it in and I turned around slowly so they could see my firm tits and peach shaped arse. I'd been sunbathing and the tanned skin of my torso, arms and legs contrasted wildly with the white bikini line around my firm, young tits and buttocks.

I strode over to the group as Jody answered the door again. I stopped in front a man of about 50 whose cock was stiff and ready. I knelt in front of him and took his hick cock in my hand, wanking it slowly and then I popped his big bell end into my mouth. 

'That's a lovely cock,' I slobbered as I sucked this guy's big prick gently. I licked his shaft from balls to helmet and I poked the tip of my tongue into the eye of his penis, teasing the old letcher wickedly.

As I sucked on this man the others came over to us and soon I had strong hands grabbing my tits and probing at my pussy. Very soon I had a line of 10 men stood in front of me and they all took turns at sticking their cocks into my mouth.

The cocks were all shapes and sizes, some no bigger than my finger and others 10 inches in length. The men ranged in age too, one guy was in his 20's and was very muscular and attractive, with another man who was in is 70's and who was bald and pot bellied. I didn't care, I just loved cock and I wanted each of these cocks in my mouth and cunt.

Before long more and more men appeared on the scene. I couldn't keep up with them all and I just surrendered myself to their attentions. They pushed their cocks into my mouth; they licked my juicing pussy and forced their fingers deep into me. They mauled my tits roughly and turned me over and spanked my tight buttocks.

'Look at her cute tits', one guy said as they groped me.

Once James arrived back in the room he began to film the action and even Jody was taking part by wanking men to a full erection before they entered the fray.

'Come on boys, fuck me now please.' I cried as my pussy got wetter and wetter but as yet hadn't been probed by a cock. One of the men spread my thighs wide and slid his prick into me.

'Oh yes, that's it. Stick it in me and fuck, come on I want all of you.' I moaned as the hairy bastard started to ram into me.

As this man split my labia with his prick another guy held my ankles and watched the prick invading my pussy. 'Fuck, she looks so sweet. I can't believe she's going to fuck all of us,' he said, shaking his head in disbelief. 'I'm old enough to be her grandfather,' he continued as he held my ankles high.

The guy pounding my cunt didn't last for too long and soon grunted and swore, 'Fuck, she's tight. She's so beautiful, God look at her.' Then he spurted the first load of cum of the party into me. I felt his cock throb and twitch as he filled me up and I looked right into his eyes as he came.

'Did you like that grandad?' I pouted as I looked at the old man grunting on top of me.

As soon as the man had rolled off my lithe body another guy shoved his prick into my now spunk filled cunt. I could hear the squelching as he fucked me, pushing his cock through the first guy's deposit.

He soon groaned and gushed a second helping of semen into my dripping hole. I had spunk dribbling out of my body and between the crack of my arse, staining the white bed sheets. Then the third guy pulled me to my hands ad knees and slid into me from behind. The fucking continued.

As they came inside me one after another, other men were at my face and were continually pushing their cocks at me to suck. At one point I was squatting on one old man and riding his huge cock. The old man's penis was as fat as a fire hose and very long indeed and as I took this monster deep in my belly I had one guy shooting spunk into my mouth whilst another sprayed my tits with his hot goo.

I had spunk dripping from my now tender and sore cunt; it was in my hair, coating my chin and my tits. I was being used as a cum slut by these dirty bastards and I was loving every load that was poured into or over me.

I looked at James and saw him sucking on Jody's big, heavy tits, as she looked at all the action with lust filled eyes. She was cupping one of her big breasts in her hand and feeding it to James whilst her other hand diddled down between her thighs.

James was licking and sucking on Jody's stiff, rubbery nipple, moaning a sighing as he did so.

It was still a warm evening and I was soon glistening with the sweat of my exertions and covered in drying spunk that my group of lovers had sprayed me with. 

I stood and walked on shaking legs over to Jody, I shared a spunk tongued kiss with her and then knelt so I could lick her pussy and clit. As I knelt between Jody's legs I offered my shapely rear to the men in an invitation to carry on fucking me.

As I felt another cock slide into my slippery cunt I was shocked to see the size of Jody's clit. It was as big as the top joint on my pinky finger and was just begging to be sucked.

'Oh yes baby, lick my clit. Go on make me cum with your face,' Jody whispered as she stroked my long hair.

I heard James's camera whir back into life as I sucked on the mature woman's clit and tongued her dripping pussy. Then I felt one of the guys part my buttocks to expose my tender arse hole. I'm not a great fan of anal sex but I was so horny and turned on by what had happened so far I didn't raise any objection when I felt him push his cock into me.

The man held my hips and fucked my tight arse, grunting as he did so and soon I had a load of spunk dripping from that hole as well.

Eventually I had wanked, sucked or fucked each of the guys dry and I had the combined loads of 22 men, some of who had cum twice. They dressed and left one by one and I carried on sucking the beautiful Jody's clit as they skulked away.

'Lick me baby, lick me,' Jody squirmed as I tongued her.

I felt a hand on my shoulder and James pulled me away from Jody's body. 'I have to fuck this beauty,' he growled waving his hard prick in the air. 'I'm so fucking randy. I've been watching you get it from all directions you slut and it's my turn now.' With that James pushed his own large cock into the desirable Jody. He started to slide in and out of Jody and I watched her thick labia cling to the shaft of James's cock as he pulled almost free of her body before slamming back home hard.

As the couple fucked I was kissing Jody and smearing her face with the spunk from at least a dozen cocks.

'Oh God, I'm coming,' Jody panted. 'Kiss me oh kiss me more. Oh God all that spunk. You look so nice but you're just a slut.' She wailed as her climax surged through her body. As Jody came James pulled his cock out of her pulsing snatch and delivered a final load of the day onto my smiling, goo smeared face.

I took my money from James and he left Jody and I alone in the room. Although I'd just been fucked for over 2 hours I hadn't had a satisfying orgasm yet myself and was ready to find more cocks to play with.

I'm sure between us; Jody and I could find some willing guys.