 My name is Saheb Sahebji. I am young, tall and slim. By profession I am a freelance commercial artist. The episode I am about to narrate took place when I was still working for a local advertising company. 

On my flight to London, as I sat on my seat next to the window, I saw a paragon of beauty walking down the aisle towards me. Man was she sexy. My eyes traveled from her head down to her toe pausing briefly at her tit and crotch level and then back to her head. 

She was tall, slim with a fantastic figure. She had shoulder length hair done in the latest style. Her big eyes were like two big sparkling diamonds. Her red lips sported a sexy smile. A triple pearl string enhanced the beauty of her swan like neck. She wore tight fitting blood red blouse, jeans with matching high-heeled sandals. Her clothes fitted her so snugly that they underlined every curve of her sensuous body. She was carrying a small overnight bag and a vanity case.

Just looking at her gave me a terrific hard on. The aisle seat next to me was still vacant. I prayed that this sexy creature would come and sit next to me and keep me company on this long flight. 

She came nearer and nearer looking at the row numbers and her boarding pass. Damn, she stopped one row before my row and looked around for a place to stow her bag. I got up and said, 'May I help you ma'am?' she broke into a dazzling smile, 'Yes please, thank you.' 

Her smile played havoc with my hard on. I placed her bag in the overhead storage bin. She took the window seat in the row just ahead of me. I cursed my luck on losing out on her company.

As I reconciled myself to my loss, I saw a hostess hurrying down the aisle with a distinguished looking couple in tow. 'May I see your boarding pass ma'am' she said to the beauty. 

After inspecting it she said, 'Ma'am this is not your seat. Your seat is this one' she said pointing to the vacant seat next to me. I looked up towards the sky and murmured 'Thank you Lord for small mercies'. 

She sat down next to me and leaned towards me to look out of the window. I got a whiff of her exhilarating perfume. 'Would you prefer to sit near the window? I asked. 

She looked at me with her big bright eyes and said, 'Yes, thank you.' As we changed seats our bodies brushed against each other. My hard on kicked wildly. I sat down quickly on my seat and placed a pillow on my lap to hide my bulging crotch. Dear readers it required super control on my part not to have grabbed her right there and ravish her but somehow I managed to control myself. She sat looking out of the window. 

The flight was ready to take off.

The hostess announced the departure of the flight and requested us to fasten our seat belts. The beauty looked at me buckling up and tried to fasten her seat belt. I said, 'May I' and buckled it for her. With a disarming smile she said, 'Thank you. I am so clumsy with these things'. 

As the plane took off I asked, 'Is this your first flight?' 

She laughed nervously, 'Is it so obvious?' 

'I would be lying if I said no' I said with my best smile. 

'Shit, all that practice down the drain' she said and laughed. 

When we were in the air the airhostess came around with the drinks trolley. As the airhostess approached us I asked the beauty, 'Tum kuch peena chahogi. Muft ka hai (Would you like to drink something? It is free)' I asked her. 

She laughed and asked, 'Are you going to have a drink?' 

'Me? Of course' I said. 

The airhostess asked, 'Madam would you care for a drink? 

'May I have a Campari with orange juice and some ice please' she ordered. 

When the hostess looked at me I said, 'A scotch and soda with lots of ice please'. 

I raised my glass and said, 'To your health. My name is Saheb Sahebji'. 

'Cheers. I am Rama. Is this also your first visit to London?' she asked. 

'No, I have been to London once before. Are you visiting relatives or is it a holiday trip? ' I said. 

'It was supposed to be a holiday but everything got screwed up' she said. 

Really what happened? I asked. 

'Since my marriage we did not go on a holiday, as my husband was always busy with is work. This year we planned this holiday to London and the Continent. It was supposed to be our second honeymoon. Everything was settled. We had rented a flat in London and had flight bookings but at the last moment my husband got involved in some important work and could not leave for another week. He will join me later' she explained. 

'You could have postponed your trip by a week' I said. 

'That is exactly what we wanted to do but the real estate agent in London said if we did not pay the full rent by tomorrow then our advance will be forfeited. So here I am travelling alone on my honeymoon' she said with a weary smile, 'what about you. Are you also on a holiday or is this a business trip?' 

'Well it is a little of both. I had designed a publicity campaign for a company. Their local office approved it but the final green signal has to be given by their head office in London. To save time and correspondence they have sent me here. My job is to clarify and make changes if required by them. My boss told me before I left 'Sahebji don't come back without the required approvals'. I will have lots of free time'.

'London is a great city. You will have a good time. You must know a lot of people in London? I said. 

'That is the problem I don't know anyone. Queenie my college friend shifted to England after her marriage but I don't know how to locate her. I forgot to bring her address' she replied. 

'If you know her husband's full name and the city they live in then may be we can still locate them' I told her. 

'All I remember is that her husband's name is Hari. I don't even remember his surname' she wailed. 

'Maybe your husband can tell you when you talk to him next' I said. 

We talked about many things. As we were finishing our drink I offered her a cigarette, 'Would you like to smoke?' 

'No thank you, I smoke only after s...'she suddenly stopped and blushed. Although I guessed what she was about to say I pretended that I had not heard her. We had another drink followed by dinner.

After dinner I said, 'Rama if I had been your husband I would not have been so foolish to let such a pretty and sexy lady like you travel alone in this big bad world' I said. 

With an annoyed look she said, 'Don't you dare call my Vizi foolish. No I am the foolish one to be travelling alone. I wonder how I will pass my time. I am going to get thoroughly bored but I will have to manage somehow till my husband joins me' she lamented. 

'Rama, consider me as your friend. If you need any help just tell me. I will be pleased to help in anyway' I told her. 

'You will! That would be nice thank you. I hope this is not an idle promise because I might just take you up on it' she said. 

Before we disembarked she said, 'The estate agent will receive me at the airport and take me to the flat. Here is my telephone number. Don't forget to call me'.

That day I called her in the evening. She nearly screamed at me, 'Where have you been? I have been waiting for your call since morning'. 

'Hey, calm down. What is the trouble? Are you okay? I asked. 

'Of course I am all right only I haven't eaten since morning. I am famished' she screamed. 

'Why not there are so many good eating places near your flat' I said. 

'I was too scared to go out' she said. 

'Rama there is no cause to be afraid. London is a civilized city you know' I said imitating the British accent. 

'Very funny. I know that I was scared of getting lost. Now stop being cute and get your ass here as fast as you can and buy me a sumptuous meal. I am waiting' she said and slammed the phone down.

Within ten minutes I was at her apartment. 'That was quick' she said. 

'I flew. I couldn't leave a beautiful lady like you starve. Are you ready? Let us go and get something to eat' I replied. 

'Be serious for a change. Tell me how you managed to come so fast? She asked. I laughed and told her that my hotel was just round the corner. 

We ate and then walked around doing window-shopping and enjoying the mild summer evening. As we were saying goodnight she asked, 'You will come again tomorrow? I don't want to spend the whole day alone getting bored'. 

'Sure it will be my pleasure. Tomorrow is Sunday and I am free the whole day. We can do some sightseeing if you want' I said. 

'I would love that. See you at ten in the morning. I will be ready. Good night' she said.

At ten sharp I was with her. We spent the whole day sightseeing. She was most impressed by the Crown Jewels in the London Tower and Madame Tussauds Wax Museum. When we were saying goodnight Rama said, 'Sahebji thank you, it was a lovely day. When do I see you tomorrow?' 

'Tomorrow is Monday. I have to work but I will be with you as soon as I can. I will call and tell you' I replied. 

On Monday and Tuesday I met her at about five in the evening. We went shopping. Rama was shopping as if there was no tomorrow. 'Rama, seeing you shop I get the impression that your husband is a rich man' I asked. 

She laughed, 'You may feel that my husband is foolish but one thing he is very clever at and that is making money'. 

While we were eating dinner she said, 'I have got fed up of eating restaurant food. Tomorrow I am going to cook. Why don't you join me for lunch?' 

'I would love to but it is a working day. I will call you if I can make it' I told her. 

'Try otherwise or you will have to eat it for dinner' she replied. 

On Wednesday there was not much to do in office as the management was discussing the campaign. I decided to take the afternoon off. I called Rama and told her that I will be with her at one and she should lay an extra table. 

The food was very tasty and wholesome. 'Rama thank you, the food was very tasty. You are a rare combination of beauty and a good cook' I said. 

Rama smiled and said 'Thank you'. 

After we had washed the dishes Rama said, 'Sahebji Do you have any thing in mind for the afternoon?' 

'If I tell you what I have in mind then you will not only be very angry but throw me out of your apartment' I ventured. 

She laughed, 'I would never throw you out. Yes if you are very rude then I might scold you a teeny weenie bit. Okay I am waiting'. 

At first I hesitated but then blurted it out, 'From the moment I saw you in the plane I have wanted to grab you and make wild love to you'. 

She laughed, 'Is that all? Go on who is stopping you'. 

For a moment her reply took me by surprise but then I quickly moved towards her and she glided smoothly in my arms. I pressed my lips on her half open red lips. She immediately stuck her tongue into my mouth. With one hand I squeezed her exquisite boobs and with the other I pulled her hips towards me and pressed her choot (cunt) against my hard on. She moaned loudly.

After a long passionate kiss, when we came up for air she grabbed my hard on and panted, 'Now I am going to see how big your lund (cock) really is' and started to unzip my fly. 

'What makes you think my lund is large? I asked 

She giggled, 'You can't hide a big lund from Rama. I got the measure of your large cock when our bodies brushed against each other as we changed seats on the plane. I could hardly restrain myself from giggling when you tried to conceal the big bulge under a pillow. Wow! it is much larger than I had imagined'. 

'Come and make wild love to me as you promised' she said pulling me towards the bedroom by my cock.

In the bedroom we started to undress. Rama was first to get naked and threw herself on the bed and said, 'Hurry Sahebji I want that big man root of yours in me as soon as possible'. 

I looked at her. She was looking divine. Her black hair was contrasting against the white bed sheet. Her big eyes shining with lust. A sexy smile was on her red lips. Her tits firm with light brown hard nipples pointing towards the ceiling. Her choot was devoid of hair. Her legs slightly apart, the cunt lips just letting the excited clit to peep out. I could not take my eyes off her. 

'Sahebji kiya meri choot ko nihaarte hee rahoge ki usse chodege bhi (Sahebji are you just going to stare at my cunt or you will fuck it also)' she said impatiently. 

I quickly undressed and bending her legs rammed my lund into her waiting choot. 'OOWWW lagta hai (OOWWW that hurt)' she screamed. 

I had wanted to fuck Rama since the moment I saw her. I was too hot to fuck her with long slow strokes. I rammed my cock in and out viciously. She moaned loudly. I continued to bang my lund inside her choot. She grabbed me and pulled me to her. Her hips were moving in rhythm of my strokes. Her body arched and pressed against my crotch. 

'Yes Sahebji that is good. I love to be fucked with hard strokes. Oh, oh it feels great. Y..hes bang it into me. Y..hes harder and faster. OOUUU I am nearly there. Y..hes y..hes I AAAMMM COMMMIINNNNGGGGgg' she shouted and fell back panting. 

Two strokes later with a loud 'AAAHHhh' I shot my load inside her waiting choot. 

We lay panting. I lit two cigarettes and gave one to Rama. 'Didn't you say you smoked only on this occasion'. 

She laughed, 'Yes it nearly slipped out in the plane didn't it?' 

For a minute we lay enjoying our smoke then Rama said, "How I wish Queenie was here. She always boasted about the large cock that had popped her cherry and when she sees your lund she will forget her first lover'. 

'You both seem to be very close' I remarked. 

'Yes we are very close. We are like two bodies but one Soul. I know about all her sex experiences and I have told her about mine' she said. 

'All your experiences? Have you had many affairs?' I asked. 

'Yes nearly a dozen' she said giggling. 

'That many? I don't believe it. You are much too young for that' I said. She didn't like that. She said, 'You don't believe me. I will tell you about them and you keep count. Okay?'

'I am ready when you are' I told her. 

She said, 'I grew up in a joint family. As young a girl I was very horny. I learned very early the pleasure to be experienced by rubbing my choot. I masturbated whenever I was alone. One afternoon when I was busy enjoying myself my cousin saw me. He said, 'Rama tu kya kar rahi hai? Yeh khel aisse nahin khelte. Aa main tujhe sikhata hoon (Rama what are you doing? One doesn't play this game like that. I will teach you)'. By the time he had finished explaining the rules of the game I was no longer a virgin.

I said, 'One'. 

She smiled and continued, 'Sahebji I liked what we had done. There after we fucked whenever we could. One afternoon when my cousin was screwing me our old servant Birju discovered us. My cousin and I nearly shat in our pants. We begged him not to tell anyone. My cousin even tried to bribe him with money equal to Birju's one-year's wages. 

Birju said, 'Hum paisse ka kya karenge? Chodo bitua khoob chodo hum kissi se kuch nahin kahenge (What will I do with money? Fuck children fuck .I am not going to tell anyone)'. 

We continued our love games. One afternoon my cousin told me that Birju wanted to fuck me'. 

'No way' I replied. Sahebji I don't know but somehow I abhorred the very thought of screwing a servant. 

My cousin said, 'Since weeks he has been dropping wide hints but I ignored them. Today he made himself quite clear either he gets to fuck you or he will tell on us. Rama you have to decide. Remember if he rats on us then we both will be fucked but in quite a different way'. 

I had no choice so I agreed. 

That night after dinner I told Birju, 'Main darwaza khula chord doongi tum aa jana (I will leave my door unlocked you can come)'. 

With a big grin he asked, 'Chudai hogi na? (Will we fuck?)' 

I nodded and went to my room. I switched off all the lights except my reading lamp and after changing into my nightshirt lay down in bed reading. I don't remember when I dozed off. 

Suddenly I felt cold and opened my eyes. I saw Birju pumping his erection. He had lifted my nightshirt and was staring at my naked choot. The sight of his erection frightened me and with a small cry I tried to run. Birju caught me by my hair and threw me on the bed. 

He hissed, 'Haramjadi bhagti kahan hai? (Where do think you are going bitch?)' 

He caught me by my ankles, spread my legs wide, and rammed his cock into my choot. He was like an animal. Then he started to fuck me with savage force. He withdrew only after I felt him release his seed in me three times. 

'Bitua aaj teri chudai dhang se hooyi hai. Main kal phir aaunga. Darwaza khula rakhana (Baby today you have been fucked properly. I will come again tomorrow. Leave the door unlocked)' he said and crept out of the room. 

I lay with my legs in the air. For several minutes I could not move. Slowly, slowly I put my feet down and straightened my legs. My choot was sore. I had never been fucked so viciously before. Sahebji you won't believe me but I loved it. After that day my cousin screwed me in the daytime and Birju banged his lund into me at night. 

Some months went by. My cousin flew to the States for higher studies and I joined college. A new chapter in my life started. There I met Gopal, a boy in my class. He was from out of town and lived in the hostel. He was tall and handsome. We went out together and soon started to fuck. Whenever we had a free period we went to his room and screwed. Queenie was also in our class. We were friends but not intimate. 

One day when Gopal and I were fucking the door opened. We saw Ali, Gopal's room mate and Queenie framed in the doorway. 

'Yaar kya kar rahe ho? (Friend what are you doing?)' Ali said. 

'Jo tum karne aaye ho,chudai. Dekh kya raha hai. Chudai main sharam kya, shuru ho ja (What you have come to do, fucking. What are you waiting? There is no embarrassment in fucking go on start)'. 

Ali pushed Queenie on his bed. I heard Queenie say, 'Inke saamne nahin (Not in front of them)'. 

Ali ignored her protests and shoved his cock inside her. Queenie moaned 'AAHHh' as Ali's lund entered her choot. 

Gopal laughed and said, 'Ali is inside Queenie's choot' and released his load inside me. 

We watched Queenie and Ali fucking. I wondered how it feels to be fucked by a circumcised cock. 

Gopal said, 'Queenie is very pretty. Did you see her tits, they are like melons?' 

I saw his erection and laughed, 'It seems you want to fuck her. Go ahead. I don't mind'. 

He laughed, 'that's great and Ali can keep you happy'. I nodded with a grin. 

When Ali withdrew from Queenie's choot Gopal said, 'Ali you look after Rama and I will give Queenie a taste of my laurda'. 

Queenie welcomed him with open arms. After that day we all four fucked together. Queenie and I became fast friends. 

'How did you like a circumcised lund? I asked. 

'Mmm both are just as nice' Rama giggled.

'Sahebji' she continued, 'chemistry was one subject I never understood specially organic chemistry. In the first year finals I managed to scrape through the theory paper but flunked my practical exams. I was required to clear the repeat test to be conducted in the vacations. I had better things to do during my holidays than mugging chemistry. I took the pleasurable way out. I seduced the chemistry lab assistant a Mr. Singh, a family man with a fearful moustache. After that it was plain sailing for me. 

Second year finals came. With a satisfied Mr. Singh, chemistry practicals were a breeze but I was still required to clear my theory paper. I went after the chemistry professor. The poor old dear, he had never encountered such a situation during his long teaching career. He resisted but who can resist Rama for long. In the end he succumbed. I graduated without any further hiccups. In the final year my choot was well looked after by Gopal and Ali during college hours, chemistry professor and the lab assistant after college and the redoubtable Birju at night. Immediately after my graduation I got married to Vizi. Vizi loves sex and I was happy. Now you. 
