 We had been drinking and laughing and dancing all night, taking advantage of the light airy vacation atmosphere. It was a balmy night. A touch on the cool side when we started out, but after a few cocktails and dancing, we didn't notice. In fact, it was refreshing. 

Pete took my hand and led me along the stone walkway, a devilish grin on his face and a gleam in his eye. The next thing I remember is slipping into the slightly secluded hot tub. The warm water swirled around us, and we giggled and toasted each other. We splashed around for a few minutes like a couple of little kids. Then, he grabbed me by the waist and pulled me close.

I moaned as I felt his hot lips brush softly across mine. I straddled his lap and we began to kiss. Long, slow, languishing kisses that had all night to heat up. I felt his hands run up my sides, his thumbs barely brushing the sides of my breasts. I could feel my nipples begin to tighten and stand up, aching for his touch. I ran my tongue over his lips, dipped inside to taste him, and then sucked his bottom lip before pulling him in deep for another round of teasing and tasting. 

I felt him untying my bikini top as we kissed and felt the rush of cool night air against my nipples as the top fell. My nipples were even tighter at that moment and ached to feel his tongue playing over them, his teeth nibbling on them. Thinking about this, I broke from our kiss and felt him nibble and kiss my neck. I could feel him getting hard and my pussy getting wet as I straddled him. We continued to kiss while his hands began to massage and work on my breasts, pinching my nipples, twisting them, then smoothing them out. I gasped into his mouth and felt myself begin to slowly grind against his hard dick.

I was so caught up in "us" that I didn't hear the voices until they were on top of us. I turned around just as Jake and his fling for the night jumped in the hot tub with us. 

Jake looked at Pete and winked, laughing at my surprise. He pulled me close and gave me a long, hot kiss. "Damn, no reason for you to have all the fun around here," he said to Pete.

I laughed and pushed Jake away and then settled backwards in Pete's lap. I made sure to keep his cock close to my hot pussy in the swirling water. We all began to talk and laugh as we opened another bottle and began to pass it around. I stayed planted in Pete's lap, occasionally grinding on his cock. 

I finished my drink and reached into the water, discreetly pulling the bottom of my bathing suit to the side and letting his hard, hot dick ease into my wet pussy. We continued laughing and joking as i slowly began to rock on him, burying him deep in my pussy. His hands reached around me and began to play with my breasts again, pinching my nipples harder and harder. 

It quickly became obvious that we were fucking. Jake and Andie were getting hot watching us. The mood in the hot tub quickly went from fun and frivolous to very serious and sexy. 

I closed my eyes feeling Pete's hands work my tits. Suddenly, I realized that Andie had come over and was letting her tongue play between his fingers, licking and sucking my nipples. As I watched, Jake came up behind her and began to lick her ass and pussy from behind. Pete let his fingers slowly move to her tits and I watched as he started working on them, pinching and rolling them in his hands. All the while, she continued to suck on my nipples. She would bite them hard, making me cry out, only to lick and soothe them with the next flick of her tongue. 

I was so hot watching all of this, I was ready to come right there. Pete's dick was buried deep inside me and my tits were being completely worked over by this girl I hardly knew. And on top of all that, I was watching Jake eat her out like his life depended on it. Oh my God...it was more than i could stand.

Of course, it was at this moment that Pete and Jake realized that me and this girl were really getting into this. Pete lifted me up off of his dick and slipped my bikini bottoms off as he sat me on the side of the hot tub. He moved away so he could watch. As he moved, Andie moved between my open legs and began to lick up and down the lips of my wet pussy. Pete and Jake both stood back stroking their hard dicks, and I began to massage my breasts and pinch my nipples. 

Andie slowly eased a finger into my wet pussy, her tongue moving over my clit in circles. Jake came over and began sucking my tits, working his tongue around my fingers until I let him have my nipples. I supported all my weight on my hands at my sides while i watched this couple work me over. They licked and sucked and fingered me as I moaned and shuddered at the edge of the whirlpool. 

I watched as Pete moved in behind Andie, rubbing her ass. I looked at him and winked, telling him how much I wanted to watch him fuck her. With a gleam in his eye, he slammed his dick hard into her wet pussy. I moaned even louder as he began to pound her. His thrusting sent her diving harder into my pussy. I watched while she ate my hot pussy and he took her from behind. 

I knew I wasn't going to last long. I began to feel myself shake all over. I felt my orgasm beginning deep inside of me. I closed my eyes as i began to scream, feeling my juice beginning to flow over her face. I came so hard, flying apart into a million pieces, feeling my body being wracked by wave after wave of hot pleasure. 

Hearing me cum after watching Andie eat me was more than Jake could stand. As I was coming down, I felt him pull me down into the water and turn me around. He pushed me over the edge of the hot tub, his hands tangled in my hair holding me face down. Quickly, he buried his dick deep in my pussy. I could still feel my pussy twitching and grabbing him as he began to fuck me hard and fast, already worked up and ready to burst. I heard Pete cum with a loud groan, and saw him lift Andie up to sit on the side of the tub. He began to eat her pussy, sucking on her clit. I smiled to myself as I heard her cum, and as she did, I felt Jake begin to pump me full of his hot cum.

We were all panting and out of breath as we sank into the swirling water. I felt Pete pull me close and kiss me on the forehead. I smiled as I looked around at the four of us, sated and happy, basking in the afterglow of the fun we had had. Pete reached behind us and pulled out the bottle we had left forgotten. We raised our glasses to a hot sexy night and waited for round two to ensue...