 This is another episode from my friend Ramu's evergreen love life as told to me by him. I am as usual narrating it for your enjoyment. 

What I am about to tell you took place few months after I had completed my graduation. I was now studying to become a teacher. One night at dinner my father said, 'Ramu, my friend Lal Kishen came to see me today. He is very worried about the studies of his young son Babloo. At the start of the academic year Babloo was doing fine but in the last months his grades are going from bad to worse. He wanted my advice. I told him that my son Ramu is studying to become a teacher. Why not let him talk to the boy. Maybe he can identify the problem and be of some help. I want you to go and see Lal Kishen uncle tomorrow evening at six'. 

'Oh no daddy, not tomorrow. I have already fixed up some other program. Would the day after tomorrow at the same time suit LK uncle (we used to call him LK uncle)?' 

'That should be all right. I will tell him that you will see him the day after tomorrow at the same time'. 

When I rang the bell of LK uncle's flat, a young girl of about 20-22 years of age opened the door. I started to introduce myself, 'My name is Ramu I have co......' 

'Yes, yes I know who you are. You have come to see Mr. Lal Kishen in connection with Babloo's studies', she said interrupting me and laughed merrily and added, 'See I know who you are and why you are here. I am Neha. I am Babloo's older sister. Please come in papa is waiting for you'. 

I looked at the girl more closely. She was quite pretty with a nice figure with real big tits. Her tits reminded me those of Lata's (Read 'Loves of Ramu 1 - 4' by Sahebji for full details). What struck me most was the mischievous twinkle in her eyes and a very naughty smile. I met LK uncle and told him before I could decide I would like to spend some time with Babloo to be able to really identify his problem. He said it was fine with him. 

After three days I told LK uncle, 'There is nothing wrong with Babloo. It seems that his mathematics teacher went a little too fast in the beginning of the academic year or Babloo did not pay enough attention and he got lost. With time he sank deeper and deeper. Now this is reflecting on his other subjects also. Just give me few months to strengthen his basics. Then he will be his old self again'. 

In the mornings Babloo and I had to attend our respective schools. I did not want to forgo my evenings. Therefore it was decided that I would come each afternoon around 3 p.m. for an hour or so to teach Babloo. 

Each afternoon Neha dressed in a loose housecoat, opened the door for me and after the tuition saw me out. One afternoon when Babloo was tackling some sums I sat chatting with Neha. 'I haven't seen your mother is she away?' I asked her. 

'You don't know? I lost my mother a year back' she replied with tears in her eyes. 

'I am sorry. I didn't know. What do you do?' I asked. 

'Me? I don't do anything nowadays. When mummy was alive, I was doing my masters but after her death I gave up my studies to look after Babloo and run the household' she replied. 

'That was very noble of you', I teased. 

She laughed and said, 'Wasn't it?' 

'Doesn't LK uncle plan to marry again?' I asked. 

'Yes I think he does but only after my marriage. I don't think he wants a wife for himself as much but someone will be required to look after Babloo after I am married'. 

'Congratulations! When is the big day', I inquired. 

'Nothing has been settled yet. Papa is pursuing the matter with two families'. 

'I am sure you are looking forward to married life', I said with a twinkle in my eyes. She blushed and kept quiet. 

Babloo's study table was so placed that Neha could keep an eye on it from the kitchen door. Babloo sat with his back to the kitchen door and I sat on his left. In other words if I turned my head to the right I could see inside the kitchen. For the first few days nothing out of the ordinary happened. 

On the fourth day when I turned my head to the right I saw Neha framed in the kitchen door making funny faces and doing all sorts of pantomime. Sometimes she would strike dance poses and sometimes did physical exercises. When she jumped her tits would swing wildly. It was like watching TV on a large vertical screen. I dubbed it as the Kitchen TV channel (KTV for short). 

The programs were of short duration but the 'commercial' breaks were sometimes too long. During the tuition hour Neha served me with tea and snacks. She would sit next to me with a mischievous smile staring at me while I ate. Her eyes followed every movement of mine. Occasionally she bent forward in such a manner that I got a good view of her ample cleavage. 

Whenever she displayed her cleavage she kept staring at my crotch. Naturally when I saw her big boobs I got a hard on. When she saw the big bulge in my pants she would smile broadly. Giving me a hard on amused Neha no end. At first I thought that her 'boob show' was an accident but soon realized that she was doing this on purpose just to see my reaction. 

After a week or so a big change took place in the program of KTV. Neha appeared wearing salwar kameez. At first she just stood there facing me with her chest out. Her kameez was very tight. It underlined every curve and bulge of her breasts and body. She then turned showing her profile. Next she would go out of view and appear very, very slowly. The first part of her body that appeared in the doorway were her big boobs. No other part of her body was visible. Then slowly she would appear. Then she would slowly walk to the other end of the door and then repeat the performance from the other side. 

Dear reader you can imagine what I saw. KTV channel was getting more and more interesting but it was playing havoc with my neck and cock. 

Next day I changed my position and sat opposite Babloo so that I could look straight at the kitchen door without having to turn my neck. When Neha brought tea and snacks for me she said with a naughty smile, 'Ramu why have you changed your position?' 

'This way I can oversee Babloo's work much better', I replied. 

She said, 'Are you sure that is the reason?' 

'What other reason could there be?' I asked her innocently. 

She laughed merrily and said, 'Liar. I don't believe you' and she left with a big grin. 

In the next two days programs on KTV continued. They were reruns but the difference was that they were now of longer duration and more frequent. I had no complaint. I was enjoying myself. On the third day during the show she moved her hand sensuously all over her body accompanied by a very sexy expression and silently mouthing moans of pleasure. 

Friends, this was getting a bit too much. I decided to test the waters. As I was leaving that day I suddenly grabbed Neha and kissed her on the lips and pressed her ample tits. She moaned loudly. Then regaining her composure she firmly shoved me away from her and said angrily, 'Ramu tumne mera chumma kyon liya aur mere mamme kyon dabaye? (Ramu why did you kiss me and press my boobs?)' 

'Kyon ki tu itni khoobsoorat hai aur teri chuchiyan bahut hee pyaari hain. Kaash main inhain nanga dekh sakta (Because you are so pretty and your tits are so sweet. How I wish I could see them naked). 

With anger flashing in her eyes she said, 'Aap bahut hee battameez hain (You are very rude)'. 

'Tere chuchiyon ne mujhe battameez bana diya hai (Your boobs have made me rude)' I replied. 

Now she was really angry and shouted, 'Go. You better go now' and pushed me out of the door and slammed it shut in my face. On the way home I thought that this is probably the end of KTV.

I was right. For the next three days I was received by a serious looking Neha, no KTV and the tea was served in a very unfriendly manner. On the fourth day KTV was back on the air. Neha dressed in a loose housecoat smiled at me. At first she showed her usual dance poses etc. Then she stood facing me and sexily undid the top button of her housecoat. 

This action brought us both i.e. my cock and me to immediate attention. Slowly like a stripper she continued to undo more buttons. Then suddenly catching one lapel pulled it aside for a second. I had a fleeting look of her pretty tit. She repeated this with the other tit also. Then she sexily moved her hand over her body like an accomplished strip artist with her mouth shaped as if 'OOOOing' and AAHHing' in ecstasy. 

At the end of each show she laughed silently and her tits would jump up and down. Fascinated I watched her with lust in my eyes and sat oozing pre-cum. After seeing that day's show I got the impression that she was absolutely naked under her housecoat. 

As she was seeing me off she laughed and said, ' Mamme dekh liye? (You saw my tits?)'. On the way home I thought over the situation and came to the conclusion that Neha does want me to fuck her. To be prepared for all eventualities I purchased few packets of condoms.

Next morning instead of going to my classes I reached Neha's flat and rang the bell. She was surprised to see me and said, 'Ramu what are you doing here at this hour? Babloo is still in school'. I walked in and looked around to see if anyone else was there. 

'Ramu I told you that Babloo is in school. There is no one here other than me'. 

'I have not come to see Babloo. I have come to see you' I said. 

'Me?' she asked surprised. 

Pushing her into the bedroom I said, 'Yes you and your pretty boobs sweetheart'. 

'No Ramu please don't touch me' she protested. 

By now I had pushed her on to the bed and was kissing her and pressing her big tits. She moaned loudly. I undid her housecoat buttons and laid her boobs naked to my gaze. 

'Ramu what are you doing? Please let me go. I was only teasing you', she begged. 

'Don't worry darling I am going to kiss your big tits. I am not going to tease you. You are about to feel the real thing', I told her and started to kiss and suck her brown nipples. 

She moaned louder and said, 'Oh Ramuuu'. While sucking her nipples I undid the remaining buttons and ran my hand down her body. My hand came in contact with her lower growth. I was right she was naked under her housecoat. She lay with her eyes closed moaning and groaning with pleasure. I ran my fingers between her cunt lips. With the sensation my fingers were creating her hips started to move up and down in fuck motion. 

I shifted my attention to her hairy choot. I sucked and kissed her clit. 

'Oh Ramu it is lovely. I have never felt such pleasure before', she moaned. I kept sucking her clit till she came two times amid loud 'OHHH's and AAHH's. Her legs which were initially pressed together were now wide open. I released her and quickly undressed. She opened her eyes to see why I had stopped. 

She saw me standing naked with a hard on. 'Ramu tum nange kyon hogaye ho? (Ramu why have you undressed?)' 

'Neha main ab tujhe chodunga (Neha I am going to fuck you now)'. 

'Nahin! Ramu nahin. Please mujhe mat chodna. Mujhe bahut dar lagta hai (No! Ramu no. Please don't fuck me. I am very scared)' she pleaded and pressed her thighs together again. 

I showed her the condoms and said, 'Darling I will make sure that nothing happens' and lay on top of her. She kept her thighs together. I rubbed my erect lund between the lips of her wet choot. 

She moaned with pleasure. 'Jaan apni tangain chawrdi kar ke mere laudre ke liye jageh bana de (Darling please open you legs and make place for my cock)'. 

She moaned, 'No. Ramu please don't. Oh don't' but slowly her thighs separated.

I placed my lund on the entrance of her heavenly fuck hole and gently pushed forward. To my surprise my lund slid smoothly inside her choot, amid soft 'Oh's and Ah's' from her, without encountering the sentinel of her virginity. Her cunt was quite tight and my progress slow. After a couple of short in and out strokes I was fully inside her fuck sheath. I was disappointed that dear Neha was not as innocent as she pretended to be. She had definitely fucked some one before. 

This was not important at that moment. The important thing was that I was inside her choot. I started to fuck her with long slow strokes. I kept varying the length and speed of my strokes constantly. With each stroke of my lund, Neha's moans kept getting louder and louder. Her hips started to move up and down in rhythm of my strokes. 

Suddenly she raised her hips pressing them against me. 'Oh Ramu bahut acchha lag raha hai. Mujhe aur tezi se chodo (Oh Ramu it feels so nice. Please fuck me faster and harder). Y..hes that is the way. Y..hes yet faster. God I am about to come. Y..hes faster and harder. Ramuuuuu I am COMMMIIINNNNG' she shouted and fell back panting on the bed. After a few more strokes I also poured my elixir inside her choot. For a few minutes we lay kissing each other and enjoying the sensations we had just experienced. 


As we lay resting Neha said, 'Ramu I had heard that fucking is very enjoyable but I had never dreamt that it would be soooo fantastically great'. I was surprised at this comment. 

'Neha you are talking as if this was your first time and you have not been fucked before' I asked. 

She said angrily, 'Of course it is my first time. Why? Do you have any doubt? 

'Well the fact is that when I entered your choot I did not encounter your hymen, which one usually finds in a virgin choot' I told her. 

'What hymen? Oh that? That is easily explained. One night when I was eighteen I was feeling very hot and horny. I took a cucumber and tried to put it inside my choot. It went in a little and stopped. I gave it a mighty push. It went in all right but I nearly died of pain. I quickly took it out. My choot was bleeding. The cucumber was also covered with blood. I was scared that I had harmed myself. I never tried it again' she explained. 

I thought this could easily explain the absence of the hymen. Before I could say something she said with tears in her eyes, 'Ramu I give you my solemn word of honour that you are the only man who has ever kissed me or touched me. Ramu you do believe me don't you? 

'Of course darling I believe you' I said and kissed her. 

'Neha why all the antics on KTV' I asked. 

'KTV? What is that?' she asked. I laughed and explained it to her. 

'Oh I see. Good thinking. Well in the beginning I did it just to tease you. Then that day when you kissed me and pressed my tits saying you wanted to see them naked, I thought things over and decided it would be nice to make love to you. Then I tried to seduce you by taking the initiative. If you had not come today then I would have given you broader hints or maybe just said, 'Ramu tum mujhe kab chodoge? (Ramu when will you fuck me?), she replied. 

'When you had already decided to fuck me then why all this 'no, no business' and other protests. 

'Why not? I am a girl. I have the right to say no and play hard to get' she said haughtily and then laughed and added, ' I just made sure not to protest too vehemently. I did not want you to back off. What do you think of me as an actress?' 

'I think you should get the 'Oscar', I told her and taking her in my arms kissed her. 

'Ramu enough of talking. Did you come here to talk or to fuck me? Now fuck me' she commanded. We then fucked till it was time for Babloo to come home. For the next two months or so I visited her at least twice a week. During this time Neha learnt to suck my cock and loved to swallow my-cum.

One morning as I entered her flat I saw that Neha was not her usual cheerful self. I asked her, 'Neha why so glum today?' 

'Papa has fixed my wedding. I am to marry in four weeks time'. 

'Congratulations! This is the time for you to be happy and not sad', I told her. 

She said, 'Thanks. Main soch rahi thi ab hum kya karenge? (Thanks. I was thinking what are we going to do now?)'. 

'Hum kya karenge? Wohi karenge jo hum karte aaye hain. Main tujhe teri shaadi tak chodeta rahunga aur usske baad tujhe tera mian tujhe chodega. Rahi shaadi ke baad meri baat tau main chodene ke liye koyi aur choot dhoond lunga (What are we going to do? The same what we were doing till now. I will keep fucking you till you get married and thereafter your husband will fuck you. Regarding me, after your wedding I will look for another cunt to fuck)' I told her with a smile. 

'Ramu you are incorrigible. Suppose I don't let you fuck me any more', she countered. 

'Yes that would pose a problem. I have an idea. Till such time I find another choot to fuck I could bugger your brother Babloo. What do you say?' I suggested. 

'You are not going to do any thing of that sort. I love my brother too much. I think it would be better if you continue to fuck me', she said laughing. 

'That is exactly what I had in mind' I told her and carried her to the bed. 

After we had fucked once I said, 'Neha, talking about fucking your brother's ass hole reminds me. Get ready, today I am going to pop your ass hole cherry'. 

'No. Ramu, please don't. Let me at least take one cherry to my husband's bed' she said. 

'Well if that is what you want then so be it' I told her. I kept fucking her till the day of her wedding. 

Within three weeks of Neha's wedding LK uncle brought home Parvati, a childless widow as his bride. When I saw her for the first time I introduced myself, 'Aunty my name is Ramu and I am Babloo's tutor'. 

'Yes I know. Come in. Babloo is waiting for you. Please don't call me aunty. There is not much of a difference in our ages. Call me Parvati or Paro as you like. I would prefer Paro as every one calls me by that name' she replied. Paro was about thirty years old. She was much prettier than Neha. She was tall, slim with a beautiful figure and her boobs were the right size for her lithe body. She looked radiantly happy. She kept humming popular tunes while going about her work. After six weeks or so I saw a change in her. She no longer hummed and looked quite dejected. She had also become irritable and got angry with Babloo for no rhyme or reason. Frankly I thought 'stepmother and all' and did not give too much thought to this sudden change. 

One afternoon when I arrived I found Babloo was not there. 'Where is Babloo? I asked. 

'He has gone out', she replied calmly. 

'Why? Babloo knew that I was coming today' I asked getting slightly annoyed. 

'That is the reason I sent him on an errand' she said and grabbed my cock. 'Ramu main chahati hoon ki tum mujhe chodo (Ramu I want you to fuck me)' she said. 

I was taken aback and stuttered, 'B.. b.. but what about LK uncle?' 

'Your uncle is very nice but getting old. In the beginning he fucked me quite often but now he can manage an erection only once in couple of weeks or so. I am young. My choot requires much more fucking than once in a fortnight. When I became a widow I gave up thought of fucking but since my marriage I have tasted the pleasures of fucking again. Kya karoon choot maange more (What shall I do my cunt wants more). I have chosen you to fulfill my desire', she said. 

While she was speaking she dropped my trousers and took hold of my hard erection. Getting down on her knees she started to suck my lund. She was good. I started to moan loudly with the intense sensation her practiced mouth was producing. While sucking my cock she disentangled the trousers from my feet and pushed me towards the bed. 

As I lay on the bed she stopped sucking me. 'Paro bahut achcha lag raha tha. Rook kyon gayin. Aur chooso (Paro it felt very nice. Why have you stopped? Please do continue)' I begged. 

'I promise that I will suck your big balls dry some other day and give you pleasure in more ways than one. Today I want to take all the juice your balls have to offer in my choot' she said and raising her sari sat down on my erect cock. 

As soon as my cock entered her dripping choot she said, 'AAAHHHhhh Ramu it feels so good to have a really hard cock inside me again' and started to ride me at a gallop. In no time she came with a loud sigh of satisfaction and fell panting on my chest. She came so copiously that her cum ran down my balls on to the bed sheet. 
