 All characters are at least eighteen years of age.



It was one of those late April days that act like a dress rehearsal for summer. The unusually high temperatures drove throngs of people to the southern California beach. Whole families looked like modern nomads, lugging coolers, easy up tents, and all implements required for beach fun, setting up camp along the miles of hot sand, Julian called home.

It was days like this that made him truly appreciate where he lived. He didn't have to fight the traffic to battle for parking on the beach. All he had to do was jump on his beach cruiser for a leisurely pedal; shortly he was in nirvana.

Julian loved riding his cruiser. Nothing else relaxed him quite like a nice ride on the beach trail. He loved seeing all the different kinds of people that the beach attracted. He especially loved watching all the women it attracted, the young girls in tight bodies parading around in skimpy bikinis, the trophy wives and milfs showing off their new breasts; he loved the beach.

Now that he was single again, he tried to be at the beach as much as possible. The first few months after his divorce were tough. After being married for twelve years it was difficult to adjust to life on his own. 

Thanks to California's liberal divorce laws he was now pretty broke. On the bright side he was thirty seven, had no kids, and was free to do whatever he pleased.

He was never actually out of shape, but his love for beer had left him with a belly that embarrassed him whenever he passed a mirror. Since the divorce he had immersed himself back into running and playing beach volleyball.

It was an easy way to lose twenty five pounds quickly, and Julian felt great. He noticed that he was getting longer looks from lots of women, as he dove around the sand digging and spiking balls. It reminded him a bit of college, when his whole life revolved around the volleyball team, drinking, and girls.

He married right out of college and bounced around a wide variety of jobs while pursuing his real passion, coaching volleyball. His ex-wife would constantly nag him to become a teacher, so he could coach and teach in the same place, but Julian only cared about volleyball. Teaching did not seem like a great profession to him. 

Instead he would work various service jobs to leave his days open to surfing, playing volleyball, or whatever outdoor activity he was into at the time.

Right now his activity was sitting in a beach chair watching the waves crash in on white sand. His muscles had that pleasant ache he loved after playing beach volleyball for hours. His picturesque day dream was broken by a familiar voice.

"Coach Lewis?"

Julian looked up and saw two of his former club volleyball players staring down at him. His eyes dropped from their faces and evaluated their incredibly toned bodies. Emily was a tall thin beauty. She had played middle blocker on his 16 and under team. Her light brown hair had grown down to her waist, and her chest had sprouted two perky little breasts that she now had tightly wrapped in a bright yellow bikini top. Her stomach was a firm six pack that he immediately wanted to lick. She flashed him a braces filled smile on her cute freckled face.

"She still has that baby face. Shit she must be 19 by now." He thought, "Hey Emily, how are you doing?" He flashed a smile, as he tried to recognize her friend. He knew he had coached her, but couldn't place exactly who she was until she self-consciously slouched while crossing her hands in front of herself.

"Stacy?" He questioned out loud. "Wow, I barely recognized you."

She blushed and looked down at the sand by her feet. She was shorter than her friend and had a much more womanly figure. Stacy was the tomboy of the team. Julian remembered the other girls making fun of the shy dark haired girl who wasn't quite able to control her body.

The woman that stood before him bore very little resemblance to that girl. Her dark, wavy hair had grown long. Her breasts had swollen into two beautiful examples of womanhood. Her stomach was flat, but lacked the muscular definition of her friend. Her hips flared out seductively, and Julian's mind immediately went to a dirty, happy place.

"What are you doing here coach?"

"Just playing some volleyball and relaxing. How about you two? You guys still playing volleyball?"

"I am but Stacy quit. She is more interested in boys and partying." Stacy elbowed Emily jokingly. Julian was devouring the gorgeous image of these two young bikini clad girls.

" I actually have a volleyball scholarship to Humboldt State.

"She is only going to Humboldt because it's a stoner school."

"Shut up, at least I didn't drop out of volleyball to become a full time stoner."

The girls started to giggle. Then Stacy tilted her head slightly and gave Emily a knowing glance. Emily shrugged her shoulders in response.

"Don't you live around here coach." Stacy asked.

"Yeah, just down the street. Why?"

"We were going to smoke a joint, but didn't want to do it on the beach. Can we come over?"

Julian thought for a second. These two gorgeous young girls were inviting themselves to his house. His brain told him it was a bad idea, but his cock told him it was a fantastic one. His cock informed his brain that both girls were at least eighteen, and he was no longer their coach so there was no conflict of interest there. What was the worst thing that could happen opposed to what was the best thing?

"Sure. Where are you guys parked?"

After a quick exchange of directions, Julian grabbed his bike and rode home. His mind was reeling during the short ride home. What was he doing inviting two eighteen year old temptresses over to his house to smoke pot? Did he think that he was going to have sex with one or both of the girls? Or was he trying to convince himself he was just going to catch up. Either way, hanging out with some lovely ladies seemed a lot more promising than hanging out by himself.

He got home and quickly tidied up a bit before he heard the doorbell ring. He lived on the top floor of a modest condominium complex. All of the units surrounded a central pool, and Julian was sweeping the deck when he saw the girls walk up. The both had thrown on a pair of short jean shorts, but Emily's was the high waist variety that was suddenly in fashion again. He couldn't understand that style. Even Emily with her gorgeous long legs and thin waist looked a bit awkward it them. Emily also had on a very tight sleeveless t-shirt that accentuated her perky little breasts.

Stacy had on a loose fitting Tie-dyed t-shirt that did very little to conceal her large breasts. He went to the front door and let them in. They immediately showed themselves around his small condo, gawking at all the pictures on display. Emily found his bookshelf and started to snoop on his reading preferences reading the titles out loud. 

"Female Erotic Fiction, Urban Tantra, quite a purvey collection coach." She commented with a giggle.

"Don't judge me," Julian reacted defensively.

After careful inspection of his entire condo, the girls plopped themselves on his big leather couch. Stacy procured a rather large joint from her pocket and placed it in her mouth.

"What do you guys want to drink?" Julian called from the kitchen.

"Margaritas please." They called back in unison.

He didn't even hesitate preparing drinks for these two under aged girls. He thought,"If they can smoke pot, they can drink."

He made up a pitcher of margaritas, adding a little extra tequila floater on top.

He set three large glasses and the pitcher on the table in front of his former students, before he plopped down on the loveseat next to the couch. As soon as he sat down Stacy sparked the joint and after several well orchestrated tokes, got it burning uniformly before handing it to Emily.

"Not your first time I take it."

The girls began to giggle nearly uncontrollably.

"Coach I don't think I was ever sober at practice." She answered.

Emily looked odd holding the joint. Her facial features looked so innocent and pure, yet she obviously was right at home toking away at the comically large joint. 

Julian poured everyone a large sampling of the stiff margarita, and held up his glass for a cheers.

The girls raised their glasses to his.

"To some wonderful refreshments on this beautiful day, in the company of a couple of gorgeous ladies."

The girls giggled as they toasted, and their drug fueled day of debauchery had begun.

The pot hit Julian harder than he had expected, but he compensated by drinking more of the margarita. He used to be able to smoke all day long and still function, but he hadn't smoked pot in months. He only fell back into his stoner habit when he was hanging out with some of his old college buddies. 

Most of the conversation was directed by the girls reminiscing about their club volleyball days and filling their former coach in on their lives and future plans. After they dove into the second pitcher the conversation turned to Julian's personal life. Why did he get a divorce? Was he dating anybody, how often did he date, and other probing questions.

"You know the whole team was hot for you." Stacy finally blurted out.

"When you would hit balls at us, your shirt would ride up showing off your abs. That's why we had so much trouble with that drill. We were all too distracted." Emily added as the girls broke into a cacophony of cat calls.

Stacy lit another joint. This one was a bit smaller, thank goodness.

"Let's play a game." Emily suggested as she exhaled a dragon like cloud of smoke.

"Yeah!" agreed Stacy.

"Let's play Truth or Dare."

A game of truth or dare with two gorgeous young girls? Julian was not about to pass up this wonderful opportunity.

"Let's do it."

All parties were in agreement.

"Ok," Emily began. " Coach, truth or dare?"

"Truth." Julian wasn't sure where this game would take them, but he was anxious to find out.

Emily was searching Julian for a question. "How often do you smoke pot?"

"That's an easy one. Maybe a handful of times a year.Usually only with a couple of my old college buddies."

"Ok, I guess I go next." Julian plotted his next move. "Stacy, Truth or Dare?"

"Truth."

"Do you have a boyfriend?" He gave her an easy one.

"No." She answered as both girls broke out into giggles.

Stacy looked hazily at her friend and said, "Ok Emily. Your turn."

"Truth." Emily chose and then took a big swig of her drink.

"How often do you masturbate?" 

"What?! Come on." She playfully struck her friend on the shoulder while covering her mouth with embarrassment with the other.

"You wanted to play Emily." Julian chimed in.

"Fine.Never." She started to giggle uncontrollably.

"Liar."

"No cheating Emily."

"Fine. I don't know." Her long brown hair fell over her eyes as she fidgeted. She brushed it away, and suddenly she had a very serious face. "I would say I masturbate on average, about three or four times a week."

"Wow, horn dawg." Stacy teased her. "Four times, no wonder you are always checking out guys. You are always horny." 

"Shut up, I am sure you masturbate all the time too."

"Not four or five times a week you pervert."

"Fine Jerk."

"Ok coach. Your turn, truth or dare?"

"I will try another truth."

"Ok coach. How often do you play with your cock?"

Both girls started laughing uncontrollably.

"Now that I am divorced, at least once a day."

The girls gasped at the revelation. Julian tried to rapidly change the subject.

"Ok Stacy, truth or dare?"

"Every day. I hope we are not cutting into your masturbation time." She laughed as she leaned forward giving Julian a generous view of her large breasts hanging free in her large t-shirt.

"Keep teasing me with those breasts and its going to be way more than once a day for the next week or so." The girls looked at each other after that comment and got awkwardly quiet.

"Dare." Stacy took a big swig finishing off her drink. "And then you have to make us another round of margaritas."

"Dare, now we are talking." Julian thought to himself. How was he going to utilize this opportunity. He wanted to start steering these hot girls to something fun, but he didn't want to rush anything. He decided to keep it playful, while throwing some more sexual tension in the room.

"I dare you to flash your breasts."

As soon as the words left his lips, Stacy ripped her large shirt up exposing her gorgeous rack. Her breasts were huge C-cups that bore the tan lines of a skimpy bikini. Her skin was so naturally dark, even the tiny triangles were a beautiful light brown. She had tiny areolas and her nipples looked small in their unaroused state. Before Julian could drink in the sight any more, her shirt came down.

"You slut. You love showing off your tits."

"You're just jealous."

"I know. I wish I had your beautiful breasts."

"Yours are fun too." Stacy exclaimed as she reached over and grabbed her friend's tiny little breasts.

"Stop, you are so bad." Emily slapped her friend's hands away as she continued to laugh.

"OK, I guess another round is in order. I need a drink after that show." Julian rose to get a round a drinks.

"Coach, aren't Emily's breasts the cutest." Stacy called out as she squeezed her friend's perky spheres. 

"I don't know, we need to keep playing so that I can find out."

"Good idea. Truth or dare Emily."

"Truth."

"Truth? You are such a wimp. Ok, How many times have you masturbated while thinking of coach?"

"What! You bitch Stacy." Emily began to slap her friend playfully while Julian's ears perked up.

"Hey, you picked truth, not me."

"Fine." There was a long pause while Julian grabbed a bunch of beers and threw them into a bucket for the girls.

"I don't know, more than ten times, ok! You are such a jerk Stacy." Julian's cock twitched with the revelation.

"Your turn coach.Truth or Dare?"

"Ok, I will go truth."

"Have you ever masturbated while thinking of one of your volleyball players?"

"Yes."

"Pervert."

"Wow you answered so fast, who was it?"

"I am done with my turn." Julian said defiantly. "Stacy, Truth or Dare?"

"Dare." She grabbed a beer, popped of the cap and took a few hungry gulps.

"Damn girl you do love the dares." Emily was obviously starting to get drunk.

"Ok, I dare you to pull down your shorts and get spanked for being such a tease." Julian dared.

"Easy." Stacy popped up off of the couch, unbuttoned her shorts, turned and dropped them as she bent over. She still had her bikini bottoms on, but they were riding up her ass, so most of her firm round butt was exposed.

"What a cute ass. This is for grabbing my titties. Emily jumped up and slapped her friend's ass playfully. Her hand hit with a loud slap followed by a yelp from Stacy.

"Bitch!" Stacy exclaimed a bit bewildered in her pot and booze induced state.

"You love it you little slut." Emily kept smacking her friend's ass until Stacy fell over and the two became a massive tangle of laughing limbs. Julian just sat back and enjoyed the show. 

Eventually the two gathered themselves and Stacy propped herself on her knees and rubbed her ass which was turning a dull red under her tanned skin. She rubbed her gorgeous ass and winced. "Your turn Bitch, Truth or Dare?"

"I am definitely not trusting you with a dare now that you are so mad, so Truth."

"You are such a wimp. Fine, how many guys have you had sex with?"

"You jerk you know the answer to that."

"But coach doesn't. That's what you get for spanking me you bitch."

"Well, I am not a slut like you, just one and you know that. And just once, and it sucked!"

Stacy turned to Julian with a suddenly serious face. "The guy Emily gave up her virginity to came before he even could get his cock all the way in her. Then he kept apologizing."

"Stop it Stacy." Emily hit her friend softly with the back of her hand. She was obviously embarrassed and her now red cheeks showed as much.

"Then he tried eating her out to give him time to get hard again, but it just tickled her so much that he got embarrassed and couldn't get his little cock hard again." 

"You are such a bitch." Emily yelled through the hands covering her face with embarrassment.

Julian felt bad for Emily so he spoke up. "Ok, back to my turn, and I will take the heat off of Emily. Dare."

"Ohhhhh." The girls cooed in unison. 

"I dare you to take your shirt off."

"Done." Julian happily stripped out of his shirt exposing his shaved chest and rippled stomach.

"Mmmm, not bad for an old guy." Stacy chimed it.

Emily added, "Not bad for anyone. Damn coach. You are in even better shape now than when you coached us; and you were in good shape then."

"Well I have lots of spare time now." Having the girls practical drool over his chest made him feel amazing. And it was starting to show. 

"My turn, and I chose dare." Stacy chimed in trying to get the attention back on her.

"Of course you would." Emily slapped her friend on the leg playfully.

"OK, I dare you to take off your shorts."

"What!" Stacy tried to act shocked although she was secretly pleased and moist.

"Come on, we already saw that you had your bathing suit bottoms still on." Julian coxed.

"Yeah, show off that booty of yours."

"Fine." Stacy stood up and unbuttoned her shorts. She looked at Julian seductively as she opened them up and slowly unzipped them.

"You tease." Emily commented.

She had to wiggle out of her shorts because they were so tight. The whole time Julian enjoyed watching her full breasts shake erotically. Emily noticed her old coach staring at her friend and she began to feel a bit jealous. 

It was her idea to approach their coach on the beach in the first place. She had to convince Stacy that they should go over and talk to him. Stacy knew she had a crush on her former coach and now she was practically doing a strip tease for him.

Stacy had to sit as she pulled her shorts entirely off. It was more of a plop on the couch than a sit. The alcohol was definitely kicking in. 

Julian eyes dropped to her crotch as she pulled off the shorts and he noticed that her bikini bottoms had been sucked into the cleft between her legs. He could just make out the lips of her vagina and the smooth white skin of her shaved pussy peaked out from the sides of the bathing suit. His cock instantly grew hard at the sight.

Once her shorts were off, Stacy stood and nonchalantly pulled the pink bikini bottoms out from her pussy. She gave a quick little dance in which she shook her round little ass as much as she could. She certainly had all of her curves in the right places.

"Now we are playing. Your turn Emily."

"Dare." Emily answered with a little venom in her voice.

"Oh, finally you decided to have some fun. I dare you to go kiss Coach's chest, and suck on his nipples."

"Fun." Emily sprang up onto her long thin legs and bounded over to Julian. She put her arms on both sides of him and looked him in the eye trying to be as serious and seductive as possible. Her freckled baby face complete with braces did not help with her attempt to be seductive, but there was something in her beauty that really hit Julian deep.

"I have been waiting a long time for this." She purred as she leaned forward and began kissing his chest.

"'Suck his nipples baby!" Stacy called as she whistled and cat called. Emily immediately sucked a salty nipple in her mouth and felt it harden. She had never done anything like this, let alone in front of her friend. It was turning her on more than she could have imagined.

She took his other nipple in her mouth and began to wonder how far they were going to take this game, this afternoon. Would she get naked in front of her old coach? Would she see him naked? Would they fool around? The weed and the alcohol were egging her on to have a good time despite any consequences. Suddenly Emily's thoughts were interrupted by a firm slap on her backside.
