 All characters in this story are fictional, just a fun fantasy my husband and I have. We want to again thank our amazing editor, SexyGeek, who really helped us refine / fine tune our story, especially the dialog. We really appreciate feedback as it is fun and rewarding for us to read your comments. Thank you and enjoy! CANDA

*****

My husband and I have an amazing sex life. We have been together for over ten years and I can honestly say that no other person has been more in tune with my body. Sometimes I think he knows my body better than I do. We have often talked about threesomes and foursomes and have even gone as far as to talk about the rules and limits we would like if it were to happen. We had several friends who were often the center of these fantasies, and just seeing them could flash our minds to the idea of sex with them. Simply put, it has been an amazing fantasy that we both have shared. In the back of my mind I never really thought it would happen, but let me tell you, dreams do sometimes come true.

The day started out like any other. My husband Carlos and I had errands to run and our youngest had a soccer game. The kids were going to be at friend's homes for sleep overs that night, so my Honey and I were looking forward to an evening of kinky sex.

I had just gotten out of the shower later that night when I heard Carlos talking to one of our favorite neighbors, Amy. Amy is down to earth, funny and sweet. Amy also has the same wicked sense of humor that Carlos and I shared so we always welcome her visits. She is one of the people we sometimes talk about in our threesome fantasies. I put on some sexy lingerie (for later) under my robe and went to join the conversation. Amy was dressed to kill in a red one piece tan mini skirt outfit that really showed off her figure, so I was surprised she had stopped by. I quickly found out that Amy's plans had been cancelled for the evening so she was bummed and had started drinking a little early. She and I both share a love of wine so I didn't need much convincing to open another bottle. As I did, the thought drifted across my mind that tonight be a night for fulfilling our fantasy. Amy, Carlos and I were all having a great time chatting when another neighbor, Nina, knocked on the door. She had been on a walk and saw us all in the window so she decided to stop by for a visit. 

Nina was another of the people we had fantasized about, so now the thought of a foursome flashed across my mind. I knew it was just a fantasy, but as the four of us sat there I could feel my pussy getting wet just thinking about it. We three girls were giving Carlos a bad time, poking fun at him, flirting and trying to embarrass him. I know Amy had accidentally (at least I think it was accidentally) flashed him at least once. Now and then Nina would lean over and put a hand on his thigh. Anyway, we were just having fun. Who knows how the conversation got to sex toys, it was one of those nights, but it did. Both Amy and Nina bragged about their collections. 

Carlos chuckled and said "Well we have quite a toy chest too. We get a lot of fun out of our toys."

Nina and Amy giggled. Nina gave me a glance, and then said, "Aren't you going to show it off to us? We all like to have fun."

It all seemed very fun and innocent at the time, but I was thinking more than ever about those fantasies. Little did I know that it was going to turn into a night we all would never forget. 

My husband and I love to play with toys, so we have a bunch of them. There is something so sexy in being in a relationship where it is a welcomed treat for both of us to play around and experiment with toys. Carlos and I laid them all out in groups. 

"First, we have our selection of vaginal toys," I told them. "There is the purple rabbit, one of my favorites, a large black dildo that is guaranteed to fill you up, a glass dildo that can be used anally as well, a small but powerful egg stimulator, a C shaped vibrator that will tickle your clit and G spot at the same time while you are fucked, truly unique, and last but not least, the double headed dildo."

"Oh my," Amy exclaimed, "I didn't expect all of this!"

"I think I want to know what else you have," was Nina's response.

"Continuing on," I stated, "we have the men's toys. First is your standard fake pussy sleeve with vibrating eggs."

"I like it a lot, but it is a pain in the ass to clean up" Carlos commented.

I continued on "Then you have the prostate stimulator anal plug, which I use more than him, and finally, a cock ring that has never done much for either of us."

"No comment? Ok, then, we now come to the end of our selection, pun intended, anal toys. We will start off revisiting the double headed vibrator mentioned earlier, it is guaranteed to make you cum HARD. Then we have your standard butt plug, you larger butt plug, your vibrating butt plug, and the ribbed anal dildo"

"Damn!," Nina exclaimed, "I can't believe you are so comfortable showing us all this. I guess I could show you my toys now, not that my collection compares to yours, but I never could have gone first."

Carlos had laid them all out on the bed, anal toys at the head of the bed, men's toys in the middle, and the vaginal / clit toys were laid out across the foot. Amy and Nina were obviously impressed and were clearly interested in the collection, but it appeared to be different sections.

Then out of nowhere, Amy asked "Can I try one out?" 

Nina and I giggled, Carlos was silent, and Amy just looked at us with a questioning expression on her face. Then she followed it up with "I could try it out in the other room. Or maybe ..."

"Maybe?" Carlos asked. "Maybe what?"

"Nooo ... nooo ... I couldn't," she replied.

"Maybe try it out right here?" Carlos grinned.

I looked over at Carlos and noticed immediately that he was rock hard and looking at me to take the lead. Smart man! He was surrounded by three beautiful women that were attractive, slightly drunk, horny, and not afraid of what could possibly happen. So I said "Amy you do whatever you are comfortable with." Amy still appeared unconformable, so I walked over to her and put my arm around her shoulder. "Amy, you can take it home and try it, try it in the other room, try it here, or not try it at all. It is completely up to you" My only goal was to ease her tension and let her know she wasn't being pressured into anything. 

Then Carlos stated "Sorry if I pressured you Amy, it was just so hot thinking about watching you playing with one of the toys. We can go back downstairs and grab another drink if you want and forget the whole thing."

Next Nina spoke up "I am eying that anal plug over there on the end, no pun intended." We all got a good laugh from that. 

Nina was a very beautiful and classy woman, but she had an appetite for sex. She craved sex all the time and wasn't shy talking about it. I didn't take her for the anal plug kind, but it was a pleasant and not too big surprise. 

"You do what you want Amy, but I am going to give one of these a try no matter what. I am just not sure where yet..."

While Nina looked over the butt plugs, Amy grabbed one of my favorite rabbit vibrators with a nice thick head that rotated around and a powerful clit stimulator. It has always sent me over the edge pretty quick. 

"I have always wanted to try one of these," she said. "You really think it would be sexy to see me try this Carlos?" While she said that she walked to the door, turned it on, and pressed it against her mini skirt, smiling slyly. 

"Damn Amy, that is so hot! No matter what, I know I will be fantasizing about this tonight" was Carlos's response. Then he looked over at me, but I was keeping a straight face. It wasn't easy, but I was determined not to show how hot this was.

Then Nina quipped in with "I agree, that is so hot! You look amazing and the thought of watching you has me wet as hell!" 

With that comment Amy slowly slid her mini skirt up over her hips, revealing she had gone commando and was sporting a completely shaved pussy. Next she walked back towards us, laid down on the floor, spread her legs apart, and asked "can I have some lube?"

Carlos was memorized and appeared unable to move, so I handed her a bottle of our favorite water based lube. 

"Thank you" Amy stated as she spread some on the vibrator and slowly slid it in her pussy while staring me in the eyes while she slowly started fucking herself. 

"Damn, this feels amazing! Why haven't I tried one of these before?"

I stood there soaking up the view for a moment, watching her slide my vibrator in and out of her pussy, until I felt drawn to her. I slowly walked over to Amy and asked, "Do you need any help?" 

She grinned up at me and, let out a moan and then said, "Please!"

We both broke out into a big grin, and I knew this was going to be fun! I had never touched another woman before, so I really was shocked by how turned on I was by playing with Amy. I fucked her slowly with the (my) vibrator, just getting the feel of using one on someone else. I would go fast for a moment and then slow down for a bit, just to see the reaction I got from her. After a couple of minutes of watching her pussy get wetter and wetter, I sucked on my finger for a second to get it wet and then started to rub her cute butthole at the same time. 

"Oh SHIT", Amy exclaimed, "Please don't stop, play with my ass! Stick it in, OHHHH! FUCK, FUCK, FUCK!! That feels so amazing!"

"Oh, you like that?" I asked. "Feels pretty damn good, doesn't it?" God, it was such a rush seeing her start to climax! She let out a long low moan and then started spasming before her body locked rigid with a super strong orgasm. 

Amy and I were in our own world. She was lying there panting, I was sitting between her legs watching her calm down, mesmerized by her clean shaven pussy. Then, I don't know what came over me, but I had to taste her. I leaned down and smelled the musky aroma for a moment, before lowering my lips to hers. I have tasted myself on my husband many times, but tasting someone else was a whole different ball game. Amy welcomed the additional attention with another moan, and that was all the encouragement I needed. I slowly licked from her pussy opening to her clit, and then back down. The taste and experience was absolutely intoxicating!

Out of the corner of my eye I could see Carlos was just standing there watching the twin shows. There was Amy and I on the floor and Nina on the bed. I hadn't even heard her undress, but there she was, totally naked, slowly sliding my medium butt plug in and out of her ass and playing with her clit. Damn, she looked sexy!

"Holy crap you two, that was so hot! I thought for sure I would have the big guy's attention, but look at him, he is mesmerized!" Nina said with a giggle

I lifted up my head and asked him "Do you like what you are watching? Are you going to just stand there all night and be a voyeur?"

"Yes and hell no!" he said as he dropped his shorts exposing his massive hard on. 

"Fuck me from behind," I said as I lifted my ass in the air. Carlos quickly dropped to his knees and started fucking me while I continued to go down on Amy. OMG, I was so wet he just slid right in to the hilt causing my juices to drip down my leg. It felt so good, the thoughts running through my head were so nasty as I licked Amy's pussy, and her taste was so intoxicating that I suddenly found myself cumming from just a few good hard stokes. Damn, I remember thinking, this was going to be an intense night. Knowing Carlos couldn't last long under these circumstances I asked him, "Hey stud, do you want to join me down south?" Of course he jumped at the offer!

I turned to see what Nina was up to now, and she was bent over the side of the bed, ramming the anal plug deep inside her ass. Nina also has an amazing rack, and she was pinching one nipple and then the other, moaning with pleasure, while she fucked my anal plug. Between the toy, the boob play, and the show we were giving her, she looked like she was about to explode with pleasure. 

My husband loves to eat pussy. It is one of his favorite things to do, and he is damn good at it. He has always found Amy attractive so I knew he would be beyond thrilled at this opportunity. Before he joined in he watched me for a moment. 

"Move aside and let me show you something," he said. He then lowered himself and gently nibbled on Amy's clit before slowly sucking it into his mouth. "Try that for a moment, and then insert your finger in her pussy."

"Oh, please do" Amy quipped in, "that felt great"

So, I mimicked Carlos's actions, sucking on Amy's clit and sliding my finger in and out of her pussy, which got her to start moaning again. 

"Oh god, just like that," Amy said

"No, now I want you to start rubbing the back of her pussy, pressing down towards her ass," Carlos said

I complied, which brought a squeal from Amy.

"YES, oh FUCK that feels good! Please don't stop, I am going to cum so hard!"

So I had to pause, just to drive her nuts. "Wow Carlos, I thought I was doing it right, but look at her now, she is going cum in seconds" and she was. 

"Now, slip your finger in her ass," Carlos said

I quickly pulled my finger out of her pussy and used Amy's own juices as lube and started to press my finger into her ass. Amy let out a huge moan as her ass opened up and my finger started to slide in. 

Then Carlos told me, "Work it in and out of her ass, nice and slow while you suck on her clit."

After just a couple of in and out motions I could feel Amy's ass clamping down on my finger in orgasm before she started bucking all over the bed and screaming out "Oh fuck!"over and over again. God it was so hot to watch her cum, to feel her ass clamping down on my finger, and to taste the suddenly increased flow of juices leaking out of her pussy!!

"Stop, stop, I need a break," Amy cried as she squeezed my head out from between her legs. "I don't know if I have ever cum that hard!" Amy was panting, glistening with sweat, and literally glowing

About that time I realized that Nina still hadn't joined us, and then I heard her start clapping. I looked up and saw that she was laying on the bed again, spread eagle, with the butt plug lying next to her. She was all sweaty and flushed so we knew she had an amazing orgasm as well. 

"Bravo, bravo! That was hotter than any porno movie I have ever seen," Nina said. "But now, it is my turn. This plug feels good, but I need a real cock in my ass. Any volunteers?"

Now, Nina has an amazing ass and I knew that Carlos had fantasized about fucking it, hard, many times before. But even I was shocked at how hot she looked at that moment, and how wet it got me. And then I saw Carlos. It looked like his dick was larger than I had ever seen it, and I knew her volunteer was ready. 

Carlos just about jumped on the bed, looked her Nina in the eye, and told her, "I have fantasized about tapping this ass for years! I can't believe it is actually going to happen!" 

Nina replied "I know you have, Amanda told me once," with a wicked grin on her face. "You are not the only one fulfilling a nasty fantasy right now."

Carlos shot me an accusing / inquisitive glance, but I just smiled and said, "We were drinking, and she dared me to tell her my most forbidden fantasy." Really, I knew he didn't mind.

Then Carlos slowly slipped a finger in her pussy. "I want to make sure you are ready for me, and I just have to taste you before I spew a load in your ass."

With that, Carlos lay down and showed Nina just how good he is at eating pussy. He was slowly working the plug in and out of her ass with one hand, twisting her left nipple with the other, and giving her clit all of the attention she could take.

"Damn, he is good at this" Nina moaned, right before her eyes rolled back and her hips started bucking uncontrollably in a second massive orgasm. 

"Now you are ready for me," Carlos crowed. "Watch this closely, Amy and Amanda". 

With those words he pulled the butt plug out of Nina's ass with a loud plop, rolled her on her side so she was facing Amy and me, put her left leg on his shoulder exposing her glistening pussy to the world, and slowly slid his dick as far into her ass as he could. 

"Oh holy fuck, your ass is so tight! I am going to cum like a fire hose," Carlos stated. "Are you watching this, Amanda? We talked about this so many times! I am actually fucking Nina's ass!"

Who was he kidding; I was mesmerized by the sight! It was beautiful, it was amazingly erotic, it was simply over the top hot to see my husband slowly fucking our pretty neighbor's ass. Without any forethought I head myself say, "Can I join you two?" 

Nina looked a little taken aback, I think she might have wanted this all to herself, but then she got a wicked grin on her face and said, "Grab that big black dildo and shove it in my pussy while I eat you out. I haven't tasted another woman since college."

Who was I to argue? So I grabbed the indicated toy, lay on my side with my pussy in Nina's face and my face next to her pussy. I hadn't thought about what a great view I would have of Carlos fucking her ass, but let's just say it couldn't be ignored. Every time he shoved his dick in her ass her pussy would flex forward towards me a little bit and open up. It was like her pussy was begging to be fucked, opening just enough to entice entry. 

"Come on, be quick about it!" Nina stated, and then plunged her tongue into my pussy. 

I quickly complied with her request and started fucking her pussy with the nine inch dildo, staring at my husband's dick sliding in and out of her tight ass. Damn, it was so hot! I couldn't help myself and started licking her clit, just to see what reaction I would get out of Nina. What I got was a slick finger shoved in my ass and Nina saying

"Oh, you want to play like that? Well let's just see who cums first. Come on Carlos, fuck that ass and make me cum!"

With that she really went to town on my clit, licking and slurping on me with everything she had while pummeling my ass, now with two fingers. Taking up her challenge, I started to nibble on her clit while plunging the dildo in her pussy as hard, deep, and fast as I could. In seconds I could feel a super tingly feeling starting to build in my belly, which quickly shot to my clit and then my brain, exploding in an orgasmic tremor which shut out everything but the amazing feelings cascading back and forth through my body. I barely even noticed Nina spasming around me, but I hoped the neighbors heard her screaming out her orgasm. 

Just as I was regaining a sense of the world around me I heard Carlos.

"Oh my god, I can't hold back any more!"

With that I could see his balls start to spasm as he dumped his hot seed in Nina's ass. Being the great wife that I am, I started to massage his balls to enhance the experience. I was rewarded with him pulling out of Nina's ass and shoving his cock in my mouth to shoot a hot stream of warm cum down m throat, and then he shoved it straight back up Nina's ass. I was surprised, but damn, who could blame him? We were all getting carried away. Judging by his contractions, Carlos must have shot another seven or eight jets of cum up Nina's ass. Then he started giggling and rolled over on his side.

Now, once in a while when our sex is really good, Carlos and I will start giggling uncontrollably. It is just that intense! But seeing him do it after fucking Nina's ass was a little upsetting, that is until I felt Nina's finger slowly being pulled out of my ass. I couldn't help it, I started giggling uncontrollably myself, which got Nina going as well. There we were, all three of us on the bed, covered in sweat, laughing uncontrollably. And that's when Amy chose to speak up.

"WOW, that was so intense! But now I feel left out. I know I got all the attention at first, but I am ready to go again."
