 You arrive at the stables where they keep your horse; he is already been prepared and saddled for you. You take him out for a ride, galloping around the fencing. You notice a small group of cowboys, no doubt the helping hands at the ranch, they are watching you. 

You get the feeling you're being stared at every time you are galloping towards them, with your breasts bouncing up and down, they are no doubt getting a great show. They stop to whisper amongst each other whenever you ride away, as if it's the pause in the sexy show they are getting.

You feel a bit cheap to have become their afternoon entertainment, but it is nice to be noticed, so you decide to eliminate the pause by increasing your horses speed when riding away from them, forcing you to sit up and show off your full, firm horse riding ass. The whispers have stopped, but the starring is now joined with virtual drooling. These boys are getting quite excited.....

Finally, you decide your horse has had plenty of exercise, and it's time to end the show disappointing those poor cowboys. You bring your steed back to the stables and settle him back into his stall. You turn around to leave and there they are, three cowboys standing in the stables, once again staring at you. 

You stop in your tracks and notice like it's almost as if they are blocking the exit, you're hoping they wouldn't be stupid enough to do anything crazy. 

"Howdy." says the tall one; he is very handsome, dark hair and looks well built. 

"You were looking mighty fine out there lady, you ride well. "

"Thank you Sir, there is nothing more I enjoy over a good ride." you respond.

Realizing what you just said after noticing the smirk on his face you feel a bit silly and blush. You motion to leave but more words stop you in your tracks.

"Why would you want to leave fine lady, with such good company around?" he says.

How Absurd!! You think to yourself, these boys are downright bold, and making you feel somewhat nervous. You stand still not sure what to say, this is when you get surprised as the man's hand moves towards his pants zipper, and starts undoing it. 

Oh no, you think you may be in a bit of trouble here, especially when you notice the other two cowboys smacking their lips with smiles. You move to take another step towards the exit very slowly, this is when you notice two things; they don't seem to be interested in getting in your way, and the man has pulled out his cock.

You catch yourself taking in a quick breath, his cock is huge!! It looks to be at least 12 inches long and it's very thick, you have never seen anything so gorgeous.

"My name is Andre, this is Phil and Jake." he introduces.

As if you care what their names are, you think to yourself you should be focused on getting out, but you're too busy staring at his massive dick. 

You feel a dampness developing between your legs, as if your pussy was salivating for it and self lubing in anticipation. 

"You like what you see huh? You want it?" Andre asks.

You think to yourself 'oh my god, please!!' but the last thing you want to do is justify this bold intrusion. 

"No thanks, I have things to attend to." you respond.

The man puts out a small smile and slowly leans on the wooden post next to him; his eyes seem to motion towards your thighs. 

"You sure about that?"

You look down to see what he is gesturing at and notice a trail of pussy juice seeping from the seam of your jean shorts down your inner thigh. 

Holy crap!! You had no idea you were getting that wet!! You decide you need to re-gather your composer, you can't let him get to you, but he makes that very difficult when his hand slowly grabs the base of his cock and even slower starts to slide up the shaft, not using his thumb on top as if to fully display it for you his fingers along the bottom of that wonderful shaft, showing you his cock in full.

You can't seem to get your legs to move forward, your knees are shaking a bit and too weak to take a step. You feel like at this point there is no way your leaving here without getting your hands on that awesome cock, or getting even better parts of yourself on it come to mind.

"Tell you what, show me what you do, and I'll consider letting you have it." Andre offers.

Unsure of what he wants; it becomes clear when the blond haired cowboy Phil approaches you and drops his pants straight to the ground. His cock is nowhere near as big, but it looks great, wondering if maybe it's just your current starvation for cock telling you that.

You're still considering the whole situation, thinking to yourself as soon as you do as he asks, he owns you, you will become his little slut and that just isn't like you. At that moment you notice his hand twirl around the huge head of his dick, it twitches a few times in response, an indication that it will start getting hard.

You can't get the thought out of it growing out of your mind, a powerful tingling sensation rises from your pussy to your nipples forcing you to come to a decision. 

"Fuck it, I guess I'm a little slut today." you announce.

You suddenly drop to your knees, grab Phil's cock and wrap your lips around it slowly taking the entire shaft inside your mouth.

As you continue to suck him slowly, you barely notice Jake pull his out, because you're still staring at Andre's impressive manhood. He is stroking it now, it's as if it's growing and hardening at the same time as the one in your mouth. 

Your pussy getting wetter, your lust getting stronger, you pick up the pace and start taking him in faster and deeper. 

As you do Andre picks up the pace of his stroking, matching yours, making it easy for you to imagine it's his lovely cock you're sucking. You decide to try and take some control of all this teasing, you hold the bottom of Phil's shaft firmly, open your mouth wide near his dick and start licking all around the head slowly as your eyes remain locked with Andre's. 

His fist forms around his cock head and circles as if to mimic you, his head raises for a moment and his eyes shut, you know what you're doing to him as you notice his manhood looks even bigger than before, hard as a rock, almost swollen.

You get robbed of your small but satisfying victory for control, as Jake now stands before you next to Phil with his pants down, blocking the view you had locked with Andre. Almost instinctively you grab his manhood, noticing it to be very nice and long, but with a narrow head, easy to take into your mouth, but impossible to deep throat completely. 

The overwhelming tingling sensation between your thighs drives you to suck him hard and fast, as you realize, oh my god!! I've never done anything like this, I'm sucking two cocks at once, I feel like such a whore, I feel so cheap and slutty, but wholly shit is it ever turning you on!!

You can barely hear footsteps and spurs walking behind you as two cocks take their turns thrusting between your lips, moans and groans getting a little louder. You can hear the sliding of fabric that can only indicating Andre must be removing his pants completely, he drops down to his knees behind you.

Your entire body quivers as you feel the top side of his cockhead applying pressure on your clit; you can almost feel the juices from your pussy lips dripping onto the top of his shaft. 

You've never wanted something so badly in your life. Your hips struggling to adjust, trying to get his cock directed to your pussy hole, but the grip it has on your clit is too strong as he applies even more pressure. The ecstasy now has complete control over you; you force the two dicks close together and start lavishing them all over with your tongue at the same time. 

You feel Andre start to slide his massive manhood down towards your awaiting pussy while maintaining the hard pressure he held on your clit. Finally!! This is it; you think to yourself, he is finally gonna fuck me!! You feel the very tip of his awesome manhood slightly nudge the entrance of your eager soaked love hole. 

The sex drive makes you even hungrier for cock as you push both your meals together and start trying to shove them in your mouth at the same time, you just can't get enough. You feel each cowboy place a hand behind your head as an attempt to help you take them both in and finally, both heads punch through your stretched out lips, your own sluttiness has turned you on so much combined with the giant cockhead teasing your entrance you can feel an intensive orgasm approaching. 

That orgasms backs up a bit as you no longer feel the luscious dick near your pussy, he has slid it further back towards your ass. You know there is no way that would ever fit in there, but the thought of it starts to drive you mad. Your hands are now gripping even firmer and stroking those cocks hard and fast, your tongue lashing everywhere, up and down, round and round, the boys faces look intense, their balls tightening. 

You now feel the amazing sensation of that huge cock running small circles around your asshole, teasing it lustfully. Your orgasm starts to grow again, you're being overwhelmed with hunger, and you tell the two boys.

"Please! Fucking cum for me, Gimme all you've got I want it sooooo bad!!" you beg.

They start roaring right on cue like bears locked in battle. Their hot sweet cum starts gushing all over your lips and tongue, you feel like you're in a heavenly waterfall especially when noticing that your screaming from your own overwhelming orgasm spraying pussy cum all over the ground as you lap up as much man juice as your mouth can handle like a starving animal.

You no longer feel a cock nudging your ass, but your still lapping cum off your face with your tongue and using your fingers where your tongue can't reach, it tastes sooo good...You see Phil and Jake almost fall to the ground, their knees still shaking looking at you with amazement. 

You feel like you were able to show them sexuality like they have never seen before, and judging by the steady pulsing of your unsatisfied clit they are going to see even more.

Two strong hands lower to your level; Andre has extended them to help you back to your feet, barely mustering the strength to get up you manage hold your knees strong as he hoists you up. But then he does something much unexpected.

He slides a hand behind your head in a caressing manner and kisses you romantically; he doesn't seem to care about the taste of cum that has filled your mouth. He even runs his tongue along the side of your cheek, as if to scoop up a splash of man juice you left behind then extends his tongue towards your lips.

You wrap your lips around his tongue and suck in the remaining cum right off of it. At that moment you realize he is the only one that has yet to explode, you can't help but envy his ability to remain composed and calm while his engulfed cock slowly pulses and twitches in your hand. 

"Please!! " you beg "let me take care of that, I want that big cock so bad, pound my mouth with it and skull fuck me like your little whore, please!!" 

This is the moment you realize if ever you had the upper hand in the control department it is now completely lost, he owns you, you have truly become his little slut whore and will do absolutely anything he demands, there is nothing you won't do for that massive cock right now. 

His hands wrap around your face as he smiles just before pulling you in for a long sexual dance of tongues followed by sliding his hands down to your shoulders and pushing you back down to your knees. You're extremely happy; you let out a huge smile knowing there is nowhere else in the world you want to be right now as his incredibly hard cock fully extended in front of your face slowly makes its way to your lips. 

You start to kiss and caress every inch of it with your lips followed by french kissing the head as if to start measuring it out, hoping it's even possible to wrap your mouth around it. The pace of his breath sharply quickens, your teasing is having the effect you hoped for.

He reaches over and grabs a small wooden stool that was leaning on the wall, places it behind him and sits down into it, your lips never ceased to lose its connection to the lovely head of his cock, you've starved long enough, you can't go without, not even for a second.

His waist is much lower now, he tells you to lean forward on to your hands and raise that lovely ass in the air. Unsure as to what he is up to you decide to use the momentum of your movements to attempt getting that cock between your lips, but it still doesn't make its way in.

Your pussy must be impressed, it just keeps dripping down your thighs, whether you can handle this huge cock or not, your admiration of his manliness is driving you animalistic.

This when you feel an awesome sensation, a slippery tongue starts lavishing your pussy lips and circling your clit. You must not have noticed Phil slide under you and raise his face in between your thighs, the spark of lust rising up your entire body has you shuddering because you can feel every single twitch and lick from his tongue. 

The noise coming from your pussy is music to your ears, your pussy was already so soaked with cum, and Phil's face must be drenched in it causing much slurping noises. You decide to do the same, using a large amount of spit all over Andre gigantic cock in hopes of lubricating it enough to drive it in your eager mouth.

"Oh yes baby, that's it, soak it, you're driving me crazy" Andre moans.

Your head lowers as you use his long shaft as a guide for your tongue to his balls. Maybe driving him crazy is just what you want. But there is no longer any way you can continue these intentions as you feel yet another tongue, this one wiggling insane circles all around your asshole. 

Your tongue is driven back up the shaft as if beyond your control, your starvation starting to overcome you. You try again, your hands grip around his ankles as an attempt to anchor your body as you drive your mouth forward trying to engulf his manhood. Your almost there but can't quite get around it, you start breathing through your nose and continue to push your head back and forth. 

This is when you feel your ass cheeks being grabbed hard and spread wide open, spread so far even your tight little asshole feels like it's being stretched open, which you realized was exactly the intention once you feel a long slippery tongue drive its way inside your asshole as you also feel the other tongue start to pound its way inside your pussy. 

You scream out loud "Holy Fuck Yes!! Don't stop you fuckers, don't stop fucking both my holes with your amazing tongues."

Your words urge them on as they both begin to tongue fuck you harder and faster in perfect harmony like a seesaw never giving your sexual intensity the slightest break. 

Between all your whimpering and moaning your eyes finally able to open again you notice the sex drive all over your shuddering body has pushed your face hard enough to finally take in that giant treasure, you did it, the entire head is now in your mouth rocking back and forth to the back of your throat. 

The satisfaction of your little personal victory heightens you even more as lust overwhelms you, the shuddering becomes shaking, your body begins to writhe and even jerk all over as the most amazing orgasm of your life has you making the sound of a woman screaming while she has a huge cock in her mouth, the cum splashing all over Phil's face which only has his tongue digging even further into your pussy as if to make sure he gets every drop.

Your insane orgasm has driven Andre completely out of control; his hand is now behind your head gripping a full head of hair forcing your head down on his cock. As you keep gagging and even choking a bit the cock still never seems to leave your mouth, the massive head unable to get passed your teeth. 

It has you in tears but you don't care, you told yourself you would do anything for that awesome manhood and now you're extremely happy to be doing just that. Just as it seems like Andre was fast approaching a crazy orgasm, he pulls your hair back hard enough to get his head passed your teeth and back out of your mouth, you see him staring at the ceiling and taking huge breaths trying to re-compose himself. 

"Not yet baby, you're too fucking good, I want to enjoy this." Andre says.

As he finishes his sentence you look down and notice Phil has managed to slide further up your body and is now face to face with you. He lifts his head and locks onto your lips with his, giving you a long sexy passionate kiss that seems to last forever only to be interrupted by his dick, the wonderful sensation of his dick sliding inside of you. 

You slide your knees further apart in order to lower your waist so his pounding goes even deeper. It feels so damn good you lower your lips again to repeat another long passionate kiss of appreciation for someone finally filling the hole you want fucked the most.

A sharp but slight pain interrupts the second kiss; your hair is being pulled back upward. How bold you think to yourself as you lock eyes with Andre again, his cock twitching so much as if it was doing a dance, beckoning you to take it again. 

"Suck it!!" Andre demands.

His boldness and testosterone overwhelming any possible resistance you may have muttered, you decide not to kid yourself, he is turning you on so much and the only thing you want more than that massive pole in your mouth is his hot cum all over your lips. 

Your face smashes into his lap forcefully as you take his cock back in so hungrily and without his help this time, your momentum gets insane with minimal gagging as you devour him. Your pussy is now getting pounded like a jackhammer; you feel a spearhead like cock start to push against your asshole that has been pre-lubed with so much spit and pussy cum from earlier. 

Never in your life have you felt so slutty, so whoreish, three cocks now pounding every hole you have to offer and you just can't seem to get enough of it. The disbelief of how much you're enjoying this quickly dissipates as you feel the greatest sensation that goes well beyond the possibilities of your imagination. 

Not only is your mouth being even stretched further by the pulsating veins starting to pump a massive load of hot cum up that wonderful shaft, but at the exact same moment you can sense the same pulsations vibe through your entire body as both other cocks are doing the same. 

The extremely loud grunting and growling confirm what is happening, it's like the Northern Lights themselves are filling the stable!!! You know there is no going back for Andre at this point, you aggressively pull his huge cock out of your mouth, you go to open your mouth to take in his explosion but you notice its already wide open from your own screaming as both the gorgeous cock in your pussy and the extremely long cock pounding your ass start to gush cum and fill you up setting off a massive orgasm like never before. 

Loudly interrupted by the most forceful man-scream you ever heard, Andre's arms pull to his side, his fist clench, his chins rises and he lets out a bellowing war cry during the volcanic eruption that fills your mouth, your lips, your cheeks, your hair and all over your face, the impact even knocks your head back a bit as a second wave of insane orgasms has you screaming so loud every muscle in your body tenses up so much it actually forces the other two cocks right out of you, followed by the splashing sounds of pussy juice squirting hard on the floor.

And there you lie, exhausted and sprawled on the floor in a puddle of your own juices, covered in man-juice. Your so spent you can't even open your eyes let alone lift your head. You hear that voice again.

"Thanks Lady, next time I'd be happy to give you riding lessons." Andre says as he walks out the stable.
