 All characters in this story are fictional, just a fun fantasy my wife and I have. I suggest you read part 1 if you are big on timeline sequences or want to know characters before sex, but it is not required We want to again thank our amazing editor, SexyGeek, who is a great resource to us, especially getting the dialog right. Finally, we really appreciate your feedback as it is fun and rewarding for us to read your comments. Thank you and enjoy! CANDA

*

My first thought was, "what the hell is confining me, I can't move." A moment later my thought was, "HOLY FUCK, that really happened!" I woke up facing my wife (who was smiling in her sleep), I could see Amy's right arm draped over her (actually almost touching my junk), and the curve of both their hips and torsos when I looked down the bed. I could also feel what could only be Nina's boobs pressed against my back, and the rest of her pressing against my body. 

"I was wondering who would wake up second," was whispered in my ear as Nina ran her hand down my body and grabbed my dick. "I sure am glad it was you! I have been awake for 30 minutes, running last night through my head, over and over, and I came to several conclusions."

"And they are?" I asked.

"One, I don't regret anything. That was fun and so hot! Two, you and Amanda are two of my favorite people, and I love you both more this morning than I did yesterday. And three, all any of you has to do is touch me and I am going to cum very hard."

"Wow, I may just be waking up, but I feel exactly the same way," I heard Amy say. "I feel like the mattress is pumping electricity into my body I am so tingly!"

"Ok, I grant you that was extraordinarily hot, and I am thrilled no one regrets what happened last night, but really, you two are still horny? I HATE morning sex, but lucky for you, Carlos loves it," Amanda mumbled sleepily. 

Yes, I am that lucky of a man!

"How about you three let me up so I can get out of your way, and then you can see just how long Carlos can last in the morning," my always practical wife stated. 

"Ladies," I said, "I really have to pee, but then I am your toy until you are done with me." 

It turned out that everyone needed a few moments to share toothbrushes etc. but I really don't think it was five minutes before I was back in bed with Nina on my right and Amy on my left.

Nina grabbed my dick, which was standing straight up, and then Amy did the same from the other side. "Damn," I thought, "I might not last as long as I had promised these two." Both girls were slowly massaging my dick and playing with my balls, and it was starting to feel really good. I realized I would have to change this up quickly to keep from blowing my load way too fast for these two.

"Hey, I thought you two were the ones dying to cum in a hurry," I stated.

Amy was quicker than Nina by just a second, yelling, "Me first!" That was followed quickly by, "Oh damn!" from Nina.

Not wanting to disappoint either woman, I suggested, "How about one of you sit on my dick and the other one sit on my face?" 

I think they both jumped simultaneously with Nina moving toward my head and Amy straddling my hips. It was at that moment I caught sight of Amanda standing off to the side with our camera and the red record light was on. "Oh hell yea," I remember thinking, "I am going to get a video of this!"

At that point my vision was blocked by a lovely shaved pussy descending on my face, quickly snuggling in on my mouth. I could also feel Amy slowly lowering herself onto my dick, but honestly, my attention was focused fully upon licking Nina's pussy.

I started slowly licking from her clit to her pussy opening, and then back, then repeating. I could tell Nina was enjoying it already as she was starting to quiver and shake. My next move was to extend my licking action back onto the pretty little rosebud of her asshole, giving it a good lick before I went the other way making my way back to her clit. That was all it took as I could feel her shuddering and gasping for air with a good orgasm. 

A yelp and, "OH FUCK, I AM CUMMING!" diverted my attention to the fact that Amy was keeping pace with Nina. I also realized I had been so distracted I hadn't noticed the feel of Nina's had on my lower stomach as she played with Amy's clit while I focused most of my attention on her ass.

I just kept on thinking, "Damn, this is so hot, and Amanda is taping it!"

"Ok, time to switch," was the next thing I heard. I think it was Amy, but honestly, I was so caught up in the moment I wasn't sure. It was a bit of a bummer to have my face and dick abandoned so suddenly, but the feeling was short lived. Amy was already lowering her crotch onto my face, and I was staring at another very beautiful pussy and ass from just inches. I also realized that Nina was reversing her direction when she climbed onto my dick, facing the foot of the bed instead of Amy. 

"Amy, will you please get one of the glass dildos from Amanda so you can fuck my ass while I fuck Carlos?" Nina asked.

"Why of course my lady," was Amy's response. Then she added, "Carlos, I know it was your tongue on Nina's ass that sent her over the top, and I expect you to really work mine over as I loved what you did to it last night!" 

And just that quick I could feel Nina lower herself onto me, followed moments later by the feeling of the glass toy being shoved up her ass. Let me tell you, I really had to steady myself to keep from cumming right then and there! The feeling of Nina slowly grinding her hips on mine, moving my dick around inside of her, while Amy slowly worked the glass toy in and out of her ass, which I could clearly feel through the thin walls of Nina's pussy, was AMAZING!!!!

"U HUMM!!!" I heard Amy say as I felt the toy withdrawn from Nina's ass. "Neither of you is getting anything from me unless you start paying attention to my pussy and ass Carlos!" 

"Carlos, hurry up and get to work on Amy, I was getting close!" Nina whimpered. 

"Yea, Carlos, stick that tongue up my ass! NOW! I want to cum! And no complaining about not getting to see the action. We have all seen that naughty wife of yours filming this, and I promise you, some of this is so hot you are going to blow a load every time you watch it. So GET TO WORK!" 

Ok, how was I to argue with that? I felt the glass toy being reinserted right about the time I felt Nina put some vibrating toy on her clit. But I knew I had to get busy quickly or else. So, I made a point out of my tongue and just shoved it in Amy's ass as far as I could. 

"Oh yea! Make me cum! Just like that!" was the response I got from Amy as she started working her clit with her fingers. 

So I started really working her ass with my tongue, shoving it in and wiggling it as much as I could. Then I pulled it out and shoved it as far as I could up her pussy hole and plunged two fingers into her ass. That did the trick and I felt a gush of Amy's juices start dribbling down the sides of my cheeks as her ass spasmed uncontrollably on my fingers. 

"Oh fuck oh fuck oh FUCK!" was all I could hear Amy yelling over and over, loudly, as she just went nuts bucking up and down on my face, dribbling juices all over me. God, I was a sticky mess, but it was so hot. 

Then I heard, "STOP, both of you!" from Amy, followed by, "Just give me a second to catch my breath. I have got plans for you two, so please don't cum..."

I don't know who groaned louder, me or Nina, but stop we did. I could feel Nina quivering on my dick she was so close to cumming, and that was before Amy slowly pulled the glass dildo out of her ass. I was sure Nina was going to lose it, but she somehow managed not to cum. Then Amy got up and started issuing orders.

"Amanda, hand me some lube and that big black dildo," which my wife quickly did. 

"Nina, turn around and let me work some of this onto your ass, and Carlos, you just lay there!"

OMG, I could see where this was going, and I knew it was going to be extreme!!! 

"Ok, Amanda, make sure you get this up close for you and Carlos to watch again and again. Nina, I want you to squat above Carlos, lean back, and slowly lower your ass onto that beautiful dick of his."

Nina had a huge a huge smile on her face as she turned around and complied, slowly lowering her ass onto my dick, wiggling it slowly around and around as I groaned in pleasure. Meanwhile, Amanda was off to the side of the bed with the camera on, capturing every movement Nina made and Amy spreading lube all over the dildo. 

Then Amy said, "Get ready, both of you," and then she shoved that large black dildo all the way into Nina's pussy in one motion!

Nina immediately started panting and then screamed, "Oh MY GOD! This feels AMAZING!" Then she just started fucking my dick as hard as she could, raising herself almost all the way off of me, and then slamming her ass all the way down onto my straining hard on. At the same time Amy was matching her plunge for plunge, shoving that black monster in and out of her pussy. 

I honestly don't know who started cumming first, me or Nina, but I only lasted a minute or maybe two before I started spewing my seed deep in her ass. I could feel Nina's ass contracting around my dick, again and again, just heightening my orgasm, as she shook and shuddered while impaled on me. 

After what seemed like an hour but in reality was only a minute, she just collapsed backwards onto the bed, giggling and hugging herself. This caused my dick to pop out of her ass, too soon for my preference, but then Amy came to the rescue again by immediately taking me all the way into her throat and rubbing my dick with her tongue. 

DAMN, she was nasty and so hot! It felt amazing!!!

Nina was laying on her side next to me, still panting and giggling a little when that dirty fucker Amy rolls over and starts licking her ass, lapping my cum up as it slowly dribbled out of her, making a show of it for the camera.

This went on for at least a full minute, Amy letting my goo dribble out of her ass while Nina gently lapped it up. She even occasionally pushed her tongue in to dig it out. Then suddenly Amy sat up and started french kissing Nina. OMG, I couldn't believe what had just happened, again, in my bed! 

Then I hear my wife say, "DAMN, that was so hot! You two can't leave before I get off too!" 

"I think that can be arranged," Nina said, "but I need a shower first."

"I think we all need a shower," was my wife's response, and then she promptly headed into the bathroom. She was followed a moment later by Amy and Nina, and then me, after I had grabbed a few towels from the hall closet.

I walked into the bathroom to see Amy under the showerhead with my wife kneeling between her legs shaving her pussy while Nina was sitting on the toilet slowly stroking her nipples. 

"There, just about perfect," my wife said, followed by, "now turn around so I can wash your back." Amanda was taking her time, sensuously and slowly applying soap all over Amy, and I could tell they were both loving it. 

"God, that feels so good! Please just keep that up for a minute or two," Amy stated. 

But she was to be disappointed as my wife replied, "Nope, not enough hot water. Your turn is over. Nina, please come do me." 

Amy stepped out of the shower with a little whimper, but I quickly wrapped her up in one of the towels and started to gently pat her dry from behind. She just leaned her head back on my shoulder and let me pamper her while I watched Amanda first shave and then scrub Nina before they switched and Nina shaved and then scrubbed Amanda. It was intoxicating to watch, especially with Amy just relaxing against me, but it was short lived as they both got out quickly and started patting each other dry. 

"Get your hairy ass in there and get cleaned up," my wife said with a wicked smile, "I am sure we will have some need for you in a bit, but, for now, us girls are going to have some fun while you recharge. I want you can be the camera operator this time." 

I clearly remember thinking, "DAMN, my wife has some great ideas!" as I got under the water.

"We get copies of this video don't we?" Nina asked no one in particular. 

"Nope," I replied, "you have to come over here to watch it." 

"Don't you wish!" my wife replied. "Of course you do!" and with that the three of them walked out of the bathroom and shut the door. 

I am sure I have showered faster sometime in my life, but I had to have been close to setting a record that morning. I quickly dried, or gave it a cursory attempt, and then rushed into the bedroom. 

What I found stopped me in my tracks cold!

Nina was lying on her back with Amanda on top of her in the sixty-nine position, and Amy was kneeling behind Amanda, aggressively tonguing her ass for all she was worth. I grabbed the camera, which I am sure was left in a convenient location by my wife, and quickly started filming the absolutely beautiful scene in front of me.

I couldn't do anything but focus on my wife's ass, easily capturing some of the hottest action I have ever seen by doing so. Her ass was high up in the air, Nina was greedily lapping at her clit from below, and Amy was shoving two fingers as deep as she could into Amanda's pussy while she had her tongue as far up her ass as she could shove it. Nina would lick up to Amanda's pussy hole as Amy slid her fingers out and then reverse her course as Amy slid her fingers back in Amanda, all while Amy wiggled her tongue in Amanda's ass. 

I could tell Amanda would only be able to last a minute or two at most by the nearly incoherent sounds she was making, which proved to be the case. It wasn't more than 90 seconds before Amanda let loose with a wild scream and started bucking and kicking and thrashing around. But Nina and Amy weren't letting go or stopping, it was obvious they wanted Amanda remember this. I can still close my eyes and perfectly picture my wife locked in their embrace, unable to move and unable to hold still. 

Suddenly Amanda yelled, "Holy FUCK, FUCK, FUUUCKK!" and then collapsed on Nina, unable to do anything but whimper and twitch, which finally got Amy and Nina to stop assaulting her. 

"Well, I guess she doesn't really hate morning sex after all," Amy said with a wicked gleam in her eye and a smirk. 

Nina just giggled and then winked at me, and then her eyes gave away the fact that I had a raging hard on, again. 

I couldn't help it! I was so hot and close from watching that assault on my wife that I dropped the camera, grabbed my dick and started jerking it furiously. It only took me a second before I was ready to cum, and almost unconsciously I lunged for Amy's waiting lips. She just smiled and opened her mouth as I started spewing my load in her mouth, on her face, even in her hair. 

I collapsed on the bed beside her and then to my astonishment Amy slowly wiped my cum off her cheek and into her mouth with her fingers, maintaining eye contact with me the whole time, making sure I was taking it all in. 

"Mmmm, good" she said and then just fell over giggling. 

Amanda was still collapsed on top of Nina, and I honestly don't know if she even knew I had cum again, even though I could see a drop or three had landed on her ass. Nina obviously knew as I could she was smiling from ear to ear from under Amanda, and then I heard her purr...

I just laughed and hugged Amy who was lying next to me at that point. I was spent and in that perfect post orgasm bliss, when Amanda finally moved, rolling over and snuggling up to me. 

I was shocked when Amanda tickled my ear and woke me back up. "Can you go make a pot of coffee? I think we could all use some calories and caffeine." 

"Of course," I replied, gently untangling myself from the ladies and getting up. It was then I noticed it was almost noon and realized we had been going at it or sleeping since eight the night before. 

I went downstairs, brewed coffee, put together a nice continental breakfast made of fruit and toast, grabbed napkins, forks, cups, creamer, and so on. and put it all on a big tray to take upstairs for the ladies. I figured serving them all was the least I could do after cumming multiple times in each one of them, and made my way back to the bedroom. 

Amanda, Amy, and Nina were all lying on their sides in a triangle on the bed, facing the center, each gently lapping at the pussy of the next girl in line. Two of them were quietly moaning and one of them was purring (I still don't know which it was).

Amanda's head was resting on Nina's thigh and she was slowly, gently, running her tongue up and down Nina's extremely wet pussy lips. Then she just casually started licking her ass for a moment, and then switched back to her glistening pussy. I set breakfast down quietly, grabbed the camera again, and turned it on.

I started with the camera zoomed out to take in the big picture of all three ladies, but quickly zoomed in to capture in close detail the attention my wife was paying to Nina's genitals. 

After taping this for a bit I moved one body down the line to see Nina gently rimming Amy's ass while she slowly pushed two fingers in and out of her pussy. There was no rush or pounding in her action, just a stunning woman comfortably licking her good friends ass and fingering her pussy, completely at ease with the action.

Next I panned around to Amy, who had her thumb deeply embedded in my wife's ass while she sucked on her pussy lips. Fuck, it was so hot to watch this going on!

It was then I realized that each lady was totally satiated and that they were all in their own little world of sexual relaxation. There wasn't any frenetic sexual energy at this point, they were very relaxed, very comfortable with each other's bodies, and were reveling in the slow and gentle stimulation. 

Of course, they couldn't keep that up forever without a reaction from the activity. It was Nina who started it off. She let out a little whimper that was just a little louder than it had been and then started convulsing as my wife continued her slow and steady ministrations to her pussy and ass. Amanda didn't quicken her pace, but she did start slipping her finger into Nina's ass as the orgasm continued. 

Nina's gyrations intensified her attention to Amy's ass, pushing her over the edged with a quiet yelp followed by a low groan. Finally, Amanda let out a gentle sigh and started a quiet, you could almost say peaceful, orgasm. 

It was hypnotic seeing them all like that, entwined, quietly sharing an intense "girls" moment. I made sure I slowly panned around and captured the blissful radiance on each of their faces before I quietly coughed and announced, "Brunch is served my amazing harem," with a shit eating grin on my face.