 On Monday morning following the meetings, I made the two and half hour drive to the small town where our office is located. The company keeps a condo there, and I stay there three nights a week while I work. Sometimes I have to share it with others who are in town, but most nights I have it to myself. So far I've never had to share on a Monday night. 

When I arrived at the office, I made a beeline for Brenda's office. I usually do that anyway, and we plan out our week, but this time I had another motive. I had decided to play it casual and let her bring up the awkward parting in Phoenix. She didn't. She didn't even act the least bit affected by it. I blew if off, thinking that when the time was right for her, she would start talking. 

Midway through day, I made my way upstairs to chat with Molly. She beamed when she saw me walk in, and instantly I was hard! I quickly took a seat near her desk to hide my arousal.

"Hey Molly," I greeted her, "How was your trip back from Phoenix?"

"Oh, pretty uneventful, I guess. I ran into a friend in the airport during my layover, and we had a great talk. I was really excited to see him." She licked her lips.

"Really." It was a dumb-shit reply, but I had nothing. 

"Hey," she started, and then winked at me, "Vanessa and I are getting pizza tonight. Care to join us?" 

Shit yeah, I thought. Aloud I said, "Hmmm. No Monday Night Football tonight. No laundry to do. No serious work I have to do. Yeah, I guess I could. Wise Guys or McLane's?"

"How about South Valley?" she asked. 

"That'd be great. Who's driving? I'd be happy to."

"Well, how about we stop by the condo, and we can go from there."

She had such a wicked smile on her face that I knew exactly what she was thinking. 

"Perfect." I snuck a look over Molly's shoulder at Vanessa and could see her with her head down, pencil moving. I could tell she was listening to every word, and I thought she thought it was a total setup every bit as much as I did. I could hardly wait.

"See you around, say seven?" I stood to leave, my cock semi-flaccid and under control now. 

"Okay."

I floated out of the office and down the stairs to mine. This was gonna rock!

I left work early for me – an hour late by everyone else's standards. The shower felt great on my bare skin as I got ready for our date. It took all of my willpower to resist the urge to masturbate, 

Just a couple of minutes after seven there was a brusque knock on the front door. I was dressed and decent by then, except for my shoes. I opened the door to see a radiant Molly and a grinning Vanessa. 

"Hi. Come on in. I'm just about ready."

They came in and sat on the barstools at the counter. I offered them something to drink, and both opted for a Heineken. I hopped up on the counter and we started talking.

"I hear the sales meeting was a raging success, all kinds of things going and coming," Vanessa offered.

"That's one way of looking at it I suppose."

She put her hand on my thigh. "I'd like to hear all about it. It might take a while, but I'm all ears. And wetness."

I took her hand in mine, and bent down and kissed her. Her mouth opened and our tongues intertwined. I let go of her hand and put mine down her shirt as hers went to my crotch. I was hard with anticipation, and she massaged my cock. Her taste was sweet in my mouth, her tongue soft and wet, and she thoroughly explored me. Her breasts were small, yet full, and her nipples hardened to my touch. 

I snuck a peek over at Molly just in time to see her blouse unbuttoned and one hand feeling her own breast, the other up her short skirt. Vanessa and I kissed and felt each other up for a few more minutes, then paused to catch our breath.

"God, I am so ready for this," she breathed.

I stood and took each of them by the hand. "Let's go into the other room. We can get really comfortable there. No one was naked by the time we got to the master bedroom door, but all were there pretty quickly. I climbed onto the bed and they two younger women followed me. 

Molly and I began kissing, and I felt something warm on my hard cock. I could feel Vanessa's lips and mouth blowing me. She was good. Molly's tongue felt good in my mouth as well, and we got after it. She started moaning through her kisses, and I guessed that Vanessa was finger fucking her as we kissed. I was right.

"Have the two of you ever kissed?" I asked. They both smiled and laughed. The "no's" we simultaneous. "Well, it's about time," I said. "Here, kneel in front of me and kiss."

They approached the kiss tentatively, then touched lips. It was beautiful, and they kissed fully. Open mouth, sucking tongues, licking lips, kissing like they really did care for each other. They felt each other's breasts as they kissed, and I could see they were really turned on. 

"Now for something I have never experienced, but I have watched it on porn and have always wanted to do. While you are kissing, I want to slide my dick between your mouths and fuck your kiss. I stood and they kissed. My cock slid between their wet mouths and out the other side. I could feel both tongues and both sets of lips on it. Amazing.

I fucked them that way until I thought I might cum, and stopped. I wasn't ready for that just yet.

"Vanessa, I want you to lick Molly's very tasty pussy for me. I know it's tasty – I had it at Rancho. "Are you ready for it?"

"Oh god yes," she breathed. 

"Are you ready for that, Molly?"

"I have been for a long time."

"Then what the hell you waiting for? Go down on her, Vanessa."

She did. She slurped that pussy and licked her clit. She swallowed pussy juice and french kissed Molly's pussy. I enjoyed the show, then watched in fascination as Molly's climax hit, and she came in multiple waves of pleasure. 

"My turn," I announced, and placed my face in Vanessa's love spot. Her pussy was well trimmed, not quite hairless, clean, and already dripping cum. I lapped it up, and focused on kissing her pussy lips like I had kissed her mouth. Molly had begun to recover from her orgasm and was kissing her tenderly. 

I turned my attention to her clit, swirling it with my tongue, slowly and softly. Her hips trembled, and I knew she was close. I slipped a finger into her sopping pussy and took her clit into my mouth and sucked on it. Immediately she started fucking my face with her hips, cumming in a frenzy. I took it all and sucked her and drank her pussy juices. It was delicious!

As she came down from her climax, she asked, "Who are you going to fuck first?"

"Well, I've already fucked Molly, so I don't think I can take that back. Would you like to go next?"

Before I could draw another breath she had scrambled on top of me 'cowgirl style' and was sliding her wet pussy down my hard shaft. God, she was tight! She rocked up and down, fucking me and clasping my cock with her cunt. Molly came over and began kissing me as she had kissed Vanessa, purring into my mouth, feeling up Vanessa's tits and body.

My balls tightened up and I could feel the cum ready to spill. "I'm gonna cum. Do you want it in your pussy or your mouth?" I asked.

"Fill me up you bad boy."

I did. My cock jerked and fucked, spurted and shot out my hot cum. She rocked and rode and fucked me till I begged for mercy, so intense was my orgasm. 

"Oh god, stop," I begged. "There's no more cum left, and I can't take any more." Fortunately my cock started to soften, and slipped from her well-fucked pussy. Immediately Molly began licking and kissing my cock, cleaning up my cum and swallowing it. 

"Vanessa," she asked coyly, "could I please lick the cum from your pussy? I really want to lick you some more, and I want more cum."

By the time we finally got pizza, we were nearly starved. Once we had taken care of our hunger, we returned to the condo for dessert: Vanessa making Molly cum, and me fucking Molly. Vanessa got to lick her pussy clean. 

They spent the night, and we were all late for work. It was worth it.