 One evening, when I was taking a nap after a long day of productive work, the doorbell rang. I usually didn't open my door unless I was expecting someone, but I guess I was tired, since this time I did it without thinking.

Behind the door were standing three women dressed in identical mannish-looking but femininely cut suits and ties. Two of them were wearing sunglasses even though it was evening and they were indoors. I guessed the one in the front only didn't because she already had eyeglasses on her nose.

I stared at them for two seconds and said: "No, I don't want to hear why God makes people suffer, please go away." I started to close the door, but the one in the front with short blonde hair shoved her foot between the door.

"Hey, what are you doing?" I asked, as they forced their way in.

"Sit down, Mr. Decker," the blonde said in an ordering tone.

The other two, who were a tall freckled redhead with her hair in a ponytail and a Mediterranean-looking tanned girl with a massive cloud of black curls, appeared to be searching my room. The curly one closed the curtains and the redhead shoved me against the bed suggesting I should do as the blonde had ordered.

"That's not actually my real na-" I started, but I was interrupted by the blonde authoritatively raising her finger. She clearly was the leader of this group, whoever they were. The other two stood behind her with their arms crossed.

The pixie-haired blonde said: "We are from the M.I.A., Decker."

I had no idea what M.I.A. was, but since she was calling me by that name I had some idea what she might have been talking about. I tried to explain: "I know I have some weird fantasies, but you should know I don't really do any of that shit. Surely you know some real rapists and pedophiles and guys like that you should be arresting instead of me. "

The blonde raised her glasses with her little finger and looked at me accusingly as she spoke: "Yes, well, there are other people who do that. Our department's job is different, but it is no less important."

"And what is that?" I swallowed nervously, feeling that I might be in trouble, although I was not quite sure why. My writing might have been somewhat embarrassing, but as far as I knew fictional sex fantasies were not illegal even when presented in a written form.

The blonde pursed her lips and answered: "It is our responsibility to uphold the absolute highest standards for free internet porn, Mr. Decker."

"Err... What?"

"We have received several complaints from people who have said that while your stories made them come pretty hard, they were distinctly lacking in writing ability and their level of quality was below what is expected in our circles." Red and Curls nodded affirmingly behind Blonde as she said this. 

"Is this some kind of a candid camera show? I don't think you're allowed to just enter people's homes and film them without permission."

"Tsk-tsk-tsk." The blonde shook her head and adjusted her glasses again. "The standard of your writing is frankly put, appalling, and your stories practically have no plots and are ridiculously unrealistic. You also use lots of commas, except sometimes when you should be using them. You start sentences in absolutely improper fashion, as well as constantly screw up your prepositions, almost as if English wasn't your native tongue. We know your style, Decker."

"I can see you are a fan," I dryly commented. The curly-haired girl behind the blonde seemed almost to smile, as if she couldn't quite hold her composure.

The blonde agent went on: "For example, you might write about three random women randomly showing up at your door and telling they wanted to blow you for some completely outlandish reason, and you wouldn't give them any real characterization or even proper names."

"I don't think normal people really care about stuff like that when they want to wank off -"

"For your information, I am Vance," the cool blonde said. "This is Kensington," she added, pointing at the freckled redhead. Lastly she voiced: "She is Garcia," which was directed at the curly-haired tanned girl.

I moved my eyes from one to the other. I noticed their attractiveness and inquired: "Do you have first names too? Although I think Vance is kind of a sexy na-"

"Those are the only names you will need," the blonde hushed me. "Otherwise you might do something stupid like write us into one of your stories. That would be highly inappropriate."

"Right, right... So what happens now? Am I arrested or what?"

Vance raised her glasses with her forefinger and smiled as she said: "We are going to blow you, of course."

"Well sheeit..."

Vance became serious and lectured: "There actually is a very good story behind this, at first it is very important to understand that -"

I interrupted her myself this time, which seemed to irritate her. Vance was very sexy when she pursed her lips angrily, as I asked: "You don't really look like it, so I don't suppose there's any chance any of you three are related? That would be really hot, you know, and..."

"Unfortunately not, Decker. My sister is a librarian. But perhaps you'll meet her later. I believe she just started working in the local branch."

"What about your mother?"

"She is a lawyer, and you definitely will be meeting her at some point if you keep this up."

Vance snapped her fingers and ordered: "Clothes off!"

The other two women behind her immediately started undressing each other, revealing some of the most incredible sights of femininity I could ever have imagined.

Curly-haired Garcia looked somewhat alarmed when the redhead's hands lingered on her naked breasts, slowly drifting along their pleasant round shapes, her fingers stroking the other agent's dark nipples.

"Keep your hands to yourself, Kensington!" Vance howled angrily when she noticed that.

"Aww, boss, but she has really nice tits," the redhead complained, but she did move away from the curly-haired girl who was staring at her apprehensively with her big dark eyes.

"You too," Vance said, looking at me. She took off her own jacket and started unbuttoning the white shirt underneath.

I did as ordered, but told to the authoritative blonde: "Keep the tie on, Vance. And those glasses too. They are hot."

"You don't give the orders around here, Decker," Vance said, but she did keep the aforementioned items on, as well as the thigh length white silk stockings she wore underneath her slacks.

The other two girls preferred to accessorize less. The redhead still had her sunglasses on at the moment, but apart from those she only wore a small silver crucifix, which hung on a chain between her freckled breasts.

Garcia wore absolutely nothing, unless her magnificent hair counted. I'm sure it actually covered a larger portion of her body than whatever Kensington wore in her free time.

"Aren't they going to say anything?" I wondered, gesturing at Kensington and Garcia. "Or are they just here to add some variety to the action?"

Freckle-faced Kensington smiled charmingly as she took off her sunglasses. She licked their earpieces suggestively and spoke: "I already did, in case you didn't notice, when the boss told me to stop grabbing Garcia's tits. Anyway, we are going to swallow your balls dry even if it takes all night long, and if you must know, we have made a bet who gets you to shoot the biggest load. I guess I could also tell you about my hobbies, my pet kitten and my career interests, if you really want to hear about them, muffin." She had a British accent, but only the most accomplished of wordsmiths should attempt to represent such things in typography. Certainly not the kind of people who just put all those commas there.

"On the other hand, let's just skip that part," I concluded. My eyes appeared somewhat wide and a strange humming sound was ringing my ears because of blood suddenly rushing away from my brain. "I hope she's not some kind of an embarrassing ethnic stereotype, though," I said, gesturing at Garcia.

"Don't you worry about that," Garcia said, brushing her magnificent curls over her shoulder and blinking her long lashes at me. "I feel I too should say at least something before your balls are in my mouth, so I have to express my liking for your stories. They are somewhat crude, as Agent Vance said, but personally I find distinct charm, eloquence and appeal in them."

"I think I like you, Garcia," I said and smiled at her.

Vance looked angry again, but it was an attractive look for her.

"I don't really understand the complaints," the raven-haired beauty continued, "I have gotten off with them pretty well several times. I especially like the one where the guy's mom -"

"Garcia!" Vance sternly reprimanded the curly-haired daydreamer. "We are here on official business, so keep your personal opinions out of this!"

"Yes, boss," Garcia sighed, rolling her huge dark eyes.

Vance continued: "We are well aware, Decker, that you're some kind of a weird, but altogether too common kind of a pervert, who often prefers that women swallow sperm instead of having normal intercourse."

"Yeah, I don't really know myself what's up with that, but I don't feel like wasting the time analyzing myself when I'm jacking my dick. Although I wouldn't mind if you, like, shoved your tongue in Garcia a bit too if you really want some vaginal action. I like her thick bush, and I'm sure you will too."

"Mr. Decker! Do you really think all women are lesbians or bisexuals who like to do something like that?" Vance was really cute when she was angry, although her ice-blue eyes were somewhat frightening when they were staring at me like that.

"No, of course not," I said and smiled. "But do it anyway, and I promise to bang you if you really want it so much. Kensington can blow me first, while you have go at it. I'm sure that ponytail of hers will bounce nicely in the rhythm."

"My pleasure," Kensington purred and moved forward.

Vance looked angrily first at me and then at Garcia, who stared back at her. Her dark doe-eyes had suddenly widened.

"I don't really do girls, boss," Garcia spoke shyly, biting her lip and looking like a deer in headlights.

"Well..." Vance said and raised her glasses in a manner reminiscent of Horatio Caine. "I guess I will be the one doing the 'doing'. Not that I 'do girls' either, but in this line of work we must quickly adapt to new situations, as you well know, Agent Garcia. Now lie down."

"Aww, man..." Garcia sighed and looked at me like a sad puppy.

I nodded at her encouragingly as Kensington kneeled in front of me.

Garcia was now lying on the floor and she had propped herself up on her elbows. She slowly opened her legs wide, and Vance's blue gaze nervously alternated between her eyes and the thick dark bush between her thighs. Then the pixie-haired blonde bent down to give it a sweet tentative kiss, while keeping her eyes locked with Garcia's.

Kensington demanded attention by kissing my balls all over. I turned to look deep into her emerald eyes and brushed my fingers on her freckled shoulder as I softly whispered: "Try not to mind, but I have to look at them too, or my genitals would never forgive me."

"I would like to look too, if I wasn't on duty," Kensington acknowledged understandingly and then her kisses traveled up my hard and veiny shaft. She stared up at me with her big green eyes as she took it in her mouth and started sucking. With this the redhead proved to be quite talented at getting attention of her own.

"Oh my God..." I whimpered, as her head started moving up and down on my lap. This woman could make the pope shoot his load in two seconds with those lips. If she wanted to, that is. Her pretty freckled face and curious emerald eyes told me she was going to make this last as long as possible and make every second count.

On the floor, Garcia had raised herself to her elbows and was looking at the spectacled and pixie-haired blonde, whose nose was buried in the thick dark bush between her legs.

Vance was staring back at her intently with her deep blue eyes, and her tongue was making audible wet sounds as it penetrated into the other girl.

"A bit deeper, boss," Garcia whispered, biting her lip. "I'm sorry, I know it's difficult, but you know I said I don't really like girls and stuff."

Vance noticeably accelerated the pace, and Garcia shifted her beautiful hips and softly whispered: "You can do it, boss. I believe in you." Her breath was deepening.

Kensington's red ponytail started bouncing and swishing around more energetically as well. She kept constant eye contact, and her sensitive fingers knew exactly where and how to fondle, stroke and caress my hairy balls. I think her intention was to make me come simultaneously with Garcia.

"Yes, boss, yes!" the curly-haired girl was moaning on the floor. A shiver going through her thighs seemed to surprise Vance a bit.

"Oh God!" we both screamed simultaneously and came in our lovers' mouths.

Kensington swallowed and kept rhythmically bobbing her head. She knew exactly what she was doing, and how long she was going to be doing it. I came in long spurts, and the girl kept looking at me with her lusty green eyes and begging for more.

Judging from Vance's surprised look, she had gotten something in her mouth too, but she was considerate enough to just accept it and keep going. A nice deep blush was rising on Garcia's face, and her shapely breasts heaved and jiggled with the throes of her orgasm.

I collapsed from exhaustion as Kensington finally raised her head. Her freckled cheeks were bulging and she winked mischievously at me as she got up.

Garcia's eyes were closed and she was breathing heavily. Kensington went to surprise her with a kiss, spitting a big phlegmy glob of squirming sperm cells into her mouth.

"Mmp!" said the raven-haired goddess, her dark eyes opening wide, as she was equally surprised by the feminine kiss and the disgusting goo spilling into her mouth. Kensington kept her lips connected with the struggling girl's and caressed her throat with experienced fingers, making her swallow with a distinct "Ulk!" sound.

Garcia's thighs suddenly jerked next to her boss's concentrated face, which was buried nose deep between them. Despite the surprise gift she had gotten from the redhead, Garcia instinctively cuddled her close. Kensington used the chance to start fondling Garcia's ample breasts, while Vance kept giving a few more tender kisses between the her legs until her shivers had finally passed.

Garcia got up and glared at Kensington with confusion in her big dark eyes, but she was herself reprimanded by Vance's cold gaze in return, when the blonde raised her head from between her thighs. "You could have warned me you squirt, agent!" said the blonde bombshell.

"I'm real sorry, boss. I mean..." Garcia bit her lip adorably and stared at her toes.

"Oh, you two..." said Kensington, the freckled temptress, shaking her head. She quickly turned away when Vance's furious ice-eyes fell upon her, though.

"Kensington! What have I said about harassing Garcia?" her boss demanded.

"Yeah, yeah, whatever..." the redhead sighed, staring at the ceiling.

"Enough. I feel like having another round. You two come here," I said, meaning Kensington and Garcia. "Push your tits together, so my dick is between them, and work me like that. The boss gets to swallow this time."

Did I say Vance was really hot when she was angry? She certainly looked very hot now.

"What did I tell you about giving orders, Decker?" the blonde agent complained.

"I don't remember, but I wasn't talking to you anyway."

Kensington took Garcia's hand and pulled her along. "C'mon now, Garcia," she sighed, nodding her head. "A girl just touched you more inappropriately than this. And you quite obviously liked it too, I might add."

"Um... Err... Yeah." Garcia blushed shyly as Kensington pulled her along and they came to me.

I caressed Garcia's curls as the girls kneeled down. I looked at Garcia, who was biting her lip again, and spoke reassuringly: "Don't worry. Just get me going, and Vance will do the rest." I glanced at the angry blonde and added: "You come here too. You might be able to find something to do, and you have to be ready for the finale."

Vance tossed her head and hissed disdainfully, but she came along anyway. I guess her work ethics were important to her as a supervisor of the other two agents.

Kensington was sure to rub her erect nipples as much as possible against Garcia's as the two pushed their breasts together, engulfing my hard shaft with their pillowy softness. The redhead was also staring intently into the other girl's dark eyes as she started moving and fondling her breasts. It gave me wonderful sensations, and she was also directing the other girl to do the same. Garcia looked at me adorably and tried her best.

I caressed her back, feeling the mass of black curls tickling my fingers, and offered encouraging words: "Don't worry. Kensington just likes you too. it's perfectly understandable. You're so pretty. So is she. Look at her."

"Uh-huh." Garcia nodded and nervously locked her eyes with the redhead's, and they worked together in giving me more beautiful feelings.

Vance finally kneeled down as well. She pursed her lips angrily and then started caressing the other girls' beautifully rounded asses with her hands while giving some instructive comments: "Good, good, but do it a bit faster and try to bring out your inner tenderness."

Kensington obviously didn't really need the tips. She acknowledged that by giving a meaningful glance to my direction. Considering I was already throbbing between the girls' lovely and loving mammaries, I had to agree with the redhead.

Kensington was constantly making kissy faces at Garcia as the girls were jiggling their boobs together. When I said: "That's good, now it's Vance's turn," she tried to kiss her curly-haired crush, but Garcia moved away.

Vance moved forward and I was far too excited to listen to her complaints about ordering her around, so I just grabbed her short hair and pushed her head down. She didn't resist too much since she could sense I was really close to shooting my load, so she just stared at me accusingly over the rims of her glasses as she took my hard penis in her mouth.

I wouldn't normally use language like this, but I right now I thought it suited the situation well to loudly yell: "Swallow this, bitch!" when I came.

Kensington gave me a thumbs up for that behind her boss's back.

I ejaculated into Vance's mouth with a loud "Glurk!" -sound. The priceless look on her face when her cheeks suddenly bulged made it apparent she didn't really like this unlike Kensington, who seemed like bit of a slut, to be honest, if you don't mind the politically incorrect term and yet another overlong sentence with lots of commas.

"Oh my!" Kensington commented from behind Vance's back, hearing the gooey and weighty sound of semen shooting into the blonde's mouth.

Vance was a very career-oriented person, though, so she swallowed anyway and gagged only occasionally when a burst was a bit too juicy and voluminous. She wasn't very quick at it, so she had to be careful not to dribble. She had to shift each load around in her bulging cheeks several times before it went down.

I politely stroked Vance's short blonde pixie hair as I repeatedly shot gloopy jizz into her mouth. She looked at me with her blue eyes over the rim of her glasses. That gaze made it clear she wasn't savoring the moment. I hoped I didn't have to pay for this later. The last mouthful was the most difficult. Vance held her hand in front of her mouth, closed her eyes, and winced as she gulped.

Then Vance raised her head and adjusted her glasses, sternly reminding me: "Remember, Decker, that good writers do not write sound effects and stupid things like that. They are clearly against the writer's sacred art, and we have received several complaints about your uncouth use of them."
