 It had been three nights since Dan had seen Charlotte and after three mind numbingly dull days working up north he couldn't wait to get back to her. As the city loomed towards him on the horizon and and he saw the familiar skyline slowly fade into view, he moved into the fast lane and put his foot down. 

He hadn't been able to get her out of his mind while he'd been away and the pact they'd made before he'd left, that neither of them would masturbate while they were apart had meant he could barely think of anything else the whole time. 

They'd only been together for a couple of months but in that time he'd had the most amazing sex of his life. She'd been a revelation to him and he'd tried things with her that he hadn't even imagined in his wildest and hottest dreams. 

He was supposed to have been away for four nights but his boss had got food poisoning on the third night and so they'd cancelled the final day's events. 

When he'd realised he was getting away early he'd decided he would surprise Charlotte, but as he got closer to home he was starting to rethink his plans. He suddenly realised that if he didn't give her some sort of warning then she might have gone out shopping or have arranged a work call from home or something. He desperately needed to have her as soon as he walked through the door so he wanted her to be ready for him. 

"Hey Siri" he said out loud in the car. "Text Charlotte". 

"What do you want the message to say?" Replied the voice from his phone that was mounted on the dashboard. 

"I'll be with you in thirty minutes. When I get there I want to find you in bed with your pussy freshly shaved, wearing a short dress and no panties. I've missed you so badly and so has my cock." 

Siri flashed up the message on screen and asked if he wanted to send it. "Yes" he said and then heard the familiar whoosh of a departing text. It wasn't an elegantly constructed message but he hoped it would adequately convey the sentiment, along with the sense of urgency. 

The thought of his request and its hopeful impact on Charlotte meant that his cock was now straining hard against his pants. He had to shuffle in his seat to get comfortable again and the thought of her carrying out his commands made him want to drive even faster. His heart was racing as he thought of all the things he wanted to do to her. 

By the time he pulled up outside the apartment he still hadn't had a reply from her, but he was hoping that was because she'd sprung into action as soon as she'd received it. 

She'd given him a key to her flat so he let himself in and quickly moved towards her bedroom. The apartment was pretty dark but he could hear the fan on in the bedroom's ensuite bathroom so he knew she was home. His excitement grew as he stepped towards the bedroom door and he decided to greet her fully naked. He hastily stripped off his clothes before reaching out for the door handle and slowly pushing open the door. 

The room was in almost total darkness but with a sliver of light coming from underneath the bathroom door he could just make out the shape of a person on the bed. As his eyes became more accustomed to the light he could see she was lying face down with her hands and feet tied to each of the four corners of the bed. She was wearing a silk blindfold tied behind her head and she was wearing a black wig. 

Instead of wearing a short dress as he'd asked, she was completely naked, but seeing her pert buttocks and her spread legs in front of him he instantly forgave her not following his instructions to the letter. She had however followed his other instruction and was beautifully shaven. 

As she heard him slowly move towards her across the room she groaned with anticipation and arched her back, lifting her smooth and glistening pussy slightly towards him. His text had obviously had the desired effect on her. He knelt on the bed behind her and positioned himself between her legs. 

He delicately placed two fingers on her pussy lips and slowly explored her smooth folds. She was already very wet and her juices coated his fingers as he teased her with his gentle touch. Her moans increased and she began writhing on the bed, pushing herself harder against his fingers. 

He circled her swollen clit and spread her slippery lips apart. 

His cock felt ready to burst. He slipped two fingers deep inside her and then brought those fingers out and placed them onto the tip of his straining cock. He coated the head with her juices and mixed them with the large bead of pre-cum that had already formed there. He took the shaft in his left hand and guided the head towards the swollen lips in front of him while he held one of her firm thighs with his other hand. He stroked the tip up and down her slit - gently at first and then with increasing speed, teasing her clit with each passing stroke. 

After three days he simply couldn't wait any longer and with one hard thrust he slid his cock deep inside her until he felt his balls slap against her pussy. 

Just as he did this the room lit up from behind him. The door to the bathroom had swung open up and there, standing in the doorway, was Charlotte!

She stood there completely naked holding the eight inch dildo that they had previously made together from a kit using a cast of his own penis. 

The two of them stared at each other, wide eyed, while the woman on the bed (who it would now appear was definitely not Charlotte) continued to moan with pleasure. 

Dan was the first to speak. "Well, this is awkward," he said. "It would seem I have my cock inside someone who isn't you."

"It certainly looks that way from here," said Charlotte. "I didn't think you were due back until tomorrow!"

"I got out early." said Dan. 

"Well you've sort of spoilt the surprise I'm afraid. Although I suppose this is quite a surprise for all of us!"

The woman on the bed had turned her blindfolded head to try to work out what was going on and in the light Dan could now see that it wasn't a wig at all, and that it was simply a woman with black hair. Even with a blindfold on she was clearly a very beautiful woman and she had a very similar body shape to Charlotte. 

Dan pulled himself out of her apologetically but she just smiled at him seductively and said "it was a very welcome surprise for me. Please don't stop on my account". 

Dan turned to Charlotte with a confused look on his face. 

"I'd organised a threeseome for us for your return." said Charlotte. "Abbi wanted to know what you were like before she met you in the flesh so I was about to fuck her with the next best thing." and she held up the dildo in front of her. 

"But we said no orgasms until we saw each other again. Are you seriously telling me you weren't planning on cumming during this preview session?" asked Dan, with a look on his face that was part shock, part excitement. 

"Oh, of course I was planning on cumming," said Charlotte. "Abi's tongue is out of this world! However, what we actually said was that we wouldn't masturbate while we were apart. Not that we wouldn't cum." 

Dan had to give it to her that she had a point, and he made a mental note to be more careful with the wording of any future pacts. 

"Enough talking - let's get back to the fucking." said Abbi. "In case you hadn't noticed, I'm tied to the bed with a sopping wet pussy and an insatiable need to have that massive cock back inside me!"

"Well, you heard the girl." said Charlotte with a grin on her face. "We'll just have to bring my plans forward by 24 hours!"

It sounded like a pretty amazing idea to Dan so he turned around and lifted his still hard cock back to where it had been and this time very slowly slid it inside Abbi. 

Charlotte walked round to the side of the bed and pulled Dan's head towards her own and slid her tongue inside his mouth. She kissed him passionately and he felt her hand trace a line down his chest, over his abs and down to the base of his cock, which was now gently moving in and out of Abbi. 

"Oooh. She is wet isn't she?" whispered Charlotte. "I wonder what she tastes like?"

Charlotte knelt beside Dan and pulled his dick out of Abbi's pussy and sucked it into her own mouth in one fluid movement. She pushed her head down on his fat, engorged cock and he could feel the tip pushing hard against the back of her throat. Rather than stopping there he felt her try to actually swallow his cock and the constrictions of her throat massaged the head. The feeling was absolutely incredible. 

She finally released him from her grip and came up for air. "Mmmm, delicious." she panted breathlessly. 

"Give him back to me!" pleaded Abbi. Charlotte took hold of him again and guided his length back into her horny friend. 

He reached behind himself and untied both of Abbi's feet from the restraints while he carried on thrusting inside her. She scrambled up onto her knees and pushed back hard against each thrust. 

"I think I might need some attention here too." said Charlotte. She moved to untie both Abbi's hands and then sat with her back against the headrest and her knees apart and in the air. She took off the blindfold and offered her pussy to her friend who eagerly lent forward and buried her face in Charlotte's wetness, making loud moaning noises as Dan continued to fuck her from behind. 

Charlotte stroked her friend's hair and stared into Dan's eyes while her friend's head moved up and down in her lap. "Is her pussy as tight as mine baby?" she asked with wide, doe eyes. 

"I don't know," he said, somewhat evasively, not really knowing what the right answer to that question was. "I might need you to remind me how tight yours is."

"Well let's swap over then and you can compare tightness" she grinned. 

Charlotte moved over to replace Abbi and picked up the dildo as she did so. Abbi moved to sit, spread legged in front of Charlotte's face. Dan gently stroked Charlotte's pussy with his fingers and then quickly entered her, his dick still glistening with Abbi's juices. 

"Oh fuck. You're so tight, but you're so wet." he moaned. 

"Mmmmm, she's got you so hard for me baby. Your cock feels incredible."

Charlotte lifted up the dildo likeness of Dan's big cock and spat on the tip. She used her fingers to hold Abbi's lips apart and slipped the toy into her friend. All three of them were moaning with pleasure. 

"How does it feel to watch your cock satisfying two women at one?" Asked Charlotte over her shoulder. 

"Fucking incredible" grunted Dan. "In fact It's so incredible I think I'm about to cum!"

"Cum inside my pussy baby." whimpered Charlotte. "I need to feel your hot cum deep inside me."

With one last thrust of his hips Dan released what felt like the biggest load of his life. He felt stream after stream of spunk splash into her tight wet pussy and his orgasm lasted for about fifteen seconds. 

As it finally subsided, he dropped back on the bed, exhausted and shimmering with sweat. 

"Let me at it!" grinned Abbi and she deftly slid under her friend's legs while on her back and the girls began to 69 each other. Dan watched as Abbi spread Charlotte's thighs apart with her hands and lapped up his cum as it slowly dribbled out of her hole. 

Charlotte was still going to town on Abbi's pussy with the dildo and both of them were clearly on the verge of orgasm. 

The moans and screams became louder and louder until both the women finally came in unison, jerking involuntarily at the strength of their mutual orgasms. 

Dan watched in a state of bliss as the two naked bodies collapsed in a satisfied, cum-and-saliva-soaked pile. 

He stroked the two taut, tanned bodies in from of him as they all caught their breath. 

"Surprise!" smiled Charlotte. 

"Oh, don't worry." grinned Dan. "I still promise to act surprised tomorrow, when you organise that threesome for us."