 Just to refresh your memory I reproduce here the last few words of part 2. 

Ten years went by. 

During these years, in the beginning Razia and I exchanged letters nearly every month but soon it came down to a New Year greeting card once a year. A couple of years later this also stopped. In other words I lost contact with her completely. In these years I did not visit 'The Vacation Inn' thus losing contact with Shanti also. 

Then an assignment took me to the movie capital of the south. The hotel I chose to stay in was not ultra modern but had earned itself a reputation of having clean rooms, great food and down to earth prices. I arrived here ten days ago and expected to stay for another fortnight or so. 

One late afternoon while I drank my afternoon tea in the coffee shop a young man of 15/16 years of age approached me, 'Excuse me sir are you by any chance Mr. Saheb Sahebji?' 

'Yes son I am Saheb Sahebji but I regret I have not been able to place you' I replied. 

'I didn't expect you to sir' he smiled, 'it was a long time ago that we met, ten years to be more precise'. 

'Really, why don't sit down and tell me your name; maybe it will ring a bell' I suggested. 

'Sorry sir in my excitement of meeting you I forgot my manners. My name is Rashid. We met ten years ago on a holiday with my mother and sister' he said. 

'Oh my god you are Razia Khan's son. Sit down son, sit down and tell me what you are doing in this city?' I asked excitedly. 

'Sir we live here' Rashid replied. 

'Since when? I thought you lived in....' I asked surprised. 

'We used to but we shifted here about three years back'.

'How are your mother and your sister?' I inquired.

'They are well but mommy still feels the loss of uncle Habib' Rashid said. 

'I beg your pardon what did you say?' I asked surprised. 

'Oh you don't know? I will explain. I think you know that few months after we returned from our holiday my mother married Mr. Habib Mirza, the lawyer'. 

'Yes that is so' I nodded. 

'Three years ago we discovered that uncle Habib, that is how appa (elder sister) and I addressed our stepfather, was suffering from cancer. As the hospitals in this city were better equipped to treat cancer patients we took up residence here. Unfortunately his cancer was in a very advanced stage and despite best of treatment that money could buy uncle Habib did not survive the first year. We never did go back and settled here permanently' Rashid explained, 'does mommy know that you are in town?' 

'I am sorry to hear about your stepfather' I replied sympathetically, 'no she doesn't. I did not even know that you lived here. Tell me what are you doing in this hotel?' 

'I am here with some friends' he smiled pointing to a table on which four youngsters were seated, 'I am going back to the boarding school tonight and my friends are giving me a small farewell party'. 

'That is very nice. Let me not keep you from your friends. Just give me your telephone number, I will call your mother later. Do me a favor son don't tell her that you met me, I want to surprise her'. 

'Sure what ever you say' he said giving me the number stood up to leave, 'good bye sir it was a pleasure to see you again' 

'You too son. Have a good time and study diligently' I said.   

That evening after dinner I called Razia. A maid attended the phone. 'Madam had gone to the railway station to see off master Rashid. Let me check if she is back' she said. In the background I heard Razia say, 'Mary I am tired. I don't want to speak to anyone. Who is on the line?' 

'It is a gentleman. He wants to talk to you. He says his name is Saheb Sahebji' the maid replied. 

'Mary give me the phone immediately' I heard Razia shout with subdued excitement in her voice. 

'Hello Razia it is Saheb Sahebji speaking' I said. 

Razia shouted, 'SAAHHHEBB SAAHHEEBBJJIIIII' so loudly into the receiver that it nearly damaged my eardrum and a barrage of questions followed, 'From where are you speaking? How long are you here? Where are you staying?' 'Why haven't you come to see me?'

Now for part 3:

'I have been here ten days now and am speaking from the hotel I am staying in' I replied. 

'Why did you not tell me you were coming and why are you staying in a hotel when I have loads of space in my house?' she complained. 

'The answer to both your questions is that I did not know you lived here now' I replied. 

'You are right how could you know' she said, 'tell me when are you coming to see me? Why don't you come right now?' 

'Not now it is late but I will see you tomorrow evening around six if it is convenient?' I inquired. 

'Of course silly, it is okay. Listen I want you to check out from the hotel and stay with me. I have lots of spare room' she suggested. 

'Thanks a lot Razia I will see you tomorrow at six' I said, 'hey tell me how did you find out that I am here?' she asked. 

'I will tell you tomorrow' I laughed and signed off. I was so excited at the prospect of meeting Razia again that I hardly slept that night. The following evening I checked out and reached Razia's house. Razia greeted me warmly and asked Mary to show me to the guestroom. 

After a wash when I entered the sitting room Razia was on the phone. I overheard her part of the conversation. 'Yes........What are saying ....You are having problems.........Oh no!..... I am confident that you will overcome this problem..........Okay, keep me posted.....Bye.  

I raised my eyebrow in inquiry. She said, 'It was a friend and she is having some problems. She will be okay. Forget her. Come let us talk. Razia repeated all that Rashid had told me about her husband. I expressed my condolences at her loss. 'You can't escape your fate' she said philosophically, 'let us talk about something else, you tell me what you have been doing with yourself?'

'The same except that I got married' I said. 

'Any children?' Razia asked. 

'Yes two like you, a boy and a girl' I replied, 'that reminds me how is Shabnam she must be a big girl now?' 

'Yes she over eighteen now and very, very beautiful' Razia said. 

'Is this mother's love speaking or...' I asked smiling. 

'No truly she is very pretty. You will say the same when you meet her'. 

'When will that be?' I asked. 

'Not for another six days. She has gone on a trip organized by her school. She returns late Thursday night. Rashid is now sixteen but he is away in boarding school. Actually he left only last night pity you missed him'. 

'No I did not. I met him yesterday afternoon. How do you think I found out that you were here? He told me' I said. 

'You mean to tell me that rascal Rashid knew you were here and did not say a word to me' she asked incredulously. 

'Don't blame him I had requested him not to tell you. I wanted to surprise you' I replied grinning. 

'Surprise me! That you did. You are right that rascal always did listen to you more than his mommy' she said wistfully. 

'Razia what do you do the whole day? It must be quite boring living alone like this' I asked. 

'No it is not boring. I keep myself busy doing voluntary social work. I am attached to an organization, which helps destitute women to find their feet again. I have an office there. I have been associated with this body since many years. Earlier I used to give them monetary donations but when I shifted here they invited me to join their governing body. For example I got my both maids Mary and Maya through this organization. Mary's husband threw her out for being unfaithful and Maya had an unfortunate marriage as a result she ran away from her home. The work is very satisfying'. 

At dinnertime I looked at both the maids more closely. Mary was around 25/26 year old, 5' 6" tall, slim, quite pretty with soft dreamy eyes. In contrast Maya was a slip of a girl with a charming face and a girlish figure. Her hair woven in two plats rested leisurely on her small school girlish tits. In my opinion she did not look a day older than 15. 

'Razia you said that Maya has been married but to me she looks very young' I asked. 

Razia laughed, 'She looks young but I assure you that she is 21. We make quite a thorough check on the all women who approach us for help. Maya how old are you?' 

'Me? Madam I will be 21 in a few months' Maya replied.

'Convinced?' Razia asked laughing. I nodded. 

After dinner we talked some more then Razia yawned, 'Sahebji I have had a hard day I think it is time to go to bed. Good night I will see you in the morning'. 

In my room I changed into my night suit and lay down. I was very disappointed. The way Razia had greeted me on the phone yesterday, I had fond hopes that we would pick up our relationship from where we left it ten years ago. Unfortunately during the whole evening except for one oblique reference about Rashid listening to me more than her she did not say a word about our holiday together. As I was getting ready to sleep the intercom buzzed. Picking up the receiver I said, 'Yes'. 

'Aren't you coming? I am waiting for you' I heard Razia complain. 

Surprised I asked, 'Waiting for me where? What for?' 

'Naked in bed Mr. Dumbo where else. Wanting to make wild love to you all night' she giggled. 

This was a very pleasant surprise. 'Give me ten minutes and I will be with you' I replied happily. 

'Don't be late otherwise I will start without you' she threatened. 

'No, don't you dare do that. I will be there in just ten minutes' I promised. 

Hurriedly I shaved and took a quick shower. As I was wearing my dressing gown over my pajamas it struck me that what had just happened was a rerun of the events of ten-year ago but with reversed roles. I also remembered that she had also promised to be with me in ten minutes but made me wait for twenty minutes before she came. I decided to wait ten more minutes. While waiting I discarded the pajama suit and smoked a leisurely cigarette. 

Twenty minutes later clad only in my dressing gown I entered her room. She jumped out of bed and embraced me. Kissing me and removing the dressing gown she said, 'Darling aren't you a little over dressed for the occasion?'

 'Brr it is cold' I laughed. 

'Don't worry sweetheart my tandoor (oven)', pointing towards her crotch,  'will soon warm you' she said and catching me by my erection pulled me into the bed. 

'Sahebji fuck me quickly. Just thinking about your big lund I have not slept a wink since yesterday'.  

'AAHHH' she sighed as I entered her, 'oh your laurda feels just as good as it did ten years ago'. 

I started the in and out motion. I fucked her with slow long strokes but kept varying the length and speed of my movement. Soon she was in throes of pleasure. Her hips were moving in rhythm of my strokes. She shouted, 'Y..hes like this. I haven't had a man inside me for years. God it feels soooo good. Haan aur zor se chodo. Darling chod chod kar meri choot ka keema bana do (Yes fuck me harder. Make mince meat out of my cunt). Her back arched to meet each stroke. 'Y..hes I am nearly there. Y..hes. y..hes I AM THERE OHH, OHH I AMM COOMMMIIINNNGGG' she screamed and fell back exhausted. As I had not fucked for mant days I could not hold back too long and after a few more strokes with a loud grunt I shot my load into her.  

As I lit a cigarette Razia cuddled up to me. Smiling she asked, 'Thank you Sahebji it was really great. What do you think of my surprise?' 

'As usual most wonderful. I was so disappointed when you did not say a word about the good times we had together ten years ago. I had thought you had forgotten them but when you called me I was so happy that I nearly broke out in a song. You are great you even managed to recreate how it all happened' I said lauding her effort. 

'How can I forget that wonderful holiday and especially our first night? Yes I wanted to do it exactly how it happened the first time. I am so glad that you remembered. You even made me wait the extra ten minutes' she said giggling. That night we fucked three more times and went to sleep. 

In the morning Maya brought morning tea for Razia. She was shocked to see me in her mistress's bed and exclaimed, 'Madam did master sleep here the whole night?' 

'Nahin pagli pahele master ne mujhe chaar baari choda phir soye (No stupid, first master fucked me four times then he slept)' Razia replied giggling. Maya blushed and started to leave. 

'Ruk! Tunne bhi tau kayi saalon se nahin chudwaya hai. Kyon nahin tu bhi apne ko master se chudwale? (Stop! You have also not been fucked for many years. Why don't you get yourself fucked by master?)' Razia said pulling off the sheet covering my nakedness.  

I was watching Maya closely and the thought of fucking a new choot made me hard. Maya grinned and moved towards the bed but on seeing my erection stopped half way. 'Nahin madam master ka laurda bahut barda aur mota hai. Main dard ke maare mar jauingi (No madam master's cock is very large and thick. I will die of pain)' she said and ran out of the room. 

Razia laughed loudly and shouted after her, 'Coward'. 

'Razia darling you seem to be quite free with your maid' I remarked. 

'Yes you are right but I didn't want it this way it just happened' Razia said.

'Tell me how?' I asked. 

'It started with Mary. Mary came to work for me about three months before Habib died. She was an ideal maid. One morning after three or was it four months after Habib had passed on Mary said to me, 'Madam you are looking very exhausted and tired'. 

'Yes Mary I am. I have not been sleeping well for last few weeks' I replied. She mumbled some sympathetic words and I forgot about it. The same night when I was getting ready to go to bed Mary came in with a large bowl of oil. 

'Mary what are you doing in my room at this late hour. What have got in your hand?' I asked. 

'Madam I have come to give you a massage. It will relax you and help you sleep better' she replied. I didn't want a massage and told her so but she insisted. 

'There is no harm in trying' I thought then turning to her I said, 'I will give it a try but please don't press too hard'. 

She asked me to undress and lie down face down. Not wanting to expose myself fully in front of a maid I lay down wearing a bra and panties. She lit a small lamp under the oil bowl to keep the oil warm. She then commenced to give me a massage. 

She started by pressing my feet then she pressed my whole body moving up and down. Her hands were soft yet firm. Her manipulations were very soothing.  While she pressed my limbs she touched and pressed some nerves, which relaxed me. I started to feel drowsy. Then suddenly she ran her fingertips lightly up and down on the insides of my legs. 'Ooo it felt so nice' I moaned, 'Mary do it again'. 

'Yes madam' she replied but moved to running her finger tips down my spine. This made me tremble. Sahebji she knew exactly what she was doing. She touched and pressed various erogenous spots on my body. I was getting aroused and moaned loudly, 'Oh Mary. Oh Mary'. 

Mary stopped and went back to my legs but this time she ran her fingernails up and down. It hurt a bit but was also very arousing. Suddenly I felt drops of hot oil falling at different spots on my spine. This made me jump, 'Oh Mary it feels soo good' I moaned.

She then rubbed oil on my back and pressed the fleshy part of my tits, which stuck out from my bra to the sides. It felt really very nice. I don't recall when she unclasped my bra. Turning me over she ran her nails from my toes up my inner thighs. My legs separated wanting her to go higher and higher but she stopped well short of my panties. I am sure she could see the wet spot of my arousal on my panties. 

She then pressed my tits but was careful not to touch my nipples. As I was enjoying her manipulations I felt two drops of hot oil fall on my erect nipples. 'Oooo Mary it feels great but please don't burn me' I panted. 'Yes ma'am' she replied and proceeded to spread the oil on both my nipples simultaneously by circular motion of her fingertips. As the oil got absorbed her fingers rubbed my nipples harder and harder. 

I lay with my eyes closed enjoying the sensations her fingers were producing. She then bent down and bit my nipples ever so lightly. It was only now that I realized what she was really up to. 

'No Mary stop, this is not right. You shouldn't do this' I moaned.

'Yes ma'am' she said but continued undeterred. 

After spending a minute on each nipple she started to tweak them. I shouted, 'STOP IT MARY'. 

She stopped but immediately but thereafter I felt two drops of hot oil fall on my navel. She put a finger in the navel and rotated it hard. This made my bottoms jump. As I was in the air she hooked her fingers in the band of my panties and pulled them down, not fully but just over turned them. The crotch of the panties was still stuck to my wet choot. She then applied hot oil on the side of my cunt lips but studiously avoided touching them. I relaxed. 

Then came her master move. She dipped two fingers in the hot oil and ran it up and down between the lips of my bur (cunt). Believe me Sahebji it felt great. I felt as if a hot cock is moving up and down my nether lips. I moaned loudly. I was now completely submerged in passion. I wanted her to lick and suck my choot. She then squeezed my clit between he fingers. 'UUUAAA' I shouted with rising passion. 

She stopped as suddenly as she had started and ran her nail up from my toe towards my cunt. On the way down she took my panties with her. As she moved up again my legs opened wide invitingly. She then spread my cunt lips with her fingers and put her tongue to my choot and slowly started to lick it. I was in heaven. She licked and bit on my clit. I was wild with lust.  Then suddenly she pushed her tongue inside my cunt hole. 'AAAGGGHR' I shouted and came. 

She continued to lick, suck and tongue fuck me for over thirty minutes. I came and came. I don't recall how often I released my juices. I was exhausted from cumming. I wanted her to stop but no words would come out of my mouth. My mouth was dry and I was gasping for breath but Mary kept on and on. At last I caught her by her hair and pulled her off. 

'No more Mary no more' I managed to gasp, ' I am exhausted. I can't take it any more'. Mary smiled and covering me with a sheet left saying, 'Good night madam sleep well'. The minute I closed my eyes I fell asleep. 

The next morning when I got up it was already past ten. Mary brought my tea and with a smile asked, 'Madam did you sleep well?' 

'Like a log Mary. You were wonderful last night. I did not know that you liked women' I replied. 

'No madam I am not a lesbian. I love a cock much too much for that' she said. 

'Yes that is what I recall. It was this love that got you thrown out of your house but then where did you learn to eat ... er..  give a massage like an expert? 

'It is a long story' She said. 

'Come sit here' I said patting the edge of my bed, 'tell me I have time'. 

'From childhood I was a horny girl and masturbated often. My first lesbian experience took place few months after my eighteenth birthday' Mary narrated,  'one afternoon when I was returning from school I got caught in a sudden cloud burst and got drenched. When I reached home I found no one there and the door was locked. I stood shivering under a tree waiting for my parents to return. 

Our neighbor Miss Joseph called out to me, 'Mary come here otherwise you will catch pneumonia'. Gratefully I went to her house. Miss Joseph, a spinster was about fifty years old with a thin wiry figure. She did not work and had no visible source of income. Later I found out that her parents had left her a small annuity and she lived on the income received from it. The reason that she never married became apparent to me later. She was a confirmed lesbian. All the children of the locality called her auntie. 
