 Clifton Reeves kept covered in a large dirty clothes bin in the girl's locker room and waited for the arrival of the object of his filthy desires, Miriam Frazier. He had secretly been in lust with her ever since he first laid eyes on her colossal chest melons 5 years ago. Ravenswood had some of the worse math scores in the state and Clifton was transferred to Ravenswood to help change that.

When he was first introduced to Miriam, she came off as an oddball, lack fashion sense, and really knew how to suck up to the principle and others with higher authority. She didn't seem shy with the fact that gigantic boobs were the center of attention. From what Clifton had heard, Miriam was pretty outgoing except when it came to guys. She was shy around men and that only made him want to get even closer to her. Clifton would slowly engaged Miriam in conversations and occasionally asked to join her for lunch since she always sat alone. He tried to be flirtatious with her but she merely shied away, not giving him any clear reasons why she wouldn't be interested in him, not even the obvious fact that she was taller than him. He knew Miriam wasn't married nor dating anyone exclusively. The biggest shock came when Clifton found out she never had a boyfriend. It made him wonder if Miriam, at the age of 34, was still a virgin?

Miriam would by no means win a beauty contest but with breasts close to the size and heft of watermelons, what red-bloodied man wouldn't be horny enough to fuck her and get his hungry lips and paws on her heavy hooters. Clifton was more challenged than ever to find out everything about Miriam which included spying on her. 

Recently, Miriam was named head coach of the Ravenswood girl's basketball team by kissing up to her high school principle. Clifton knew the basketball season schedule that included practice times. On those nights, he would hideout in the dirty clothes bin and wait for Miriam's arrival. There was a peephole in the dirty clothes bin that was large enough to see out of but not noticeable on the outside. In the meantime, Clifton enjoyed seeing the entire girls basketball team as they changed into their outfits and unfortunately, none of them were as overly developed as Miriam.

Clifton waited keenly with just the mere thoughts of Miriam and her monstrous watermelons running threw his head and hardening his cock. Suddenly, he heard the girl's locker room door swing open and close. Two female members of the basketball team, both 18, entered and were obviously running late for practice. Neither of them had boobs, much like all female basketball players but Clifton was interested enough as he overheard them talking about their busty coach.

"Mrs. Goody Good Frazier needs to get a handle on those stupid cow boobies of hers. They bounce more than the basketballs."

"Yeah, talk about serious back problems. My boyfriend calls them mastadonic magumbos. They get him hard during all the games, than he fucks me hard after all the games."

"Well someone needs to fuck Ms. Frazier. Can't believe she never been laid before. She never even had a boyfriend before."

Clifton's suspicious were confirmed. Her oversized behemoths had never been touched by man hands, let alone her pussy. The thought of being her first harden his cock rock solid and he stroked it through his jeans in anticipation of her arrival...

***

Frank waited with much anticipation of his own as Vanessa unhooked her giant 40I beige-colored bra and threw it on the enormous, noticeable bulge in his jeans.

"My God!" Frank exclaimed with mounted lust.

"Told you those babies were ridiculously enormous! Just look at those small, cherry nipples begging to be sucked on," teased Brie. Vanessa giggled and smiled at Frank's astonishment.

The trio were inside Brie's bedroom that had a much bigger bed than Vanessa's. Brie had on a flower dress and was barefooted on the bed while Frank only had his shoes off. Vanessa was on her knees on the bed before the two of them with her humongous, plump tits exposed and hanging full and heavy from her chest. Her upper chest was lightly-covered in freckles while the massive, soft globes pouring from her chest had several blue veins coursing through their milky white surface, average sized dark-pink areolas and tiny but thick cherry nipples. Frank felt his huge cock ready to burst from the seams of his jeans just looking at Vanessa's humongous flesh bags. He cupped one huge slab of her giant soft tit using both of his large hands, felt around it and marveled that the tremendous weight. He leaned down and took her erected red nipple between his lips. He buried his face deep into the squashy tit flesh as he sucked on her nipple. Vanessa gasped and ran her hands all over his back.

"God, yes! Suck my titties. Ohhh god!" she moaned. Her tiny nipple became as hard as a pebble in Frank's mouth. He sucked the areola into his mouth and played with the surrounding flesh with his tongue. He nuzzled his face in the yielding mass of her gigantic tit and sucked harder on her nipple and areola. Vanessa's trembling hands began to unbutton Frank's dress shirt and Brie helped her take if off. 

Frank alternated between thoroughly sucking Vanessa's fat heavy titties, as Brie was bended over and started unbuckling his jeans. Frank felt his jeans and boxers slide down his legs and off. His massive cock sprang up, thick, throbbing, and hard in Brie's direction. She curled her fingers around his raging shaft, causing him to moan with his mouthful of her best friend's huge boobs.

"Wow Frank! You're much larger then my last boyfriend," Brie commented, as she leaned over and engulfed the bulbous head of his manhood into her warm mouth. She slowly took more of his meaty cock between her lips. He fell back onto the bed and groaned deep in Vanessa's giant tit bags as her mouth pleasured him. His thick shaft disappeared between her sensuous lips then reappeared as she moved her head up and down in a classic bobbing style. Vanessa let out a series of moans as Frank continued his oral assault on her nipples, nibbling them gently, tugging on them, rolling his tongue on them, and sucking on them as if he was a baby seeking it's mother's milk.

"Suck those huge titties Frank while I suck your huge dick," Brie moaned, cupping his balls and caressing them as she gobbled down his cock, using every muscle of her mouth to satisfy him. She pulled his wet cock from her mouth and slowly dragged her hot tongue up and down every side of his throbbing cock. She licked around the fat mushroom head of his tool and suckled it into her mouth. Frank loved a good sucking job and Brie was going above and beyond to polish his cock.

"My God!" exclaimed Vanessa, as she saw the entire length of Frank's incredible cock.

"This huge cock is going to please the both of us tonight, Vanessa. I can't wait to see him fuck you," Brie spoke in between sucking the head of his dick. "Finish getting undress so Frank can see your beautiful pussy mound and that big gorgeous ass." 

Vanessa pulled her monster tits from Frank's hungry grasp and stripped off the rest of her clothes. She was thick in all the right places and Frank groaned seeing her ample ass and her neatly trimmed pussy. She laid back down next to Frank, flopping her massive melons onto his chest and kissed him passionately. Frank's hands roamed all over her body, manly her huge ponderous tits and big soft ass while Brie zealously sucked his enormous cock and fondled his balls.

***

About five minutes after the two female basketball players had left, Miriam entered into Clifton's lustful sights with her gym bag in tow. Clifton anticipated this moment every each time he laid dormant in the girl's locker room. He held his painfully throbbing erection in his hand as Miriam lifted up her oversized t-shirt and drop to the floor. Clifton groaned softly, stroking his hard dick as he got an eyeful of Miriam's mammoth 34HH burgundy brassiere that barely contained her full watermelons in each cup. Due to the burdensome weight of her staggeringly monstrous breasts, her custom-made brassiere sagged close to her navel. Clifton prayed every night that one day Miriam would reveal her gargantuan jugs in their bare flesh but seeing her in a bra was just as equally exciting for him and his diamond-hard cock.

The hammock like brassiere strained at the seams to hold Miriam's whopping giants. Her boobs swelled and pushed against the material from every angle, flowing out from the sides and over the tops of the lacy cups and created a vast field of ghostly-white, soft skin that was divided by an endlessly long and deep gorge of cleavage. Thanks to her Amazon statue, Miriam carried her mammoth melon slopes with little to no back pain. Her only problem was it was difficult to see her feet over them.

Clifton stared intensely, jerking his hard throbbing manhood as Miriam continued to undress before his horny eyes. She kicked off her pink high tops and escaped from her skinny bellbottom jeans, all while her titanic tits shifted and swayed heavy in their cups. The rest of her broad body wasn't as generous. She had a muffin top and thick thighs with skinny long legs. From behind, she had an arc in her upper back while the rest of her back was flat including her ass in a pair of cotton white granny panties. Miriam might not be every guy's taste but Clifton found her to be his dream come true and spend a fortune on tissue and lotion, spewing his thick wads of cum thinking about Miriam and all the wayward things he would do to her...

***

Frank groaned as this chucky, 20 something year old girl was impaling herself on his massively hard cock with her neatly trimmed yet tremendously wet pussy. He held onto her big, ample ass as she pounced on him. His eyes moved up and down with the motions of her gigantic flying tits.

"Fuck him Vanessa! That's it! Ride that cock. Bounce those huge titties up in your face," urged on Brie, as she laid next to Frank in only her big white lacy bra and white panties. She nibbled and suckled on his neck while her best friend fucked herself on his throbbing, fat dick.

"OHHHH GOD, BRIE! OHHHH GOD!" cried out Vanessa, as she slid her drenched, warm pussy up and down Frank's rigid tool. His cock was all juiced up from the massive leakage of wetness Vanessa's pussy produced that made it easier for her pussy to slide entirely down upon with each bounce. Vanessa locked her feet under his thighs and rode him forwards and backwards. She leaned down and buried Frank's face with her mountainous soft, formidable breasts. She heard him moaning and groaning into the long, sweaty gorge of cleavage as he put his mouth to work on her flesh. Her plump body didn't feel too heavy on top of him as her voluptuous softness only excited his cock more.

"Hate to say it Frank, but your face looks much better trapped between a pair of huge titties," Brie said. "Smother him Vanessa. Pummel Mr. Spellman's face with your boobs for always sneaking peeks down your shirts during class. Beat his face in."

Still somewhat coherent, Vanessa smothered Frank's face in an avalanche of gigantic, spongy tit flesh. Frank feverishly sucked and licked any part of her bulbous balloons near his mouth. He felt her pussy trembling around his swollen thick member. He started driving his hard cock into her pussy with jack-hammering aggression, sliding his enormous cock up as deep as he could go, all the way to his balls. They both cried out from the amazing sensation and their slippery bodies slapped together as they fucked hard.

***

Clifton's body shedder as his cock pumped out a large, sticky load as he ogled Miriam in just her humongous bra, panties, and socks. She began to put on her basketball coaching uniform. It wasn't any thing fancy since the school was low on funds and couldn't afford a uniform specifically for the coach. So the school staff members gave her hand-me-down clothes matching the school's colors; teal green and purple. She put on the two sizes to small purple t-shirt with the school's name, hand-stitched in white lettering across the upper slopes of her breasts before they torpedoed outwards from her chest and a pair of teal green track pants. The shirt loosely draped over her titanic knockers. A cold draft must had blown in that caused Miriam's nipples to harden and stick out embarrassingly. 

"For a woman who is incredibly shy around men, she has no problem displaying the biggest fucking tits I've ever seen!" Clifton groaned. He felt his flaccid cock hardening again. He watched as Miriam walked out of the girl's locker room with her ponderous knockers swaying lewdly from left and right, up and down perceptibly. Clifton's cock had reached it's harden peaks. He waited a few minutes to make sure the coast was clear before he exited the dirty clothes bin.

After seeing Miriam in her undergarments and the tight-fitting shirt that outlined her monster twin peaks and erected teats, Clifton knew he wouldn't be able to sleep tonight unless he rid himself of his throbbing hard-on.

"Guess it's Internet porn tonight... again."

***

Frank drilled his enormous cock as deep as it would go inside Vanessa's hot pussy, as he was kneeled behind her and rammed her hard in his favorite position.

"How does that feel Vanessa? That huge, thick hard cock probing your insides? I bet Manu never felt this good," Brie teased. Vanessa responded to her friend in a series of grunts and moans, as her pussy was being worked by her English Teacher. Manu was Vanessa's ex-boyfriend and the man she loss her virginity too. His cock wasn't as nearly huge and thick like Frank's. Frank had become only the second man to thrust his cock in her pussy and he was hitting spots Manu never could.

Frank leaned over, reached under and clutched what he could of Vanessa's swinging fat slabs of flesh. Her canon-ball tits swayed and flopped ballistic beneath her and Frank's only solid hold on them were tugging at her hard nipples. He started to hammer her pussy really deep, making each stroke sank further into the depths of her wet pussy. It wasn't long after he felt her pussy tightening it's grip and spamming around his shaft. Vanessa let out a long, screeching moan as she came.

"AHHHhhhhh fuck! Ohhh GOD! Ohhhh GOD!" she cried, feeling an unbelievable orgasm through out her entire trembling body. Frank didn't let up and continued to pistol his meaty dick deep into the core of her cunt, all the way to his balls. His hands were still groping at her ridiculously enormous swaying breasts. 

With the combination of her pussy engulfing his cock, his hands buried in massive slabs of wobbly tit flesh and her large ass pushing against his groin, Frank felt his orgasm nearing it's peak.

"Frank looks like he wants to cum! Release yourself Frank. Blow your hot cum all over Vanessa's big titties. Let yourself loose on them, Frank." Before today, Frank had no idea sweet, innocence looking Brie had such a dirty mouth that made it just as unbearable for him to continue fucking her best friend as fucking her best friend itself. He pulled out of Vanessa and she quickly turned around and tucked her arms under her giant boobs. All it took was a couple of strokes on his slick cock and Frank exploded all of his dirty deeds on Vanessa's chin, neck, freckled chest and gargantuan melons. Brie had sat next to her best friend and had a front row seat to Frank cumming all over Vanessa's chest.

Pleasure surged through Frank with each burst of spunk from his cock, layering thick wads of his jism all over Vanessa's giant soft tits. Before he could even finish cumming, Brie scooped up some of Frank's hot semen on the tip of her finger off her best friend's cum-soaked chest and tasted it.

"Hmmm, yum! I can't wait to feel your huge cock in me and to taste your sweet cum," she excitedly teased. Frank's fountain of cum subsided and he used his penis to rub his cum into Vanessa's skin.

"I've seen this done in a porno movie once," Vanessa commented. Frank smirked and continued rubbing his semi-flaccid cock all over her immense cum-drenched jugs...

The next morning, sunlight blared through the curtains and slowly woke Frank. He opened his eyes half-way and rolled over on his side to see Vanessa. The bed sheets only covered her lower half, leaving her giant breasts exposed. It all came back flooring to Frank. He fucked his pleasantly plump student in many positions, all night long until early dawn when he exploded his cum all over her chest. He smiled and felt his morning wood poking up from beneath the sheets.

"Good morning, marathon man."

Frank sat up and saw his other drop-dead gorgeous student Brie, as she sat at the edge of the bed wearing only a thin tank top that ended just below the bottom curves of her large, conical-shaped breasts, a pair of skimpy panties, and grey ankle socks. Her nipples jutted long and dense through the thin material and off to the sides a little bit. Frank's erection grew harder and jutted straight up underneath the sheets.

"Is that for me?" Brie teased. "You fucked Vanessa so good last night, I don't think she'll be walking right for a couple of days. I want to feel the same way." Brie pulled the sheets down his legs and revealed his huge, hard cock. 

"Hey you two. Getting ready to fuck?"

Vanessa sat up and Frank eyeballed her gigantic heavy tits as they slouched down from her chest and over her soft belly. She reached over and grabbed Frank's dick. Her fingers stroked up and down his vein-pulsing shaft. Frank felt the desire growing in his extremely swelled tool.

"How about I return the favor and get his big, hard cock all lubed up for you, Brie?" Vanessa suggested, as she steadily pumped Frank's massive manhood up and down. Pre-cum leaked and Vanessa used her soft fingers to massage it into the bulbous head of his cock. Frank groaned.

"Sure," Brie agreed. "Get that big cock all nice and wet for me. In the meantime, I want to ride his face." 

Vanessa wasted no time in moving between Frank's legs and along the way, she dragged her massive tits across his thighs. She leaned down and took a mouthful of Frank's hard cock between her juicy lips. He pushed his hips up and fed her more and she willing accepted.

Brie stood up and walked over beside Frank's head. She pulled her skimpy panties down and around her feet. Frank groaned, as he enjoyed Vanessa working his cock with her mouth and the sight of Brie's clean-shaved pussy. She straddled his face and pressed her sweet-smelling pussy against his lips. Frank went to work on her with his tongue, flickering at her slick labia and clitoris and basking in the sweetly scented aroma of her snatch. Brie groaned and grinded herself against him.

Vanessa swiftly bobbed her head up and down Frank's cock, soaking it in her warm saliva, taking the entire length of his throbbing shaft to the back of her throat. Her giant fuck pillows wobbled on top of the bedding. Frank groaned with his face deep in Brie's slippery pussy. She rode his face more and more wild that caused her huge coned knockers to bounce and jiggled beneath her tank top. She moaned as she felt the pleasure of Frank's tongue probing deep within her hot cunt.

"Ohhh Frank!" she cried out in sheer ecstasy. She closed her eyes as Frank hooked his arms around her quivering thighs and tongued her sensitive clit, over and over again. Brie's mouth fell open but nothing was coming out. Her body began convulsing under the might of Frank's wiggling tongue. He licked, sucked and nibbled her tiny bud, enjoying the fresh taste and fragrance of her fuck hole.

"Hmmmm Frank. Make Brie cum all over your face," Vanessa moaned between sucking mouthfuls of his cock. Frank groaned as he felt Vanessa plopped her huge plump tits up on his thighs and buried his enormous cock in between them as she continued to wetly gobble him down. She slide her fat melons up and down his wet cock while her mouth suckled and tongue swirled around on the bulbous head.
