 To refresh your memory here are the last few lines of the first part: 

Next two days it was the same. We spent mornings and evenings with the kids and afternoons and the night together fucking away to glory. On the third night Razia said, 'Have you noticed Shanti's behavior?' 

Not knowing what this was all about I decided to play safe, 'Who Shanti?' 

'Mr. Saheb Sahebji what a big lair you are. I can't believe that you of all people would not notice a girl with big boobs? I am referring to Shanti, our waitress. I am certain you have noticed her and her big boobs' Razia said poking her finger in my ribs.

'Oh you mean that Shanti' I laughed giving up pretense, 'Of course my dear I have noticed her. She is very pretty. Razia you right about the size of her boobs? They are like ripe melons'. 

'Yes her tits are really big but that is not what I meant. Have you noticed the way she behaves when you are around?' 

Ooops I was again on slippery ground. I decided to play it by the ear, 'No I have not noticed anything out of the ordinary'. 

'I don't believe you but I'll let it ride. I think she wants to be screwed by you' Razia said. 

'No! How can that be? I replied feigning surprise, 'I am sure you are mistaken'. 

'No I am not mistaken. A woman knows. Sahebji meri baat mano tum usse bhi chod kar khush kar do jaisse tumne mujhe kush kiya hai (Sahebji do me a favor, fuck her also and make her happy like you made me)' she persisted. 

'What! Are you sure you want me to fuck her? You don't mind?' I asked with a song in my heart and a hardening cock. 

'No not at all why should I? I don't own you or your laurda. If she is suffering the way I was then she deserves your magnificent cock. Please do it for me' she pleaded. 

'I bet you are already hard visualizing her lying naked in your bed with you squeezing her melon sized tits' she laughed.

It was now my turn to blush. 'Of course not' I lied, 'If you want I will try but what you forget is that she must also agree'.

'If my intuition is right then she will definitely agree. Give it a try tomorrow. Promise' she said. 

I nodded, 'Sure I will give it a shot'.

Now for the second part:

Next morning when we had finished our breakfast Razia told the children to go ahead as she wanted to talk to me. Dutifully the children went out into the garden. 

'Woh hamari table ki taraf aa rahi hai (She is coming towards our table)' Razia whispered spotting Shanti, 'I will now leave and you give her the big come on and see what happens. Please don't you mess it up'.

'I will do as you say but I hope you don't get me slapped in front of all the hotel guests' I whispered back.

'Don't be stupid, nothing like that will happen. Just do what you promised me last night' Razia said and left. 

When I caught Shanti's attention I waved to her. She came over. 'Yes sir what else can I get you' she asked like a well-trained waitress.

'Shanti tum sirf dining room main hee kaam karti ho ya kuch aur bhi? (Shanti tell me do you serve in the dining room only or do you have other duties also?)' I asked smiling at her.

'Other duties? I don't fully understand sir' she replied blushing.

'Mera matlab hai jaisse room service.....(I mean like room service....)' I said leaving the sentence in the air.

'Sir room service is not part of my duties but if you desire something served in your room I will only be too pleased to serve it to you' she replied getting redder. 

'Great I would like that. Please bring me two large glasses of fresh orange juice to my room, my room number is 717. When can you bring them?' I asked. 

'Two glasses sir?' she asked sounding a little disappointed, 'I know your room number. When would you like me to serve them?' 

'As soon as possible, 'I said, 'how soon can you bring them?'

'The dining room closes at ten, the earliest I can bring them to you is at half past ten sir. Will that be all right?' she inquired.

'Bilkul theek rahega (That would be just fine)' I confirmed and joined Razia and the children. 

The children were playing and Razia was sitting alone knitting. 'Bardi jaldi aagaye kya hua? (That was quick work what happened?). Tumne usse baat kari na? (You did ask her didn't you?)' she asked looking a bit doubtful.  

'Haan maine usse baat kar li (Yes I asked her)' I said. 

'Tumne kya kaha? Usne kya kaha? (What did you say? What did she say?) ' Razia asked impatiently.

'I asked her whether she did room service also. She said though it was not part of her duties but she will do it if I so desired. She will come to my room with juice in half an hour. We will see what happens then' I replied.

'Why all this rigmarole about juice and room services. Why didn't you ask her outright? Razia complained.

'What do you suggest I should have said? Shanti meri biwi chahati hai ki main tujhe chodoon iss liye tu mere kamare main aajaana (Shanti my wife wants me to fuck you so please come to my room). I said sarcastically, 'trust me my approach is better. You see my dear Razia I am a little conservative, I would rather be slapped in my room when we are alone than in the dining room full of other guests'. 

'Don't be silly Sahebji I did not mean it that way. Anyway don't fret I think I was right. If she has agreed to do room service for you then she will also consent to let her choot be serviced by your laurda' Razia said smugly, 'remember I want to know every detail, stroke by stroke and poke by poke, of all that transpires between the two of you'. 

'Razia you sure are a horny one' I laughed, 'but keep in mind that should she agree then fucking every morning, afternoon and night will be too much for me' I cautioned. 

Razia laughed, 'Yes I know even your cock has its limitations. I am willing to sacrifice my afternoon session in favor of a needy sister'. 

We chatted for some time. Then suddenly Razia exclaimed, 'Now go, it is already late. You don't want to keep a virgin, eager to be deflowered, waiting do you?' As I rose to leave she said, 'Have fun my darling'. 

At ten thirty sharp Shanti arrived with two large glasses of orange juice. Placing them on the table she looked around and asked, 'Where is madam?' 

'Madam? Why do you ask?' I said.

'Aapne do glass juice order kiye the iss liye (You ordered two glasses of juice that is why)' she replied still looking around.

'Oh that! The second glass in not for my wife but for you my dear Shanti' I said handing her a glass and raising mine, 'Shanti let us drink to the beginning of our friendship'. She sipped the juice shyly with downcast eyes. However I could see that she kept looking at me covertly.  

'Why are you standing there? Mere pas aaker palang per baitho (Come sit here next to me on the bed)' I said patting the bed. Hesitatingly she came and sat down on the spot indicated by me. 

Putting my arms around her shoulder I pulled her to me. She leaned against me and raised her face. I kissed her lightly on her lips. Then gently nibbled on her ear.  I kissed her several times. Shanti did not object. Then embracing her tightly I kissed her passionately. She reciprocated with equal passion. Her lips parted and our tongues met in the dance of love. 

Now pretty certain of having her I moved to the next step. 

'Shanti remember I once told you that you were very pretty but today you are looking even more beautiful. Tere mamme kitne barde hain kya yeh asli hain (What big boobs you have my dear are they real?)' I asked placing my hand on the nearest one.

 Shanti's face became beet root red and lowering her eyes replied very softly, 'Haan sir asli hain (Yes sir they are real)'. 

'Really! Oh I must see them. They look so inviting' I ventured. She did not reply but kept looking at her shoes. 

 'Dear Shanti from the very first time I saw you I have admired your big boobs please let me see them' I said gently squeezing her boob. 

'Oh sir, please don't. I am sacred your wife may come in any time' She protested but without making any move to remove my hand or to get up. 

'Don't worry about her she is busy teaching the children and won't finish before two hours' I replied and emboldened by lack of any serious protest I started to undo her blouse. 

She caught my hand and looked at me with lewd eyes, 'Aapne mujhe iss liye bulaya tha? (Did you call me for this?)' 

'Shanti my dear, I confess that I have wanted to be alone with you from the moment I laid my eyes on you. I could not think of any other way to be alone with you than this. Please Shanti don't stop me' I begged. Slowly Shanti released my hand. I undid her blouse and unsnapped her bra. Her big tits spilled out. Out in the open they looked even bigger. 

'Oh Shanti they are much prettier than I had imagined' I said and kissed them. 

'OOOHHHh' she moaned as I took a nipple in my mouth. 

'Achcha lagta hai? (Do you like it?)' I inquired. 

Shanti nodded, 'Haan bahut achcha lag raha hai (Yes it feels lovely)' she replied with a sigh. I took her in my arms and kissed her passionately. She threw her arms round my neck and reciprocated with equal passion. While kissing I placed her hand on my raging hard on. Unhesitatingly she caught hold of it and squeezed it. 

'Come sweetheart let us undress and get into bed we will be more comfortable' I suggested. Without a word she started to undress. When in bed I looked at her naked body. 

Shanti lay with her eyes closed, her big boobs lolled to their respective sides, the nipples were hard and erect with excitement, her pubic hair were clipped short and I could clearly see her swollen clit peeping out from between her cunt lips. I gave her choot few licks. She moaned, 'Sir, please hurry I don't have much time. Oh mujhe chodo jaldi se chodo (Oh fuck me. Fuck me quickly)' she panted. 

Seeing her urgency I got on top her and pushed my cock into her choot. 'OWW lagta hai aapka laurda bahut barda hai (OWW it hurts your cock is so big)' she groaned. 

To my surprise my cock slid in without any resistance. 'Our Shanti was not a virgin as Razia had assumed. At least on this point Razia was mistaken' I thought and placing her legs on my shoulder fucked her with long slow strokes but later kept varying the length and the speed of my strokes. 

'Sir bahut mazaa aa raha hai (Sir it feels very good). Your lund is not only big but you know how to use it also' she moaned. I continued the in and out motion.

'Mujhe zor se chodo. Haan aur zor se (Fuck me hard. Yes harder) Y....hes fuck me like this. Y..hes harder, I like it hard and fast. Oh! Oh! I am about to cum. My God sir my juices are about to flow. OHHH SIR I AM COOMMMIIINNNGGGgg' she screamed and fell back on the bed panting. 

'Shanti my dear I am also about to cum. Do I require to be careful?' I panted. 

'NO! Don't take it out, cum inside me nothing will happen I am on the pill' She said loudly and sighed as I shot my-cum inside her. 

For the next hour or so we talked and fucked. Then getting up she said that she has to go on duty again. 'Itni jaldi? Wada kar kal phir aayegi (What so soon? Promise you will come tomorrow)' I said. Promising to come again tomorrow at the same time she left with a satisfied smile. 

After a quick shower I hurried down to join Razia and the kids. I caught up with them as they were entering the dining room. As we entered Razia asked, 'Na kaisse raha? (Na how did it go?)'

'You were right she wanted it badly and she got it' I replied smiling.

'Hmmm she does look happy and satisfied' she said with a grin looking at the approaching Shanti, 'Bravo Sahebji you have done a good job. I am proud of you. You have not only made her happy but me too'.

After lunch as usual Shanti came to inquire if we had enjoyed our lunch. Razia mumbled her appreciation but I said looking into her eyes, 'Thank you Shanti it was very good but what I really enjoyed the most today was the aperitif. Shanti please make a note of it, I think I will have the same aperitif again tomorrow. 

Shanti went red in the face and shot a worried glance towards Razia, 'Thank you sir. I will make a note'.

Outside Razia said, 'Sahebji you are a very bad man. Do you think it was fair to embarrass the poor girl like this in front of me'. 

'Sorry darling but I just couldn't resist the temptation' I said laughing. 

'Okay now tell me all that happened. I am dying with curiosity. I know that Shanti enjoyed herself but did you enjoy popping her cherry and fucking her tight choot?' Razia said in one breath. 

'Last things first' I said,  'she was not a virgin and her cunt was quite loose. She has been well fucked by someone'. 

'Really I am surprised. I hope you asked her who took her cherry, when and under what circumstances etc. please tell me. It is so exciting. Just thinking about it has made me wet'. 

'As a matter of fact I did. It is a long story but this is not the right place or time for it. I will tell you every gory detail tonight in bed. Why did you say you knew she enjoyed herself? How do you know?' I said. 

'When you left and did not return for a long time I got so curious to know what was happening that I went up to my room to see for myself. When I entered my room I heard sounds coming from your room. I opened the connecting door noiselessly and peeped in. Shanti was lying with her legs in the air and you were busy ramming your laurda into her. She was egging you on to fuck her harder and faster. As I closed the door I heard her scream that she was coming. Hearing her scream of passion I too nearly came. Not wanting to disturb you I came down'.

 'Why did you not join us? We three could have had some fun together' I said. 

'Well for a moment I was tempted to but I didn't for two reasons. Firstly I felt shy and secondly I did not want to deprive Shanti of her due' Razia replied. 

'You did not have to share my cock. I am sure we could have persuaded Shanti to give your choot a treat with her tongue'. 

'Listen man I may be horny and love a good fuck but I am definitely not a lesbian' Razia said making a face, 'I like a cock much too much'. 

'Have you had your choot licked before?' I asked.

'No never. For God's sake I have already told you that I don't go for that sort of thing' she replied. 

'You should try it at least once. You will enjoy it and by having your pussy eaten once in a while does not make you a lesbian. I wish you had joined in' I whispered, 'come let us join the children. They must be wondering what we two are whispering about'. Razia looked pensive. 

All evening Razia kept looking at her watch. The time was ticking too slowly for her liking. Today it was not the irritation in her cunt that made her impatient but her curiosity to know what transpired between Shanti and me.

 At long last night came. As soon as she got into bed with me she said, 'Now tell me. I am dying with curiosity'. 

'What is the hurry sweetheart. We have the whole night ahead of us. Let me first welcome you properly' I replied and slid my lund inside her. After I had welcomed her in proper style I lit a cigarette. 

'Oh Sahebji that was great' Razia sighed, 'but now please tell me what happened? Who deflowered her? How did it happen? Was it with her consent or was she raped'

'She said that her father...' I reached thus far only when Razia interrupted me, 'Kya keh rahe ho? Usske baap ne usski choot phardi? (What are you saying? Her father took her virginity?) Incredible, I don't believe it. I hate incest'. 

'No, no nothing like that happened. Initially my reaction was also of utter disbelief but I think it would be better if I told you her story in her own words then you can probably appreciate it better and please no interruptions okay'.

Shanti started her story by saying, 'I live with my parents and two sisters, Rekha and Madhu, and a brother Rahul. Rekha is 12, Madhu is 8 and Rahul is only three years old. I lost my virginity four years ago when I was 18. At that time Rahul was not yet born. After nearly two decades of trying my parents did not have a son. Many children were born, boys and girls, but none survived except the three of us. They were very keen to have a son. My father was possessed with the idea of having a son. He consulted every soothsayer or sadhu (holy man) he came across or heard of. He even traveled long distances to meet with such like persons'. 

'One day he heard of a sadhu with a reputation of being a great healer and performer of miracles. Thousands thronged to see him. His ashram (camp) was located about hundred miles from this place. My father also went to see him. When he returned he looked very happy. My mother asked, 'You look very happy today what did the sadhu have to say?' 

'Yes my dear I am very happy today. This baba  (sadhu) is really very learned. He will grant us our wish if we follow his directions. There was over hundred people there waiting to see him. He spotted me in this crowd and called me to his personal chamber. 

He asked me, 'Son what can I do for you?' I told him all about our family, the girls and our desire to have a son. He took my hand in his and closed his eyes. He was so still that for one moment I thought he had suffered a stroke or something. I could not see him breathe even. I was about to raise an alarm when one of his disciples stopped me and whispered in my ear, 'Shh, baba is in a trance'

Ten minutes later the baba opened his eyes. He told me that he had looked into the future and within a year a son will be born to us but we will have to make some sacrifices'. 

 'Baba to get a son I am willing to make any sacrifice you ask' I said. 

Baba said, 'Son you have three virgin daughters in your house and it is their virginity that is blocking the path of your son. You will have to remove their virginity and clear the road for your son. Start with the eldest one maybe it will suffice'.

'I was aghast and told him that main apni beti ko kaisse chod sakta hoon? (how can I fuck my own daughter?). He should suggest some other solution. He replied that there is no other remedy and this is the only road to the fulfillment of your desire but if you can't do it then leave one of your daughters here and God will take care of everything. I have promised to take Shanti to him on Friday'.

My mother was more down to earth. 'My god man have you taken leave of your senses. You think God will come to deflower your daughter?' my mother said getting angry, 'nahin bechaari Shanti ko baba aur usske chele chodenge (no poor Shanti will be fucked by the baba and his disciples). No I will not allow it'. 

'Koyi bhi isse chode baba, usske chele ya bhagwan mujhe tau lardka chahayiye. Ek din tau isse chudwana hee hai. Uss se humain kya milega, kuch nahin. Agar aaj baba chodega tau kum se kum hamain ek beta tau milega (To me it matters little who fucks her, baba, his disciples or God. One day she is to fucked anyway and what will we get out of it, nothing. Today if baba fucks her we will at least get a son)' my father replied with his twisted logic. 

A big fight followed but my mother was fighting a loosing battle. My father remained adamant. 

As a last ditch effort my mother asked, 'Agar isske bachcha hogaya tau? Hum kissi ko muh dikhane layak nahin rahainge (What if she gets pregnant? Then we will not be able to face the society) '.

'Tu samajhti hai main pagal hoon. Maine yeh puncha tha. Baba ne kaha hai bachcha nahin hoga. Bhagwan sab theek karega (You think I am stupid. I asked him this. Baba has told me that she won't get pregnant. God will see to it that every thing is fine)' my father replied smugly. 

'Shanti be ready to go with me on Friday' my father ordered. I cried and protested vehemently but my father was like a man possessed and did not pay any heed to my pleas'. 

His stubbornness prevailed.

'On Friday he took me to baba's ashram. The baba gave my father fourteen small packets with some powder in them and said, 'Saat din tak subah khaali pet ek purdiya tum khana aur ek purdiya apni aurat ko dena. Inn saat dinon main tum apni aurat ko bilkul nahin chodna. Usske baad chod sakte ho aur jab tumahari gharwali pet se ho tab tum aaker iss lardki ko ghar le jaana. Jab tak yeh lardki yahan rahegi aur bhagwan ki seva karegi (For seven days you and your wife take one dose of this powder early morning on empty stomach. Remember no fucking during these days. From the eighth day you can fuck her and when she is pregnant you can come and take this girl back with you. Till then she will remain here and serve God)' and motioned to one of his disciples to take me inside'. 
