 To refresh your memory here is how the fourth part ended:

When we switched on the 'Third Eye' we saw Madhu lying on the bed and Rekha was pacing the floor. 'Oh Rekha Sahebji uncle is so handsome I am looking forward to be fucked by him' Madhu said enthusiastically. 

'You may be but not me' Rekha replied. 

'Why? What happened? In the train you were so impatient that you couldn't wait to get here' Madhu persisted. 

'Did you see what happened tonight?' Rekha asked. 

'Of course. I was there but I did not notice anything that could annoy you' Madhu said. 

'Tu tau chutiya hai aur chutiya hee rahegi (You are an idiot and will remain an idiot)' Rekha said. 

'Now what have I done?' Madhu whined with tears filling her eyes. 

'Did you hear what Shanti didi (elder sister) said?' 

'Yes I heard. All she said was that we were eager to be deflowered and we were. Weren't we?' 

'Yes I was but not now. What business did she have to announce it in front of everyone' Rekha said. 

'What everyone? If she did not tell uncle Sahebji and Auntie Razia then how would they know that we were willing' Madhu said. 

'Yes telling them was okay. I even accept her telling her daughter Shabnam and her friend Meera but announcing it in front of the servants that I cannot digest' Rekha said getting more agitated. 

'Where is the harm?' Madhu asked. 

'Harm you idiot? Did you hear how they grinned as if it was going to be some sort of a show or something' Rekha literary shouted back. 

'Oh Rekha I was soooo looking forward to feel a cock between my legs' Madhu wailed. 

'Well I am telling you now I am not going to cooperate' Rekha decreed. 

'Oh Rekha what about your promise to Shanti didi?' Madhu asked. 

'Well I have changed my mind and you are also not going to lose your virginity have you understood' Rekha ordered. 

'Oh Rekha you are being mean' Madhu cried. 

'Have you understood?' Rekha repeated sternly. 

'Yes I have understood' Madhu replied suppressing a sob. 

Now for the fifth part:

Rekha plonked herself on a chair and started to leaf through a magazine while Madhu lay on the bed sobbing silently. 

'So this is what is biting her. She feels insulted because you said that they were eager to lose their cherry in front of the maids' I remarked. 

'I said so only because Razia said I could speak freely' Shanti explained. 

'Shanti my dear what you did was right' Razia said, 'if there is anything wrong then it is with her thinking'. 

'Shanti what is with Madhu? She let's herself be bullied by Rekha without a whimper' I asked. 

'Don't make the mistake of underestimating her. She is very intelligent and also quite clever. She knows what she wants and gets it too, but for some inexplicable reason she lets herself be dominated by Rekha' Shanti explained. 

'This is all fine but without their willingness Sahebji will have no one to deflower tomorrow' Razia lamented. 

'Don't worry everything will be fine. I think it is just a passing phase' Shanti assured. 

'How can you say that after all what we have heard' Razia countered. 

'Trust me. Rekha has a very hot choot and by tomorrow she will agree' Shanti said. 

'How do you know this? Have you two been naughty together?' I asked smiling. 

'For God's sake no. She is my real sister. I don't like incest. I am saying this because at home we three sisters sleep in one room. Since years I have watched Rekha rubbing her choot each night before going to sleep. Seeing her, now Madhu also does the same' Shanti explained. 

'Okay ladies you both wrack your brains while I see what Shabnam and Meera are unto' I said switching channels. Shabnam and Meera were in the shower together playing games and laughing loudly. Meera was trying to touch Shabnam's choot and Shabnam was attempting to catch Meera's tits'. 

'Maine teri choot choo li (I touched your choot)' Meera shouted. 

'No you did not' Shabnam countered. 

'Yes I did. Don't lie' Meera screamed and then they both kissed each other. 

'Sahebji change the channel we want to see what is going on in Rashid's room it might give us an idea' Razia said getting irritated. 

'They are so pretty let me watch' I said. 

'Oh Sahebji tum dono ko chod chuke ho aur paas se nanga bhi dekha hai. Ab dekhene ko bacha hai (Come on Sahebji you have fucked both of them and seen them naked at close quarters what is now left to see)' Razia said snatching the remote from my hand and changing the channel. 

Rekha and Madhu had not moved. Suddenly getting up Rekha said, 'Madhu aren't you going to take a bath and get ready?' 

'No, you go first. You always take hours to get ready. I don't require more than ten minutes or so' Madhu replied. 

'Okay' Rekha said and went into the bathroom. 

'Razia darling if I can't fuck her then at least let me see her naked' I said. 

Razia laughed, 'Why not lover boy, why not?' and switched the 'Third Eye' to the bathroom.

Rekha was in the process of undressing. Her boobs were like ripe melons just like Shanti's and as pretty. The nipples were pointed and hard. I noticed that she did not have a bush and commented on it. 

'What is so strange about a virgin shaving her pussy. Meera was also a virgin and she had no hair on her choot' Razia said. 

'That was something different. She was having a lesbian relationship with her bhabi' I replied 'maybe Rekha is also involved with someone?'. 

'No that is not so. If she were having her pussy eaten then sooner or later I would have found out. Oh I know what has happened. Few years back Rekha had her appendix taken out. At that time the medics had shaved her cunt. She must have found masturbating more fun without the hair and continued to shave' Shanti clarified and with a laugh added, 'I bet Madhu also has no hair on her choot because Rekha would have told her and she would have also shaved herself. They talk about sex to each other quite a bit'. 

Rekha stood in front of the mirror looking at her body. She caressed her boobs lightly. 'Oh god I was so looking forward to be fucked but now didi has spoiled everything' she said aloud to herself then stamping the floor with her foot added, 'damn! Didi why did you have to announce it in front of the maids? What shall I do now? Oh I am feeling so hot'. 

For a minute she stood still contemplating her image in the mirror then with one hand she started to tweak her nipples and ran the finger of the other hand between her cunt lips. 'Oh it feels sooo good' she moaned. She continued to squeeze her tits and rub her swollen clit. Her movements became faster and her breath shorter. After a few minutes she sighed loudly and released her cunt juices, which ran down her legs. She stood breathing in gasps and recommenced to caress herself. 

'Shanti you were right. She has a hot cunt. I think see is going to rub her pussy again' Razia said, 'come on let us see what our dear Madhu is doing'. 

The room was empty. 'Where could she have gone?' Shanti asked. 

'Maybe to Shabnam's room to talk to them' I suggested. Shabnam and Meera were in the process of dressing. They stood in their panties. As Razia flipped back to Rashid's room I heard a sound. 'Hold it Razia' I said, 'I think I heard a knock'. 

'Who can it be?' Shabnam asked. 

'Does it matter go and check' Meera replied. 

'Oh it is Madhu. Come on in. Sorry the way we look. We were dressing for dinner'. 

'Oh it is all right. Your bodies are so beautiful' Madhu commented. 

'I bet your body is even prettier. You have such large beautiful tits, just like ripe melons' Shabnam said. 

'No they are not beautiful. They are too large I find your boobs pretty' Madhu replied. 

'Our boobs are like mosquito bites as compared to your beauties. Show them to us' Meera said. 

As Madhu hesitated Shabnam giggled, 'Don't show them now if you don't want to. We will get to see your whole body tomorrow when uncle takes your cherry'. 

'If I were you I wouldn't count on it' Madhu said sadly. 

'Why what happened? I thought everything was agreed, settled and sealed or shall I say agreed and settled for unsealing of your choot' Meera said and laughed loudly at her own joke. 

'What happened? Rekha has happened' Madhu said and related to them all that had transpired between Rekha and her earlier, 'now you know why nothing will happen'. 

'It is your choot and you want to fuck. What has Rekha got to do with it? You go ahead and let uncle take your cherry?' Shabnam asked. 

'No, no I can't disobey Rekha. She will get annoyed' Madhu replied 'oh it is getting late I must go back Rekha will scold me if she finds me missing'. 

'What a strange girl' Shabnam said, 'uncle will be very disappointed. I think we should tell them'. 

'No not yet. Let us see if we can do something about it first. Maybe they are watching us and know already' Meera replied blowing a kiss in the general direction. 

'The girls are very concerned about the pleasure lover boy's laurda is going to miss out on tomorrow' Razia laughed the turning to Shanti asked, 'what was all this about? Why did Madhu tell them and not us?' 

'I told you she is clever. Firstly she has conveyed that nothing is going to happen tomorrow well in time for them to do something. Secondly that she is willing but Rekha is the villain. Thirdly she has not tattled to us about Rekha and lastly left it to them, without asking them, to do something to retrieve the situation. 

'What are you two planning to do about it?' I asked. 

'Shanti look at our lover boy how worried he is' Razia laughed kissing me, 'he is seeing two virgin choots slipping through his fingers instead of his lund slipping into them'. 

'Why not? I was looking forward to popping their cherry' I replied.

'Don't worry Shahebji, Rekha will come around once the misunderstanding is set right' Shanti said pacifying me. 

'Come it is time for dinner. Let us eat first. We have the whole night to think about our little problem' Razia said.

Others were waiting for us and we were the last. Razia persuaded me to sit at the head of the table. Shanti and Razia flanked me. Meera sat next to Razia followed by Rekha, Shabnam and lastly Madhu completing the circle. The dinner was excellent. So was everybody's mood with the exception of Rekha and to some extent Madhu. Naughty jokes were the order of the day. We all laughed and laughed. 

After the meal Razia asked. 'Did you all enjoy the dinner?' 

'Yes it was very tasty. The cook deserves a reward' we all said in one voice. 

'Yes that is what I was thinking' Razia said, 'Mary come and receive your reward'. Getting up Razia embraced Mary and kissed her on her lips while squeezing her tits and rubbing her choot. We all clapped. 

'Ask what your heart desires' Razia offered. 

'Madam you know what my heart wants' Mary replied blushing. 

'No I don't know what your heart wants but I do know that your choot wants master's laurda' Razia laughed. 

'Yes madam you are right' Mary replied. 

'Okay master will fuck you but not tonight, maybe tomorrow. Sahebji is that okay with you?' I nodded. 

'What about me don't I also get a reward?' Maya asked. 

'No why should you? To get a reward you should have also cooked something' Shabnam teased her. 

'I did. Honestly I did. I helped peel and cut the vegetables and I even stirred them a couple of times. Didn't I Mary?' Maya whined with tears welling up in her eyes. 

'Yes my pet you did' Mary replied. 

'Yes of course my 'golden tongue' you will also get a reward' Razia said and proceeded to kiss her and give her tits and choot the same treatment that she had given Mary. 

'Is that all?' Maya asked impishly. 

'No master will also fuck you after he has fucked Mary tomorrow. Happy?' Razia pronounced. Maya nodded and grinned happily. 

While all this was going on I kept a close watch on Rekha's reaction. Rekha watched everything with wide-eyed astonishment. I heard her whisper to Meera, 'Why is auntie Razia kissing and talking of choot and chudai in front of the maids like this doesn't she feel embarrassed? 

Meera's reply was loud enough for me to hear also, 'They are really more family members than maids. They take full part in every family festival'. 

'Oh my god, I think I have made a big mess of things' Rekha said to herself loudly. 

After dinner we all fooled around for an hour before we dispersed to go to bed. As soon as I was alone with Razia and Shanti I told them what I had overheard. 'Quick let us go to the 'Third Eye'' Shanti said, 'we will get Rekha's real reaction when she is alone with Madhu'. 

Madhu was lying on the bed and Rekha was pacing the floor. 'Rekha what do you think Shanti didi is doing now?' Madhu asked. 

'Mujhe kya maloom. Apne ko apne lardle Sahebji se chudwa rahi hogi (How do I know? She is probably getting herself fucked by her precious Sahebji)' Rekha replied unkindly. 

'That was mean. Rekha you should be ashamed of yourself to say something like this about Shanti didi' Madhu responded sternly. 

'Yes you are right. I am sorry I did not mean it. I am in a bad mood. Did you see what happened at dinner? Auntie Razia kissed the maids on their lips and rubbed their choots' Rekha said. 

'Yes to be truthful I was also taken aback' Madhu replied, 'I saw you talking to Meera what did she say?' 

'She said that they are like family members. I think Shanti didi knew this and that is the reason she announced our eagerness to fuck in front of them. I think I misjudged the situation' Rekha said. 

'Well done Razia you have retrieved the situation' I said kissing her. 

'Lover boy you looked so disappointed therefore I had to do something. Just for your information I must say that this is the first time I have kissed them like this' Razia replied laughing. 

'Thank you my love' I said pressing her boobs. 

'Don't celebrate too soon. Rekha is still pacing the floor. Let us hear more' Shanti said. 

'I don't know what to do?' Rekha said. 

'What is the problem now. Just forget the whole thing and let things go on as they were supposed to have gone. Mera chudwane ko bahut dil kar raha hai (I am so keen to get screwed)' Madhu pleaded. 

'No way. What I decided earlier today still holds good. Remember no chudai (fucking) till I say so, understand' Rekha said. 

'Yes Rekha whatever you say' Madhu replied meekly, 'but why?' 

'My dear little sister I know you much better than you think' Rekha said with a smile, 'when you declined to get ready first I guessed that you were unto something. After a while I peeped out of the bathroom and you were no where to be seen. Where did you go and whom did you tell about our earlier conversation?' 

'I...I ..' Madhu stuttered. 

'Oh shut up. You are about to lie to me. You know I don't like you lying to me' Rekha scolded, 'now let me think a way out of this predicament'. 

Rekha smiled and added after a pause, 'Main koyi aissa rasta nikalna chahati hoon jiss se mera lafz bhi rahe aur teri choot bhi phardi jaaye (I have to think of an excuse, however flimsy, to save my face and also get your cunt deflowered)'. 

'Aur aapki (And yours)' Madhu said with an impish smile. 

'Haan aur meri (Yes and mine)' Rekha replied laughing loudly. 

'Think Rekha, think. I know you will find a way out of this unpleasant situation' Madhu encouraged enthusiastically.

'Remember if you even whisper a word of what I have just said to anyone, then I promise that you will return home like you came here. A virgin' Rekha threatened. Before Madhu could respond there was a knock on the door. 

'Oh it is you? Come on in. It is nice of you two to have dropped in' Rekha said greeting Meera and Shabnam. 

'You both must be very excited about tomorrow. Getting deflowered and all that' Shabnam asked. 

'I am not quite certain if that is going to happen' Rekha replied soberly. 

'Why what happened? I thought everything had been settled' Meera asked. 

'Yes it was but not now. I am not convinced that losing one's virginity is really as pleasurable as they say' Rekha said. 

'We both can vouch for it' Meera replied, 'uncle popped our cherry few days ago, at first it hurt but then it was very pleasurable'. 

'Okay I believe you if you say so but I want to be convinced. I will tell you what we will do. Tomorrow we will watch one of you getting screwed and if we like what we see then we will join in' Rekha proposed. 

'What about you Madhu?' Shabnam asked. 

'She will do what I say. Right Madhu?' Rekha replied. 

'Yes Rekha' Madhu replied obediently. 

They talked for a while then Shabnam and Meera left. 'So it was them you talked to?' Rekha said with a smile. 'Madhu it is late. Ab so ja aur kal apne ko chudwane ke sapne dekh (Go to bed and dream about being fucked tomorrow' 

'Oh Rekha you are sooo nice. I love you' Madhu replied. 

'You should' Rekha laughed switching off the light, 'let us not waste time I have lots of dreaming to catch up with also'. 

'See I told you that she will come around. Tomorrow at first she will pretend to be reluctant but will soon join in on some pretext or the other' Shanti said. 

'So now everything is on track' I said flipping channels and saw Meera and Shabnam entering their room. 

'Don't you think we should tell mommy everything?' Shabnam asked undressing. 

'No need to worry her. I think everything is fine now. Rekha only wants an excuse to agree' Meera replied and also started to undress. 

'Shanti hamare lover boy ko dekh yeh inn dono ko chod chuka hai tab bhi unhain nanga dekhene ka bahut shauk hai (Shanti look at our lover boy he has fucked both of them and still he likes to see them naked)' Razia said poking fun at me. 

'Why not they have very beautiful bodies' I replied grinning.

At this point Mary and Maya walked into Shabnam's room with a bowl of oil and a small lamp. 'Oh the girls are going to get a massage tonight' I commented. 

'Mary, Maya what are you two doing in my room at this time of the night?' Shabnam asked trying to cover her nudity. 

'Madam has asked us to give you both a massage to make your skin glow for tomorrow's function' Mary replied. 

'No, I don't want a massage' Shabnam said. 

'Shabbu don't be hasty. Auntie must be having her reasons. Hmmm the oil smells good. I am ready. Come Shabbu join me' Meera said. 

'Okay but I don't like someone messing around with my body' Shabnam replied. 

'Unless of course that someone has a laurda like uncle's' Meera laughed.

'Yes I told Mary. Why shouldn't the girls also enjoy Mary's massage' Razia replied. 

'Messing around with her body' I laughed, 'Shabnam is in for a big surprise'. 

'What's so great about Mary's massage? I have had oil massage umpteen times. It does relax the muscles but the oil makes the whole body feel sticky' Shanti said. 

'Mary does not give the run of the mill massage. It is something special. There is no fun watching it, it has to be experienced. I will ask Mary to give you one tomorrow afternoon when Sahebji is away to work. Enough let us enjoy ourselves now' Razia said switching off the 'Third Eye'. 

We undressed and got into bed. Shanti grabbed my erect cock and kissed it. 'Oh how I have missed you big boy' she said, 'Sahebji please fuck me'. 

'AAHH' she moaned as I inserted my cock in her choot and started the fuck motion. 

'Oh Sahebji your big lund feels soooo good' she moaned. 

After five minutes of fucking her hips started to move in rhythm of my strokes. 'Y..hes fuck me like this. Y..hes harder, I like it hard and fast' she shouted. Without missing a stroke I continued to fuck her. Her body arched. She pressed her crotch to mine. 'Oh! Oh! I am about to cum. My God Sahebji my juices are about to flow. OHHH MY GOD I AM COOMMMIIINNNGGGgg' she screamed and fell back on the bed gasping for breath. After few more strokes I shot my load into her choot. As we lay savoring the intense feeling we had just experienced Shanti panted, 'Oh Sahebji it was soooo nice'. 
