 The reader will recall that on my return from England (for more arousing time read 'Rama, the adulteress), I had given up my nine to five job and set up shop of my own. After 18 months of hard work I could afford to relax. So I decided to take a short holiday. Early next morning, packing a small bag, I set out in my car to drive down a holiday resort about 200 miles away. 

On arrival I went to the best hotel in town 'The Vacation Inn'. There was no one behind the reception counter. I waited. Just then a young lady with two small children, a girl of 8 and a boy of about 6 in tow, came and stood next to me. 

The reception clerk appeared, 'Good morning welcome to The Vacation Inn sir. Can I help you? 

'A double room please. Sahebji is my name.' I replied. I like sleeping on a large bed and God willing I might have company.

The lady said, 'Also one room for me and the children'. 

The clerk said, 'Just a moment please' and disappeared again into the back room. 

While waiting I turned to look at the lady. She was down on her haunches with her back towards me tying the laces of the young lad with her. Her sari was tightly wrapped round her butt underlining every sexy curve of her tight backside. This scene gave me an instant hard on. My immediate reaction was to see more of her, squeeze her tight ass and to fuck her if possible. 

As I was fantasizing about how it would feel to hold her in my arms, the reception clerk reappeared jingling two keys in his hand. 'Will rooms 717 and 719 be all right sir? He asked pushing a registration form towards me, 'just write your name on the top and sign it sir. I will fill out the rest. Breakfast is at present being served in the dining room' then looking at his watch he added, 'they close at ten sharp that is in forty-five minutes. If you hurry you can still make it. Breakfast and all meals are included in the room tariff'. 

Taking one key from him the lady asked, 'Don't I require to register also?' 

'No ma'am one registration is all we need', he replied politely. 

The lady shrugged, 'Suit yourself' and walked towards the lift. 

The reception clerk instructed a bellboy to show us to our rooms then turning to us he said, 'Enjoy your stay at The Vacation Inn'. 

In the lift I looked at the lady more carefully. She was very pretty. She was about 26/27 years old, 5' 6" tall, slim with a near perfect figure. Her boobs, like her ass were hard and very well shaped. Her hair were done up in the latest style. A pearl string adorned her swan like neck enhancing her beauty. From her expensive clothes it was evident that she was from a well to do family. I assumed that she was married, because the girl and the boy with her were apparently her children, though I could not see any sindoor (vermilion powder) in her hair.

One can't start too early I thought, 'It seems we are going to be neighbors. We might as well get acquainted. My name is Saheb Sahebji and you are? I said with my most charming smile (I think). The beauty looked me in the eye but did not reply and did not even spare a glance towards my outstretched hand. 

As we neared our rooms she said to the bellboy, 'This, this and this piece in room 719 please' and walked ahead towards her room pulling the children behind her. When the bellboy unloaded the luggage I noticed that by mistake he had unloaded two of her suitcases in my room. I did not point out his error, as it would give me another opportunity to talk to my pretty neighbor. Pleased with his mistake I tipped him handsomely and shooed him off. 

Few minutes later I peeped out into the corridor. My pretty neighbor was anxiously pacing up and down. 'Is something amiss?' I asked. 

For a moment I thought she is not going to reply but she said, 'I am waiting for my luggage. God knows what the bellboy has done with it?' 

'How can your luggage be missing? I distinctly recall that he brought all our bags together' I said. 

'That is exactly what I thought' she replied getting more annoyed. 

'Hey, maybe he left your bags in my room' I said and opened the door, 'come in and have a look' 

She hesitated but the young fellow ran in. 'Mommy they are here' he shouted from within. 

Purposefully she strode in, 'Yes he is right. These two are mine. How stupid these people are? I even told him which suitcases go in my room' she complained. 

'It is not his fault' I said, 'he must have thought we were a family and when you told him about your cases he must have got mixed up'. 

'A family? How could he think that? I can't understand, why good hotels of this standard employ such nerds' she decreed. 

'Why single him out, even the reception clerk thought we were married. That is why he has given us two rooms with a connecting door, so that we can keep tabs on our children even at night' I explained with a smile. 

She blushed, 'He is a bigger nerd. Now I understand why he said that one registration is all he required'. 

'Don't be so hasty in judging him. He saw two young people with two small children standing before him. He assumed we were a married. Such things happen' I said. 

'He has no business of assuming things' she said trying to pick up her suitcases, 'I must return to my room now'. 

'Please let me help' I offered. 

'No thank you. I can manage' she said giving her bags all she had but could not even budge them. 

'Please allow me you lead the way. I will bring them' I said. 

When in her room I again said, 'Don't you think we should introduce ourselves? I am Saheb Sahebji and you? 

For a brief moment I thought she is going to ignore my gesture again but reluctantly she said, 'My name is Razia Khan. This is my daughter Shabnam and this little rascal is Rashid'. 

'Pleased to meet you Razia. Hello Miss Shabnam' then stretching out my hand, 'and how are you doing today Mr. Rashid?' Razia nodded her acknowledgment, Shabnam blushed prettily and Rashid pulled himself to his full height said, 'Thank you sir very well'. 


Introductions over I walked towards the door. Halfway down the room I said, 'Bye, see you at breakfast' 

Razia did not reply but I heard Rashid say as I pulled the door shut, 'Mommy did you hear what he said? He called me Mr. Rashid. I like uncle Sahebji' then turning to his sister he added, 'What about you appa (elder sister)?'. Shabnam did not reply to his question but Razia did, 'Shut up you little rascal. Go and wash your face and brush your teeth'.

While I shaved and showered just the thought of her made me shiver, 'Burr is she cold' and after further thought came to the conclusion that the only way to thaw this iceberg was through her children. I must pay special attention to them and make them like me'. Actually this should not be very difficult, as I enjoyed the company of children and usually they seemed to like me

The dining room was full. I stood looking for an empty table when suddenly a young thing in the uniform of a waitress appeared from nowhere, 'Sir would you like some breakfast?' 

I nodded, 'Yes please'. 

'Please follow me' she said and led the way, 'A table for.....?' 

'Four please' I said and prayed under my breath 'I hope'. 

She led me to a table at the far end of the room overlooking the garden. 'Here you are sir' she said swiftly removing the reserved sign from the table.

'What would you like sir' she asked handing me a menu. 

Without consulting the menu I asked, 'Do you have any fresh fruit juice?' 

'Yes sir we have fresh grape juice, grapefruit juice, orange juice and choice of fresh fruit. If you prefer juice then I recommend the fresh orange juice. Try it, it is very good' she recommended. 

'Okay bring me a large glass of fresh orange juice followed by two fried eggs sunny side up, toast etc. and a pot of strong hot tea'. 

'Yes sir would you like me to serve your order now or would you like to wait for the others?' she asked.

'Bring the juice now and hold the rest' I replied. 

'Thank you sir' she said and disappeared. 

Two minutes later she brought the juice. 'Here you are sir. I am sure you will enjoy it' she said with a smile.

'I am sure I will Shanti' I said reading the nametag pinned on her ample breast. 

'Thank you sir. Should you require anything else then just call me' she said and moved away to a respectable distance from the table.

Shanti was around 22 years old, slim, not too tall but with nice features and real big tits. She had a dazzling smile. Several times I noticed her staring at me intently and for no apparent reason she would blush and then smile shyly to herself. 

As I drank the juice and admired this girl, I saw Razia enter with her two kids. I raised my hand to draw her attention. She saw my signal and chose to ignore it but Rashid did not. 

'Come mommy, there is uncle Sahebji' he shouted and ran towards me. Reluctantly Razia followed dragging Shabnam behind her. 

'Please join me' I requested getting up. 

She looked around helplessly and with a shrug said, 'Might as well'.

Rashid was already seated on my right. Shabnam sat on my left and Razia took the chair opposite me. After she had settled down Shanti appeared, 'Good morning madam. What would you like for breakfast?' she said handing her a menu. 

Razia studied the fare for some minutes, 'The children will have a bowl of porridge, two fried eggs with toast, butter, marmalade and a large glass of hot milk each. I will have some toast and tea please'. 

'Try the fresh orange juice it is very good' I said. 

'That's all' she said to Shanti turning a deaf ear to my recommendation. 

'Oh mommy I don't want porridge' Rashid pleaded. 

'Quiet young man you know you have to eat your porridge' she said sternly. 

'But mommy you know I don't like porridge, I want juice' he persisted. 

'Maybe later after you have finished your breakfast' she said. 

Breakfast was a silent affair. Several times I tried to start a conversation but was unceremoniously snubbed. 

Rashid was making heavy weather with his porridge. Razia tried coaxing, threatening and bribing him but without making any headway. At last she threw up her arms in despair, 'What am I to do with this stubborn boy? He is as obstinate as his father. I give up, do what you like but remember this is the last time I bring you with me on a holiday'. 

'May I try that is if you permit?' I asked. 

She stared at me for few seconds and shrugged her shoulders, 'Be my guest. It can't do any harm can it?' 

I whispered few words in his ear. Rashid nodded vigorously. 'Son then be a good boy and eat your porridge' I said aloud. 

'Yes sir' Rashid replied and dug into the porridge. 

In no time he went through the whole bowl. With admiration in her eyes Razia said, 'My, my I had heard of miracles happening but I am seeing one for the first time. Even his father could not make him eat his porridge with such speed. Sahebji what did you say to him?' 

'Shall I tell her?' I asked Rashid. He shook his head and with his mouth full of egg and toast mumbled, 'No it is our secret'. 

'Sorry Razia, it is our secret' I said with a laugh. 

The ice was now broken. 

While we finished our breakfast, from the corner of my eye I could see Shanti hovering around the table. If I had not set my sights on Razia then I would surely have tried to bed Shanti. 'Maybe who knows I might still get an opportunity later' I thought. 


After breakfast we strolled into the garden. It was a beautiful day. The winter sun was mild. It was very pleasant to sit out. We sat together overlooking an artificial lake. During our conversation, I told her that I was single and a free lance commercial artist and asked, 'How come you are taking a holiday without your husband?' 

'I am not married' she said. 'What you are not married but these children....' surprised I blurted. Realizing how she had sounded she blushed. 'No, no nothing like that. I was married but now I am divorced. Thank God'. 

'Was it that bad?' I asked. 

'Worse. After a long intense legal battle, I was able to secure my divorce last month. I decided that I deserved a holiday to recover from that ordeal and here we are' she said with nervous laugh. 

Then she looked at her watch, 'Come children time for your studies'. 

'Studies? On a holiday?' I asked raising an eyebrow. 

'The schools are not closed and the children will be missing classes. We agreed that we would study for two hours daily. Didn't we children?' both Shabnam and Rashid nodded and followed her inside. 

'See you at lunch' I shouted after her and waited with bated breath for her reply. She turned her head and smiled then nodded. I congratulated myself at the little progress I had made in my project of 'Fucking of Razia'. 

Before I could say Jack Robinson Shanti was there, 'Sir would you care for an aperitif before lunch?' Apparently she had been watching us. 

'Yes a bottle of cold beer please' I ordered. 

When she left I thought, 'Isski harkaton se lagta hai yeh lardki chudwana chahati hai. Agar Razia ko chodene ka kaam nahin bana tau isse hee ko chod kar chutti ka mazaa loonga. Iss ko bhi phasa kar rakhna theek hoga (From her behavior it seems this girl wants to be screwed. If I don't succeed with Razia then I will fuck her and make my holiday more enjoyable. Best would be to keep her in good humor also)'. 

Soon Shanti was back, 'Here you are sir. I have brought some nuts to go with it?' she said placing the bottle of beer and a large bowl of monkey nuts on the table. 

'Thank you, very kind of you. Shanti. Do you know that you are very pretty?' I said. She turned beet root red. 'Thank you sir. Should you require anything, just anything I am always at your service' she said giving me a dazzling smile. 

At lunch when Razia came in with the children I was already seated at the table waiting for them. I pushed the sign reading 'Reserved for Mr. and Mrs. Sahebji and family' towards her, 'See what did I tell you even the dining room staff thinks we are husband and wife'. 

'My God is everyone employed in this hotel stupid? She said getting irritated and muttered to herself, 'I think I will have to do something about it'. 

My move to make her think about her marriage and chudai (fucking) had boomeranged. This was a big set back to my plan. 'What if the hotel allots her a separate table? I will not have such easy access to her company' I thought and tried to retrieve the situation. 'Let them think what they want to as long as we know what the reality is'. Razia did not respond. 

Razia again had difficulty with Rashid. This time it was the greens. Rashid did not like them and wouldn't eat them. Razia looked beseechingly at me, 'Sahebji please try drilling some sense into his head and make him eat the green vegetables'. 

'Rashid remember what I told you in the morning?' He nodded. 

'Then be a good boy and eat your greens' I said. Reluctantly Rashid started to eat them. 

'God Sahebji you are a marvel' Razia said admiringly. 

After lunch I saw Razia talking to the reception. I thought that instead of my intention of fucking Razia I had screwed the 'Project fucking of Razia' and maybe it was time to launch 'Operation Shanti'. When she came back hoping for a miracle I asked, 'So you told them that we were not married and asked for a separate table?' 

Blushing she said, 'No I did not tell them that. I had wanted to but changed my mind. The children eat so much better with you around'. I made a mental note to buy Rashid some chocolates. 

Till after lunch the next day nothing of importance happened except that Shanti's behavior had become more suggestive. While serving Shanti bent low in a manner that I had a clear view of her huge boobs.

After lunch I saw Razia talking to the reception again. This time the conversation did not look as amicable as it was yesterday. She looked angry and was waving her hands around, as the clerk patiently explained to her whatever it was. 

Suddenly she turned and came towards us, the children and me. 'God this hotel is really the pits' she said angrily. 

'Now what has happened?' I asked. 

'Yesterday I asked them if they had a crŠche. They said yes they had one and it is open from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. but today when I wanted to leave the children there, they tell me that it is closed today because the lady who runs it has reported sick. I don't know what to do now?' she said getting more annoyed. 

'Why do you need to leave the children in the crŠche?' I inquired. 

'In half an hour I have an appointment with a famous hairdresser in town. I took the appointment yesterday thinking I could leave the children at the crŠche. After a lot of persuasion he gave me this appointment at short notice as a big favor to me. If I cancel it, then he will not be able to take me for another two weeks and by then I won't be here. God what a mess' she said in desperation. 

'Your hair look great to me' I said but seeing the 'you men' look in her eyes hastily added, 'why don't you visit the one in the hotel normally they are also top class?' 

'My friend was here last month she told me that they were no good. She said the one in town is a little expensive but the best. Now I will have to miss my appointment. Thanks to this stupid hotel' she said dejectedly. 

'I tell you what Razia. You go ahead and keep your appointment and I will look after the children. What do you say guys?' Shabnam remained silent and looked at Razia but Rashid shouted excitedly, 'Yes mommy please'. 

'Really Sahebji you will do this for me?' she inquired. 

'Of course I will do anything but in this case for a small reward later' I said with a smile. 

She stared at me. I could hear her mind ticking. Then she came to a decision, 'Okay agreed. You will get your small reward when I return' stressing the word small. 

Everything settled she hurried to keep her appointment and I took the children out into the garden. All afternoon I played with them whatever they wanted. Later some other children came and the children joined them. I relaxed on a bench but kept an eye on them. 

At about six Razia returned. After exchanging a few words with the kids she walked up to me, 'How do I look?' she asked. 

'Razia you always looked beautiful to me but now you look stunning' I said with a smile. 

She blushed prettily, 'Thank you sir. It was made possible by you. I am grateful to you for keeping an eye on my brood'. 

'Lady just thanks are not enough. You promised me a reward, remember? I said grinning devilishly.

'Yes I did promise you a reward but a small one remember. What would you like?' she said again stressing the word small. 

'Not much, just a kiss' I said. 

'Now? Here in front of everyone?' she asked surprised. 

'Not here but there' I said pointing to some tall bushes ten yards away, 'no one will see us. It is also getting dark and the bushes will give us ample protection from prying eyes'. 

'Okay let us get it over' she said and strode towards the bushes. 

Once behind the bushes I took her in my arms and she raised her face. I placed my lips on her lips. Then pulling her to me I started to kiss her passionately. At first she struggled to free herself from my grip then her body melted against mine. Her mouth opened and our tongues fought the battle of the tongues. With one arm I held her tightly against my body and with the other hand I pressed her bottoms to my crotch rubbing my hard on against her choot (cunt). After several minutes when we came up for air we were gasping for air. 

She made no effort to withdraw herself from my arms. I again kissed her but this time tenderly. She sighed audibly. With my free hand I squeezed her beautiful boobs. As soon as she felt my hand on her tits she pushed me away from her and looked accusingly at me, 'Aapne meri chuchi kyon dabayi isski tau koyi baat nahin huyi thi? (Why did you press my tits this was not part of the bargain?)' 
