 Dear reader, permit me to refresh your memory by repeating the last few sentences of part 3. 

When I got up in the morning Razia was still fast asleep. I shaved and had a relaxing shower. As I was about to wear my dressing gown Razia opened her eyes and yawned, 'Lover you are up early. Have you had tea?' 

'No I was thinking of taking it on the terrace. I need some fresh air' I replied. 

'Fresh air my foot' she laughed, 'you are impatient to meet Shabnam'. 

'That too' I grinned. 

'Darling, please ask Mary to bring a cup for me too' Razia said. 

'Okay will do' I replied. 

In the living room Mary and Maya were busy cleaning and dusting. 'Mary take a cup of tea for madam and serve me a cup on the terrace' I said picking up the morning paper. 

As I was reading the paper on the terrace I heard Shabnam's musical voice say, 'Mary tea for two in my room on the double'.

'Good morning Miss Shabnam when did you come back?' Mary asked then looking critically at Shabnam's night attire added, 'if I were you I would not run around in this flimsy nightie especially with a man in the house'. 

'What man?' Shabnam queried. 

'Hello Shabnam long time no see' I said from behind her. 

Shabnam spun around and stared at me. Her eyes widened and her mouth fell open. Then recognition came. 'OH UNNCCLE SAAHHEBBBJIIIII' she shouted and ran into my arms. 

Now for the fourth part: 

'When did you come?' she said kissing me wildly all over my face and lips. Then realizing that Mary and Maya were watching she blushed and fell back. 

She was wearing a near transparent nightie. I could see her pointed nipples straining against the flimsy material and also the dark triangle covering the heaven between her legs quite clearly. 'Let me look at you properly' I said, 'my, my from what I can see you have grown into a very beautiful lady'. 

'Shabnam laughed loudly, 'Do you want to see more?' 

'Yes I would love to' I replied grinning, 'come to my room'. 

Shabnam turned beet root red. 'No not now. Come to my room tonight. Then you can see all and more' she whispered but loud enough for all to hear and turned towards her room. 

'What am I going to do about Meera?' she muttered loudly to herself. 

I heard Maya tittering. 'What are you two grinning about?' I said putting my arms round them and squeezing their boobs. 

'The daughter is just as hot for your lund as her mother was' Mary laughed taking hold of my now erect cock. 

'I think today is the last day of our Miss Shabnam, the virgin by tomorrow she will be our Miss Shabnam, the fucked one' Maya giggled at her own joke and grabbed my cock also.

'Now, now girls you have not heard anything' I said, 'keep your mouth shut and I will reward you'. 

'We don't want any reward. All we desire is this' Mary replied squeezing my cock. 

'Yes me too' Maya giggled. 

'Okay you will get what you want but remember mum is the word' I replied placing my finger on their lips, 'Maya bring my cup of tea also in madam's room'.

As I entered the bedroom Razia said, 'Darling you look very pleased with yourself. Did you meet Shabnam?

'Yes I met her and she has invited me to her room tonight' I grinned. 

'That was pretty quick. It seems everything is settled' Razia remarked. 

'No not really. There is still a problem of getting Meera out of the bedroom' I said.

'Nothing to worry about. Shabnam will manage it' Razia assured. 

'Maybe but can't you do something to help?' I requested. 

'Me! What can I do?' Razia said. 

'I don't know but I am sure if you intervene things will go smoothly' I replied. Razia did not reply. 

Shabnam and Meera joined us at the breakfast table much after we had started. 'Good morning mommy, good morning uncle, sorry we are late'' Shabnam said. 

'Good morning auntie. Namaste sir' Meera said politely. 

'Good morning Shabnam. Who is this pretty girl with you? Won't you introduce us?' I smiled. 

'Sorry I forgot. This is my best friend Meera. Meera this is Uncle Saheb Sahebji' Shabnam said. 

Meera's eyes widened and she said a little too loudly, 'W..What! W..Who? Did you say Uncle Saheb Sahebji?' 

'Yes you got it right the first time. I am Shabnam's uncle Sahebji. I am pleased to meet you my dear. Meera you are very pretty' I remarked. Meera blushed and lowered her eyes but Shabnam threw a sharp jealous glance at her. 

'Did you girls sleep well?' Razia asked. 

Meera started to say something but Shabnam cut her off saying, 'No mommy, we did not sleep well at all. It was very uncomfortable. Meera spreads out so much that she does not leave any place for someone else. My bed is too small for two persons. Let Meera sleep in the guest room tonight'. 

Meera's eyes widened with surprise and she cried, 'Shabbu what are you saying?' 

'No this is not possible Sahebji is occupying the guest room on the ground floor' Razia said trying her best to suppress a smile, 'poor Meera will be scared to death sleeping alone in the upstairs guest room. I think the best arrangement will be if she sleeps in my room tonight'. 

Having achieved her purpose, Shabnam smiled broadly and glanced triumphantly at me. 

'Girls what is your program today? Razia asked. 

'We are meeting some friends immediately after breakfast. We will be back by dinnertime' Shabnam said. 

After the girls went out to meet their friends I said, 'Thanks a lot Razia you did it very smoothly'. 

'Someone had to do something. I didn't want you think that Razia did nothing because her daughter was involved' Razia smiled, 'darling are you planning to go to work today?' 

'Yes but as soon as I have redeemed a pledge' I replied. 

'What pledge?' Razia inquired. I then told her all that had happened in the morning including my promise to Mary and Maya to screw them if they kept quiet. 

'Do you think it was a good idea telling the maids what you did? Won't they think that you are doing things behind my back' Razia inquired. 

'I thought about it but in my opinion it would be better if they did not know that you know about Shabnam and me' I replied. 

'Ultimately they will find out' Razia said. 

'Yes they might but why tell them. I think it is better like this' I replied. 

'Maybe you are right' Razia agreed. 

'Okay you two' I said addressing the maids, 'get your choots in madam's room I will join you in a minute'. 

Mary saluted me in military style and grinned, 'Yes sir'. 

Maya jumped up and down clapping her hands. 'Right away master' she said joyfully. 

After I had fulfilled my promise to the maids and filled their choots with my-cum I said, 'Razia I will be back by three'. 

When I returned it was five. 

'Where have you been so long? Razia complained. 

'Sorry my darling' I replied, 'I couldn't help it. I got caught in a meeting when I was about to leave'. 

'Come into the bedroom my choot is impatiently waiting to meet your cock again' Razia said with a smile. 

In the bedroom when I had reintroduced my lund to Razia's choot I had a short nap. My day had been quite demanding and I wanted to be at my hardest for the pleasure awaiting me that night. 

At the dinner table Shabnam was laughing and joking but Meera seemed to be in the dumps. 

At nine thirty Razia yawned, 'Boy am I tired! Meera go change or do whatever you do before going to bed and come to my room. I want to sleep early tonight'. 

As the girls left Razia said, 'Saheb come quickly to my room. Maybe we will find out what is biting Meera'.

In the room Razia switched on the 'Third Eye'. Shabnam and Meera were in the middle of changing their clothes. 'Shabbu this is the umpteenth time that I am asking you, tell me the truth why did you lie to auntie about our not sleeping well last night. I know you slept like a log?' Meera asked. 

'Meera this is the umpteenth time I am telling you that I was uncomfortable and therefore did not sleep well' Shabnam replied getting irritated, 'now don't waste time and change. Mommy is waiting for you. So hurry and go'. 

'So this is why she was sulking' Razia said. 

'Poor Meera, she doesn't know that she will get the answer to her question in the next ten minutes' Razia giggled, 'lover is ten minutes right?' 

'No, make it around twenty minutes. I must shave and take a shower' I replied.  

On the screen we saw that a sullen Meera going into the bathroom. Shabnam with a happy smile on her face, wearing a near transparent black nightie just covering her hips, stood in front of a full-length mirror combing her hair.

'Saheb I think you should leave. I don't want Meera to find you here' Razia said, 'hurry up and don't make it longer than twenty minutes'.

Dear reader in what is to follow you will notice that at some places I have reported conversations, which took place, when I was not present. These were however narrated to me later. For the sake of continuity I have taken the liberty to insert them at the time they actually took place. I seek your indulgence in this regard. 

After a quick shave and a shower as I approached Shabnam's room I spied Meera, dressed in a flimsy light pink nightie, knocking on Razia's bedroom door. 

'Come on in and get into bed' Razia said.

'Oh auntie what is this big screen? Is it a TV? I have never seen such a big TV screen before' Meera asked pointing to the 'Third Eye'.

'Sort of. Do you like to watch TV before sleeping? Razia asked. 

'I don't have a TV in my bedroom but if you are going to watch then I would love to join you' Meera replied. 

Razia switched on the 'Third Eye'. 

'AUNTIE it looks exactly like Shabbu's room. T..T..That girl looks like Shabbu. My god it is Shabbu' Meera said excitedly. 

'Yes it is Shabnam's room and that girl is Shabnam' Razia confirmed. 

I entered Shabnam's room. 'At last! Uncle I have been waiting for you since ages' Shabnam complained. 

'Sorry to make you wait but I had to make myself pretty for you' I replied and opened my arms. Shabnam glided into my arms smoothly and we kissed passionately. 

'Auntie it is uncle Sahebji. So this is why she lied. She wanted me out of her room' Meera said with satisfaction. 

'Shabnam you are a good kisser. Where did you learn to kiss like this?' I panted. 

'Oh I have had a lot of practice. I have been kissing boys since I was sixteen but in all other matters of love I am a novice' Shabnam giggled. 

'Shabnam let me look at your beautiful body' I said pulling off her. 

'Oh uncle' she said blushing. 

'My god Shabnam you are really very pretty' I said leading her towards the bed. 

'AUNTIE, AUNTIE LOOK uncle ne Shabbu ko nanga kar diya hai (AUNTIE, AUNTIE LOOK uncle has made Shabbu naked)' Meera shouted. 

'Yes child I am watching' Razia replied. 

As we reached the bed I took off my clothes and we both lay down on the bed. I started to kiss Shabnam's boobs and suckle her hard pointed nipples. 'OH uncle it feels so nice' Shabnam sighed. I placed Shabnam's hand on my lund which was now in full erection. 

'Auntie uncle Sahebji's laurda is so big, it is much bigger.....' Meera exclaimed but stopped feeling embarrassed. 

'Much bigger than you brother's. Is that what you wanted to say?' Razia said completing the sentence. 

'Oh auntie' Meera said blushing and covering her face with her hands. 

Shabnam felt my cock up and down and said, 'Uncle your lund is much larger than I remember'. 

'Remember? When did you see my cock before?' I asked feigning surprise. 

Without any embarrassment Shabnam narrated the whole story again and ended saying, 'When I reached puberty I vowed to myself that should I meet you again then I will present you with my cherry. The time has come to fulfill my vow. Uncle my cherry is yours now, please take it'. 

'Auntie did you hear that? Shabbu chahati hai ki uncle usski choot phardain (Shabbu wants uncle to deflower her). Aren't you going to stop them?' Meera exclaimed. 

'Meera what can I do? Shabnam is over eighteen and can take her own decisions. If she is determined to lose her virginity to Sahebji then there is precious little that I can do about it. You knew all about it, she told you this yesterday' Razia replied calmly. 

'Auntie you know?' Meera asked surprised. 

'Of course I know. Have you forgotten that I heard and saw everything that you two did yesterday night on that screen?' Razia said pointing towards the 'Third Eye'. 

'EVERYTHING? OH MY GOD! OH AUNTIE' Meera said blushing. 

From Shabnam's tits I moved downwards towards her cunt. On the way I stuck my tongue in her navel and rotated it. 'Oh uncle' Shabnam moaned. I spread her cunt lips with my fingers and started to lick her. Her pubic hair started to tickle my nose. I tried my best to stifle my sneeze but couldn't 'AH...AH AHCHOO' I sneezed. 

'Uncle you better be careful, you are coming down with a cold' Shabnam said sympathetically. 

'No Shabnam it not a cold but the hair growing on your choot are tickling my nose' I said rubbing my face. 

'I will shave them if you want' Shabnam offered. 

'Will you? That would be nice. Have you got a razor?' I asked. 

'Yes I have a ladies shaving set, which I use to clean my underarms. As this is going to be my first time you will have to help me. I don't want to cut myself' Shabnam said fetching the shaving set. 

'THE BITCH!' Meera said angrily, 'when I asked her to shave them she said 'No never' and gave me a long lecture on what God wanted etc. but see how readily she has agreed now'. 

'There is a difference between Sahebji and you' Razia laughed. 

'Yes auntie you are right. Uncle has a laurda that she wants desperately and I have only a choot like she has' Meera remarked wistfully. 

'Good' Razia laughed, 'you are a fast learner'. 

When I had finished shaving Shabnam's choot I said, 'See how beautiful your choot looks' I said pulling Shabnam to the full-length mirror. 

Shabnam took my lund in her hand and moved the foreskin up and down. 'Uncle your laurda is magnificent. I can hardly wait to feel it inside me. Come let us go back to the bed' Shabnam replied eager to lose her virginity.

'Auntie here I agree with her. Uncle's lund is truly magnificent. What do you say?' Meera remarked

'There can be no two opinions about that my dear' Razia replied.

'Now I can greet your choot properly' I said applying my tongue to it. 

'Oh uncle' Shabnam sighed. As I licked her cunt she kept moaning 'Oh uncle' 'Oh uncle' then suddenly she moaned, 'OHH AAAHHHHH' and came. I continued to eat her pussy. In a few minutes her body arched and she placed her hand behind my head pressing it to her cunt. I bit her clit lightly. Her bottoms kicked up, OH UNCLE" she moaned. 

'Oh uncle, please go on. Don't stop. I am going to come again. OH, OH UNCLE I AAAMM COMMMMING' she screamed and lay gasping for breath. I kissed her on her mouth and got on top of her. I rubbed my cock between the lips of her choot. 

'Oh uncle your lund feels soooo goood' Shabnam moaned. 

'Auntie I think uncle is going to pop her cherry now. I wonder how he will get his big cock in Shabbu's small choot' Meera remarked.

'Yes Meera Shabnam is about to lose her virginity for good. Don't worry Sahebji will shove his cock in her choot even if her bur (cunt) hole is as small as a pin hole' Razia said. 

Placing my cock on the entrance of Shabnam's choot I pressed lightly. The head of my cock entered. 

'OOWW that hurt' Shabnam shouted.

'LOOK AUNTIE the phallus has disappeared inside Shabbu' Meera said excitedly.

'I told you that it will go in' Razia replied. 

'Darling Shabnam it is going to hurt a little more' I said. 

'Yes uncle I know. Just do what has to be done' Shabnam replied bravely'.

Pulling back a little I shoved hard into her. Tearing through her virginity my cock half buried itself inside her cunt. 

'AAAAAYYYYYIIIIIIEEEEE UNCLE main mar gayi. Bahut dard ho raha hai (AAAAAYYYYYIIIIIIEEEEE UNCLE I am dying. The pain is much toooo much)' Shabnam screamed. Another hard stroke and my lance was fully engulfed in her love tunnel. 

Shabnam lay with tears of pain flowing from her pretty eyes. Kissing her tears away I said, 'Darling the painful part is over. Now you will only feel pleasure'. 

'It is all right. I am sorry to have screamed like that. It had to pain one day. Thank god it is over' Shabnam replied pushing up her bottoms from below. 

'Auntie uncle ka poora laurda Shabbu ki choot main ghuss gaya hai lakin usse kafi dard huyi. Kya such much itna dard hota hai? (Auntie uncle's laurda is fully inside Shabbu's choot but it was quite painful. Does it really hurt so much?)' Meera asked. 

'Why are you asking me? You are the expert. Last night you said you could tell how much it will hurt by just looking at the choot and you did look at Shabnam's cunt' Razia smiled. 

'Oh auntie you know that I was only fibbing. I wanted to check whether Shabbu was still a virgin or not. Please tell me' Meera said blushing. 

'Why don't you find out for yourself? I am sure Sahebji will be only too pleased to deflower you too. Shall I ask him?' Razia laughed. 

'No thank you I am fine the way I am' Meera replied but a little too quickly. 

Razia smiled to herself. 'It seems Meera is also quite ready to lose her virginity' she thought, 'maybe I can persuade her tonight and Sahebji can do the honors tomorrow'. 

Meera sat cross-legged on the bed with her eyes glued to the screen watching each and every movement intently. 

At first I started to fuck Shabnam with long slow strokes. Then I varied the speed and the strength of my strokes constantly. With each inward stroke Shabnam said 'Ow' softly as my cock rubbed against her torn hymen. Soon the 'Ow' changed to 'Oh' and then to 'Ah'. After about five minutes she moaned, 'Oh uncle it feels nice'. I continued the in and out movement. Her body arched and with a loud 'AAAAHHHHH' she released her love juice. 

I did not stop but continued the in and out movement. Soon she was moaning with pleasure again. Her hips began to move in rhythm of my strokes. 'Oh uncle it is heavenly. Oh don't stop. Uncle, move a little faster. Y..hes like this. Fuck me harder y..hes. Y..he y..hes. OH I think I am about to cum'. 

'Darling I am also about to cum' I panted. 

'Y..hes uncle cum inside me. Fill my choot with your cum. My god I am there OH UNNNCCCLLLEEEE' she screamed and lay gasping for breath. After a few strokes I also shot my load inside her choot and fell on her heaving breasts. For several minutes we lay inert basking in the afterglow of our first fuck. 

'Oh auntie is fucking really so wonderful as Shabbu makes it sound?' Meera asked blushing.

'Darling I have told you before that you should find out these things for yourself' Razia replied. 

Meera said, 'Oh auntie' and hid her face in Razia's breasts. The sheet covering Razia shifted revealing that Razia was naked. 

'Auntie you are naked!' Meera exclaimed. 

'Why not! Remember you yourself said that sleeping naked feels nice' Razia replied with a smile. Meera blushed but kept silent. 

Soon my limp cock slipped out of Shabnam's cunt and I rolled off her. Shabnam kissed me passionately, 'Uncle it was lovely. I must also thank your dear lund' she said taking it in her hand. 

'Auntie Shabbu has honored her vow. She has given her cherry to uncle Sahebji' Meera said, 'is fucking really so nice?' 

'Yes you are right. My daughter is now a woman' Razia said with a deep sigh, 'Meera I repeat that if you are so keen to know then find it out for yourself. Only help I can give is that I can request Sahebji to fuck you also. What do you say?' 

'You think he will agree I am so dark?' Meera asked doubtfully.

'You may be dark but you are as pretty as a picture. Yes believe me, that is what Sahebji said about you and he should know, he is an artist' Razia replied.

