 Dear Reader:

This story is about a "housewife", that means she is married…if you do not want to read about adultery please do not continue. Otherwise…enjoy! 

Thank you! 

V.A.

© 2004 V. A. Alexander

I woke up in Jackson's arms; I looked around for a clock and saw one on his nightstand. I rolled off of him and turned the clock to face me. It was almost 2:00 am. I climbed off the bed and went downstairs to use the restroom. As I approached the bottom of the stairs I heard my cell phone ringing. I ran the last few steps and grabbed my phone out of my purse. I looked at the display, it was Irene.

"Hello?" I whispered.

"What the fuck are you doing Raquel? I've been calling you for over an hour!" She yelled into the phone.

I was still a little groggy but I was coming to the realization that I was in deep shit.

"Ummm, nothing…" I stammered.

"BULLSHIT! Your husband would only call here if it was an emergency. You weren't answering your cell phone and he DID call here." 

"What? Oh my god, what did you say Irene?!" I was panicking.

"Don't worry, I covered for you, I told him you were crashed out…too much wine. I happened to mention that your cell phone was dead in case he called again."

"Thanks Irene, I owe you one." I sighed with relief.

"Oh no you don't, spill it! I wanna hear all the gory details. Who is he?" She whispered.

"Who is who?" I tried to play dumb; I knew she wouldn't buy it.

"I said spill little sister, I want to know exactly what I'm lying to your asshole husband about. May I remind you, it's because of me that he thinks you're crashing here tonight."

"Well…umm, I met a guy yesterday…" I started.

"Yesterday? Damn sis, you work fast! How was it?" She sounded positively giddy.

I couldn't lie to my sister and I HAD to tell someone…

"Irene…it was amazing! I'm in total lust, he's gorgeous and he's the best fuck I've ever had." I cooed.

"Oh puhleeze! You've fucked...what…two guys?"

"Three…well four now." I giggled.

"Yup, you got it bad! You're dick whipped!" She laughed.

"Shut up! I just met him…I can't do this again. It's a one time deal."

"Oh really? Tell me that in the morning!" She laughed loudly and hung up.

I stood in the dark bathroom and looked around. I turned my phone off and dropped it back into my purse. I washed up and used the bathroom before climbing back up to Jackson's bedroom.

When I walked in the room he was standing near the window with his clothes on. I was still naked and feeling a bit underdressed when he turned and looked at me.

"I thought you left so I got dressed and ran after you. I heard you on the phone so I came back up to wait for you."

"I was worried when I saw the time; I had to call my husband."

"Will you need to leave now?" He asked quietly.

"Only if you want me to, otherwise I'm yours all night."

He smiled wickedly and walked towards me, by the time he was within kissing reach he was naked again. We kissed and made our way back to his bed. He pulled me on top of him and we made love until the sun came up. We took turns being on top, we took turns pleasing each other orally and we finally fell asleep in a 69 position around 7:00 a.m.

I woke up at noon wrapped in Jackson's arms. I smiled and fell back to sleep until Jackson woke me up by burying his face in my pussy. After he licked me to orgasm he climbed on top of me and made love to me slowly. We climaxed together and rested in each others arms.

We finally climbed out of bed to use the bathroom and shower. When we were dressed we walked to his car and drove to the same café we'd had breakfast at the day before. I called my husband and let him know Irene and I would be spending the day together, he was fine with that as long as I called him the next time I decided to stay away all night. I agreed and we parted with an "I love you" and a promise from me to call him when I was on my way.

It was a weekday so Jackson was missing work, I found out he called out for several days after we met in the parking lot. I guess he knew we'd be having an affair before I did, I didn't mind at all, I was happy to be spending time with him. We window shopped and sat in the square under a tree. It was romantic and the sexual tension was mounting again. Without saying a word we walked back to his car and drove to his house.

We didn't make it into the house. He parked in the garage and pushed the button to close the garage door behind us. Before we could get into the house I was on top of him kissing him and he was pulling his pants down. I quickly (but not easily) stripped out of my pants and was riding him before the garage door had fully closed.

We scooted over so the steering wheel was no longer pressing against my bottom; we sat in the front seat fucking like teenagers. I rode him hard; the car was bouncing up and down and creaking as I fucked him. He started moaning, his cries getting louder and louder as I came on him. I felt him explode seconds later. I climbed off of him and got out of the passenger door. I grabbed my clothes and ran to the door and waited for him.

He smiled and got out of the car; he grabbed his discarded pants and walked towards me. He kissed me softly and opened the door to the house. We managed to get into the kitchen before we attacked each other again. This time he pressed me against the wall and lifted my right leg. I felt his erection pressing into my belly; he was still wet and sticky from the car.

I lifted my other leg and wrapped it around his waist. He positioned me above his cock and slid me down his long shaft. I screamed as he picked me up and slammed me up and down on his cock. I wrapped my arms around his neck and let him control the rhythm of our fucking. He fucked me fast and hard, I bounced up and down his shaft, my breasts squished against his chest but still managing to bounce up and hit his chin. 

I pulled back and let my tits fall in front of his face; he stuck his tongue out and began flicking my nipples, taking turns with each one till they stood out. He bit and sucked the hard peaks till I was cumming again. I cried out his name and held on to him as my orgasm knocked me senseless. I opened my eyes and realized we were moving. He carried me to an island with a small sink and a large counter. He sat me down and I leaned back onto my hands as he grabbed my hips and began to slide slowly in and out of my pussy. He kept a nice slow rhythm, grinding his full length into me then sliding all the way out. He seemed to grow with each thrust, filling and stretching me with his massive cock. I felt his balls tightening against my ass and it pushed me over the edge again. I came just as he exploded inside me.

When we were finished we walked upstairs and showered. We came back down to the kitchen to retrieve our clothes and get something to drink. I was dehydrated from the activities of the past day and a half. He dressed as I downed a huge glass of water. I dressed while he downed two glasses of water.

"When do you need to get back home?" He asked as he rinsed our glasses and put them in the dishwasher.

"Well, he thinks I'll be out till after dinner."

"Would your husband mind having you away another night?"

"I don't know if he'd agree to that, I can't stay away forever, I have to go home eventually."

"I understand but I'd like to see you again."

As I thought about it I knew I had to see him again, if I couldn't spend another night with him soon I'd go crazy. I guess Irene was right, I was dick whipped…big time!

"I want to see you again; we'll have to work some things out."

So we did, we sat down and planned out days we could get together for several hours. As it turned out he wanted to fuck me as often as I wanted to fuck him, it was perfect.

We arranged to meet up every other day. Since we'd spent the night together we figured I should go home and we'd meet up again the next day. We'd meet at the auto body shop to pick up my car, then park it and drive to his place in his car. After everything was set and we had exchanged cell phone numbers he dropped me off at the rental car. He was going to be there with me when I picked up my car, I couldn't wait to see him again.

I arrived home to an empty house, I ran upstairs and showered and changed. I made sure there were no marks on my body to give away my sin…I was feeling pretty damn guilty now that I was home. It was barely 5:00, James was at his mothers' house for the night and Howard wouldn't be home until almost 8:00. I sat in the living room and thought about the events of the past few days. I couldn't believe I actually had an affair with a total stranger. I was beginning to believe it was all some crazy fantasy when my cell phone rang. I looked at the display, "Private", it had to be Jackson. I quickly answered it.

"Hello?"

"Thank god! I was afraid I'd dreamt the whole thing." He laughed softly into the phone and my insides turned to jelly.

"Oh it's me, I was just thinking about you too. I'm glad you called."

We spent the next 2 hours talking about ourselves and getting to know each other. By the time Howard arrived home I knew Jackson's life story. I greeted my husband with a kiss on the cheek and we went into the kitchen to eat a late dinner. We didn't talk much, he asked how my time with Irene was, I lied and knew he'd never find out…Irene would never tell. Keeping the secret was eating me up inside. I felt guilty about cheating on Howard yet part of me was so turned on that I had fucked another man…and he was amazing. I didn't know what to think or how to feel.

We went to bed before 10:00 and he was asleep and snoring by 10:15. Once I knew he was sound asleep, I crept downstairs and called Jackson. We talked on the phone till after 3:00, we finally agreed we had to get some sleep. We said our good byes and I climbed into bed with my husband. I watched him sleep and wondered how long I could carry on an affair before he found out or before I got tired of lying…we'd see.

The next morning I woke up after Howard had left; I showered and dressed for my day with Jackson. I chose a short gray skirt with a white cap sleeved shirt. I opted to go without panties; I knew Jackson would love that. 

We met up at the car rental agency then went to pick up my car. After we picked up my car he followed me to the parking lot and we left my car there. On the way to his house he slid his hand onto my thigh; I put my hand over his and felt the familiar electric current running from the point of contact. I had never before felt such passion for another person, it was intriguing. I again began to wonder how long I could keep this secret from Howard. I'm not a good liar and I was scared I'd blow it before the week was out.

We arrived in his garage a little after 9:00 a.m. We walked hand and hand into the house and up the stairs to his bedroom. We undressed each other without saying a word and began kissing and exploring each other with our hands. I ran my fingers through his silky hair and trailed them down his neck to his broad shoulders. His body was magnificent; he looked like a sculpture, beautiful and hard. His skin was cool and so soft I was afraid it was softer than mine. I relished the feeling of his cool flesh under my warm fingers, he moaned softly as I raked my nails down his back to his buttocks. I grabbed his firm cheeks in both hands and began to knead his smooth flesh.

We continued to kiss, all the while feeling each other and learning the others erogenous zones. He found one of mine, my wrist. He held my right wrist to his lips and began to kiss and lick it. I felt my insides melt as he began to nibble on my tender wrist, sucking softy and licking with his warm mouth. I thought I was going to cum but I managed to hold back until he finally released my hand.

I looked at him and smiled, he looked so sexy standing in front of me with his smooth dark skin and flawless looks. Even his cock was perfect. It was long and thick and had that perfect upsweep, the small curve that manages to hit your g-spot without much effort. He puts effort into though, and that makes it even more difficult because he can make me cum like a woman possessed. His effect on me is frightening; it's scary to feel something so powerful for someone I just met.

The days turned into months and pretty soon autumn was upon us. Jackson and I had been carrying on our affair for over 4 months. I couldn't believe I was getting away with it. Part of me was proud of myself for managing to keep it a secret but the other part of me was in utter turmoil because I was betraying my husband.

After 5 months I knew I had to come clean with Howard. I couldn't continue to carry on secretly, I love Howard but now that I've experienced another side to myself and to life I had to take the opportunity. I made up my mind that I would sit down with Howard and tell him what was going on. I knew in my heart that he does love me but I also know he doesn't feel for me what I've felt with another man. I didn't know sex could be so liberating and wonderful. I used to be so naïve about sex, I had limited partners and we did limited things. I thought oral sex was something that should be done occasionally (like once a year) rather than several times a day.

I look back at my life and wonder, how the heck did I become so inexperienced when it came to sex. Why did I let myself believe it had to be only one way and that way was usually a few minutes of humping before he came and rolled away (falling asleep in mid roll). I had no idea the sensations and tastes that were waiting for me "out there"; I was going to be selfish for once in my life. I was taking control of my actions…

I had no idea what I was getting myself into.

********************************************

After Halloween I sat down with Howard and told him everything. At first he was angry (I expected that) then he was hurt (I expected that as well), he even cried (so did I) but then…he said something that blew my mind.

"I already know Raquel." He said quietly.

I thought my heart had stopped beating.

"What?" My voice sounded flat and strange.

"I knew something was going on with you, I had a feeling you might have been seeing someone so I sort of spied on you." He actually sounded embarrassed.

"Are you serious? Why didn't you ask me? How long have you known?" I was stunned.

"I found out for sure two months ago, I knew you weren't at your sisters so I followed you one day." He looked up at me and what I saw in his eyes was a mixture of pain and such hunger it made my insides do a flip. "It didn't take me long to figure out who he was, Jackson, that's his name, isn't it?" He looked intently at me.

"Yes."

"Once I knew who he was, I followed you to a restaurant and watched you two eating. My first reaction was to storm in and confront you. I couldn't believe how beautiful and sexy you looked. I started to get out of the car and when I stood up; I realized I had a huge hard on. I sat in the car for over 2 hours before you finally came out, then you drove to his place."

I took the opportunity to apologize to him; I didn't mean to hurt him. I wasn't sure how to react about him being aroused so I didn't mention it. He continued to talk quietly about what he saw.

"I parked the car around the block from his house then walked back and sat on the side of his house, I think it was his bedroom because I heard the two of you…making love." He stopped talking and went to fix himself a drink. When he sat down he sipped his whiskey and continued to tell me about that night.

"I couldn't believe what I was hearing. You were screaming like a crazy woman, you were saying things I knew I'd never hear. I wasn't upset anymore, I was happy that you found someone that could do that to you. I also knew that I had to see the two of you doing it, you know, with my own two eyes. Hearing was one thing, seeing was different."

He drank his whiskey in one smooth swallow and placed his glass on the coffee table.

"I finally saw what I needed to see. You told me you were spending the weekend in Santa Barbara with your sister but I knew you were going to be with him. I followed you two to a hotel off the coast. While you were out to dinner with him the first night I paid a maid to let me in your room, I said I was your husband." He chuckled softly before continuing. 

"I pretended I needed to get something out of the bathroom, when she turned her back to me I unlocked the connecting door and we left the room. Later on I checked into the same hotel and requested the room next to yours. I waited for you to get back and relax before I opened the door." He looked up at me and he was blushing, I couldn't believe what he was telling me.

"I heard the bed moving and knew you two must be getting ready so I quietly opened the door leading into your room and watched the two of you kissing. You were half naked and your skin was all flushed and you were breathing heavy. I was never so aroused in my life. I watched him undress you completely, when he removed your bra I saw him devour your breasts. I couldn't believe you were letting him kiss and touch you that way. I never imagined doing that sort of thing."

He got up and refilled his glass. He offered me a drink but I said no, I didn't think my churning stomach could handle the booze.

"You were sort of straddling his lap with your breasts in his face, he was mauling you and you were loving it. I saw him stand with you still attached to his body, you were clinging to him like he was your lifeline and all I could think about was how sexy you looked."

He swigged his whiskey in one shot and sucked air through his teeth.

"He had stripped his pants off by now and I watched you writhe around in his arms then I heard you begging him to…fuck you. You were saying such erotic things; I couldn't believe my wife was that woman clinging to a strange man with muscles I couldn't compete with. He sat back on the bed and you pushed him back. You had your back to me and watched you position your…vagina over his penis; you screamed his name as you slid down him. I came in my pants right then, while you made love to a stranger named Jackson. I closed the door and locked it but I could still hear you screaming and moaning, I heard him yelling your name and grunting like a wild animal. I came twice more before I finally fell asleep."

I didn't know what to say so I just sat silently while he refilled his glass and sat next to me.

"You're not the woman I married Raquel. The woman I married doesn't have sex with strangers, the woman I love doesn't scream other men's names, the woman I fell in love with would never cheat on her husband."

He sipped his drink then set it down; he took both of my hands in his. I was trembling as he brought them to his mouth and kissed the tip of each finger. He took my hands and pressed them into his lap. I felt the unmistakable bulge of his erection. He felt enormous and hot through his slacks. I looked up at him and waited for him to speak.

"I don't know you anymore Raquel. Part of me is sad that you're gone but the other part of me is so excited at the new woman I'm living with. Every night after you fall asleep I go in the bathroom and masturbate with the image of you on top of that man. I don't know why but seeing you that way gets me aroused and I can't explain it."

He leaned his head back and closed his eyes; I took that as my cue. I slowly began to open his fly and ease his swollen cock out of his shorts. I had never seen him so hard, the head was almost purple and it was covered in pre-cum. I licked the tip of his cock and he moaned softly. I slowly wrapped my lips around his slick head and began to ease him down my throat. When he was more than halfway down my throat I began to swallow and contract my throat around his cock. He moaned louder this time and placed his hands on my head.
