 Brandi left for her monthly Wednesday night Happy Hour meeting with her friends. As per her usual she was dressed to tease any male that gazed upon her. 5" stilettos, a cleavage inducing strapless flowered sun dress that fell about 6" below her ass and nothing underneath. She looked amazing.

Within five minutes of her leaving my make-up artist was there and doing me up to look like I've been roughed up. Blackish eyes a cut on my cheek and blood trickling from my mouth. I put on ripped clothes. Trevor, Sid and Donnell arrived shortly after looking very much like thugs. We went about knocking things over, opening drawers and tossing clothes about to make it look like they were searching for valuables. The place looked a mess. Exactly as planned. Brandi text'd me she was on her way home so I sat down in the bedroom chair and the guys secured me to it with duct tape. Before they taped my mouth we went over what was going down again. They understood they could rough her up a little and cause her some intense pain even hurt her if necessary to sell the fantasy. But not take it too far where she got injured. I had a safe word I would yell if I thought it was getting out of hand.

"Don't worry man, we know how too handle white bitches." Sid assured. 

We heard the garage door open and the guys scattered. 

"Honey, I'm home" a half intoxicated Brandi yelled from the kitchen. Her stilettos echoed down the hall as she approached the bedroom. She half screamed when she saw me slumped over in the chair. "Oh my God, oh my God what happened?" she screamed bending down pulling the tape from my mouth.

"We're being robbed, they're still here get out and call 911 before they see you." I ordered. "Go, go go."

Panicked and confused Brandi started to get up but it was too late. She screamed in terror as Trevor grabbed her by her elbows and yanked her to her feet.

"What have we got here" Trevor sneered as Brandi screamed again. He slapped her across the face just hard enough to get her attention. Squeezing her cheeks together giving her fish lips he barked "Shut up bitch we don't want any trouble." 

Brandi panted in fear her eyes big as saucers when the other two guys joined them.

"What the fuck is all the noise...well, well who do we have here?" Sid quizzed approaching my wife and checking her out.

"Thats my wife, leave her alone you punks." I barked.

"Shut the fuck up asshole." Donnell said pulling a punch to my stomach. "Oomph"

Brandi shrieked again which caused Trevor to cover her mouth with his large hand. "You gonna shut up white bitch." he chastised. 

With Trevors hand firmly on her mouth Brandis eyes still wide nodded a yes.

Trevor removed his hand and grabbing her arms snapped her back into his muscular chest then wrapped his arm around her throat. 

"Please don't hurt us." Brandi pleaded desperately. 

Smiling evilly Sid checked her out. "This may not have been a washout after all." He ran his hand across Brandis quivering lips. "Damn those are some fine cock sucking lips your wife has here. She suck your cock?" 

"Leave her alone." I shouted.

Trevor spun her around to get a look. "Damn, she pretty too. Those are some fine cock sucking lips you have there beautiful." 

Brandi whimpered as tears began to roll down her cheeks as Trevor roughly grabbed her by her head with both hands and forcibly kissed her. 

Brandi sniveled as Trevor held her head firmly and continued to kiss her. He stuck his tongue as far down her throat as he could.

Donnell was examining her backside rubbing her ass through her dress. "Damn, bitch has a fine ass on her too." 

Sid lifted her dress revealing her naked sweet ass. "Fuck look at that, white bitch aint wearing any underwear. She's just begging to get fucked." Both him and Donnell rubbed a cheek appreciatively. Sid gave her ass a hard smack causing Brandi to squeal the best she could with Trevor still kissing her. He took his hand and reached between her legs and grabbed her like a bowling ball. His thumb diddled her asshole while his fingers gripped her pussy roughly massaging her most intimate of areas.

Trevor broke his kiss and Brandi gasp for air. 

Sid lifted her dress up to her waist exposing her shaved pussy to Trevor. "Damn the pussy's shaved." Trevor extolled. "This bitch is made for fucking. Look at those dainty pussy lips on this white bitch. Too bad we're gonna tear that up" he laughed looking over at me.

Brandis tattoo above her ass was now exposed to Sid and Donnell. "Damn, look at that a tramp stamp. "You a tramp?" he quizzed. When Brandi didnt answer he hauled off and smacked her ass again. Brandi cried out in pain. Grabbing my wife by her hair he whipped her around bringing her face to face with him. "I asked if you was a tramp bitch." 

Frightened and breathing heavily my whimpering wife just slowly shook her head no.

Smiling broadly a gold tooth smile he warned "You won't be able to say that after we're done with you." 

Brandis eyes got even bigger. "Please don't hurt us. I've got money you can have it just leave us alone please." Brandi begged. 

"Who needs money when we got your sweet ass to tear up." Sid sneered as he kissed her roughly while rubbing and squeezing her tits through her dress. He kissed her for a while before biting down on her lip and pulling on it. 

"Owwww, Ow, Ow" Brandi whimpered loudly until he stopped.

Trevor pulled her head around to kiss her again while Sid moved down and and began biting and kissing on her neck and rubbing her pussy. He fiercely sucked on her neck leaving several large hickeys.

"Lets see those tits" Donnell demanded spinning her around as he grabbed the top elastic of her dress and yanked it down making Brandis big tits bounce free to the delight of her tormenters.

"Fuck look at those watermelons" Sid said grabbing a squeeze. "Those are some dick smugglers" he laughed as he gave them a slap. "Look at those puppies bounce."

Donnell reached in and started rubbing her other tit. "Fuck, they're nice and firm too."

"Thats cause they're fake" Trevor informed. 

"Whaaaaaaaaat" Sid said as he squeezed harder causing Brandi to wince in pain. "Nooooo."

Most rich bitches got fake tits. And, they love to show them off to anybody that'll look." I fucked my share of rich bitches with fake tits." he bragged.

"Is that true, you like to tease a brother with these plastic tits?" Sid admonished as he squeezed even harder.

Brandi whimpered and shook her head no.

Trevor noticed my wife's nipples were at full attention. He pulled her into him then cupped both her tits with his large black hands and squeezed making them swell. "Well lookie here her pink puppies are on high beam. I think she's getting turned on." Trevor shook her tits at me "I think your wife likes getting manhandled by black guys" he laughed.

When Brandi shook her head in an emphatic no Sid slapped her tit again making her squeal.

Donnell grabbed a nipple and stretched it as far as he could as Brandi cried out in pain.

Sid bent down and started sucking on the other nipple and Donnell taking his cue stopped stretching and started sucking. The guys roughly worked their mouths on her tits and nipples like ravenous dogs leaving several little hickeys.

Not to be out down Trevor knelt in front of her exposed pussy and closely examined it. "That is one sweet gash" he proclaimed as he started vigorously rubbing it. He shook it like he was beating an egg before he inserted a finger and started finger fucking her. "Better get a taste of that sweet thing before it gets tore up" he laughed as he latched his mouth to my quivering wife's clit.

Brandi was a sight with three black guys working on all her good stuff. She whimpered and cried when they got too rough which was most the time. Her legs twitched as Trevor worked his mouth and fingers on her pussy.

Trevor eventually worked three fingers into her love canal and maneuvered them around probing her. "Gotta get this bitch ready for whats coming" he warned as he bit down on her clit and pulled on it.

Sid stopped his assault on my wife's nipple and announced he was bored. He reached into his pocket and pulled out a switchblade and menacingly popped it open. He sneered as he ran it over Brandis tit and nipple. 

Brandi jumped in fear each time he touched her with it much to his delight. "You're gonna do whatever we tell you to do with no funny stuff, right?" he threatened.

Eyes wide with fear Brandi breathing heavily not sure what to expect nodded a slow yes. 

Pleased with her response he grabbed at her dress bunched around her waist. "Get naked tramp." Sid smiled "Make it sexy white bitch and leave the heels on."

Brandi clutched her dress and slowly shimmered out of it letting it fall to the floor.

"Damn, thats one fine piece of ass you have there husband, nice of you to share her with us." Donnell declared.

Brandi whimpered as she stood there looking stunning, naked, vulnerable and exposed to their prodding.

The guys took turns spinning her around so they could get a better look at her body. 

Each guy smacked her ass at least once making her yelp. They'd suck, squeeze and slap her tits making them bounce for their amusement. 

Brandi would yelp or shriek with each incursion on her body.

Sid grew tied of toying with her. "Time to earn that tramp stamp white girl. On your knees" he barked as he pushed my frightened wife to the floor. Undoing his pants and letting them fall to the floor he whipped out his thick 8" uncircumcised cock. "Open your mouth tramp." he ordered as he grabbed a handful of Brandis hair and whipped her head back.

"Owwwww." Brandi cried out as she involuntarily opened her mouth wide.

Sid shoved his cock into her mouth then started face fucking her by pulling her head back and forth by her hair. "Suck on it white girl" he barked. Sid was a big talker never really shutting up but it was hard to keep up with all he was saying. Mostly it was what he was gonna do to her and how she was gonna enjoy it.

Brandi gurgled and gagged on his cock as he manhandled her.

"Thats it baby, choke on it, choke on it" Sid coaxed. "You'll get used to doing this."

The other guys were now naked and stood around her presenting their cocks to her.

Donnell slapped Brandis face with his stout 6" dick with a plum sized head until she realized it was there. She reached out and grabbed it and squeezed before jacking him off.

"Use those cock sucking lips you got there" Sid ordered releasing his grip on her hair. 

Brandi closed her lips around his cock and gripping it by the base she began bobbing up and down on it. 

Sid slapped her hand away declaring "No hands."

She released her hand and continued to bob on his nob while she jacked off Donnell. 

"Look how natural she looks with my big black cock in her mouth" Sid boasted smiling menacingly at me. 

"Beautiful" Donnell added "She was meant to service a black mans cock."

"Hey husband see your nasty wife is sucking our big black cocks. You think she wants them in her tight white pussy next." Sid chided. "Don't ya sweetheart?" Sid teased grabbing Brandi's hair and shook her head yes for her.

Brandi groaned as she looked up at him in fear his cock still embedded in her mouth.

"Give me some of that mouth action white girl." Donnell said pulling her off Sid's cock and onto his.

Brandi sucked on his bulbous head for a bit cautiously taking more and more of him down her throat. Her cheeks swelled each time she went down on his shaft.

"Take it all tramp." Sid barked as he grabbed the back of her head and pushed Brandi completely down on Donnells cock tickling her nose with his pubs as she struggled to breath. They all laughed at her plight. "Better get used to it tramp thats just an appetizer wait till you see the main event." He worked her mouth around on Donnells cock by pulling on her hair until he felt she'd had enough. "I think you're ready" he laughed roughly pulling her off Donnells cock and around to face Trevor. 

There Trevor stood in all his 12" glory with his hands on his hips smiling broadly at the shocked Brandi. He wasn't even fully erect but his veiny one eyed monster twitched as it pointed threateningly down at my wife. Trevor approached her and bounced his massive tool on top of her head before slapping her face hard a couple times with it. "Suck it white bitch." he told her offering it up to her.

Brandi half in awe half in fear slowly ran her hand along the length of it before gripping it. Her hand didn't go all the way around Trevors black hose its was so thick. She took in its size, weight and heft almost hypnotized by it. "It'll never fit" she mumbled.

"I'll make it fit. You think you're the first tiny white slut I've fucked. You'll be begging for it." he laughed. "Spit on it."

Brandi repositioned herself before spitting on his big black python then continued stroking it with her hand. She used her other hand to cup his huge balls which until now went unnoticed. She stared mesmerized by the monster in her hands not sure what to do next. 

"Put those lips and mouth of yours to work" Sid barked pushing her head to Trevors cock. 

Brandi held Trevors anaconda in her hand tight and aimed it at her mouth. She cautiously licked the tip and ran her tongue along its underside before opening her mouth as wide as she could and engulfing its head. She stopped to adjust to its size before taking more into her mouth. Her lips stretched wide as she bopped slowly and deliberately up and down on the first four inches still gripping his balls.

"White slut wife of yours sure can suck a cock" Sid ridiculed me.

I know she can deep throat my 10 inches with ease now, but it took her awhile to develop that skill. Now she'd have to take at least another 2" of thicker big black cock down her throat. This was going to be interesting.

"Come on little white tramp you're not stopping till that cock disappears." Sid admonished smacking her ass. "You're our sword swallower now."

Knowing she was helpless to anything but comply she went to work on Trevor's cock with a cautious determination. Gripping the base of his cock for control she continued to take more and more of him down her throat. She gagged and coughed several times when she had about 8" firmly down her throat. Tears streamed down her cheek as the powerless Brandi succumbed to her fate of being used and abused by these black interlopers. 

"Fucking white bitch knows how to suck a cock. She'd make me a bunch 'o money." Donnell pined.

"Come on already I wanna fuck this little slut." Sid barked smacking her ass making Brandi sequel with her mouth full of Trevors cock.

"I have first crack at that pussy before it gets all stretched out." Donnell declared. 

Coughing and gaging Brandi cautiously bobbed up and down on Trevors monster each time taking more of him down her throat.

Trevor looked at me in amazement at my wife's cock sucking abilities and mouthed "Holy fuck" He gripped the back of her head and slightly pushed giving her an assist. "Come on baby two more inches and you'll be the first to ever take it all."

With that Sid gripped her head and shoved Brandi all the way onto Trevors cock. "We have a winner." he laughed mockingly. 

Brandi gagged and flailed about trying to knock Sids hands off her. She was really choking on Trevors horse cock and in a lot of distress. I was getting close to yelling out the safe word when the laughing Sid released her. 

Brandi collapsed on the floor gasping, coughing and gulping for air surrounded by her laughing tormenters. Her big full tits heaved with each gulp of air she inhaled. She looked smoking hot all sweaty with her hair a tangled mess her make-up smeared like a raccoon and running down her face. 

Sid grabbed her hair and pulled her screaming back to her knees then slapped her tits several times making her squeal. He pushed his cock back into her mouth. "Open that mouth, open it. Get back to work white bitch. Get us good and hard so we can fuck that tight white pussy of yours."

Softly sobbing with tears rolling down her cheeks Brandi started back on Sid's cock with an ease that wasn't there before she had Trevors python assault her mouth. My wife put her hands on Sids legs for support as she fucked his cock with her mouth.

Sid had his phone out and was now recording Brandi sucking his cock. "Look up at me you beautiful white bitch while you're sucking my cock." he ordered lightly smacking her face.

Brandi eyes wide open obediently looked up at Sid with his cock planted securely in her mouth.

"You like sucking my black cock don't you white girl, you want it don't you?" You're doing this 'cause you want to, right?" Sid coaxed.

With Sid's cock firmly imbedded in her mouth Brandi feebly nodded her head yes to the lens.

"Man you could make a fortune just with her mouth. A brother would pay a pretty penny for this white girl to suck his cock." Sid proclaimed to Donnell. "Hope her pussy's as good as her mouth."

Donnell pulled her over to his cock and she easily swallowed his stout smaller cock. "I may turn you into one of my whores." he declared. "None of them suck cock as good as you."

Brandi softly cried scared little moans as she took turns sucking on the guys cocks. 

Trevor slapped Brandis face with his black mamba until she turned her attention and mouth back to him. 

Brandi getting accustomed to his size sucked on him more aggressively now which didn't go unnoticed by the guys.

"White bitches protest but they love the big black cocks. We may turn her out yet. Our own personal black cock whore." Sid laughed.

"My own plastic big tittied white whore. That'll do whatever I say just to get more black dick." Donnell interjected as he squeezed Brandis tits.

Brandi continued her expert servicing of Trevors cock until he ordered her to suck his nuts.

Brandi eased her mouth off his cock and grabbing his black snake lifted it out of her way before engulfing his balls and sucking away. She swished his nuts around in her mouth as she slowly jacked him off. She sucked them deep into her mouth then pull away stretching his sack as fas as she could before going back to licking them.

"Ahhhhh, Fuck, white bitch has a magic mouth." Trevor moaned. 

Continuing to hold his cock up my wife released his balls from her mouth giving them a couple sexy flicks with her tongue before seductively licking her way up the underside of Trevors lengthy black shaft. When she reached the head she flicked her tongue around it slurping up some pre-cum. "Its so big" she whispered in amazement gripping it with both hands before taking as much of it into her mouth as she could. She started more enthusiastically bobbing up and down on his monster taking as much of him down her throat as she comfortably could. 

"Look at that tramp go to town. She was made to have a big black cock stuffed in her mouth." Sid laughed as he continued recording the action.

Trevor started groaning before grabbing her head so he could violently face fuck her. 

A frightened Brandi gurgled and moaned as she desperately gripped his anaconda with both hands trying to prevent him from inserting it too far down her throat. 

Trevor continued his oral assault on her mouth until he let out a guttural yell and exploded down her throat. "Argh!! Take it all white bitch." Trevor ordered as he held my squirming wife's head firmly on his exploding cock. Pulling out of her mouth he shot another large rope across her face and onto her eyes and hair. Another shot landed on her big heaving tits.

Her cum dripped from the nipples of her heaving tits as more cum trickled out both sides of the stunned Brandis mouth as she gulped for air. 

"Look what you did you little white slut" Sid said grabbing her by the hair and dragging whimpering Brandi over to me. "Show your husband what you got in your mouth" he ordered smacking her hard on her ass making her yelp. 
