 Diane checked her reflection in the mirror. In less than an hour, she was meeting David for the first time. They had been cybering for three weeks now and decided nothing would satisfy them more than reality. She stood at the mirror, black lace bra, garter belt with black stockings and felt proud. Once David had his hand between her legs he would be so pleased. She slipped into a short flared black skirt and a red button down blouse, just sheer enough so that her hardening nipples poking through the lace of her sexy bra were visible through the blouse. She was ready.

They met in the hotel lobby, exchanged pleasant public greetings and proceeded to the hotel dining room for lunch. It was a weekday, very few patrons were there. As he helped her with her coat, his eyes were riveted to the two sweet nubs pressing against the fabric of her blouse. He grinned, pulled her to him for a second and whispered "very nice." As they prepared to sit down, he put himself to her left and asked her to unbutton her blouse enough to show him what was underneath. She did so without hesitation and immediately his right hand reached in, found the fabric, searched beneath it and took possession of the nipple that was all but screaming for attention. He had her raise up long enough to put his hand beneath her, her thong availing her ass crack to his touch, his eyes gleaming with desire and anticipation. He continued to touch her this way as they ate, as they conversed about the world series, the weather, and oh yes, the thing that brought them together: their lusty sexual appetites and vivid fantasies. 

In particular, Diane wanted to be David's slut, pure and simple. When asked point blank one night during an online chat if that meant she would also fuck his buddies, she simply answered "of course, as long as you are there watching." He was very pleased with that answer and told her that he wished to take it one step further though, asking her to consider taking his friends by appointment, either into her own bed or at a location designated by them. It would always be one-on-one sex, unless David were present and had personally arranged for a group. Once the parties had finished their appointment, whichever friend had booked Diane would contact David and provide a full report. Diane was thrilled and aroused beyond belief. So many times she had fantasized online with men about threesomes, but they all either wanted to see her eat pussy (which she really wasn't sure she was interested in) or they just couldn't do it after all. Now it was almost real. 

David's fingers caressed her butt and Diane was eased out of her revelry of threesome images with David saying to her, "It's time to go. Let me walk you to your car so that I can get a better idea of what you have for me and my friends." They walked to his car instead, in the garage, parked alone on a completely vacant floor. Diane's first thought was perfect! I could get naked right here if he wanted me to….  Instead, David offered to drive her to her car. Once they were both in his car, though, everything changed. 

He reached for her, kissed her hard, and said "take those tits out now, show them to me." 

She immediately unbuttoned her blouse completely, unsnapped the front closure of her flimsy bra and squeezed them, saying "Here they are baby, just waiting for your hungry mouth." 

Without hesitation, David's mouth was on them, his hands moving between her legs, her legs parting intuitively, inviting him in. Her hips rocked as his fingers took possession of her hot and slippery slit. 

He took her hand and placed it on his crotch, his erection undeniable beneath his jeans. His free hand unzipped the jeans, then grabbed the back of her head, pushing her down between his legs quickly as he commanded in a rough voice "you bitch, bragging to me of what a great cocksucker you are. Show me now and don't stop until I'm ready for you to stop." 

It happened so quickly! Her mouth engulfed his hardened cockmeat, tasted the precum that was already oozing…she turned into an animal. He raised up her skirt and searched for the sweet little asshole she had tantalized him with online, describing it as the best little ass he'll ever fuck. His cock hit the back of her throat as his finger plunged into her private hole.

She moaned with pleasure. He spoke roughly, "feeling whorish enough yet, cunt? Don't you dare lift your head yet, not until you've swallowed this!" 

With those words he filled her mouth with such a load of sweet creamy cum, she couldn't swallow it fast enough. "You bitch, you really are a whore. You have no idea who I am, but you couldn't get my cock in your mouth fast enough, could you?"

She spoke finally…."I told you I was a slut, wanted to be your slut, your whore. Now do you believe me?" 

She sat back, blouse opened, tits out in the breeze. Her skirt was way up, garters and stocking tops visible. He reached for her thong, moved it aside and began to finger her. She strained to spread her legs more. He was stunned at how dripping wet her snatch was. 

His phone rang…his words were non committal…the call ended quickly.

"You pig" he said, "you really do have to open those legs, don't you. You bitch..I'm gonna fuck you day and night, and when it's not me, it's gonna be my friends. We've always shared women, but we've never had one like you."

His words aroused her even more and without realizing it, she gushed on his hand, bringing him a shocking pleasure. He bent down and hungrily and rougly ate her cunt. She reached down, spread her pussy lips apart to help him get his tongue in there more. She squeezed her tits. His fingers fucked her and her hips bucked in rhythm to his stroking. 

He brought his face up to hers and said, "Look at you. You're the dream whore I've searched for. You're really as hungry for it as you said you were. Oh you little bitch, are we gonna have fun. Get out of the car."

She got out of the car and he came over to her, pulling her blouse off her shoulders enough to let her keep it on, but making her appear more naked. She didn't care who saw. She loved showing her body off, loved public sex, another thing that had drawn David to her. She was a total exhibitionist and was hoping they would fuck in public today but couldn't believe it was actually going to happen.

He stood beside her now, raising up her skirt and gently fingering her cunt and said "I have a surprise for you slut. Do you hear that vehicle entering the garage, driving up the ramp? That's one of my friends..when I told him about you the other night, he didn't believe you were real. He called a few minutes ago to find out if I was really where I told him I would be, with you here. He's coming to see for himself. See, he and I have shared women before, but never one like you."

Diane closed her eyes…her head was spinning. The pleasure that had for so long been kept from her would finally be hers. Her inner thighs were coated in her pussy juices, trickling down to her stocking tops, dampening them. The smell of her sex filled the air. 

A vehicle approached them, a large man at the wheel. He pulled up along side them and parked, not getting out right away. 

He greeted David and said "so, she looks like the real thing alright." 

He greeted her with "hi baby, I'm Glen." 

She grinned back and felt David's fingers moving in deeply now, fucking her hard and fast. Her pussy was making very wet fucking sounds, her knees were slightly bent, legs wide apart. Glen feasted his eyes on this sex creature. If ever a woman were meant for fucking, it was surely this one. Tits out, bouncing around, his best buddy finger fucking her…she performed like a pro. This was one hot bitch.

Glen called out, "Hey baby, ready for the real thing?" and he opened his car door to reveal 8" of hard cockmeat…Diane gasped. 

David ordered "please him now." Diane bent over and took Glen's dick into her mouth. As she bent over, she felt David enter her from behind, 

Glen just whispered "ah, you're a fine slut. How do I taste?" 

Calling out to David he said "save some for me pal." 

Diane only cared about the sucking and the fucking. Glen's hips began to thrust and his meat throbbed in her mouth. He wasn't ready to shoot yet, no way, not with a cunt like this ready for the taking…he slowed the pace, watched his pal humping this hot broad, making her moan like crazy. Glen reached up and felt her tits, pulling hard on her nipples and she nearly passed out from the pleasure of it. David's pace quickened and his release was hot and quick. He pulled out of Diane, his cockhead dripping from his and Diane's cum. 

He spoke to Diane, saying "time to clean daddy off baby." 

Diane changed positions, bending over with her ass facing Glen, to clean off David. She sucked and licked and felt Glen's tongue on her asshole. His cock was ready and he pushed her aside to get out of his car. He pulled his pants down to mid thigh and leaned her up against David's vehicle. David stood to one side of Diane, spreading her ass cheeks to display her tight hole to his friend. She moaned at the pleasure of being displayed like this to a stranger.

David said "See? I told you she was a whore…she just wants to be naked and fuck as many men as she can. Isnt' that right bitch?" 

Then there was a resounding spank on her bare ass. 

Glen's cock couldn't hold out much longer. With one tug he tore the thong off her. 

"Sorry baby, I'll buy you a new one, but when I fuck a broad, she is naked. Spread those legs more, now." 

She strained, bending and spreading. Her cunt was wet enough for him to lube up his finger there, then bring it to her asshole. She jumped at the first touch. 

Glen said "You like it there baby, you've been telling my friend here for three weeks how much you like having your shithole fucked. Time to show me sweetheart" and with those words his finger slid in to open her up. The sensation filled Diane's head with a pleasure and a craving for more that could only be satisfied one way.

Glen's cockhead pressed against her hole and Diane pressed back. 

"Oh man, what a dirty nasty slut. We gotta get you a sign to wear: I let strangers fuck my ass." 

She was more aroused than ever before and pressed more against him, helping his cock slide in to her ass. They fucked like two animals in the wild, his hands gripping her hips tightly until he couldn't hold it any longer, spewing what felt like an endless river of cum into her asshole then quickly plunging into her cunt to fill her there too.

He pulled out and when she started to move David said "No bitch, don't move yet." The two of them stood behind her, watching. David whispering to her "You're gonna be so good for us, and we're gonna take such good care of you." She closed her eyes and thought this was heaven. She stood there, leaning against David's car, skirt up over her waist, legs spread, knees slightly bent, on nasty display for them as they watched their cum dripping out of her. She looked over her shoulder and saw David reach for his phone.

Glen said, "who the hell are you calling now, can't it wait?" 

David laughed and said, "no way, gotta send a picture of this to Dennis. " Oh my God! 

Diane couldn't believe it as she felt the phone being placed only inches from her ass as David captured the moment on his phone. She heard dialing, then David speaking "Now, don't you wish you had listened? Here, let Glen tell you…"

Glen took the phone and spoke, "Oh man, you should have been here. This is one hot slut. We are in for the time of our lives. She's perfect, aren't you honey? Here man, you talk to her for a minute. Say hello to Dennis, baby." 

Diane took the phone and spoke. "Hi Dennis…Yes that pic is for real, the two of them just fucked me a few minutes ago…tonight? Um…I better put David on…talk to him about tonight, ok?"