 Shelves of books loomed high above Marcie's head. Coupled with the dim light and near perfect silence, the bookstore reminded the forty year old of caves she'd visited earlier in the summer. Borrowing a small footstool from the next aisle, Marcie stepped up to one of her favorite sections of the shelves. The erotica section, naturally, was placed on the highest damn shelves in the store. Marcie stood on her toes on the small stool, straining to reach a new volume whose title she didn't recognize. As her fingers brushed the binding of the book, a quiet moan caught her attention. As soon as she began listening, however, silence fell once again in the deserted store.

Departing the adult section, Marcie strolled casually through the rows. A quick glance toward the front of the store confirmed that the girl working the cash register was no longer stationed at her small desk. Marcie guessed that she was helping the young man who'd entered the store shortly after herself.

Sure enough, the closer Marcie got to the back room of the store, the more easily she heard the grunts and moans of the girl and her lover. The slight liquid sounds and rhythmic sliding noises turned the woman on instantly; her nipples hardened beneath her blouse and a warm sensation rushed through her chest and down between her legs. Seconds later she found the girl, minus her clothing, lying flat on her back on a large wooden table. Her legs were hanging over a broad pair of shoulders and a large cock was slipping in and out of her pussy at a slow pace. The cock and shoulders belonged to the attractive, dark haired young man who Marcie'd seen earlier. The older woman glanced at the pile of clothes near her feet; the nametag on the discarded sweater read, "April".

"Well, well," exclaimed Marcie brightly, "are we having fun in here?"

The couple jumped noticeably, the glistening cock dropping out of April's slit immediately. The girl started to sit up but Marcie stepped forward quickly and pushed her back down by her shoulders. Bright red hair fanned out over the table, April began protesting indignantly. Her boyfriend simply stood between her legs, uncertain what to do about the aggressive woman.

"You get the hell out of here or I'm calling the police!" threatened April with as much dignity as she could muster in her position.

"Really?" Marcie asked, amused. "I'm sure the owners of the store would love to know what was going on when this wild woman attacked you!" Unconsciously, she began to softly rub her crotch against the top of the girl's head. The pressure felt good through her jeans shorts; Marcie never wore anything under her clothes. Such garbage did nothing but get in the way.

"Um, maybe we could work something out?" asked the young man at the end of the table. He was obviously embarassed and his erection had softened fast, but he seemed to be catching on faster than his girlfriend.

"We might," Marcie teased. "What do you suggest?" She released one of April's shoulders, as the girl had become passive in her curiosity. Her breasts were small but the nipples were disproportionately large. Marcie stared at them hungrily while pulling open the button on her shorts. The jeans fell to the ground, revealing a smoothly shaved cunt.

"I think we could handle whatever you have in mind," said the boy, grinning. To his credit, his cock was already hardening again.

"Wait a minute," began April.

"Since April's supposed to be minding the store, I guess she's the 

one who's really in trouble," Marcie interrupted. "A good spanking might teach her to mind better."

"You're probably right," answered the young man. He was clearly beginning to enjoy himself. The proof was growing between his legs.

"Give me those," commanded Marcie, reaching for April's ankles. The girl kicked feebly but stopped to shriek as her boyfriend delivered the first slap across her exposed ass. Smiling, Marcie pulled back on her captive's legs and rubbed her naked pussy harder against April's red hair.

"You can do better than that," admonished Marcie and asked the young man for his name. "Jonathon" was the reply.

"Well, Jonathon," Marcie continued, "you can do better than that! Slap this little girl's ass hard! I want to hear it, and I want to see some red skin down there!" Below her, April closed her eyes and groaned softly. This wasn't her first spanking, evidently. Jonathon smiled and smacked the backs of her thighs three more times, much harder than before. April cooed loudly and her lips parted.

Marcie immediately swung one leg up on the table, lowering her slick crotch to the captive face. April's tongue touched the other woman's clit hesitantly, then burrowed its way quickly into the depth's of Marcie's pussy. The brunette sighed and pulled back harder on April's legs, exposing more of her ass to Jonathon. His palm cracked against her smooth flesh four more times, being careful to cover every inch of the tender skin. Soon, April's ass and thighs were glowing bright red and Marcie was well on her way to her first orgasm. Wrapping one arm around both of April's ankles, Marcie tucked the girl's feet against her chest and reached down with her free hand to pull on the giant, stiffened nipples below her.

"I think she needs more serious punishment," decided Jonathon. He traced his finger in the slippery channel between April's legs before reaching to the floor for his discarded belt. Stroking his thick cock with one hand, he teased April's ass with the thick swatch of leather.

Marcie smiled and pressed her cunt harder against April's nibbling lips. The girl was eating her out with gusto, rubbing her nose and mouth hard against Marcie's convulsing channel. The older woman pinched April's thick nipple hard, sending the girl into a frenzy of lip-smacking lust. Marcie's body was shaking with her first climax when the first swing of the belt cracked against the girl's ass. April jumped, driving her tongue further inside Marcie than the older woman thought possible. The woman's orgasmic fluids began pouring over the girl's face and Marcie sucked one of April's toes into her mouth, licking at the sensitive skin between the digits.

At the foot of the table, Jonathon whipped the belt across April's tender skin twice more, leaving darker red lines which stood out sharply against the bright red hand outlines. These were followed by four carefully placed strokes to the backs of her thighs, and one to the back of each calf to top things off. Returning to her ass, Jonathon slapped the twitching flesh twice more before April began shaking with her own orgasm.

Jonathon dropped the belt and impaled the climaxing girl with his huge erection. Marcie pushed April's legs apart before leaning over, licking out furiously at April's clit and her boyfriend's cock as it slid in and out of her trembling body. The girl's skin was warm as Marcie sucked at the backs of her thighs, nipping at her lightly with her teeth. Jonathon groaned and thrust deeper into April's sopping cunt, stroking Marcie's shoulders with his hands and pulling her head toward the base of his cock. She licked at it obligingly, reveling in the taste of April's pussy as her boyfriend's dick slid in and out. Between her legs, the girl continued driving the older woman toward another orgasm.

Jonathon tensed abruptly and Marcie realized he was about to cum. Wrapping her small fist around the young man's tool, Marcie pulled him out of April's cunt and slipped her lips over the tip of Jonathon's erection. The first hot spurt of sperm shot against the back of Marcie's tongue and she moaned with passion. Her mouth filled quickly with the sticky juice as Marcie's head bobbed up and down on the pulsing cock. When his loins were finally empty, the brunette woman slid down off the table. Smiling to herself, Marcie deposited an upside down kiss on April's sticky mouth, letting Jonathon's cum drip from her mouth to the girl's. April rolled the liquid around in her mouth, wrestling her tongue with Marcie's for a few seconds before swallowing hard.

"That was fun," grinned Jonathon when the two women were done with their cum-filled kiss. "Let me tell you what else April has done wrong this week..."