 (If you haven't read Real Time yet, Diane has met David, her cyber lover who has promised to make her his personal slut, sharing her with friends and acquaintances...read Real Time for the full flavor)

*

Diane handed the phone back to David and as she did so she felt Glen pull her to him, his strong hands kneading her bare ass, lifting and spreading her cheeks. She kissed him hungrily and he freed one hand to begin fingering her pussy. He was not finished with her yet, no way. She was his kind of woman: hot, willing, ready, needy. Oh yeah, this little whore was very needy and he and David knew just how to take care of her. David was still giving instructions to Dennis on how his appointment with Diane would go and glanced over long enough to see Diane positioning herself on her knees in front of Glen. He couldn't believe his eyes, not only was Glen at full attention again, Diane was taking him right down her throat for an encore! What a treasure, he thought to himself; yeah, this was gonna work out real well for everyone. 

Glen beckoned, "Suck it baby, all the way to the back of your throat," as he gripped the sides of Diane's head. Suddenly his hips started thrusting and he was fucking Diane's face hard and fast. Diane was a sight, there on the concrete floor of the garage, her tits exposed and thrust out, Glen's fingers pulling through her hair. He moaned loudly as he shot yet another load of cream down her thirsty throat. He pulled his sticky cock out of Diane's mouth abruptly and rubbed the creamy coated pole along her face, her chin, her lips, then quickly stuffed his softening cock back into his pants.

"Well, well little girl. You have the look of a very satisfied whore. Here, let me help you with these" as he reached for her tits and started stuffing them into her bra and helping her with the bra's front snap. 

"True to my word, here you go. Buy one in silk. You're hot, sweetie. I'm gonna want more very soon. We're gonna take good care of you baby. Gotta run!"

To David he called out, "Thanks man. Best little slut you've ever found!"

With that Glen was in his car, speeding out of the garage. Diane looked down to see what Glen had slapped into her hand as he was leaving and gasped; it was a one hundred dollar bill. She stood there, blouse still opened, reeking of sex, used and just stared at David.

David just said, "What's the problem hon, I told you we'd take good care of you. Glen is a generous guy and for him to pay you this much first time means he is really taken with you. That's what I want for you. I know how you need cock every minute. I can't be there, you know that. But I can make sure you have what you need and that way we're both happy, right?"

  

She was thrilled beyond words, and nearly exhausted. All she wanted to do now was get home and relax in a hot bath. David snapped her out of that revelry quickly.

"You're going to meet Dennis in a couple of hours. Did you bring the bag I told you to?

She had forgotten all about that. When she and David scheduled their first meeting he asked her to pack a bag with her favorite sex toys and something sexy to wear just in case they used the company suite. The bag was in her car.

"Yes, I have it, but aren't you going home now?"

David chuckled, pulled her to him, holding her hands by her side while kissing her softly. 

"Yes my little slut, I am going home, my wife and I have a social engagement this evening. But Dennis will be plenty of company for you. And he has my permission to bring a friend along if he likes. Now make the most of your "break" and go on in. Here's the key. You'll be comfortable there. Take a nice long hot bath and get ready for more. Check out is noon so sleep late."

Diane was stunned. He had booked her! 

"David, how much does Dennis know about me, I mean, the things you and I have talked about, the fantasies, how much have you told him? What will he expect of me?"

David looked at her and said "He knows everything, baby. And he has a few fantasies of his own. What will he expect of you? Your full cooperation and undivided attention. Do you understand?"

She nodded yes. He drove her to her car to fetch her bag then dropped her off at the front door of the hotel. She turned to him and he leaned forward to kiss her cheek lightly. 

"Make me proud baby. I'll be watching."

She walked into the hotel, boarded an elevator, and proceeded to room 406. The door opened to a luxury suite, two king sized beds, sofa, desk and a room overlooking the highway that ran along the bay. She felt deliciously tired and longed to strip down to sink into a hot bubble bath. She entered the enormous bathroom and found more bath salts and soaps than she could even choose from! Settling on lavender, she poured a generous amount under the hot running water then proceeded to strip. She loved looking at her naked body but even moreso this moment. She parted her legs causing more of Glen's nasty cum to leak from her smooth pussy and spill to the floor. She felt well fucked and super sexy. Her breasts were still red from the pawing her two boyfriends gave them over the last few hours. She didn't care. They loved her cunt, loved her mouth, and now they owned her. This is just what she wanted: all the fucking she could handle while feeling safe. David adored her but couldn't leave his wife; she'd wipe him out. When he proposed "supporting" Diane's sex habit, she really didn't think he could come through but, oh baby, did he ever!

After the bath she lavishly powdered her tired body and wondered about this guy Dennis. What would he want? She really wanted to sleep and worried if she could actually become aroused again. Oh my God, who was she kidding? Her panties (when she wore them) were wet day and night! All she knew was that he'd use his own key to the hotel suite and her instructions were to be naked but for her red heels. She was to lie across the bed cross-wise with her legs spread as wide as they would go, so that when Dennis entered the first thing he would see was her gaping pussy. She checked her pussy in the mirror...it was still extremely swollen from the afternoon's romp.

She dried and styled her hair loosely, letting her natural curls fall around her face softly. Her make up was perfect, as always. She only had a moment left...she quickly positioned herself on the bed and waited to hear Dennis' key in the door. Within minutes, there he was, walking into the room, greeting her intimately with a quick kiss on each of her nipples. She shuddered as their eyes locked and his fingers immediately began searching her slit. 

"Sweetheart, you really are just what I wanted to find in here. David told me about this afternoon, yet here you are, spread and wet and needing more. Just the way I like 'em. You're quiet too, I like that." His fingers pistoned her cunt and she closed her eyes. Dennis stopped, then took her by each ankle spreading her that way, and forcing her legs back, raising her ass up enough to see that tight little treasure she had between her ass cheeks. He gazed downward on her, inspecting her.. 

"Yeah, our very own personal fuckhole. I heard from Glen, too. He said you really like hard cock up that tiny hole...no kidding? I mean, I'm gonna use your hot little snatch plenty, so is my pal Bill who should be here soon , but an ass fucker too? That's music to my ears baby."

Dennis then proceeded to kneel by the side of the bed and devour Diane's pussy with a hunger that she had never experienced before, and she had met plenty of men online just so they could eat her, so she thought she had seen it all. Dennis had a great way of using his teeth on her clit that made her squishy pussy flow like crazy. When he was finished, he sat her up, pushed her legs wide apart and told her to stay like that. He unzipped his fly to reveal a cock that was so beautifully formed Diane couldn't take her eyes off of it. He stood between her legs and took hold of her head, drawing her face to his dick.

"Suck it baby, just the way you did Glen. Make me cum buckets down that hungry throat of yours."

Diane knew she was a great cocksucker and she grinned as she looked at Dennis. He grinned back and pulled her head back roughly and forced his cock into her mouth all at once, hard, thick and long. Diane fought off a gag then felt her mouth relax. His free hand pinched and twisted one of her nipples. She loved this. She had dreamed about being used like this but never met a man who could make it happen. She worshipped David for this. Dennis reached for the waist band of his jeans and lowered them enough to free his balls. His cock was nestled in thick curly brown pubic hair. She licked and fondled his balls like a pro causing him to shoot hard and quick, then looked at his watch.

"Bill will be here any minute. Let's get you ready. Turn around, lengthwise on the bed and sit up against that pile of bedpillows. Yeah, like that...nice...love those red heels. Now give me your hands. David said you'd be obedient so just give me your hands; you're safe baby, I promise."

Diane wanted to know what was going on. "What are you going to do?"

Dennis produced soft rope from his coat pocket and anchored each of her wrists to the bedposts. Positioning himself at the foot of the bed, he was pleased with the vision before him. If this little whore was nervous, you couldn't tell. Her legs were spread revealing a glistening and swollen hairless cunt that begged for attention. He crawled up between her legs and began to eat her again. He reached up to squeeze those beefy tits of hers and he felt her cunt flowing with the arousal of it all. A knock on the door announced Bill and Dennis just called out "come in."

Dennis' tongue was fucking this sticky, flowing, sopping snatch when the sounds of a service cart startled him. It wasn't Bill. It was room service delivering some wine and cheese that David ordered for them from his car. Dennis pulled away and stood up, his cock completely hard and ready for fucking. Diane made no move to close her legs but quickly made eye contact with the room service guy who was in his mid 30s. He couldn't stop staring at her pussy. Dennis made no excuses, just chuckled and said "Um, guess I thought you were someone else. Don't blame you for staring. Isn't she beautiful? Wanna touch? Go ahead, she's mine. You can touch if you want to."

The poor guy didn't know what to do. He looked at Diane for an answer and she barely whispered "Please, he said it's ok. It really is. Do it. Touch me."

He didn't wait for a second invitation but instead approached the bed, his eyes fixed on that slit. He was a demon for bald pussy, especially one that glistened like this. He felt himself growing hard and cupped his crotch once as he wasted no time in burying a finger in her. Dennis watched the fun and moved to the other side of the bed to kiss his fucktoy then lavish his tongue over her tits as he teased Diane's mouth with his cock. His finger joined the room service guy's and the two of them were finger fucking her. Diane's legs were turning to jelly. Her belly quivered...

"Eat her. Go ahead" , Dennis commanded. "I know you want to. Every man who meets her dives for that cunt first thing." 

Their new friend got on the bed between her legs and lapped away at her cunt with a tongue that grabbed every drop of her nectar. She was shuddering over and over in uncontrollable orgasms, her arms still over her head in the rope restraints as the hungry mouth finally stopped working over her hole. She didn't care. The two of them could rape her, they could open the door to the room and invite strangers in. She just wanted it so badly and strained to open her legs wider and wider. Both men just stared into her glazed eyes. Her hips were grinding involuntarily and she began to draw her knees up slightly. She was whimpering and moaning.

"You need us, don't you baby. Look at you. When David told me he had finally found his own whore I couldn't believe it. We've always had whores but he never had one of his own. What do you want baby, tell Dennis."

He kissed her softly on her mouth, his fingers explored her ass. She gasped. He looked at the hotel guy.

"Got an idea here. You're in for something better than a tip."

Dennis reached down and slowly drew Diane's legs up over her head and held them there, totally exposing her ass, her sweet round cheeks spread apart to reveal that little hole so many cocks had claimed. 

"You first, be my guest."

This guy was something else...pretty hot for someone on the job! But he didn't waste a minute. Those pants were down and out sprang 9" of slender, hard cockmeat and Diane could only close her eyes and moan. 

"I know baby," said Dennis. "That ass of yours hasn't had cock in it now for what, 5 hours? Tsk, tsk sweetheart. Much too long. But don't you worry. You've got fuck buddies now. We're gonna use you night and day and your dirty cunt and your dirty ass will not ever feel neglected again, I promise."

And with that, he leaned over and gave Diane a long, deep kiss while motioning the other guy to come closer. He was there, cock pole aimed at the hottest target he could have hoped for. He fingered Diane's ass hole long enough to get it opened up and then pressed on with the head of his cock. He felt her anus twitch in response but open to allow it in. He moved in another inch and Diane was moaning softly...fuck me there, please..anyone..just do it. Please fuck my ass....cum in my ass...make me dirty."

 

He plunged into her deeply with a searing heat that coated every inch of his meat. He gasped at the sensation and plunged harder, Dennis watching as he held Diane's legs up and apart. Yeah, this is what he has wanted for so long. That fucker, David...how the hell did he find her? She was worth her weight in gold, fucking so mindlessly, so wantonly. He was roused from his thoughts with loud grunting. The other guy was cuming...

"Oh shit baby, feel that? Our new little play pal just dumped a load of hot cum into your shit hole. How does it feel?"

Diane felt the spewing up her rectum, into her bowels, he fucked her ass that hard. Still she giggled and in a throaty tone said, "how does it feel? It feels like more, mister."

Dennis was next. A sloppy ass fuck was just what he had in mind. This time the hotel guy held Diane's legs and sucked on her nipples but held his head sideways so that he could watch Dennis' cock work over Diane's cunt. He couldn't believe his eyes, the things he was seeing. This broad was queen of the sluts, for sure. She was beautiful, horny, nasty, and...

"You fucking bitch. You love this don't you? Oh David, please make me your whore....as he mimicked personal chats that David had obviously shared with his buddy. I'll be the best whore your friends ever had. I'll do it all baby, just please let me belong to you.

 

She should have been humiliated but wasn't. Instead she tightened her ass ring around Dennis with a shocking strength causing him to fuck his brains out then and there and lose total control, spewing cum all over her ass and deep inside her ass hole.

"Hold her legs up, don't move!" Dennis commanded.

He positioned his picture phone right at Diane's cunt and asshole, cum running down her ass crack, and dialed up David to send him the pic.

The hotel guy slowly lowered Diane's legs and positioned them as wide apart as they would go. Dennis quickly climbed on top of her tits and dragged his shitty cock across Diane's chin. The hotel guy was ready to go and wasted no time pummeling her cunt with his re-awakened cock and he fucked her like mad, hard and deep.

"You're a very dirty girl. I've heard all about you, how you need cock all the time, how you begged David to be his new whore so that you could fuck all of his friends. Well baby, you've got what you wanted. You filthy hot whore...take this!"

Diane felt her cunt being filled with a river of cum and she shuddered with orgasm number who-knows-what. The hotel guy jumped off her, standing at the foot of the bed, looking between those shapely sexy legs where that totally opened cunt was now oozing cum.

Dennis took one more picture, this one of her cunt and said, "Oh by the way, baby, meet Bill." 

* * * * * * * 

The two men finally left and Diane bathed in a steamy hot shower then slept until after 10 the next morning when the phone rang. It was David.

"I'm very proud of you darling. Dennis and Bill were very happy and no wonder, those pictures of you are outstanding. We'll have to talk soon about more than just two men. But for now sweetie, just enjoy the rest of your day. I'll call you tomorrow. Oh, be sure to take that envelope in the nightstand drawer."

With a click, he was gone. What envelope? Diane opened the drawer, opened the envelope, and couldn't believe her eyes...Enjoy the rest of the day? She could enjoy the next seven days with this!