 Rebecca began going to the library more often, getting more books and magazines to read at home, and to talk to the librarians. Eric didn't think anything of it, she loved to read, and the library was a norm at their house.

Soon, though, she was going every other day, sometimes a couple of times a day on certain days. Eric began to wonder if she really was going to the library, so he waited a few minutes and followed her a couple of times. Sure enough, she was going to and staying at the library. What he saw, though interested him.

...

A few weeks before, Eric had given Rebecca full permission to have as many girlfriends as she wanted. His only stipulation was, if she slept with any of them, she was to tell him about it. She didn't seem to wasting any time, but began talking to one of the pretty librarians.

Andrea was tallish and slender, with light brown hair that had light blue highlights at the ends. She was very pretty and pleasant to talk to, and she seemed to be getting along well with Rebecca as well, since they talked animated to each other. They texted when they were not face to face with one another, sometimes calling each other at night.

Eric no longer worried about Rebecca, but let her go and improve her relationship with Andrea, hopefully with the chance of them going further. He didn't have to wait long.

Rebecca came home one afternoon, smiling and in a good mood. Eric was working on cleaning the outside of the house, scrubbing and spraying the siding.

"Hey!" Rebecca said, smiling.

"Hey, yourself," Eric said, putting down the green garden hose.

"Do you mind if I go over to Andrea's house tonight for supper?" Rebecca asked.

You know I don't mind," Eric said, smiling a little too big.

"I didn't think that you were going to mind, but I wanted to ask you anyway." Rebecca said, ignoring his smile.

"Do you think that you will do...uh.. stuff?" Eric asked, tentatively.

"Do you think that we will end up having sex, you mean?" Rebecca asked.

"Well, that too," Eric said, smiling bigger.

"It's my first evening over at her place," Rebecca said. "So, probably not."

"...But, there's a chance, right?" Eric asked, narrowing his eyes.

"There's always a chance," Rebecca said, with a mock sigh.

"Are you going to at least try?" Eric asked, hopeful.

"I will only go as far as she wants to go," Rebecca said, honestly. "But I won't force her into anything she is uncomfortable with."

"I know," Eric said, bringing himself back into reality. "She's a really nice person."

"She is," Rebecca said. "And I don't want to push her away because I want something that she may not want."

Rebecca kissed Eric and drove to Andrea's small, gray single-story house. Andrea let in her in after a quick, warm hug, and led her to the kitchen. The room smelled like cooking food, boiling pasta, and simmering sauce.

"Here, taste this," Andrea said.

She dipped a clean spoon into the red sauce on the stove, blowing it off to cool it before moving it to Rebecca's lips.

"Mmmm," Rebecca cooed. "That's good!"

"It's a homemade sauce that I have been trying to make," Andrea said.

"Well, I think you have gotten it!" Rebecca said.

"I think that it still needs a little something," Andrea said, frowning.

"Maybe a little more basil?" Rebecca suggested.

"Basil?" Andrea asked. "I don't have any in there."

Andrea took out the basil and added some in and tasted it and smiled.

"That was it!" Andrea said, smiling.

She pulled Rebecca in for another friendly hug, holding onto her, while Rebecca hugged her back. Andrea hugged her for what felt like a little longer than what she should, but Rebecca enjoyed feeling her body against hers, not matter the reason. Andrea pulled away and smiled at her. Rebecca smiled back at her, unsure of why she was smiling, but when she noticed Andrea looking from her eyes to her lips and back again, Rebecca knew.

As they stood in front of the bubbling, good smelling food, smiling at each other, Rebecca leaned in to close the distance between them, Andrea's eyes widened and she stopped smiling. Rebecca was momentarily worried that she was moving too fast, too soon, but Andrea closed the rest of the distance between them. They both closed their eyes and pressed their lips together, connecting to each other for the first time. It was a soft and sweet first kiss, no tongue, but mouths together and slightly open, over and over again for many minutes.

"I was hoping that you were going to do that," Andrea said. "But worried that you weren't"

"I have been wanting to for quite a long time," Rebecca admitted.

"Me too," Andrea also admitted.

Andrea wrapped her arms around Rebecca's neck in a warm embrace, pulling her closer, and kissed her again. Her lips were soft and her breathing was a little faster. Rebecca held onto Andrea's waist, holding onto her sides, feeling her body beneath her clothes. Rebecca chanced and pushed her tongue into Andrea's mouth, feeling Andrea's tongue meeting hers.

They explored one other's mouth, touching tongues to each other, kissing deep. Andrea began feeling Rebecca's body through her clothes, feeling her sides and the outer edges of her breasts, hooking her fingers into Rebecca's pants, feeling the band of her panties and the flesh just above them. Rebecca began letting her hands feeling Andrea's body, boldly feeling her breasts through her black camisole, grabbing her ass and pulling her in closer. Andrea broke away and looked at Rebecca with a hungry look in her eyes.

"You're driving me crazy, Rebecca," Andrea said. "I can't control myself with you."

"I'm having trouble controlling myself with you, too," Rebecca said.

"Tell me what you want," Rebecca said, "What you like."

"I want to try everything, but..." Andrea said.

"But, what?" Rebecca asked.

"I haven't, uh..." Andrea stammered, looking for the right words.

"You haven't done this before?" Rebecca asked.

"Well," Andrea said, "I haven't went all the way with a girl. I want to, with you, and I'm curious..."

"It's okay," Rebecca said, "I'm a little curious, too."

Andrea leaned in and began kissing Rebecca kissing, sliding her hands all over Rebecca's body, underneath her blue shirt, and feeling Rebecca's flesh underneath. Rebecca put one hand under Andrea's shirt, feeling her naked side, the other she slid further up, feeling the underside of Andrea's breast. Andrea slid her hand up further, until she touched the lower limit of Rebecca's bra, and then further up so she could feel her breasts through her bra. With her other hand, Andrea slid her and down to Rebecca's pants line, and inside her panties, to feel the smooth hip flesh above and between her leg and pussy area.

They stayed, kissing and touching each other for a few minutes, caressing under clothes. Rebecca pushed her and into the front of Andrea's pants, feeling the soft, trim pubic hair that she had found there. She began softly rubbing Andrea's nether hair, slowly going further down, stroke after stroke. Suddenly, Andrea broke from their kiss, and Rebecca looked at her, wondering what was wrong, if she had gone too far.

"Screw it," Andrea said.

Andrea smiled at Rebecca and pulled her black camisole over her head, revealing her naked breasts. Rebecca followed suit, stripping out of her dark blue shirt and tan bra.

Andrea stood there, looking at Rebecca's breasts, then stepped closer while reaching up to feel her nipples with both of her hands. Rebecca caressed the outline Andrea's breasts, purposely avoiding her erect nipples. Rebecca kissed down Andrea's neck, to the tops of her breasts, then paused.

Rebecca could not believe what was happening, was Andrea going to let her do this?

Then, taking Rebecca's face in both of her hands, Andrea gently guided her chest to one of her nipples. Rebecca gently sucked it into her mouth, softly feeling around its puckered flesh with her tongue, then lightly flicked it. Andrea gently moved her head to face her other breast and Rebecca kissed her way across her chest until she reached her other breast, then slowly kissed her way up Andrea's firm breast until she could suck her other erect nipple. Rebecca held Andrea's hard nipple in her mouth while she gently flicked it with her tongue as well.

Andrea moaned when Rebecca gently pinched her other nipple with her fingers, softly rolling it between her fingers while she sucked on the other one.

After a couple of minutes of silence, Andrea spoke up.

"You do suck my nipples better than anyone ever has." Andrea said.

"Well," Rebecca said, "you do have beautiful nipples."

Andrea didn't say anything. Rebecca knew that she was having an internal struggle with herself. She was wanting to make a decision, and Rebecca hoped that she wouldn't decide to ask her to leave.

"I just can't stop myself from wanting you to suck my nipples," Andrea said. "You do it so soft and gentle. I have never had a guy make me feel the way you make me feel."

"Just tell me what you want me to do," Rebecca said. "I promise I won't go further than you want me to."

Rebecca almost felt like she was begging Andrea to let her touch her again, and perhaps she was. She wondered if that is how guys felt when they really wanted it. Then, without saying a word, Andrea reached down and undid her pants and slid then to her ankles and stepped out of them, standing there in only her underwear. Rebecca looked at her and followed suit, joining her, while Andrea looked at her hungrily. Andrea put her hands up, put them gently on Rebecca's face, and pulled Rebecca back to her breast.

Andrea's hands held Rebecca's head, her fingers lightly playing with her hair, while Rebecca sucked her nipple into her mouth again. Andrea let out a low moan when Rebecca sucked her nipple a little harder and flicked it continuously with her tongue.

Rebecca's clitoris was sending out throbbing electrical currents of sexual energy as she licked and sucked on Andrea's hard nipples. She needed to rub her clit, or have it rubbed.

Just like earlier, Andrea gently moved Rebecca off of her nipple, toward her other breast. Rebecca paused between her breasts, and pushed them against her face as she sucked at the soft crevice between them, making Andrea sigh. Rebecca then continued on to her other breast, kissing around its soft, swollen flesh, before slowly kissing toward her hard nipple. Andrea let out a sigh when Rebecca took it into her mouth.

"Oh, yes..." Andrea sighed.

Rebecca's clitoris was throbbing and she needed to rub it against something. She couldn't use her hands, one was pinching Andrea's other nipple and she was using the other to hold herself up, holding onto Andrea's smooth, naked back.

While slowly sliding her hand down Andrea's back, down her panty clad ass, and down her smooth leg, Rebecca continued to suck and lick Andrea's nipple. Rebecca gently pulled Andrea's leg until she slightly bent it forward. Rebecca straddled that leg and pushed her underwear covered pussy against her leg, slowly grinding against it, while slowly pushing her own leg up into Andrea's crotch as she continued to suck on her nipple. Rebecca felt Andrea's heat and wetness on her thigh, soaking through her underwear.

Andrea's hands never left Rebecca's head and hair, but gently guided her again, up further, to feel Rebecca's lips and tongue on her neck. Rebecca was almost delirious with pleasure, and she began slowly grinding herself harder against Andrea's leg. Andrea knew that Rebecca was grinding her clitoris against her, but she didn't try to stop her. Rebecca wondered how far Andrea had gone before with another girl.

Rebecca felt her breasts rubbing against Andrea's as she guided her up further, to kiss and suckle her ear. Rebecca kissed it, slowly encircling it with her tongue, before sucking in her ear lobe and breathing hotly into her ear. Then she guided Rebecca's mouth to hers. Rebecca gently traced her mouth and soft lips with kisses, then slowly sucked her bottom lip into her mouth, for just a second.

Andrea's mouth was open, and Rebecca let go of her lip and let her tongue trace around her open lips, until finally, when she couldn't wait any longer, Andrea pulled Rebecca in for a kiss.

Andrea allowed Rebecca's tongue to enter into her mouth, tongue finding tongue, and they explored each other's mouths. Andrea moaned into Rebecca's mouth as their kiss deepened, her hips began rolling, and Rebecca pushed her leg harder against Andrea's sex as she began to grind her clitoris against her thigh.

It was too much for Rebecca, she lost control as she felt herself on the verge of an orgasm. She began grinding herself hard against Andrea's leg, her hips going faster and faster as they kissed. She was thrusting faster, grinding her hard. Andrea gently pulled Rebecca from her kiss and moved her ear to her lips.

"Come for me," Andrea whispered.

She licked and sucked Rebecca's ear lobe, while she lifter her leg higher between Rebecca's legs, letting Rebecca grind harder against her.

Rebecca spread her legs a little further apart, no longer kissing Andrea, but thrusting herself against Andrea's leg as hard as she could. Rebecca felt Andrea's hands leave her head and slide down her body, grabbing a hold of her ass cheeks, squeezing them. Then Andrea moved her mouth down to Rebecca's nipple, sucking it into her hot, wet mouth, making Rebecca even more wild. Between her smooth leg and wet sucking mouth, Andrea had Rebecca thrusting hard and fast until she came in a bright, loud orgasm, making Rebecca yell out her climax. Andrea let go of Rebecca's nipple and looked Rebecca in the face while she came.

"Oh yes! Oh fuck yes!" Rebecca yelled.

Rebecca felt a torrent of pleasure as her orgasm consumed her, and she continued to thrust against Andrea, being immediately overtaken by another orgasm. Her pussy was throbbing, pulsing waves of pleasure throughout her body as Rebecca continued to come.

Slowly, Rebecca's body calmed down from her orgasm. She felt weak and had to grab a hold of Andrea's shoulders to hold herself up. Andrea let her leg fall from between Rebecca's legs to better hold Rebecca up.

Andrea never let her hands fall away from Rebecca, and she even held onto to her ass as Rebecca came against her leg. Twice. Andrea had been watching Rebecca closely as she had gone into orgasm, she had let her come on her. How much further Andrea was willing to go, Rebecca wondered.

Then, without saying a word, Andrea pulled Rebecca into a deep, passionate kiss. Rebecca moaned as a wave of pleasure swept through her. Almost unbelievably, Rebecca felt like she was getting turned on again. Andrea continued to kiss Rebecca deeply, then, breaking their kiss, Rebecca moved to Andrea's ear.

"Thank you," Rebecca whispered, then kissed her ear.

Rebecca let her tongue dip into Andrea's ear, then down her neck. She could smell the soft perfume on her skin as she kissed her neck and shoulders. Andrea again guided Rebecca to her nipples, her hips beginning to move against Rebecca's leg. She needed to come, just as Rebecca had needed to, but Rebecca didn't want to rush her.

Andrea then began to gently guide Rebecca's mouth down her belly, Rebecca's mouth never stopped kissing her naked flesh. Once Rebecca reached Andrea's navel, she moved so her right breast was resting against Andrea's crotch.

Andrea began rubbing her clitoris against Rebecca's breast before gently pushing Rebecca further down to her panty line. Rebecca hooked her fingers into the top of Andrea's underwear and pulled them down, exposing her dark brown pubic hair and swollen pink pussy.

Rebecca could see her wetness and smell her sex. Rebecca reached up and slowly stroked Andrea's wet lips back and forth, and before Andrea could respond, Rebecca pushed a finger inside.

"Oh, Rebecca...ungh..." Andrea tried to say.

Rebecca pushed her finger in deep when Andrea tried to speak, then pulled it out again.

"Rebecca, I... ungh..." Andrea started again.

Smiling, Rebecca added a second finger and quickly pushed both deep into Andrea's wet pussy.

"I... oh...ah...oh..." Andrea moaned with the thrusting of Rebecca's fingers.

Rebecca looked up at Andrea, who had her eyes closed and her mouth open as she moaned. Rebecca had enough teasing.

Without prompting from Andrea, Rebecca lowered her mouth down to her trim pubic hair, burying her nose in her fragrant bush, enjoying the sensuous smell of her.

Rebecca let her tongue drift toward her sex, until she found her clitoris hood. She could feel the hard shaft of her clit under her tongue as she tasted Andrea's sex for the first time. Andrea spread her legs, opening herself to Rebecca, and Rebecca let her tongue glide down Andrea's clitoris, down to the opening of her vagina.

Pausing a moment, Rebecca inhaled the tangy scent of Andrea's wet pussy.

Rebecca plunged her tongue deep into Andrea's vagina, working her tongue in and out of her, making her moan. Then, Rebecca slid her tongue back up to her clitoris, sucking her hard clit into her mouth, licking and flicking it with her tongue. The taste of Andrea was tangy and a little sweet, it reminded Rebecca of a fresh juicy peach.

When Rebecca thought that Andrea was about to come, she let go of her clit and pushed her tongue back into her hole, plunging inside of her warm, wet pussy.

Andrea's hips were thrusting hard while she held her legs open as Rebecca's tongue explored her deep, innermost parts.

Rebecca could hear Andrea moaning louder as her tongue and mouth drove her closer and closer to orgasm. Andrea began thrusting harder, grinding her pussy into Rebecca's mouth.

"Oh fuck, Rebecca, I'm going to come!" Andrea yelled.

Rebecca moved her tongue back to Andrea's clitoris, and sucked it back into her mouth again, and then slowly pushed her fingers deep into her sopping wet vagina. Rebecca began fucking her with her fingers while sucking furiously on her clitoris, causing Andrea to yell out.

"Yes! Yes! Oh, yes!" Andrea yelled out, thrusting with each word.

When Andrea bust in orgasm, Rebecca could feel her orgasmic contractions as her inner pussy muscles began milking her fingers. Grabbing Rebecca by the hair, Andrea shoved hard, fucking her face while she came. Rebecca continued to suck on Andrea's clit, while letting her fingers slide in and out of her until she felt Andrea go into a second, powerful orgasm. Her thighs spread wide, shoving her crotch down harder onto Rebecca's face and fingers as her orgasm rocked her body. With her hips were rocking in sporadic thrusts, Andrea seemed to have lost control of her body as wave after wave of her climax rolled through her.

Slowly, as her orgasm subsided, Andrea quietly apologized and loosened her grip on Rebecca's hair, but still held on. Andrea gently pulled her up to her mouth, kissing her hard, her tongue searching out Rebecca's.

Rebecca knew that Andrea could taste herself as they kissed, but she didn't stop. Rebecca's fingers were still buried deep in her pussy, and using her thumb to softly stroke her clit, Rebecca began to quickly move her fingers in and out of Andrea, fucking her with her fingers. Rebecca could hear the wet sounds that her fingers were making as she tried to make her get off again.

Andrea stopped kissing Rebecca and began moaning. She was getting louder the faster Rebecca went. Then Andrea's arms wrapped around her and she squeezed Rebecca with all of her might as she burst in a third, powerful orgasm. Rebecca's fingers never slowed down, as Andrea groaned in orgasmic pleasure.

Andrea leaned her full weight on Rebecca, needing support as her body recovered from her orgasm.

"Fuck, Rebecca, that was intense!" Andrea said. "I've never came so many times so close together."

"I'm glad I could make you come like that," Rebecca said honestly.
