 This is my first foray into erotica for the public. Let me know what you think. Constructive feedback is appreciated. If it is positive then there will be more to follow. All events involving the threesome are fictional, but are based on actual people. It's a slow burn, but the following parts will be more action packed…

"Jack, she's coming for the entire week." 

"Oh God, how do you expect me to put up with her for the entire week?" I said 

"Deal with it, you know she's my best friend, my maid of honor," Liz, my wife of 6 months, said.

"Maid of honor, huh. Yeah I think I was kind of at that wedding,." I was dripping sarcasm now. Liz's answer was a shot to the arm.

The debate centered around Allison. Liz's best friend and a girl who, was plenty of fun for a lot of people. She embraced the party lifestyle like a mother embraces her newborn child. Ally was coming for a visit and I wasn't sure if I wanted a week of constant drinking and partying. I had started a new job only weeks before and being on the radio required you to be at full strength in both mind and body. This certainly was going to be interesting.

Liz and I had married 6 months ago. College sweethearts and all that jazz. To put it bluntly she was beautiful. Way out of my league. She was 5'4"with short brown hair, green eyes and perky 34Bs. To top off (or bottom it as it were) her ass is tight from years of running. As for me I'm the prerequisite tall dark and handsome. 6'2" 190lbs. and brown eyes and hair.

After our conversation/fight about Ally's coming, we started cleaning. Of course we rehashed the entire story about how Ally's fiancee had ditched her for another girl 2 months before their wedding. It had been rough on Ally, Liz and our phone bill. Unable to afford the tickets to California to go see her, Liz had spent nearly $250 trying to calm her down. Now Ally was coming here and I was hoping she had been able to move on with her life. For Christ sake she was only 23.

A few days later as Liz and I returned from the store, there she was. Sitting on her bags in front of our apartment drinking a wine cooler.

"Well fuck, that didn't take long," I said.

All I got from Liz was the glare.

"Hey baby!," was all Ally got out before the squealing and the hugging started.

Once Liz and Ally stopped going crazy it was my turn. I was already halfway to the door with her bags when she pounced.

She hopped on my back, wrapping her arms and legs around me. This really didn't cause me to break stride because Ally wasn't exactly what you'd call big. She was 5'3, 105lbs, and blonde head to toe. Her tits, though the same size as Liz's, looked huge on her frame. And they were currently pressed against my back. She was certainly a nice little package. Not the kind you leave for someone else.

"What have you been feeding this stud? He didn't even slow down," Ally said.

"I just keep him in shape with sex," Liz replied with a smile. 

"Sounds like a good workout to me," said Ally, squeezing me tighter. 

"I don't know this is already a pretty good one," I said. And with that, I turned and pressed her back against the wall causing her to drop off me.

"Gee, the last time I was pressed against the wall, it was a lot more fun," Ally said.

"It probably will be the next time too," I jabbed.

Liz just slapped my ass and sent me back towards my original destination--the living room. In our apartment we only have one bedroom, so our unusually large couch was all we had to offer her. I set her bags on the floor and went about grabbing myself a beer. I sat down on our couch put my feet up and started watching an old Saturday Night Live.

Liz and Ally had commenced gabbing about the latest inane details of each others life, when Ally announced that she needed a shower.

"I feel nasty. I had to sit next to a sweaty old man on the airplane," she said, wriggling her nose in disgust.

She and Liz giggled and Liz lead her off to the bathroom.

As the shower started running I heard Liz yell, "Don't spend too much time riding the shower head!" With that Liz ran to me and jumped in my lap.

"C'mon baby, cheer up. It'll be fun, I promise."

"Well you better make it up to me," I said.

"Okay." And with a smile she slid to the floor, unbuttoning my pants on the way. I started to take my boxers off, but she stopped me. "We don have a lot of time." She pulled my semi-hard dick through the fly and immediately sucked my cock into her mouth. She started sucking me fast, bobbing her head up and down my shaft. When she was satisfied with my hardness, Liz started licking the tip, flicking her wet tongue quickly over the hole. She took the entire head of my cock in her mouth and swirled her tongue around. She knows how much it makes my toes curl when she does that. I looked down at her and she smiled around my erection and gave me a little wink. With that She took my 6 and a half inches all the way into her mouth using her throat muscles to squeeze the tip. She lifted her head up and started bobbing her head up and down slowly. I decided I wanted to cum a little quicker so I grabbed the back of her head and started fucking her face with my cock. After a little of this, she went back to sucking on the head, stroking my cock furiously with her hand. As I neared orgasm we didn't even notice the shower had stopped. It wasn't until we heard the bathroom door open that Liz looked up, her hand still working on my spit-coated dick. The our couch faces the hallway that goes back to the bedroom/bathroom area. With Liz still stroking my cock, I came. Just as Ally was turning the corner towards us I was convulsing and shooting thick wads of cum into Liz's hair and the side of her face. 

We all were looking at each other when Ally finally broke the ice, "You didn't tell me you were having dinner. By the way, your showerhead is fantastic." She then turned and went back into the bathroom. 

"Well that was awkward," I said.

"Well you're not the one with the cum on your face," Liz said getting up to find a washcloth.

"Aren't you at least going to clean me off?" I yelled.

Again I got the look, but I was exhilarated. Ally, seemed to not mind at all that she had walked in on us in fact she looked like she enjoyed it. She also told us that she had just masturbated in the shower. Quick thoughts of a threesome were dancing through my head Liz finally woke me up from my daydream. 

"Jack? Hello, you can pull up your pants now. Show's over." 

______________________________

"I need a cock. Now." Thought Ally as she applied makeup to her eyes. The vision of Jack's cock shooting ribbons of cum into the hair of her best friend had her pussy wetter than the showerhead had made it earlier. All she could think about was tasting Jack's cock and having Liz watch her do it. She kept rubbing her thong clad clit against the sink as she made herself beautiful. 

"I couldn't really fuck my best friend's husband could I?" 

______________________________

"Dinner's ready!" I yelled trying to get the attention of the constantly giggling women changing for the bar in the bedroom. It'd been an hour since Ally walked in on Liz sucking me off and I was still hard. Liz and I had been caught in the act before, but never by anyone as attractive as Ally. I'd always harbored ideas of fucking Ally, but I had distinguished those thoughts when Liz and I married. Now I couldn't get the thought of Ally standing there eyes glued to my cock out of my head. 

"Mmmm. Smells good," Liz said, "There's nothing better to drink on than spaghetti. I‘m starving."

"You mean you're snack wasn't filling enough?" Ally said smacking me on the ass as we passed in the kitchen.

"You saw me washing my hair. I didn't get any in my mouth," Liz said, staring at me shooting a wink.

What the hell was going on? The sexual tension was so thick you could smell it in the air. With the topic of conversation it certainly was getting hard to hide the bulge in my pants. This was something that didn't go unnoticed by either woman. I caught both of them stealing glances at my package when we were dishing up. Liz gave it a little squeeze on the way by to confirm my suspicions.

Dinner for the most part went by without incident. With the exception of a few glances and smiles between the girls. If they were thinking what I was thinking then this was going to be a good week.

The girls wanted to go dancing so I took them dancing. Liz informed that they both were gonna get a little crazy tonight so I was left in charge of the driving. After downing a couple of shots to "save us a little money," we left.

We arrived at a local hotspot and immediately the girls were noticed. Liz was dressed in low cut black bar pants that, when she bent over, revealed both the top of her ass and the fact that she wasn't wearing underwear. And from the jiggle in her tank top and her nipples' constant state of erection, I'd guess she wasn't wearing a bra either. When she "accidentally" dropped her license when handing it to the bouncer I thought his eyes were going to bug out when she picked it up without bending her knees.

Ally was garnering similar attention. She had on a skirt so short that it caused my eyes to bug out of my head when she bent over. And the slits up each side left very little to the imagination. Her tits were bouncing freely in a tube top that had to be a couple of sizes too small. The bottom of her tits were clearly visible and every guy in the bar was doing his part to look. Liz said she was on the rebound, but the smile on her face said she was open for business.

"We're gonna go dance, will get us drinks hon?" Liz asked.

Like I was going to say no to anything she asked tonight. I stood in line for about ten minutes, cause the bar was packed. When I finally got the drinks (long island iced teas and a lemon drop for each), I turned around to find Liz and Ally dancing together---sort of. Liz was dancing, Ally was grinding herself on Liz' leg and from the looks of it enjoying the ride very much. Though the dance floor was filled, you could tell there definitely was some interest in what was going on. Guys were constantly dancing over to get a better look and try to join. But Liz and Ally kept on dancing like they didn't even notice. After more dancing, Liz finally noticed me standing there with the drinks and both girls walked over. They were both covered in sweat and Ally's white tube top was near transparent and her nipples were showing through nicely. 

"Thanks babe," Liz said giving me a kiss on the cheek.

Ally did the same except she gave an extra little slap on my ass that sent lightning bolts of power to my already sensitive dick. We sat there awhile drinking, Ally and Liz continuing to catch up on all they had missed out on since the wedding. Then Liz announced she had to go to the bathroom leaving Ally and I alone to talk.

Fortunately for us we were sitting underneath an air conditioning vent keeping us nice and cool. This also meant that Ally's nipples were hard. As we sat there talking about my job I couldn't help looking down at her breasts. They were so full and perky, I couldn't help but stare. 

"Jack up here. I know my tits are nice and I do enjoy the attention, but your wife is returning." Ally's words had awoke me again. That's twice now that I had drifted off, thinking of Ally. What was going on in my head?

Upon returning, Liz walked over and gave me a kiss. Ally was rummaging through her purse for some Chapstick so Liz took that opportunity to grab my semi-hard cock through my pants and stroke it a little. Liz said nothing, just giving me a little smile. Not wanting to leave her unattended to, I slid my hand down the back of her stretch pants and stroked her sweat coated ass, letting my finger slide down her crack rubbing her tight pucker. Liz loves anything that has to do with her ass. If I'm fucking her, my thumb or her vibe is in her ass. She loves to be rimmed while I'm fucking her with a dildo. She is an anal fiend first class, she also gets extremely horny after a couple of drinks, so when I started massaging her asshole she started pushing back wanting my finger. I played with it a little, but decided to work her into a frenzy trying to get her as horny as possible. Who knows what could happen?

When I paid my attention back to Ally, she was just looking at us, nipples as hard as ever. 

"Well Jack, I think she's had enough let's go dance."

And we did. As soon as we hit the dance floor, the girls were on me. Liz got in front of me and started rubbing her ass into my rapidly hardening manhood. And Ally had resumed her spot on Liz's leg. As we progressed things got increasingly sexual. I had started by putting my hands on her hips and pulling her into me, but as I got harder I needed a little more. I ran my hands up over Liz's flat stomach up to her tits. I ran my fingertips slowly around her nipples and pinched them both hard at the same time. Liz's moan was barely audible over the music, but it was obvious she was enjoying it. Ally was still riding Liz's leg grinding her crotch into my woman's thigh. When I went to grab Liz's tits completely, the back of my hand brushed one of her nipples. That snapped both Ally and I to attention. She looked at me and smiled, continuing to hump Liz's leg, but she didn't look away. She kept grinding, but her gaze didn't leave me. Every once and a while she would throw her head back in obvious pleasure but didn't stop the entire time. I kept on kneading Liz's tits, my hand occasionally brushing her nip. 

"I'm gonna get another drink," Liz said interrupting the haze, "you two keep on dancing."

So there we were. Left all alone together. My wife giving me permission to dance with this girl who I wanted to fuck so badly.

"Well I suppose I should take over for Liz." 

"Yeah sure why not," I said.

Immediately she turned around and ran her ass down the length of my hardness.

"I see Liz was doing a good job. I guess I have a lot to live up to," she yelled over the throbbing bass. As she slid her ass down again I could feel nothing but pleasure running through my sensitive prick. Little electric pulses shooting down through my dick to my toes. I couldn't help but moan. She slid her ass down again and I nearly came in my pants. I also noticed that the back of her skirt had ridden up so her bare ass was pressed against me. This only added to my pleasure/discomfort. My cock was pressed very hard against my pants and it definitely needed some relief. "Regardless of what happens," I thought, "Liz is going to get a pounding."

Again it was Ally waking me from my thoughts.

"I'm doing the same thing Liz was doing, don't I get the same treatment?"

"What?!" I yelled.

"You were playing with her tits. I'm doing the same thing so why don't I get some? You've been staring at them all night. Go ahead have a feel. I won't tell. It‘s either that or you finger my ass. I saw you two doing that as well."

I didn't know what to say so I obeyed, but as I slowly slid my hands up her waist I noticed Liz coming back with drinks so I stopped.

"Bummer," Ally said, "And I was looking forward to having those nice strong hands on me. C'mon let's go sit down."

We went and sat at a table over in the corner. It was an interesting spot cause we were perched high on barstools overlooking the entire dance floor. I sat with my back against the wall and the girls sat down, one on either side. 

"Well it certainly looked like you two were having a good time out there," Liz said.

"Oh, you saw us," Ally said unsurely. "I hope you don't mind me having a little fun with your stud of a husband." 

"Oh no, not at all," Liz replied, "I was sort of hoping you two would get along better."

I am sitting in the middle of all of this not speaking at all. Frankly, I didn't know what to say. What do you say in that sort of situation? Absolutely nothing, you just let it play out.

The only thing I could say was "I have to pee." Which I did. I'd had a couple of drinks plus the constant strain of my hardon was taking a toll. 

"Well allright," Liz said "Go. But be nice to it you might need it later." And both girls giggled.

As I walked through the club again my mind drifted back to Ally and her ass on my cock. Before I knew it I had done my business and was walking out of the bathroom when whom should I meet, but the temptress herself.

"Hey there sexy," I said throwing on a fake pickup line voice, "come here often?"

"Only when I'm looking for cock," she played along back. 

"Well have I got a deal for you," I continued, "I got six and a half inches of hot throbbing manhood right here waiting for you."

She stuck out her tongue in response. 

"What? Too much," I teased.

"Too much talk and not enough action," she said. She then pushed me back into the men's room and right into a stall closing the door and surprising several of the guys in there.

I stuttered words of protest saying I was married and all that, but she stopped me.

"You don't think I'd be in here if Liz hadn't given me permission, do you? I may be a slut, but my friends are everything to me. I can tell from the way we were dancing and the way you keep looking at me, that you want to fuck me. So lets hurry up cause if I don‘t get a cock in me soon I‘m going to explode and besides, Liz is outside bringing the car around."

Strangely enough the first thought was to Liz. First in setting all this up and second, she was driving the car and I know she wasn't good to drive. My concentration was brought back to the events at hand when I felt my pants slide down and Ally's lips glide over my rod. She sucked hard and fast getting me to peak hardness. She then stood up placed her hands against the wall and lifted up the back of her skirt. 

"Fuck me. Now. Before a bouncer catches us." 

I needed no more convincing, but there was one thing I had to do first. With her bent I slid two fingers into her boiling hot cunt. I fucked her hard with them causing her to gasp. I pulled them out tasting the juices. 

"You certainly taste like a slut. You want my cock?"

"Yes. Fuck me now," she pleaded.

"You got it," I said and I grabbed her ass pulling her back on to my cock. My hardness filling up her depths in one thrust. "Unh, yeah" was all she could say. I kept sliding my cock out of her and then pounding it into her hard. "C'mon, fuck me hard," she screamed, "stop playing and make me come."

"Fine, take this bitch," I growled. I grabbed her firm tits and pulled her onto my dick pumping into her as hard as I can. The sounds and smells of sex filled the bathroom. Ally punctuated the air with gasps and moans. Her pussy juice was running off my balls and dripping onto the floor. The musky smell of cunt permeated the stall. The sound of my pounding echoed off the walls. I could feel her pussy squeezing tighter on my dick. She was tight enough already, but the added sensation made it unbearable. 

"Oh fuck," I moaned, "your cunt is so tight."

"You like it? I want your cum in it." 

She then reached her hand down to her pussy and started frigging her clit. She started screaming "Ohhhhhhhh, Fuck! Fuck me hard! Harder!!! Make me come!" I took my hands off her tits and grabbed her waist, squeezing her ass. Her hot quim was getting tighter and tighter and my dick was going to release soon. Her moaning got louder and louder and I could tell she was going to come. I shoved my thumb in her ass to see if there were other ways this girl was similar to her friend. "Yes! Yes! FUCK!!!!! I felt a hot rush of cum flood over my cock and that was all I needed I shot wave after wave of cum into her drenched snatch. "Oh, yes," Ally sighed, "That definitely was what I needed." She bent down and gave my cock a little suck. "Mmmmm, nothing like the taste of pussy juice and jizz. Let's go find your wife and have some fun.
