  This story continues on directly from Chapter one. This story will make more sense if you read the first one.

*****

We all quickly straightened up and headed back out to the others. Looking around the pool I saw a number of couples still making out and playing in the pool. With great relief I realized that they did not even notice we were gone. 

They certainly noticed when the guys returned to the pool, a double cannonball will do that. I stayed behind to help Chantelle clean up, hoping the others might see we were packing up. As I bent over to drop the rubbish in the trash can I felt a soft hand groping my ass followed by a firm slap on my right ass cheek. I jumped and spilled paper plates onto the floor, "sorry sweetheart." Chantelle said although she didn't sound too sorry. 

Once all the trash was taken out we settled down for a well earned drink on the couch. Finally sitting down for a minute gave me time to think about what had happened that night and what may happen later on in the night. "So what did you mean when you said 'wait til the others go home'?" 

Chantelle just looked at me with a naughty smile on her face and gave me a little wink, "you will see soon enough."

A few minutes later I heard talk from outside about how late it was and the need to get children home. I couldn't help but smile, knowing it would be just us soon. Thinking about what might happen when everyone had gone was getting me quite hot, and very wet. I tried to put it out of my mind as I said my good byes but it was near impossible. I couldn't help but look at her, eyeing off every inch of her body as she hugged and kissed her guests. Her breasts pressing against them, her soft lips on their cheeks. For a second there I was actually jealous of the attention they were getting. I wanted that attention on me. I knew I would have it soon but patience is not something I am good at.

Finally they were all gone, the house was practically empty with only the four of us awake. Chantelle went over and got the bubbles going in the hot tub and then headed back inside. She returned a few minutes later with a tray of drinks. "I thought we could all use a nightcap." She said as she carried the tray around to all off us. Once we all had our drinks she climbed into the hot tub and called out for us all to join her, which we did a little too quickly.

We all laid back and sipped our drinks, nobody said a word for what seemed like an hour. After Greg had finished his drink I cuddled up to him, feeling his muscular arms around my body made me feel safe. I turned my head and gave him a soft kiss on the lips which turned into two kisses and three kisses followed by another little make out session. I could feel his cock trying to escape his shorts. Realizing this was not the plan for tonight I pulled away, I saw his disappointment but knew he would feel better soon enough.

As I sat back down I saw Chantelle and Mitch staring at us from across the hot tub. Before tonight I had never been an exhibitionist so seeing that they had been watching us made me blush uncontrollably which only made things worse. I was being tormented on how easily I get embarrassed when Greg stood up for me and got them to stop. I am not sure if he did it to protect me or protect the horny mood I was in.

After a few minutes of silence Mitch finally spoke up "so what gives? You said after the others went home we would see something even more awesome. Well, everyone has gone home so what are you planning?" Mitch could always be relied on to be very blunt, this time if was a good thing though as I was equally as desperate to find out.

"I said that? Are you sure?" Chantelle said, giving me a wink that the guys could not see. I knew she was messing with them, but I couldn't wait much longer. 

"Yes that is what you said so come on lets see this awesomeness!" I said to her as I gave her the sternest look I could muster. 

"Mmm, OK..." With that she stood up in the tub and pulled me to my feet, to her. Our breasts squashed together as we pressed our lips against each other, softly at first but then with more pressure, more desire and more intent. She held me tight in her arms while my hands explored her back and down to her gorgeous ass.

I gave her round ass a quick squeeze and she let out a soft moan into my mouth. That moan only made me want her more so I pulled her in close to me, so close I could feel the heat from her pussy on my pussy despite the layers of swimwear between us.

Our kissing went from soft and sensual to fast and passionate over and over again. In that moment she was the only other person in the world. But boys being boys we were soon reminded that they were indeed still right there beside us. As we were kissing I felt my top suddenly become loose, I instinctively grabbed at my top to hold my boobs in, when I looked around I saw that Greg had snuck up behind me and undone my top while Mitch had done the same to Chantelle. 

We both looked at each other, a little nod told me what she was about to do and I wanted to do the same. We both pulled our arms away and let our bikini tops fall into the warm water. Out of the corner of my eye I saw Greg looking at Chantelle's tits, eyes bulging (I assume that was not all that was bulging ), I also saw Mitch checking me out so I give him a bit of a show shaking my boobs in his face.

After my little dance I moved back over to Chantelle, this time I didn't kiss her lips I went straight for her nipple. I was not sure if it was the cold or from arousal but her pink nipples were very hard. I took one in my mouth and rolled it around my tongue, between my teeth and gave it a soft bite. She moaned with pleasure so I did the same thing with her other nipple. She reached down and started playing with my tits, rolling my nipples between her fingers squeezing when I was doing something right.

"Let me suck your tits babe." She said to me as she pulled me off her nipple. I sat back on the edge of the hot tub and stuck my chest out for her. She devoured my tits, one at a time until I thought I might cum. 

I wasn't ready for that just yet so I pushed her off me. I turned to the guys and in the sexiest voice I had I said "who wants to see me eat her pussy?" Straight away three people said 'I do'. I couldn't help but smile, I felt so powerful with these three people at that moment. 

"Greg, take off her swimmers." I instructed my husband, I figured he would enjoy touching another woman. He looked a bit shocked at first but then slowly stood up and stepped over to us. He looked at Mitch to confirm it was OK. 

"You heard the lady." He said. With his best friend's blessing Greg reached up Chantelle's thighs, slipped his thumbs in the side of her bikini and ever so slowly pulled them down. I couldn't take my eyes off of her crotch as it was slowly revealed to me, she had a small patch of blonde pubic hair just above her pussy but it was so short it was barely visible. I bit my lip as her swollen pussy was finally in full view. I wanted her so bad in that moment, as soon as Greg had her totally naked I pushed her back against the edge of the tub, lifting her up so she was out of the water.

"Gentleman, if you would kindly hold her legs apart for me..." The guys quickly moved into position, one on each side, holding Chantelle around the thighs. As they pulled her legs apart her pussy lips opened slightly, showing off the most amazingly pink color I had ever laid my eyes on.

As a lifelong heterosexual I had never gone down on a woman before, but I knew what I liked. I figured if I start with what works for me then Chantelle will guide me. I lent in slowly, inhaling her sweet scent.

When my tongue made contact with her moist slit it was like a bolt of lightning, entering my body through my tongue and traveling down my body and out through my toes. I licked slowly and first, letting my tongue slide up the full length of her sweet honey pot to her erect clit. I put it in my mouth and sucked it like I had Greg's cock earlier that night.

The moans told me I was doing the right thing. I kept going, alternating between sucking her clit and licking her cunt. Adding a couple of fingers in her hole, slowly pumping them in and out in time with my tongue.

A few minutes later Chantelle was practically fucking my face as she came to a screaming orgasm. She finally came back down and slumped back into the hot tub, throwing her arms around me and hugging me tight. "Wow, that was... that was amazing." She panted breathlessly. I couldn't help but smile, a proud smile. I was quite proud of myself for getting my friend off like that. It seems strange to say that but I actually was.

It was starting to cool down outside so I suggested we head inside to continue the party. We helped Chantelle to her feet and I led her back into the house. As we entered the bedroom she stopped in her tracks, "I have an idea, let's warm up by taking a shower!" With that she ran off to the bathroom and a few seconds later I heard the water running.

Their shower is huge! So big that it easily fit all four of us. We all climbed in and starting soaping each other up. The guys kept looking around nervously, I guess they had not been that close to another stiff cock in their lives. I though that the best way to break the ice would be to have them stop thinking about it, so I grabbed Greg's dick and started jerking him off. Chantelle saw what I was doing and started doing the same with Mitch. 

We both started sucking off our husbands right in front of each other, this should make them relax a bit more. After a minute, I had a very naughty thought, "hey Chantelle, um.. I have already blown Greg tonight. How would you feel about swapping?" I looked up at Greg to see his reaction, the little smile on his face told me he liked the idea. 

"Yeah what the hell..." Her response may have sounded nonchalant but I could see in her eyes that she was anything but.

With that both the guys moved around until they were in front of a woman that was not their wife. I looked up and smiled at Mitch, "you ready sugar?" I said to him, he could only manage a nod. I looked down from his brown eyes, to his muscular chest, thin stomach with a slight appearance of abs, all the way down to what was the longest cock I have ever seen in my life. I thought I may have made a mistake suggesting a swap. 

"Don't worry, Chantelle only gets about half way down herself." I decided to just go with it and relax, I opened my mouth as wide as I could and took his pole into my mouth, sucking and licking as much as I could take in.

I barely had half of his dick in my mouth when I felt it hitting the back of my throat. I moved my mouth up and down on him, using my tongue around the swollen purple head of his cock. Combining my tongue and hand in the process seemed to work as soon I felt him starting to tense up in readiness to shoot his load down my throat. I could hear Greg moaning that he to was close to cumming, I grabbed Mitch and moved him around next to Greg while I knelt down next to Chantelle. "OK boys, let's have it." I said as I lent back giving them two big tits to aim at. Chantelle did the same and it was not long before we had two guys furiously pulling their cocks until they both shot their loads across our chests.

Once they had milked themselves dry I turned to Chantelle and licked a big drop of cum off of her tits, taking it all into my mouth. After I had scooped up a mouthful I lent in and kissed Chantelle, opening my mouth wide to share the creamy goodness with my best friend. We swapped back and forth before we both swallowed some each. Then Chantelle lent down and took some of the warm spunk off my tits, paying special attention to my hard nipple, although there was not much cum there. We repeated the process of kissing and sharing their combined loads between us once more. I looked back at the guys who were staring in our direction, this was obviously having the right effect as I saw two rock hard cocks standing to attention.

"While we get cleaned up in here why don't you guys go and fix us some drinks? I could go for a margarita, what about you?" Chantelle said looking at me for my response. 

"Sounds like a plan." The boys hopped out and toweled off before heading for the bar. 

"Um I don't think so, leave the towels in here thanks." She called out to them. They both obediently dropped their towels, replacing them with hands over their hard pricks. Hard to believe but they were still shy about seeing each others cocks. 

We both rinsed the extra cum off our chests then hopped out. Wrapping bathrobes around us to dry off we headed for the bedroom. The guys had not arrived with our drinks yet so we decided to entertain ourselves. We started making out there in the middle of the big bed they owned. As we were kissing our robes gradually became looser before we both decided to just take them off. Throwing them down on to the floor before hopping back up on to the bed to continue where we left off. We both sat cross legged in front of each other, leaning in so that only our lips were touching, as we made out I felt her soft tongue dancing around my mouth. It made me think about how much I wanted that same tongue to dance around my pussy lips, to bring me to what I hoped would be my most earth shattering orgasm. Just the thought of it was making me so wet I was sure it was running down my legs and on to the bed.

Our kisses then became more passionate, Chantelle lent forward on to me, pushing me back on the bed so I was now laying down. She lay on top of me, our breasts mashed together like our lips and tongues. I grabbed at her ass and pulled her in tight, feeling her pussy rubbing again mine. I could feel another orgasm building inside me already. I rolled Chantelle over and moved up to sit my pussy over her mouth. Even though her mouth was half hidden under my pussy I could still see a smile come across her face. I was hoping it was a naughty smile as she was thinking about what it was she was going to do to me. I held on to the headboard for balance as she began to work her magic on my dripping hole. 

She was a magician with her tongue and pretty soon I was bucking against her face as her tongue continued to tease my clit and fill my hole as she tongue fucked me. I came so hard I thought I might break the bed! I fell back down into Chantelle's arms and held her tight, never wanting to let her go. Eventually she got up, "where are you going?"I asked her, I am sure I sounded totally disappointed that she was leaving me. 

"Nowhere baby." She said, and she meant it. She didn't leave she just hopped off the bed and then moved me into a different position, laying horizontally a cross the bed, my head at the edge near where she was standing. I was not sure what was about to happen but after the night I have had so far I knew it would be good.

After getting me into position Chantelle climbed back on to the bed. She looked back up at me and gave me a truly wicked wink then she threw her leg over my face before lowering her pussy to just above my waiting mouth. I stuck out my tongue and quickly flicked it over her pussy, she was really wet now and I was determined to lick up all of her sweet juices. I started licking and sucking up the juices all along the length of her slit, stopping each time to pay some special attention to her clit.

I was licking and sucking on her pussy when she lent down and started to do the same thing to me in the classic 69 position. The feeling of her tongue in me so soon after my last orgasm made me light headed, I dropped my head back down to the bed for a minute to snap out of it, her eager pussy had other ideas though. As if it had its own tracking system her pussy followed my mouth and latched back on to me to continue lapping up her goodness. 

Chantelle would lick from the top of my hood all the way down to my hole and back up again, over and over again she did it until she had a good rhythm going, she kept that up for a minute or two when she suddenly stopped. She spread my legs even wider and dove her tongue down into my ass. She licked all around my asshole, even pushing her tongue inside me stretching me out just that little bit. I loved having my ass licked so I was in heaven in that moment. I had to remind myself I still had a hungry cunt waiting for me to devour it. I tried to block out the pleasure in my ass and concentrate on my job but that was proving very difficult right now. Chantelle replaced her tongue with a finger in my ass and went back to tonguing my clit. I was getting close to cumming again so I told her to finger my pussy also. The feeling of fingers in my ass and pussy as well as her tongue on my clit sent me over the edge. I would have screamed the house down if I didn't have a gorgeous pussy covering my mouth.

Chantelle was lightly stroking and kissing my cunt while I kept going on her pussy to give her the pleasure she had given me. Not long after she started bucking against my face so I knew she was close. I put one and then two fingers in her pussy while I sucked on her clit. It did not take long before she too was riding the wave of ecstasy to orgasm.

We both slowly came back down, remaining in position while we gently kissed and licked each other around the pubic region without touching anywhere that was over sensitive right now.

A loud throat clearing from the door told us we had an audience, I turned my head and looked over to the door. Sure enough there stood two men, cocks in hand just looking at us. "That was great, but did you save some for us?" Greg asked us. 

"We sure did, now you two get over here and bring those hard cocks with you." I ordered them from underneath Chantelle. We stayed in our same position and then I told Greg to go to the other end and fuck me and Mitch to come and fuck his wife. 

As Mitch stepped over I grabbed his giant cock and guided it into his wife's wet cunt. I could not believe that thing would fit inside her but slowly, inch by inch he fed his entire length into her now stretched pussy. Once he was all the way in he slowly took it out and then back in again. As he would bring his cock out I could see the shine of her juices along the length of his shaft. The next time he pulled it out I grabbed a hold of it and took it into my mouth, licking her taste off of his cock before putting it back in. Every couple of thrusts I would do it again, take it out of her and clean all of her juices off. Soon he got in to the rhythm and started fucking his wife's pussy then my mouth then back to her pussy again. He was a quick learner!

At the other side Greg was also enjoying a great time, he had not been able to fuck me yet tonight so I knew he would be enjoying this. He was pumping in and out of my pussy as Chantelle was licking my clit. She would lick down to where his cock was inside of me and then along his shaft and back up again.

This continued on for a few minutes before the pumping of both cocks grew frantic, I recognized that both men were about to cum so I reached around and grabbed Mitch's ass, pushing him in to his wife. Making sure he was buried into her as far as he could go when I felt him tense up. A few more thrusts and he was done. Greg was still pumping away into me but I could tell he was close. He pistoned his hard cock into me a few more times before he too stiffened up and I could feel his warm cum inside of me.

When Mitch pulled his cock out of his wife there was still some cum on the tip of his now soft cock. I took his dick into my mouth, cleaning up all of the cum and pussy juice from along the length of his shaft. I was sure it was clean but I kept going anyway. I had never been with another man since Greg and I had been together so I felt like I had to make the most of tonight. I kept sucking on his prick and soon enough I felt it come back to life.
