 It all started with a kiss. Well, actually it all started many years before. We will get to that soon but first a little of my back story.

My name is Allie, I met my husband Greg when I was a freshman and he was a sophomore at college. He invited me to a party and we have been together ever since. We have been married for eight years and have two young kids. While things in the bedroom are still incredibly hot it is not what it was in our early twenties. 

Greg and I have a number of couple friends but one couple is closer to us than any other. Greg has been friends with Mitch since high school and when he met Chantelle we instantly became great friends. 

Chantelle and I are always flirty with each other, knowing what it does to our husbands. They haven't said anything but we have both seen the way they look at us when I say nice ass and pinch her butt. She has an amazing ass and is often showing that off in tight clothes that hug her curves and draw stares from everyone. 

If her best part is her ass then mine is definitely my boobs, my husband can't keep his hands off them and I see how people stare at them, as hard as they try not to. While I am not one to flaunt it they do stand out a lot.

The four of us get together all the time with our families for vacations and over holiday weekends. With 4th of July this weekend it was no surprise when we were invited to their house for a barbecue and a swim.

When we arrived we saw a number of others were already there, the kids were already in the pool and the smell of sizzling steaks wafted through my nostrils. Chantelle greeted us at the door with a kiss on the cheek and a hug, for some reason, as she was hugging me I felt her breasts against mine. We have hugged hundreds of times over the years and never noticed her breasts in that way. What was stranger was the tingle I felt between my legs.

We headed out the back and the kids were straight into the pool, Greg and I sat down to keep and eye on them. "Hey sexy, I made you a cocktail." Chantelle lent over me and put the drink down in front of me, as she lent over I saw her look down my top. "Nice" she said as she gave me that look. You know the one, that look a women gives a man and makes him putty in her hands. All I could muster was a stuttering thanks lovey.

As she walked away I couldn't help but turn around to check out her ass, out of the corner of my eye I saw I wasn't the only one checking her out. I shook myself out of it and took a sip of my drink, it was delicious and I quickly finished it. Within a minute of taking my last sip Mitch was placing another drink in front of me, he also had a peek down my top. I tried not to smile too much at him trying to sneak a look and thinking I wouldn't notice.

After dinner it was time for the kids to go inside while the adults went swimming. All the adults were pretty drunk and with the lights out there was plenty of kissing couples in different parts of the pool. I was feeling pretty hot and very drunk so I was all over Greg. I devoured his tongue as I pushed him up against the side of the pool. After a minute of passionate kissing I slipped a hand under the water and rubbed the front of Greg's shorts. I could feel his cock and knew he was as horny as I was. Greg has a great cock. It is long but not too long and really thick so it fills my pussy whenever we make love. 

While I was rubbing his cock I felt his hand rubbing my pussy through my bikini bottoms. He then reached around to my ass and pulled me in closer, rubbing his cock against me, I was already horny (alcohol does that too me) so I knew if this kept up I would be cumming very soon. I pulled away as I didn't feel right. I saw Greg's face drop thinking I was going to be a cock tease to him. I grabbed his cock and pulled him over to the stairs and led him out of the pool. We went around the corner out of view and started kissing again. I pulled away and dropped to my knees. I yanked Greg's pants down and quickly inhaled his cock. Knowing he was close to cumming a worked his head with my tongue while playing with his balls knowing how much he loved that. Not long after Greg started moaning "oh baby I am gonna cum, ah ah ah." I pumped his cock while holding it in my mouth I felt his body tighten up and then felt his hot cum blasting my throat. 

I continued to pump and suck his cock until he finally slumped over, exhausted and trying to catch his breath. "That was unbelievable babe, I can't wait to return the favor." With that he started rubbing my pussy and clit through my bikini. 

I grabbed Greg's hand to stop him, "before you do I need to tell you something. I don't know if it is just the alcohol talking but I really want to kiss Chantelle, like really kiss her." I looked at his face to see how he would react, I know all guys have that fantasy so shouldn't have been too worried. He had a sly smirk on his face, "I love you and I know you love me so I don't mind if you want to do that." I couldn't help but smile at his answer. "Thank you sweetheart, and yes I do love you too. If you love me so much, why is my bikini still on?" I asked him. 

I didn't have to wait long for an answer, I felt the fresh night air on my bare ass seconds later, then I felt Greg's ho tongue tracing up and down my slit. "Mmm you are so wet and you taste so good." I couldn't respond as I was biting my lip trying not to scream out in ecstasy. I lifted a leg up on to Greg's shoulder to give him better access to my pussy, knowing I would be in a bikini tonight it was a freshly waxed pussy, Greg's favorite kind.

I feel bad admitting this but Greg's tongue was taking me to orgasm I was thinking about Chantelle, thinking it was her tongue licking up my juices. Just thinking about it took me over the edge, I dug my nails into Greg's arms as I flooded his mouth with my nectar.

After my breathing returned to normal we both re-dressed and returned to the party. "I am just going to clean up, can you check on the kids?" I said as I stepped inside and headed for the bathroom. I rinsed off my face and headed back outside. As I was heading down the hall Chantelle turned the corner and was heading towards me. She looked gorgeous in her bikini I just wished I could see that ass.

I am a believer in signs and knew what I had to do. "Hey sexy" she called out as she neared me. I smiled like little school girl with a crush. "Hey beautiful, can I talk to you for a second?" "You can talk to me all night you sexy bitch!" With that I knew she was as drunk as me, maybe more so. 

I pulled her into her bedroom and shut the door. "I, ah, I am not sure how to say..."

"Wait stop, I didn't hear you I was too busy looking down your top. You have the most amazing tits I have ever seen." She then drunkenly reached up and poked my boob. Then she looked up. "OK, I am listening now"

I started again, "I am not sure how to tell you this, but, um I don't know maybe it is the cocktails talking but um, well its just that. " I took a breath to steady my nerves. "I really want to kiss you, not just a peck a real kiss." I closed my eyes and held my breath waiting for an answer. Chantelle said nothing for what seemed an eternity and just as I was about to open my eyes I felt soft lips press against mine. Better still, I felt her tongue forcing its way into my mouth. Her kiss was so different to Greg's, while he was more forceful and aggressive this was soft and sensual. We kissed for a minute or two and then we pulled away, Chantelle looked into my eyes, "how was that?" 

"Great, amazing, different, wonderful." She laughed at my rambling. She stood up, I thought she was leaving which made me feel a bit sad. "I know how to make it even more great, amazing and wonderful. Wait right here." She gave me a wink and then left the room. I lent forward to check out her ass as she left. She looked back and saw me looking. Rather than get self conscious she blew me a kiss and kept walking, shaking her ass even more as she walked. 

I figured she was going to get more drinks so I sat back and waited. When she returned she wasn't alone, Mitch and Greg followed her in. Chantelle shut the door behind them. " So boys, Allie and I were talking and we want to give you a present. .." She grabbed them both by the hand and sat them down on the sofa beside the bed. She then turned back to me and gave me a wink.

She climbed up on the bed and pulled me up to her. She lent in to kiss me, I lent in to kiss her. It was slow and soft to start with but then it started getting hotter and heavier. I looked past Chantelle back to the guys, they were staring at us with wide eyes. Seeing the clear bulges in both of their swimming shorts made me even hornier and more daring. I reached around and grabbed a hold of her ass, it felt as good as it looked. I pulled her in close and felt her erect nipples pressing against mine, my pussy was so wet I thought I may have soaked the bed.

Feeling extra bold I had an idea I walked over to my handbag and pulled out my phone. I threw it to Greg. He looked confused, "start filming silly." He started filming us with my phone, moving around to get the best angle. 

Chantelle started fondling my nipples through my bikini top then she pulled it down, allowing my tits to spill out for all to see. She stopped kissing me and moved down to my nipples. She sucked one then the other. As she lent down I knew what I had to do, I reached down her back and unsnapped her top. I reached down and took a hold of her tits, her nipples were so hard I knew she felt as hot as i did. She sat up so I could slide her top off. I grabbed it and threw it to Greg, making sure he got a nice view of my chest in the process. 

I took one very hard nipple in my mouth and ran my tongue over it like it was a mini cock. I was concentrating so much that I got a bit of a shock when I felt a hand start rubbing my pussy. Without thinking I reached down and pulled them around my knees to give access to my, by now, dripping wet slit.

She rubbed up and down my lips teasing my clit just a little. I couldn't take the teasing, I grabbed her hand and pushed her fingers up into my hungry cunt. She knew just what to do with her fingers and soon I was heading for an explosive orgasm. "Oh fuck, yes that's it fuck my hot pussy. Yeah just like that." Knowing Greg was filming I turned up the dirty talk. It was working too based on the massive erection he was sporting. 

I reach dc down and undid the strings on Chantelle's bikini bottoms, letting them come loose then pulling them out. When I held them up I could see how wet they were. I threw them to her husband, "here Mitch, wrap this around that chubby you have."

I returned my attention to the now naked goddess in front of me. I kept rubbing her pussy, up and down with the occasional finger dipping into her snatch. She was getting close now too so I put two fingers in her pussy while using my thumb to rub her clit. Within a minute we were both bouncing up and down moaning and panting. Then just as I tipped over into orgasm I felt her pussy tighten around my fingers and she let out a little scream of pure ecstasy. We both flopped down the bed totally exhausted.

Mitch was the first to speak, "holy shit. That was fuckin awesome!" I was still trying to get my breath back and could only manage a contented sigh.

Chantelle sat up, looked at both Mitch and Greg's bulging shorts and said "you think that was awesome, wait til the others go home."

To be continued...