 Nautical Pleasures 

This story takes place after meeting James at our friend Curt's birthday party in a limousine. James is a tall, socially awkward black man with an average build. During the limo party, I learned about a very attractive and sizable body part that I enjoyed playing with as well as a very friendly and likeable guy. 

"Hey there, what's with the long face?" I slid into the chair across from Nina. 

Nina's smile was insincere, "Another awesome date last night naturally." 

"Not good?" I pouted. Poor Nina had just gotten back in the dating game after her divorce finalized. She had been single for almost three years and was not having any luck meeting her prince charming. 

"Where are all the good men and when did sex become an expectation on the first date?" Nina rolled her eyes. 

The words slipped out so fast, I heard them before I realized it, "I know a guy you will love!" 

Nina's face turned skeptical, "Who?" 

"You don't know him...yet." I just smiled. "He's tall, dark and handsome and a gentleman." 

"I don't know..." Nina's words were cut off as I interrupted. 

"Listen, I will invite some people down to the boat on the weekend and the mystery man; you come too and it will be a no pressure introduction. What do you think?" 

Reluctantly, Nina agreed, "No pressure though, just a day on the boat right?" 

I had just stepped on the deck of our boat, when my phone chimed behind me; it was Cindy, "Hey sister." 

"Wassup?" Cindy's voice boomed loudly in a gangster voice. "What time do you want us there?" 

"Two o'clock works. Is James coming with you or do I need to send him directions?" 

Cindy laughed, "Your lover boy is coming with us." 

"Not tonight he's not! We're hoping to make a love connection." 

Cindy chuckled, "...and if that doesn't work out, you are going to look after him right?" 

"I'll see you when you get here." I couldn't help but shake my head; Cindy was wild and outspoken and always a source of entertainment. 

Nina arrived first so I headed to her little yellow Volkswagen bug to greet her, "You found us!" 

"Easy peasy." Nina smiled widely and patted the GPS unit on her dash. 

Taking her bag I lead her to the boat. 

"Very nice." Nina smiled approvingly at our 31 foot cruiser. 

"Make yourself comfortable." opening the slider I called into David informing him that our guests were beginning to arrive. 

"Drink?" I spun around to see Nina sitting down on the aft bench. 

Nina smiled, "Yes please." 

Curt, Cindy and James arrived minutes later and I stood watching them make their way to the boat. Curt and James walked towards the boat carrying a cooler between them. My eyes took the two men in as they neared. Curt wore a pair of dark blue board shorts and a hideous Hawaiian shirt; true to his nature, he liked to have fun with his outfits when the opportunity presented itself. James was wearing a pair of bright yellow board shorts and white tank top with a non-descript corporate logo on it. 

Cindy waved as she stepped aboard, "Hiya!" she didn't stop and made her way inside the boat to drop off a platter of sandwiches. Curt flashed me a million dollar smile before setting the cooler down and giving me a big hug. James was close behind and gave me a big hug brushing his lips across my cheek as he stepped back. 

Introductions were made and we all settled down on the back of the boat with our beverages in hand. James sat beside Nina and the conversation between them became overly traditional, "what do you do for a living? How they know us." I couldn't take it anymore and hollered for the Captain to get us out to sea. 

Within 10 minutes we were making our way out the long channel to the lake. James and Nina took a seat behind the captain on the fly bridge; as expected, Cindy was planted beside David. I stepped inside to get things stowed before we got on the lake and Curt was close behind me. 

"Finally!" Curt stepped behind me putting his arms around me and kissing the back of my neck. 

"You have to behave mister. Nina is vanilla." I tilted my head to the side enjoying his lips. 

Curt spun me around and kissed my lips, "Nice bikini top." His hands squeezed my breast making my nipples stiffen. 

"Get outside before Nina begins to wonder!" I playfully pushed him towards the door. 

A short run and we were in our anchoring area and had the music back on. 

"Where can I change?" Nina stood holding her bag. 

James looked her over approvingly, "right here works." 

"We promise we won't look!" Curt and David's voices spoke in unison. 

I took her hand, "Come with me, I will protect you from these savages." 

Inside the boat Cindy and Nina changed into their bikinis. I only had to slip my shorts off since I had my bottoms on under them. Cindy stripped with confidence and slowly pulled her bottoms on, "Are we going topless today? These puppies could use some sun!" We all laughed as she pointed at her dramatic tan lines. 

"Are those real?" I busted out in laughter, surprised by Nina's forwardness. 

Cindy smiled, "They may be enhanced a bit. Want to give them a feel?" 

Without any hesitation Nina reached over and felt them methodically, "They feel so real! Did it hurt?" 

Cindy laughed, "I was back to work after a week." 

Nina pulled her top off exposing her perky breasts, "I think I need some enhancement too!" Nina cupped her smaller b cup breasts. 

"You have nice titties girl!" Cindy gave Nina's a feel. 

I watched in disbelief as the two of them chatted like old friends, "I'm heading up before you two freaks start trying to feel me up." 

Stepping out I watched as the boys stood on the swim platform. I watched as they chided each other and threatened to push one another in until David finally dove in pulling Curt with him. James let out a deep laugh and stepped back onboard, "Probably better I stay on here; I'm not the best swimmer." 

"Too cold for me too!" I smiled as I reached for my towel, "I'm going to get sun on the bow." As I made my way up to the fly bridge, Cindy and Nina appeared. 

"Where are you going?" Cindy gave me an evil look. 

Turning on the stairs I gave her a playful look back and pointed to the bow, "Waters cold, I'll be up here." 

Cindy proceeded to call me a wimp and stepped out on the swim platform. "Are you going to wimp out too Nina?" 

Nina stepped out on the platform, "Not now!" She laughed. "What about him?" She pointed at James, "Why doesn't he have to go in?" 

Cindy Laughed, "You don't want to see that; he swims like a rock! Isn't that right James." 

James just laughed, "You are a bully!" He then proceeded to reach over and push Cindy off the platform. 

Nina jumped in before James had a chance to push her in too. 

From the bow James and I had a good view of the four of them. They had moved closer to shore where the water was only five feet deep. Shore was only a dozen yards away. It was a small stretch of sandy beach on a treed island that begged for exploration. 

"So?" I smiled at James. 

He looked puzzled, "What?" 

"Nina silly." I pushed him playfully. 

"Oh, she seems nice." 

"Seems nice?" I gave him another playful push, "She's cute and single!" 

"I don't think she likes dark meat." James shrugged. 

Laying back on my towel, I adjusted my sunglasses, "Why would you say that?" 

"A guy just knows." James stretched out on his towel. "Besides, I would take you over her any day." 

"Pfft. You're missing the point. You need your own woman so we can all play together." lifting my glasses slightly I winked at him, "Capice?" 

When the gang returned to the boat and joined us on the bow, I watched Nina's interactions with James. She did seem a little distant and spent more time talking with Cindy at every opportunity. When she joined me down below, I took the opportunity to interrogate her a bit only to find out that James was right. She thought he was nice, but she wasn't really attracted to black men. 

"I'm sorry Nina, I should have mentioned that. He's a great guy, so I don't really see him as anything other than that." I could only give her an apologetic smile. 

"It's not a race thing, you just like who you like. You know?" Nina frowned. 

"I understand completely sweetie. It's all good." I smiled at her until she returned my smile. 

When we stepped on to the fly bridge Nina gasped causing me to laugh hysterically; Cindy was stretched out topless on the bunny pad soaking up the sun. I gave Nina a playful jab, "She's not shy and she did say they needed some sun right?" 

I laid my towel down beside Cindy and sat on it while Nina took the bunny pad on my right. 

"Are you prudes going to let me do this alone?" Cindy turned her head and playfully smiled at us. 

I gave her a shove, "You know I'm not shy either, but I don't want to make my guest feel uncomfortable." 

Nina shrugged and pulled her top off, "Better?" 

Cindy extended her arm in the air and gave her thumbs up, "Much!" 

Reaching back I pulled the string on my top letting it fall from my neck before untying the back. In a casual move, I glanced back to see the men sitting on the bridge chatting while they watched. 

"You girls remember that the captain is also the lotion boy! Nobody burns on my boat!" David's words made everyone chuckle. 

"I'm the first mate." Curt followed quickly, "just in case he needs backup or gets a cramp of course." 

James just smiled and took the view in. 

"You ladies need another drink?" Cindy sat up. "I have to use the little girl's room." 

Nina held her cup up and I handed mine to her as well. Cindy disappeared down the stairs. 

Spinning around to face the back of the boat, I watched David make his way down below. Curt and James had huge smiles on their faces as they stared at me. To confirm what he was thinking Curt took the opportunity to casually squeeze the front of his shorts. When James saw this he took the opportunity to show me the outline of his cock stretching down his shorts and mouthed, "Do you want some of this?" 

Lying back down, I parted my legs and nonchalantly pulled my bottoms to the side revealing my freshly shaved baldness before covering myself back up. 

"Where's that bartender?" Nina sat up to look for Cindy. 

I laughed, "She has A.D.D. so she probably forgot what she was doing. I'll go grab them." I quickly stood up and slipped down below. Even before I opened the slider I could see David leaning back on the counter with his trunks around his ankles. Cindy was eagerly sucking his cock with long quick strokes as she cupped his balls. 

"I should have known better!" I stepped inside and grabbed the drinks from the counter. Cindy just shrugged like she couldn't help it. 

When I stepped on the deck I was face to face with Nina; with my foot I quickly closed the sliding door and handed her drink to her, "Here you go!" 

"I just needed to use the bathroom." Nina glanced at the door. 

Moving quickly I blocked her view inside, "Cindy is in there right now; probably not feeling well." 

"Well that explains it then." Nina walked back up the steps to the bridge. 

Most surprising was her comfort with her nudity. I had taken her to be somewhat quiet and shy, so this was surprisingly exciting. The second surprise was when she sat down beside Curt instead of heading directly to the bow as I had anticipated that she would. 

"This is really nice." Nina started the conversation and Curt engaged in what turned out to be a very engaging conversation. I sat beside James and gave him a playful look. 

Leaning in, James whispered, "I think she wants Curt." 

I just nodded in agreement, "appears that way doesn't it?" 

A splash caught us by surprise and we all turned to see Cindy's head bobbing above the surface. David stood on the swim platform, "Is anyone else coming?" 

When David dove in, Curt stood up and looked at Nina, "Are you in?" 

Nina smiled devilishly at him, "I will meet you there in a minute." She proceeded to make her below to use the washroom. 

I went down quickly to ensure there was no evidence of the shenanigans that had taken place and James followed close behind me. Nina was in the washroom when I entered. James quickly reached around and squeezed my breasts firmly as he pressed himself against me. His semi erect cock pressed and twitched against my cheek. 

Goose bumps attacked every inch of my flesh as his heavy breath caught my ear, "I want that hot little mouth again beautiful." 

The sound of movement in the head told me it was time to move so I quickly stepped forward breaking my engagement with James. As the door to the bathroom opened James was stepping out on the deck. 

Nina closed the door and turned to me, "Is there something going on that I'm not aware of?" 

My mind raced, "What do you mean?" 

Nina sputtered in an attempt to find the words, "I'm just going to ask; did I see Cindy blowing your husband earlier?" 

Unsure how to respond I opted for just putting it all on the table, "Yeah, that's what you saw." 

"You are okay with that?" Nina scrunched her nose slightly to emphasize the question. 

I smiled, "Sure, why wouldn't I be?" 

"So you fool around with Curt?" Nina's curiosity had gotten the best of her. 

I laughed quietly, "Yeah, sometimes." 

"Oh!" Nina gave a devilish grin, "So you guys are." 

"Swingers." I cut her off and finished her sentence. 

Nina just smiled, "And James?" 

"James is Curt's best friend." My words were matter of fact. 

Nina turned her head slightly as she looked from the corner of her eye, "Is he your friend too, because that's what it sounded like to me?" 

I just laughed at her, "Go swim!" 

"I knew you were a freak!" Nina busted into laughter as she ran for the back of the boat and dove off. 

By the time I was on the deck, Nina was clearly making her way to Curt. James stepped up beside me and put his hand discretely on my ass, "You should come suck this big cock now." 

Glancing over his cock strained against the fabric of his shorts, "Is that my doing?" 

"Dammit Grace, you know you did this to me." His grip on my ass cheek tightened, "I'll be quick baby." 

Spinning around I grabbed the handle for the sliding door. James quickly grabbed my wrist and guided me to the fly bridge, "I like the danger element." 

Sitting in the captain's chair I kneeled in front of him. I had blown David here countless times before as it was the perfect height. James pulled the front of his shorts down and I helped fish out his rock hard cock. It was as big as I remembered. With both hands I squeezed and gently stroked him as I admired his dark veiny tool. 

When I brushed the head with my tongue James placed a gentle hand on the back of my head, "Mmm, suck that big chocolate cock beautiful." 

Sucking his cock slowly into my mouth I stroked his shaft, slowly lubricating it with my saliva as I did. His dark skin glistened in the sun as I worked his cock deeper into my mouth. James didn't try to hide his pleasure, I was certain the others could hear his moans. 

James caught me by surprise when he stood up and began fucking my mouth wildly, "I'm going to cum baby." 

I did my best to prepare for his big balls to empty themselves in my mouth. James held my head still and screamed out as the first torrent of his boiling hot cum hit the back of my throat. I swallowed it just in time for the next shot which caused me to gag. James pulled my head back with a handful of my hair and pumped his cock holding the head against my open mouth, "swallow all my cum, you sexy little slut." 

The next explosion shot the roof of my mouth; when I closed my mouth to swallow another load blasted across my lips and down my cheek. Grabbing his cock I popped the head back in my mouth and stroked the remaining cum from his shaft until he pulled away from me. 

"Fuck! You are the best cock sucker ever." James' smile couldn't have been bigger. 

I smiled from my kneeling position, "Thanks for that treat." Looking down, by breasts were covered in splashes of saliva and semen. 

James reached down and massaged it all into my breasts, "I hear it's good for your skin." 

Still kneeling I looked up at the big black man in front of me remembering that I hadn't found him attractive in our initial meeting. He was beautiful; I couldn't comprehend my initial reaction nor could I stop myself from smiling back at him. James gently placed his hand on the side of my face running his thumb across my cheek, slowly tracing my jaw before stopping at my lips; as I sucked his thumb into my mouth I was surprised by the glob of cum that was on it initially before swallowing it down. 

James tucked his big tool away and I sat up on seat behind him. Cindy and David were gone from sight completely and Nina and Curt were making their way back to the boat. As Curt stepped aboard, I could see his rock hard cock pressing against the thin fabric of his shorts; it was clear Nina had been teasing him. 

Grabbing her towel, Nina quickly climbed the stairs and stretched out on the bow to warm up. Curt looked up at me and smiled giving his erection a squeeze to ensure I noticed it before going down below. My pussy was soaked and there wasn't anything I wanted more than to have Curt fuck me at that moment. When I stood up, James gave my ass a playful slap, "you go look after my buddy like a good girl." 

I had barely closed the door when Curt pulled me to him and kissed me deeply, "I know what you were doing." 

Reaching down I squeezed his cock through his shorts, "I thought Nina may have done this to you." 

"She did!" Curt held my face with both hands speaking between kisses, "She's a serious cock tease." 

"I'll always take care of you." I kissed him back feeding my tongue to his hungry mouth, "You have to fuck me!" 

"Nope!" Nina's voice shocked us causing us to jump apart. 

"We didn't hear you come in Nina." I could feel my face flush. 

Nina smiled like a devilish imp, "I was going to wait a bit, but clearly you have to be quick around here!" 

"What?" Curt chuckled. 

Nina gave him a knowing look, "That's my erection. Clearly I have to fuck you now to stake my claim." She walked up to Curt and pushed him back against the counter kissing him. 

I stood in shock for a moment with what I can only assume was a seriously confused expression. 

Nina turned and gave me a dismissing look, "I think James needs some more attention greedy!" She smiled again before returning to Curt. 

Taking the very clear message, I left them alone and went up top to join James, "Any sight of the wanderers?" 

"Nope, and I don't care." James smiled at me. 

I turned to look at him, "What are you up to?" 

"I'm just happy that's all." His smile got infectiously wider. 

"Why is that?" 

James pulled me down on his lap with a knee on either side of his thigh, "I'm finally gonna fuck your hot little pussy baby." 

Before I could speak he pulled my lips to his and began probing deep inside my mouth with his tongue. His big hands pulled my bottoms to the side and his thick fingers slid easily into my wetness. With one quick motion he had lifted my ass and pulled his rock hard pole from his shorts lining himself up with my delicate opening. 

Breaking our kiss he stared into my eyes, "Ready baby?" 

I was deliriously horny and wiggled my hips sliding my slippery lips across the head of his cock before slowly lowering myself down on him until the head was stretching me wide open, "SLOW! Jesus, please go slow baby!" His cock was splitting me open. 

A true gentleman, he kept still letting me work his thick meat at my own pace. Although it was likely minutes it seemed like it took an eternity to make any headway. Eventually I was riding him and had about a third of his manhood buried inside me. 
