 Rebecca, a 40 year old recently separated from her husband, leaves her apartment and goes to the bank of mailboxes to get her mail. It's a clear and cool Saturday afternoon and she is looking forward to enjoying a nice relaxing afternoon. Rebecca meets her neighbor from two apartments over -- college aged, tall, and well defined, though not the body builder type. 

"Hello," he says, "I'm Jim. I live a couple doors down from you. I have seen you coming and going." He smiles and is warm. 

Rebecca is startled a bit, but quickly replied, "Oh, hi. I think I have seen you and your roommates around also. Do you go to LSU?"

"Yes, we are all seniors. Looking forward to graduating and moving on. Miles and I are about to have a beer. Would you like one?" Jim has a friendly demeanor and smile and Rebecca was looking forward to relaxing. "Ok, sure; maybe just one. Then I'll need to get on with my day!"

Rebecca follows Jim back to his apartment and they sit on the couch as Jim turns on the TV. Rebecca is aware that one of Jim's roommates being home, but she has not seen him, only heard him in the next room. 

"Jim, you should have seen Sue last night!" One of Jim's roommates walks from the backroom to the kitchen in only a towel, wrapped around his waist, without seeing Rebecca. "She was in one of her cock friendly moods. I bet she sucked at least five guys off last night. I was busy pounding Misty Helpern, that Tri Delt chick with the big boobs."

The new roommate emerged from the kitchen and suddenly sees Rebecca. "Miles, this is Rebecca," interjected Jim. "Oh, sorry. I didn't see you," Miles said.

"That's ok," Rebecca says, "lucky girl that Sue."

Everyone smiles, and the energy in the room suddenly changes. Rebecca, Jim, and Miles continue chatting and the conversation repeatedly comes back to sex. 

"Yeah, that last frat party was out of control," said Miles. "Remember Lisa Hartly?" Miles turns toward Rebecca and continues, "she was banging one of my friends in the frat house game room, but was real loud. 'Oh, fuck me. Oh, oh! Yes! Yes!'" 

"Sounds like she was having a good time. Does that happen a lot at your parties?" asks Rebecca.

"For the most part, yes," says Jim. "But not always loudly." He laughs and everyone smiles with him. Rebecca begins to notice that Miles keeps moving in his chair and as he moves she can occasionally see his cock. "You should come sometime," says Miles. 

"I do. As often as I can," Rebecca says with a broad smile. Everyone laughs, but Rebecca is pretty sure she can see Miles' cock stiffening. Jim excuses himself and Miles and Rebecca continue to talk. Rebecca can hear the shower running and in a few minutes Jim emerges in only a towel. Rebecca realizes that she is now sitting in the living room of two college students, two frat boys she has just met, in towels.

"We sometimes have parties here, too," says Jim. "You should come over."  

"Ok," Rebecca says. "Just let me know when they are!"

"They can get kinda wild," says Miles. "Are you up for that? Can you handle that?"

"Sure, I guess so," Rebecca says. "How wild?" Rebecca is intrigued and curious.   

"Well," says Miles, as he looks at Jim, "stand up. Let me show you." Not quite sure what is going to happen, Rebecca stands up in the middle of the room. Miles turns her around and puts a blindfold on her. "This is a game that the girls tend to like," says Jim. "Kneel down here." 

Rebecca kneels down. Is this really about to happen, she thinks? We haven't really talked about this yet! Then Rebecca feels it. She can feel a cock against her lips. In a split second, she has to make a choice, and she decides to open her mouth and the cock slides in. It has been a while since she has had sex and sucked on a cock. Rebecca, in the confusion of her mind, had to admit that she was wanton. 

"Oh yeah," says Miles. "Suck that cock. You like sucking cock, don't you Rebecca, don't you?"

In between long strokes on Jim's cock, Rebecca replies, "Yes, I enjoy sucking cock! It's been a long time for me, but I enjoy it!" Suddenly, you can hear the click click click of a camera as you continue to suck on Miles' cock. "Is that a camera?" you say, removing Miles' cock from your mouth. 

"Yes," says Jim. "We like to take pictures of all of the girls we have sex with. We gave a big wall of them at the frat house. That ok?"

"I guess so," Rebecca says somewhat sheepishly. "Just not on the Internet." And Rebecca starts to suck on Miles' cock again. 

"My turn bro," you hear Jim say to Miles and quickly Rebecca has a new cock to suck. Rebecca takes Jim's cock into her mouth and his cock is larger and thicker than Miles' so she has to work a little harder taking all of his cock into my mouth. Again, she can hear the clicks of a camera and that begins to excite her. 

Rebecca can hear both guys taking to each other almost as if she could not hear them. Miles was saying to Jim, "Boy, she's a great cock sucker! We need to get the others in on this action!" "Definitely," replies Jim. "She's a real MILF. I bet she does other things as well."

What? Rebecca thinks to herself. Are they talking about fucking me? Just then Rebecca hears the door open. "Hey guys!" a new voice enters the room, "who's this?" "This is the tall buxom blonde from next door that you were talking about yesterday!" says Jim.

Rebecca is still sucking on Jim's cock while wearing a blindfold, but she can hear the third guy undressing next to her. "Let me at her Jim. I spotted her first in the hall!" 

Then she feels Jim step back and the stranger's cock is suddenly in her mouth. "Spotted," she thinks. Was this planned? Rebecca then start to suck two of their cocks at once.

"She's already told us she likes to suck cock," says Miles, "and she doesn't mind us taking pictures." 

"Awesome," says the new guy. "What's her name?" You hear Miles reply, "Rebecca."

Just then Rebecca could feel someone behind her removing her shirt. Rebecca could feel that her tits were now on display in her bright royal blue bra. As she's sucking these two cocks in front of her, she thinks...wow, just a few minutes ago, I was sitting in these guys' apartment drinking a beer with Jim, and now, here I am sucking two cocks, one of which is a stranger. Whose cock am I'm sucking? 

Rebecca then finds her thoughts drifting back to their earlier comment, "I bet she's good at other things too." What "other" things are they referring to, she wonders? At that moment she feels someone pull her up to a standing position. Her jeans are unbuttoned and pulled off, while she offers not resistance. Rebecca continues thinking to herself: I'm now in front of these guys in my royal blue bra and matching thong panties. What am I doing? She can here their comments along with the camera click click click. She then hears the unknown new guy say, "I bet she's a great fuck!" 

Rebecca's pussy begins to tighten. She's not sure exactly how far she wants to go, but she's enjoying the moment. She feels hands on her ass and tits as the three guys begin to feel her. Rebecca then reaches behind her and grabs that guy's cock; then, she grabs the cock of the guy in front of her. They are both very hard.

"Rebecca you have a great body," the Miles, behind her, says. At the same time she can feel his hand slide from behind her into the front of her panties and down to her pussy. He is stroking her wet pussy when she hears him whisper into her ear, "Are you a slut Rebecca? Do you want us?" 

In that moment, Rebecca concedes, and whispers, "Yes. I want you to fuck me. I want to feel cock in my pussy." Rebecca can feel his hand stroking her wet pussy and she hears him tell the other guys about how wet she is. 

Miles then tells Jim, "We've got to get pics of this...all of this!" Then Rebecca feels him slide her panties down to her feet and he unclips her bra. As Rebecca's bra falls to the floor she realizes she is blindfolded and naked and incredibly horny in from of three 20 year old frat boys. Her heart is racing as she is mixed with excitement and hesitation and lust and anxiety...it is amazing, she thinks.  

"Are you ready to get fucked, Rebecca?" asks Miles.

"Definitely," Rebecca replies. "I want your cocks"  

"Excellent," says Jim. Rebecca then feels herself being pulled back down to her knees. What she doesn't know is that Mike has gone to his room and retrieved his computer. He has set the computer up on the table and has Skyped the frat house. "Hey, Jack, y'all gotta see this!" This didn't make much sense to Rebecca at the time, but she was now being watched by several guys and a couple girls at the frat house through the computer's built in camera. 

Rebecca is now on all fours, doggie style, in front of the three frat guys and those at the frat house. She can hear the pictures being taken when her mouth is full of cock. As Rebecca is sucking on a cock, she isn't quite sure whose it is, she can feel fingers probing her pussy. She knows she is about to get fucked by a young stranger, and can't wait! She then feel a cock slide into her pussy. 

"Oh yeah," Jim says as he begins to rock his cock in Rebecca. "She's really hot! Nice pussy. You guys are gonna love this. Mike keeps taking pics. This is worth masturbating to!"  

Jim continues to slide his cock into Rebecca's wet, hot pussy. She can feel him as he slides in and out of her, while she hears the camera close, real close. Rebecca wonders what pictures are actually being taken.

Jim begins to pound her pussy harder and faster. "Ahhhh, fuck!!!! Ah, YES, YES, YES!!!! Ohhhhh...fuck me!!! Please...fuck me! Fuck my pussy!!! Give it to me!!!! Ahhhhhhhh, yeeeess!!! 

"Next!" Rebecca hears from Mike and Jim withdraws. Rebecca then feel Mike, the stranger who now has a name, enter her pussy. "Oh, OH," she says, "that's a big cock! Who is that? Who's fucking me with that big cock?"

The guys at the frat house all cheer. "That's it Mike, fuck her with that big cock!" Rebecca then hears a girls voice say, "That IS a big cock. I want that cock too!" and you hear laughter. Rebecca is confused by these voices, but before those thoughts can be addressed Mike begins pounding her pussy furiously and her first orgasm is almost upon her.

A new cock is thrust in Rebecca's mouth as Mike pounds her. Rebecca pulls the cock from her mouth as the orgasm takes her, "Oh yeah. Fuck me. Fuck my cunt. Make me your SLUT! Give that big dick. Oh god, yes! Yes, fuck me!!! Give me that big cock of yours." Mike continues to fuck her hard and fast. 

In the midst of her orgasm, Rebecca hears a door open and then close, and she wonders who left? While still fucking Rebecca, Mike says, "Hey Ty! What brings you by?" 

Ty says, "I was watching this take place on the computer and I wanted to get me some of this white girl's pussy. She looks incredible!"

Rebecca isn't sure exactly what he's referring to by "I was watching this," what was he talking about?!?! What were they watching?!?! Who was watching?!?! Ty says to Mike, "Tell me, is she a great fuck?"

"Hell yeah!" Mike says. "You'll soon see, but for now, I'm fucking her! She's mine now!"  

Rebecca is on all fours being fucked from behind, but begins to feel someone's hands on her hips and stomach. She realizes that there is someone sliding under her...she can feel his sweaty body. Suddenly, she feels a tongue licking her pussy. 

"Where do you want me to cum?" said Mike, as he fucked Rebecca's pussy with greater intensity. She turned her mouth from Miles' cock and says, "On my face, shoot it there!" She was moaning as Ty began to lick her clit with his tongue. 

Mike then began to fuck her harder, incredibly harder, as she turned her attention to the cock in my mouth. As she was about to cum again, Mike groaned loudly, pulling his cock out of her soaked pussy. Rebecca was sucking Mike's cock with a vengeance now and could see his balls contract when she felt Ty enter her pussy, returning her to a state of near orgasm. 

Rebecca moaned loudly, "Ohhhh, yes!!! Oh, fuck, yes!!!" She moaned loudly as Mike shot a load all over her cheek. She tried to control the aim of Mike's shot, but then opened her mouth wider as his second and third shots were quick. They both deflected off of her tongue, landing mainly on her cheek and chin, with some in her mouth. She tried to lick it up, but felt a rush of orgasm overtake her! "Yesssssssssss! Pound me! Make me your slut. Oh, oh, oh," she screamed as she came violently, cum seeping out of her mouth. 

Mike's cum flow turned into a trickle, but this event must have been too much for Ty who then positioned his cock over Rebecca's face, and without saying anything came heavily all over her face, with only some landing in her mouth. With Ty and Mikes' cum dripping from her face, and her own orgasm subsiding, Miles stands her up again.  

"Rebecca, what would you like?"  

"More!" She responded. "More fucking and more cum on my face!"

Jim then bends her over a couch. He then slides his cock into her very wet pussy. "You're a real slut aren't you?" says Jim.  

"Definitely," she says. "I'm a cum slut and I love to be fucked." At this moment, she thinks, blindfolded and having been fucked to orgasm and with two loads of cum on her face, she was hot for just about anything! Jim then slides his cock into Rebecca's ready and waiting pussy. 

"Oh, that's nice," Rebecca says.  

"You have a great pussy," Jim replies. "I have some friends that would love to fuck you."

"Sounds good! Do they fuck as well as you?" Rebecca is really enjoying the solid fucking she is getting from Jim. He is pounder her, but not too hard and not too fast.  

"Definitely. Are you up for a frat gangbang? About once a month we get a girl to agree to be gangbanged in the frat house. You up for that?"

"Oh, yeah! Count me in!!!" Rebecca had never participated in group sex at all until today. Jim continues to pound her pussy as Miles puts his cock in her mouth.  

"Excellent. I'll set it up. Would you like to be the only female or would you like company?" asks Jim.

"I'd like to be the only one!" 

"Would any of your friends like to be gangbanged?" 

"Maybe one or two...I'll have to see. I'm the adventurous one in my group." Jim continues to pound Rebecca's pussy and she can feel an orgasm building. 

"So you are the most sexually adventurous slut in your group?"

"Yes, I'm the most sexually adventurous slut in my group...probably the only one!" 

"Will you tell them about today?" asks Jim.  

Rebecca sucks on Miles' cock for a bit and then says, "I'll tell them of my experience with the four frat guys...I'll tell them of sucking their cocks, of the guys pounding my pussy, cuming on my face..." 

Just then Rebecca could feel Miles' cum across her face and then he stuffs his cock in her mouth for one last spurt. She can taste his cum as she licks his cock clean. 

"Oh, Rebecca, I'm going to cum in you!" Jim exclaims. "No! Cum on my face. Make me a mess. I want to be your cum slut," says Rebecca between pants. Jim pulls out of her pussy and roughly shoves his cock into her mouth. "Suck my cock, slut. Make me cum!" 

Rebecca liked being controlled and sucked his cock with all of her abilities. She could sense he was close and then he pulled out of her mouth and she could feel the warm cum across her forehead and nose. He then pushed his softening cock into her mouth again and she could taste his cum on her mouth. 

"Fuck, I love that!" Rebecca exclaims loudly. "I need another cock!" 

Then, Ty pulls Rebecca to her feet and guides her to Miles' bed. "I want to fuck that white pussy some more." He pushes Rebecca back on the bed and she can feel his big cock enter her pussy. He starts to fuck her and she can immediately feel an orgasm in the distance. He's picking up speed and Rebecca is moaning, "Oh, fuck me. Use me. Make me cum."  

"You like my big cock, don't you? You like being treated like a slut, don't you?"  

"Yes, I love your COCK!" Rebecca moans loudly. "And, I must admit that sometimes I do like being treated like a slut. Do you like treating me like a slut?" Rebecca's orgasm is on the verge.

"I love white sluts," he says and then reaches up and pulls off Rebecca's blindfold. "What do think about being fucked by a big black cock?"

Surprised, but completely turned on, Rebecca says loudly, "Fuck me!!! I want that black cock in my pussy! Make me your cum slut!!!" Rebecca leans forward to see his cock slide in and out of her pussy -- a big black cock sliding in and out of her white pussy.  

"I knew when I saw you sucking Miles' cock that you would be a black cock slut." He was really pounding Rebecca now, as she watched herself get fucked. Her orgasm then began to take her over.  

"You want my black cock?" 

Rebecca was overcome with her orgasm, "Yessssssssss!!! Yeessssssss! Fuck me!!! Make me your black cock slut! Cum in my pussy! I want to feel your cum!" 

Rebecca's tits are rocking to Ty's serious fucking. She can feel his ball slapping her pussy with every stroke. 

"What are you going to tell your friends?" demand Ty.

"I'm going to tell them that I was a black cock slut and enjoyed every minute of being fucked by a black guy. I am going to tell them that they should try it! Fuck my pussy with your black cock!" 

Ty began to breath heavy as he plunged into Rebecca. Finally, in a quick move he pulls out of Rebecca and shoots his cum all over her stomach and tits. It is only after a few minutes of rest and recovery that Rebecca notices the camera again and the other three people. As another 10 minutes pass you chat a bit with the boys, pick up your clothes, and head home.

"I hope we'll see you again," says Jim.

"I hope ya'll will fuck me again," says Rebecca. Everyone is all smiles as the apartment door closes behind her.