 This story is a continuation of the characters and plots developed in the story "Rebecca Becomes a Party Girl," Chapters 1 through 3 (under username edisonCaroline). This story will make more sense if you have read those chapters first.

*****

I. Rebecca Gets Together with Karen and Jordan

Rebecca was on her way to meet up with Karen for lunch, who had indicated that she was bringing a friend of hers from Mississippi. Normally this wouldn't have mattered to Rebecca, but she and Karen had yet to "debrief" following her sexual escapades at Clint's party. 

Rebecca greeted Karen as she arrived at the restaurant and was introduced to Jordan. Jordan seemed to have something of the "sexy librarian" in her - shoulder length jet-black hair with black rimmed glasses. She also wore a big broad smile. Rebecca liked her immediately.

The day was giving way to night and with it coolness had descended. Rebecca liked this time of night - it was energizing and relaxing, simultaneously. She listened while Karen discussed her latest cases at the law firm. Rebecca liked to listen to Karen's stories since the law was not something she was familiar with, and she really appreciated Karen's intelligence. Karen's law gave way to Jordan's teaching. Karen had already told Rebecca that Jordan was a professor in Mississippi, but that was about all she knew. Jordan filled in the gaps: she'd been at the university for about 10 years, teaching psychology, and was enjoying working with the students. 

In no time, it was her turn to catch up the others and she told them about her part-time work as the church receptionist and her tutoring at the high school. She also shared some stories about how her boys continued to keep her entertained and on her toes. Rebecca indicated that she appreciated the flexibility her part-time work allowed. As the catch-up chit-chat began to dwindle, Rebecca was wondering if Karen was going to allow her to escape so easily.

"So, what about the party? You can't just leave that out." Karen had her head tilted to the side and was showing a broad smile, giving Rebecca a hard time. Rebecca looked momentarily at Jordan, then back to Karen.

"She's fine," said Karen, looking toward Jordan. "You okay with some sex talk? Rebecca had an interesting experience the other night at a college party and we have yet to catch up."

"Fine with me," replied Jordan enthusiastically. "I love a good sex story, and my sex life has been a bit barren of late."

"Okay, I'll give you some of the highlights, but we will need to keep this kind of low," Rebecca indicating the group of men to their right who are having their own catch-up chit-chat. "I don't think this should be overheard."

Rebecca then looked at Jordan, "If any of this makes you uncomfortable, just let me know and I'll stop. I'm not exactly sure how far to go back, but for the recent party to make sense I probably have to go back pretty far, but not the beginning. A while ago, I went over to a friend's house, John, to have sex with him. He has a really big cock and I just had to have it, again." Rebecca laughed. "Well, before we had sex a friend of his came over, Frank. I didn't really know Frank. In any event, John and Frank and I had sex. What I didn't know was that one of my high school ex-students, Richard, who is now in college, came by the house to clean John's pool. Needless to say, Richard got an eye full, and as it turned out an ear full and a video full."

"Rebecca, you do yourself an injustice," Rebecca heard Karen interrupting. "The three of you didn't just have sex, you gave yourself to them and they fucked the living daylights out of you."

"Well, yes, I did, and they did, and Richard ended up getting video of me getting face fucked, double teamed, and begging with all my life to be fucked." Rebecca was looking at Jordan for a response, and what she saw pleased her. Jordan was smiling and seemed happy to be hearing the story. 

"A few days later Richard called me and told me he had a problem and could I swing by his place. Of course, I had no idea that he had video of me laying across an ottoman getting taken by two men. So, I went over to see if I could help him with his problem, which at that point, I had no idea what the problem was." Rebecca shook her head in jest. "He showed me several parts of the video he took and, I must confess, I got aroused watching myself getting fucked by two large cocks. I ended up get so entranced by watching myself, I hadn't noticed that Richard had slipped away. When he came back he stood in front of me with a long, hard, and youthful cock aimed straight at my face. While I objected, and told him that he was one of my ex-students so we couldn't do anything, it wasn't long before his cock was sliding past my lips and into my mouth."

"That's amazing," said Jordan, "that's like one of those stories you read about on the web. And, I mean that in a good way," she said with a smile.

"So, I began happily sucking on his cock," Rebecca continued. "As you can imagine, it didn't stop there. After sucking his cock for a while, he turned on a camera that was both recording us and showing us on his big screen TV. At that point I was naked and he had me get on all fours. I must admit, I was completely turned on by watching myself. He fucked me good and for quite some time. His youthful vigor came in handy!"

Rebecca stopped for a moment and looked at Karen and Jordan, giving them a chance to chime in.

"A few days later Richard texted me that he was having a small party and that I should come over. I figured I shouldn't go, but I knew he had video of me with Frank and John, as well as video of him giving me a pretty good turn. So, I went. After I got there, Richard cornered me in his kitchen, while everyone else was out in the living room watching a movie. He put me on the counter and gave me a solid going over with his cock. It was exciting, the idea that we might get caught by one of the other guests. And we did. While he was fucking me I happened to look over his shoulder and see a friend of his, Clint, watching me getting fucked. I have to admit that while Clint was watching us, I shifted my body to give him a better view of my pussy."

"You slut!" said Karen.

"Does that surprise you?" replied Rebecca.

"Not one bit," Karen turned towards Jordan, "Rebecca has a habit of getting herself into sexual trouble when she's highly aroused." Karen turned back to Rebecca, "Isn't that right?"

"Unfortunately, yes, and I did that night too. After Richard was through with me on the counter he put me on my knees and rather roughly came down my throat. It was all very sexy." Rebecca turned to Jordan, as if to explain, "You are learning a lot about me very quickly, but I have a submissive side, so I like it when a man takes charge of me."

"Me too," said Jordan, with what Rebecca took to be a mixture of embarrassment, confession, and excitement. "Your story is getting me aroused," she said.

"Then let me continue," said Rebecca, "but first I must run to the lady's room." Jordan indicated she needed to as well and Karen agreed to hold the table.

II. Rebecca and Jordan Make Friends

Rebecca listened as Jordan confided in her on the way to the bathroom. "Your story is amazing and I'm completely jealous. I would love to let it go like that sexually, but I don't know if I can. I guess you could say that's one of my fantasies." Rebecca assured her that she was capable of it, if she simply decided. They reentered the restaurant from the patio, past the pool tables, and went down the hallway to the restrooms. As they came out from the ladies room, they were met by two of the three men from their neighboring table.

Rebecca was a bit startled when she saw two men in the hallway, but she relaxed when she recognized them. As they approached the two men, the taller of the men spoke out, "Once we heard you talking about sex, we made an effort to eavesdrop on your story." Rebecca could see he was speaking directly to her. "Your story got us going. When we saw you heading inside we decided to follow you to see if you might like to help us out. I guess you could say we have a problem and you're the solution."

There were long seconds of silence before the smaller man spoke out, "We know you're both submissives, so let me put this another way. We're going to walk around this corner, past the bathrooms, where it's a bit more private, and you're both going to give us blow jobs." As Rebecca listened, she could feel herself being escorted down the hallway, not pushed, merely escorted, by the tall man. Jordan was being escorted by the smaller man.

When they rounded the corner Rebecca turned towards Jordan, "Are you okay with this? We certainly don't have to." Rebecca could tell that Jordan wasn't quite sure, but she nodded her head at Rebecca. Rebecca figured this might be a chance for Jordan to get out of her sexual comfort zone.

"Where do you belong?" said the tall man to Rebecca as they came to a stop in a deserted section of the hallway.

"On my knees, sucking your cock," replied Rebecca. She then fell to her knees and began to unzip the tall man's pants. She could hear the shorter guy say to Jordan, "Suck my cock, bitch!" Rebecca thought that was a bit aggressive and was getting ready to say something, when she saw Jordan getting to her knees. Rebecca freed her man's cock and it was already mostly hard. She began to stroke it and then leaned forward, swirling her tongue on the head of his cock as it entered her mouth. She loved the feeling of a new cock entering her mouth.

As she continued to suck the tall man with long strokes, she took a peek over at Jordan to see how she was doing. She was a little worried that Jordan might not be comfortable, as she had just said she doesn't really "let loose." She could see the shorter man with both his hands around the back of Jordan's head and he was sliding his cock in and out of her mouth - definitely a face fucking. Rebecca heard the shorter man say, "You like me face fucking you, bitch?" When Jordan didn't reply, she was just kind-of just holding on, he said again, "Do you, bitch? Do you like me fucking your face?"

She heard Jordan say quietly, "Yes, please fuck my face, sir. I'm here to please you." 

"You're damn right," the shorter man responded. "And, you should be treated like a bitch, shouldn't you?" Jordan couldn't speak for a minute or two as her mouth was being assaulted by his hard cock.

"Yes, I should," Rebecca heard Jordan finally say, "but I've never been a man's bitch before."

"A bitch does as she is told."

"Yes sir, I can be your bitch." Rebecca was impressed and aroused by Jordan's response. Even though he was being a bit of an ass, she was wishing she was the smaller man's bitch too.

"Before the end of the night, bitch, I'm going to be fucking either you or your girlfriend over there!" Rebecca was surprised at what she was hearing. The idea was for Jordan and herself to simply suck their cocks, not let the men fuck them. She didn't think the guy was going to be fucking anyone tonight. 

"You submissives are so fucking easy," said the short man. "Suck my cock like a good little bitch!"

Rebecca went back to sucking on the taller man's cock. Listening to Jordan and the smaller man had made her extremely wet. She was licking the head of his cock, deep throating him, and licking his balls. She was giving the taller man her full attention when she heard the smaller man speak.

"Bitch, you're are a good mouth fuck but it's time for me to get some from that tall, blonde white trash over there." Rebecca was just short of stunned; she had ever been called white trash before. "Bitch and White Trash switch places," Rebecca heard the shorter man command. Before Rebecca could decide what to do, Jordan was already on her feet moving behind Rebecca to take her place.

Rebecca stood up and moved over in front of the smaller man. She wasn't sure if she should set him straight, slap him, or what. "White trash?" she said with indignation in her voice.

"What's my name?"

"I have no idea," said Rebecca. "I just met you."

"Get on your knees and lick my balls, White Trash."

Rebecca got to her knees, a bit irritated that he was calling her "white trash." She watched him stroke his cock as she leaned forward and began to lick his balls. She wasn't a big ball licker, but she knew guys enjoyed it and she has just told to do so, and, she thought, she does as she's told. 

"See, White Trash, all I have to do is tell you and you are more than happy to get on your knees and lick my balls. I'm guessing you'd let me fuck your ass too. That's a sure sign of white trash."

Rebecca shook her head in defiance as she took his hard cock into her mouth and down her throat. 

"We'll see, White Trash. I'm thinking you're a bigger slut than your bitch friend over there. In fact, I bet you take pride in your cock sucking."

Rebecca felt challenged and couldn't help herself. "You're damn right I do!" she said briefly removing his cock from her mouth. "Several men have told me what a good cocksucker I am. I love sucking men's cocks."

Rebecca could feel the smaller man grab her by the back of her head and force himself back down her throat. "Some girls suck cock because they have to, but you do it because you know your place! I'm sure you let men fuck you in the ass, too, don't you?"

Rebecca had never admitted as much. Giving up her ass was still a bit new for her, but she does like it, and she loves how excited men get when she lets them. She could feel the smaller man abusing her mouth some more. 

"You like it, don't you? You don't just tolerate it like most girls, you actually like it."

"Yes," Rebecca said, "I like it when a man takes my ass. I know he's dominating, controlling, and degrading me when he does." 

"I knew you were white trash."

Rebecca continued sucking the smaller man and she could feel that her pussy was more than a little bit wet after her exchange with him. As she kneeled on the ground she took a quick look at Jordan and could see that she was in the midst of giving the tall man a very nice sucking. Rebecca then licked the smaller man, she sucked him, she deep throated him, and she rubbed his cock submissively all over her face while she held the smaller man's eyes in her gaze. 

"Show me your tits, White Trash. Show off those big tits of yours. Men must love your big tits." Rebecca was thinking that they hadn't agreed the take off any clothes; they only agreed to suck their cocks. But she was now in a mood, so she took off her blouse, revealing her pearl colored bra which showed most of her tits. She was happy to show the men her tits and was glad she wore such a revealing bra.

Rebecca fondled her tits a bit through her bra and said, "Yes, men love my tits. They love to fuck them and cum all over them. Do you want to fuck my tits?" Rebecca wasn't sure why she was being so forthcoming with the smaller man, although she was enjoying him taking control.

"I'm going to fuck more than that," Rebecca heard him say, almost off-handedly.

"I don't think so," Rebecca responded emphatically, "blow jobs only, mister." She engulfed his cock again, but he seemed to be ignoring her for the moment.

"Bitch, take off your top, like White Trash over here." Rebecca watched Jordan take off her top. Rebecca noticed she was wearing a very nice black, mostly see-through, bra. Jordan had nice tits and smooth cleavage, she thought. Rebecca could tell that both the taller man and the shorter man were close to cumming. They were both breathing hard and mere standing had become a challenge. The shorter man seemed to sense this and decided to get in one last humiliation. 

"Bitch and White Trash, pull down your pants so we can see your thongs. I assume sluts like you will be wearing matching thongs." 

Rebecca stood up, apprehensively since they were simply at the end of a hallway where anyone could come around corner from the bathrooms, with Jordan joining her. Rebecca, for some reason, thought she should ask Jordan first.

"Do you want to take off your pants and show these guys your thong and your ass?"

"Yes, I do. We're their bitches. We should do what they tell us."

"You like being a man's bitch?" asked Rebecca.

"Apparently."

They both pulled down their jeans and both wearing thongs, Jordan with see-through black and Rebecca with pearl lace. The smaller man was right again, Rebecca thought, matching bra and panties.

Once more Rebecca heard the smaller man take control, "Each of you now needs to thank us for letting you suck our cocks and beg us to cum on you."

Rebecca was surprised by the request and Jordan didn't say anything either, so the smaller man stepped in again, "Bitch, are you really submissive or are you just easy?"

"I'm submissive, sir. I'm not easy," said Jordan. "I like to be told what to do." Rebecca agreed with Jordan's response and she found it aroused her even more. She knew deep down that if a man ordered her to suck his cock or to spread her legs so he could fuck her, she would. Her mind flashed back to a man she had met online, Tommy, a few months ago. They had just had their first date that night and were kissing on her couch when he pulled out his hard cock and told her to suck him. While they had just met face-to-face, she did lean forward and obliged him. Later that night, he fucked her into a whimpering hot mess. 

"Thank you both for letting me suck your cocks," Jordan continued. "I'm glad you told us to suck you. If you want me to again, just tell me. I'm happy being your bitch, and I am here to suck your cocks." Rebecca saw Jordan looked up at the taller man, "Please let me suck your cock and please cum on me. I love to taste and feel cum. You can use my face for your cum, if you'd like." With that and without waiting for a response, Jordan got to her knees again and began to suck the tall man's cock.

Rebecca turned from Jordan and looked at the smaller man. Rebecca noticed that she was considerably taller than the smaller man, but the smaller man knew he was in charge and was grinning back, challengingly, at Rebecca.

"I'm a submissive bitch too," started Rebecca, looking at both men in turn. For some reason she wanted to make sure the men knew that. "Thank you both for fucking our faces. Maybe next time you can fuck our hot pussies and really make us your bitches." Rebecca wasn't sure how Jordan felt about that, but Rebecca was sure if Jordan weren't here she'd be getting fucked by both their cocks in the hallway. Rebecca happened to glance over at Jordan as she said this and noticed that Jordan began to nod her head. Again, Rebecca was pleasantly surprised with Jordan.

"I'm glad you overheard our conversation and decided to take advantage of us. We appreciate you ordering us to suck your cocks; sometimes it's hard for a good woman to get enough cock." Rebecca again noticed Jordan nodding her head. Rebecca was thinking that Jordan may be a cock slut, like herself. Rebecca liked that.

As Rebecca got on her knees to suck the smaller man's cock. She concluded by saying, "Cum for me. Cum on me. Let me be your cum slut." Rebecca began sucking his cock and playing with his balls, she leaned down and licked his balls while she stroked his cock. She could tell he was quickly coming to a boil. She wanted to submit a little bit more, so she pulled his cock from her mouth and said, "You can cum on my face, or you can cum on my tits, or I can pull down my thong and you can cum on my ass." Rebecca then went back to attacking his cock. She wanted to feel him cum on her. She could feel he was close.

"Stand up and bend over, White Trash. I want your fucking ass." She did as she was told. She stood up and peeled down her thong, and then she leaned forward, bending over at the waist, and putting her hands on the wall. The position would let him cum easily on her ass. From her new position, she looked over and could see the taller man holding the top of Jordan's head and stroking his cock. He was getting ready to unload on her face and Jordan seemed more than ready for it.
