 This story is a continuation of the characters and plots developed in the story "Rebecca Becomes a Party Girl," Chapters 1 through 6 (under username edisonCaroline). This story will make more sense if you have read those chapters first.

*****

I. Rebecca Initiated into Service 

Rebecca awakened Saturday morning full of anticipation. Marcy told her that today she would be initiated into the Central Slut's club, her "coming out" party. Was it a club or a clique or an organization? Perhaps a society, she thought. A society of sluts and today she was to become a member. She had no idea what the initiation would be, Marcy was very tightlipped.

She got up and showered, deciding to use the morning to catch up on some family shopping and errands. She finished up at 11:30 and headed home to text Marcy, since she had yet to hear from her. As she pulled into her driveway she could see the mailman stopping by her mailbox. She grabbed her purse and a couple of shopping bags, and headed toward the front door, waving at the mailman. Once she got in the house she went to the kitchen to put away the groceries.

There was a knock at the door.

"There's a special package for the slut," said the mailman as she opened the front door.

"There's a what?" said Rebecca, taken aback, her body inherently registering offense.

"A special package. A special delivery. For the slut of the house."

None of this made any sense to Rebecca. The mailman was not acting as if he were mad or trying to cause offense. But, he just called her a slut, twice. Wait, what? He just called her a slut, twice. The dots in her mind began to connect. Did he know?

"You know?" said Rebecca.

"I'm not in the habit of insulting women," said the mailman.

"Of course, please come in."

Rebecca only knew the mailman in passing. She looked at his uniform, Terrell Miller. Terrell Miller knew that she was a Central Slut. Where was this going?

"You have a special package? A special delivery?" said Rebecca, not knowing what else to say.

"That's what they tell me. You ready for that?"

This was wild, thought Rebecca. Here was the mailman propositioning her. She knew it was her obligation to service him since he knew she was a Central Slut. She had given her word to be a Central Slut. It was clear that she could be propositioned just about anywhere, by anyone, even her mailman. 

"Yes, of course, you're right. I'm a Central Slut and here to serve you. What would you like me to do?" 

Rebecca suddenly felt very awkward. She knew she was playing a role that she did not yet fully understand. She watched as Terrell walked over to her couch, slid off his pants, and sat down.

"You can start by sucking my dick. Ever since I've been delivering your mail I wondered what it would be like to have your mouth around my dick. When I heard you were a new slut, I knew you'd be sucking my dick. Come over here and show me."

Rebecca walked around the couch and stood in front of Terrell. For the first time, she looked down and saw that he had a monster cock. A monster.

"Oh," escaped from Rebecca's mouth. "Wow." She watched Terrell slowly stroking his monster cock. It was bigger and thicker than any she had ever seen. "That's a special package."

"Take off your clothes, slut. Show me that body I've been imagining for the past couple of years."

Without looking away from his cock, Rebecca took off her jeans and T-shirt, and then her bra and underwear. She found herself standing naked in front of Terrell, the mailman. She was incredibly aroused and happy to be naked for him. He was holding his very hard cock straight up and she felt her pussy respond. This was all sex, she thought. There is no pretense of anything else -- he's a man with a big hard cock and I am a woman with a big wet pussy. 

"You've got a woman's body, big tits and a nice ass. I like that. Now, get on your knees and suck my dick."

Rebecca knelt in a sexual stupor. Her mind was slowing down as her body was speeding up. She took his cock by the base and realized she could not get her hand all the way around it. It stood tall and proud, beckoning her. It was beautiful, she thought. She leaned forward and tilted his cock out to meet her. She licked his head. Opening her mouth wide, she slid the head of his cock into her mouth and began to swirl him with her tongue. She looked up at him in submission. She slowly forced her head down onto him and his cock quickly reached the back of her throat, with plenty still exposed. With a singular focus, she started bobbing her head on his cock, licking and salivating on him, his cock knocking the back of her throat. She was determined.

"You're a big girl," said Terrell, "get that big girl mouth around my big dick. I've watched you walk around your yard, you ain't no petite flower. The word on the street is that you are a good cocksucker -- show me."

Rebecca was happy to hear about her reputation. She wanted men to know that she was good at sucking cock. They were all soon to learn, as well, that she would suck there cocks merely for the asking. She knew as a Central Slut she would be spending a lot more time on her knees worshiping men's cocks and she looked forward to that. 

She was trying to get as much of his cock down her throat as she could, slobbering, frothing, and panting. She felt him pushing her head down on his cock, and she tried to relax her throat to accommodate him. A little at a time, she was able to bury more of his monster cock down her throat. 

"I'll get your cock down my throat," Rebecca apologized. "I'm definitely your cock girl. I'll not let you down. I'm in love with your big cock. I kind of have a thing for big cocks." 

"I had Mary Kelly on my cock this morning, and she was damn near useless. She's a shit cocksucker and a waste of a fuck. Better than nothing, I guess, but not by much. But, you got it going. You're workin' it. Look at you go, Miss prim and proper."

"Prim and proper?" said Rebecca. "As you can tell, not as prim and proper as people may think. I definitely have a slut side. I'm going to want your cock in my mouth a lot. I'm glad I'm a better cocksucker than Mary Kelly. I want to be the best cocksucker you've ever had."

"She's a slut, just like you. All the men who like skinny, little woman go for her. I prefer the Wonder Woman type, like you. I let her get on my dick when she's home and I need to deliver a package -- usually just a suck, but today she wanted more."

Rebecca could hardly believe what she was hearing. Who knew the mailman was servicing the women of Central? Who else? Who was the third? Rebecca continued her efforts to engulf Terrell's cock.

"Best cocksucker I've had so far is Molly Anderson, from the book store downtown. That woman can suck cock. I need to get the two of you together to gang up on my cock."

"I'd love to gang up on your cock with Molly." Rebecca has known Molly for several years and had no idea she was a slot for cock as well. She and Molly were built about the same, taller than most women, good sized tits, and plenty of ass. "How about two sluts worshiping your cock?"

"Time to fuck. I got mail to deliver."

Rebecca sat back from Terrell. She could see that her saliva only covered about two thirds of his giant cock. She was a bit disappointed, and thought maybe she could swallow more of his cock next time. Next time? Yes, next time, she thought. She knew she would be servicing Terrell again (and again). 

"Lean over the couch, slut. Show me that big pussy."

Rebecca did as she was told. She was now leaning on the back of the couch, her ass and pussy fully exposed to Terrell. Her full nakedness was also fully visible to anyone who happen to come to the front door or walk by the front of the house, and once Terrell starting fucking her, her slut side would be visible to all. She found that mortifying and stimulating. Her pussy obviously found it stimulating, she was wet as a baby seal.

"Like this?" Rebecca extended her arms against the back of the couch and spread her legs a bit wider. For some reason, she wanted Terrell's approval. Given the size of his cock, she wanted to give him as unfettered access to her pussy as she could. She was bound and determined for him to bury his entire cock in her pussy.

She could feel Terrell sliding his cock across her pussy. She knew her pussy lips were swollen with expectation and excitement. She let out a moan, and then another.

"Somebody wants some dick," Rebecca heard Terrell say.

"Ohhh, I want some dick," Rebecca said. "Some big dick." 

And, she did. This would be uncharted territory, her biggest cock by far. Terrell had now grabbed her by the hip with one hand and was working the head of his cock into her pussy with the other.

"Aaaaaaaah. Yes, put it in me," she said as his cock head slipped past her lips. "Introduce your cock to me pussy." 

She felt him start to fuck her with just the head of his cock, back and forth, in and out. Then, he sank several more inches into her all at once.

"Ah! Fuck!" Rebecca let out a yell and then a squeal. "Yeeeeeessssss." 

She looked over her shoulder at Terrell, who was carefully examining his cock as it entered her pussy. She then looked out the window to see if anyone was watching her as Terrell began to rock his cock in her stretched pussy.

"Oh, big fucking cock. Work it in my big pussy." Rebecca was on the verge of yelling.

Rebecca could feel her first orgasm looming. Terrell was only fucking her with half of his monster cock, but he was already going to make her cum. She was an easy fuck for big cock, she thought. 

"More cock, give me more cock," said Rebecca, her orgasm crashing around her. "I'm a big girl, made for big cock. I want to be your best fuck, ever." Rebecca was shaking with his cock. "Best fuck ever." 

Rebecca could feel Terrel giving her more cock.

"Force your whole cock into me, make me take it. Don't worry about me, please your cock. Use my pussy. I'm not prim and proper, I'm a slut, a big fucking slut!"

"You're like Molly Anderson. She takes my dick and she's a dirty talker, too. When I deliver her books on Thursdays, I always get my dick wet. She may read a lot, but she also gets a lot of dick."

"Give me dick, Terrell," said Rebecca. "I want your dick, just like Molly Anderson. If Molly can take your dick, I can take your dick. Tell her you fucked me, tell her you fucked Rebecca good." Rebecca was now sweating with orgasm and use, she was a mess. 

"I once walked in on her giving it to the kid that works there. He was driving her across a box of books. She just kept saying, 'show me what you got' and 'bang my pussy.' He did, too. I was impressed"

Rebecca could feel Terrell giving her the rest of his cock.

"Yes, more! Fuck, you're big, Terrell. Big cock. Bury your cock in my big pussy. All the way in."

Rebecca could feel that Terrell was now taking full strokes. She had never felt this full of cock before. His steady rhythm of hard fucking elongated her orgasm. He was a fucking machine and she was in orgasmic bliss.

All too soon, Rebecca could feel Terrell pulling out of her.

"Lie down on the carpet and pull up your legs."

Breathless, with sweat dripping off of her tits and down her hips, Rebecca turned quickly from the couch, wanting Terrell back in her as soon as possible. She looked out the window and could see Mr. Nielsen walking by with his dog. He turned and saw her standing by the window, naked, sweaty. Rebecca, with her body still full of orgasmic glow, simply smiled and waved. She was in no condition to be embarrassed. She wanted him to see her. She was wishing that he had walked by earlier, so he could have watched her getting fucked. That news would have spread quickly throughout Central, the story of watching her getting fucked by the mailman, that would have been gossip worth sharing.

Rebecca laid down on the carpet and grabbed her legs behind her knees, pulling her legs up and apart. She had never exposed her pussy to such an extreme before; but, she wanted Terrell's cock, and she wanted it badly. She watched Terrell kneel between her legs and begin to bounce his cock off of her shameless pussy. He then began to slide the head of his cock in and out of her pussy. Rebecca was fascinated watching it disappear and reappear. She was being such a slut, thought Rebecca.

"You, me, and Molly Anderson are gonna have to party. Y'all are freaks."

Rebecca watched Terrell slide more of his monster cock into her pussy. She pulled her legs back even further to make sure he was bottoming out in her. She wanted every inch.

"Make us your personal sluts, Terrell. You've got what it takes. Two cock loving women at your beck and call. We will worship your cock. Anytime, anywhere." 

More of Terrell's cock disappeared inside of her, and Rebecca whimpered, whined, and squealed.

"You'll be my sluts all right," said Terrell, again reaching full strokes in her cock-soggy pussy. 

"Pound me with your cock, Terrell. Pound me! Fuck me hard!" 

Rebecca wanted Terrell to take full advantage of her with his big cock, and with her next orgasm on its way, she wanted him to own her pussy. 

"Don't treat me nice. Crush my pussy. Fuck me unconscious."

Terrell did. Rebecca felt him slamming down into her, hammering her into the floor. She could hear the room booming and shaking each time he bashed her pussy. Her pussy was on fire, sucking him in with each thrust. Boom-boom-boom she heard as her body shook in rhythm.

"Yes, yes, yes," yelled Rebecca. "No mercy, own my pussy. I've never been fucked this hard -- fucking slut." 

Rebecca could feel that she was losing control, being fucked senseless. Her orgasm was incapacitating, she could barely see.

Terrell continued to maul her pussy, body slamming her with each stroke. The room was loud with her screams, moaning, and profanity, as well as the sound of Terrell's body smashing into hers.

"I'm your slut," said Rebecca, almost at a whisper, her body consumed. "Rebecca's Terrell's slut."

"Time to deliver the mail," said Terrell. 

Rebecca perked up a bit. 

"Yes, sir, deliver the mail," said Rebecca. "Deliver the mail deep in my pussy. Fill me with your cum. Pump me full," Rebecca kept repeating as Terrell kept pounding her.

"Busting a nut," said Terrell. "Fuck, yeah. Another nut. First Mary Kelly, now Miss Rebecca. Must be my lucky day."

"Empty yourself in me. Leave me full of your cum," said Rebecca barely aware. "Sully me you're your cum." She could feel him unloading inside of her, his pulsing cock and the growing reservoir of cum. "Fill me. Fill me up."

"Another cum slut for the mailman." Rebecca heard Terrell say. "Who's next?"

As he dismounted from her, Rebecca just laid on the floor, her legs still spread, a hot, sweaty, exhausted, cum-filled mess. She could not move. She laid there knowing that his cum and sweat were dripping from her body onto the rug. She didn't care. 

"Here, lick me clean. I need to go."

Rebecca watched as Terrell moved his softening cock across her mouth and face. She just laid there and greedily licked his cock from end to end. She never moved her hands or arms, she was too tired. She did her best to suck him into her mouth, but even soft, he was large; so, mostly she watched as he wiped his cock clean on her face. As he pulled away, she had his cum in her mouth and all across her face, not to mention flowing from her pussy.

"Your reputation is right, you're a great fuck. I'll spread the word. In the meantime, expect more special deliveries."

"Thank you for fucking me," said Rebecca, and she meant it. "You know you can fuck me anytime." 

Rebecca was still too tired to move, but she knew she would be seeing Terrell again. 

"I'm always open to you." said Rebecca quietly to herself as she heard Terrell closing her front door. 

She needed a nap, she thought. Right here, right now, dripping cum and sweat. She was well fucked and happy.

II. Rebecca Gets a Surprise

Rebecca slowly opened her eyes. She could see Marcy sitting on the chair across the room. As her mind began to reach for consciousness, she felt the dried cum on her face and the hardness of her nipples. She was cold, lying naked on the carpet, covered in dry cum and sweat.

"Was this your doing?" said Rebecca.

"I may have alerted Terrell to your new status," said Marcy, smiling broadly. 

"You did more than alert him, didn't you?"

"I knew Terrell has a big cock and that you are into that kind of thing. So, I told him to give you a go."

Rebecca smiled, getting herself up off the floor and standing in front of Marcy.

"I dare not sit on anything, said Rebecca. "I'm probably still leaking Terrell. He worked me over good, and I mean great. Yes, he's got a big cock, but he knows how to pound a girl, too."

"He's a bit of a regular with the Central Slut women on his route. Mary Kelly, Molly Anderson, and, now, I'm guessing you. I'm not on his route, so I've only seen him a couple of times."

"I think you can count me in as a new regular. I'm not normally around during the day, but I may need to coming home for lunch -- extra-large sausage."

"You'll find there's quite a variety among the men in Central," said Marcy. "Terrell is the largest I've seen, but there are all sizes, lengths and widths. Some men are also more aggressive than others, and some are going to want you to be more submissive than others."

"That sounds good to me," said Rebecca.

"That's why you're a slut," said Marcy, laughing.

Rebecca excused herself to go take a shower. While she liked the smell of men's cum on her body, she didn't know what the rest of the day held for her, so she thought she ought to clean up. As she reentered the living room with Marcy, she received a new text.

"Cum and enjoy the LSU football with Joe and Ashley Johnson, and Nick and Amanda Devers, 1534 Thibodeaux, sluts welcome, 3:30 pm."

"Is this more of you? Joe Johnson and Nick Devers?"

"Rather than give you an initiation party, I thought I'd give you an initiation day!" said Marcy.

Rebecca texted back that she would be there. She didn't have any other plans for today, and it turns out that Marcy had already made plans for her. She didn't know the Johnsons and the Devers very well, only from a distance.

"So, what's up with Joe and Nick?" said Rebecca.

"That's up to them," said Marcy. "I simply passed on the good news that you were a new Central Slut and that they might want to get to know you better."

"Fine," said Rebecca in mock disdain. "Anything else I should know about?"

"Nope."

Following some chores around the house, Rebecca was headed to the Johnson's for the LSU football game and what she assumed would be some adult entertainment. She could still feel the effects of Terrell's assault, but her mind was now moving toward Joe and Nick. 

"Hi, Rebecca," said Ashley Johnson opening the door.

"Hey Ashley. Hi, Amanda," said Rebecca, seeing Amanda standing behind Ashley. "How's it going?" 

Rebecca recognized the absurdity of these polite introductions. She was saying casual hello's to two women whose husbands would likely be fucking her in the next hour. 

"Good, thanks for coming over," said Ashley. "We're all glad you're here. Just so you know, Ashley and I know all about the Central Sluts, and while were not sluts ourselves, we approve of what you are doing and we like to watch."

"Ashley doesn't feel as strongly about this as I do," said Amanda, "but, I believe a woman's place is servicing men, that the woman should be subservient to men. So, I like to watch another woman get on her knees and service my man. I like to watch my man dominate another woman with his hard cock. So, I don't mind that you're here for my husband's pleasure."

"Thank you. I appreciate you letting me know you're okay with this. As you know, I'm a new slut and still learning the ropes," said Rebecca. "And, yes, I like getting on my knees for men, so that won't be a problem."
