 This story is a continuation of the characters and plots developed in the story "Rebecca Becomes a Party Girl," Chapters 1 and 2. This story will make more sense if you have read those chapters first. 

I. Rebecca and Karen Catch Up

It had been four days since Rebecca and Karen had sex with John, Frank, and Ron at John's house and she wanted and needed to talk to Karen. Rebecca was a bit afraid of how Karen might respond to being gangbanged after she had time to think about it. It was clear that Karen had enjoyed the experience; but, in the light of day, Karen may have begun to regret what she had done. Since she wasn't sure when she would see Karen next, she thought she would go ahead and give Karen a call.

"Hello, Karen, this is Rebecca."

"Hey girl, how are you doing? How are the boys? Did you end up going to their school play?"

Rebecca and Karen engaged in several minutes of friendly chitchat, before the topic of what happened at John's house was raised. Rebecca didn't want to force the issue, so she waited for Karen to bring it up.

"I guess we can't not mention John's house, eh?" said Karen.

"I guess not," said Rebecca laughing. 

Rebecca still wasn't sure how Karen was feeling about getting gangbanged. Karen had been pretty adamant that she was there only to suck cock and not fuck. Since she had already sucked Frank and Ron's cocks at an earlier party, Karen focused on sucking John's cock. Rebecca found herself getting wet just thinking about John's cock and how he pounded her pussy and gagged her on his cock at both his party and again at his house. She also remembered the look on Karen's face as John began to slide his big cock into her pussy.

"I still sometimes think that day was a dream," said Karen. "It started fairly innocently enough, with Ron mentioning to me that John had said that you were going over to his house to get fucked. Ron indicated that he was going to head over to John's just in case you were interested in fucking more than one guy and he asked if I wanted to come along. No problem, I thought; it might be fun!"

Rebecca listened intently as Karen was replaying the beginning of that day from her perspective. Rebecca was thinking that at the time Ron was asking Karen to tag along, she was probably already at John's house with her shirt off.

"I couldn't believe what I saw," said Karen laughing a bit nervously, "when Frank let Ron and I into John's house. There you were, in all your glory, laying across the ottoman with your legs high in the air and John fucking you like there was no tomorrow. It was amazing. I have to admit that deep down I was a bit jealous," said Karen, now laughing freely.

"I couldn't believe it was you," said Rebecca. "I was so in the middle of cumming hard and I never heard you and Ron knocking on the door. I was very confused by why Frank was going to the door. Once I saw that it was you and Ron I couldn't stop fucking. I just wanted John to pound me into submission, and he did!"

"You got that right. You were a wild woman. I couldn't believe how hard John was fucking you; that said, it was nice to get John's cock in my mouth. Watching him stuff his cock in your pussy I could easily see how large his cock was and I couldn't wait to suck on it. But that was all I was going to do!"

Rebecca knew that Karen had arrived that day without the intent of being fucked. But she also knew how persuasive John's cock could be and she wasn't surprised that Karen ended up giving in to John and letting him fuck her with his big cock.

"I really was just intending to suck on his cock," pleaded Karen laughingly. "I wasn't going to let him fuck me until you convinced me to get naked. Once I was naked and my pussy was extremely wet, I just couldn't say no. In the long run, I would have to say that I'm glad that I let John fuck me. I had no idea what it was like to be fucked by a cock that huge and by someone who knew how to use it."

"I know what you mean," said Rebecca. "I never had any intention of letting John fuck me either. I was at Mike's party and Jim was fucking my face when John walked in on us. Jim asked if I wanted to get fucked and I have to admit that by that point in the night I was extremely horny, so I said 'yes.' I had no idea what I was in store for. Over the next half hour John fucked me like I had never been fucked before and I was hooked on this cock!"

"Me too!"

"Me too, what?" asked Rebecca.

"I'm hooked on his cock. I wasn't going to tell you this, but I think you will more than understand. I called up John yesterday to see if he would fuck me again, it was like I was under his control. I'm happy to say that he fucked me all afternoon. My pussy is pretty sore at the moment."

"I'm completely jealous! Not to mention horny," said Rebecca laughing.

Just then Rebecca's "call waiting" clicked in. She had been waiting for a call from her doctor regarding some blood work so she begged Karen's forgiveness, hung up on Karen, and answered the phone.

II. From Mrs. C. to Rebecca

"Hello, this is Rebecca."

"Hi Mrs. C. This is Richard Case from the high school. I was in your class a few years back"

Rebecca remembered Richard from teaching him in high school about three or four years ago. He was a nice boy, she remembered, attentive to detail and bright. From what she could remember he enrolled at the local college. But, she had no idea why he was calling.

"Yes, I remember you, Richard. What can I do for you?"

"I need to meet with you. I need your help."

"What about?" asked Rebecca.

"It's pretty personal and I need to talk to you in person. Would you be able to stop by my place tomorrow? I could really use your help."

"I'd be happy to help if I can."

Rebecca could tell that Richard was nervous and she wondered what type of trouble he was in. She was always there to help her students whenever she could, so she agreed to meet Richard and he provided her with the address. She would stop by and see him on her way to lunch tomorrow. She had a scheduled lunch with a couple of her girlfriends and figured she could swing by to talk to Richard beforehand.

The next day Rebecca pulled into Richard's driveway. She looked at the house and it seemed well kept and was in a nice part of the neighborhood. She wondered if Richard lived here alone or if he had roommates. Since she knew Richard was still in college, she figured he probably lived with roommates. Rebecca knocked on the front door and Richard let her in.

"What's going on, Richard? You sounded a bit anxious on the phone. Is everything ok?"

"Well, I need to show you something that I'm not quite sure what to do with yet," said Richard. "It's a bit shocking." 

Rebecca was concerned and intrigued. What was Richard going to show her, and, why her? Rebecca hadn't seen Richard since he graduated. Richard was looking healthy, fit and trim, she thought, and a bit taller than her 6'2" frame. 

"Come on over here to my flat screen," he said, walking into the living room and picking up the remote control. "I have a few stills I want to show you and then a couple of videos. I'm just not sure what to do with them."

Rebecca still had no idea why she was at Richard's and what it was that he wanted to show her. Richard still seemed a little nervous, but she didn't get the sense that he was fearful or in danger. As she followed him into the living room she noticed that he had turned into a nice-looking man. As she looked around the living room she also noticed that the house was well kept; this wasn't the home of a series of frat boys partying every night. If Richard had roommates, Rebecca mused, they were all probably responsible and studious.

"I took these pictures and these videos a few days ago. During the summer, since I am not in school, I make money by taking care of several people's swimming pools. One of the pools I take care of is John Saunders'."

Richard was now looking at Rebecca somewhat intently and expectedly, and she could see in his eyes that he was looking to see if Rebecca understood. She did not, she thought -- at least not yet. Why was his working on other people's pools so important? And, why did he mention John's pool specifically?

"When did you take these pictures and movies?" asked Rebecca.

"Four days ago, when I stopped by Mr. Saunders' house to clean his pool."

Rebecca began to stare at Richard as a knot began to form in her stomach. She could feel herself almost blushing. Was this going where she thought it might be going? Could it be a coincidence that Richard took pictures and video at John's house the same day she was gangbanged there? This couldn't be, she thought. She suddenly felt as if she had been caught stealing.

Richard, with a small little smile on his face, pressed a button on the remote control and Rebecca saw a picture of herself being fucked by John. As the next picture filled the screen, Rebecca could see that not only did she have John's cock in her pussy, she also had Frank's cock down her throat while she was stretched across the ottoman. In the third picture, John's cock was almost fully visible as he was, no doubt she thought, preparing to pound Rebecca's pussy again.

"What? You were there? Why? What?" Rebecca had yet to get her head around what was occurring and with her thoughts malformed she was unable to express any coherency. She could see herself on the screen getting fucked and she was sure that Richard had taken the pictures, but she wasn't sure what to do next.

"Wait, there's more." Rebecca turned to Richard as he spoke and she could see Richard wearing the same small smile he had when the show began. She still wasn't processing the scene well and she wasn't sure what all of this meant. But, before she had an opportunity to collect her thoughts Richard pressed another button on the remote control.

"John, you are fucking amazing. Oh my god. That's it. That's it! Fuck my pussy. Use me, John. Just fuck the shit out of me. Slam your cock into my pussy! Come on! Come on! Arggghh!"

Rebecca could see and hear herself on the TV getting pounded by John's cock. She had never seen herself gets fucked before and she could feel her body responding.

"Jesus, I love your big cock, John. You're going to make me come, aren't you John. You're going to force me to cum, aren't you?"

Rebecca couldn't move as she was staring at the screen watching herself get fucked. John was really pounding her in the video and she could feel her pussy getting wet. What was she doing? Rebecca suddenly snapped back into reality. She realized she was sitting next to Richard, a 20-year-old college student, watching herself get pounded by John. She could also feel her body responding to it as she was watching. She turned towards Richard and saw his little smile, but he had yet to say anything. What does he want? Why is she here? Her attention was then drawn back to the TV.

"Yes! Fuck me! Shit. I love getting fucked. I love it when men use me, when they fuck me hard. Yes, I like being known as a good girl, but also knowing that sometimes I am in a room with men that have fucked me hard and no one knows, but me and them. Fuck me hard, John, fuck me hard!"

Rebecca was now fully engrossed in watching herself get fucked by John's big cock. Watching herself get fucked was really having an influence on her body--she was horny and her pussy was getting extremely wet. She could tell that Richard had gotten up from the couch but she wasn't paying attention. The scene had changed and she could see herself walking to the middle of John's living room and getting on all fours.

"Please, double-team me. I want the two of you to take me. Would you?"

Rebecca could remember the excitement she felt getting on all fours in front of Ron and Frank. She remembered the excitement she felt and how she knew she was being a wanton slut. She couldn't have said, "I want you to fuck me" any better if she had yelled it at them. She hadn't remembered pleading with Ron and Frank to double-team her, but there she was on the TV asking just that.

Rebecca's preoccupation with watching herself on the TV was broken when Richard stepped in front of her without his pants and with his cock quickly hardening.

"What are you doing?" asked Rebecca somewhat frantically.

"Suck on my cock," said Richard.

"What?" Rebecca definitely wasn't thinking clearly.

Rebecca could see Richard take a step toward her. His now hard cock was only a few inches away from her face.

"Go ahead. Suck on my cock. I know you like it. I know you like to suck cock."

"But I can't. You were one of my students. You're what, half my age? You're still in college," Rebecca pleaded with her mind racing in several directions at once.

Rebecca watched as Richard took another step forward and when his cock reached her face she opened her lips slowly and let his cock slide into her mouth. She could feel Richard move his cock in and out of her mouth a couple of times before her mind finally caught up. What was she doing, thought Rebecca? A few short years ago she had Richard in her class, now she has his cock in her mouth. She came over to Richard's to help them with what she thought was a problem, but it turns out that his problem is that he has videos of her getting gangbanged and he wants her to suck his cock. 

Rebecca noticed that Richard was no longer sliding his cock into her mouth, but rather, she had started bobbing her head on his cock. She was now giving him a full-scale blow job. What was she doing? She had to admit that his cock felt great sliding into her mouth, but she shouldn't be doing this!

"Mrs. C., that's great! I can't believe you are sucking my cock. You really know how to suck cock good!"

Rebecca couldn't believe she was sucking his cock either. Her natural instincts to suck cock had taken over and she was really working his cock over. His cock was a nice size, she thought, but not huge. She was easily deep throating Richard, enjoying the feeling of his hard cock down her throat.

"Oh my God, this is awesome. Suck my cock. That's it, take all of my cock. Fucking amazing!"

Rebecca was still sitting on the couch sucking Richard's cock, but the position was a bit awkward. So she slid off the front of the couch and onto her knees to get a better angle at sucking Richard's cock. While she knew she shouldn't be doing this, she was really enjoying herself.

"I shouldn't be doing this," she said to Richard, as she pulled his cock from her mouth. "I had you in class. You're too young."

Rebecca could feel Richard's hand on the back of her head, pulling her forward and onto his cock again. She opened her mouth without hesitation and began to suck his cock. The feeling of his cock sliding across her lips and into her mouth was pure pleasure. She could feel her nipples were hard and her pussy was very wet. As she masterfully sucked his cock she could feel his hips started to thrust into her. He wasn't yet fucking her face, but he was definitely into the action.

"I can't believe this. This is almost a dream. I remember lusting after you in class, fantasizing about having you suck my cock while I was supposed to be reading. I remember staring at your big tits during class, trying to look down your shirt whenever I would turn in an assignment. On many occasions I would get a hard-on watching you write on the board, you're ass wiggling as you wrote."

Rebecca couldn't believe what she was hearing. While she knew that high school boys were incredibly horny, she never envisioned them fantasizing about her. She found Richard's recounting of his fantasies and daydreams to be exceptionally exciting. She especially liked knowing that she could get them hard just by wiggling her ass or showing her tits. For some reason, with his cock in her mouth, she thought about whether or not she was showing her tits now. She realized she was wearing a black and pink top with a scoop neck that had a tie at the bottom of the scoop and several buttons. She knew that Richard could see some cleavage while he stood above her feeding her his cock. But suddenly she wanted more. So while she continued to bob her head on his cock, she undid the tie and several buttons. Her shirt was now open all the way below her tits and she was sure that he could now see her black bra and the entirety of her cleavage formed by her large 36 D tits. She liked that, she thought. She liked turning-on Richard and being a little slutty in front of him. What the hell, she thought, I'm already sucking his cock; he should probably have a nice look at her tits.

Richard seemed to figure this out too. "That's it, Mrs. C. Show me your tits. I've waited so long to see them. Take your shirt off and show me your tits."

In what could only be described as a major coincidence, at that very moment she could hear herself on the TV extolling Karen to show John her tits.

"At least take off your shirt and show him your tits." She heard herself say. "He has been nice enough to stuff your mouth with his huge cock, I think that's the least you could do!"

The coincidence was too much for her and her pussy was too wet, so she pulled Richard's cock from her mouth, leaned back, and pulled off her shirt. Richard could now fully see her tits in her black bra. As Rebecca began to lean forward to suck on Richard's cock again, she heard him speak.

"That's awesome, but show me your tits. Several times I could see your bra in class, either as you leaned over or I stood over you at your desk. I want to see your tits now."

Rebecca couldn't believe this. She was on her knees sucking Richard's cock, a young college boy, and he was all but demanding that she take off her bra and show him her tits. That said, she didn't think she could stop now, with her nipples hard and her pussy wet. As she reached behind her to unclasp her bra, she realized that Richard was not only about to see all of her tits, but he was also about to see how hard her nipples were.

"Wow! You have great tits. I've always wanted to see your tits, Mrs. C."

Rebecca, now naked from the waist up, leaned forward to take Richard's hard cock back into her mouth. As she leaned forward she could feel Richard begin to fondle her tits. She could feel him holding her big tits in his hands and begin to roll her nipples across his fingers. This was driving her crazy. She liked having her nipples played with and Richard was doing a nice job. She began to suck his cock even harder and with even more zeal as Richard continued to play with her tits and nipples. She could hear herself moaning now.

"Your cock sucking feels really good, Mrs. C. You are an awesome cock sucker. I'm sure all of the boys in class would've liked to have known that! You were a very popular teacher, but you would have been even more popular if everyone had known what a cock sucker you were."

Rebecca could hear Richard laugh a little bit and she began to smile. He was right, she thought. If the boys in class knew what a good cock sucker she was she was sure they would have liked her even more! That said, she wondered how many of the boys in class were having their cocks sucked by one or more of the girls in class. Then, for some odd reason, she thought about whether or not any of the boys were having their cocks sucked by one of the teachers. She knew this was not uncommon in college, but she wondered if it also happened in high school. She had heard that the previous athletic director had gotten into trouble for fucking one of the senior girls. All of these thoughts of sucking and fucking, and Richard telling her how popular she would have been had the boys known she could suck cock so well, had gotten her incredibly horny.

Rebecca was impressed at how hard Richard's cock was and that he had yet to come for her. She had been sucking his cock for at least 15 or 20 minutes.
