 This story is a continuation of the characters and plots developed in the story "Rebecca Becomes a Party Girl," Chapters 1 through 5 (under username edisonCaroline). This story will make more sense if you have read those chapters first.

*****

I. Rebecca's Old Acquaintances Become New Friends

Rebecca continued to think about Colleen's video while she played with her pussy. She wasn't working toward an orgasm, but rather, edging herself at a low boil. The thought of serving and servicing one or more men was occupying her thoughts and she wanted someone to fuck her.

"Hello, Rebecca."

Rebecca was roused out of her erotic daydreaming by a new voice and three men who stood across the table from her. As Rebecca looked up, she continued to stroke her pussy, her actions hidden under the table. As she looked at the men she realized that she knew two of them.

"Hello, Adam," replied Rebecca. "What are you doing here?" Adam was a man who had asked her out a year or so ago, and to whom she had said 'no.' She did not typically say 'no' to men - her mother had taught her in high school that it was very difficult for a boy to ask a girl out, so she should say 'yes,' even if it was only one date - but Adam just oozed too much sleaziness for her. Rebecca also recognized another of the men, Mark. That was unfortunate, she thought. Mark had not asked her out, but he did indicate that he wanted to fuck her in the ass at a friend's wedding reception. He had assured her that he was good at it and that she would enjoy it immensely. She said 'no' to him as well. The third man she did not know. 

"A friend of mine is in the firm that is hosting this reception, Austin here," said Adam, motioning toward the third man." A couple of hours ago he sent me a video of a beautiful woman who was sucking a man's cock in the men's room who happened to mention that she was from Central. Austin knew that I was from Central and so he sent me the video to see if I knew the woman."

Rebecca knew where this was headed. She was surprised at how quickly that video traveled. She was wondering if she might regret saying what she said:

"Hi everyone, this is Rebecca, from Central. Some of you may already know me. I've lived in Central all my life. What you don't know is that I can be a dumb slut who craves cock. I love to suck men's cocks. I've loved sucking cock since my Central High School days when I first sucked my boyfriend Ricky's big cock. Since then I've suck off several men from Central - Tommy, Clint, Mike, Aaron, Stephen, and others, you know who you are! - but said 'no' to many more. Now's your chance! If you want me to suck your cock, I will, but, you have to tell me to suck your cock - don't ask me, tell me! 'Rebecca, get on your knees and suck my cock.' If you've ever wondered what it would be like, or fantasized about me, now's your chance."

Rebecca continued to look at Adam, figuring the next move was his. If he had seen video, or maybe videos, and she was guessing that he had, he would know what he should do next. She could really use a good solid fucking right now, after having watched Colleen learn to be a bitch for men, but giving in to Adam and Mark would not be her first choice. They were both nasty men and, basically, assholes. 

"Who knew that that beautiful woman sucking cock in the men's room was going to be Miss high-and-mighty, prissy, stuck-up Rebecca," said Adam. "Turns out she's just another white-trash cocksucker." Adam laughed, looking at the other two men. 

Rebecca did not like him. It takes a lot for her not to like someone, but he was making it easy for her. She was right to turn him away the first time. 

"And, you know what? Now you're going to suck our cocks. I believe the exact phrase you used was, 'don't ask me, tell me.' So, Rebecca dear, we are telling you to suck our cocks!"

Rebecca knew she was caught in a bind of her own making. She had indeed promised in the video to suck off men from Central's cocks if they told her. She loves that idea, but not with assholes like Adam and Mark. She loves men she only knows casually asking her to kneel down for them, or old boyfriends, or even strangers who have masturbated to one of her videos recognizing her and demanding a blowjob. But, she knows what jackasses Adam and Mark are, yet she also does not want to ever go back on her word, to ever not fulfill a promise. Damn, she thought, she really did not want to suck their cocks. 

"There's a hotel lounge on the second floor," Rebecca said. She hated that she would have to go through with this, but she simply could not go back on her word. She said in the video she would suck the cock of any man from Central who told her to do so, and Adam and company had just ordered her. She would have to suck their cocks. She definitely was not happy about it. "The lounge is fairly secluded." Rebecca did not want to be see with Adam or Mark.

"Awesome," replied Mark. "Austin, Rebecca here blew off both Adam and I when we approached her last year. Now, she's simply going to blow us. Isn't that right, Rebecca?"

"That's right," said Rebecca, begrudgingly. "Everyone gets a blow job." She wanted to cuss. She did not want to give to Mark, but she could not think of a way out, other than not to fulfill her promise. As they turned the corner into the lounge, Rebecca noticed the long lounge, with windows all along one side and several groups or clusters of couches, chairs, and coffee tables. Mark and Austin removed the coffee tables from one area, leaving the couches and chairs with an area open between them.

"Okay, Rebecca dear," said Adam. "Time to get on your knees and suck my cock."

Rebecca did as she was told. In the middle of the couches and chairs she got on her knees and when Adam approached her she undid his pants. As she pulled his pants and underwear to the floor she came face-to-face with a large and growing cock. Damn, Adam has a large and fat cock. She knew she had a weakness for large cocks and there was nothing about Adam she wanted to like. She began to stroke it and it continued to grow.

"Mark," said Adam. "Get out your phone and take some pictures or video. I want to capture the perfect Rebecca giving in and sucking my cock for all to see. I knew someday I'd get you to suck my cock, seems like that day has arrived."

The last thing Rebecca wanted was enduring proof of her servicing Adam and Mark. She was sure that they would share the pictures or video far and wide, bragging. She didn't want to be associated with them and she certainly didn't want others to know that she had somehow given in to them. But, again, she didn't see any way out.

Rebecca began to work Adams cock into her mouth. She licked and sucked on his head and then his shaft, before taking him deep into her mouth. As she began to move up and down on his cock she could see Mark to the side taking pictures. She looked straight at his phone, pausing both when she had just his head in her mouth and when she was deep throating him. His cock felt good in her mouth, and even though she did not want to suck him, she did want the pictures to look good. She wanted whoever saw the pictures to wish it was there cock in her mouth.

"Holy shit," said Adam. "For a stuck-up bitch, you are one good cocksucker. I've had a lot of women suck my cock, but you are by far the best. You must get a lot of practice."

Rebecca was not sure she liked being called a bitch, but she did love him complementing her blow job, and while she had sucked a lot of cock lately, she could never get enough practice, she thought. She always wanted to please whoever she was with and wanted a reputation among men of giving great blow jobs and being a great fuck. She was pretty sure that that was her reputation among several men in the Central area, and she was sure that if Adam and Mark liked her, they would spread that reputation even more. While she did not want to suck their cocks, if she had to, she at least wanted them to enjoy themselves and speak highly of her talents. After several more minutes of pleasing Adam, she heard Mark speak up.

"Okay, Adam," said Mark. "It's time for the perfect one to suck my cock."

Rebecca did not think she deserved being called a perfect, stuck up, or high-and-mighty. She always wanted to be a good person and do the right thing, but she did not think she put on airs. As she looked to Adam, she could see he was already prepared, no pants and a hard cock.

As she looked up at him, she could feel him rubbing his cock across her face. She liked it when men did this, both sexy and degrading. It was clear that from the man's perspective, he was demonstrating his superiority over her and that she was subservient to him. She freely admitted that she liked being subservient to men and that she liked what Mark was doing to her. It surprised her that she could feel her pussy getting wet. She was trying to resist liking their affronts to her, but in her current wanton and submissive state, she found herself drawn to their indignities. 

"Are you going to worship my cock?" asked Mark.

Rebecca did not respond. She did not want of knowing that she was enjoying their cocks. She was, what she was not going to tell them.

"Be s slut, Rebecca."

Rebecca knew what Mark wanted and in her acquiescence she intended to give it to him. She took his hard cock and swallowed it all to the base, in one penetration, pressing her face against his body. She then withdrew his cock, wet with her saliva, and rubbed it across her face. She spent time licking his balls with his hard cock resting on her face. She was not going to tell him that she was his slut, but she could not help herself from actually being his slut. She could tell that her pussy had given in to Adam and Mark's cocks. She still did not like either one of them, they were both creeps, but she did like their cocks.

"That's it, Rebecca. If only the ladies in the church office could see you now."

Rebecca found her pussy responding. What would the ladies of the church think of her? Would they be revolted, or would they wish they were her? Did anyone at the church know her promiscuous side? She had found over the years that prim and proper ladies in public, could be quite slutty in private. She knew firsthand and smiled at herself.

As her arousal increased, she continued to work Mark's cock in and out of her mouth. She could hear his moans and that pleased and encouraged her. She knew it would be Austin's turn soon, and she was looking forward to that as well. Pleasing three cocks in a row made her happy. 

"Let Austin have his turn with Rebecca," said Adam. "As she said, 'everyone gets a blow job.'"

Rebecca looked over at Austin and saw that he was naked and holding his phone. He did not approach her as Mark and Adam had done, but instead, stayed a few paces away from her. Something was different.

"Standup, Rebecca," said Austin.

Rebecca did as she was told, and stood up, standing between all of the men. While she had negative feelings toward Adam and Mark, she had no such problem with Austin.

"Take off your dress, Rebecca," said Austin.

Rebecca smiled. She knew when she had told the men of Central, in her video, that if they told her to suck their cock, she would, what she really meant, but did not say, was that she would do whatever they told her to do - suck their cocks, get naked, or get fucked. She was thinking maybe Austin had figured this out. Rebecca took off her dress, setting it on the couch, and stood in her bra and underwear in the midst of the three men. She was self-conscious but incredibly aroused. She could hear Adam and Mark responding with lewd comments about her ass and tits, but she was focused on Austin, as he took several pictures of her.

Rebecca stood in front of Austin, while he took more pictures. She then watched him typing a message on his phone. Probably sending a text to his friends about how she was going to suck his cock, she thought. He finally stepped forward and showed her what he was typing:

"To all men from Central at the reception. We are in the second-floor lounge and are about to gang bang Rebecca, Austin."

"Hit 'Send'," said Austin.

Austin seemed to know what she was thinking, thought Rebecca. She had become hot from watching Colleen's submission on video and was now completely lust-ridden after sucking Adam and Mark's cocks. She absolutely needed to be fucked. Her body would welcome the men's attention and she was sure that the men would love to fuck her. If she sent the email it would invite others to join them.

Rebecca reached out and hit the 'send' button. She saw Austin wink and that made her happy. She knew she was in for some serious pounding and humiliation, and she was looking forward to it. She realized that she would be letting the hound dogs, Adam and Mark, finally get what they wanted, her pussy and ass, but while that thought made her nauseous, it also made her incredibly excited, that two men who had lusted after her and been rejected by her, were, in the end, going to get their chance at sliding their hard cocks into her.

"Take off your bra and underwear," said Austin.

She reached behind and unhooked her bra, letting her tits fall free. She liked her tits and was happy to show them to men, as they really seem to enjoy them. Rebecca then reached down and slid her underwear to the floor. She was now completely naked in front of Adam and Mark and Austin, and her pussy was on fire.

"What do you need, Rebecca?" said Austin.

Austin seemed to know her too well. "I need cock," said Rebecca. "I need cock in my mouth. I need cock deep in my pussy." And, then after a pause, she confessed, "I need cock in my ass." She remembered her last interaction with Adam and that he loved fucking women in the ass. He was a creep, she thought, but because she knew he wanted it, she wanted to give him her ass.

"Are you ready?" asked Austin.

After watching Colleen, Rebecca was really just looking for a good fuck; but, it now looked like she was going to be gang banged instead. A year ago, she had never been the center of several men's sexual attention; but, what a year it had been. She had now let herself be gang banged multiple times. She loved cock.

"Yes. I want you to treat me like a slut, a bitch." Rebecca was too full of raw lost to worry about what they called her. That they wanted her to be their slut, then she was happy to be so.

"Get on all fours," said Austin.

Rebecca knelt and then got on all fours on the carpet in the middle of the chairs and couches. She felt like vulnerable, naked and on display for the three men, assuming a position that let them know that she was there to be used as their sexual object. Her pussy was incredibly wet. She wanted to be fucked, badly.

"Someone, fuck me, please" said Rebecca, looking over her shoulder at the men. 

"So, who's going to fuck Rebecca first?" asked Mark.

Rebecca found it humiliating that she was on all fours waiting to be fucked while the men discussed who was first. It was finally decided that Adam had approached her initially, so he should be the first to fuck her. Rebecca was both happy and disturbed, she knew that Adam had the biggest cock of the group and she wanted to be taken by a big cock, she just wished it wasn't Adam's.

She watched as Adam walked behind her and knelt down, his cock at full attention and pointing at her wet pussy.

"I've been waiting a long time to fuck you, Rebecca," said Adam. "And, now here you are, spreading your legs for my big cock. Beg me to fuck you."

"Shut up and fuck me, creep," said Rebecca. Before she could say anymore, Rebecca felt Adam drill her wet pussy with his cock and begin to pound her.

"Fuuuuck," yelled Rebecca. She was taken by surprise and her body responded with an almost immediate orgasm. "Fuck my pussy, you bastard. Hate fuck me." Rebecca could not believe how her body was shaking. "I love big cock."

"She's fucking coming already," she heard Mark say. "What a slut?"

"You heard the lady," said Adam. "She's a slut for big cock."

Rebecca was embarrassed how fast she came when Adam entered her. She had never been that easy. All the edging from watching Colleen's video. Her shaking continued, as did her orgasm.

"Rebecca's an easy slut for your cocks." Rebecca wished she did not become so talkative when she had an orgasm, but she could not help it. Before she could say anything else, she felt Mark sliding his cock into her mouth and down her throat. She moaned loudly with his cock in her mouth.

"High-five, brother," she heard Adam say. "It took a while, but here we are, spit roasting Rebecca, while she begs to be fucked - showing what a true slut she is. I always knew she couldn't be the goody two shoes she pretended. No one with a rack like that, can avoid getting fucked by men."

As Rebecca heard Adam and Mark high-fiving over her naked body, she knew Adam was right. Her big, curvy tits had always attracted a lot of male attention, from high school onward. Over the years, she had mostly deflected the attention, but even when she dated, men always loved it when she gave them access to her tits. Now that she was quite a bit easier, her tits got her fucked a lot. She knew that if she showed men some cleavage, she would get some cock, and on several occasions, she did just that.

She was finally getting what she wanted, thought Rebecca. Since she had watched Colleen's video, she had wanted to be fucked. Now, she was on all fours, with a cock in her pussy and a cock her mouth. She could feel herself being pushed back and forth between their cocks, and she worked to help out. She wanted them to use her.

"Time to switch," said Austin, and Rebecca felt both Adam and Mark withdraw from her body. She was disappointed, but knew there was more to come.

"You're going to love fucking Rebecca, Austin," said Adam. "She is a good fuck. She fucks back. She likes getting fucked."

She "loves" getting fucked, thought Rebecca. Since she first started fucking in high school, she took to it immediately. She even let one of her college professors fuck her. That year, he fucked her almost every day, and she loved it. That said, everything took a different turn when she agreed to be gang banged.

"What a pussy," said Austin. "This pussy was made for pounding."

Yes, it was, thought Rebecca. Rebecca could feel Austin grab her by the hips and begin to pound her pussy with his big cock. He was taking full strokes and bottoming out with every thrust. She loved the sound and the feeling of his hips colliding with her ass. 

Rebecca looked over her shoulder at Austin. When she turned back forward, she found Adam's big cock waiting for her mouth. She devoured it. Taking on two big cocks at once she felt another orgasm looming. As Austin and Adam pushed her body back and forth on their cocks, she also saw Mark taking pictures and video with his phone. She was glad that her submission and humiliation was being recorded. She looked forward to men seeing her like this. 

Rebecca knew that she had broken into a fuck sweat. She loved the feeling of a man making her a sweaty mess. Adam, Mark, and Austin were doing a fine job of turning her sweaty. She could feel the sweat on her face, on her back, and on her tits. She closed her eyes, enjoying the fucking that both her pussy and mouth were receiving.

"First load of the night," yelled Adam. 

Rebecca heard the other men cheer as she increased her pace sucking on Adam. She wanted his first load down her throat and she wanted to taste him.

"Swallow my load, Rebecca," said Adam.

Gladly. She loved swallowing men's cum. She started taking Adam in long strokes, from the tip of his cock to the base. She could feel him tense up and knew she was about to get a mouthful of cum. Two strokes later, her mouth began to fill up. She sucked and she swallowed as quickly as she could, not wanting to let any cum escape from her mouth. 
