 This story is a continuation of the characters and plots developed in the story "Rebecca Becomes a Party Girl," Chapters 1 through 4. This story will make more sense if you have read those chapters first.

*****

I. Rebecca Starts a Movement

Rebecca was walking back to the ballroom of the firm's reception with Karen and Jordan, thinking about how the three of them had just given in to three men of the firm and had some rather raucous sex, which she completely enjoyed. As they entered the ballroom she was trying to wrap her head around the idea that something she said - "For tonight, submit to the men of the firm. They deserve to fuck us and fuck our faces. Do it because Rebecca said to!" - had somehow become a major theme of the reception. And, the very idea that this theme had become a hashtag, #RebeccaSaidTo, made absolutely no sense to her. She wasn't really a heavy technology user, so the idea of hashtags was fairly foreign to her.

"You two should really see some of the videos that are being posted in Rebecca's name," said Karen as the three women sat down at a nearby table.

Rebecca shook her head in continued disbelief, but like Jordan, she leaned in towards Karen to see what was on her phone. Karen was flipping through thumbnails of various videos looking for one to play. Before finding a video, however, four men approached the table. Rebecca assumed they were from the firm - they looked like lawyers.

"Hello ladies," said the man on the left. All four of the men smiled.

"We're here for Jordan." The man on the left was now directing his gaze at Jordan. "We're here to continue your slut training. You made a request earlier that we plan on fulfilling."

The men had an air of confidence about them and Rebecca always admired that, as long as the confidence didn't bleed over into arrogance. In this case, the men seem self-assured and friendly, but not assholes.

"I don't know," said Jordan. "I'm here with my friends."

"Sluts don't say 'no,'" said Rebecca looking at Jordan with a smile. Rebecca understood that Jordan might be a bit uncertain, being approached by men who are requesting sex. But she did ask for this and if she truly wants to be a slut, she would have to learn to give into more men's advances, even when it might be awkward, or embarrassing, or just unknown.

"Then, I guess it's 'yes.' I don't want to go back on my word. I hear that's not lady-like." Jordan winked at Rebecca. "So, please, make me your slut." Rebecca knew that not going back on one's word can sometimes get one into trouble, or at least sexual indiscretions. She knew it had led her into compromising positions more than once; although, for the most part, she did enjoy those situations.

As Jordan got up from the table, straightening her dress, Rebecca spoke up. "Make sure she's a #videoslut, we want to see how you use her. Don't let her library look fool you!" Jordan gave Rebecca a faux look of being insulted.

"You can count on that! Everything caught on video and shared with the world." 

Rebecca and Karen watched Jordan walk away with the strangers. As they did, Karen began to search for a new #videoslut video, especially a #RebeccaSaidTo video. "How about, 'Bosses Thank Rebecca'?" Karen wasn't waiting for a reply. She was already starting the video. "It looks like most of these videos are about 10 minutes long, video clips put together so we can see parts of the action from beginning to end. Ain't technology great!"

Rebecca did like social media, but she never imagined she'd be in the middle of it.

II. Bosses Thank Rebecca

"There's no way I should be here. I came to the reception tonight with my boyfriend, but I told him to go home without me so I could spend some time with my girlfriends. That was a lie." Rebecca watched as the woman speaking stood in front of what Rebecca was sure was a man holding a phone. By the looks of it, she was in a distant hallway of the hotel, not a hotel room, and there were stylish stairs in the background.

"I've been at the firm a couple of years and I knew the reception was known for hanky-panky, but I certainly wasn't planning on participating. But then my three bosses showed me parts of the video with Rebecca and her friends submitting to those men from the firm. I have to admit, that got me going. But then Rebecca said that the women of the firm should give in to the men of the firm, and that those of us who have bosses should let our bosses have us."

On the screen, some man to the left of the camera phone reached out and unzipped the woman's dress halfway down. It was clear at that point how shapely the woman was and that she was not wearing a bra.

"There was no way that was going to happen! I don't sleep around. But my bosses kept at me tonight, telling me I should listen to Rebecca, and that Rebecca said, 'they deserve to fuck us.' For some reason, 'they deserve to fuck us' made sense to me. I've been putting off their advances since I arrived at the firm, although their advances tended to be much more subtle than tonight! I don't believe in sleeping with the boss and I'm sure I'm only half their ages!" 

The mystery hands reached out again and this time the zipper made it to the bottom of the dress. The dress hung open, though not fully; her breasts and her black thong underwear were apparent but not in full view.

"What led me finally to give in was Rebecca saying this was for one night only. At the urging of my bosses I decided to follow Rebecca's advice and for one night only I'm going to allow my bosses to use me in pretty much any way they want. I've never done this before, anything like this."

Rebecca and Karen then watched two men peel off her dress, while she smiled and laughed with them. The video then jumped to a scene of the woman on her knees, still wearing her thong, but with a full mouth of cock. Rebecca was enjoying watching the woman sliding her mouth up and down the full and impressive length of the man while maintaining eye contact. She likes sucking cock, Rebecca thought. After a minute or so the camera pulled back as a well-built black man with a very impressive physique stepped forward.

"I've never been with a black man before," said the woman on her knees.

"Then it's about time. You were made for black dick." Rebecca remembered when that was said to her for the first time and she wondered if all black men say that to white women they want to fuck. She liked hearing it at the time, she still likes hearing it. That first time she not only sucked the black man, but she let him fuck her good. 

"You ready?"

"For one night only," she said. "I'm open to pretty much anything. Yes, I'm ready for my first black dick."

"One night only, eh? Black dick can be addictive!"

"We'll see," she said. The woman was now giving his black dick her full attention and he was obviously enjoying it. Rebecca was getting extremely horny remembering her experiences with black men - first giving in, then enjoying, and finally seeking them out. Rebecca continued to watch as the woman struggled to get all of the man into her mouth. This might be her first, but she wasn't afraid and was working hard to please the man, and his long and wide cock. Rebecca remembered the feeling and she smiled.

"You're going to wish you gave in earlier and let us use you and your body for our pleasure."

"Maybe," the woman said removing the large cock from her mouth. "You guys have big dicks and they stay really hard. I love sucking them."

The video cut again to a new scene. "Rrrr...Rrrr...Rrrr..." was all the woman could muster as she was being fucked hard from behind, while simultaneously deeply sucking a second man, while naked on all fours.

"Your pussy feels so damn good, Debbie. Nothing like young, tight, and beautiful pussy!" Rebecca started to slide her hand under her dress as she watched Debbie being double teamed.

"Yes! Fuck me with your man dicks."

"It's about time, as our executive assistant, that you really started serving us! Are you enjoying this Debbie?"

"Holy shit, yes! My whole body is on edge. I've never been with more than one man at a time, and this is fantastic. I'm loving being fucked and sucking at the same time. It's so dirty! I'm like one of those girls in a porn movie."

"So then, you'll want more of this, won't you?" said the man pummeling her pussy.

"Maybe," said Debbie with her hair rocking to the fucking. "This might give me a reputation I don't want. I don't want to be known as a whore."

"Reputation?" The voice was coming from the man behind the camera. "We're going to share this video on the reception website. Everyone in the firm is going to know that you ditched your boyfriend to be fucked by your bosses. You'll be a #videoslut by the end of the day. I think we could say that your reputation is going to change."

"No way! You never said you were going to share this video. I thought it was just for you. Please don't. I don't know how I'll explain it to my boyfriend."

"Debbie, I don't think there's any way to explain this. You wanted to get fucked and be dirty, and you gave in to our advances. You let us strip you naked, you got down on your knees and sucked our cocks, and now your letting us fuck your young pussy. All with a smile on your face. This is who you are/ You can't undo this. Also, it wouldn't be good for the bosses not to share their videos if everyone else is." The man then pulled out of Debbie's pussy. "And, I'm sure there are a lot of men who will enjoy watching you get fucked and sucking on cocks. So, all video gets posted."

"Damn, I knew I shouldn't do this. But you all talked me into it. Now I'm going to be all over the web. My boyfriend will see this, my girlfriends, everyone at the firm. Everyone is going to see me sucking your cocks. I used to have such a good reputation!"

As Debbie was talking, she was also watching as the black man walked behind her and knelt down. Rebecca knew that she was considering what was about to happen; she was about to be fucked hard by a black man. The black man was still holding the camera when he said, "tell everyone what's about to happen."

"Seriously?" Rebecca noticed that the black man didn't say anything, he just kept pointing the camera at Debbie. "I am about to get fucked by my first black dick. He's one of my bosses and he's got a big hard dick. I wasn't planning on this being on video, but here it is. Debbie from accounting taking her first black dick.""

"White women love a good black dick. You ready?" Rebecca knew he was right; white women do love a good black dick. She knew she did! At this point, she had been fucked by several black men. She also wondered if Karen or Jordan would join her. She wasn't sure about Karen, but she was pretty sure Jordan would go black.

"Yes, give me some black dick," was all that Debbie could say as she turned away and began to suck on the cock in front of her.

Rebecca was now running her fingers across her own pussy, rubbing her clit, as she watched the black man working himself slowly into Debbie's pussy. Rebecca was appreciating his thick and long cock as Debbie let out her first moan.

"Just the beginning, Debbie," said the black man. "You're going to love yourself some black dick. You're going to want more." Rebecca could see that he was now working about 7 inches in and out of Debbie's pussy.

"Maybe, maybe..."

At that moment, the black man shoved his full hard cock all the way into Debbie. Grabbing her by the hips he began to pick up the pace, his hips slapping into her ass, making quite a bit of noise Rebecca noticed.

"Fuck!" Debbie yelled. "Ahh! Fuck me! So much dick. Fuck."

"You like this, Debbie?"

"Yes. Biggest dick ever. So good; so fucking good. Fuck me hard. Fuck me, boss." Rebecca liked that Debbie was now being pounded by the man's big cock. She knew that Debbie would soon lose her bearing and would agree to anything, as long as he kept her fucking her. Rebecca knew how a big black cock could confuse the mind.

"You like getting fucked by the boss?"

"Yes, yes. Boss fucking me. Big dick. Love it. So hard. Boss me." Here it comes, thought Rebecca.

"You going to ask me to fuck you tomorrow, Debbie?" There it was. Rebecca knew her answer to this question could change your life forever. Would she have a regular sex life, be submissive, an office slut, or maybe even a black cock slut?

"No. Shit. No, just tonight. Tonight only. Shit! Shit! Fuck me hard, boss. Use me, I said you could use me tonight with your big black dick."

Rebecca could tell that Debbie was nearing a quick orgasm. She knew the feeling of being taken by a big black cock and what it could do to a woman's pussy. She knew how quickly that first orgasm could come when first experiencing such a large cock. The man in front of her stuffed his manhood into her mouth as she was panting and began to fucked her face. Debbie was in full orgasm in moments; Rebecca could hear her squealing with a mouthful of cock and her pussy being slammed. She was really being used, at both ends, Rebecca thought.

"You going to ask me to fuck you tomorrow?" The black man was now holding Debbie by the hips and was really abusing her pussy. Debbie was no longer sucking the other man's cock, but rather was whining and whimpering and moaning from the fucking she was getting. "You going to want this again tomorrow, Debbie?"

"Holy fuck, I'm so used. Secretary, fucked by bosses."

"You are our executive assistant," said the man by her head who was now slapping her face with his cock.

"Not tonight. Tonight, I'm just your fucking secretary. Executive assistants don't do this, secretaries let their bosses fuck them. I'm being a damn secretary, getting your coffee, sucking your cocks, and getting fucked."

Rebecca could tell that Debbie was having another orgasm. She was sure that this young girl had never been taken or used like this before - she was shaking.

"Sweet geezus. Shit. Fuck. So hard. Yeah, never been fucked like this. Boss, bossing me, using me, taking me. Yesssss."

"You going to be our secretary tomorrow? You going to get us coffee?"

"And suck your cocks? And let you fuck me?"

"What's it going to be, Debbie?"

After a long pause and more fucking, Debbie replied, "I'll be your secretary. I want to be your secretary. Shit! Fucking me. Sucking cock. Good. So good. You can use me. I want to be used. Debbie secretary, on her knees. So much cock."

Rebecca could tell that Debbie's orgasms were subsiding. The man fucking her must have noticed as well, as he slowed his pounding and finally stopped. Debbie was sweaty and disheveled, collapsing to the ground on her side.

After another change of scene, Debbie was astride one of the men who was lying on the floor, rocking up and down. The other two men were standing while she alternated between sucking each one.

"You like having three cocks, Debbie?"

"I never imagined it would feel this great. I love having you all around me, your hard cocks, sucking you. Having a cock in my pussy all the time. When you're with one guy he's either one place or another, but with you all, you're everywhere!" 

Rebecca noticed that Debbie had moved one of her hands and was now rubbing her pussy as she rode the man under her. It was clear to Rebecca that she was working towards another orgasm. How many was this for her? Three? Five? More? Rebecca now had her fingers visibly in her pussy, rubbing her clit and sliding her fingers up into her pussy. She didn't care who at the reception might see, this video was driving her crazy.

"You like being fucked?"

"Yes, definitely. I'm sure you can tell. Never been like this, though. You men really used me. In a good way."

"Does your boyfriend fuck you enough? Deep enough? Hard enough?" Rebecca watched as the black man goaded her as he rubbed his big cock across her face.

"No, not enough. After tonight, not deep enough or hard enough."

"You know, Miss Debbie, a lot of men from the firm are going to see you getting fucked tonight," continued the black man. "They're going to want to fuck you and you've already agreed to be our secretary. You going to let them? You going to let the men of the firm have you?"

Debbie was really riding the man beneath her and her hand on her pussy was a blur. She was now in the midst of her orgasm, moaning loudly.

"Are you going to let the men of the firm have you?" The tone of this question was more demanding. "Are you going to let them fulfill their needs?"

It was apparent to Rebecca that Debbie had never experienced this much pleasure or orgasm before. Debbie had become what would nicely be considered a sweaty mess.

"Maybe... I think... I could not... I need... shit... fuck..." Rebecca watched as Debbie continued to ride the man beneath her, trying to figure out what she really wanted and what she was willing to do.

"Yes, I don't think I can go back to not having this. I love having all your dicks and I'm not sure I can go back to just one. You men have shown me something I never knew existed. I'm going to want this more."

One last scene change brought Debbie on her knees with the three men around her stroking their cocks in full hardness. It was clear to Rebecca that the men were getting ready to cum on Debbie's face.

"Yes, please cum on my face. You earned it. You really used me tonight. Older men can really teach a young girl a thing or two! Rebecca was right. We should let you have us."

"You ready to let other men have you too?"

"I think so," said Debbie. She was taking turns giving each of the man a bit of extra attention with her tongue and lips.

Rebecca watched as each of the men in turn unloaded a large volley of cum on and across Debbie's face. Rebecca loved to have men cum on her face, so she was truly jealous. By the time all three had finished, Debbie's face was quite a covered mess. She was asked to give one last statement.

"I arrived here tonight with my boyfriend, but after sending him home, I let my bosses use me, as Rebecca said I should. You can see that they just finished cumming on my face. I loved getting fucked by them and I'm glad to be wearing their cum. Young ladies of the firm, you definitely should let your bosses have you. Rebecca, I hope you're proud!"

"Are you going to let other men fuck you tonight?" said a voice from behind the camera.

"I think I'm going to have to, at least for tonight; if I can even stand, after what you guys just did to me." Debbie was grinning with a face full of cum as she said this and the video ended.

Rebecca finally looked up from the video at Karen. Rebecca still had her hand in her pussy when she noticed that Karen's hand was under her dress as well.

"Man, I am horny as hell," said Rebecca. "I need a fuck. Honestly, like Debbie, I need several fucks."

"You're not the only one," said Karen as she began to flip through the videos again looking for one more to watch. They had just decided on another video to watch when they were once again confronted by a small group of men.

"Karen?" Rebecca and Karen looked at each other. Karen nodded.

"Earlier, in one of your videos, you had requested that a group of men get together and you would be their cum slut. We are part of a larger group who would like to make your fantasy come true."

"My fantasy?" replied Karen.

"Okay, perhaps a mutual fantasy. Are you up for being our cum slut tonight? Would you like your face covered in cum?"

"How many men are we talking about?"

"At least eight, maybe more. How big a slut would you like to be?"

Rebecca was quite impressed. She had never come close to wearing the cum of eight men. She was, to some extent, jealous. She would love to be the center of attention for eight horny men.

"Eight? Would this be a gang bang?"

"Probably. I'm sure several of the men would love to fuck you. A couple may even want your ass. Obviously, your choice. Are you up for eight men cumming on your face?"
