 At 18 years old, Rebecca had not had much experience with sex. She had only been with 2 guys. She was not a gorgeous supermodel type by any means. She had average looks to go with her average shoulder length straight brown hair. She wore glasses and dressed pretty plainly because she had never really had the money growing up to buy the designer label clothes that a lot of her friends wore. She was medium height for a girl at about 5'4 and weighed around 130 pounds. Her breasts measured out at a very mediocre B cup. 

She had decided to go with a plain top and a short skirt that showed off her best feature. She had been told by more then one guy that she had a very nice ass and sexy legs. She pulled up her pantyhose and decided not to wear panties. A practice she liked to do just for the heck of it. It kind of made her feel like a bad girl. She also didn't wear a bra because there was really not much there to hold in place anyway. 

The night was spent with her friends at a bar in a bad sex district part of town. It was surrounded by liquor stores and strip clubs and an adult bookstore. It was the only place that would serve them alcohol at their age without any question. She had played some pool and sang very bad karaoke and had several mixed drinks before she was finally asked to dance by a large older guy who introduced himself as Chuck. He was around 40 years old, 6'3 and she guessed his weight at around 250 He was wearing a pair of rather dirty jeans and a tattered Metallica T-shirt that covered a rather sizeable belly. He also wore a dirty Budweiser baseball cap. She wasn't being picky in her condition. He was the first one to pay any real attention to her anyway. 

They walked out onto the small dance floor for a slow song. She wrapped her arms around his neck as he reached his arms around her waist and puller her tight against his beer belly. She thought to herself how drunk she must be because the feeling of his hard hands on her hips was really a nice sensation. She laid her head on his chest and rocked back and forth to the music. It wasn't much into the song before his hand slid down to her ass slowly. She didn't put of any kind of a fight as he soon was dancing with both hands feeling up her ass cheeks. "You really have a wonderful ass." He whispered in her ear. 

She just looked up and smiled at him and then laid her head back on his chest.

When the song was over they went outside. He said he always wanted to go to the adult bookstore next door just to see what it was like. She was drunk and a little curious herself so she figured it wouldn't hurt to go with him. It was well lit outside and there seemed to be quite a few people going in and out. They walked into a room that had several shelves that contained DVD's and magazines with all types of sexual pictures on them. There were a couple of guys looking at the selection but there was no sign of all of the people that she had seen go in. She then saw a guy walk out of a dark hallway with a sign over it that said VIDEO BOOTHS TOKENS ONLY. 

"What is back there?" She asked Chuck. "I think you go back there to watch these movies." He replied. They examined the movies on the shelves and she started feeling a tingling between her legs from all the graphic sexual images. "You want to go see what the video booths are all about?" Chuck asked with a smile. Rebecca didn't really know if she wanted to do that. She had only known this guy for about 30 minutes. The alcohol answered for her. "Sure, I guess so." She replied.

Chuck walked up to the counter to get some tokens. She then followed him into the hallway. The hallway was very dimly lit. There were small doors up and down the hall and there were a couple of side halls also with small doors leading into them. There were lights above each door that had the words IN USE on them. Some were lit and others weren't. The whole place smelled funny, kind of a bleach type smell.

Chuck led her down the hallway and took a turn as if he knew exactly where he was going. He went to a door and opened what seemed like a larger booth then the others. He allowed her to enter first and then closed the door behind them and clicked the latch. The booth was dark until he started placing tokens in the slot. The screen lit up immediately with a scene of a blonde who was being fucked really hard in her ass by the biggest dick that Rebecca had ever seen. Rebecca's own pussy tingled at the sight of the woman being used in the ass. Rebecca had only had a couple of boyfriends and none had tried that maneuver.

Chuck sat down on a bench that was against the wall and patted the seat next to him. Rebecca was definitely having second thoughts about what she might have gotten herself into, but she sat down anyway. "What do you think?" Chuck asked. "Well it is definitely different." Rebecca replied. She knew what Chuck wanted and she was really starting to get turned on at the thought of it. He leaned over and kissed her softly on the neck as his hand started to slide up the inside of her thigh. 

Rebecca did something she didn't expect. She spread her legs wider to allow him easier access as his fingers probed the outside of her panty hose. She could feel his fingers sliding gently across the material and across her now dampening pussy lips. She sighed and leaned back against the wall and watched the screen while this old redneck stranger fondled her pussy.

Then Chuck got on his knees in front of Rebecca. He reached up her skirt and grabbed a hold of her pantyhose at the crotch and ripped a hole in them. A second later Rebecca had 2 of his thick fingers shoved deep into her awaiting hole. She couldn't help but moan out loud even though she knew that people in other booths would hear her. She couldn't believe how thick this guy's fingers felt in her tight little hole. Her pussy clamped around his digits as he curved them upward and started rubbing directly on her g-spot. She closed her eyes as her breathing got heavier and heavier. When his thumb started rubbing her clit at the same time she exploded in the most powerful orgasm she had ever felt. She was almost screaming as her body convulsed over and over from the powerful climax. 

Chuck pulled out his fingers and stood up in front of Rebecca. He unbuttoned his jeans and pulled out his cock right in front of her. She leaned forward and took the hard 6 inch member in her hand and licked the head all around before she took it in her mouth. She hadn't had much experience with this and didn't know how to get it into her throat like the girl on the screen was doing with a cock that was much bigger. Chuck didn't seem to mind as he let out some slight moans and then told Rebecca that she was a good little cocksucker. He placed his hand on the back of her head and started slowly fucking her mouth with the half of his cock that would fit. 

His breathing started becoming heavier and he was pushing harder before he pulled his cock out of her mouth. "Damn, you almost made me cum before I could fuck you." He said. He reached into his pocket and pulled out a condom and tore the wrapper open. She watched as he rolled the rubber down onto his cock. "Stand up sexy." He reached down and held her hand and pulled her to her feet. He turned her to the side and then stood behind her as he pushed on her back to get her to bend over. She did as he wanted and bent over. It was then that she noticed the hole in the wall in front of her and the eyes of someone watching. 

She didn't have time to say or do anything. Chuck slid her skirt up and grabbed her by her hips, ramming his hard cock into her tight wet pussy. She moaned as he pulled his cock almost all the way out and then pulled on her hips and slammed his member home again. He started fucking her hard as she screamed out over and over with each thrust. She was watching the man's eyes in front of her. The fact that there was another man watching actually turned her on more as Chuck was slamming his dick home again and again as she could feel his balls bouncing off her clit. Then the eyes disappeared, only to be replaced seconds later by a hard cock that was about the same length as Chucks but it was a little thinner. The strange member poked through the hole in front of Rebecca's face. 

She was beyond any type of self control at this point. Whipped into a horny frenzy by Chuck's cock she had another strong orgasm as she took the other cock into her mouth and started sucking it. It was easier to get the thinner cock into her mouth. She worked it in and out of her mouth for a minute. The man on the other size thrust at the perfect time just as Chuck rammed his cock in deep and pushed Rebecca forward. Rebecca gagged hard and almost threw up as the strange cock was forced into her throat. The man on the other side of the wall pulled back and Rebecca tasted a salty taste as he blew shot after shot of a huge load into her mouth. She tried to swallow the streams of cum but couldn't get it all as his love juice started dripping out the sides of her mouth and down her chin. Chuck then let out a grunt and slammed into her one last time and she felt his cock pulsing inside her as he filled the condom with his load. 

He pulled his cock out and stripped off the condom and let it fall to the floor. The other cock disappeared back through the hole and then a hand reached through holding a couple of napkins. Rebecca took them and stood up while she wiped the cum off her chin. She straightened up her skirt and turned back to Chuck. He had a huge grin on his face. "So did you like this place cutie?" 

Rebecca definitely liked the place. She went there quite a few times after that night. She never saw Chuck again but she had her fair share of strange cock at the Video booths.