 This is a continuation FFM story of Rebecca and the Librarian. I appreciate all of the positive and critical feedback. Please feel free to leave feedback and enjoy the story!

---------------------------------------------------------------------

It was still early in the morning. Eric had slept for a few hours at least, they all had, but now he had been awakened. He was on the far right side of the bed and someone was stroking his semi hard cock and kissing him on the lips. He hummed as he kissed the lips back. The night before came flooding back to his consciousness. Andrea and one of the best nights of his life... He opened his eyes and looked.

In the darkness, he could make out facial features. Andrea was kissing him, and probably stroking him as well. He broke their kiss and looked at her while she continued to stroke her hand up and down his still hardening cock.

"Wait, stop..." Eric said.

Andrea stopped his protesting by pressing her tongue into his mouth. She tasted like sex. He momentarily gave in and pushed his tongue into her mouth, connecting their tongues together, tasting each other. He was rock hard now, and broke from their kiss again.

"You have to stop," Eric whispered.

"But I want you in me," Andrea whispered back. She squeezed his very hard dick in her hand.

"I can tell," Eric whispered. "But Rebecca is asleep, and I only had sex with you because she told me to."

"Exactly," Andrea whispered, chewing on his ear lobe. "She is asleep and wouldn't know."

Andrea moved her head down his naked torso, kissing quickly down his body toward his crotch.

"You're so bad..." Eric said, hesitating and thinking.

When Andrea reached his belly, he gently held her face and stopped her.

"You can't," Eric said, finally. "We can't without Rebecca."

He heard Rebecca stir beside them.

"Just fuck her already," Rebecca said.

"What?" Eric asked, still holding onto Andrea's face.

"I said, 'just fuck her already," Rebecca said.

"I tried to stop her," Eric said, still trying to plead his already won case.

"I know," Rebecca said. "I heard, and I'm happy. Now fuck her."

Andrea continued to kiss lower, since Eric released her face with the realization that Rebecca was going to let him have sex with her girlfriend again. Was telling him to. He groaned slightly when he felt Andrea's lips wrap around his cock and suck him into her mouth.

"So..." Eric said. "You're cool with it, then?"

Rebecca sighed, then laughed. He felt and heard Andrea laugh around his shaft as well, and wondered what was so funny.

"She already made me come, just before she woke you up." Rebecca said, with a little laugh.

"Wait, what?" Eric asked.

"Let me explain it to you," Rebecca said.

...

Rebecca was having a dream that she was flying in a clear blue sky over a sea of deep, green grass. She was warm and comfortable as she flew, with only a slight breeze blowing across her body. Then she flew over the ocean and got closer to the water to see to ocean's floor.

As she did, her right nipple accidently dipped into the warm, gentle water, and she realized that she was flying naked. The water continued to pull at her nipple, making it hard, so she turned and put her other nipple into the water. It was also warm and began to get hard from the gently pulling and lapping of the ocean.

"Hhmmm, yes..." Rebecca moaned, and woke up.

In the dim light, she could see long hair draped across her chest as Andrea continued sucking on her left nipple, while rubbing her hand up and down Rebecca's naked body.

"That would explain the dream," Rebecca thought, smiling.

Andrea released Rebecca's nipple with a wet smack.

"Good morning," Andrea said with a smile in her voice.

"Hhmm, yes it is," Rebecca said sleepily.

"I was horny, so I woke you up," Andrea said. "Sorry."

"No," Rebecca said. "It feels good."

"Good," Andrea said. "Then I will keep going."

"Yes, please," Rebecca said.

Andrea leaned up and kissed Rebecca. Neither had showered and both still smelled like sex, but they didn't mind. They kissed long and deep, while Andrea moved her hand lower and lower, reaching Rebecca's soft, trim pubic hair. Rebecca's pussy began to swell and she spread her legs apart. Andrea's fingers found Rebecca's clit and began slowly, softly stroking it. Rebecca moaned into Andrea's mouth.

"You like that?" Andrea asked.

"Oh, yeah..." Rebecca sighed.

Andrea kissed her again, and then she captured Rebecca's clit between her middle and ring fingers. She began stroking Rebecca again, massaging and playing with her clit, turning her on even more.

Breaking their kiss, Andrea again moved to Rebecca's nipples, licking and sucking them with her warm, wet mouth. As she did, she pushed a finger into Rebecca's now wet hole. Rebecca groaned into Andrea's mouth.

"You like that?" Andrea asked.

"Oh, fuck... yeah..." Rebecca moaned.

"Then you will like this..." Andrea said.

Without waiting for a response, Andrea slid down the bed, put Rebecca's leg over her head, and spread her legs apart. Rebecca could feel Andrea's breath on her swollen labia right before feeling little licks tracing up the outline of her pussy. Her lips and tongue were so soft and wet, so teasing, it made Rebecca even more swollen and wet.

Rebecca lifted her hips into the air, trying to get Andrea to lick with more pressure, but Andrea kept deftly away from her.

"Oh, please..." Rebecca begged.

Andrea began at Rebecca's perineum with the tip of her tongue, pressing harder into the lower part of her sensitive area, giving one long, slow lick up the entire length of her pussy. She paused at Rebecca's clit, flicking it with quick, firm licks, making Rebecca groan aloud.

"Oh...yes..." Rebecca groaned.

Taking Rebecca's clit in her mouth, she began sucking it while continuing to massage it with her tongue, until Rebecca began to buck her hips faster, then she released it from her mouth completely.

Rebecca let out a little whimper of disappointment, which quickly turned into a whimper of pleasure when Andrea pushed her tongue as deep into Rebecca's pussy as she could and licked deep inside. Then, Andrea took out her tongue, inserted her middle finger, and latched back onto her clit.

Rebecca grabbed ahold of Andrea's hair, holding her mouth against her needy crotch, while she began thrusting faster into her face. When Andrea inserted a second finger, Rebecca cried out.

"Oh, fuck, yeah!" Rebecca cried.

Andrea began counter thrusting her fingers into Rebecca's pussy to the rhythm of Rebecca's shoving hips while continuing to stay latched onto her clit, flicking it wildly with her tongue. Rebecca let out a little "oh" every time she thrust against Andrea's face, occasionally uttering a pleasurable curse.

"Oh...oh...oh...oh, fuck...oh, yeah..." Rebecca echoed repeatedly.

Andrea shook her head "yeah" and hummed "uh huh," around Rebecca's clit. Andrea's fingers found Rebecca's g-spot and rubbed it with vigor while she continued to suck and lick her clit.

Rebecca's hips shoved off the bed, lifting Andrea with her, as she started to come.

"Oh, fuck, Andrea!" Rebecca groaned. "Oh fuck, yes!"

Rebecca's hips bucked and shoved hard into Andrea's face, her fingers were grabbing Andrea's hair, pulling her hard into her pussy.

With every wave of orgasm that rocked her body, Rebecca let out an utterance of pleasure.

"Oh, fuck.... oh, fuck... oh, fuck... oh, fuck..." Rebecca groaned through clinched teeth as she came, shoving her hips into each shooting wave of climax.

Her entire pussy was tingling and throbbing with pleasure, from her clit to her insides. Also, knowing that it was Andrea's pretty face buried in her pussy, while her husband slept lightly snoring next to them, made Rebecca's orgasm even more intense.

When the waves of pleasure passed through her body, turning from pleasure to intense sensitivity, Rebecca dropped her hips down to the bed, released her grip from Andrea's hair, and lay there, trying to catch her ragged breath.

Andrea climbed up Rebecca's warm body and lay on top of her, kissing her. Rebecca tasted herself on Andrea's lips, but did not mind, her body was still thrumming from its intense orgasm. Rebecca could feel the wetness of Andrea's crotch lightly rubbing against her leg as they kissed.

"I'll return the favor once I catch my breath..." Rebecca said, still breathing heavy.

"Well..." Andrea said, hesitantly.

"What's the matter?" Rebecca asked.

"I was hoping for something, uh, different," Andrea said.

"What do you mean?" Rebecca asked.

"I want to feel Eric's dick inside me again," Andrea said. "If you don't mind, that is."

"Of course I don't mind," Rebecca said.

"Thank you!" Andrea said, with a quick kiss.

"But..." Rebecca said, thinking.

Andrea waited quietly for her to finish her thought. She busied herself and kissed Rebecca's ear and neck while she waited while slowly grinding her pussy on Rebecca's leg.

"But, what?" Andrea asked, worried, after a couple of minutes had passed.

Rebecca came up with a plan to have Andrea wake up Eric and try to get him to have sex with her without protesting. If he did object, then Andrea was supposed to try to get him to anyway, any way she could, just to see if he would. Rebecca would pretend to sleep until either they started having sex, or if he resisted for too long.

Secretly, both Rebecca and Andrea hoped that he would resist. Rebecca loved Andrea, and loved sharing her, but wanted to know that Eric had the will power to hold out, even though he was just with her. Andrea hoped that Eric would stay faithful to Rebecca and not give in to her because she loved Rebecca, and did not want to cause either of them trouble.

Andrea tongue kissed Rebecca and rocked her wet pussy on her leg a little harder before rolling off of her and faced Eric. She kissed him lightly, reached between his legs, and began stroking his flaccid penis. His light snoring stopped and his breathing became shallow while his cock began to swell in her hand.

Andrea knew that he was awake when he hummed and began kissing her back.

...

"So, that was a test?" Eric asked.

"Kind of," Rebecca said.

"Did I pass?" Eric asked.

Rebecca laughed and said that he had. She told him that she was happy that he had tried to stop Andrea. Andrea then admitted that she was happy the he had tried to stop her, because she respected Rebecca and would not try to push Eric into having sex with her behind Rebecca's back. Eric said that he was just happy that he was in bed with two beautiful, naked women, which made them both laugh.

"Well," Eric said. "That was kind of a mean way to test me, but I completely understand, and you can trust that I wouldn't have sex with anyone behind your back."

"I know," Rebecca said, smiling, happy.

"But it was also a very awesome way to test me as well," Eric said. "With a cute naked woman."

"It was the best way to test you," Rebecca said. "And the reward is even more awesome!"

"What reward is that?" Eric asked.

"Andrea, of course," Rebecca said.

"Really?" Eric asked. "This isn't some sort of test again, is it?"

Rebecca laughed and assured him that it was not, but told him not to keep Andrea waiting. Andrea grabbed his penis again and light stroked him while she kissed him again. He let his hands roam over her naked flesh, on her back, feeling her taut ass, then up to her hard nipples. She pulled his hand and guided him down to her pussy, letting him feel how wet she was.

"This is what your wife does to me," Andrea said, grinding her wet pussy against Eric's hand.

"I'm so very glad that she does that," Eric said

"Me, too!" Rebecca said, behind Andrea, causing them all to laugh.

Andrea rolled to her back, faced Rebecca, and kissed her again. They stayed kissing while Andrea continued to stroke Eric's penis and grind her crotch against her hand. Soon, Eric felt Rebecca's hand on his hand and he moved his hand to let her touch Andrea. He put his fingers over hers and felt her caressing Andrea's pussy.

Eric moved off the bed, Andrea reluctantly released her grip on his dick, and moved to the foot of the bed. He spread Andrea's legs and moved his face between them. When he licked up the length of her slit, he felt Rebecca's fingers with his tongue, and licked those, too. Rebecca paused touching Andrea, so he pulled her fingers into his mouth and sucked on her fingers, then guided them into Andrea's wet pussy.

Andrea moaned out loud, then went back to kissing Rebecca more passionately, pressing her tongue deep into Rebecca's mouth. Eric positioned his head so he could lick Andrea's clit from the side of Rebecca's fingers, making Andrea cry out.

"Oh, yes...!" Andrea cried out.

"She's more than ready for you, Eric," Rebecca said, rubbing Andrea's inner wetness. "Aren't you?"

"Yes, please..." Andrea whimpered.

Eric stood up and lined his cock up with Andrea's hole, and Rebecca took her fingers out of Andrea, grasped around Eric's shaft, and stopped him.

"Hold on," Rebecca said. "Don't fuck her yet."

Eric did as he was told, thinking it was another test, but he was wrong.

"I want to feel you fuck her," Rebecca said, grasping the rigid base of his penis.

Andrea spread her legs as far apart as she could, nearly draping them off the corners of the bed, while Rebecca lined up the tip of Eric's penis with the entrance to her soaking depths.

Eric felt Rebecca pull on his shaft and guide him further into Andrea's wet entrance.

Andrea moaned while Eric pushed into her, easily sliding all the way in and bottoming out, deep inside of her.

Andrea shifted her hips and thrust down onto his hardness, taking him fully inside and slowly humping his cock. Rebecca's fingers went to her clit, gently rubbing it. Andrea kissed Rebecca while Eric stood there, fully embedded inside Andrea while watching them kiss. Rebecca wrapped her fingers around the slick shaft of Eric's cock and pulled him out.

Rebecca leaned down and licked up the length of Andrea's wet slit, flicked her clit with her tongue and then sucked on Eric's cock for a few strokes.

"Hhmmm..." Rebecca said. "I love the taste of her on your cock."

"I'm glad you do," Eric said, smiling.

"Me, too!" Andrea said, laughing.

The three laughed together.

Andrea turned her head to Rebecca, for a deep kiss. "I am glad, too," Rebecca said.

Everyone quieted, watching Rebecca's sexy mouth lower over Eric's cock once again. She moved her head up and down slowly a few times, then lifted up, sucking hard, and pulled off Eric with an audible pop. She leaned down and licked Andrea's pussy, pressing her tongue deep into her wetness. She broke away and tongue kissed Eric, letting him taste Andrea's sex.

"Now I'm going to fuck you hard, Andrea, with Eric's dick." Rebecca said. "Do you want that, Andrea?"

"Yes, please," Andrea said, pleadingly.

Rebecca leaned over and ran her hand down Andrea's bare chest, all the way to her sweet little pussy, feeling her wetness before grasping Eric's rigid shaft.

"This is going to be fun," Rebecca said turning to Eric. "You're going to last for her, aren't you Eric?"

"I hope so..." Eric said.

"You had better do more than 'hope so,' Babe," Rebecca said, lining up the tip of his penis with Andrea's entrance.

With that, she pulled on his cock and shoved it deep into Andrea, making her grunt and whimper.

"I want you to get use to this," Rebecca said.

"Used to what?" Eric asked. "You using my dick like a dildo?"

That made Rebecca laugh. Andrea snickered.

"What are you laughing about?" Rebecca asked Andrea.

Rebecca smiled, grabbing the base of Eric's shaft and pulled, making him go fully into Andrea, then pushed against his trimmed pubic area before doing that again- shoving him in and out of Andrea, making her groan.

"No," Rebecca said to Eric, "I mean I want you to get used to having sex with Andrea."

"Okay..." Eric said, waiting for the other shoe to drop.

"We spoke," Rebecca went on. "She isn't going to be just my girlfriend, but ours. And we are hers."

"Nice!" Eric said, smiling at the thought of that.

"I figured you would like that," Rebecca said, smiling while still fucking Andrea with his penis.

Rebecca continued to leisurely stroke Eric's cock in and out of Andrea's pussy while she continued to explain.

She said that whenever Andrea wanted only Rebecca, Rebecca would be there for her. If she wanted only Eric, Rebecca would send him to her. And if she wanted both of them, they would be there for her.

Not just for sex, but for dating, talking and companionship. Snuggling at night, shower fun time, everything.

Also, when they wanted Andrea, she would be there for them, and Rebecca wasn't going to be shy about how muck sex she was going to have with Andrea. Rebecca also wanted Eric to feel comfortable with having sex with Andrea as well.

"Sound good?" Rebecca asked.

"Oh, yeah," Eric said. "Definitely."

"I thought so," Rebecca said, flexing her fingers around his slick shaft, squeezing him.

"It sounds good to me, too," Andrea said, smiling.

Rebecca smiled at her and leaned down and kissed her.

"I'm glad you feel that way," Rebecca said, truthfully. "Now, we're going to make you come so hard."

Rebecca had Eric lie on his back with his legs hanging off the bed, while she had Andrea mount him reverse cowgirl. Andrea had a curious look, but did not question Rebecca. Once Andrea had lowered herself completely down onto Eric, Rebecca kissed her deeply, trading tongues while feeling her naked body. Andrea began to slowly rock her hips, grinding herself against Eric.

Rebecca slowly kissed down Andrea's neck, to the top of her breasts and then took one of her nipples in her mouth, sucking and licking it before moving to the other one. Andrea deeply groaned and jerked her hips hard, pounding Eric's deeply buried shaft.

Rebecca moved to kiss between Andrea's breasts, and then kissed down to her stomach, to her trim pubis. Andrea paused, waiting to feel Rebecca's mouth against her pussy. Rebecca looked up at her and smiled.

"Keep fucking him," Rebecca urged.

Andrea continued humping and thrusting on Eric's cock. While she did, Rebecca pressed her tongue against Andrea's swollen clit, using her body movement to help her lick.

Now Andrea understood why Rebecca wanted her in this position, to be able to hump up and down on Eric's cock while also having her clit licked by Rebecca. She looked down at Rebecca's pretty face licking her pussy and began thrusting faster.

"Oh...nice...oh...yes..." Andrea cooed between thrusts. "That feels...fucking good!"

Andrea began pounding Eric's cock faster, her legs pushing her up and down, their bodies making slapping sounds. Rebecca began to lap faster at her pussy, making her moan aloud.

Dropping down to her knees, Andrea began grinding and holding Eric's hard dick inside her. She put entwined her fingers in Rebecca's hair and held her against her pussy as she began to climax.

"Oh fuck!" Andrea yelled. "Oh fuck, yes!"

Andrea pulled on Rebecca's hair, making her lick harder against her clit. She also pushed down deep and hard onto Eric's cock buried inside her, her pussy throbbing with all the pleasure that it was getting. She was moaning and breathing ragged. She spread her legs wide and sank down deeper onto Eric's hard sex, rocking on its length and girth, feeling him deep inside her.

Rebecca's licks became too much for her sensitive, post climax pussy and she released the grip she had on Rebecca's hair. Rebecca smiled and stood up, kissing her with the taste of sex on her lips, and Andrea pressed her tongue into Rebecca's mouth for more.

Andrea lifted up and off Eric's cock and lie on the bed next to him to try to catch her breath, with Rebecca lying on the other side of her.
