 Through a sudden change of circumstances, Rebekah found herself without a roommate, and a steep rent to pay. She put up the listing looking for a female roommate on a handful of online listings. She was looking for someone clean first and foremost, but also someone who wouldn't bring unwanted drama into her life, and someone who could be on her own without expecting to hang out every night. She immediately got a few responses, mostly from men seeing if she would reconsider her gender policy, but a few women as well who seemed decent enough to meet up with for lunch or something. She set up times with two of them as soon as possible so she could get help before the first of the month.

She met the first girl for lunch the next day. The conversation was nice—she went to the same school, was also into arts, and had decided she was done with dating guys for while—and there wasn't anything wrong with her on the face, but Rebekah just felt that she was a little too eager, too nice. At the end of the meal she lied and said she would call the girl back by the end of the week.

The following day, Rebekah invited the second girl to the apartment because she was looking for a specific type of place and wasn't sure by the listing if it was what she wanted. Her name was Ashley. She was 24, a recent grad, very laid back but not in an aloof sort of way, confident, and, Rebekah couldn't help but notice, kind of gorgeous. She had golden blonde hair and blue eyes, was about 5'7'', slightly tanned, perfect cheekbones, and long, toned legs. She had great style and personality. Rebekah knew she'd be a great fit, especially after saying she'd be more than willing to do the dishes.

By the end of the week Ashley had moved in all of her things. The two of them hung out a lot more than Rebekah had anticipated, and for some reason she was totally okay with that. Ashley was always fun, made Rebekah feel good about herself, and the two had the same taste in ice cream and movies, which led to more than a few late nights crashing on the couch together. One thing Rebekah secretly loved was how Ashley would grab her arm or leg when she got excited telling a story. For some reason, it just felt comfortable. Ashley also was a lot more confident than her, and would force Rebekah to make decisions or do something she wanted to do but was afraid to. She needed, and liked, having that in a roommate.

One Saturday morning, about two months into moving in, Ashley was getting ready and Rebekah was barely waking up. She could see Ashley through the open door of the bathroom that connected both of their rooms. Rebekah had always been a people watcher, so she pretended to be asleep, but cracked her eyes open to get a look at Ashley getting ready. Nothing was unusual about the way that she put her make up on, but Rebekah was immediately drawn to Ashley's butt. She had always noticed it was perfectly round and toned through the shorts she wore, but she had never seen it with only the tight cheeky panties hugging her curves then. Her legs were further accentuated as she stood on her toes to more closely inspect herself in the mirror. Rebekah had done some light experimenting with girls a while back, but she had never been turned on by it. Today, though, she felt a tinge of wetness coming from between her legs, and as secretly as she could, she moved her arm and rubbed it.

She immediately began feeling heat throughout her body as she got even wetter imagining what Ashely's butt must have felt like. About two minutes into her trance, Rebekah was startled when Ashley, assuming she was awake, asked if she wanted breakfast. Rebekah immediately composed herself but was smart so as to act like she had just been woken up. She replied that she wasn't hungry, and as Ashley went into the kitchen, she fingered herself until she had an incredibly satisfying, yet suppressed orgasm. Rebekah was always very loud when it came to sex, so having a roommate around made it more difficult for her to just let go when she wanted to get off.

Ashley said she had to run some errands and hit up the mall, but that she'd be back after dinner sometime. Rebekah remembered she had a few things to do as well and was just slightly disappointed she couldn't stay in and take her hitachi wand to her pussy all day fantasizing about what kind of wild things her sexy roommate might be into. As for herself, she loved to be dominated. She was a true submissive and loved to please, be tied, spanked, and fucked hard. She didn't have time for a long masturbation session, but she did manage to get off with the showerhead—and loud—as Ashley walked out a few minutes prior.

Rebekah didn't think too much about Ashley the rest of the day, and she went out for groceries, bought some camera accessories, and watched a friend's baby for a couple of hours; she didn't really like girls, after all. She did think it might be just a little bit fun if when Ashley came home and into her bedroom to shoot the breeze, as Ashley usually did, she would coincidentally be trying on some sexy new underwear. She ran to the mall, making sure to go after when Ashley said she 'd be going. She picked out an elaborate lacy white bra that wrapped around her neck. It was a size too small, since Rebekah's boobs were amazingly too big—and incredible—for anything Victoria's Secret had. She thought that would be okay though, this wasn't an everyday bra. She got the matching thong and thought she looked amazing when she tried them on in the store. She wasn't exactly sure where she was going with this plan of hers, but she did have a slight exhibitionist side that turned her on.

She got home around seven, but to her disappointment, Ashley was already there. Oh well, she thought. She would just go into her room, try it on, and see if Ashley came in anyways. She stripped off her clothes in slid in to her sexy ensemble, actually getting a little turned on by what she saw in the mirror. She had learned to love her body and felt confident in how she looked.

"Someone looks like she wants some tonight"

Rebekah jumped a little from the unexpected voice, immediately losing the power she felt, and blushed as she turned around.

"What?"

"I said, it looks like you're going to have sex tonight. A new guy?" Ashley asked jokingly. She was also in her underwear. It was less elaborate and more mismatched than Rebekah's, but her killer body made anything look sexy.

"No," Rebekah laughed a little bit uncomfortably, "I just saw this at the store loved how it looked."

"Oh, you mean like the way you loved my ass this morning?" she said, more pointedly

Panicked, but trying to play it cool, Rebekah replied, "What? What are you talking about? I mean, yeah it's great, but I don't think I'm into girls.

"But you don't know," Ashley caught on to Rebekah's mistaken word choice, "because I'm pretty sure I saw you touching yourself under the blankets in the reflection of the mirror. And, I heard you get off pretty loud in the shower after I came back in because I forgot my wallet. And, I know you were staring at my ass before that."

Rebekah had no response

"Don't be shy Rebekah. I know you've wanted me for a while, probably even before you knew you wanted me. So tell me."

"Tell you what?" she answered sheepishly

"Tell me you want me and I'll give you want you want."

Rebekah was frozen, choking on words. Even though she had been turned on, and imagined what Ashley might be into, she had never thought that she would be in Ashley's control and give into her.

"Um, no Ashley, I mean"—

"No, what?" She asked, growing impatient

"I'm-I'm not into girls. I mean I don't care if you are, but"—

Rebekah couldn't get another word out. Ashley had stepped forward forcefully, and with her hand firmly behind Rebekah's head, brought her into a hot, passionate kiss. Rebekah's eyes were wide open, and her lips moving on autopilot, but she had neither the strength nor the willpower to stop her. Ashley then took her left hand and cupped it against the white lace of Rebekah's thong, the only defense between her and Rebekah's now wet pussy. Rebekah let out a suppressed sigh as she gave in to the kissing, her knees wobbling a bit. Ashley quickly moved to kissing all around her neck, increasing the tingles Rebekah felt shooting through her body. Just as she began feeling comfortable with this unexpected affair, Rebekah was yanked by the hair and pushed facedown onto her mattress, forming a 90-degree angle with her butt sticking out, barely grazing Ashley's thigh.

"I know exactly what you need, and I'm going to give it you. You understand?" she whispered into Rebekah's ear seductively and forcefully. With no response, she continued, "You are going to say 'Yes, Ma'am' to this question and every command I give to you, okay you little slut?"

"Yes, Ma'am," she said, incredibly turned on by the prospect of being owned like this by her hot roommate.

"Now for some spankings, since you were so slow to give in. You will count off every time I slap you"

"Yes, Ma'am."

Slap, "One!" Slap, "Two!" Harder slap, "Three!" and so on until ten slaps.

"Mmm, very good you little whore." She got wet watching Rebekah arch her back, shift on her feet, and entirely love being spanked while her hands were held behind her back. "Let's just see how much you've really been enjoying this," she said as she slid her right hand between Rebekah's legs, sliding her index and middle finger up against her pussy, feeling the wetness through and around the thin strip of her panties. "Very much indeed."

Rebekah began to moan as Ashley rubbed against her clit, slowly and methodically, hanging on every one of Rebekah's twitches and facial expressions.

"Do you like this? Would you like some more?"

"Yes, Ma'am"

"Good," she said satisfyingly, as she hooked her hands over the sides of Rebekah's lacy white thong, slipping it down gently until it fell to her ankles revealing her freshly shaved pussy, glistening with arousal. Ashley got on her knees and brought her mouth close, using her fingers to slightly spread Rebekah's lips. Without warning and with one fluid motion, she glided her flattened tongue from Rebekah's clit up to her ass, sending a wave of electricity throughout her body that Rebekah had been longing for for months. Encouraged by her moaning, Ashley continued the fluid licks eagerly as if she were trying to stop a melting ice cream cone from dripping onto her fingers. Sensing the building climax in her roommate's uncontrollable noises, Ashley slid her middle finger into Rebekah's pussy and began stroking against her g-spot, her tongue now making precise circles around her clit.

"Oh yeah...fuck..." Rebekah managed to get out, the sensation now making her whimper with pleasure.

"Do you want to cum, my pet?"

"Yes Ma'am...please make me cum...please."

And with that response, Ashley immediately stopped and spanked Rebekah hard. "I don't think you've earned it yet. Get on the bed." Rebekah immediately complied, instinctively knowing to get on her knees with her face down, ass up pointing towards the foot of the bed, and her hands behind her back. Ashley climbed up next to her, told Rebekah she was a good girl, and gave her pussy a soft slap before placing a blindfold she had hidden somewhere nearby over Rebekah's eyes. "Wait here."

Rebekah, unable to see, but completely able to feel how in the moment she was, keenly waited in anticipation for what would come next. She couldn't believe this was happening, and she couldn't believe how much she loved it. She heard the distinct sound of objects bumping against each other in a large handbag and was happy Ashley had what sounded like a decent collection of toys to experiment with. Ashley said nothing but was messing around with something under the bed. She then got directly behind Rebekah and placed cold, hard handcuffs around her wrists, clicking them tight. Rebekah loved bondage. Ashley began tying what felt like a nylon rope around her left ankle and then moved over to the right. The length of the cord forced Rebekah to spread her legs fairly wide, and its tautness made her entirely unable to move them even an inch. She was completely exposed and vulnerable to Ashley's desires. A quick spank made Rebekah let out a sensual Ooh sound.

"Are you a little slut?" Ashley asked somewhat rhetorically

"Yes, Ma'am."

"And should little sluts be punished?"

"Yes Ma'a—" And before Rebekah could get out her final '"m", Ashely cracked a whip across her ass, once on each cheek.

"Yes, Ma'am is right," Ashley said, pleased with herself. She continued intermittently whipping Rebekah until thick, pink welts began forming on her pale white skin.

"You get so wet when you get punished. You love being controlled."

Rebekah could only sigh as the heat on her butt resonated deep through her flesh, her pussy burning with desire. She could hear a slight sucking sound and soon felt a thick dildo push into her about four inches deep. Ashley turned a knob and made Rebekah's pussy hum.

"Oh FUCK!" She screamed as her upper body involuntarily began bouncing on the bad, her thighs struggling against the restraints. "Yes, fuck me! Please fuck me..." she trailed off as her words turned to heavy sighs.

"I'm not here to fuck you, you little cunt, I'm here to torture you," was the last thing Rebekah heard before she felt warm wet glass push against her ass hole. Ashley had lubed it up well and the plug slid into Rebekah before she even had time to tense up against it. The buzzing of the vibrator reverberated against the glass inside of her and made her whole body feel like it was singing. She loved the sensation of being full and loved that she was hanging just on the verge of cumming. Ashley had adjusted the vibrator so that no matter how hard she tried, Rebekah could not push over into the orgasm she so badly wanted, needed. Ashley bent over her and began caressing her breasts and kissing the back of her neck. The combination of intensity and gentleness made her want to melt into a million pieces.

"Now Rebekah, I'm only going to ask you once, so answer well," she whispered into her ear as she pinched her nipples, "Do you. Want. To cum?" She emphasized each word intentionally.

"Oh yes, Ma'am, please let me cum! I want to cum so fucking bad for you! Please!" she said half yelling, half tearing up. Ashley adjusted herself to where she was standing on the floor directly behind Rebekah's pussy.

"I want you to cum, now!" And at that moment Ashley turned the vibrator up to a setting Rebekah had not yet felt, and began flicking her clit hurriedly with her tongue while tugging gently at the glass plug. Rebekah began screaming in pleasure at a level the neighbors must have clearly heard until she knew she was about to climax.

"Oh, yes! Oh my God, oh my God, fuck I'm going to cum! FUCK!" Her body convulsed violently as she rode out the longest, deepest full body orgasm she had felt in as long as she could remember, bringing her to tears. "Oh my God...yes...,"she sobbed through the overwhelming pleasure. Ashley soon turned off the vibrator and took it out, leaving the plug inside. She unlocked the cuffs, lifted the blindfold, and untied her feet, sweetly kissing her butt, back, neck, face, and lips. Ashley then looked Rebekah in the eyes, and asked, "Did you love that as much as me?" her smile causing her to break character for the first time.

"Oh, that was amazing," Rebekah replied, playfully growling out the last word while squeezing Ashley tight.

"Good! You deserved it."

"Let's do it again."

Suddenly a knock came at the front door. Ashley jumped up happily and began walking towards it, grinning as she said "Right on time."

Rebekah let her body go limp while she softly rubbed her pussy, working out every last ounce of fleeting pleasure she could from it, completely ignoring the fact that whoever was at the door might see her basking in her post-orgasmic bliss. She didn't care, and she hoped whoever was there would make her cum like that again.

From her angle, she couldn't tell who was at the door, and all she heard was indistinct mumbling until Ashley called out for her to put the blindfold back on. "Yes Ma'am," she thought to herself playfully. Ashley and whoever it was made a point of not saying a word as they came back into the bedroom. Another bag with objects could be heard, as could the sound of clothes being removed. She couldn't hear any belts or shoes, so Rebekah was still unable to guess whether it was a guy or another girl. Suddenly, she felt Ashely's smooth body lay on top of her, this time she was naked and their stiff nipples rubbed against each other.

"I brought over a friend who I think you'll like. If at any point you're uncomfortable, let me know and we'll stop, but judging by how much you like being used, I think you'll enjoy this."

"Yes, Ma'am," Rebekah said, a little nervous, but ready for the next surprise.

"See how much you got me going?" Ashley asked as she brought her slightly wet thong to Rebekah's nose, allowing her to inhale her scent, before crumpling it up and shoving it in her mouth. "I love all of those slutty sounds you make, but I'm just going to have to learn to enjoy listening to your muffled moans too."

The stranger searched for something in the bag, which turned out to be some more rope. The two of them expertly tied Rebekah's ankles to the two bottom corners of the bed, and her hands to the top of the slatted headboard so that they were outstretched and suspended a foot above her head. Rebekah tested the restraints by tugging at them. She was completely immobile except for to move her head a little from side to side. A few more objects were pulled from the bag and placed somewhere on the bed.

"Are you ready for this, my slave?"

Her attempt to say "Yes, Ma'am" was useless, but the two of them took her mumble as an affirmation. She lost track of where they each were but stopped caring as she felt one hand grab her left breast and a mouth descend on her nipple. The best she could do was thrust her hips out a little as her pussy began to tingle with desire. A second hand, from a separate pair, started playing with her right breast followed then by a tongue dancing around her nipple. The two hands and mouths were using different tactics that kept her on edge not knowing how they would move and suck next. Her nipples were as hard again as they were just a few minutes ago, when her roommate first made Rebekah her sex slave. Two free hands began exploring her body as the nipple worship continued, brushing across the sensitive parts along the insides of her arms, waist, and thighs, coming tantalizingly close to her dripping pussy before moving elsewhere. She groaned in frustration.

"Now, now. Good things come with time," Ashley teased, knowing exactly what they were doing to her.

They adjusted positions, and Ashley was now straddling Rebekah's stomach using both of her hands to play with Rebekah's deliciously soft tits while she softly rocked her pussy against her. The stranger was straddling her thigh, reaching for something across the bed, when Rebekah felt what she thought was a dick rub against her. The individual sat back down a little. It definitely was—and he was HARD, she screamed inside of her head.

Knowing he had been discovered, he slapped his thick, seven-inch cock against her leg to give her a little more of an idea of what she would be taking soon enough. Ashley grabbed his arm and motioned for him to move. He climbed over and repositioned his legs in the spaces between Rebekah's arms and face, his warm, stiff cock resting on top of Rebekah's nose and lips, and his balls against her forehead.

"I hear you like being treated like a slut," he said in a deep, self-assured voice that made her place him in his mid-thirties. "Fuck yes," she thought. He rubbed his hard member all over her face while Ashley continued squeezing her tits and pinching her nipples.
