 CHAPTER 5. "DAD"

How do you honor your hero?

The person you've looked up to for your entire life?

Your Example. Your Rock. Your Stay.

Dad lived a clean, respectable life. He worked hard at his job, never took anything for granted, and had high morals.

He loved his country and served bravely in the Vietnam War.

Dad was an expert outdoorsman. He could build anything with his hands and make anyone laugh.

And despite our differences and the bitter standoff we had over my three-way marriage and the life I led with Alexa and Merissa, and even our kids, Dad was still my idol, my standard. No amount of mutual hostility or anger could ever change that.

And I will miss him more than words could ever say.

----------

_Phillip Anthony McCarron_

_August 30, 1938 -- November 23, 2018_

----------

-*- Thursday, November 29, 2018 -*-

-*- Prairie Falls, Kansas -*-

Dressed in a dark suit, I stood at the podium in the funeral home with about 150 friends and family members present and sang a variation of an old symphony number from 1893 with help from my oldest brother, 55-year-old Hudson, and a nearby microphone. I wasn't much of a vocalist, but Hudson insisted that he and I get in front of everyone and pay tribute to Dad one final time during his memorial service with a spiritual duet. Besides, I don't think anyone in attendance was going to critique my singing voice. Not today.

_Goin' Home_, a beautiful melody, was initially performed by Czech musician Antonín Dvorák in 1893 and then adapted by William Arms Fisher, who wrote the lyrics, in 1922. I stood cool, calm, and collected, and my voice never wavered as I sang the verses alongside my brother for the somber, forlorn gathering. Yet, my insides were in chaos.

I never thought this day would come.

This past Saturday morning, Hudson called on the telephone and informed me that Dad had suddenly (and unexpectedly) passed away at his home in Cedar Grove the night before from an apparent stroke. I wasn't one bit prepared for such news, obviously, and didn't take it too well. Official word would soon come down that yes, indeed, Dad suffered a thrombotic stroke. A large blood clot had migrated into one of the main blood vessels of his brain. He was 80 years of age and will forever be missed.

I remember walking downstairs on Saturday morning to the kitchen. My mind was in a fog. It felt like someone had stabbed me in the gut. Merissa was whipping up a nice and hearty breakfast for Cooper and Madison and planned on bringing a portion of it to me in bed since I'd slept in uncharacteristically late. As usual, Merissa was a chipper and lively mood as she interacted with the two precocious toddlers in her own unique, motherly way.

But Merissa sensed right away that something was horribly wrong. Perhaps it was my dull, listless demeanor? Or the fact that I didn't immediately say _happy birthday_ to Madison since she was officially two now? Initially, I didn't even acknowledge that it was her birthday. My brain was scrambled. I pulled Merissa into a side room so the kids wouldn't hear me.

"Dad... he's dead. He died from a stroke last night."

Merissa stared at me, slack-jawed, and soon brought a hand to her mouth as the tears began to flow hard and heavy. Just beside herself, she stumbled over her own two feet trying to embrace me. Merissa barely knew my father (or my mother, for that matter) because both had basically disowned me as their son in March 2016 when they learned that Alexa and I were going to marry Merissa and make it a three-way marriage. My parents didn't understand that concept. They didn't _want_ to understand it. And they let me know by building a near-impenetrable wall that continues to stand tall to this very day. I hadn't even spoken to Dad because of his disdain for me and the different lifestyle I led despite the fact he lived a mere 35 miles away in well over two-and-a-half years.

Still, he was my dad. I loved him no matter what. But I don't know if the feeling was mutual. In fact, I highly doubt it.

Merissa shrieked and wailed out in abject horror as she held me. She knew all too well what it was like to lose loved ones in such an unexpected and shocking manner. Merissa's own father suffered a fatal heart attack in 1999 when she was just seven, and there isn't a day that goes by that she doesn't miss him. She even has her father's initials tattooed on the side of her neck. Last year, Merissa also lost her younger brother, Paxton, in a motorcycle accident. She knew all about losing family members.

Merissa fumbled with her smartphone and immediately called Alexa, who was in the middle of working a four-hour overtime shift at the health and fitness club over in Tiverton. I heard Alexa scream and cry out through the speaker upon hearing the grim news. I spoke to her briefly, and she promised to be home as soon as possible. "I'm leaving work now! Oh God, Colt! Are you okay? Talk to me, baby. I'm so terribly sorry!"

It was at this point when reality struck me. My legs felt weak and literally turned to Jell-O. Then they gave out. Of all things -- again - I wasn't prepared for this. Not now. I fell to the floor in front of Merissa, my pregnant wife, and began crying. 

Dad was... _DEAD._

I'd been at fierce odds with my parents since they learned that Merissa was part of our intimate relationship and that Alexa and I planned to marry her. A long series of _things-that-should've-never-been-said_ arguments ensued, and it totally fractured everything I had with them.

I was an outsider to my parents now. Birthdays weren't acknowledged. Thanksgiving and Christmas came and went each year without even so much as a holiday card in the mail. The family would gather at Mom and Dad's farmhouse for holiday celebrations, but we were never invited. My siblings had to drive to our home in Lake Serenity to celebrate with us. Cooper no longer had his Grandma or Grandpa. Heck, Madison had never even _met_ my parents. Even once. They wanted nothing to do with their innocent, little granddaughter because Merissa was her biological mother, not Alexa.

To them, Madison was the spawn of Satan.

What's most perplexing is that before Merissa came into our lives as a love interest, I got along wonderfully with Mom and Dad. Especially Dad. They adored Alexa and were so happy when we got married in May 2011. I went to countless baseball games at Kauffman Stadium with Dad to watch the Royals play when I was growing up. I hiked mile after mile with him at Clinton Park, the state park located a short distance from our family farm. I was his _right-hand man_ when it came to doing chores on the farm. We'd ride around and deliver products in his pickup truck. I remember Dad being... my best friend.

My hero.

My example.

My rock.

My stay.

Today was his funeral, though, and I wasn't going to dwell on the negative. The bitterness. This wasn't the day for that. _No._ I was going to look past everything and instead remember all the good times with Dad. It would be wrong to think any other way.

Hudson was another one of my heroes when growing up. He had a better singing voice than I did, too. I was also unaware that Hudson was so adept at playing the piano. His fingers were just dancing away as we continued forth with the duet. He looked good in a suit as well. Much better than me.

I looked out at our 57-year-old sister, Janae, who wiped away the tears as Hudson and I performed the spiritual duet. She'd gone to war in recent years with Mom and Dad on my behalf and tried to get them to accept me back into their lives. Janae always had my back, but in this case, it was to no avail.

At Dad least he no longer had to deal with the typical aches and pains of being an 80-year-old man. I know his neck and knees had really been bothering him for a long time. Behind Janae, Alexa was struggling to keep her emotions in check as she sat with her own mother and father. Just like everyone else in the funeral home, I suppose. Cooper was nestled in Alexa's lap. My other brother (Carl) was here from Utah and had a firm grip on Mom's hand next to Janae.

Obviously, this had been the toughest and most grueling week of my entire life thus far. Bar none. In recent years, I always had the hope that one day, Dad and I would have a reconciliation. Mom, too. I clung to that hope desperately.

Now? That hope was gone. At least in the physical sense.

Unfortunately, my own family - not all of them - were here to say goodbye to Dad.

Not wanting to cause a scene or be the center of attention, the difficult and heart-wrenching decision was made that Merissa and Madison wouldn't be attending the funeral. They stayed home in Lake Serenity. Seriously, how could my own wife and daughter skip my father's funeral? Yet it had nothing to do with the bitterness and everything to do with perception.

It was necessary.

Mom and all three of my siblings knew of our three-way marriage. They knew that I had a child with both Alexa and Merissa. Alexa's parents, Bob and Angela, knew as well, as did Ryker (my actual best friend nowadays) and his wife, Savannah. My siblings' spouses were aware, of course, as were their children. And a few cousins. No one else who would be attending the funeral knew for sure, however.

But if Merissa and Madison were to attend with us, the suspicious whispers and furtive glances from busybody family members about us and our private lives would ramp up again and spiral out of control.

We didn't want that. We didn't want to be the center of attention and gossip during my very own father's funeral. Today was for honoring his memory and legacy. It wouldn't be fair to subject Alexa and Merissa to the whispers and the harsh glances. Most of all, it wouldn't be fair to put the kids through that, either. They were innocent in all of this. There was no need to toss more fuel onto that fire.

It was an inferno already.

So, Merissa and Madison stayed back in Lake Serenity while Alexa, Cooper and yours truly made the 60-mile trip to attend the funeral out here in Prairie Falls. Merissa wasn't happy about it but didn't say much. I think she understood.

But oh, how I wished Merissa and Madison were with us now...

Dad was born on August 30, 1938 in Cincinnati, Ohio. Like Alexa, he was a premature baby and slept in a shoebox, in the dining room hutch, for the first few months of his life. That is no lie, not an exaggeration. Money was scarce for his family back then, he told me; times were different. Technology and medicine were vastly different. It was a minor miracle that he survived his first year.

Dad went from school to school in downtown Cincinnati when he was growing up and often enjoyed telling me the story (as I am quite the avid baseball fan) about his senior year in high school. There was this freshman kid that went to his newest high school back in those days, Dad would always tell me, that everyone said he was an excellent baseball player. A truly outstanding player and potential major league prospect. Dad never met him because of the difference in their ages and class curriculums, but I bet you may have heard of him. The baseball player?

Pete Rose.

Dad joined the U.S. Army at age 18 and went to Vietnam and took part in the early, pre-war effort there in 1957 and 1958. He was shot and critically wounded; an enemy bullet pierced his neck and came out the other side on his shoulder. Medics rushed to try and tend to him, but they were shot by the enemy as well and perished on the spot. One landed directly on top of Dad, already gone. Clearly, the stuff of nightmares.

Throughout my entire childhood and on into my adult years, Dad would talk about his own hero - Roger Michaels. I cannot even begin to recount how many times that Dad told me about how Roger Michaels, a friend of his from Montana in the military, proceeded to save his life. Roger Michaels used both of his pinkie fingers to staunch the nasty bullet wounds Dad had suffered, one in his neck, the other his shoulder, until more help could arrive. Dad would have choked to death - on his own blood, no less - if not for Roger Michaels, I always heard. I wouldn't be here right now, either, if not for the great, heroic deeds of Roger Michaels. I would've never even been born.

My father, by the way, always called him by his first and last name when reminiscing throughout the years, so I did the same. Sorry if it sounds redundant.

Unfortunately, Roger Michaels was shot and fatally wounded the next day in battle, Dad explained to me, while he was in the military hospital recovering from surgery. In fact, all but three men from Dad's battalion were lost. This was devastating news, but the loss of his dear friend Roger Michaels was especially difficult for Dad to take. It haunted him for many decades. They'd met during basic training and, despite being from very different backgrounds and walks of life, over time, they formed a close friendship.

After months of healing and recuperation, Dad returned home to Cincinnati and eventually met and married Mom in 1959. They followed Dad's side of the family and relocated to the Kansas City area in 1960, eventually planting roots there. Together they rose four children, the last of which is me. Janae was born in 1961, Hudson 1963, and Carl 1964. I came along very unexpected ten years later in 1974. Dad also leaves behind eight grandchildren.

Yet his legacy will live on.

Dad never did forget the genuine bond and sacrifice made by Roger Michaels, thinking of him often, praising him often, and frequently sharing his story at Boy Scout meetings. To me, he was a larger-than-life character, a true war hero.

After considerable research, Dad learned that Roger Michaels' body had been returned to the U.S. and buried at Arlington National Cemetery in Virginia. In 2007, Dad was able to visit this sacred place, locate Roger Michaels' gravesite and, after waiting 49 years, finally give his dear friend a heartfelt thank you and salute. Dad even told him that he loved him.

I was eternally happy that I was there to witness it.

Receiving that telephone call this past Saturday had been especially difficult. I certainly never expected Dad to die. He was my dad. Dads are supposed to live forever. Right?

Yet despite our differences from these past few years, I feel blessed that I got to call him my dad. I'll hold onto the good memories forever and cherish them, while the bad ones, hopefully, fade over time. All the time we got to spent together. Tossing a baseball back and forth in the backyard when I was a kid. The many adventures we shared together. The bicycle rides. Canoeing. Road trips. Going to sporting events. The laughter. The fun. The many lessons.

I'll never forget any of it.

It was difficult during the funeral, as I stood atop the podium with my brother singing this song, to look over at the coffin and know my father was in there. How was that even possible? It was such a sad time, but I kept reminding myself that we needed to celebrate his life and everything he'd accomplished today. Certainly, Dad wouldn't want us to be crying and all somber.

Yet, it was impossible not to.

I'm happy that Dad at least got to know Cooper during the first eight months of my son's life in 2015-2016. I take solace in the fact that one day, somehow, someway, I'll see Dad again. I truly believe that families are forever and time heals all wounds. It does. I have faith that Dad and I will forgive each other for these past two and a half years, and things will be like they once were. We'll be happy together again, a team. He and I will go kayaking off the coast of Texas in the Gulf of Mexico, and we'll have coffee at his favorite diner in Kansas City. We'll go to the museum, and Dad will educate and explain to me (in great, painstaking detail) about the exhibits that interest him the most. We'll be together just like old times, and I hope to share stories of my own grandchildren (and even great-grandchildren) with him.

I also take solace in the fact that Dad is with his family right now. His own father and mother, his grandparents. His brother Terry - my uncle - who also passed away because of a stroke in 2006. The others he held near and dear to his heart over the years. All of them are probably sitting around a big banquet table right now in Heaven, getting reacquainted. Or perhaps they're on a cruise. Maybe fishing? Dad always loved the water. He was incredibly envious when Alexa and I went on our first Disney cruise to the Caribbean in 2012. When we went again in 2013, naturally, Alexa and I insisted that he and Mom come with us.

Best of all, I know Dad is with Roger Michaels right now. He was his best friend, his hero, and someone Dad held in very high regard. Roger Michaels was probably the first person Dad sought out in Heaven, even before any family member. He meant that much to him. Their reunion... it was a long time coming.

Hudson, Carl and I helped five others carry the coffin, draped with the American flag, from the hearse to Dad's final resting place at his cemetery plot in Cascade, Kansas. It was a bright, beautiful day; not a single cloud was in the sky. Go figure. I felt I'd done a decent job keeping my emotions under control thus far today, but I lost it completely when the military honor guard detail in attendance began folding the flag. I just lost it, crying like never before, and had to be held up by Alexa and Ryker just to keep from falling over.

My oldest nephew (David), Second Class Petty Officer in the United States Navy and enlisted as a SEAL, presented the flag to my mother. Mom was all misty and teary-eyed. A bugler played Taps. The scene was utterly mind-blowing and gave me chills. How many times in the past had Dad told me about his stint in the military? Going to Vietnam? Roger Michaels? He loved the fact that he served his country. He never once regretted having to take a bullet for it, either.

All those discussions came rushing back at once - they hit me like a tidal wave - and it just seemed to put the capper, a true exclamation point, on his life.

Everyone in attendance was given a single rose, either white or red, and asked to line the lid of the coffin with them. Friends and distant relatives went first with the white roses. The red ones were next. I remember Alexa taking her turn and respectfully placing her red rose in the proper line. She'd been mired in all the nasty controversy the past two and a half years as well and didn't hold my father in the highest regard anymore. Yet today was his funeral, and Alexa was overlooking the bitterness just like I was. The man was still my father and I loved him dearly. Alexa was here to support me and respect Dad's memory.

Mom placed the final red rose.

Once the ceremony was complete, the gathering slowly began to disperse. The closest friends and family members were invited to Janae's home for the wake, where there'd be plenty of good food and stories to be shared about Dad and his life. We'd play in the yard with the kids and maybe even go bike riding in town. The day would end on a good note.

I stayed behind at the gravesite for a long time, though, and there was a special moment when Alexa asked Cooper, my two brothers and sister, and me, to join hands. Alexa then bowed her head in reverence asked us to do the same and spoke a beautiful prayer.

"_God our Father, Your power brings us to birth, Your providence guides our lives, and by Your command, we return to dust._

_Lord, those who die still live in Your presence, and their lives change but do not end. I pray in hope for our family, relatives, and friends, and for all the dead known to You alone._

_In company with Christ, who died and now lives, may Phillip rejoice in Your kingdom, where all our tears are wiped away. Unite us together again in one family, to sing Your praise forever and ever.
