 CHAPTER 7. "SPECTER"

-*- Friday, November 30, 2018 -*-

-*- Lake Serenity, Kansas -*-

"Perhaps I shouldn't have even gone to my father's funeral," I said to my two wives at the unholy time of 2:45am on Friday morning. "Then we wouldn't be awake right now and trying to pick up the pieces from that argument."

Following Merissa's screech- and profanity-laced tirade earlier when she voiced her displeasure for having to skip my father's funeral after Alexa, Cooper and yours truly arrived home in the overnight hours, she ran off in a huff and barricaded herself in the guest bedroom located downstairs. Merissa felt guilty, angry, and upset - all at once - and didn't know how to process those emotions.

"STOP BANGING on the damn door!" Merissa cried out at the top of her lungs five minutes later. Alexa had been pounding on the door relentlessly, her poor hand red and raw, desperately trying to get our bride to open up and let us in. Allow us the opportunity to sit down like adults and figure this horrible situation out. Solve and sort through our problems as a united trio like we always have.

Some nasty accusations had been made during the argument. Merissa claimed that she was a _second-class citizen_ in our marriage. She wasn't as important a piece to the puzzle as Alexa and I were. Merissa even took it further and insinuated that she was not my wife and Madison (who stayed home with Merissa during the funeral as well) wasn't my actual daughter. I wasn't really the husband and father, she theorized, because I was only truly that for Alexa and Cooper. They got to go to the funeral while she and Madison stayed behind.

She even called Alexa a _bitch_ during the argument.

"Merissa, open the fucking door!" Alexa pleaded after having complied and no longer banged on it. Rissa! For crying out loud, it's us. Please open the door. Rissa, are you okay?" Frustrated, Alexa slapped the door with an open palm. "Baby, I love you! WE LOVE YOU! Open UP! Don't do this to us!"

"Open the door," I begged as well.

"Rissa, it's us," Alexa continued. "Please open the door! Fucking hell, if you get so emotional and upset and something happens to your unborn baby because of it, I'm going to kill you."

"Lexi!" I scolded her.

Seconds later, the door slowly opened.

"Oh, my God. Merissa, baby, are you okay?" Alexa wrapped her arms around our wrecked, disheveled wife, and promptly pulled her to her chest. "Does your tummy hurt?" Alexa ran her hand over and across Merissa's massive, 37-week baby bump. "Talk to me, baby. Are you okay?" Alexa kissed her on the forehead. "Tell me that you're okay."

But it seemed that Merissa couldn't talk at the moment. Or she simply didn't want to.

"Let's go inside and have her lay down."

Alexa nodded at me in agreement, then she and I guided Merissa over to the twin-size bed and had her lay across it.

"Merissa, you need to talk to me." Alexa crouched before Merissa like a baseball catcher and stared into her face. "Please, talk." She cradled her cheek. "I love you so much. So does Colt."

Merissa lifted her watery eyes.

"We need to make this right. Tell us what's on your mind, honey, and we'll do just that. Make it right." Alexa's mouth was going a mile-a-minute. Under times of extreme distress, she often speaks at supersonic speed. "What was all that earlier? My God, we talked about this several times the past couple of days." I went into physician mode and visually inspected and clutched Merissa's abdomen for any signs of fetal stress. All seemed well, thank God. "You had us worried SICK these past few minutes! Please talk to us. Please, Merissa... I'm begging you."

I nodded my head. "We need to get this settled."

"I felt so lonely and meaningless today," Merissa finally whimpered, weak and listless.

"You HAD to go to your father's funeral," Alexa told me an hour later, as she and I, along with Merissa, were still in the guest bedroom located downstairs. Back in the present moment. We'd been immersed in an intense and highly personal conversation, and had gotten several things - issues, even - out into the open, and spoke honestly. Candidly.

"Why did I HAVE to go to my father's funeral?" I retorted. "My father hated me the past two-and-a-half years. If I go alone, everyone would ask where you were, Lexi, where Cooper was. So, you came along. But if Merissa went too, all the nosy and meddlesome people in my family - aunts, uncles, cousins - would swarm over Merissa and Madi like bumblebees and try to seek clarification on what exactly our marriage, our life, is. Are the rumors true? Is Merissa really my wife too? _Colt has two wives?_ _A child with each of them?_ _And that woman is pregnant, and clearly ready to give birth again?_ _Colt knocked Merissa up AGAIN?_"

"It's none of their FUCKING BUSINESS what we do in our private lives!" Alexa was breathing fire. "We're not hurting ANYONE or ANYTHING!"

"It would've been so much easier if I just skipped the funeral altogether. You and Cooper were getting your fair share of questions at the funeral, and people were whispering behind our backs nonstop. It isn't fair, it isn't right. And because we decided to leave Merissa and Madi behind here at home - because if they went, it would've created an all-out firestorm - Merissa ultimately felt left out, unwanted, like a second-class citizen. I just... I just should've skipped the funeral. There was... no point in... going."

"That's nonsense, Colt. He was your father." Alexa brushed Merissa's hair from her face as she reclined on the bed. "Oh, honey. We love you so much. _I_ love you so much. I'm so sorry for everything."

Merissa shook her head. "It was for the best. I see that now. Colt, you _had_ to go. You would've regretted it for the rest of your life if you didn't attend your own father's funeral. I know that you had your differences with him, but you had to go. I know you still loved him and wished things were better."

"I'm regretting it that I went now."

"It was for the best," Merissa said again. "I'm 37 weeks pregnant and those people would've hounded me. I doubt I could've handled it - not in the shape, the mindset, I've been in here lately. Madi JUST turned two. Why allow others to put thoughts into her mind that our marriage, our family, is WRONG?" She shook her head again. "Why go through that?"

"Madi is the happiest little girl that I've ever seen," Alexa proclaimed before her eyes flashed with pure disdain. "How could ANYONE accuse us, make wild assumptions, that she and Cooper aren't being raised correctly? Properly?"

"I don't know, but they do." After everything I've been through, my head was pounding. "Cousin Ryan was asking me at the wake how I could have two children with two different women and live with them both." What right did Ryan have to say anything, really? I hadn't even seen him in three years. "He said Cooper and Madi would grow up... wrong."

"BULLSHIT!" Suddenly, Alexa was on an all-out rampage. "Our situation may be unique, I admit that, but NO ONE can fucking stand there and tell me that Cooper and Madi aren't being raised in a proper and loving environment! I love both those kids more than life itself! I will DIE for them if need be."

"And this is the reason why I say I shouldn't have even gone to the funeral. I go alone, I get bombarded with questions about you, Lexi, and Merissa. I go with you, you open and subject yourself to my intrusive family, and you wind up screaming and upset - like now - in the end. I bring both you and Merissa, and it would've been a tornado. A category-three hurricane. I should've stayed home and skipped the funeral." A wave of sadness hit me all at once, but I was able to keep those emotions bottled up inside. What a horrible situation to be in. "Besides, Dad hated me..."

Alexa frowned, much calmer now. "Phil didn't hate you. He just didn't understand our relationship or marriage. You have so many good memories, Colt, of being with your dad before all this... all this... this STUFF... came about. You need to focus on those good memories and draw from them. Didn't we talk at length about that on the drive home? Personally, I'm going to remember all the good times I had with your dad. Life is too short to dwell on the negative."

"How many people in your family actually know, for sure, that you're married to both of us?" Merissa asked me. "That Madi is your child too?"

"For sure? Not many. Mom and Dad, my two brothers, my sister, their wives, her husband. All their kids - my nieces and nephews. Cousin Piper and Cousin Candace, obviously Cousin Jeremy. But beyond that, it's just total speculation on everyone's part. My aunts, uncles, cousins, other distant relatives... they've come up with so many wild rumors and assumptions, ideas about us, since 2016. It all started when Mom and Dad found out the truth about our marriage and officially cut me out of their lives."

"It's not right that there are people in your family who treat you like an outcast, Colt, a circus sideshow. Damn that Ryan. DAMN HIM!" Alexa was still fuming. "He's not even half the man you are. Not even half! People... and their ZEALOTRY!"

"Which is why I should've skipped the funeral." This time, I held back a nervous chuckle.

"You shouldn't be precluded from attending your father's funeral and honoring his memory because of what others may or may not say or think about you."

"And I shouldn't have been precluded from going as his wife and Madi as his daughter," Merissa told Alexa.

Alexa sighed and hung her head low.

"But it was for the best. I see that now. We agreed two-and-a-half years ago when we all got married that there were going to be some tough sacrifices we'd have to make in the future. Individual sacrifices. We didn't know what they'd be exactly, but we knew they were coming." Merissa pouted and added, "This was the first real sacrifice one of us was forced to make. It... wasn't an easy one. I was really... upset."

"These sacrifices should not tear us apart!" Alexa whined. "Colt and I had to make sacrifices too before you came aboard, Rissa, back when we were strictly one-on-one. Everyone and anyone who is married has to make sacrifices. But we cannot let those sacrifices tear us apart. We just can't!"

Merissa sighed as well. "They're not going to tear us apart, Lexi. I said some awful stuff earlier, I admit, but I didn't mean it. You know that. We've talked about this for over an hour now. I didn't mean it. It was anger, it was just the frustration of being cooped up for over 19 hours in this house today. Madi was in a terrible mood all day long. She kept asking where all of you were. She wanted to go out, but I don't want to drive being so close to my due date. She threw fit after fit today. My back was really hurting me. And I got sick twice."

"Oh, Merissa." Alexa hugged her. "Oh, I'm so sorry. Oh, baby... this should have never happened."

Merissa looked at me. "Colt, I love you. I cannot repeat that enough. I love you. You're my husband, and I LOVE YOU. And Madi is your daughter just like Cooper is your son. I'm so sorry I said those awful things. It... it was the anger, all that frustration, talking. You know... that's not me."

Merissa reached for her stomach and gently clenched it with both hands, then she let out a deep, painful moan.

"Honey, what is it? What's wrong?"

Merissa shook her head at Alexa as tears suddenly streaked down her face.

"Let me get that." Alexa took a wad of tissues and wiped the tears from Merissa's cheeks. "You know what, Rissa? I think you need to relax. How about I fill the tub for you? Let's both get out of these clothes and I'll..." Alexa glanced over at me for an instant and I shook my head, silently telling her to stop.

"I just wish that our families were more accepting of us and the choices we've made," Merissa managed. "All of us have family members who don't approve of our marriage! I have a cousin who still thinks that I'd be better off with Grayson instead of you and Colt - if you can believe that."

"FUCK GRAYSON!" Alexa exploded. "Grayson beat you up two different times and put you into the hospital for two weeks! ANYONE who says Grayson Todisco is better for you can go..." Alexa took a deep breath and tried to calm herself. It failed. "I hope that FUCKER keeps rotting in jail FOREVER! I hope he DIES there!"

"Lexi." I squeezed her hand. "Settle down, honey. Let's not start going on about Grayson again." The quickest and easiest way to cause Alexa to implode was to mention Merissa's ex-fiancé, Grayson. We didn't need to talk about him right now.

I turned and clenched Merissa's wrist with my opposite hand. "I accept your apology."

New tears cascaded down Merissa's face. "You know I didn't mean those things about you, Colt!" She shot a worried glance toward Alexa before looking back my way. "You KNOW that, right?"

"I do. Of course, honey."

"It's just a bad situation we're in with our families," Alexa frowned. "For the ones who understand us, like Mom and Dad, Colt's brothers, his sister, everything is fine. It's normal. It just... flat-out SUCKS because of the ones who don't, like Colt's parents, your brother, Rissa, Aunt Becky, and Uncle Kyle. It just flat-out sucks. We shouldn't have to live our lives in ridicule. Why can't these people understand that all three of us are incredibly happy together? Five, counting the kids."

"Six," I corrected her, patting Merissa's pregnant bulge. "Soon, honey. Very soon. Paxton will be here."

"And Paxton will grow up and be just as loved and well taken care of, and doted upon, as Cooper and Madi," Alexa declared.

On the bed, Merissa leaned up and planted a kiss upon Alexa's lips. "You're going to be just as much a parent and guardian to Paxton as Colt and I are. Always remember that."

"Oh, Merissa." Alexa seemed on the verge of tears too.

"It's almost three o'clock in the morning," I announced to them. "I'm tired. I cannot keep my eyes open any longer. I'm going to bed... we can talk more in the morning."

"I don't want to go to bed. I want to stay up and continue talking. I've missed both of you so much today. I... I need to talk... some more."

Alexa smiled at Merissa. "I'll talk and listen to you for as long as you want."

"I watched them lower my father's coffin into the ground several hours ago," I reminded my two wives. "It was a horrible, emotional day, and I need to get some sleep. So many different thoughts and feelings, emotions, memories, that I've dealt with today. The good times, the bad times."

"I'm sorry for the way I acted earlier," Merissa squeaked.

"Don't be." I stood up from the bed, but then leaned over and kissed both of my wives flush on the lips. "There's nothing to feel sorry about, Merissa. We were at fault - me and Lexi. Not you. We should've spoken more in-depth with you about the funeral beforehand and how we were going to handle it as a family. We never meant to shut you out of anything. You're... more important than you'll ever know."

"It was my fault."

"No." I shook my head at her again. "Don't feel guilty about anything. About anything you said. I know you were upset." I squeezed Merissa's shoulder and smiled. "This will pass. It'll pass like all our problems always have. Just don't worry about it. Everything is okay. Neither of us is upset at you."

"We've argued and fought, but what I really should be doing is worrying about YOU because you lost your father. I acted so selfishly earlier." Merissa's voice was barely above a whisper now. "Are you okay?" She knew full well how it felt to have her father ripped away from her well before his time.

"I'll be fine. I have the two most beautiful, most precious women in the world as my wives. And we have the cutest, most adorable son and daughter together. I'll be fine, honey. There's so much love and happiness all around me. It would be impossible for me not to be fine... eventually."

"I love you so much, Colt, and, on top of everything today, I hurt so bad because of you." Fresh tears slid down Merissa's cheeks. "God, I was so worried about you today, your mindset. I love you so much that everything hurt today. From my eyes to my stomach to my feet, I ached all over. I... I still feel awful."

I leaned over and hugged her close. "I'm so sorry. I wish I could've been here to make you feel a little more comfortable. I... I love you so much."

Shortly after that, I went up to bed and was out like a light. All things considered, it'd been the longest, most grueling day of my entire life...

* * *

Daylight was slipping away fast, casting dark shadows and eerie patches as I hiked up a steep, rocky incline. I glanced in every direction, taking all the scenery in, yet also trying to pinpoint exactly what my location was. _Where the hell am I?_ _How did I get here?_ The last thing I remembered was going to sleep after smoothing things over with Merissa. Alexa stayed behind to talk to her.

So again, how did I wind up here?

The typical swirling oranges and crimson of sunset had been pushed aside for a fierce gathering of raven-hued clouds that seemed to indicate an impending storm. I wasn't 100% certain, but what appeared to be Weston Bend State Park in Missouri provided the panoramic vista of breathtaking scenery all around me. The air was fresh and crisp, and as I ascended to the top of the steep hillside, I came upon a forest of bitternut hickory trees. Towering honey locust and black walnut pines also offered a mix of earthy and Heaven-like, fresh scents. Startled, a lone deer scampered off in the distance.

A cobalt-blue river was bubbling and foaming around the granite rocks in the meadow ahead. A school of white bass scurried around the protective edge of a tree and sought refuge. Gazing out over the turbulent, choppy waters brought forth recollections from my youth when Dad and I used to go canoeing down the Missouri River.

Many of our adventures started across the state line at Weston Bend State Park in Weston, Missouri...

"Where the hell am I?" That thought was still on my mind, and for a good reason. How did I get here? I didn't have my smartphone with me, either, so there was no way to call for help.

When was the last time I went _anywhere_ without my phone? I'd sort of inherited that from Alexa.

A good way northward, I saw a lone fisherman framed by the silhouette of the incoming dusk. I could hear his reel in the distance, ticking every now and then, followed by the whoosh of his line as it zinged through the air. Perhaps the fisherman could clue me in as to where I am? Maybe even how I got here? I just wanted to go back home and be with my two wives again, as well as my two children.

"Excuse me!" I drudged through the very edge of the water in my boots, trying to get the man's attention, as I made my way closer. "Excuse me, sir. Could you tell me where...?" My words were abruptly cut off as the man turned to gaze back at me and I got a clear view of his face for the first time.

HOLY HELL.

"Son." My father's deep voice stirred a myriad of emotions within me. Dad is dead. I just attended his funeral, right? Yet here he was anyway, standing about 20 feet ahead of me. "How are you doing, Colt?" Dad's words wrapped themselves around me like a warm, soothing cocoon. "Long time no see."

What was this? A dream? It _had_ to be a dream, right? If it was, when was I going to wake up? But I was willing to ride with it. I chose not to fight.

How was I doing? Lonely? Sad? Wondering exactly what happened between us these past two-and-a-half years? Trying to figure out why I hadn't spoken to Dad in such a long time?

And why did he have to die on us so suddenly?

"Dad, where am I?" That was a pressing question, too. I needed clarification. I'd gone to bed and closed my eyes. That was my last memory before finding myself in this forest. What if...?
