 Authors Note:

This story involves a wife's infidelity. Without any repercussions. If you do not like these types of stories ... please move on to something you do like. However if such stories are something you can or do appreciate – realizing they are mere fiction and fantasy – please enjoy.




 Rec-Room Rendezvous

 Kneeling naked between her husband's legs Janet gazed up into his eyes. One hand held the base of his rigid cock, her fingers squeezing and tugging at it gently. She mewed softly as her lips slid along the member again and again. 

Sitting on the edge of the bed Jack held her long, curly hair out of the way, his fingers twined with the reddish-brown tresses.

After a few minutes the petite woman used her tone legs to lift herself up and slide her lips to the very base of his cock, her hand slipping out of the way. She held this position for a moment, inches of him stuffed in her throat.

"Oh God yes, Baby," he growled.

She pulled back, stopping with only his cockhead in her mouth's embrace. Rolling her tongue over this, she suckled on it as her fingers once again wrapped themselves around the base. Then she slid her lips back down to touch her fingers and pulled back. Pumping her lips along his shaft she tugged at the base, urging him toward his climax. Her breasts were pressed against his legs, her swollen nipples smooshed against him and being rubbed. Between her own legs her pussy grew wet, her juices making her panties damp.

"Oh yea. That's it. Suck my cock."

Soon she felt him growing even harder, sensed his balls tightening. Knowing that he would soon be releasing himself for her stoked her own lust and she mewed a little louder as she pumped her lips along his cock.

"Suck it, Baby. Fuck me with your mouth."

His words added fuel to her hunger, making her moan needily.

She both hated and loved the present situation.

She hated it because there would be an extended delay in her own satisfaction.

Jack had been away on business for weeks, leaving her to pleasure herself with her toys. In itself this wasn't bad. In fact it was something she'd grown accustomed to with his job. However, this time his return had been delayed. He'd only walked through the door shortly before their guests would begin arriving for a party they were throwing. This left them no time to fool around and get cleaned up.

Which led to the present situation. The one with her pleasuring him but having to wait until after the party for her own satisfaction. Waiting to have his cock where she really wanted it . . . where she really needed it . . . filling her pussy.

This was also why she loved it.

She knew from past experiences that this whole scenario would have her quite ready to go. This coupled with the fact that her act a fellatio meant he was not as deprived led to him lasting longer later. Therefore she could anticipate multiple, powerful orgasms.

It was this thought that drove her to pump her lips back and forth along his shaft faster and faster, hungrily sucking on him while tugging at the base.

"Oh God yes, Baby," he moaned. His cock twitched within her mouth and began unleashing his jizz. "God yes."

She accepted his pent-up load, swallowing it greedily while her fingers squeezed and tugged. Eventually she milked the last drops from him and he began to soften. She let him slip from her mouth, but kept hold of him.

"Promise me, Jack, that we won't let this party go so late that we're too tired to screw after everyone leaves," she whispered.

"Ahh, what's the matter? Is my hot little wifey horny?" He chuckled.

"You know I am," she glared at him as she stood up and headed into the bathroom.

"Well, don't you worry, Baby. I'm certain that you'll get your satisfaction tonight," he assured her.

Janet brushed her teeth and hair, then got dressed. For underwear she chose a bra and pantie set of black lace, knowing it was one of Jack's favorites. Over them and her fit body she wore a simple deep maroon blouse and dark grey skirt. She left the first buttons of the blouse undone to offer a teasing glimpse of her ample breasts without putting them on obvious display. The skirt covered only part of her thighs, leaving her tanned legs well exposed. Knowing she would be spending the night on her feet she chose to a pair of low heeled shoes to complete the outfit.

Jack walked up behind her while she was double checking herself in the mirror. One hand caressed her heart shaped ass as he leaned down to lightly kiss her neck. A shiver raced through her body causing her to close her eyes.

"It's just so frustrating when we're apart so long," she sighed as she turned to face him. Rising up on her tiptoes she kissed him.

His arms slid around her and pulled her into him. Their lips opened and their tongues slipped over one another. Janet's entire body smoldered with her desire and she felt herself growing damper. Reflexively she ground herself against him.

"My, you are horny," he grinned when they separated.

"Absolutely," she hissed.

And with that, the chiming doorbell announced their first guest's arrival.

It'll be alright, she told herself as they headed downstairs. The time should go by quick . . . And when they're all gone, I can get mine.

She felt her face flush as thoughts about what would be happening later flashed through her mind.

God, I am horny, she thought with a smile.

She loved the fact that after 13 years of marriage her and Jack still enjoyed each other in that way. Especially since so many of their friends had lost "it" after fewer years.

The next couple of hours were filled with the expected laughter and small talk. The house flowed with people important to Jack's career and Janet played the consummate host, chatting with those she already knew and meeting those she hadn't. The evening was a blur of offhand conversations spiked by forgotten drinks. Floating from one conversation to the next she ran into Jack off and on. Each time they exchanged little kisses while he slyly touched her ass or lovingly brushed her cheek, acts which kept her nerves tingling and her embers smoldering. Adding to her fervor was the usual flirtations by a number of their male guests. Men who showered her with compliments and admired her with furtive glances. Although she always viewed these attentions as harmless, she did enjoy them. They made her feel good about herself. And on this night she found herself flirting a little more than usual.

Three of the men were Tom, John, and Dan.

Tom was one of Jack's oldest friends, and probably the best looking one. When they exchanged their customary pecks on the cheek he seemed to hold her arm for a moment longer than usual, his touch radiating through her blouse pleasantly. But Janet wasn't sure if he actually did this, or if her aroused state just made her imagine it.

Jack hadn't known the other two men quite as long, but they were still pretty tight. And Janet thought they were also nice looking.

As she stood chatting with the trio she felt their eyes roving over her. Under their scrutiny she felt herself blushing and finding it difficult to meet their gaze.

Then, although for some unknown reason she didn't really want to, she eventually had to leave them to talk with other guests.

At some point she bumped into Tom again, this time by himself. Again she suspected him of holding her arm for an extended time as his eyes obviously slid down over her body. They picked up in their conversation from earlier and Janet found herself admiring his handsome features and strong form. The next thing she knew she realized she was wondering about his other . . . features. And how he'd be in bed. With suddenly burning cheeks she chastised herself for these thoughts.

That's so wrong, she told herself.

Yet she could not stop them from creeping through her mind.

She silently cursed Jack for his late return.

She was so lost in her confused thoughts that she nearly missed Tom mentioning an art show he'd recently attended. It was only the phrase 'semi-erotic artwork' that caught her attention.

"You're kidding me," she gasped.

"No, it was actually quite . . . impressive," he seemed uncertain of the reason for her reaction.

"You're talking about Jordan's work, right?" She named the artist.

"Um, yes," now he just seemed confused.

"I just bought one of his paintings for Jack."

"Really?"

"Yes. Come on, I'll show it to you," she took his arm and started leading him toward the stairs. "I found that gallery weeks ago, before the showing I believe. And I just knew Jack would love this piece."

Partway across the room they bumped into Jack.

"Hey, Honey. Guess whose art show Tom went to last week. Jordan's," she chirped.

"Really? That's the guy that did the piece in the rec-room, right?" He rested his hand on her hip, the weight of it sending a wave of excitement through her.

"Yes. I'm taking him to see it."

"Great. It is a nice piece," he told his friend as his hand slid down from her waist to cup her ass.

Trying to ignore her tingling nerves Janet led Tom away. The rec-room was in the home's lower level, an area not used for these parties. This meant that the pair left everyone behind as they descended the stairs. As the noise of the party diminished Janet realized the two of them would be completely alone.

Her heart raced with a surprising excitement.

In the rec-room she'd hung the painting above a couch against one wall.

"Here it is," she said, stepping over to it.

It took her a minute to recognize Tom's body heat radiating over her. His scent enveloping her. This led to the realization that he was standing directly behind her, mere inches separating them.

Her heart racing, she focused on trying to keep her breathing steady.

The painting depicted a pair of dancehall women sitting at opposite ends of an old style metal frame bed. While their hands weren't visible beneath their tattered Victorian dresses, it was obvious they were both masturbating, their painted faces contorted in ecstasy.

"Jack sure is a lucky man," Tom sighed, his breath stirring her hair.

"I... uh... I knew he'd like it," she stammered, a tingle racing down her spine.

"I mean, not only does he have a beautiful wife that allows such a painting in the house. But you actually bought it for him. That's crazy."

"Yea well, what can I say? He hit the lottery when he found me."

"That he did," he whispered, his hands coming to rest on her shoulders.

Janet's breath caught in her throat. Her nerves rang excitedly.

She was conspicuously aware that they were completely alone. The idea that maybe she should take steps to return to the party sprang into her mind. But she made no move to initiate such action.

Instead she tried telling herself that this man . . . one of her husband's oldest friends, and a man she trusted . . . meant nothing by the contact. That he was simply comfortable with their friendship.

Then one hand slid down to gently caress her arm. The other's fingertips feathered across her cheek as they pulled her hair back, exposing her neck. He leaned down. His warm breath played over her flesh and in her ear.

"You are so beautiful, Janet," He whispered softly. "So desirable."

On suddenly weak legs she struggled to remain still. Her nerves prickled with electricity. The embers which had been smoldering within her loins all night sizzled hotly.

She could no longer fool herself into thinking his actions were nonsexual. She had to admit that he intended to seduce her right here . . . right now. That placed the responsibility for fidelity squarely on her. Again she told herself to initiate a return to the party upstairs.

And again she failed to do so.

Instead she remained still, enjoying the feel of his hand caressing her arm. His breath on her flesh, tickling her tiny hairs.

"So damn sexy," he whispered before lightly kissing her neck.

Janet inhaled sharply. Her nerves screamed. Her flesh simmered. Tropical air blasted through her loins, stoking her embers in glowing red coals.

For the briefest of moments she wondered why he was doing it? What made him think she would be open to such an act? She could not think of a single instance in which she'd given him the impression that she'd be unfaithful to Jack. Or that she ever had been. And she hadn't. She had not been with any other man since her and Jack had become exclusive. She couldn't even remember ever standing this close to another man since then. Much less doing it here . . . in their home . . . with her husband and dozens of guests on the upper floor.

Then his hand slid forward, his arm wrapping around her waist and pulling her back against him so that their bodies were pressing together. Simultaneously his lips delicately kissed the tip of her ear, his warm breath swirling inside the tiny cavity.

With a deep sigh she folded back against him. Against her back she felt a bulge, and she instinctively knew it was his semi-hard cock. A small whimper escaped her slightly parted lips.

Once more she thought to stop it. To make some glib comment, brushing it off as a joke and return to the party upstairs. They could pretend like this never happened, maybe even forget it eventually.

But no glib comment came. Nor did any action to move away from him . . . much less leave the room.

He kissed her ear again.

Shivers raced through her entire body. Her legs wobbled, forcing her to rely on his support to remain standing. This meant that she folded back against him even more.

He took the opportunity to tighten his hold on her waist, pressing his crotch against her harder. His cock pulsed within his pants.

Her teeth caught at her bottom lip as another soft whimper slipped from her.

"You're so hot," he whispered, kissing her ear once more. "So desirable."

Summoning what she suspected was her last morsel of inner strength she braced herself against the urges raging through her body and turned around to face him. She lifted her hands and placed them against his chest so she could push him away.

"Tom--," she started with the intention of calling an end to this.

His arm loosened enough for her to spin but it didn't release her. His hand now rested atop one asscheek as he continued to pull her into him, his crotch now pressed to her front. The other hand shifted to cup her cheek and tilt her head back. Leaning down he gently kissed her.

As his lips brushed against hers Janet's resilience dissolved.

Parting her lips she accepted his tongue into her mouth, raising her own in response. Her arms slid up and around his neck, her body melting against his, her breasts mashing against him. A quiet moan rattled in her throat.

Tom cupped her hips with both hands, pulling her against him.

Janet basked in the sensation of him holding her. Reveled in their kisses. She felt his cock pulsing against her and pressed herself against it harder.

His hands started roaming over her body. As they explored her back and sides they left trails of heated flesh in their wake. After a moment or two he slipped one leg between her two, his thigh bumping against her crotch. One hand slid back to cup her ass and help press her into his thigh.

Her embers flared. Moaning, she reflexively ground her crotch against him.

After a couple minutes he guided her back toward the couch where he laid her back into the corner. Cradling her head his one hand held her hair back out of the way so he could kiss her neck freely. His other hand roamed over her, caressing her shoulder . . . her arm. It slid along her side . . . over her tummy. Teasingly it wandered past her breasts again and again, its heat the only thing to touch the firm mounds.

She kept her arms around his neck, her fingers playing in his hair. Soft, frustrated whimpers slipped past her lips. Her labored breathing caused her swelling nipples to rub against her bra. Her breasts ached to be touched and his roaming hand was a teasing vexation. Soon her body began shifting and squirming in an attempt to create the contact her body desired.

But it didn't work.

Roaming upward his hand slid past her mounds once more, slipping up to her shoulder instead. Brushing her neck with a series of delicate kisses his lips traveled to her ear. His teeth nipped her earlobe. His tongue feathered it's edge.

"Oh," she sighed.

His lips came to hers again, kissing her deeply, passionately. Their tongues dove over and around one another. Then his hand did envelope a breast. Cupping it he squeezed. She moaned into their kiss. Her back arched, pressing herself into his hand. He fondled the tit through her clothes, his hand heavy with his own desire. They shared kiss after kiss, their tongues swirling together.

Then Tom stopped massaging her breast to unbutton her blouse. Jerking most of the buttons loose he pushed the blouse's flaps aside, opening it. Cool air swirled over her flesh and the thin layer of sweat that had manifested there. Breaking their kiss he drew back to look down and admire her lustful beauty.

Above flushed cheeks her eyes smoldered, her lids heavy. Her teeth clasped her lower lip. Her breasts lay within her black bra, her nipples clearly outlined beneath the dark lace.

With an appreciative sigh he lowered his lips back to hers, kissing her deeply once more. His hand closed over her breast once again, now only her lace bra separated her flesh from his. Eventually his lips dropped to her neck again, his teeth nipping at her flesh.

"Oh," she panted, electricity shooting along her nerves.

"You're a hot little one, aren't you?" Tom whispered in her ear.

The only response she could manage was a soft whimper.

As he continued to kiss and nip at her neck his hand slid from one breast to the other, cupping and massaging this aching mound through her bra as well.

Janet's sex had been damp all night . . . ever since pleasuring Jack. Now it was rapidly growing wet. And as Tom continued to toy with her the wetness grew heavier. The fires being stoked within her loins made her legs start scissoring back and forth, her knees bending, her hips wriggling. The movements caused her skirt to ride up, piling around her hips, steadily exposing more and more of her flesh. Soon it barely covered her crotch, allowing brief glimpses of her panties as she twisted and squirmed.

Tom shifted beside her. She suddenly felt something rigid against her fidgeting leg. With a hungry whimper she shoved her leg against him.

She no longer thought about the party, or the people upstairs. Her body's raging hunger wouldn't allow it. Nor would it let her worry about being missed by her husband. It made her forget all of those things and only focus on the hunger roaring within her. Focus on the feel of Tom's hand on her breast . . . his delicate kisses and nipping teeth . . . the stiff cock pressing against her thigh.

She was lost to anything else. Only the moment . . . the here and the now . . . mattered.

Tom unhooked the front clasp of her bra. The lacy garment fell away, her breasts rolling free. Cool air swirled over their simmering flesh and throbbing nipples. His hand covered one tit, its touch hot and tantalizing as it fondled the pliant mound directly.

Tropical winds gusted through her, fanning her fires and making her moan. One of her hands dropped down and dove between them to scratch needily at his bulge.

"Yes, you are a hot one," Tom sighed happily. "You like a stiff cock."

Whimpering she continue to grope at his pulsing cock.

Tom slowly kissed his way down to brush his lips across the tops of her breasts. Then, cupping one firm mound he kissed his way to the nipple. With his lips hovering just above the swollen bud his tongue flickered out and swiped it a few times.

"Oh," she moaned. Her body arched, offering herself to him.
