 We finally get a night out. The kid is at the neighbors for the night and we can finally be adults for a few hours. Being stuck with a kid all day long, every day, I know I have some penned up frustrations as did my husband.

We decided to try a new place for dinner. Yes! there's a bar too... I'm in. I could use a few drinks to unwind. 

A couple drinks in, we finally get seated. By then feeling a slight buzz, I'm not really interested in eating anymore. Our waitress comes to take our order. Holy shit, she's freaking hot. Long brown hair, pulled up. Gorgeous blue eyes, lightly tanned and perky breasts that could be cupped perfectly in my hand.

I hoped she didn't notice me staring at her cleavage, too late. They both were looking at me as if I had six eyes. I was mortified. 

I gave her my order and barely glanced at her face out of embarrassment. After taking his order, she turned to leave and gave me a quick wink and a smile.

I wondered if he saw that but gave no indication that he had. I relaxed a bit, ate some dinner. There was small talk between us and a little bit of flirting. Each time that waitress would walk by she'd give me a mischievous grin and sometimes a glance up and down. Was she really into me or just wanting a tip?

"I think that waitress is flirting with you." He said, grinning a little. "Nah, she probably just wants a tip." I laughed it off and went to the restroom before we left.

No sooner did I close the door, it opened back up. It was her. "Are you two wanting dessert tonight?" Thinking that was a weird question to be asking me in the restroom, I stuttered when I said I didn't think so. "Oh, too bad because I get off work in about 5 minutes." She winked and started to walk out. "If that's what you mean, then I think maybe we are interested in some dessert!"

I jotted the address down for the hotel. "We should be there in about 10 minutes, feel free to drop by." I tucked the slip of paper down between her boobs and walked out.

On the way to the hotel he notices the grin from ear to ear. "What's that about?"

"Nothing." I giggled. "You'll see."

A half a glass of wine back at the room, there was a knock at the door. He immediately looks at me as if to accuse me of being up to something. I just smiled and opened the door.

Inside, I was nervous, but the wine helped steady my nerves on the outside when I introduced them. 

I looked at him to see what sort of reaction he was going to give me. "This is Becca, from the restaurant." He looked puzzled yet, not sure why she was there. "She brought us dessert." I chuckled. "I mean, unless you aren't hungry..." I walked around behind her and started unbuttoning her blouse. His eyes got big. I could tell he didn't want to be interested in this but the bulge in the front of his jeans was saying differently. I kept going revealing the satin black of her bra. "Eh, you don't have to do this..." He assures her and I both. "I know." She smiled and pulled me around to her front. Her hands start to glide up under my shirt.

I glance to him to make sure he is ok with this. By now, he has the covers kicked off. He gave a reassuring nod to come over to the bed. 

"I want you two to get all the way undressed, but leave on your panties." He said with a kind of dominance that I have never heard from him before. I was impressed and quite turned on now.

"I just want to watch for a minute. Becca, lay down and Trina, I want you to start going down on her." We did as he said. I shimmied her panties off her. It's been so long since I have tasted a woman; I've missed it. Although we just met, I don't mind... She's shaved and smells nice... and tastes so sweet. Clearly, this is turning him on, its obvious by the protrusion of his boxers. 

I'm peeking over her hip, watching him look at her... look at me. Seeing him get aroused has got my juices flowing.

"Stop... now switch... I want to see your face buried in her." Becca sits up, her breasts bounce, she smiles her sexy half grin and switches places but not before giving me the hottest girl/girl kiss I have ever had... Holy shit, I am ready to start fucking someone soon! She pulls my panties from my hips and gives them a sniff before tossing them to the floor.

Becca is licking my clit staring up at me at the same time... I can't help but lay back and enjoy this. 

He's apparently done just watching. I opened my eyes to see his cock right by my mouth. I am still in amazement that this is even happening and I'm feeling a little awkward. I grab his cock with both hands and start to circle the head and tip with my tongue. He reaches over to hold her head down to my pussy. Damn, she is good at this... I am loving this.

"I want you both sucking my cock..." 

Becca slinks her way up beside me, our faces just inches apart... we begin kissing and he slips his cock between us to share. Kissing, licking and sucking...hands stroking and caressing. His hands gripping tight to our hair. Our movements all seem so in sync with each other's.

He pulls away slowly, motioning her to roll over. "I want to fuck you." Becca looks at him with a "please do" smile.

He gently separates her tan legs with the backs of his hands, looking at me waiting for the approval. I give him the 'go ahead' by spreading her pussy open. His hands holding her legs up, he begins to teaser her tapping her clit with the tip of his cock... going between my mouth and her clit... my spit lubing them both.

He starts fucking her slow at first while I suck her nipples... those pretty, pink nipples...

I climb over her, my breasts which are considerably larger than hers, lay against her. He is fucking us both. Thrusting into her then into me... her juices and mine mixing perfectly. His hands gripping my hips, our smooth pussy lips rubbing together with every push into us. Our breasts bouncing together... tongues darting back and forth. 

Each time in, I'm closer to gushing; I'm so close. She starts pushing her hips up heating things up even more! Her kissing is getting more assertive. She's close too, I can tell. I grind harder and harder knowing we're both about to go any second. She lets out a loud moan, there it is! He slams deep into me, "Oh my gooooooodddd...!" I gush... There's so much all over us... 

"Where do you want this?" He continues to pound into me. "Figure it out soon, I am almost there!"

Still half dazed from the eruption of orgasms, Becca and I both sit up and begin licking our own flavors from his cock...

He gives one long groan and his body stiffens up... "I'm cumming!" 

We start lapping it up hungrily... but not fast enough. Its dripping off our chins and in our hair. 

She got the worst of it. I batted my eyes at him and grabbed her face with both hands licking his cum from her lips.