 CHAPTER 6. "INVESTMENT"

-*- Sunday, June 27, 2010 -*-

-*- Kansas City, Missouri -*-

EIGHT YEARS AGO // FLASHBACK

Attending a major league baseball game at Kauffman Stadium on the outskirts of Kansas City has always been enjoyable for me as a sports fan and even more therapeutic as a human being. On a muggy summer afternoon or a crisp autumn evening, nothing quite compares to the sights and sounds of a major league baseball game and all the many spectacles that one has to offer.

The grass, fresh-cut, and verdant green. The dirt, soft, silky, and perfectly manicured. The vendors going up-and-down the aisles, each with their unique and loud, boisterous personalities, wanting you to purchase a snack or a cold beverage from them. The unmistakable, delicious scent of overpriced hot dogs and peanuts wafting through the air and permeating your senses. Seeing the star athletes that you invest your time and enthusiasm in as a fan, stretching and exercising, and feeling the anticipation all around you as the game begins and they get down to business.

Hearing the pop of a screaming fastball hitting the catcher's glove. The timeless crack of a bat and watching in full speed as the baserunner stretches a double into a triple. The energy of the crowd. _Umpire, no! Bad call! He was SAFE!_ Fans yelling chants and taunts toward the opposing team while their own supporters in the stands give it right back.

And then, of course, there's one truly magical moment that can make the memory of any baseball game on a random June afternoon last for an entire lifetime - catching your first foul ball.

I've been a season ticket holder of the Royals since 1997 and usually go to about 40 to 50 of the 81 home games they play every year. I'd go more often if I could, but it was difficult to find time with work being so hectic and busy. I had three seats behind the first base (home) dugout. When they were in the mood, I'd happily go with my brother and/or sister. My nephew, when he was younger, was once my partner-in-crime. Sharing a season ticket and going with Dad had always been special. Hell, I went to several games with Ryker, and even encouraged him to bring his latest girlfriend along (although sometimes, Ryker would have a new girlfriend by the end of the game).

But, as of late, I'd simply go alone.

Today, however, I went to the Royals' game with Alexa Matthews. (!!)

Call me biased, but there isn't a more beautiful baseball stadium in the world than the one you'll find in Kansas City, Missouri. I miss the old waterfalls in the outfield stands from back in the day, but still, nothing even comes close to Kauffman Stadium. It is truly the crown jewel of all professional ballparks.

Often when I'd go to see the Royals play, I'd make a new friend or two. Kansas City is a friendly town and Kauffman Stadium almost always has more empty seats than it does spectators (except when the Cardinals were in town like today). Thus, the setting felt intimate. I was on a buddy-buddy, first name basis with several of the longtime season ticket holders in my section behind the Royals' dugout. I'd even been known to give and/or trade tickets with the people next to me on occasion (say I needed five seats for a particular game instead of three, or vice-versa). We worked together as a team, even an actual family. Because that's what this great town felt like to me. A family.

Oh, I knew my beloved Royals would never win a World Series again. I remember jumping up and down, screaming, when they won it all in 1985. I was a kid back then, just 11. Hope was supposed to spring eternal with every new season and, for me, for a long time, it did. But as I've gotten older and wiser throughout the years, I understand the flawed economic system that baseball now has in its present-day and age, and that small-market teams like the Royals are simply doomed to fail. Every season. I know they're going to lose close to 100 games again this year. It's a foregone conclusion.

No matter. They're still my team and I'll always support them.

But today was incredibly fun. And memorable.

Not only did the Royals go on to defeat the Cardinals - that hated squad from across the state who seemed to be in the hunt for a championship every year (damn them!) - but they did it convincingly by a score of 10-3.

The three-day weekend series was a big deal across town. Everyone had been clamoring for tickets and me, personally, with my season passes, there was no chance in _Hell_ that I'd miss any of these three games. Watching those nasty, wretched Cardinals bow down to my Royals never got old. Just like 1985, when Kansas City won the World Series in seven games over them.

I had Friday, Saturday, and Sunday off from work, and it was perfect. There were no meetings scheduled at the hospital and none of my patients had been admitted there. The Sporting Gods were smiling, rewarding me for my unwavering allegiance. My whole universe, at least for this one specific weekend, was going to revolve around Kauffman Stadium and my hometown team. I could act like a kid again.

But then, I met Alexa the Wednesday before.

When was the last time _I_ took a date here to the old ballyard? I went to a game last summer with Mackenzie Velazquez, but that was strictly as friends, and it certainly wasn't a date. I wasn't interested in her that way. Was it really my ex-fiancée, Suzi Singleton, all the way back in 2004?

Yet there I was, behind the first base dugout, with my personal, private Miss America by my side. How did I even notice the game? Alexa was snuggled beside me the whole time, sipping mineral water and eating popcorn. She had on a saucy, little white tank-top and a tiny pair of blue mesh shorts that had a tied drawstring in front and the Royals' logo on her left hip. Those shorts flattered Alexa perfectly and were quite the scintillating sight in the hot, sticky summer heat.

Best of all, I got to stare at her bare legs for three hours.

Alexa giggled and talked with me nonstop throughout the game, tossing in what seemed like an endless array of kisses at the most random and pleasurable of times. Not only was she a total sweetheart, but Alexa was incredibly affectionate and kissy-feely. I had zero complaints. This was just our fifth day together and third as a _committed couple,_ but I was ready to raid the bank account and buy her the world's most dazzling engagement ring. Oh, I was more than ready. Yet I held back on that urge, mostly because Ryker threatened to break both my legs if I didn't ("You just met her, man!").

Hell, I was so head-over-heels, and Alexa had knocked me off my feet so much during these five days that I didn't even know the results of the games from Friday and Saturday. I'd only been looking forward to this series _all year,_ you know. Did the Royals win? Did they defeat those powerful, big, bad bullies from St. Louis? I had no idea, and quite honestly, didn't care.

My weekend was devoted entirely to Alexa.

And I wanted her to be my entire existence.

We were only here at the baseball game right now because last night, when I picked Alexa up at Cloud City Square after she'd gotten off from work, I casually made mention that I was a sports fan and owned season tickets for the Royals. Alexa piped up with curious interest almost immediately and asked if we could go to the game tomorrow. Sunday, today.

"I don't really care to watch sports all that much on television, but I LOVE going to the games. I haven't been to many, but can we go tomorrow? PLEEEEEASE? I'm off and don't have to work again until Tuesday. "

Ummmmm...

"HE WAS OUT!" Alexa screeched toward an umpire at one point when a call didn't go the Royals' way. She stood up from her seat with conviction, her ponytail whipping about in the wind, and cupped both hands around her mouth. "BOO! BOOOOO! You need new glasses, ump!" And an instant later, she sat back down and turned to me with a happy, vibrant smile, and laughed.

All part of going to the game. The experience.

As the bottom of the eighth inning got underway with the Royals comfortably leading 7-2, Alexa and I had been getting teased by foul balls all day as they landed in our general vicinity. I'd never snagged a foul ball during all the thousands of games I'd gone to dating all the way back to my childhood years. Catching a foul ball seemed like the holy grail to me.

A myth.

But then Scott Posednik of the Royals came to the plate and took a massive swing on the fourth pitch he saw from St. Louis' Adam Ottavino.

At first, the ball didn't really look like it was going to reach the stands. It was catapulted high into the bright, summertime sky as if it had been shot out of a cannon. But it began to drift closer and my eyes grew large as nearly everyone in our section stood up with eager anticipation.

I reached up with my right arm into the sea of hands. There was a momentary scrum, and soon I felt something smack my open palm with great velocity. Instinctively my fingers clenched and, before I knew it, I had a little piece of baseball history - Royals history - in my grasp.

I instantly became a 10-year-old again, if just for a few seconds, as I stared at the worn piece of rawhide in my hand. Did I actually catch the damn thing bare-handed? _Wow._ My hand was in pain; it stung badly. But it was fine. I used to bring my glove here even when Dad and I sat way up in the upper deck. One night when we had decent seats, I came close. But some big, drunken goof hopped in front of me at a 1990 game and stole the foul ball that was coming straight for my glove. I was furious for the remainder of the day.

It took 36 years, but I'd finally caught my first foul ball. Today! An older gentleman - Mike - patted me on the back from behind and proclaimed, "Good catch, Colt! They ought to sign you up!"

And without even thinking about it, or paying any attention to the sudden, excited buzz in our section, I handed the ball to Alexa. I wanted it to belong to her.

Alexa gasped and brought her opposite hand to her mouth, shocked that I'd do such a thing. I just told her a few innings prior of the foul ball that was literally stolen from me in 1990 and how angry I was about it back then.

Alexa stared at the ball for several seconds as I insisted she take it. Soon, I received a gracious hug for my kindness. The whole stadium, it seemed, came alive with applause. Huh?

Yet a moment later, Alexa saw a young boy, probably age 10 or so, with his eyes transfixed on that ball in her hand. He had his Royals gear on and a mitt on his left hand, not to mention that look of _so close, yet so far away_ etched across his sad, frustrated face. I knew the feeling all too well.

For an instant, Alexa locked eyes with the boy.

She then turned to look at me.

I smiled and gently nodded my head.

Alexa gave the ball to the young boy. The stadium erupted. A random act of kindness from a truly incredible young lady.

As Alexa laughed and held back the tears while the young fan and his father thanked her profusely, I looked up and noticed something extraordinary. _Oh, that's why the crowd is creating such a loud, decibel roar._ Alexa and I, along with the boy and his father, were on the big-screen video board way out beyond center field! Had these past few seconds of our lives been broadcast to the masses?

The brilliant, glittering image on the scoreboard zoomed in on Alexa, who was so overcome with emotion from the boy's gracious and joyous reaction that she had to wipe tears from her cheeks. There was no way that she could've continued to hold them in. Also, Alexa had zero idea that she was on the big board. The sold-out crowd saw what she'd done, though, and they gave her a loud, rousing ovation. That, and because she looked like Miss America.

Alexa was confused at all the adulation until I pointed toward center field. She looked out and then screamed wildly, totally embarrassed to be the focal point of the stadium right now (and probably live sporting televisions across the Midwest). She immediately buried her face upon my shoulder, seeking refuge in her own patented, cute way. The crowd laughed in unison.

Yep. I so wanted to marry this girl one day.

* * *

It was back to the heavy grind on Monday morning as I returned to work - my medical practice in Cordova - a good 20- to 25-minute drive from Lake Serenity. Mondays were always rough, but I had a new lease on life now and, for the first time in six years, there was a light at the end of the proverbial tunnel each day. I stayed focused on the task at hand by caring for all my various patients as best I could, but I cannot deny that my body was thrumming with desire and anticipation at the mere thought of going on yet another date with Alexa at 6:30pm tonight.

Which meant that I could only stay over an hour if I wanted to get home and make our date on time. I tried to keep the line moving throughout the day and even skipped my lunch break to buy myself extra leeway, but I didn't go so far as to skimp on any of my patients or their needs. I wouldn't be much of a physician if I did. I was detailed in their care and diagnosis, like always, and followed through on every minor thing.

Janae called first thing this morning and tried to pry any information she could get out of me concerning my weekend with Alexa. My big sister had high hopes for us already, saying that she hadn't heard me this energized and optimistic in several years about a woman and the possibilities we had together. Janae squealed with delight when I told her that I already wanted to marry Alexa. She also insisted that I bring Alexa to Cedar Grove so she could meet her.

I was supposed to go to a Royals' game this past weekend with Dad (or two or all three), but that obviously didn't happen. Dad didn't mind once I told him I'd met someone special and would be focusing all my time and effort into her, though. He was cool with it. My whole family was excited, quite honestly, and hoping for the best. Dad said we'd just go to another game in the future.

Karen Vreeland, who'd been my primary, go-to nurse here for the past five years, came out of exam room five and plopped some documents down on the counter as I studied medical information on the computer. I looked up and found that she was smirking with quite the mischievous look, which was very uncharacteristic for her.

"I've never seen you like this, doc," Karen said with pure amusement in her eyes. "You've had a smile on your face from the moment you walked in here this morning that reaches from one end of the county line to the other. You're always... so strict, and professional. I... I kind of like this side of you."

"I've never felt like this way before."

"You seeing whomever-this-gal-is again tonight?" Karen was an older woman with three grown sons and a loving, devoted husband, and I got the feeling from these past five years of working with her that she was someone I could confide in if needed. For a few minutes bright and early this morning, I told Karen how Alexa had flipped my world upside-down in such a short amount of time.

"You know I dated Suzi for three years and was even engaged to her, and I suppose you could say that she was my deepest, truest love," I told Karen earlier. "Or at least I thought it was love because now I'm not quite so sure. Because in the three years that I dated Suzi, I never thought about her even ONE-TENTH as much - or as deeply - as I've thought about Alexa in the previous five days. Especially in the last FOUR days."

"I'm not trying to say that I'm in love with Alexa." Even though, you know, I was. "I think what I'm trying to say is that being with Alexa these past couple of days has shown me that I've never really been in love at all." Until now.

Karen laughed and patted me on the wrist. "My husband and I had a whirlwind romance of our own way back when. Even before you were born, doc. We dated for two months and got married." She smiled. "Been happily married for 38 years now and counting and have seven grandbabies. I love George just as much as I did the day I married him."

In the present moment, my technician came out of exam room two and pointed at its door, indicating that a patient was waiting and had been prepped to see me. I held up a single finger at the technician, Tracie, as I grinned at Karen.

"Bet your bottom dollar that I'm seein' Alexa again tonight. We're actually going the movies."

"Oooooh! That sounds like fun. I haven't been to the movies in ages."

"I better go check and see who's waiting for me in exam room two. Duty calls. We can talk about my new girl later, Karen." And with that, I turned and sauntered off toward the closed door with an energetic hop in my step. "Oh, hi Irene!" I said seconds later to one of my sweetest, elderly patients, and possibly the nicest. "It's so great to see you again!"

The 86-year-old cancer survivor (twice over) waved a bony, crooked finger my way. "My husband said he saw you on television yesterday during the ball game. Was that you, Dr. McCarron? Said you caught a foul ball in the stands, but I didn't believe him. Douglas can be a crazy old hoot at times!"

I chuckled. "It actually was me, Irene. It was."

"Oh, really? Douglas also said a pretty young girl was there with you, too?" I nodded my head and grinned cheerfully before Irene then added, "I didn't know you had a daughter, Dr. McCarron!"

_WHAT?_

My eyes widened in shock and my heart plummeted within my chest. Damn, that sure didn't help with the age difference thing.

"Why didn't you tell me you had a daughter?"

Sometime later in the afternoon, I was reviewing patient files in my office and lifted my eyes at the sound of a hard, forceful knock on the door.

"Come on in." I was surprised to see Ryker, a fellow internist and my best friend, open the door. His practice was closed on Mondays, so this was his day off.

"Hey, man. So sorry I didn't call beforehand and let you know I was coming... but yeah, man, I wanted to see your ugly face." Ryker strolled in, his muscles on full display underneath the veil of a polo shirt and cargo shorts. He swung his arm out and clasped hands with me, his bicep bulging and straining. "How's it going?"

"Good, Ryker. Real good."

Karen never seemed to care for Ryker and his surprise visits like this, but Tracie - usually very reserved and straitlaced - lit up like Times Square whenever she was anywhere near him. And became incredibly tight-lipped and flustered. Tracie had a massive crush on Ryker, but I doubt he'd ever even noticed her. She wasn't the type of woman that Ryker routinely hung out with.

No, she was way too nice... too friendly and sweet. In a way, I was glad Ryker never seemed to notice Tracie. If they got together, he'd break her heart in an instant. Wouldn't even give her a second thought after he got what he wanted.

"That's the most gorgeous man I've ever seen," Tracie told me one day in a hushed, embarrassed whisper, as Ryker left the building. She continued staring, her mouth literally agape until his car disappeared off into traffic moments later.

He had that effect on most women, it seemed.

I motioned toward a chair for Ryker to sit down in and relax. "I'll have a patient ready in five, but I can talk for a few. What brings you here?"

Ryker rubbed at the afternoon scruff on his chin. The usual glint of _always-up-to-no-good_ in his eyes and demeanor seemed to fade away into an expression and aura of grave concern.

"What's up, bud?" I saved my work on the laptop and powered it down, giving him my full attention. How many times had Ryker shot me a serious and worried look like that right off the bat? Not very often, trust me. "Is there anything wrong?"

Ryker's lips quickly transitioned to a huge grin. "Nah, man. I stopped by to make sure you hadn't closed up shop early for the day and ran off to buy an engagement ring for that 18-year-old chick of yours you met FIVE. DAYS. AGO."
