 Chapter 2. "Origins"

-*- Wednesday, June 23, 2010 -*-

-*- Cordova, Kansas -*-

EIGHT YEARS AGO // FLASHBACK

----------------------------------

Here's a helpful hint for this novel to help avoid any confusion: Each chapter takes place in a different time and place than the one before it. Chapter 1 was set in November 2018 whereas chapter 2 -- this one - takes place eight years prior in June 2010. So, this chapter is a "flashback" and explores a past event... thus the story title, Recollections.

This will be a recurring theme throughout the book.

Always pay attention to the date stamp at the start of each new chapter and timelines will be easy to follow.

----------------------------------

It'd been a long, tiring day at the office and, praise to the high Heavens above, it was finally time to go home. Today was Wednesday, which meant I just had to get through tomorrow and whatever came along with it here at my medical practice, and I'd have the following three days off. I didn't have any patients in the hospital right now (although that could change at any given second) and no meetings scheduled there downtown Friday. All in all, I was looking forward to a peaceful and relaxing three-day weekend and perhaps spending a little time hanging out with my father.

I suppose most people don't realize it, but the amount of paperwork that physicians are forced to do on a daily basis is totally out of control. I spend at least half my shift not in examination rooms with my patients, but rather, filling out paperwork. Even when I _am_ with a patient, a third of the visit involves me doing - you guessed it - paperwork. At home, even after the supposed workday has ended, I often review and sign off on my mid-level's notes and changes, look at lab results, perform administrative duties and answer all my professional e-mails.

But this was it for today. My final patient left 90 minutes ago, yet I'd still been stuck at work inputting and reviewing information on the electronic health record (EHR) system. At long last, I was done. And wow, did my head hurt. I felt like a zombie. Did I really go through all those years of medical school and extensive training just so I could fill out mounds of paperwork? It seemed endless at times! Never mind the fact that the task itself was about as stimulating as trying to shove a stethoscope up my nose.

I grabbed my lab coat from the closet and exhaled a weary breath. Man, I was tired. I couldn't wait to hit the road and finally get out of the office.

I apologize if I come across as sounding negative. I'm simply venting out a little frustration is all.

But before I left, I noticed that the daily sports page of the local newspaper was lying upon the end table and I was reminded (thanks to the big, bold headline) of the Kansas City Royals' 4-3 defeat at the hands of the Washington Nationals last evening (6/22/2010). Wins sure had been scarce as of late. I was quite the avid baseball fan and had pledged my sports soul to the Royals, my hometown team, long ago. They would forever be my favorite, and I'd support them to no end. But I felt as if they were never going to win the World Series again, let alone make the postseason. The Royals hadn't even sniffed the playoffs since winning it all in 1985 (when I was a mere 11) and were well on their way to losing 95 to 100 games again this season.

Just once more in my lifetime, I'd like to see the Royals win the World Series. _Just once._ Is that too much to ask? I was too young to fully understand and appreciate the significance of their championship in 1985. But with the way baseball (and sports in general) is nowadays, with its economics, and the smaller market teams like Kansas City struggling to achieve and then maintain long-term success, I figured another Royals' World Series championship wouldn't happen in my lifetime. No way, no how. Still, I'd buy my season tickets each year and go to several of their games. I was forever a fan -- a bona fide diehard - and friends and family members alike knew it.

But baseball and sports aside, all I could really think about right now was hopping into my brand-new _Chevrolet Camaro_ and driving down the street to _Huggamug Café,_ where I'd indulge myself with an iced caramel macchiato and a doughnut muffin. Oh, that sounded so good. Doughnut muffins were always in demand (and often sold out), and I deserved a sweet reward after such a hard day at work. A happy death by sugar, they were mini muffins that tasted like cinnamon sugar doughnut holes, with the restaurant's not-so-secret ingredient being nutmeg.

After I exited the building and locked its door, I began walking toward my car in the parking lot and noticed that there was what appeared to be a broken-down vehicle along the main roadway. Oh, wow. Was that a _Mercury Tracer?_ I hadn't seen one of them in years. My mother had a Mercury Tracer back when I was a teenager which, with my age now being 36, seemed like eons ago.

But what really caught my eye was the young woman standing next to the car, busily chatting away on her cell phone. _Who... are YOU?_ She was, without a doubt, the most beautiful girl I'd ever seen in my entire life. She couldn't be any taller than 5-foot-2, if that, and probably weighed a hundred pounds soaking wet, but just her mere presence was captivating and totally dominated my attention. Seriously, was there a beauty pageant in town that I wasn't aware of?

What exactly did we have here? I had to take a closer look. A teenager? A student at the University of Kansas, perhaps? Or Kansas State? Whatever the case, the young lady made eye contact with me for a split-second and flashed a sweet, friendly smile, then averted her gaze back to the car just as quickly. What, the shy type? Upon closer inspection, I suddenly realized that the Mercury Tracer itself had a flat tire.

I strolled over to my Camaro and almost got in, all the while fighting the urge to offer my assistance (I could've been twice that girl's age, for crying out loud!), but ultimately couldn't resist. I had to at least see what was going on. My eyes drifted down that stretchy halter-top, over her slinky, faded denim cutoff shorts, to her wondrously sexy backside and muscular, yet slim legs. _God, almighty!_ How could I pass this opportunity up? I tossed my lab coat onto the hood of the Camaro and began to make my way over to Miss America.

"Merissa, I need you and Grayson to get over here to Cordova and help me with this flat tire!" she whined into her cellular device, unaware that I was approaching. "I'm scared! I have no idea how to change one. Wait! What do you mean you're in Cloud City?" She seemed quite frantic and upset. "That's 45 minutes away! What am I supposed to do?"

This time when our eyes met, all the noise of rush-hour traffic muted and the world around me vanished into thin air, and all I saw was _her._ This beautiful, gorgeous girl. _Oh, Jesus._ Our eyes stayed locked for a good ten seconds. At least. Fireworks shot off within my core and exploded through my entire being. The sensation caused a feeling I hadn't experienced in many, many years. Desire... red-hot flames. This was, I soon realized, the most charged up I'd ever felt. It trumped everything before it mainly because this girl trumped everything I'd ever known, period. My body seemed as if it was made of electricity instead of it simply zapping through me.

I was attracted to this girl. Oh, was I ever. Yet at this point in my life, with the unfortunate things that had happened in the past, I accepted the fact long ago that I'd forever be a bachelor. It was just the way things were. Of my siblings, I was the only one not married. Seriously, I hadn't even been on a date - let alone had a girlfriend - in well over two years. It was all by choice, mind you. No one had really interested me enough in quite a long time.

Until now, I suppose...

"Afternoon there, miss." I waved my hand and tried to come across as friendly as possible. "Need any help?" Hell, I could change a flat tire in my sleep. It wouldn't take any effort at all. I grew up on a farm and was used to working on old cars, trucks, and tractors. My father taught me well when I was younger.

"Oh, no." The phone was still pressed to her ear as she shook her head vehemently. The poor girl seemed nervous. Then again, she probably wasn't accustomed to some random, middle-aged man coming up and talking to her. Right? She probably thought that I was close to social security. "Thank you so much, but I'm okay. My friend and her boyfriend are going to be here any minute now to help me."

"Any minute now? Really?" I retorted without even thinking. "I overheard you say that they're all the way over in Cloud City? That's a long way away." The girl gulped her throat and looked at me with a desperate, yet also guilty expression. Was she scared that I might be a creep? That I may do something heinous to her? I'd never hurt anyone in all my 36 years, nor did I plan to start here. "Let me help you. PLEASE? Then you can be on your way. No strings attached." I held my hands up and prayed she realized that I meant no harm. Or had any ulterior motives. I just wanted to be a good citizen because this girl clearly needed assistance.

"Some guy is offering to help me." Her eyes assessed me from head to toe as she spoke into her phone. Did I look like a creep? Nah, not having just left my medical office. I looked like a professional. _Too professional and too straitlaced,_ friends and family members alike would often criticize (especially my sister). The girl's gaze lingered long enough for me to notice her effervescent, sky-blue eyes, as well as those puffy, sexy lips that were making it difficult for me to think straight.

But what was wrong with me? I was way too old for this girl. Was she even legal? I wasn't sure. The ABSOLUTE, LAST thing I needed was to get mixed up with an underage girl. I enjoy my freedom way too much. _Look and admire, but don't touch._ And certainly, no matter what, _don't become infatuated._

Dear Lord, what was that perfume she had on? Aromatic notes of jasmine, citron, amber, and patchouli flooded my senses when I closed the distance between us, and it made me imagine, just for an instant, Miss America in a little black dress and stilettos. Because that seductive perfume seemed to go well with the image.

I vigorously shook my head, attempting to get a grip on my senses. _Pull it together, Colt, and start acting your age._ "I can have you back on the road in 15 minutes, provided you have a spare tire. Just let me help? Please?" I couldn't leave her here all by her lonesome, right? Some deranged lunatic could come along and do God-knows-what to her. I'd hear about it on the news tomorrow and ultimately spend the rest of eternity hating myself for not doing the right thing.

"I do have a spare tire..." Her voice sounded so delicate, so sweet, that I wanted to envelop Miss America in my arms and promise her that everything would be okay. I'd take care of her. Oh, I wanted to hug her so much! Obviously, I held back.

But only because I had to.

"I insist. Please let me help."

She slowly nodded her head and then spoke into her smartphone, "Listen, Merissa. I'll call you back. Yeah, this guy is going to help. I don't know. I know, I know. I'll be fine. I'll call you in 20 minutes. Okay? Love you. Merissa, don't worry! Bye." And with that, she ended the call and put her smartphone away in her purse.

"Friend of yours?" Merissa? What a pretty name. But what was her name? Miss America's?

"Yeah." There was a brief smile, but then her gorgeous, sparkling eyes filled with frustration and despair. "I was driving along this road here and, all of a sudden, heard this loud pop. It was my tire. I think it's blown out completely."

Oh, it was blown out. That's for sure. It looked punctured. "How long you've been stranded here?"

"30 minutes. I'd call my mom and dad, but they're taking a much-needed vacation down in Mexico."

"You said you have a spare. Do you have wheel wedges, a jack?"

She pouted. Big time. "I... don't know?"

"I have all the necessary tools in my own car." No matter what, I'd have Miss America back on the road. Even if it meant having to purchase something myself from the auto parts store down the street to do it. "How about you turn your hazard lights on and make certain the parking brake is applied? Pop the trunk so I can get the spare too. I'll get everything else I need from my car." I smiled, wanting to quell her anxiety. "Don't worry. Relax. I've done this a million times. You'll be back on the road in 15 minutes."

She offered a shy, timid smile. "Okay."

Moments later, after I'd raised the vehicle with the jack and was loosening the tire's lug nuts, what's-her-name settled down beside me on the curb and seemed a little less tense. Perhaps she finally realized that all I wanted was to help her.

The frenzied hustle and bustle of early-evening traffic buzzed by in front of us.

"You didn't have to do this, you know." She reached out, very tentatively, and brushed a single fingertip along the fabric of my blue dress shirt. Near my left kidney. "Your clothes are going to get dirty being down here. They're... nice clothes. I... I don't... want that."

"It's no problem."

As a doctor, it'd been ingrained in me over the years to always take care of others and their needs before my own. Plus, my parents raised me that way. Honestly, how could I have left this spellbinding blonde with the plump, juicy lips and strands of silky hair tumbling in front of her eyes all alone to fend for herself with a broken-down vehicle? Especially with her only other chance of help being 45 minutes away in Cloud City? Being so young, I figured she didn't have the money to call for a tow truck. I vividly remember how limited money was for me when I was her age.

"I really appreciate it. You have no idea how much." The girl hesitated for a moment, watching me intently as I did my work, then those pretty eyes seemed to focus elsewhere. She glanced at the big sign out in front of my medical office.

_Dr. Colton McCarron, D.O._

_Primary Care & Internal Medicine Clinic_

_Office Hours: Monday - Thursday, 7:00am-5:00pm_

_(913) xxx-xxxx_

_Accepting New Patients_

"Are you a doctor?" was her next question. "I saw you come out of there with that white coat on."

"I am. Name's Colton... but everyone calls me Colt."

"Alexa. Alexa Matthews. Thank you for helping me."

"My pleasure." She seemed gracious for what was, in my eyes, a simple act. An act of human kindness and decency. "Alexa Matthews? Now I can put a name with the face. That solves one mystery, at least."

Alexa giggled gently. "What does the D.O. after your name mean? On the sign in front of the office, that is?"

"Just medical terminology, really. It means that I'm a Doctor of Osteopathic Medicine - a D.O. It's slightly different than an M.D., or medical doctor, because the training itself is different. A D.O. is an osteopathic physician, while an M.D. is a medical doctor or an allopathic physician."

Those words flew right over her head. And rightfully so. _Not everyone speaks your language, my man._

"Perhaps I could better explain it by saying that osteopathy takes a WHOLE-BODY approach to medicine. More like a natural, holistic approach, which is a bit different than how a traditional medical doctor goes about things." Alexa still didn't seem to understand, which shouldn't have been one bit surprising to me. I always had trouble explaining exactly what it is that I do when others have asked. Even to my own family, believe it or not. Thus, I decided to take the simplest route. "Basically, I take care of my patients and make them feel better."

"That much, I can get behind." Alexa smirked and nodded her head. "I've always thought that doctors are such great people."

Soon enough, I was mounting the spare tire on the lug bolts. "This isn't going to last very long, you know. I strongly suggest you take your car to a mechanic in the next day or two and have a new tire put on. Or buy a new tire yourself if you have a friend or relative who can put it on for you." Since her parents were out of town, I almost asked if she was able to afford a new tire and, if not, I was going to offer to buy her one myself. Right down the street at the auto parts store.

But that probably wouldn't give Alexa the best impression of me. In all likelihood, she'd think I wanted something out of her in return.

Honestly, I didn't. All I wanted was to help.

"I should be able to do that tomorrow." So much for that idea, huh? I was glad, actually. "I get my paycheck every Thursday from work."

"Oh yeah? Where do you work?"

"_Simpsons Outpost_ at Cloud City Square." If I'm not mistaken, that was a clothing store for women in the mall. My sister mentioned in the past that it was an excellent place to shop for the latest styles. "I'm a cashier. Been working there for the past year-and-a-half."

"Are you going to school? Saving for school?"

"I just graduated from high school last week." Did that mean Alexa was legal, at least? 18 or older? I sure hope so. "I'll be starting classes at the University of Kansas in the fall, though I don't quite know what my major is going to be yet." Alexa then smiled brightly. "You'll like this, Colt. I'm leaning toward a career in Medical Dietetics. Probably going to major in Molecular Biology to get that ball rolling but, as I said, still not quite sure yet. I want to be able to help others, too - just like you."

"You want to be an RDN? A Registered Dietitian Nutritionist?" At just the mere mention of any medical term, it always seemed like a light bulb went off over my head. Never failed. I was fascinated with all things medical. And Alexa wanted to get involved in the field itself? Oh, man. My attraction for her just doubled! "Medical Dietetics is a good line of work to get involved in. Has a good, strong future; its outlook. Hospitals, nursing home, they're always looking for a capable RDN. They're in high demand." I began tightening the bolts by hand. "Do you live in Cloud City?"

"I do, but my friend and I are staying with my aunt and uncle in Lake Serenity for a few weeks." Oh, really? Lake Serenity? I lived in a big, beautiful log cabin just off the coast in Lake Serenity. Right down from the country club. "Mom and Dad are on their vacation in Cozumel, so it's working out well, I think. Merissa and I graduated from high school last Friday, so I suppose this is our way of celebrating and indulging - staying in a nice house by the lake - before we start to think about college in the fall. My aunt and uncle have been so nice to us. It's been an amazing week so far."

"You'll enjoy college." I smiled as I remembered my own days in college. "Have fun and party but be sure to take your studies seriously. It's your life. Your future." Did I just come across sounding like a parent to her? _Oh, damn._ I really was turning into my father!

"I'm not the party type."

"Oh? What type are you, then?"

The girl's face turned a crimson shade of red. Was I embarrassing her somehow? This was small talk. I'd done it a million times in the past with women. It wasn't anything groundbreaking. "I just like to hang out with my best friend, Merissa, and my cat."

I raised a curious eyebrow. "Your... cat?"

She covered her mouth with her hand, yet a breathless groan slipped between her fingers regardless. Embarrassment, indeed. This girl was freaking adorable! I don't remember being interested in a woman right off the bat like this, but this blonde with the tight, gymnast-like figure piqued my interest. Of course, I realized that I was twice her age. Still, these past few minutes made me feel young again.

"Umm..." Her eyes studied my face as if she was debating the answer. "Yeah, my cat. His name is Matt. I've had him since I was four years old... 14 years ago." Alexa smiled again. The way she suddenly perked up when discussing her cat was incredibly cute. "Matt is the best cat in the whole, wide world!"
