 As Rebecca biked home in Noble Silence, she couldn't help but reflect on the first day of her weeklong meditation retreat in the south of France. In the spirit of her teachers' promulgations, she turned over each thought slowly, as if they were rocks.

The accommodations... really nice...

The teachers... knowing... almost... innately peaceful... yes...

The attendees... open-minded... so few single men... but the couples...

Involuntarily, her heart rate quickened. She tried to think of something else, anything else. "For one week Rebecca," she chastized herself, "just empty your mind."

When she had arrived at check-in that morning, the greeter had assigned her to the sessions for single women, families, and married couples. A feeling of gratitude had momentarily washed over her, pleased that she'd have no distractions.

But as she sat in silence during the day's subsequent meditation sessions, she couldn't help but steal an occasional surreptitious peek at her compatriots whenever her concentration waned.

"... poor kid, he must have been dragged along by his parents..."

"... someone should tell that girl the lotus position isn't the only way to sit..."

"... that couple over there is... hot... OK, stop... anything else..."

"... those parents are trying too hard... damn it... I should try harder..."

Rebecca hadn't done poorly, all things considered. She knew that her focus would improve measurably by the end of the week, that the first day was always the worst. But she noticed an odd pattern: every time she had succeeded in clearing away the brush of thoughts zipping across her mind, unspoken forces would inevitably rise up from the depths of her body and wordlessly take charge of her mind.

On several such occasions she couldn't help but cast a glance to her right, in the direction of the charming couple sitting effortlessly, apparently devoid of thought. The woman was poised elegantly, in a confident stance that belied experience. Her chestnut brown hair cascaded in waves over her shoulder and down her back, completely still. Her modest breasts stuck out attentively, as if beckoning for someone, anyone, to climb them. Rebecca couldn't help but assume that the woman's partner wouldn't hesitate to do so were he not so skilled at meditation himself. His arched back convincingly advertised his tall stature even in a sitting position, and his blonde hair had been coiffed perfectly without the slightest trace of a residual bounce.

"They must be in their late 30s," Rebecca thought to herself. "And their relationship is either rock solid or on the rocks..."

Rebecca's mind wandered further, conjuring up assumptions about the couple's relationship. She hoped it was solid. Solid enough that when the pair returned to their room later that night, their current inner calms would effortlessly give way to primal instincts. Him on top of her...

So lost in her imagination was she that she hadn't realized she was staring. The man suddenly shifted his posture and opened his eyes ever so briefly, but long enough to meet Rebecca's gaze. Embarrassed, she jerked her head forward again and scrunched her eyes shut. She tried to seem normal, but she felt her cheeks glowing red hot.

Later that night, as she locked up the bike and walked up the steps to the small room she had rented for the week, she tried not to think about the days ahead of her. Or the couple. Or anything.

"Noble Silence," she summoned with a whisper.

Next time she'd bring her own man. "Surely that would help," she thought sardonically as she laid herself down to sleep.

***

"Circle 4, please gather 'round," announced a retreat officiant in a softly projected voice. "The upcoming two hour session will focus on solitude among companions. The idea is that you should feel comfortable with silence in the company of your family or partner. As I call the names of those within the groups, please make your way to one of the small rooms surrounding this one. Those of you without a group should remain here for continued individual practice."

Thank God, Rebecca thought.

"Ongarra family, this way please."

With that couple in a room to themselves, she'd have it easy.

"Jill and Austin Haverford, second room on the left."

Now if she could just manage less lapses in concentration today than she did yesterday, she'd be pleased with herself.

"Adela and Nicolas de Gaulle, all the way to the end there."

"But excuse me," a low voice responded. "She's also with us."

In her peripheral vision, Rebecca saw a long finger pointed in her direction.

"I'm so sorry for the mistake," the official apologized, pen poised at the ready. "Madame, what is your name?"

It took a few seconds for Rebecca to process that this conversation was about her. Still not quite sure what was going on, she barely managed to reply, "Uh... Rebecca? Rebecca Sarkozy."

"Right. Please accompany your group to the end door there Rebecca, and please forgive my oversight. Next up, the Zimmermans... "

As if on autopilot, Rebecca made her way in the direction of the finger that had risen up and towards her. There the couple stood, patiently waiting for her. Their nonchalant gazes immediately betrayed a trace of hunger.

"We're so glad you could join us Rebecca. Please..." With a long outstretched arm, Nicolas invited Rebecca to join hands.

Interestingly, this odd chain of events had cleared Rebecca's mind more effectively than she had yet managed to accomplish herself. She felt as though she were dreaming, and the suddenness of this development had left her stunned beyond words or thought. As she floated towards their assigned room, the reality of the situation, and with it a wave of anticipation, surged from within.

***

The room behind the door was small. Big enough for four or five people to sit comfortably together, but only just. A glass light fixture glowed dimly above them, painting the white walls a soft incandescent orange. Aside from the light, the room was completely empty.

Lowering herself down on the black shag carpet as if to sit, Rebecca was pulled up suddenly by Adela's hands. She looked up to meet Adela's gaze.

"You can open the door and leave at any time Rebecca. But Nicolas saw the look in your eyes yesterday. Forgive me for being so forward, but you are clearly someone for whom void of mind is best inspired by filling the void between your legs."

The colorful, revealing red dress enveloping Rebecca's body slid down to a puddle on the floor. With gentle efficiency, Adela also unclasped the straps of Rebecca's bra before giving her white panties a quick downward yank. Rebecca waited for a sign that her companions would follow suit themselves, but for a few moments they simply eyed her greedily.

Circling her as a lion would her prey, Adela stopped behind Rebecca and pressed against her backside, sinking Rebecca's head deep between her breasts. Rebecca felt Adela's hands entangled in her hair, then move around her neck as if to choke her. But those hands soon continued their southward travels, grasping her breasts next with a violently firm hold. An explosive tug of her nipples was all it took for Rebecca to close her eyes in exhiliration, a sharp moan escaping from her throat.

"This is how you find inner peace darling," Adela whispered in her ear.

Rebecca just nodded, opening her eyes long enough to meet Nicolas', who was now sitting attentively before her. His eyes rolled up and down her body, and Rebecca could spot the outline of his consequent erection attempting desperately to escape the prison of his tight pants. She heard herself moan in anticipation, closing her eyes and slumping back against Adela, whose hands moved down to Rebecca's waist for support.

"Sit down," Adela commanded. The two of them floated slowly to the ground, with Rebecca in Adela's lap and her legs splayed out across the floor, each foot touching the walls of the cozy meditation room, her bare breasts and vagina exposed to Nicolas' covetous gaze.

"Now," Adela whispered - hyphenating her statement with a kiss on Rebecca's cheek - "touch yourself for us."

Rebecca moaned acquiescently. As her right hand approached its destination, she felt her legs rise up in the air. Adela had reached out to grip her ankles and pull her lower body skyward, allowing Nicolas to see right through her. Rebecca's cheeks reddened as the added arousal sparked within. Her fingers began to dance as wetness oozed out and down the crack of her ass cheeks.

As the rhythm and intensity of her fingers increased, she was faintly aware of the changes in her meditation partners' breathing, now sharper and more labored. She could feel Adela's stare as she dangled Rebecca's legs up in the air, and a musky premonition wafted ever so faintly from Nicolas' direction. This, multiplied by her compromisingly intimate position, had already brought Rebecca quickly to the edge of coming just as she felt a strong, wet intrusion force its way into her vagina.

She opened her eyes to see just the top of Nicolas' head between her legs. With a sharp moan, she threw her head back and redoubled the efforts of her fingers. 

"Come for us darling," Adela encouraged her. "Come for us before we fuck you."

Rebecca stopped suddenly, pausing for a reason known only to her. The laps of Nicolas' tongue inside her were the only audible sounds, until a final swipe of her fingers against her clit brought her crashing down in orgasm. Every muscle in her body relaxed, every drop of sweat shimmered, every exhale exploded out of her, as fluid surged over Nicolas' face and down to the floor. Adela murmured lovingly as she gently lay Rebecca's legs down, then began to approvingly caress her body.

After a few blissful minutes, the sound of a belt being undone, then pants being unzipped, interrupted Rebecca's tranquility.

"Alright beautiful," came Nicolas' rumbling voice. "This is a group meditation session. Stand up."

Rebecca's eyes opened to find Nicolas' prominent erection swaying above and before her, just out of reach. Adela's hands pushed on her hips until she found her- self swaying on two feet. She reached both arms out slowly towards Nicolas' cock, taking his balls in her hands and leaning forward slightly to take him in her mouth.

"There you go," Nicolas breathed.

"Oh, this is too much," Adela moaned. Still laying on the ground, she hiked up her dress and began to finger herself. Rebecca's wide, thick ass swayed before her, thighs wet with fluid and Nicolas' spit. The sight drove Adela wild.

"Make yourself useful Adela," Nicolas groaned. "Clean her up."

A moment later, Rebecca felt two hands pull the cheeks of her ass aside. Then Adela's tongue began to dance around the rim of her asshole. The depravity of it sent a shiver of excitement rocketing around Rebecca's body, advancing in waves as Adela pushed her tongue ever more insistently past Rebecca's sphincter and inside her dirty ass.

"Oh fuck," Rebecca moaned around the cock in her mouth. She began to suck faster, her head bobbing up and down like a piston. She was interrupted only occasionally by Nicolas' hand on her head, forcing himself all the way down her throat for a few moments until she gagged, desperate for air. She shot her eyes up to find a sadistic, admiring grin on his face, as threads of spit dangled from her mouth towards the floor, remnants of her ruby red lipstick streaking haphazardly across her cheeks and down her chin.

Running his hands across Rebecca's swaying tits, Nicolas felt his sensual pleasure mix with holistic appreciation for this beautiful young girl before him. There was something different about her that he couldn't quite place. She was open-minded, sure, but that didn't capture everything. And it wasn't just self-confidence. A rare openness towards sharing that confidence with others, perhaps?

His analysis of the girl's magnetism was interrupted by an unwelcome airy sensation below. Adela had pulled Rebecca down to the ground, smothering her slimy mouth with an all-encompassing kiss. The girl was on her knees now, her ass up in the air.

Nicolas shot Adela an angry look, who rolled her eyes in response and simply gestured towards Rebecca's exposed ass.

Kneeling behind her, Nicolas roughly grasped Rebecca's waist and pulled her on to his expectant cock. Rebecca's head raised skyward in ecstasy as the sensation of being so suddenly filled enveloped her, her body beginning to sway back and forth as Nicolas forced his way inside her. The feeling of being used, of being a mindless object swaying uncontrollably in the wind of someone else's desire for her, and the emptying effect this feeling had on her mind was just beginning to take hold when she was interrupted once more.

"Not so fast," Adela grinned. With a tug on Rebecca's hair, she forced Rebecca's head down between her legs and into her pubic mound.

The swipe of Rebecca's tongue inside her brought immediate pleasure and relief to Adela, along with the sight of her husband banging this beautiful brunette senseless. She could hardly believe her eyes. Running her fingers through the girl's hair with one hand, she touched herself with the other, in sync with the flip of Rebecca's tongue inside her and the slap of Nicolas' balls against the girl's body.

"Holy shit," Nicolas gasped, pushing himself inside Rebecca at an even faster pace. A few of Rebecca's more animalistic grunts inspired him to wrap his hands around her throat and yank her upper body skyward again, her thick tits ricocheting outward with every slam of his cock against her insides.

"Nicolas stop!" Adela complained, loosening Nicolas' grip on the girl's neck and forcing her head back down between her legs. "I need -", Adela moaned, "- here. I need her here."

"What she... needs is... another... dick in... her mouth!" Nicolas managed.

Adela's free hand waved distractedly. "Tomor - tomorrow."

"Jesus," Nicolas panted. "I'm... going... to come."

"Not yet!" cried Adela. "Not yet..."

Moving her free hand back to Rebecca's head, Adela ground the girl's face into her pussy. Rebecca's muffled yelps echoing between her legs only increased Adela's arousal, and as she closed her eyes and gripped the girl's face even harder, she began to see stars. As she reached orgasm they multiplied and grew larger, before finally exploding into a single bright light. Adela's back arched, her supple belly and tentative breasts thrust skyward. She could feel Rebecca pull away, the girl's face drenched with her own sweat and body fluid.

"You two... are... fucking... beautiful," Nicolas declared. Finally able to let loose that which he had been forced to repress, he stood up and yanked Rebecca up with him. Pounding into her, he held her by the hair, forcing her soaking wet face skyward as she gasped for air. Her tits swung back and forth so hard that even they slapped noisily together, as if the noise of balls beating against her body wasn't enough for her. When she wasn't sucking down air, Nicolas could see that her lips were arranged in a faint smile.

"God damn!" With a final forceful push, Nicolas slumped over Rebecca's back and erupted inside of her. Rebecca felt him shudder repeatedly as wave after wave of heat passed from his body to hers. Her mind completely blank, she observed herself passively just as the retreat instructors had taught, only now with greater ease owing to the subjugation of her body.

Nicolas slowly extracted himself from her, then lowered himself to the ground, taking her with him in his lap. The two of them faced Adela, who was still crumpled in a self-absorbed heap, one hand on her breast and the other between her legs.

Rebecca's head lolled exhaustedly against Nicolas' shoulder as his hands played absentmindedly with her hair. Adela opened her eyes and smiled at the scene before her. She ran her gaze over their bodies: their legs splayed out together, his chest dripping with sweat, her dove white breasts, their tortured pink nipples glowing red, finally at rest. She looked down between Rebecca's legs, the raw red lips of her vagina gaping a few inches off the ground as a thick rope of her husband's milky cum dangled down and collected in a pool around her asshole. It was enough to make a soft moan escape from Adela's mouth as she threw her head back and closed her eyes.

The heavy air of the room, thick with the aromatic incense of sweat and sex, smothered the three of them into a deep stupor. Although a bell rang softly at some point to signal the end of the session, none of them heard it. Rebecca, her dark tresses of hair contrasting radiantly with the shining white of her skin, her mind and body drained in unison, relaxed into the embrace of nothingness.