 Rebecca was sitting in the jacuzzi with three strangers as her husband was up in their hotel room. She was in a spunky mood and had pulled down her bathing suit straps, careful to show her cleavage, but not her nipples. The three guys sitting around the jacuzzi and saying, "more! more! more!"

The three guys were all smiles and hard-ons, and one guy reached out and starts to stroke Rebecca's ass and trace the lines of your thong. "You guys should feel this!" In a flash three guys began to groping her body as she bent over to show them her thong and ass. "This is incredible," she hears one guy say. 

"What am I doing," she thinks to herself. "Three random guys are touching my legs and ass and...boobs!!!" Two of the guys were now working their way up her bent over body, but one guy was now stroking her pussy over her thong. The pressure on her pussy and clit felt wonderful and she absentmindedly begin to rock back and forth, just a bit, to the timing on his stroking. 

How did this happen, you think. I was just teasing the guys a bit and now my pussy is wet and I'm crazy horny and one of the guys is now feeling my exposed breasts with unabashed excitement! It's incredible! But what am I doing?

Too stunned to stand up, Rebecca is being groped quite nicely. She is leaning forward with one hand on the jacuzzi arm railing and one hand on her knee. The guy behind her has stopped rubbing her pussy through her thong and he is now holding her by the hips and rubbing his cock against her pussy and ass through her thong. Rebecca can feel his hard cock against her and is again pushing back against it. 

Then it happened, one of the guys who was groping Rebecca's tits moved in front of her and pulled down his shorts to reveal his large cock, pointing straight at her face! Rebecca suddenly thought that she now has one guy rubbing his hard cock against her thong and pussy, one guy groping her tits, and now a cock directly in front of her. "Am I crazy? What am I doing?"

Yet, a moan slipped from her lips. As Rebecca stared at the hard cock in front of her, it moved suddenly closer. If there was a guy connected to it, she couldn't tell. As Rebecca stated at the cock she kept thinking, "What do I do? Do I act on it? I want to. But I shouldn't. Sucking on his cock will have ramifications!" In the midst of these thoughts, the cock slid Into her mouth as she closed her eyes and felt his big cock in her mouth. At that moment, she could feel a hand on her head pulling her onto his cock. He then began to rock his cock on and out of her mouth. 

"Oh yeah," the man connected to the cock said, "suck that cock."

Then in a semi-trance-like state Rebecca could feel her thong being removed. Somehow that was ok, Rebecca thought. She had a cock in your mouth, so getting completely naked somehow made sense to her. She was giving in to there advances and the voice in her head was quieting. Wow, this feels good, she thought.

Just then a big cock slid between Rebecca's pussy lips and she was now fucking a man she first laid eyes on less than an hour ago. How did that happen?? She then became aware of the body of the guy fucking her slapping against her body. Slap... Slap...Slap.... Sensory overload with a cock in Rebecca's mouth and a cock in her pussy soon gave way to a building orgasm. 

In a moment there was a pause in the fucking and two of the guys changed places. Rebecca could feel the new cock enter her pussy; his speed was quicker which matched her oncoming orgasm. Rebecca had started to moan, then loudly, "fuck me! I'm gonna cum. Fuck me. Oh, here I cum! Fuck me." The guy were now joining Rebecca's vocalizations, "Fuck her Brad! Make her cum. Look at her! Look at the slut. She's out of control!" 

The guy fucking Rebecca was now fucking her hard, her hair and tits were being thrown around as she moaned more loudly. The guy in front of her was now jacking off. Rebecca's orgasm was now upon her and she was moaning and yelling as the orgasm took her. She could feel the cock pounding her pussy getting harder and larger as he started cumming inside of her.

Slap... Slap.... Slap....

The guy fucking Rebecca then began to slow down and her own orgasm began to fade at that moment she felt the guy in front of her cum on her face. Forehead. Nose. Cheek. Rebecca slid to her knees, hot and sweaty, and post orgasm, having just been fucked and cum on and in. I must look like a real slut, Rebecca thinks. The third guy then walked forward as the other two guys stepped back. He offered Rebecca his cock and she pulled it into her mouth. Rebecca was thinking that she can only imagine what she looks like with one guys cum on her face as she sucks on another man's cock. 

Rebecca could tell that this last guy wasn't going to last long. Watching her get double teamed was too much for him. Rebecca then grabbed his hands and placed them on her head. "Oh my god," he says to his two friends, "she wants me to fuck he face! To force my cock on her!" He then roughly grabbed and held Rebecca's head and began to fuck her face. The excitement, however, was too much for him and just as Rebecca was going to pull him out of her mouth so he could cum on her face, he had a death grip on her head and forced his cock into her mouth even more. Rebecca was on the verge of choking on his cock, but she couldn't do anything about it. 

The cock was continually forced into her mouth and then she could hear him shout, "yes, yes, yes," and he was soon shooting his cum deep into the back of Rebecca's mouth. In a flurry and in a moment it was over. Rebecca had three strangers' cum - in your pussy, in your mouth and on your face. I've just been used, and I liked it, Rebecca admits to herself. She must be quite the sight, Rebecca thinks quietly to herself. 

The guys begin to leave, but as they do they tell you that are staying on the third floor of the hotel for the next three days if you would like some more. You indicated that you might just take them up on your offer. And you knew you wanted to.