 CHAPTER 1. "US"

-*- Sunday, November 18, 2018 -*-

-*- Lake Serenity, Kansas -*-

Alexa smiled and methodically moved from one display cage to the next with Cooper, our three-year-old son, hoisted in her arm. The energetic, rambunctious toddler was in quite a happy mood this afternoon, his little eyes surveying everything, as we paid a visit to _Hopalong Animal Rescue._ After several weeks of hesitation on our part, we'd finally decided that it was time to add to the family by adopting a new cat or kitten at the local county animal shelter.

"Look at this one, baby," Alexa said to Cooper, motioning toward the sleeping feline in its cage. "What do you think? Do you like him?" When Cooper nodded his head, Alexa glanced at the corresponding information chart and read out loud, "Coco. Shy and quiet. Will warm up. Prefers a cat savvy home." She took a moment to visually inspect the animal. "He's pretty. But we don't want a shy kitty, do we? We want a social and outgoing one who'll want to play with you and your little sister." Alexa pouted dejectedly, deciding that this one had to be passed over. "It'd probably take Coco a long time to warm up to us. Look at him. He's hiding back there by his litter box."

In the next cage, the cat appeared to have an injured eye. Unfortunately, unhealthy animals like this were a common sight at the humane society, which is why I could never bring myself to volunteer here when I was younger. "Trigger. Wart on face. Needs eye drops." Cooper quickly averted his gaze, uncomfortable, but Alexa moved in for a closer look. "Hi there! Oh, what happened to your eye? Who would hurt you?" She reviewed the chart. "Loves affection and rubbing all over you." Thus, Alexa's loving heart melted. She must've figured just as quickly, however, that Cooper would never approve. "I hope someone adopts you, cutie pie. I wish we could do it ourselves, but Cooper doesn't like looking at that little boo-boo. Oh, I'm so sorry, sweet thing." Alexa turned toward me and frowned. "Can we just adopt all the cats? I want to take every single one of them home with us!"

I grinned at my wife. "Oh, I know you do. And you would." If the decision were solely up to Alexa, she'd adopt this special-needs cat and see to it that he had a kind and loving home for the rest of his life. But we had the kids and their feelings to consider too. Alexa, I know, would love to take care of this animal when most people wouldn't want anything to do with it because of its injury. Sadly, the cat may ultimately be deemed unadoptable by the shelter and euthanized.

"Fluffy. Had Entropion surgery and is FIV-positive." She turned and shot me a quizzical look after reading from the next chart. "What's that, Colt?"

"It's a virus that basically cripples a cat's immune system." As a doctor of internal medicine with my own practice for the past 15 years, Alexa knew who to turn to if she ever had any medical questions. Me. Although my patients were strictly humans, I had some knowledge of basic veterinary care and animal conditions as well. All aspects of medical science interested me. "We don't want a cat with FIV, honey. They need a peaceful, stress-free environment at home to survive. Not gonna happen with two dogs and our kids running around the house. This cat would be miserable with all the commotion."

"Is FIV similar to what Matt had?" I feared that Alexa would never be able to shake the memory of what happened to our last cat. _Her_ cat, Matt. "Leukemia?"

"FIV isn't cancer. It's more comparable to HIV in a human. It's the kitty version of AIDS."

"Ewwwww. Really?"

I nodded my head.

"And what about Entropian surgery?" She slipped two fingers into the cage and lovingly stroked the feline's chin. "You're so precious."

"Means it had an infected eye and needed to have an operation. See? Its eyelid is turned inward instead of laying flush around its eye."

Cooper clutched his mother tightly and glanced away again, not wanting to see that eye at all.

Alexa frowned and sympathetically tilted her head before moving down the line once more. "Awwwww, this next one's a sweetie, Cooper. An adorable, little kitten named Lucy! Look at her. She's so pretty! Very easygoing. Likes to be petted and loves head scratches. I like my nose rubbed and my ears scratched. I had a ten-minute sponge bath this morning and was fully cooperative." With that, Alexa laughed and held our curious son close to the cage so he could get a better look. "Wow, that's something. I wish you and Madi were fully cooperative during your baths this morning, Coop-a-loop. That would've been nice!" She giggled again. "How about this one, baby? What do you think? Do you like... Lucy?"

"Like her lot, Mommy," Cooper answered back in toddler babble. "Yeah! Nice kitty."

"She's pretty, isn't she? A pretty girl!"

"Uh huh."

"Look at this fuzzy one." Alexa was already onto the next cat. "Emily. Very sweet. Enjoys affection and purrs away. Also loves to play with toys."

"Just like you," I responded without even thinking.

Alexa offered me her trademarked scrunch face, something I'd always found cute and adorable. Like clockwork, she then followed it up with her patented roll of the eyes and turned her back to me as if she was highly exasperated. All done in a playful manner, of course. Hey, I couldn't help it that my wife seemed to have a minor obsession with vibrators and various other intimate toys. Especially pink ones. That was her favorite color. "God, Colt. Can't you get your mind out of the gutter for a few hours and behave? Is that too much to ask?" She focused on Cooper and sighed. "Daddy's a gutter rat, isn't he?"

"Yeah!" Cooper chuckled.

I moved in closer, pulling Alexa's silky, sunrise-gold hair to the side and planting a delicate kiss on the back of her neck. Oh, that neck was so smooth and tender. Alexa instinctively turned her face toward me as I slid my left hand around her waist. "You know you love me, baby. You wouldn't know what to do without me."

Glancing away, she scoffed and shook her head, but couldn't suppress a smile at the same time. "Unfortunately."

"You can't resist me, either." My lips brushed Alexa's neck. My right hand caressed her cheek. I kissed her temple as my body shuddered with eager anticipation. "God, Lexi." I was whispering so only she could hear me. "I love you so much. You drive me crazy. You're so... freaking hot."

Alexa - or Lexi as I usually called her - twisted her head around with an agitated expression so she could again look my way. I felt tempted by the luscious, soft lips no less than an inch away from mine right now. Oh, how could I contain myself?

"What is it, PG?" Tiny, blonde, fit, sexy and most of all sweeter than honey, Alexa and my lust for her would most assuredly be my undoing one day. I'm okay with that. "I know what you want. You want the same, exact thing that I do right now. Don't deny it."

And oh... PG stood for _Pretty Girl._

Alexa took a deep breath and seemingly found her resolve. "Really, Colt? Really? The animal shelter? Of all places, you're trying to come onto me in the animal shelter? In front of Cooper, no less? Have you lost your mind?" She shooed my hands away and giggled at the absurdity of it all. "My God. Just how many times will I get hit on today?"

"I'm hungry!" Cooper suddenly screeched.

"Oh, hungry now?" Alexa retorted, pulling her smartphone from the back pocket of her denim jeans. "You weren't hungry earlier, baby, when Daddy and I wanted to have lunch at the cafeteria across the street with Aunt Merissa and little Madi." Alexa fired off yet another text - she literally lived on that smartphone - then twirled her head about repeatedly, and drew a hysterical laugh from our son in the process. "You wanted to go straight to the animal shelter and look at all these sweet kitties. Didn't you, honey? Oh, don't you lie to Mommy, okay? No, no, no."

"I want... cotton candy now."

"Not for lunch." Alexa shook her head, which earned her a grunt and scowl of toddler frustration. "I know they have hamburgers and French fries at the cafeteria. Would you like a hamburger? How about a grilled cheese sandwich?"

"Cotton candy!" Cooper was whining because he knew the restaurant served it, too.

"You know what the deal is with that. You gotta finish your regular lunch first before having any cotton candy. It's always been that way. That's the rule, kiddo. No exceptions." Alexa's smartphone dinged, indicating that she'd just received a text. She read it, then pointed toward the main exit of the animal shelter. "Colt, baby, Rissa just messaged me. You want to run across the street and have lunch with her and Madi? We can always come back here afterward and pick out a cat. They're are gonna want to have some input, too."

I glanced at my wristwatch and noticed that it was 1:30pm already. There was no need to rush, but we had to be back home by 4:00pm because I needed to do some work around the house. It was Sunday, and with the office promising to be extra busy throughout the week since flu season was now in full force, I probably wouldn't have time again to rearrange the furniture in Cooper's bedroom just the way Alexa wanted until next weekend. She wouldn't like that, so I knew I had to get the task done sometime today.

Or else.

"Sounds good to me. Whatever is fine."

Alexa put her smartphone away. "Oh, remember Colt. Don't be afraid to speak up if you see a cat that you like. I want you to be a part of the decision-making process just as much as us. Everyone needs to have their say."

"Pick out whatever cat you want." How many times did I have to tell her that before it finally sunk in? I'd be happy with that special-needs cat with the injured eye, but Cooper and Madison most assuredly would not. "I'll be fine regardless. Let's go have lunch. I haven't eaten anything since early this morning."

"Want COTTON CANDY!" Suddenly, Cooper had an angry scowl as he grabbed his mother's hand and frantically swung it about in his much smaller grip.

"Cooper Phillip McCarron, watch your mouth!" Alexa's voice was sharp as a whip as she used our son's full name for added emphasis. "You know you're not allowed to raise your tone at Daddy or me, or Aunt Merissa. You keep that voice down and be a good boy."

"BUT MOMMY!"

I dropped to one knee and placed my hands upon Cooper's shoulders, glaring into his eyes for one of our man-to-man talks. It was time to level with him. And keep him out of any further trouble with Alexa. "Hey, bud. You heard Mommy. No cotton candy until you have a regular lunch first." He was sniffling and seemed close to going into full toddler rage. I had to play it cool and settle him down. "Now _Maximus_ across the street has hamburgers, hot dogs, sausage patties, pizza, nachos... you gotta pick something. When you finish it, then you can get some cotton candy because they have it, too. Okay, bud?" I ruffled the baseball cap - with the Kansas City Royals' logo on it - atop his head. "You down with that? Stop being such a grumpy pants."

"Okay." Cooper pouted, still wrought with disappointment. "I guess I have nachos."

After the three of us exited the animal shelter and ventured across the street to Maximus - a local eatery - I watched Alexa, having already offered to get our lunch meals herself, split off on her own. Myself, I went to the dining room area with Cooper secured on an arm, wanting to get him settled in, only to find Merissa and Madison, my 23-month-old toddler daughter, at a big, circular table. It was incredibly easy to spot Merissa even amongst this varied gathering of people. All I had to do was look for the naturally dark, chestnut-colored hair and the pristine, angelic aura that surrounded her day and night.

It was difficult to believe that Merissa could up her own personal standard for beauty more than she already had, but then she became pregnant in March 2018, and now all bets were off. Currently a mere four weeks from her expectant due date of December 14, 2018, Merissa - my wife, just like Alexa (yes, I have two wives) - had embraced the entire process long ago. The raging hormones and the added weight gain combined to radiate a unique blend of beauty for the 27-year-old. This late stage of Merissa's pregnancy was a truly wondrous time and our little family enjoyed (and celebrated) every moment of it.

Merissa was so incredibly happy tending to Madison, the little daughter that she and I had together, showcasing a vivacious smile on her lips and a motherly instinct - that certain charm - which made her glow so brilliantly. Feeling hungry earlier, Merissa opted to venture off to the cafeteria with Madison while Alexa and I took Cooper over to Hopalong Animal Rescue to look at the cats.

"Madi did such a good job with her lunch!" Clearly, Merissa was expecting us as I approached with Cooper. Remember, she and Alexa had been texting earlier. "Madi had pepper sticks, grapefruit, and some fresh peas, and ate almost all of it!" Merissa leaned over and pecked Madison's forehead with a kiss. "You're such a good girl, a good eater! Mommy is so proud of you!" She then turned her focus to Cooper. "Hey there, wild man! Were there any kitties you liked at the shelter?"

He nodded. "Uh huh."

"Hiya, sweetie." I focused entirely on Madison. "How are you? You enjoying your lunch? Daddy likes it when you eat all your food. Makes Daddy REALLY happy." I kissed the top of her head. "Love you so much. You have no idea how much I love you."

"Na-na-na! Na-na-na! Na-na-na..."

Trust me, I knew that my situation was unique. Not only did I have two wives and a child with both (and another on the way), but Alexa and Merissa were married to each other as well. It all seemed normal to us, at least. "You already had your banana for the day, baby chick." Madison was the spitting image of her mother. "You can have another one tomorrow morning at breakfast time. Okay, honey? Just one a day."

Eating at 23 months has been mostly smooth sailing for Madison thus far. She hasn't had a picky eating roadblock yet and seemed to enjoy most things Merissa, Alexa and I offered her. The only trouble has been those pesky molars that were breaking through. They bother Madison from time to time, and when they do, she tends not to eat as much as we'd prefer.

Oh, and did I mention that I was turned on by my pregnant wife? To the point of being totally and undeniably enthralled by Merissa turned on? With all of it adding up to my blood popping in my veins like hot, boiling water turned on?

This can be traced back to November 2014 when I learned that Alexa was pregnant with Cooper. A sleeping giant suddenly awoke within me. I had a new fetish that even I wasn't aware of previously. And before long, as Alexa became more and more pregnant, I became more and more, well... turned on.

Now, I was there again. Just with a different, yet equally special wife. A full four years later, Merissa was in the final few weeks of carrying her second child (again, my third spanning both wives), a little dude - perhaps a future professional athlete, you never know - and I found myself thinking about Merissa, wanting her, yearning for her, ummmmm... even routinely stalking her with a wild-eyed sexuality and hot, carnal urgency that was second to none.

No marriage is perfect (no, not even ours). No relationship is without its share of difficulties. And no two people (or in our case, three) who regularly drive one another mentally and physically insane with desire can maintain those feelings at a fever pitch, day in and day out, for months, even years, at a time. It comes and goes, sometimes at its own leisure.

But what I'd learned over the years was that my sexual desire for Alexa and Merissa seemed to peak at the apex, the absolute zenith, of their pregnancies. These two ladies were beyond beautiful, but they made me grit my teeth against my jaw and hold onto the last shred of my restraint in the latter half of their pregnancies. It was all I could do to keep my composure.

The way Merissa winced and slowly walked across the kitchen floor this morning, clad in her most comfortable maternity gown, doing her best to keep her balance and not fall over. I found myself wantonly affected by even Merissa's most subtle of moves. For example, rubbing her belly or massaging the latest twinge of discomfort in her neck. Even more, I was floored by the strength and determination Merissa had displayed for the past eight months as she nurtured new life inside her.

In my mind, a pregnant woman is God's greatest creation.

My very soul, my spirit, my libido, it all felt incarcerated by the vision of this centerfold-like voluptuousness that I was forced to tiptoe around on eggshells all the time, scared to wake the hormonal beast within. Never mind the fact that in her current state, having sex with me was probably the furthest thing from Merissa's mind and, with those wild and rampant mood swings that could strike at any given moment, she'd sometimes rather see me magically morph into a glazed strawberry doughnut than bed me. But that was okay.

To me, it was an awesome feeling. Red-hot attraction in its purest, most raw form. A potent, powerful desire that refused to leave my mind. It made me want to spend every waking moment with Merissa. I always reached that point with a (very) pregnant wife.

Acting playful here in the restaurant, Merissa opened her brown eyes at me - almost to the point where they were bulging out - then fluttered her eyelids several times in quick, rapid-fire succession.

"Know what someone told me one time?"

"What?"

"Someone told me that after I met 'em, for a couple months, they were like, _I didn't like you at first because you batted your eyelashes so much. It's really annoying._"

I shook my head at her knowingly. "It was probably some guy that you were trying to flirt with."

"It was a girl! Remember Kenzie? I worked with her at Sullivan's in Cloud City for a while."

"Okay, it was Kenzie that you were trying to flirt with," came my teasing rebuttal.

Merissa made a face and tried not to giggle, then fluttered her eyelashes about dramatically again. "You know I don't flirt with other girls unless it's Lexi." She tapped my nose with an extended finger. "Especially girls like Kenzie who have tried hitting on you, Colt."

"That was a long time ago." Before I met either of my two wives, even.

Merissa cocked an eyebrow. "So?"

"Hey," I said to Cooper, who chuckled and snorted as he ducked his head behind a bottle of ketchup. "Are you hiding back there, buddy? You hiding from Daddy? I see you! I see you, buddy." I made eye contact and looked at him intently. "You going to eat your nachos when Mommy brings them over to you?"

"Uh huh." Cooper was peering at me from over the top of the bottle. "I eat the nacho, then cotton candy."

Merissa gasped. "COTTON CANDY? You get to have cotton candy? Oh, you lucky devil! Do you think you could share some with ME?"

Cooper nodded wildly. "Uh huh."

"WOW. Thank you. That's so very sweet of you."

Soon, Merissa was fiddling with a to-go dinner box made of Styrofoam. I smiled at her softly. "What did you get?"

"Chicken scampi. Tastes SO good. I thought about fixing some for myself later tonight but decided to just get it here. Much easier that way." She snapped the lid on her to-go box shut. "Got some for later, YEAH. A snack before I go to bed." Merissa began poking at the top of the package with a plastic knife. I looked at her curiously. "I'm mangling my box so you and Lexi know it's mine once we get home. Gonna carve an M into it, for Merissa."

I shrugged my shoulders. "All I see is a crazy pregnant lady stabbing at a box of chicken."

Merissa tilted her head and shot me an evil glare yet had to suppress a smile at the same time. So much of our life together was like this. We always tried to laugh and have a good time. "Two things..."
