 CHAPTER 9. "DEMISEXUAL"

-*- Sunday, December 2, 2018 -*-

-*- Lake Serenity, Kansas -*-

I kissed Madison's forehead before tiptoeing out of the bedroom just ahead of Merissa. It was a nightly ritual, and something I remember my own parents doing when I was a young child too. Sure, Dad worked long, endless hours every single day on the farm, but he and Mom always made one-on-one time for my siblings and me as often as they could.

It was nothing new, but it took some serious effort on our part to get Madison to fall asleep on this Sunday evening. She routinely needed a bedtime story to help settle her down. Otherwise, Madison wanted nothing to do with it.

Merissa closed the door softly and let out a relieved sigh. "I was afraid that Madi was never going to fall asleep. She's been so excited and wound up today."

I feigned a smile, but there was nothing behind it. No energy, certainly none of my usual zest. Not tonight. "Then I must have a boring voice. Madi fell asleep even before I finished reading the book."

Merissa laughed as she went downstairs and made her way into the kitchen. I followed partway but stopped at the base of the steps. "I'm sure that's it, Colt. You're just a total and complete bore! Yet how do you keep two wives interested and happy at all times, and always make us want to come back for more?"

And just like that, with Merissa out of view, my happy facade vanished. I dropped onto the sofa in the living room and felt upset, distraught, and depressed about my father's recent passing.

I was also still trying to make sense of that dream I had yesterday morning where my father and I were at the ballpark in Kansas City, and he urged me (begged, actually) to reconcile with Mom after two-and-a-half years of anger and separation. In the dream, Dad gave me his blessing for my marriage and lifestyle choices with Alexa, Merissa, and the kids. Dad even told me that in addition to Paxton, my forthcoming son with Merissa who was going to be born (presumably) in the next week or two, Alexa would become pregnant later this year and then give birth to a little girl named Brooklyn sometime next autumn.

But... was that actually a dream?

I'd never given much thought into the idea of ghosts, per se, or whether they existed. I had zero knowledge of anything pertaining to the supernatural, yet I did believe that family connections were strong and, under the right circumstances, could transcend mortality and immortality.

What I experienced Saturday morning, I was becoming more and more convinced, was something too powerful to be a dream. Did Dad's ethereal being visit my mind while I was sleeping? My soul? Call me crazy, but as of right now, I honestly didn't know what that was yesterday morning.

Or did I?

"You want a drink, baby?" Merissa called from the kitchen, totally oblivious to the way I felt. Or so I thought. "There's plenty of bottled water in the fridge, plus orange juice, almond milk and some of Lexi's energy mix from the blender left. Although, it's hard telling what she puts in these things sometimes. This one... it's sort of green? Looks disgusting."

While I hadn't taken even a tiny sip of alcohol since well before Alexa became pregnant with Cooper in 2014, an entire bottle of something harsh and strong seemed like the perfect elixir for me right now. A drunken stupor sure would be nice. Was I losing my mind? Had I really convinced myself that my father, who I just watched be buried a mere 48 hours ago, came to visit me in some sort of paranormal encounter? That it was his way of settling our differences and finding peace? "Water's fine."

Straightening myself upright, I struggled to calm my anxiety and act somewhat normal before Merissa made her way into the living room. Alexa's parents came to visit again today, a Sunday ritual of their own during the NFL season, and Bob and I enjoyed watching our hometown Chiefs defeat those hated Raiders from Oakland. Afterward, Alexa went out shopping with Bob and Angela but would be home soon enough. She was on her way, in fact.

I had a little time to myself to think earlier when Merissa, at 38 weeks pregnant, fell asleep as I held and comforted her in bed. I still couldn't believe that Dad was gone. Yet that dream - was it a dream? - boggled my mind. Dad seemed so real, so vibrant, and so full of life in... whatever that was. A dream? An encounter? Did Dad _cross over_, as they say, to bid a proper farewell to me? To settle our differences?

Now, Dad was in his eternal resting place - buried in a cemetery in the village of Cascade, Kansas. Earlier - while alone with Merissa, but with her sleeping (and the kids taking a quick nap) - I found myself becoming emotional. I'm not afraid to admit that I had a hard, forceful cry. I missed Dad so much. I was hurt, angry, and overly distraught. Grieving like this wasn't easy.

Merissa entered the living room with two bottles of water and nodded her head toward the front door. "Let's go sit on the porch and enjoy the evening." It was quite chilly outside, but the porch was fully enclosed and had a space heater. "Bring the little, hand-held remote receiver out with you in case Cooper or Madi wake up and start crying. We can always rush back in."

Merissa smiled sweetly before turning and walking toward the front door. I studied her as she moved and mentally noted all the many ways she'd changed in the three-plus years she'd been romantically linked and living with Alexa and yours truly.

The Merissa who moved in with us in August 2015 didn't have the same grace or confidence that she did now. She didn't move with the kind of ease that Merissa was moving with now. And she certainly didn't walk around in lavish, button-up maternity blouses (and not much else), showcasing a lot of tanned, toned legs in the process. _Pantsless Sunday_, as my wives so eloquently dubbed it, was always a personal favorite of mine around the house. Something to look forward to every Sunday evening after Bob and Angela went home.

Swallowing hard, I got up from the sofa and followed Merissa. Unable to resist, I placed my hand on the small of her back when we reached the screen door and leaned around her to turn the knob. The scent of lavender with the undertones of sweet apricot overtook my senses when I passed by her.

What type of perfume was that? And why didn't I smell it when she and I put Madison down in her crib earlier? Did Merissa apply it in the kitchen, of all places, while getting us drinks? Did she dab new perfume on just for me?

Whatever the case, I inhaled deeply and followed close behind when Merissa walked out onto the patio, not removing my hand from her back. Perhaps it was a possessive hand, but I needed something to latch onto with all these conflicting emotions racing throughout my mind. Mourning the loss of my father. Wondering if my brain was playing tricks on me with wild dreams and/or illusions. Trying to figure out how I'd go about making peace with Mom who, aside from a few, terse words at the funeral, I hadn't spoken to in two-and-a-half years, either.

It was necessary to release my 27-year-old wife, although my fingers ached to touch Merissa further. What type of a companion would I be tonight with the mental shape I was in? Truth be told, I should just go back to bed and comfort Merissa because she'd been feeling a bit under the weather earlier today. Or maybe she should comfort me?

Of course, this Merissa differed vastly from the Merissa who came to live with us in 2015. In addition to all the subtle changes between then and now that I noted earlier, I should also point out that in 2015, Merissa was coming off a two week stint in the hospital thanks to her ex-fiancé, Grayson.

_Oh, Grayson._ That guy had a legendary, hair-trigger temper. He and Merissa were already dating when I first met Alexa on June 23, 2010 and offered to change a flat tire for her just outside my medical office in Cordova. Alexa never approved of Merissa's relationship with Grayson (not many people did, actually). Personally, I wondered what would happen if Grayson, with his brooding style and constant sheen of anger, would one day snap and cause harm to Merissa. Grayson was always on edge and seemed mentally unstable. I thought he needed professional help. He was constantly angry and in a terrible, foul mood.

On July 25, 2015, Alexa and I, with Cooper being just barely two weeks old, received word on a hot, humid Saturday night that Merissa had been rushed by paramedics to the level one trauma center at Stillwater General Hospital in Stillwater, Kansas. Grayson had snapped.

The couple, him 24 and her 23 at the time, were just a few months away from getting married. Merissa and Grayson got into an argument about finances or, more specifically, failure to pay their bills. Merissa wondered how come Grayson used the $100 she'd given him on alcohol and video games instead of to help take a chunk out of their electric bill, which was now at over $400 from months of unpaid dues. The local power company had been threatening to cut the electric to their apartment for over six weeks if they didn't start making steady payments.

In the middle of the argument, the power actually was cut.

Only Merissa and Grayson know what was said between them that evening, but what _I_ know is that Grayson went into a rage and punched Merissa twice. Whatever Merissa said or didn't say, there was absolutely no call for that. Merissa fell to the floor in a heap, and the impact of hitting the floor shattered her right wrist. Grayson, a former star athlete in high school at 225 pounds of rock-solid muscle, continued to rage, apparently, and put the 107 pound Merissa into a choke-hold and nearly strangled her to death. He also slammed her face into the floor.

Grayson relented, perhaps realizing what he'd done, and called for emergency medical assistance immediately. Yet he raged again when help arrived, refusing to let go of the beaten and battered Merissa. He thought she was better off with him than the paramedics, I suppose. It took three police officers to pry him away so they could put her in the ambulance. I openly admit it - I wish the cops tased his sorry ass.

Or worse.

...Merissa had a broken wrist.

A fractured jaw.

Needed separate surgeries to repair both.

Severe bruising on her face, including a nasty black eye.

A concussion.

And acute pulmonary edema, a condition caused by excess fluid in the lungs in conjunction with sudden chest trauma. Merissa nearly died that night in the hospital before they were able to stabilize her and slowly nurse her back to health. She had wounds on her neck from where Grayson strangulated her.

It wasn't the first time he'd assaulted her, either. The first (months earlier) was nowhere near as bad (yet still horrendous) and the authorities had it on record and now knew that Grayson would do it again. Simply put, Grayson needed to be stopped, and the prosecutor made an all-out effort to ensure that he would.

After a prolonged legal process that saw delay after delay, Grayson Todisco was convicted of domestic assault in the first degree (intent to murder) in 2016 and subsequently sentenced to 27 years in prison. Choking her was his ultimate downfall. He is currently serving time at Night Rock Penitentiary in Linville, Wyoming. I hope he never gets out.

Back in the present moment and on an uplifting note, I decided that I couldn't resist the temptation to spend a little time outside with Merissa on this cold, crisp Sunday evening. We had the baby monitor in case either of the kids needed us.

And the space heater was roaring, too.

The peaceful night was a picture-perfect postcard as moonlight flickered across the waters of Lake Serenity. I glanced over at Merissa under the guise of taking a swig of water, unsurprised to find her gazing out at the view. She'd always loved the scene here at night. Lake Serenity was tranquil, quiet, serene... as always.

Without looking my way, Merissa said, "Talk to me, baby. You seem so incredibly tense and uneasy tonight. So unlike you."

"Uneasy? I am not un..."

"Don't even try." Merissa casually flipped her long tumbles of russet-brown hair over her shoulder and tilted her folded legs toward me, and finally looked my way. Her gaze was so warm and caring, so real, that I nearly melted right there on the spot. "You're my husband, Colt. I love you. I KNOW you, too. There's something horribly off with you, I can tell. You're still feeling the effects of the funeral, aren't you?" Merissa's lower lip pushed out into a pout. "Of course you are, baby. Of course you are..."

"Yes. But I have other issues."

"Oh, I know." She went silent, her eyes full of sorrow and love. A unique combination to take in. Merissa's supple, warm fingers curled around my hand in support. "Talk to me, baby. You know I'll always be here for you."

My brow furrowed. "I miss my father."

I felt a surge of emotion as Merissa squeezed my hand tighter. "I know you do. I know you do. You want to put on your happy face, as you have around the kids, because you don't want to bring them down. They're way too young to have to deal with the idea of life and death yet. And you put on a good face today, had fun, watching football with Bob." Merissa placed her head on my shoulder. "But I know it hurts you too, baby. Lexi and I both know. Lexi is worried sick about you, your well-being. You and I are alone here now. Kids are sleeping. Let's talk about it?"

There were several seconds of strained silence between us. I felt too hurt to even speak.

"I never really got to know your dad, but Lexi says her favorite thing about him - before things went south - was that he was always so nice and humble. And every time Lexi talked to Phillip... and now I'm gonna cry." Merissa became emotional for a moment - clearly grieving on my behalf - but she was able to harness and control it. "Phillip was always humble, Lexi said, and every time she left a conversation with him, she... she was always... grateful... for what she had. Lexi said that he often shared how hard it was for him in life, how hard he had to work for the things that he had, especially when he was much younger. Once, Lexi went out to eat with Phillip and Cooper back in 2015. Lunch cost them $200 and Phillip was floored. Lexi took him to a really nice restaurant downtown."

I found myself chuckling at that. "Dad never could get over the price of food at certain restaurants." Tears filled my eyes. "He always wondered why people would eat such expensive food when you could get a burger for a few bucks at a fast-food place." 

"So the meal was $200, and Lexi left the waitress a $200 tip," Merissa added. "Phillip was like _OHHHHH... that's a lot of money. Alexa_ - he always called her that, not Lexi - _are you crazy?_ _Tipping the same as the actual cost of the meal?_ _Did Colt teach you that?_ _I only thought Colt was that foolish!_"

I was still smirking. "Sounds like him."

"Phillip always worked so hard for whatever he had in life. Again, I didn't know him all that well, but that's the one thing I'll always remember about him and take with me. I want to instill that in Madison, Cooper, and Paxton. You have to work hard, but sometimes you don't get a lot for it. Sometimes life is rough. Most of all, you have to be grateful for the things that you do have in life."

More silence, because I didn't feel like talking again...

"Phillip was a great man, Colt." Merissa ran her hand up-and-down my arm. "He was also your father. I know you had your differences with him." I wiped at my tears and blinked several times to stave off any further ones. This conversation was becoming increasingly difficult. "Phillip didn't approve of me at all. He even refused to be a grandparent for Madi. He shut Cooper out, too. But it's okay to talk about him and feel sad that he's gone. I'm not the type to sit here and hold a grudge because Phillip didn't like me. He was your dad and, right now, that's all that really matters. I'm not here now to render opinions and point fingers. I DON'T DO THAT." My defenses began to break with those words. "You don't always have to be the big, strong man, Colt; the unwavering rock, the foundation, of the family. It's okay to feel. It's okay to hurt, to talk about it." The tone of her voice made my heart squeeze. "It's okay to cry..."

Merissa's soft words hung in the air between us. She knew me so well. Merissa could read my every reaction and instinctively understand me. Dare I say it, but even better than Alexa could. Merissa was that zeroed-in, that intuitive.

"Facing the loss of a loved one, especially a parent, is never easy. You don't have to talk about it, baby, if you don't want to. But I'd be happy to listen. You know, I lost my dad when I was just seven. Still hurts. I lost Paxton last year, too. Death is... terrible. I think about both Dad and my little brother... every day."

Merissa sniffed her nose and her lower lip quivered with remorse. "The day my dad died, he took Rick and me to school that morning. Dad went to the gym afterward and hit some golf balls at the driving range, and eventually went back home. When Mom returned at two o'clock that afternoon with Paxton, she found Dad on the floor... barely breathing, with a very light pulse." Although I had heard this story literally a million times in the past, it never got old or repetitive because telling it was therapeutic to Merissa. She clung to any memories of her father and treated them like the gospel. "Mom called 9-1-1 and the paramedics revived Dad momentarily in the ambulance, citing heart issues, but then he went into a coma and suffered sudden cardiac arrest at the hospital." Merissa dipped her head and a tear streamed down her face. "Dad... Daddy... never... came back. He was... he was... gone."

We sat there in silence until I finally finished the sad story for her. "And Lexi's mother picked you and Rick up at school, and Lexi too, and took you both to the hospital." Unfortunately, my wife never got to say a proper goodbye to her father. Just like I didn't for mine. "I'm so sorry, sweetie. I am."

Merissa stayed silent and held my hand for several long minutes. I was close to losing it but honestly didn't want to. No amount of anguish, sorrow, or tears would bring Dad back to me. Nor would they bring Merissa's father back, either. Right now, Dad was in Heaven and he was yelling at me to _snap out of it._ I just know he was. Rick Sr. was right there beside him, I'd wager, encouraging me to do the same. _Be positive, don't dwell on the negative._ They'd want me to continue and go forward with my (our) life.

Finally, I reached my opposite hand across the space separating us, and gently pushed strands of wayward brown hair from Merissa's cheek. The feel of her soft, delicate skin upon my fingertips sent soft tremors coursing throughout me. When my thumb caressed her lower lip, Merissa kissed it lovingly.

"I'm just so lucky to have a wife like you, Merissa, to help guide me through troubled times like this." My voice was gentle, almost a whisper. "I so want to kiss you right now."

While Merissa was well aware of the fact that this was my way of avoiding the subject of my father and any other issues I was currently facing, she'd never turn down the opportunity to feel my lips on hers. Merissa was very nonresistant, passive; too passive, even, and often conformed to me and whatever I wanted.

At times - like now, even - I wished Merissa was more like Alexa, who'd stand up to me - and insist that I talk about Dad and cycle through my thoughts and emotions, and ongoing grief. It was really my own best therapy now. But...

I leaned over the low arm of the patio chair and wrapped my hand around the base of Merissa's neck, and drew her slowly toward me. I chose not to close my eyes, staring into hers, trying to draw strength from them. They were so brown, so pretty. I stopped just a millimeter or two from Merissa's face and held still. My thumb now rubbed in long circles from the bottom of her neck down toward her upper spine.
