 "I can't. I need more notice ahead of time" I texted back to Kate, my hands still wet from the shower. I glanced in the mirror at my thick cock hanging between my legs. It looked big. Even soft. I smirked and thought of all the messages I received from my full-body photo I did. Many of my fans happy that I had another photo showing off my beard.

She was a longtime fan of my blog, having found it shortly after I started putting my photos up and writing. Her story was rather sad. She had searched for "big cock" on reddit and found one of my photo. She messaged me some very filthy compliments and we started chatting. I was shocked when I found out she was only 17. "Why is a 17 year old girl searching for big cock on reddit?" I asked her. She replied that the boys her age were all immature, repulsive idiots and that she was bored and wanted to see some big cock. That was two years ago. She is 19 now and living on her own. Her parents kicked her out of the house the day she graduated high school. She lived in her car for awhile. It may sound strange, but I'm glad I was in her life in some fashion as she later said that chatting with me really helped her though a tough period in her life. She always said she wanted to fuck me if I was ever in Dallas.

"please? it's her birthday,lol!!" she texted back. I read my phone and laid back down on my bed. Still naked, I stared down at my cock laying on my stomach. It was fuller from the hot shower and my soft-on peaked over my belly button. I thought I should reach for my phone and send her back a pic of my cock laying on my stomach but remembered I had already posted at least a couple of those on my website. I sighed and sat up with the phone in my hands.

"ok, if it's really her birthday I'll do it, but you know me, I don't work for free. This isn't a charity. I expect a nice pic for payment." I texted back. Within moments I was looking at her gorgeous C-cup breasts on my phone, her shirt pulled up, hiding her face. "Yes, that's a great pic," I texted back. "But you already sent me that one 6 months ago. I want a NEW one." A few moments later I received a pic of her in her car, one hand pulling up her shirt, her bra undone showing a single breast and her smiling face sticking her tongue out at me. "Perfect! I love it! So what's the birthday request?"

She proceeded to tell me that it was a bit of a last-minute surprise for her friend since she had recently complained about her unfulfilling sex life. Apparently her friend didn't have very good luck. Mostly pencil-dicked porn addicts that could only cum if they masturbated and preferred their hand to real pussy. She said it was all the worse because her friend was the horniest girl she had ever met, waking up soaking wet and regularly getting herself off two or three times a day. She thought the best birthday present her friend could receive was simply being sexually fulfilled if only for a day.

I was told to do anything and everything and not to leave until I knew I had a satisfied customer. "Have I ever left anyone anything but satisfied customers?" I texted her. I already knew she'd respond in the negative, so I put my phone down and pulled my jeans up over my cock and balls. No reason to put on underwear today. The sad truth was that after a few of my visits to wives, they had lost all interest in having sex with their husbands altogether. I felt bad, but it was nice having "regulars". Honestly the husbands didn't seem to mind too much, as it turned them on to watch me fuck their wives in front of them.

I drove my jeep over to the address she gave me and pulled up in front of the house. There was a car in the driveway and on the street which I assumed was the neighbors. I strode up to the house and rang the doorbell.

"Hello?" asked an older woman, a bit confused and confrontational.

"Cheryl?" I asked, assuming that it must be her.

"She's here. How does she know you?" she said.

"I have a birthday present for her."

"Oh!" she said, suddenly at ease. "I'll go get her and let her know the delivery guy is here."

A young woman with short hair walked to the door, glancing to her mom to see if she would get a hint on who I was. She walked up to me, and staring at my crotch instead of my face, said, "My mom says you have a package for me?"

"Um, I do. Did Kate tell you I was coming over?"

"She texted me about 15 minutes ago, but I didn't read it. Hold on," she said as she pulled her phone out of her pocket, swiped it and read her texts. Her eyes popped wide and she stepped forward, slamming the door behind her. "Not now! My parents are still home! Come back in half an hour!"

"Ok...bye," I said, a bit miffed.

"Come in half an hour," she said, staring at my crotch before heading back inside the house.

"Damnit," I muttered as I got back into my jeep and drove slowly out of the neighborhood. "Fuck it. It's her birthday. I'll see if I can't make it special," I thought as I pulled out my phone and called my friend. " Derick , drop whatever you're doing, I got a favor you might enjoy. I don't care if you're playing mortal kombat with Nate. Fuck it. I'll bring him too. Look, I'm coming over to pick you two up. Be ready." Luckily for me, Derick was only a 10 minute drive. I pulled up to their house and the two hopped into the back of my Jeep. I met them playing video games years ago. Derick was in his late 30s, tall, lanky; the type of guy that could eat junk food all day and never gain a pound. Nate was in his mid-30s and played sports a lot when he was younger; he was stocky and big but not fat, in fact he was a bit of health nut even now. They new of my big cock and my side jobs. They were both curious about my blog after I told some of my crazy stories, and without a second though gave them the link. I think they were surprised to see it for themselves, and teased me about it mercilessly afterwards.

We pulled up to the house about 40 minutes from when I left and I noticed one of the cars was now missing. I explained to Derick and Nate on the way over that it was the young woman's birthday so I thought I'd do something special and bring them over too. They laughed when I told them about how the parents answered the door before.

I rang the doorbell, and the cute girl with the short hair opened the door. She was wearing an oversized black band shirt that hung halfway down her naked thighs. I didn't notice any pants or shoes on. Her eyes fell to my crotch and then to my friends. Her eyes opened wide. "Why are there three of you? Kate only told me about Jeep guy here," she said.

"Kate said it was your birthday so I thought I'd do something special. If you don't like the idea of three cocks pleasuring you I can certainly drive them back h-"

"No no no, they can stay!" she said, opening the door wide for us.

I ushered Derick and Nate in, and closed the door behind us. We walked into the living room and the three of us sat down on the couch while Cheryl stood in front of us, nervous and not sure what to do. "Don't worry about my parents coming back. They're driving to Virginia and won't be back for weeks..."

"That sounds like fun, but we're only here for your Birthday," I laughed. I stood up and motioned for her to come over to me. "No, on your knees," I said sternly. She looked confused at first, but then slowly got down on her knees and made her way over in front of me. "Now, undo my belt like a good pet." She blushed red, but raised her hands and undid my belt. Without being told to, she undid my pants after the belt hung loose. Pulling them down, she let out a slight gasp as she stared at my big thick cock hanging directly in front of her face. She turned even redder but didn't turn away. "Now be a good pet and put that pretty mouth of yours to use." I barely had the words out of my mouth before she had slid the head of my thick cock into her mouth, her hands still on my legs. She began sucking on it like she had never had anything so delicious in her life. Swirling her tongue around the head of my cock, I felt my soft-on grow hard in her mouth in a matter of moments. Feeling my cock grow hard in her mouth like that seemed to really excite her and she started moaning as she sucked it lovingly. 

She pulled my cock out of her mouth, and holding it, felt the weight of it in her hand. "Holy fuck. Your dick is huge! I can't even get my fingers all the way around the base. How big is it?" she asked.

"It's about 8 inches long and 6 inches around," I said, looking down as she held my hard cock in her open palm. She noticed the large amount of precum slowly leaking out onto her hand. Licking her lips she leaned forward and tongued my cockhole, giving it a few gentle sucks before sliding the head of my hard cock back into her mouth. She rolled her tongue over and around it before pulling it back out. 

"I've never had a cock this thick before! I'm not used to keeping my mouth open this wide," she said. She glanced at Derick and Nate, still sitting on the couch on either side of me. Turning back to me, she looked up, her cheeks flush with pleasure.

"You'll just have to keep practicing then pet," I said as I pushed her head back onto my cock. "You do a decent job sucking cock, but can you deepthroat?" I removed my hand from the back of her head to let her show me how far she could take a cock that big. She leaned forward immediately and took it fairly deep before her gag reflex kicked in. "Pet, take your time and show me how far you can take my cock." I put my hand on the top of her head. "Just slide it in and relax your throat. Don't rush it." She slid the head in before rolling her tongue over the head and enjoying the feeling of a big cock in her mouth. Getting a quick taste she relaxed her tongue and started sliding my cock farther and farther into her mouth. I felt the had of my cock hit the back of her mouth and looked down to see she had only managed to get half of it in. She pushed her head forward a little bit, but had to back away as her gag reflex started to kick in. I put my hand on her head and stepped back, pulling my cock out of her mouth. My cock was already dripping precum, which she eyed thirstily. "Well you got me nice and hard, but you've got two more cocks to work on before we even get started. Now get to it pet," I said as I patted her towards Derrick.

Derrick had already been rubbing his hard cock through his pants, and as soon as he saw Cheryl coming over, he pulled his pants and underwear down around his ankles and sat back down. His dick stood straight up in his lap and Cheryl licked her lips as she eyed it. Derrick's cock, though smaller than mine, was still longer than average at just over 6″ but a bit on the thin side. Cheryl held it with one hand and licked the head of Derrick's cock like it was a lollipop while looking up at him. He leaned back and let out a moan. Cheryl slid his cock into her mouth and rolled her tongue around and over the head. She was pleasantly surprised at how much easier it was to suck a thinner cock like Derrick's. It may not have been as exciting, but it certainly made her job easier. She moved her head back and forth on his cock and moaned softly as she closed her eyes. 

As I undressed, I looked over to see Nate standing buck-naked in front of the other side of the couch, his eyes focused on Cheryl while he pumped his cock with his hand. Nates penis fit his body; it was short at just over 5″ long but a bit thicker than average. The combination made his dick appear even thicker than it actually was. He was breathing heavily and I was hoping he wasn't going to waste a hard-on before even fucking, and blow his load all over the floor. 

"I think we're ready to begin," I said as I strode over to Cheryl and removed her oversized black t-shirt to show perky, round C size cup breasts. Pulling her away from Derrick, firmly I told her "Now lay down pet." She obeyed and as soon as she laid down I grabbed her white cotton panties and pulled them off. Even as I pulled them off her legs I could smell the delicious aroma of her pussy. "Nate, she looks thirsty. Why don't you kneel over her face so she can drink that cock?"

As he knelt down, she turned her head to accept his thick little dick into her mouth. His eyes shut as she started sucking harder and harder. "And Nate, you're not allowed to cum yet! We're just beginning!"

I laid down in front of that young pussy and wrapping my arms around her thighs I pulled myself in and licked and kissed the outside of her pussy. Derrick got undressed and knelt over Cheryl's chest and begin nibbling and sucking on her round perky breasts. As she moaned I started licking deeper into her pussy, first tonguing the inside of her pussy lips on both sides, teasing the hood over her clit and then sliding my tongue a tiny bit further in with each lick. She started fucking my face with her pussy so I stopped teasing and slid my tongue in deep to lick the insides of her pussy before raising the tip of my tongue up to flick sideways back-and-forth across her clit. I heard her moaning and she continued to try to fuck my face. My chin felt wet so I lowered my tongue to drink in her pussy and lick the inside of her pussy lips again. She was overflowing. I'd never had a pussy this wet before. I dug my tongue in deep and sucked and drank as much pussy juice as I could before raising my tongue back up to tease her clit. I rolled the tip of my tongue in circles around her clit, first clockwise, then counter-clockwise, and repeating over and over. When I felt she was getting closer to cumming I decided to change things up again and I slowly rolled my tongue and up and down over her clit, giving it a hard flick with the tip of my tongue at the end of each motion. By now her clit was overly-sensitive and it was too much, but I didn't care. I was going to work that clit until I decided she could cum.  

We knew she was getting closer because she started moaning loader, sucking Nate's cock harder and her face became flushed. I stopped rolling my the tip of my tongue around her clit when I felt she was just about to cum, and pushed her thighs up with my arms to raise her butt off the floor. Her tight little asshole exposed, I slowly and softly lowered my tongue to it. She let out something between a yelp of excitement and a moan of pleasure. When I knew she was used to the sensation, I pointed my tongue and stuck the tip of it deep into her asshole. She moaned loudly with Nate's dick still in her mouth. I fucked her that tight hole with the tip of my tongue until I felt her start bucking and moving underneath me. I lowered her ass back down to the ground and then started softly sucking and licking her clit. Feeling her fucking my face, and hearing Nate sounding like he was about to blow his load into her mouth, I decided she would cum now. I moved my tongue exactly the way she liked it, reading her mind by the way she bucked and moved underneath me, responding by going harder or lighter just as she wanted me to. She came hard, moaning loudly with Nate's cock deep in her mouth, and Derrick sucking hungrily on her tits. My tongue continued to work but still listening to her body, slowed down as the last waves of her orgasm faded away.

"Nate, pull that dick out! You're not allowed to cum yet!" I yelled at him. I could tell he was mere moments away, pushed to the edge by her cumming with his dick in her mouth. Cheryl turned her head and looked up at the ceiling, letting his hard dick slide out of her mouth and rest on her cheek. 

"Oh my god that was good! Best birthday present ever," said Cheryl as she laid exhausted on the floor of the living room. 

"That's just a warm-up," I laughed as I rose off the floor in front of her. "We're just getting started. Now stand up pet." I took her hand helped her up off the floor. Where she had been I laid down on the floor. With my right hand, I held the the base of my cock so that my hard dick stood straight up, and with my left hand motioned for her to come over. "Okay, now sit on that big cock," I said while looking her in the eyes.

"I'll try," she said as she shrugged her shoulders. She knelt down and crawled over me and took my cock and held it against her soaking wet pussy. She leaned back so that the head of my dick slid into her eager pussy. "Oh fuck that's big. I need to take this slow," she said, squinting her eyes. I gave her a questioning look because she hadn't even started taking the shaft of my cock in. I raised my head up and started sucking on her perky breasts. She moaned in pleasure and leaned back a little bit more. She took in another inch before she stopped. "Hold on, let me catch my breath." I ignored her and slid my cock out so that just the head was inside her pussy and then slid it slowly back in an inch. Her face flushed red with pleasure and she let out a small cry as she leaned back down and took another two inches into her pussy. "Ow, that hurts," she said with closed eyes, but the tone of her voice said that pain was pure pleasure. She rose a bit, and then slid down to take another few inches. "Oh fuck, you're stretching my little pussy," she said through gritted teeth. I could feel how tight her pussy was on my cock and couldn't believe it. How small were the other guys she fucked? She leaned forward so that only the head of my cock was in. "Ok. I think I take it all now," she said, her eyes wild with excitement. I could feel her wet pussy already covering my stomach and balls with her pussy juice. She bit her lower lip and then slowly slid down in one solid motion, taking my entire cock into her soaking wet pussy. When she bottomed out, she let out a yelp. "Oh my god, my pussy has never felt this full." She tried to sit up straight and let out a cry of pain before leaning forward again. "Ow! My cervix! Holy fuck! You're hitting my cervix!" 

"Some girls like that pain," I said, moving my hands down to grab her nice round ass. I gave her ass a good spank with my right hand.

"I don't!" she said. "That hurts my cervix. I don't like that."

"Ok. Who knows, maybe later you'll like it? But we'll take it easy for now." I pulled her down on top of me and moving just my thigh muscles, I started fucking her tight pussy from below. She moaned into my ear and I grabbed her hair and started fucking harder. "How does my pet like that?"

"Oh, I love it," she pleaded. "Keep doing that!" She started bucking and fucking my cock like that so I relaxed and let her use my big dick to get her pussy off. I put my hands up and played with her nice round tits and took turns sucking each nipple until I could tell it became too sensitive for her. She started huffing and breathing hard out of her mouth. She moved a hand down to her pussy and leaned up a bit so she could work her clit. "Fuck! That cock is so fucking thick! I'm getting close." 

I moved one of my hands from her breast and and grabbed hers. Pulling it up and holding it to my side, I said. "Listen pet, you're not cumming yet. I told you, we're just getting started."

I looked to my side at my tall naked friend, stand there, slowing working his skinny dick. "Derrick, take that KY jel I gave you in the Jeep and lube up your cock." He did as he was instructed and rubbed a good amount so that his entire dick was covered and shiny with lube. "Now get behind Cheryl and slowly slide that cock into her tight little asshole. Slowly!"

Cheryl's eyes went wide and her mouth fell open. She looked at me as if to see if I was serious. I stared back at her and pulled her down closer on top of me, still sitting on my cock, so that her ass stuck up in the air. Derrick knelt down behind her and placed the head of his cock against her tight asshole. "It won't go in. I can't even get the head of my cock into her ass, she won't relax," he complained.

"Derrick, just put the head of your dick against her asshole but hold it still. Do not move it," I instructed him. 
