 By jay.palin © 2008. All Rights Reserved.

I urge you to read the two earlier chapters for background. All characters are at least 18 years old.

When my wife of twenty years and I divorced and I moved from the city to a lakeside cabin in the mountains of California to get away from it all, I had little reason to suspect my life would get more complicated. The fact that the family next door had an adopted teenage granddaughter whom I'd known since she was a child – and who'd had a crush on me for ten years – made my move to the country much more frenetic than before, however. What I'd thought would be a quiet period of recovery from a mid-life marital crisis had instead become an act of balancing the relatively simple day-to-day needs of my existence with the sexual appetite of a hormone-driven teenager. Specifically, I became the lover-on-demand of Jamie, a beautiful, voracious, 18-year-old Latina who cleaned houses for walking-around money.

And she was only part of the story.

Jamie had a best friend, the blonde, statuesque, Dana, a former sexually-abused teen, whose claim to fame in the mountain village to which I'd recently moved was that she'd been the valedictorian of her high school class the previous June. Contradicting that, she'd allowed several sons of the local gentry to gangbang her during her high school years, which had more recently evolved into a bisexual lifestyle highlighted by a lesbian relationship with her girlfriend – my teenage lover – Jamie. 

Until one day in the cabin on my boat, that is, when Jamie was working and Dana seduced me in a weak moment while I was doing some maintenance work. At that moment – though I didn't yet know it – the psychological recovery from my divorce was complete and had been replaced by the insidious lure of a sexual addiction. 

* * * * * *  



The multi-orgasmic Dana and I had just finished fucking for the first time. I was lying on my back on the floor of the boat's galley and she was covered with my semen from pussy to eyebrows while busy trying to resurrect my flagging cock with her hot mouth. That's when my eyes drifted upward – over her head – to the ladder leading up to the wheelhouse. On it stood the shocked, hurt figure of Jamie, who'd caught us in a post-orgasmic afterglow. She nearly broke my heart as she tearfully spoke in a halting whisper, "Dana, honey, you said you wouldn't touch him unless I was around."

I felt sick when I saw the look of betrayal on the sweet girl's face, and – groaning – rolled away from Dana, my half-hard cock slipping wetly from her full lips. Dana was equally surprised, sitting straight up on the floor with her firm 34-D breasts jiggling as she straightened her hair. 

"Jamie!" she gasped, "I didn't expect you ‘til… . Oh, baby, I'm so sorrrry…" .

"It's really all my fault, Jamie," said I, apologetically, looking around for my shorts. "I invited Dana down to the boat."

"And you know what a slut I am!" Dana gushed half-convincingly, as she wiped drying strings of my cum from her tits.

"It's just that I trusted both of you…" Jamie said quietly, turning on the ladder and starting back up to the wheelhouse.

"Wait! I'm coming with you!" said Dana, throwing her dress on and grabbing her boots and bag. Before she disappeared up the ladder, though, she planted a full-mouth kiss on me with plenty of tongue, and filled her free hand with my cock and balls…apparently to let me know she harbored no negative feelings. 

I found my shorts behind the ladder, put them on, and went up to the wheelhouse. The girls had left, leaving me alone to ponder the consequences of being caught in flagrante delecto. As I shakily resumed my varnishing tasks, my thoughts were split between my guilt feelings and how I might make things right with Jamie…and the phenomenal fucking experience I'd just had with her hot blonde friend. 

I worked on the boat the rest of the afternoon and pulled it back into the boathouse before hiking up to my cabin. I hadn't seen or heard from Jamie since earlier in the afternoon so decided to call her on her cell phone.  

"Jesse!" she answered brightly, as if nothing had happened earlier in the day.

"I'm really sorry that I hurt you, Jamie," I said.

"Oh, Gawd, don't worry about it!" she gushed. "I know how hard it is to resist Dana. She told me all about it, an' then we got nice, an'…now it's as if nothin' happened!"

"You…got…nice?" I asked. 

"Uh-huh! Gramps and Gramma were out this afternoon so we went up to my room an'…well, you know…".

The image of the two teenage beauties with their heads locked between each others' trembling thighs flashed through my mind as I asked, "Where are you now?"

"Oh, we jumped in Dana's car after and drove out here to her aunt's place," she said. "I called the people whose house I was gonna clean tomorrow and they said it was okay to come on Saturday. So, I got a day off today!"

"Then I won't see you until Monday evening?" 

"Well, Dana's aunt was hopin' you'd come for dinner tomorrow night. Then Dana an' I could spend Sunday on the boat with you…like we'd planned," she said.

The prospect of driving over an hour to meet Dana's wealthy aunt, and behaving like a monk through dinner with two horny teenage girls – both of whom I'd nailed – wasn't very appealing. However I felt that I owed Jamie something for hurting her earlier, so I accepted. 

"Dress casually an' be sure to bring your swim trunks!" she said, before signing off.

Early the following morning I took the boat out on the lake for a trial run before taking the girls out the following day. Before noon I showered, dressed in khakis, a polo shirt and loafers and drove east through the mountains into the valley to Stateline, Nevada. 

The afternoon passed quickly after lunch. As usual, I joined the legions of Blackjack players whose dollars keep the casinos open and operating. But – I told myself – I was there for the evening to patch things up with Jamie, not to make a killing playing cards. So, at around five p.m. I drove back to South Lake Tahoe, the town next door where Dana's aunt lived, after picking up a couple of bottles of good red wine for dinner.  

Dana's aunt's home was an impressive, gated, two-story affair with a tennis court and large swimming pool facing the lake. A gorgeous, petite, uniformed young Latina answered the door – who I assumed was the maid – told me in heavily-accented English that she'd announce my arrival after inviting me in, and disappeared. After a few minutes she reappeared, told me that the "senora" was on the phone, and offered me a drink. With a generous glass of scotch – which I didn't really need given the booze I'd had earlier at the casino – the diminutive Hispanic girl then escorted me outside to the pool where Jamie and Dana were splashing away like a couple of kids.  

I stood in the shadow of the second-story veranda and sipped my scotch, watching the two bikini-clad beauties romp and giggle playfully until one of them saw me. I hoisted my glass in a toast, and they shrieked and splashed toward me, bounding out of the pool to soak me in a sandwiching hug. Jamie took me first, nearly leaping into my arms to plant her tongue in my mouth while the taller girl, Dana, frenched my right ear, then whispered lewdly, "Ooh, lemme take off these clothes so you can swim with us!" as she groped at my belt. She stopped abruptly, however, as her aunt appeared in the doorway behind us, apparently having witnessed the girls welcoming me. 

"Ladies! Let the poor man relax with his cocktail. He has plenty of time for a swim!" said the woman, whose extraordinary beauty and presence locked up my chest so tightly I found it difficult to breathe. 

She wasn't too tall, only about 5'6", but had an outstanding, well-toned figure rivaling that of her niece, Dana. She must have measured 34D-23-34 and her smooth musculature spoke of many hours in a gym. I guessed her to be in her mid-thirties. She was dressed in a white, snugly-fitting, sleeveless tennis dress with an ultra-short skirt designed to draw the eyes to her sumptuously tanned thighs and tight calves. After I scanned downward from her breasts to her toes in an appreciative microsecond of appraisal, I returned to her face and was met with a bemused look of self-confidence. She tossed her head slightly, shifting her shoulder-length, streaked brown hair that was kept in place with a white headband, and her dark brown eyes glinted as she focused on me. She held out her hand like a queen, as if expecting a kiss on its back.

"Hi. I'm Ginger," she said in a syrupy, cultured, alto voice, her full lips curling so sexily as to make me wonder if she'd had Botox treatments.

"Jess," I responded, shaking her hand slightly before disengaging.

"Well, Jess, if you'd like a swim you're welcome to change in one of the cabanas on the pool deck. I just finished a set of tennis and have to shower and get beautiful before dinner. If you want more to drink, just ask Aurora, whom you just met. For the next hour or so I'll leave you in the capable hands of these two girls. Dana, show Jess every courtesy, will you?" she said, then disappeared inside.

"Oh, for sure, Aunt Ginger," called Dana as her aunt departed and the girl's eyes flashed devilishly at me. Then she whispered to Jamie, "C'mon, baby, grab his swimming stuff and let's get him naked," as she started yanking me – not altogether unwillingly – toward one of the cabanas. 



Inside the canvas hut, they giggled to themselves as they stripped me and I fell – chuckling – on one of the cots to remove my shoes. As I pulled my socks off, Jamie, who was kneeling between my legs, enveloped my rising cock with her mouth, sucking its length past her epiglottis. On her knees next to me, Dana forced me onto my back while probing at my tonsils with her tongue and untying her bikini bottoms at the same time. While Jamie was sucking me hard, Dana then squatted over my chest while facing her – like two cowgirls riding me – and eased backward to my face, poising her pink, shaved pussy directly over my mouth. Unable to see anything other than the slick, parted lips of her cunt and her anus, for one brief moment I oriented myself by reaching up and placing my hands over her cushy naked breasts and – at the same time – felt Jamie position the head of my erect cock against the moist entrance to her own snatch, just before the three of us became a tangle of thrusting, pleasuring flesh. 

Both girls sighed in unison as my two members – cock and tongue – slid in to plumb their moist, hot insides. They immediately began slowly rocking their hips back and forth and mewling in their throats as their tongues lapped at each others' mouths. Soon Jamie broke away from her friend's embrace, groaning breathlessly, "Ohh, Dana, honey, diddle me so I can get off…then I'll do you, okay?" 

I felt Dana's fingers stroking at Jamie's clit just above the base of my embedded cock as it met her moist pelvis. The touches energized Jamie's thrusts on and off me, causing her to take full plunges which – in turn – seemed to draw from Dana sympathetic streams of juice into my mouth as they both moaned and whimpered occasionally in their rising passion.  



"Is it good, Jamie?" asked Dana.

"Oohh, Jeezuss Gawwd it's so good, Dee…he's so big…makes me wanna cummmm," babbled Jamie as she pounded onto my erect pole for a few minutes and Dana flailed away at her clit with three fingers. "Mmmm, keep doin' me…honey…riiiight therrrre!" shuddered Jamie as her hips jammed down and gripped me, trembling as an orgasm began coursing through her that caused her snug vagina to begin spasming around my buried meat. 

For the next couple of minutes all I heard was the breathy, rasping sound of both girls as they licked at one another's mewling mouths during Jamie's shattering climax. As she neared its end she relaxed, her tight grip on my cock loosened, and she eased herself off me to lie on her back. Dana then quickly clambered off of my face, assumed a "69" position over Jamie's head, leaving me panting and still stiff from boning her. 

"C'mon, Jess," she taunted, "you're not just gonna lay there and watch, are you?" As if to punctuate her question, she stroked her round, alabaster ass with one palm and wiggled her arched buns at me wantonly just as – from between her legs – Jamie's tongue lashed out to lick long and wetly up her pink slit. 

These two girls were obviously familiar with mutual cunnilingus. I'd witnessed them when spying on them through binoculars, locked in a passionate embrace in Jamie's bedroom with their tongues up each others' vaginas. But a two-woman threesome was new to them, or so I was led to believe…and was to me as well. So it was with intense excitement that I slipped my cock slowly into Dana's creamy, heated depths, straddling Jamie's head with my knees as I did so, and – once embedded – stirred my probe around to relax her insides before taking six or eight full strokes.

She exhaled and moaned "Oh, fuck, yeeaah!" as one elbow holding her weight gave way and she tumbled onto Jamie's thigh. I grabbed her hips and took a dozen or so more strokes all the way to the hilt, feeling the slick, hot laving of Jamie's tongue on the underside of my balls just before she grabbed my prick and pulled it out of Dana's cunt to suck on it. "Nooo! Jamieeee! It's my turn! Put ‘im back innnn!" Dana whined as my petite Latina lover throated me noisily with her mouth just below her friend's hungry cunt. 

Then, just as suddenly, she slipped me back into Dana whom I continued screwing without missing a stroke, only to be pulled out of her again and throated by Jamie. We repeated this cycle a half-dozen times until Dana was half out of her mind with her friend's teasing and I was nearly crazy from not knowing what next to expect. 

That is, until Jamie slipped out from under her blonde friend, knelt beside her and looked up at me as I continued fucking her. At that moment she wrapped her tan hands and forearms around Dana's round ivory buttocks and pulled them apart lovingly as if to ease the entry of my invasive member. "Go ahead, Jesse," she murmured. "It's okay. I'm giving her to you." She then laid her beautiful cheek on her friend's bottom – just at the top of her crack – and licked her lips, so that her mouth formed a third moist orifice above Dana's pussy and anus. Though my dick was still occupied with the first of these, the fact that all three were now available for my pleasure caused a moment of indecision in me.

"Hurry!" urged Dana, her face resting on her forearms crossed on the cot. "It's getting closer to dinnertime!" reminding us that her Aunt Ginger had given us only a little over an hour to occupy ourselves while she bathed and dressed for the evening meal. 

At that Jamie reached out and pulled my cock from Dana's vagina, thrust her mouth onto it, and swallowed me deeply once, which stimulated me to face fuck her ‘til she gagged and expelled me from her throat. When she did this a copious amount of drool spilled from her lips down Dana's butt crack – coating her rectum – which Jamie then used as a lubricant as both of us eased my organ slowly past the elastic sphincter of her blonde friend's colon. 

I immediately grasped Dana's hips and pushed to enter her further, to which she responded with a deep groan and a backward push of her buns, skewering herself onto me even more deeply. As my pubic hair met her butt, I stirred myself in a circular motion to loosen her asshole's tightness – drawing additional whimpers of pleasure – until Jamie began licking the swollen lining of her colon each time it emerged with my out-strokes. Taking this as a cue, I soon pulled all the way out of Dana and buried my cock in Jamie's hot throat, leaving the blonde girl's pink rectum gaping open with her butt still moving in sympathetic fucking motions with Jamie's head riding atop it. 

Jamie throated me for as long as she could, then finally pulled off of me, gasping for breath, at which point I then re-entered Dana's pussy, much to her vocal delight. We repeated this cycle five or six times until I was standing in a half-crouch position behind Dana, screwing her cunt for all I was worth as she came to a whimpering vaginal orgasm.

As she'd done before, Jamie then reached between her friend's and my humping bodies and pulled my cock from Dana's steaming cunt while I was on an out-stroke, once again to place it at the crimson entrance of her asshole. I slid inside with ease, meeting little resistance, and soon my balls were slapping against her dripping cooze, drawing mild squeaks of pleasure from her each time they made contact. Once again Jamie laid her cheek on Dana's backside as I resumed my position on my knees, so that I could look down at her beautiful face less than six inches from where I was sodomizing her girlfriend.   

"Gonna cum, Jesse?" she asked, softly. "If you are, can I have some? Please?"

That's all it took. It's as if a switch had been tripped in my brain as the first orgasmic buzz hit me immediately, causing me to bury my dick to the hilt in Dana's ass as I felt the first gout of semen race up my cock and splash deeply inside the blonde's bowels. Just as quickly, I growled, withdrew my spewing prick, and plugged her pussy, there to pump another shot or two of cum into her. Finally, the allure of Jamie's open mouth and the mewling sounds she was making as her tongue beckoned to me proved too much for my selfishness. I whipped my dick out of Dana's caressing slit and spent the remainder of my load in the little Latina's throat, only to have her swallow it with a resounding gulp.

"Jamie!" pouted Dana, "I wanted a taste, too!" Dana was still propped on her knees with her ass in the air.

"Bitch, bitch, bitch! Don't I always take care of you? C'mere!" Jamie then rolled her girlfriend onto her back, got between her legs, and sucked the semen residue out of her anus. Keeping it in her mouth, she then sucked the cum out of her vagina. Then, as if it were something they did every day, she bent over Dana's face and – from a height of about four inches – oozed the thick stream of my viscous, gray-green jizzum into her friend's open mouth.

Both girls donned their bikinis and were in the pool before I exited the cabana. When I stepped outside I started to go into the house and look for Aurora to bring me another drink. As I approached the patio door, Jamie called to me and asked me where I was going. I told her and she quickly heaved herself out of the pool and ran to me, plucking the glass from my hand.

"I'll get it for you," she hissed, under her breath. "She's just a cook, Jesse!" she added, as if that occupation rendered Aurora an inferior being. After all, I mused, Jamie herself was soon to be in training as a cook – or chef, rather – in a cooking school. 

I shrugged and dove into the pool, glad that the chlorine would wash the smelly sexual gunk from my body before dinner. I swam a couple of laps and Aurora appeared with my drink, which Jamie directed her to set on a poolside table. I noticed that the stunning Latina had changed from her day costume of two-toned blue pants and blouse to a black and white, French-type, servant's uniform with very short skirt, emphasizing her curvy caramel legs, and a scooped neckline that showed the tops of her full, delicious breasts. 

I climbed from the pool and, as Aurora headed back into the house from the pool deck she must have felt my eyes on her since, just as she reached the sliding glass door, she turned and glanced back to where I was standing, watching her and chewing idly on an ice cube. She flushed and dipped her head embarrassedly as she disappeared around the corner. As she slipped from sight I was somewhat surprised – since it had so recently been put to carnal use – to feel my cock jump in my swim trunks. 
