 "I'd love to take you sailing" I said in my last email. I never really thought anything would come of it though...

So here I am, months later, talking to a couple on the dock about sailing. 

We talk about my boat and we talk about where they're from. I introduce myself and they tell me they're names are Dan & Jill. 

He's about 50 or so and she's appears to be a few years younger. Both are fit and attractive for their age. I too am in my fifties and we seem to have a lot in common. I invite them aboard. I tell them that it is my intention to take the boat out for a sail this afternoon when I'm through with my chores, and I ask them if they'd like to join me.

Dan & Jill quickly respond in unison "I thought you'd never ask!" We all chuckled a bit and agreed to meet back here at the boat in an hour and a half.

I finished my chores and went home for a quick shower.

As I stood under the hot water my thoughts turned to my new friends. I just couldn't shake the feeling that I'd known them... The names Dan & Jill seemed familiar but their faces were not. The fact that they were from Georgia was another puzzling fact because I don't know anybody from there. Still it seemed that they were familiar. I shook the thoughts from my head and finished my shower. I threw on shorts and a tank top and headed back to the boat. 

By the time Dan and Jill arrived I'd readied the boat for departure so I welcomed them aboard, made them comfortable, and opened the cooler full of beers. I tossed off the dock lines, pointed her away from the dock and together we hoisted sail.

Now under sail I cracked three beers and we all settled into the cockpit for relaxing sailing and conversation. It was a truly beautiful day on the Puget Sound. Sunny and in the 70's with a fresh North breeze. The sun was still high and I could feel it kissing my exposed skin. 

They told me they'd been dreaming of this day for months and couldn't believe it was actually happening. I felt very pleased to be able to accommodate their dream!

Jill stood up and asked if she could go up on the foredeck to lay in the sun and I told her to be my guest. I watched closely as her curvy body passed close by and I couldn't help but notice the way her lovely behind moved as she made her way forward. I watched as she casually pulled her top over her head and turned back facing me just as her full round breasts sprung free of her top and bounced back one at a time to her torso. They were mesmerizingly beautiful globes with large dark areolas. Her nipples were hard and pointed slightly upwards. She laid down on the foredeck facing the sun, stretched out, her gorgeous globes in full view.

And that's when it hit me!

I looked at Dan and immediately I could tell he knew.

Dan and I had been trading erotic emails and sharing erotic stories last fall. He had stated repeatedly that he and his wife Jill frequently visited the Pacific Northwest and that he'd love to get together. He repeatedly told me he really wanted to see me make love to his wife because she'd never experienced a really large cock before. He and Jill had talked about what it would be like and she seemed open to the idea, but only if he were there. At the time I was happy with just the erotic fantasies and wasn't really sure I could go through with any of the scenarios that we talked and wrote about. We actually talked about me taking them sailing...

But now here we were. It didn't have to be anything more than a leisurely sail. I could tell Dan was willing to leave it at that. His wife didn't know about our emails so we could just play this out as a lucky happenstance and enjoy sailing in the sunshine.

As these thoughts raced through my mind my eyes glanced up towards Jill's beautiful breasts now glistening in the hot sun on the foredeck. My groin began to stir and I felt the early signs of an impending hard-on. As my cock began to grow and poke out below the hem of my shorts I looked back at a now grinning Dan.

"Just as advertised I see!" He stated with a wink.

"Oh gawd, Dan." I said. "You set me up!"

He went on to tell me that he and Jill had been talking about this for months and that she was really excited about the prospect of meeting me. He said she shared that although she was totally in love and satisfied with him, she really longed for a chance to ride a cock that would completely fill her. They both wanted to share this experience before the opportunity passed.

By now I was fully hard and very exposed. There was no denying my desire. I looked forward and saw Jill, now on her stomach propped up on her elbows and looking at me knowingly. Looking back at Dan I glanced down at his crotch and easily confirmed that although he was hard...he was small.

He looked at me with a sarcastic grin and said "hard as a nail and only slightly larger!"

As Dan steered the boat I removed my tank top and stepped out of my shorts. I stood and began to slowly make my way forward towards Jill. She stared unwaveringly at my hard meat as I moved closer. My cock danced a full 9" in front of my body as I moved. My balls hung low and large, bouncing from side to side as I strode forward. Jill's eyes studied my entire body as I approached, she feasted her eyes on my broad shoulders and stout sailors' legs until I was within reach. I paused as she sat up taking ahold of both of my thighs. She studied my cock and balls as though she'd never seen such a wonderful thing. I pulled her to her feet, holding our bodies close and kissed her full on the lips. Soon our tongues were wrestling and our passion building.

This was all the approval I required.

We both looked back at Dan, still driving the sloop... He gave us a nod.

She kissed my neck as she grasped my chest, moving down she kissed my nipple. She grasped the other between her thumb and forefinger and pulled and twisted. She suckled harder on my nipple until I felt a droplet of precum leak from my cock onto her breast. She felt it too and immediately dropped down and engulfed my cockhead in her mouth. She sucked for all she was worth to get a taste of my seed. Her hands moved to my shaft and balls as she sucked and began to stroke. She was amazed by the girth and length as she wrapped her hands around my shaft and took as much as she could into her mouth.

I looked back at Dan again and he smiled back in encouragement.

I reached down and again brought Jill to her feet. 

Now I kissed her neck as I removed her shorts. I kissed from her neck to her shoulders and then I began to kiss and lick my cumtrails from the top of her now heaving breasts. I licked and kissed all around her huge orbs and eventually took a hardened nipple between my teeth. I held it and pulled it as I tickled it with my tongue. I engulfed all of her nipple and pulled it into my mouth. Jill heaved a heavy breath as I released it with a "POP!"

Now I slowly kissed and licked and suckled my way past her belly towards her pussy. 

As I reached my goal I saw that she had freshly waxed. She was smooth and very wet!

Dan had stated in his emails that he liked a fuller bush, but I let him know I liked it trimmed- or better, smooth! She had obviously gone out of her way to please me. I felt I should reward her for that.

I reached around and grasped both of her butt cheeks and lifted her slowly, laying her slowly down on her back on the deck. I began to lick her crack from end to end. I made circles around her plump pussy lips. I tasted her wetness and teased her how extended clit. I continued to pleasure her as she began to moan and drip. Her breathing became labored and suddenly she grabbed my head. 

Looking me in the eyes she said "Take me now. I need to feel your big cock deep inside of me!"

Dan had specifically told me that she wanted to be taken from behind in a forceful manner so I maneuvered behind her in such a way that she could look at Dan as I fucked her from behind.

I ran my swollen cockhead up and down her crack, mixing our now ample flowing fluids. 

When I felt she was ready I gave a little push and began to enter her tight little pussy.

Jill gasped. I pushed in just an inch at a time as she gasped and cried out with pleasure. She'd never experienced this feeling of being stretched and filled. I pushed in and pulled back with short but ever extending strokes until I was fully plowing her virgin fields deep within. She was literally screaming between her moans as I filled her. She was being touched in places that she'd never before been touched and she was loving it!

I looked up at Dan who now had his own little cock in his hand. He was watching his wife weep and moan and scream as wave after wave of orgasm swept over her. 

I continued to ram my thick, long, hard man-meat into her soaking wet pussy as my balls slapped and her pussy splashed and broadcast sucking sounds across the open sea!

Suddenly I felt my own orgasm spring to the surface with the force of a whale...

I pulled out and sprayed my white hot jism in stream after stream after stream cumming all over her pussy and ass and back!

I leaned forward as we both collapsed on the deck together. We looked up at Dan just in time to see him shoot his streams all over the cockpit and wheelhouse...

We were now just three happy friends on a sailboat.

Guess I'll be washing the boat again tonight.