 CHAPTER 11. "HOMECOMING"

-*- Tuesday, December 4, 2018 -*-

-*- Cedar Grove, Kansas -*-

I cut the engine to the minivan and took a moment to glance around and found myself appreciating the sounds and smells of the old McCarron farmhouse and how they intermingled with the breathtaking scenery. It may have been freezing outside, but I had the window down regardless. Though I hadn't been here -- home - since March 2016, everything seemed so familiar, so reassuring. Not much had changed.

Except for the fact that Dad was no longer with us.

For an instant, I was teleported back to my childhood. Playing catch out in the fields with Dad. Mom kicking a soccer ball back-and-forth with me each morning before the school bus arrived. Looking up to and idolizing my two older brothers. Playing video games (ATARI 2600!) with Hudson. Riding bikes with Carl and him protecting me from neighborhood bullies. And then there was the unquestioned rock star of our family, Janae. I remember trying to sabotage her many dates with Dennis Kendall because I secretly wanted Janae all for myself! Doing daily chores as I got older, from cleaning to feeding to even washing up milkers. Playing wiffleball games with various friends and cousins and swimming in the inground pool.

Alexa and I spent our first Christmas Eve together on this very farm and woke up together, snuggling like two kittens, on Christmas morning. Mom woke us up, even. Alexa was supposed to sleep in my old bedroom that night but refused to leave me after a heartfelt talk, so we curled up on the family room floor and eventually dozed off in each other's arms. Alexa had me on cloud nine that night. I'll never forget it -- that whole Christmas Eve experience -- with her.

I smiled all at the fond memories, otherwise forever lost in time.

I loved this old farm. I always had.

And in recent years, I'd missed it terribly.

Merissa hooked her arm around Alexa's elbow and offered a nervous, halfhearted smile, clearly putting forth her most determined face. "Here goes nothing, Lex. Let's do this." Her voice was tinted with equal parts sarcasm and worry as they slowly trekked from our family minivan toward the old farmhouse where I originally grew up in Cedar Grove.

Alexa raised an eyebrow as I followed them in tow, a toddler on either side of me. "You know what Hudson told us on the telephone last evening, Rissa. Colt's mom is looking forward to seeing you -- really MEETING you -- and I bet her heart melts when she sees that belly that's carrying sweet, little Paxton for the first time. I remember how Judith was when I was pregnant myself." Alexa then motioned back toward Cooper and Madison. "Plus, there's THEM. How is it possible NOT to fall head over heels in love with those two goofballs? I mean, look at them!" Alexa gave a spirited, little head shake, and her trademarked scrunch face. So cute. "Settle down, Rissa. Everything will be fine."

"I hope you're right." Merissa was the more grounded of my two wives and seemed to worry about pretty much everything. Alexa was much more carefree -- go with the flow - brimming with confidence and poise, and rarely dwelled on the negative.

Merissa put a hand on her belly. Unfortunately, her overall worry and anxiety had really ramped up during her pregnancy. Today, she was especially nervous. She had every right to be.

"Hey! That hurts!"

"What?"

"Your arm is hooked so tight around mine that you're squeezing the life out of it." Merissa quickly unlinked and Alexa massaged her elbow with a pouty frown. "You doing okay, baby? You need to sit down for a while?"

"A little nervous, that's all. Hopefully, I'll be fine. And we just had a 35 mile road trip. I've done plenty of sitting. I don't need to do anymore."

My hand brushed along the tree that I used to climb up to my bedroom as we walked around the west side of the house toward the front entrance. There had been a severe fracture through my family in recent years, but hopefully, the healing would start today. I prayed to God that it would. My childhood, though? I was surrounded by love and support growing up on this farm. As an adult now who enjoys recollecting, I wouldn't trade my childhood years for anything.

Alexa nodded at Merissa. "I suppose REALLY meeting an in-law for the first time can make a person stressed." Indeed, today was going to be step one in the rehabilitation process between my mother and me (all of us, really) following the recent death of my father.

Aside from a few words at the funeral, I hadn't spoken to Mom in what seemed like ages. She and Dad simply cut me out of their lives once they found out in March 2016 that, in addition to being married to Alexa, Merissa was going to become my wife as well. Merissa, in fact, eventually became our wife - she married Alexa on March 31, 2016, too.

Mom and Dad were strictly religious and old school. They didn't want to believe that they could have a son who was part of a unique, very different, and controversial relationship, a three-way marriage. It horrified them to no end and they basically disowned me as a result.

But death, as painful as it was, could sometimes bring about a positive change. Yesterday, I reached out to Mom and asked her if we could get together and hash things out. I really wanted her to sit down and make an effort to talk to Merissa and get to know her. They had met before, but always under the guise that Merissa was our close friend, and just a platonic housemate. Thus, Mom and Merissa never really spoke in-depth.

I also told Mom that I wanted her to finally meet and interact with her granddaughter, Madison. "She just had her second birthday," I informed her. "The very day Hudson called and told me that Dad had passed away the night prior. She's never even met you and I'd like for that to change." Madison was such a sweet, little thing, with a loving heart. Cooper, I even said, was curious about Grandma and wanted to know her, too.

I wondered if Alexa felt the same type of anxiety that Merissa did as we made our way toward the front porch. Hell, the same type of anxiety that I felt, even. Alexa didn't appear to, and there was no way that she'd ever admit it. Just not her style. Alexa had been a proponent over the years of me making more of an effort to hook back up with Mom and Dad. Yet I was bullheaded about it and, at times, Alexa would make me so upset that she finally gave up trying to force me to make peace with Mom and Dad about six months ago. Still, I always knew she wanted me to.

Now, at least with Dad, it was too late. He went to his grave without either of us ever making amends. I didn't want the same sad story to be written about Mom. No one did. I knew that she would never really approve of our lifestyle and marriage choices. I just wanted Mom to accept them and allow me back into her life. I wanted our kids to know their grandmother. The woman was 77-years-old, and I honestly didn't know how much longer she had left.

After I knocked on the door, there was no answer, or even a slight noise from within the house, for well over a minute. This made Merissa even more uneasy. "Maybe Judith isn't home. Did you check your voice mail, Colt? Maybe she canceled."

Alexa chuckled. "You wish."

"She won't be happy to see me at all," Merissa fidgeted. "I haven't seen her since 2016. Judith probably thinks of me as the demon spawn that was added to your marriage, your relationship. I'm the one who ruined it." Instinctively, Merissa reached down and clutched Madison's little hand. Above all else, Merissa wanted to protect her daughter - our daughter - from any negativity today.

"Well, you definitely don't look like a demon spawn," Alexa chuckled, taking a step back and eyeing her wife. Desire flashed across Alexa's lovely face as she licked her lips. Merissa wore a casual maternity sweater and a straight pair of linen pants underneath a heavy jacket, and a soft felt hat. "You look super cute, pretty, like a fashion model. And you certainly didn't ruin ANYTHING. You made everything better!" Alexa shifted her focus to Cooper. "Hey, wild man. Doesn't Aunt Merissa look pretty? I say she's a knockout!"

"Yeah," the three-year-old responded.

Alexa threw her hands up. "There you go."

"And there she is," I said, my own eyes wide, as I motioned toward the little garden on the opposite side of the house. It brought back memories, too.

"Isn't it a little cold for Judith to be out in weather like this at her age?" Alexa observed. "It's 29 degrees."

I guided my precious, little family over toward the garden. Mom looked much better than she did at the funeral a mere five days ago. Time had passed, of course, and I'm sure she'd done plenty of grieving since. There was a little more light to her complexion today, and she seemed to be in much better spirits.

"Mom, what are you doing outside in this weather?" I reached down and helped her to her feet as she'd been tending to her flowers. How come they weren't frozen? Wilted away, even? "You're going to catch pneumonia!"

"It's good to see you again too, Colt."

I flinched at my mother's snappy response and noticed Merissa swallow a hard lump in her throat.

Yet Alexa stepped forward and hugged Mom like there had never been any animosity to begin with between us. "You look awesome, Judith!" Alexa stepped back and held her hands out as if she was taking a photograph. "Oh my Gosh. I love the blue coat!" Alexa quickly hugged her again.

"Thank you. I got it years ago at your old workplace -- Simpsons Outpost -- in Cloud City Square."

"I remember that day! I was your cashier."

"Yes, you were."

Alexa touched Merissa's stomach and smiled gently. "Look, Judith. Merissa is going to have another baby. A boy, due in less than two weeks. Just 10 days from now. Next Friday! Another grandson for you."

I watched Merissa's pretty face pink up with embarrassment as she looked on and observed Alexa weave her magic wand. Alexa was an expert talker; a genuine people person, and could have literally anyone eating out of the palm of her hand with just mere words alone. She knew exactly what to say and when to say it, and was even better with body language and mannerisms. It was a gift, not an acquired trait.

"Merissa." Mom sized her up. "My, it's been a long time. How are you doing, dear?"

Mom's gracious, accepting attitude toward Alexa was better than I could've ever hoped for. Where was the disdain for the choices I'd made in life? The woman who never even said a single word to me for two-and-a-half years straight? She'd shut Alexa out too, obviously. Yet just seeing Mom brought the pain of Dad's funeral back, the apologies that were never spoken, permanently lost between father and son.

"I'm doing good," Merissa murmured, frightened.

Mom reached out and gently grazed Merissa's belly. "A boy, huh? He definitely looks ready to come out soon. Does my newest grandson have a name yet?"

"Paxton," Merissa gulped. "My younger brother, he... he was in a motorcycle crash over a year ago in Florida and passed away. We're naming... naming... the baby after him. His name was... is... Paxton, too. My brother, that is."

"Oh, I'm so sorry to hear that." Suddenly, Mom was full of sympathy. "I had two brothers, and both are long gone, too. Elbert passed away in 1979 at the age of 39 and Russell in 2001. He was 58. Russell had a horrible case of diabetes and never did anything about it."

Merissa sniffed her nose. "It never gets any easier, does it? I think about my brother every day. My dad, too. He had a fatal heart attack when I was only seven. In April, it'll be 20 years that he's been gone."

"No, dear." Mom frowned and patted Merissa's wrist. "It'll NEVER get any easier. Of all the people I grew up with -- my parents, both my brothers, aunts, uncles, cousins -- and now my husband, I'm the last one standing. Everyone is gone." Mom turned her focus to me. "A motorcycle accident, huh? You're still not gallivanting all over the countryside and doing God-knows-what on that motorcycle of yours, are you, Colt? I always feared you'd get into an accident, too."

"No." I shook my head. "Gave it up after Paxton passed away." I grasped Merissa's hand and gently kissed her forehead. "Merissa hated seeing my motorcycle in the garage. I sold the thing on eBay."

"You know you didn't have to do that. I know how much you loved your bike..."

"Yes, I did." I focused a rock-solid gaze on Merissa, indicating that we didn't need to talk about this now.

Mom caught on, too. "Well, I'm glad you no longer have it, Colt. That's a relief." She then tilted her head and focused on the one person she hadn't met yet. "Oh, my. Are you... are you... my granddaughter?"

Speaking of Madison, as well as Cooper, they were standing back and looking at Mom with tentative, scared eyes. Cooper was still an infant when he last saw her (aside from the funeral) and, of course, Madison had never even met Grandma at all. I figured that it would take them both a little time today before they were finally able to warm up to her.

"What's your name, pretty girl? Oh, I love your pink jeans and that red coat. Looks so WARM, and comfy."

"Hey Cooper, Madi," Alexa dropped to one knee and pulled them to her in a double embrace. "Hey, listen up. That's Grandma. Why don't you go over and give her a hug? That's Daddy's mommy. Just like Grandma Angela is my mommy and Grandma Michelle is Aunt Merissa's mommy, Cooper, and your mommy's mommy, Madi. Go say hi, give her a hug!" Cooper simply stared at Mom with a look of bewilderment as Madison shook her head and glanced away.

"Are you... little Madi? The one your daddy told me so much about yesterday? Do you have any idea how much your daddy loves you? He went ON AND ON about what a good, little girl you are." Mom smiled at her, then shifted toward the other child. "Oh, my. Cooper. You look even more handsome than you did at the funeral." Still, even with the praise, neither seemed to budge. It was going to take time.

"Cooper looks just like his mother," I observed.

Merissa brought a hand to her mouth when Mom stepped forward and willingly embraced me with both arms. "I'm sorry that your father and I pushed you and your family away for such a long time, Colt." Now I felt overcome with emotion, yet was able to control it, as Mom added, "It's the one thing I regret most in life now. Your father felt the same way. Even if we didn't approve of your choices, or understand them, Phillip and I still should've supported you. For that, I apologize. Your father apologies, too, believe me." She had to force a smile. "How is your practice doing?"

"Great." I was trying my damnedest not to cry after what she'd just said. "I love being a doctor, and I still appreciate it that you and Dad helped push me to be my best when I was in college and going through medical school. It's just that, recently, I haven't worked at all. Not since Dad passed away. I plan on returning next week, but then I'll take another two or three weeks off once Paxton is born. Some of my patients may forget that I'm their doctor!" I took a sip of bottled water to calm my nerves. Was I really, actually talking with Mom so easily, so candidly?

"Cooper, Madi," Alexa continued, "I bet Grandma would like a hug." She was still trying to work on the little ones but didn't seem to be getting anywhere. "Can you give her a hug for me? Pretty please?"

"You gave up your desire to pursue gastroenterology as a subspecialty so quickly after you first met Lexi," Mom recalled. "Do you have any regrets about that, Colt? Not meeting and falling in love with your wife -- your FIRST wife, I guess - but the decision to give up furthering yourself as a doctor?"

Once I met Alexa eight-and-a-half years ago, my life changed in ways that I never thought it possibly could. Work was still vitally important, but it wasn't the end-all, be-all anymore. Trust me, I am _very_ different than I used to be. I'm much more relaxed now - chilled - and enjoy a good time. Alexa (and Merissa) both proved to me over the years that there was much more to life than merely wanting to advance my medical career.

"Not at all, Mom. I'm happier now than I have any right to be. If I pursued gastroenterology, as I did nephrology, it would've taken up all my free time going to class and then having to go through yet another internship. Back then, when I met Lexi, I just wanted to devote all my free time to her." I glanced at Alexa, who was still trying to loosen Cooper and Madison up. God, I loved that woman so much. She was an angel! "I think I made the right decision."

"And now you got a second wife to boot."

"That I do." Merissa blushed once again as I reached over and caressed the back of her neck. "And I love her just as much as I do Lexi."

Mom let out a tiny, little groan and nodded her head once. "And you, dear? How has your pregnancy been?"

Merissa appeared to be standing on burning, hot coals again, just waiting for my mother to say something negative or derogatory. "The doctor says I'm healthy, the baby is healthy, and of course I have Colt and his watchful eye on me every day. If it were up to me, Colt would be my doctor. But he refuses." She patted her belly. "I just wish the little pea in the pod would pop out already. I feel and look as big as a cow." Merissa suddenly sighed, probably wanting to kick herself for saying that. She didn't want to come across as pouty and moody in front of Mom.

"Don't say that, Rissa," Alexa piped up. "You're not as big as a cow. You're just a little... stout."

Merissa broke out into laughter. That was good, especially considering the situation. "Stout? Seriously, Lexi?" Merissa took a swig of Gatorade to help quell her anxiety. "I'm not sure if that's a compliment or not."

Mom reached out and grasped Merissa's hand. "Honey, that's part of being pregnant and motherhood. Besides, look at you. You're glowing! You're the most beautiful pregnant woman I've ever seen in my life!" Mom patted Merissa's hand for emphasis as my wife stared back at her, slack-jawed.

A cell phone rang, and Mom unclipped the device from her belt. Alexa quickly looked at me and we exchanged curious glances.

"Hi. Yes. Oh, that would be great. I'm sure they would love that. Okay. See you soon. Bye."

"Who was that?"

"Hudson and Janae are both coming over for a visit," Mom replied to me. Her phone buzzed this time, and she apparently read a text, then began typing out a response as I looked on, astonished.

"Since when did you get a cell phone? I tried giving you a really nice Samsung three years ago at Christmas and you refused it, made me take it back for a refund. Said cell phones were for... YOUNG PEOPLE." Mom grinned as her frail, bony fingers danced over the touchscreen with ease. "You're texting now too? Seriously?" What had the world come to? Was the sky falling?

Mom shrugged her shoulders. "A lot has changed. The Internet keeps me occupied."

Wow.

"You didn't even know how to turn on a computer the last time I last saw you. Things have definitely changed." She and Dad had been together for the past 59 years. How was Mom coping? "Who were you texting?" Surely, Mom didn't have any friends. She had one friend that I knew of the entire time I'd been alive. That woman passed away 20 years ago.

"I was texting your sister. Hudson was on the phone. Both will be here soon with their families."

Merissa smiled at me. "A family reunion for you."

"How's work going, dear?" she asked Alexa. "Did you get involved with medicine yet like Colt?"

"No, I'm still a personal trainer and fitness instructor at _Urban Athlete_ over in Tiverton. I took some time off for the funeral, obviously, but am going back tomorrow. My first day back. I love it there, but ultimately want to get into the medical field and become a clinical dietician at the hospital. I finished my schooling -- earned my bachelor's degree in Food Science and Technology - for it last year." Alexa smiled and added, "I've been a health nut now for over ten years. That's never going to change."
