 CHAPTER 10. "YULETIDE"

-*- Friday, December 24, 2010 -*-

-*- Cloud City, Kansas -*-

EIGHT YEARS AGO // FLASHBACK

Light sparkled across the pristine diamonds of my late grandmother's ring like glimmers of dreams and imagery from a kaleidoscope. I held the priceless family heirloom between a pair of fingertips and twirled it about repeatedly. Ever since picking up this classic, lustrous ring from the safe deposit box at the bank 24 hours ago, I couldn't stop admiring it. Even now, instead of glancing at the menu here at _Sullivan's Seafood Steak and Oyster House_, a restaurant inside Cloud City Square, I'd pulled out the ring instead.

Again.

I took the day off from work yesterday -- beginning my Christmas vacation early -- and spent all morning in Cedar Grove talking to Mom and Dad. I told them that I was ready to bend the knee and propose to Alexa. But I also needed to know whether I had their approval to offer her Grandma's most prized possession as an engagement ring.

My parents told me that I didn't need permission or any sort of validation from them. After all, Grandma had given me that ring before she passed away several years prior with a purpose in mind, a specific goal. I had to fulfill it for her.

"You worry too much about what other people say about you and Alexa, son. You need to stop and focus on what YOU AND HER want, and what's best for YOU."

Dad was right.

Alexa was an incredible woman and I wanted to spend the rest of my life with her. I'd been so damn preoccupied with what others were saying about us together - the doubters; those claiming that our difference in age (36 to 19) was far too significant for anything to last long-term between us - but I wasn't giving what she and I had together enough credit. Why worry about what others (even some members of my own family) thought when our relationship, though just six months old, was as rock-solid and stable as could be? The sky was the limit. Beyond that, even. Why did I need confirmation from others when I already knew what we had was so incredibly right?

Mom and Dad also had another valid point. I had to follow my heart and do what felt right to me.

I was inching closer, but I wasn't going to propose to Alexa. Not yet, but soon. I seriously considered popping the big question later this afternoon in front of her parents, which would undoubtedly make this the most fabulous Christmas Eve _ever_, but decided against it. Why try and overshadow what was already one of the happiest, most joyous days of the year?

But I was really testing my patience. Perhaps after the New Year, in January or February, I'd officially ask Alexa to be my wife. Finally, I'd get to put a ring on her finger. The same ring my grandmother gave to me five years ago before her passing. Grandma made me promise that one day, I'd bestow her treasured ring upon a special lady who _deserved_ it. I was her last grandchild (there were 16 of us) not to be married.

I owed that to Grandma.

I closed my eyes and images of Alexa suddenly flooded my mind. We'd done so much together in such a short amount of time. Routinely, Alexa and I went out five, sometimes six nights a week and always had a great time. Never a dull moment. There was that afternoon we went ziplining through a 143-acre park downtown. I'll never forget the haunted house we visited on Halloween night (Alexa was terrified!). We tried indoor and outdoor golfing, spent an entire day back at Union Station and Axis Alley, and even went to about 20 baseball games at Kauffman Stadium. And so many countless other dates. Even though the Royals finished in last place (again) at 67-95, Alexa felt sad the season was over. I'd converted her into a true baseball fan, and she was now looking forward to next season.

We even went on a vacation trip together.

The annual fall break at the University of Kansas, a brief respite for students prior to the Thanksgiving and Christmas holidays, provided Alexa and me the perfect opportunity to step away from our routines back in October and do something fun and unique as a couple. It took some convincing on her part -- I hadn't been on a personal trip since Las Vegas in 2007 -- but Alexa insisted that we go someplace for a few days. Actually, work had been really tough, and she wanted me to have a chance to step away from the daily grind, so to speak, and recharge my batteries.

I had mounds upon mounds of unused credit card reward points, so we had our choice to literally go anywhere we wanted, literally free of charge. Airfare, lodging, and rental car costs would all be taken care of. Alexa suggested we hop on a flight to Albany, New York and tour the _National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum_ in Cooperstown. It was a tempting idea, indeed, as I'd always wanted to visit that hallowed mecca and shrine for my favorite sport. Trust me, it's high on my bucket list. Plus, upstate New York is supposed to be gorgeous in the autumn months. There are many other things (besides the Hall of Fame) to do there as well. Why, Alexa and I could even hit Times Square in New York City and do some sightseeing amongst all the lights.

That sure would be quite a stark contrast to what things are like here in Kansas...

We almost decided to go to New York, but then I asked Alexa what the one place was that she'd most like to visit. Her answer? Hawaii, of course, but such a long trip was out of the question since we only had a five-day window for our vacation. I didn't want Alexa to miss any excess school time. If we were to go to Hawaii, I'd want to spend at least 10 days there, if not a whole two weeks. I couldn't be away from work that long, either. Not on such short notice, at least.

Her second choice? Kalispell, Montana.

Honestly, I'd never even heard of Kalispell, Montana. It's a small community just south of the U.S.-Canadian border with a population of about 22,000. Browsing a map, nearby town names include Whitefish, Lost Trail and Lonepine. At initial glance, it seems desolate. Yet Kalispell has an international airport nearby and, what attracted Alexa, is it's considered the gateway to Glacier National Park. She loved the outdoors, I had learned -- hiking, boating, camping, all things nature -- and had forever dreamed of one day visiting Glacier National Park. I enjoyed the outdoors as well, so told Alexa that Cooperstown could wait. We'd spend our first vacation together in Kalispell.

I just wanted to make her happy... that's all.

Still glossing over Grandma's ring here in the restaurant, I thought back to that trip, and a delighted, full-blown smile overtook my face. Honestly, the only reason I agreed to go to Big Sky Country was because Alexa seemed so fascinated by the park. She really wanted to go there -- and had for a long time. I was expecting to spend those five days in the middle of nowhere but learned that Kalispell was one of the coolest places I'd ever been to. Mountains laced with hiking trails through lush ecosystems, torrid rivers for rafting and kayaking, vast lakes ideal for boating, an endless choice of quality restaurants, and the friendliest, most downhome locals you could ever meet.

Every single day we went hiking and exploring -- be it along Highline Trail, Piegan Pass, Iceberg Lake, Virginia Falls, or Herron Park just south of Kalispell -- then we'd spend the evenings enjoying local cuisine and later cuddling up next to the fireplace in our rustic chalet. The whole experience not only solidified my feelings for Alexa but also made me realize that for the first time in my life, I was legitimately happy.

All thanks to her.

I thought about that word for a moment. Before Alexa popped into my life out of nowhere and literally knocked me off my feet, I thought I was happy. I had a job that I loved, made good money, and was always hanging out with my family. Yet now, I understood that I'd never been happy. At best, I'd been content. Treading water, even. My life had been on autopilot ever since I was finally able to put the deceit and lies in the rearview mirror that my ex-fiancé, Suzi Singleton, waylaid me with back in 2004. It was a long, painful process. Although I didn't miss Suzi or want her back, there'd been no happiness in life. She'd stripped it away. I was so lonely and relegated to the fact I'd forever stay that way. I kept afloat with work, always wanting to help others as their doctor and caregiver, and strived to be the best son and brother I could.

Being with Alexa this past half-year, however, offered me a glimpse of what happiness truly was. I'd learned that I was never in love with Suzi in the first place and should be glad the evil witch cheated on me before we nearly got married all those years ago. Hell, I'd never really been in love until I met Alexa... period. Having her as my girlfriend taught me what true love really was. She was a part of me now, and I wanted to devote every waking moment - my heart and soul - to her from this point forward. I wanted to marry her, love and provide for her, and help create and make babies with her. Just spend the rest of eternity with Alexa.

Was that too much to ask for?

Alexa and I spent the night together at my house in Lake Serenity (and made love again), but I woke up to an empty bed this morning. Naturally, I figured that she was in the washroom or kitchen, perhaps fixing breakfast, but then saw a note on the refrigerator door indicating that Alexa had gone off to Cloud City to help her mother with some last-minute Christmas shopping. She requested that I meet up with her at her folks' home at 3:00pm. I was a bit disappointed (but certainly not upset), as I so looked forward to waking up to that lovely, blissful face.

And oh yeah, before I forget -- I'd go back to Kalispell with Alexa in a heartbeat. No doubt. All she had to do was ask. If you're anything like me and you enjoy stumbling out into the wilderness with no rhyme or reason, certainly no particular destination or even a map, you'd love Kalispell as well. Glacier National Park is abundant with wildflowers and pines -- striking landscapes -- and outstanding, panoramic views. Truly an amazing spectacle. Perhaps Alexa would want to go back when the temperature starts warming up?

"Holy shit, dude!" came Ryker Gamble's unmistakable voice from behind me here in the crowded restaurant. "Is that... NO FREAKIN' WAY! Serious, dude? You're going to ask Lexi to marry you?"

I put Grandma's ring back into my suit pocket and gritted my teeth. This wasn't the preferred way to end my daydreaming. I swiveled my head around and saw Ryker standing there. "Thinking about it." When my long-time friend offered me a stunned, dumbfounded expression in response, I squinted my eyes in displeasure. "Where have you been? You're 15 minutes late." Indeed, Ryker was supposed to meet me here for a Christmas Eve lunch at noon.

"What am I going to do now, man?" Ryker frowned and motioned toward my pocket where the ring was stashed. "If you marry Lexi and officially go off the market, who the hell is going to be my wingman? No one is better at it than you."

I grunted at him. "I've been OFF THE MARKET for six months. And never once was I your wingman."

"Of course you were." Ryker laughed heartily, insinuating surprise that I denied it. "Why do you think I always used to ask you to go out to the bar with me every Sunday night?" An attractive blonde walked by, and Ryker flashed that big smile at her.

"Friendship?"

"Nah, dude." He admired the shapely blonde as she walked away for a few seconds (she had a boyfriend with her) before turning his attention back to me. "Fuck that. It's because I was looking to hook up with a hot chick LIKE THAT before another week at the office started. You know, when I have to be a DOCTOR and act professional, all straitlaced and rigid. Like you do all the time! I mean, what better way to begin the week than by getting laid?" He glanced at the woman one final time. "There is no better way."

That may have been the case for Ryker, but it was the polar opposite for me. He lived his life at breakneck speed. Especially when it came to chasing women and bedding them. Every time I talked to Ryker, it seemed, he had someone new in his life.

"Dude, you were the ideal wingman. There is no easy way to replace that level of excellence."

I chuckled heartily. "I don't know what to tell you. Guess you're just going to have to find a new one."

"At least you've been crushing your fair share of puss lately. It's about fucking time."

"Ryker!" My temper spiked. "I told you to cut that out. DON'T talk about Lexi that way." It upset me whenever he spoke about Alexa in such crude terms. One of these days, I feared I may deck Ryker in retaliation. His free passes were coming to an end because my patience was wearing thin.

"Settle down, bro. You know I'm only joking." I slowly shook my head, withdrew the engagement ring from my pocket, and held it out for him to see. He took a seat at the restaurant table and tilted his head, inspecting the ring for a second or two, but then in customary Ryker style, a look of disdain flashed across his face. "Are you really serious about marrying the teenybopper?"

I looked up and noticed a young father pass by us in the restaurant while his wife followed close behind with a baby cradled in her arms. That was what I wanted. That life.

With Alexa.

"Yes, Ryker. I'm dead serious. More serious than I've ever been about anything. You have NO IDEA how serious I am." And I was getting tired of him discrediting my relationship with Alexa because of the difference in our ages. Obviously, Ryker wasn't the only one. The lecture was getting old. This so-called teenybopper he kept referring to had more sense and maturity than any woman I'd ever known.

"Obviously you're serious," Ryker conceded. "I'm hoping for the best when it comes to you and Lexi, man. If anyone, you deserve some happiness in life."

"Thank you. That means a lot coming from you."

I'd been out bar hopping and chasing after women with Ryker more times than I could count, but even so, I'd always believed work was more important than my social life. Even when I was in college, I concentrated on my studies throughout the week and partied only on the weekends. Trust me, I've had my fill of good times and wild rides. And since I opened my practice seven years ago, my priority has been to grow the business, make it bigger, and more profitable. I was finally in a good spot nowadays, and thus, it was time to shift focus and concentrate on the part of my life I'd been neglecting.

Ryker was grinning again. "That's a nice ring, man." Ryker was a big guy who didn't fit the stereotypical image of a doctor. He was slick as could be, very outgoing and gregarious, and when he wasn't working, he picked up women and took them home like it was nothing. The total opposite of me. Ryker could make (almost) any woman feel special and cared for within just a few minutes of talking to her, yet had no issue breaking her off at the knees whenever he got what he ultimately wanted. He was unapologetic and had little to no regard for their emotions.

Me, personally? I was done with one-night stands; trying to smooth-talk and manipulate my way into the good graces of others. No more games. As I've gotten older, I realized not only was that type of life not fun, but even worse, it was very unfulfilling.

Despite our differences, Ryker and I got along. We were business partners and had been the best of friends for the past 18 years. Down deep, Ryker was a good guy, a good friend. He'd never done me wrong.

Without his help and dating advice, I may not have lasted this long with Alexa.

"It was my grandmother's ring," I said in response. "You remember Grandma Donna, right? You were at her funeral in 2006. I thought about buying Lexi a brand-new engagement ring - one all her own - but I decided to honor Grandma's memory and use this as THE ring instead. Besides, I doubt I could find a better ring - a more suitable ring - for Lexi than this." I smiled and ended, "I like... the way it sparkles."

Ryker laughed. "The way it sparkles, man?"

I looked up and, from across the restaurant, saw one of the waitresses -- Mackenzie Velazquez -- approaching us with two coffees and a basket of hot bread in hand. I had an on-again, off-again friendship with Mackenzie. She was such a good, nice girl. Mackenzie's dark, lively eyes locked squarely on me as she grinned and set down the goodies. "I got your coffee just the way you like it, Colt. A Viennese with extra whipped cream and chocolate sprinkles."

Although Alexa was dominating every thought of mine here lately, I couldn't help but take an instant or two to assess the lovely 23-year-old standing before us now. It appeared as if Mackenzie came to work this morning with her hair pinned up, but with this being Christmas Eve and the restaurant incredibly crowded and busy, her messy bun of obsidian black tresses had since slipped to the base of her neck. Mackenzie had the face of a cover-girl and a sleek, dark complexion, highlighting her rich Puerto Rican heritage, and a curvaceous, fit body that dreams were made of.

"Hey, where's my special coffee?" Ryker chimed in. "You bring Colt a specific cup, but not me? All I get is a plain, standard cup of decaff? What the hell? I'm special, too!" He winked an eye at her. "Or would you prefer that I give you something special myself?"

"PLEASE." Mackenzie -- or Kenzie as I often called her - rolled her eyes. "Ryker Gamble, I wouldn't be caught dead with the likes of you."

"Aww, come on. Don't be that way, Maxie." Maxie? "It's Christmastime. You're way too hot of a chick to be going around with a sour attitude like that. I think you need a real MAN in your life." Ryker shot Mackenzie his standard, charming smile. "What time do you get off work? Why don't you and I hang out together tonight? Who knows?" His eyebrows wiggled playfully. "I may even stuff your stocking."

Mackenzie's face scrunched. "You're disgusting."

"Oh, that was bad, bro," I said to Ryker. Truly one of his worst lines of all-time. "Real bad."

Then again, Ryker realized that he had little to no chance with Mackenzie. He'd been hot on her trail for two years but to no avail. At this point, why not try some tacky pickup lines? What harm could they do? Mackenzie was one of the few women who saw through Ryker - his suave, playboy persona - and rejected him every time. She absolutely refused to be another proverbial notch on his bedpost.

And even though he'd never admit this to me, but I knew it tore Ryker up inside. Mackenzie was someone he was very attracted to, but she had no interest in him. Ryker was used to getting whatever he wanted.

I had a brief fling with Mackenzie in the past, but nothing ever came of it. I still considered her a friend, though, and she was one of the reasons why I enjoyed dining here at Sullivan's Seafood Steak and Oyster House - the restaurant where she worked - so much.

Of course, another reason was that Alexa's best friend and roommate, Merissa Harvey, was a waitress here as well. Speaking of genuinely nice girls, I wanted to wish Merissa a Merry Christmas just in case I didn't see her until after the holiday had passed. I also had a little something for her in my front suit pocket. I'd asked Ryker to specifically meet me here for that reason.

"I hope Santa Claus brings you a big lump of coal." Mackenzie stepped away when Ryker tried to reach out and grasp her hand.

In turn, he put both elbows onto the table and gazed dreamily into her eyes. "I got a big lump of something waiting for you, baby girl. Why don't you come home with Daddy tonight? I'll even give you a spanking before tucking you into bed."

"Oh, wow," I groaned in astonishment. Did Ryker really just say that? The man had no shame!

