 Amy and Jennifer had known each other for years. They had been the best of friends since junior high school. They were both cheerleaders, both in drama club, both in honor society, both lived on the same street for most of their lives. They over the years, became, inseparable. Together all the time. Where you would find one, you'd find the other. They were simply, the best of friends.

During college, which they attended and roomed together, they decided to give into forbidden curiosities and experiment with each other. These fantasies and feelings had been kept hidden and were pushed down deep through the years. Both felt it was not an acceptable temptation. Both had steady boyfriends. Neither considered themselves to be gay or bi-sexual. They just enjoyed how they made each other feel. Physically and emotionally. So at times, they would give in to this and have a secret moment of bliss.

After college, Jennifer moved some distance apart. Each having to move on with their own life and career. They got together as frequently as possible to chat, have dinner, and catch up on all the changes in their lives. But it wasn't the same. Time and distance had placed a wedge in between them. They were still friends, just not as close. That bond had been a little strained.

One fourth of July weekend, Amy decided to visit Jennifer in the city. Jennifer was an ad executive at a large company. She lived in an apartment in one of the high rise buildings. The ones with tons of glass windows and swanky furnishings. All sleek and modern looking. Jennifer was happy to see Amy as always. 

That evening they went out to dinner and then went walking in the city. Taking in the air and doing some window shopping. Then Jennifer had an idea. She knew that Amy had stayed back in their small hometown. Amy worked as a free-lance photographer. Doing weddings, events, and natural landscape photography. There wasn't much to do there. In the little town back home, football games on Friday nights were about it. And she was past the age to want to go watch high school football.

So Jennifer asked Amy if she would like to go to a bar later that night. Just to have a few drinks and unwind. Catch up. And get some of the nightlife she'd been missing. Amy agreed, excited at the prospect of dressing up and hitting the town.

The bar was called StillWell's. It was a small quaint place, about three blocks from Jennifer's apartment. Safe walking distance for them should they imbibe a bit much. The inside walls were pinkish/brown brick. The floor was a glossy oak hardwood. There were black leather booths w/black marble tops. A huge oak bar was in the corner of the room. Stools covered in black leather lined up along it on all sides but one. There was a live band playing. They covered an eclectic array of tunes from the 70's to present. In the back area of the bar was a pool table. The women were shown to a booth and placed an order for drinks.. Both having long island ice tea. Then they got up to go to the powder room to freshen up.

Both stood in front of the mirror and looked at their reflections. Jennifer was statuesque. Tall at 5ft 10 inches without heels, with a lithe sporty body. Dark brown hair w/golden highlights fell around her shoulders. Smokey blue eyes, framed with thick lashes. She applied more gloss to her lips. Her skin tone was golden year round. Amy was the complete opposite. At only 5ft 4inches tall she was the odd one out. She had blond hair that curled and waved in a wild halo about her head, ample curves, had porcelain skin, full lips, and jade eyes. She applied more powder to her face.

The ladies returned to their booth and their drinks and began to sip as they slipped back into an old familiar friendship. They discussed work projects, family members, changes back home, changes in the city w/Jennifer. They finished the first drink and ordered another round. Both knew that alcohol went straight to their heads, so they decided not to go past three of these tonight. Neither wanted to wake sick in the morning. They had done enough of that in college. 

When they began sipping their third drink the door to the bar opened and a group of men came in. All seemed to be in their late 20's or early 30's. They were joking and laughing. Heading to the pool table in the back. The last one to come through the door was sinfully handsome. Tall, with black hair, emerald eyes, a killer smile flashed at the ladies showing straight white teeth. His lips were full but masculine. He nodded to the women and followed his buddies to the table. 

The two women watched as inconspicuous as they could as the men played pool. Both talking about how hot the one guy was. Throwing out the inappropriate comment here and there about what they'd like to do to him. Or have done to them. When Amy looked toward the table for the hundredth time, Mr. Sexy was looking right back at her. It was someone else's turn to play so he stood against the wall waiting. Watching her. Nervously she smiled and looked back at her drink. 

The alcohol was making her mind a bit hazy and she started to giggle. One of the side effects of drinking was enhancing her giddiness and infectious laughter. As well as lowering her inhibitions. Inhibitions that it seemed Jennifer no longer had, now living in the city. She had turned loose of all her religious conflicts about life long ago. No matter how hard she tried, Amy could not turn off the giggling. Jennifer started laughing too, wanting to know what was so funny. Amy explained that he caught her looking at him, but was looking at her himself. 

They were finishing up their last drink when Mr. Sexy approached their table. He carried a small glass of jack/coke with him. He pulled up a chair to their booth. Turning it around and straddling it backward. He leaned on the back of it. Making the muscles in his arms bunch up. He introduced himself as Adam. A local fireman. He began to make small talk with the girls. Swapping histories, etc. and asked if they were gonna be able to get home safely, seeing how they both were a little more than a bit tipsy. Then seeing her opening, Jennifer asked him if he could walk the two ladies back to her apartment. Just to make sure they made it ok.. Amy's eyes threw daggers at Jennifer. This was so embarrassing. Adam sauntered back over to his fellow firefighter buddies and told them he was leaving to walk them home.

The ladies paid the tab and tipped the bartender. Both a little wobbly on their feet, they felt a large warm hand on each of their shoulders helping them balance. Once they were stable, they began to head out toward the apartment. They walked the three blocks babbling on and on about nothing.. But throwing out flirtatious remarks all at each other. They reached the door of the building. Adam turned to leave, telling the girls goodnight and to sleep well. Then, to Amy's horror, Jennifer asked him to come upstairs.

They stepped into the elevator. Jennifer pushed the number 8 for her floor. The doors came open with a ding and she led the way to her apartment. All three went inside and Jennifer sat in a plush green chair. While Adam and Amy sat on the matching sofa. They talked a bit more. The alcohol was beginning to hit the ladies by this time pretty hard. Jennifer stood and grabbed Amy's hand and headed to the bedroom. Telling Adam that they had to talk a minute and would be back. 

They got to Jennifer's room and Amy looked at her questioningly and a bit hazed. Jennifer got a wicked gleam in her eyes. And proposed that to really make their friendship fully intact again they needed to get back in touch sexually. But this time, she didn't want to only experiment with Amy. She wanted to add Adam to the mix. 

This was all new to Amy. Other than the few experiences she had with Jennifer, she had only had sex with two men. And neither of them were anything to brag about. And she was unsure of herself. Of the situation. After some eager coaxing from Jennifer, and the mist in her head, she agreed to at least try.

Both girls sat on the edge of the bed. Then Jennifer called for Adam to come into the room. Thinking that they needed help, he came in ready to lend a hand. Be it to help a sick woman, or tuck her in. What he did not expect was to see Amy and Jennifer already undressed down to their bras and panties. Sitting on the bed together. A bit taken aback he looked first from one to the other woman. Asking the question with his eyes, daring not speak. The question of is this happening?

In a silent answer Jennifer motioned for him to sit in the blue microfiber chair in the corner of the bedroom. Then, slowly she leaned in and took Amy's mouth in a chaste kiss. First just a meeting of the mouths. Grazing one another. Then both mouths opened, welcoming the glide and slide of tongues. Amy moaned with the headiness of it. Remembering all their college trysts. She kissed Jennifer back, becoming more bold with each kiss and caress. Jennifer and Amy removed each other's bra's at the same time. Allowing Jennifer's high small breasts and Amy's heavy, perky ones to fall free from the restraints. As they kissed their hands roamed feeling nipples, pinching, rubbing, flicking. Each emitting little cries from the other, which were swallowed up by the other's mouth. 

They finished undressing each other. Tossing sheer lace panties to the side of the bed. Both were naked to each other and to Adam's gaze. He sat in the corner watching the women kiss and fondle one another. His need growing. He began rubbing himself through his jeans and boxer shorts. Jennifer laid Amy back on the bed and began kissing down her body. Then she began to play with Amy's engorged clit. With fingers and tongue. Amy moaned and thrashed her head back and forth on the bed. Caught up in the abandon of it all. This only fueled Jennifer on. She began licking harder, faster, sucking more on the clit as she pumped two fingers into her friends pussy. 

Then Jennifer looked at Adam. She asked if he just wanted to watch, or did he want to join in. He stood up a little too quickly he thought and walked toward the bed. Jennifer quit pleasuring Amy and both ladies sat up, looking at him intently. The stood and began to undress him. First pulling the black t-shirt that hugged and fitted him closely up and over his head. Revealing broad shoulders, a muscular chest/torso, and those muscled arms. He kicked off his shoes and socks. Jennifer then reached for his belt buckle. Slowly she removed the belt from his pants hearing the cling of the buckle coming undone and the slide of the leather going through belt loops. Growing more confident Amy joined her and began to unbutton his buttonfly jeans. No zipper. Just buttons. Each one popped open with a small sound. And with each button a little more of him became visible. This turned on the girls even more. They finished with the buttons, pulled the jeans down his legs and he shook them off. They were on their knees before him. Each woman took one hand and hooked fingers in the waistband of the boxers covering him. Slowly they pulled them down, and he sprang free. Already hard and erect with desire and want. 

Looking up at him through lashes, with looks of naughty nymphs at the generous treasure before them, they both brought their mouths closer to him. While each rubbed him with their hands. Together, they touched his aching cock with tongues. Licking, nipping, sucking, and biting him as they went. Occasionally allowing their lips and tongues to meet and kiss each other. Alternately one would suck on him. Taking the head in her mouth. Then pull him deep in her throat. Tugging on his ass to pull closer. Then she'd pull away, and the other would repeat the motion. Over and over this went on. Hands, tongues, teeth, and mouths lighting a fire within him. 

Both girls then stood and laid down on the bed. Amy laid on her back. Spreading her legs so he could see the bare skin of her pussy and the wetness gathered there. Jennifer was at her head and torso rubbing Amy's nipples. Pinching, sucking, and playing. Adam sank to his knees on the plush carpet. As he came closer to her core, he smelled the delicious arousal coming up to meet him. He began by giving a slow, long, hot lick up her slit. Teasing. Then fixated on her pulsing clit. He tongued it. First with tip, then with the broadness of it his tongue. Licking circles. Then up the sides. Flicking underneath. Sucking her in. Biting her gently. Pulling it into his mouth. She was writhing on the bed. Jennifer's pussy was now on Amy's face. Jennifer was riding Amy's mouth and squeezing her tits. Moaning and crying out. 

Adam took his tongue and decided to see how far he could push Amy. She was his favorite. She didn't know it, but it was true. He preferred curvy women. It made them a woman. He slid his tongue inside her deeply without notice. Her hips came up off the bed. Meeting his mouth driving him deeper. He stabbed in and out of her over and over again. Sometimes slow, causing an aching need, a fire to build. Then at times quickly fluttering, making her shudder. He lapped at her. All the while watching Amy hold Jennifer's hips and do the same thing to her. The long pink tongue snaking out and entering Jennifer's pussy. Tasting her. Devouring her. 

Jennifer's moans and screams started to heighten as she became more excited. She bucked her hips, grinding her pussy against the mouth underneath her. Amy moaned and thrashed from Adam's tongue. And he was getting so close just from watching both of them. He entered two fingers into Amy and she screamed. Causing a vibration to enter Jennifer's pussy. Which brought a new flow of curses from Jennifer's mouth. 

It was clear that Amy was ready and wanted penetration. He stopped torturing her clit, and stood up. Amy stopped licking Jennifer. He told both girls to come to the bottom of the bed and get on hands and knees facing the headboard. Their desire made them comply without question. Both ready for whatever he was going to give them. 

Both girls simultaneously felt a warm hand cup and begin to rub circles on their ass cheeks. He was kneading them. Massaging them. He took two fingers on each hand and penetrated both of them at the same time. Moving the fingers in and out in the same rhythm and speed for both. They moaned, pushed back against his fingers, and begged for more. He added a third finger. Repeating and switching up the motions. Then added a fourth. They were so ready for him.

The girls couldn't see because of their position. So he used that to his advantage. All of a sudden he shoved his cock inside of Amy. Sinking deep into her heat. Her wetness drenching him. He pushed hard. Then he pulled out. Then he moved to Jennifer. He pushed himself into her pussy, pushing deep and hard. Then out again. Then into Amy. Pushing in hard and fast, pulling out slowly. Then back into Jennifer. Then back into Amy. Then back into Jennifer. Each getting a turn with him. Then he speeded up and the penetration lasted longer with each girl. While he fucked one with his cock. He fingered the other. Occasionally smacking the pussies in front of him. 

Both women were crying out. Making little mewling sounds. Panting and cursing. Begging to be finished. He decided he wanted to fuck Amy into a climax first. He took her and flipped her over onto her back. Pulled her to the edge of the bed. And filled her in a quick stroke. He began to pump her. Hard. Fast. Short strokes. Long strokes. Varying them alternately. He looked into her eyes and leaned over taking her peach nipple in his mouth and sucked deeply. Speeding up he fucked her. Holding nothing back. She came around him. Cursing, pulsating, and quivering. He was soaked with her wetness.

Then he looked over at Jennifer who had been watching and touching herself. He turned her back onto her stomach. Her ass in the air, but her breasts and torso flat on the bed. He stabbed at her. Thrusting fast. Deep. Giving no quarter. He continued this thrusting. Stopping and holding still within her when he came too close to spilling. He knew she was close by all the sounds and movements of her body. With one last plunge he drove home and she came crashing around his cock.

He too was ready to cum. Pulling out he ordered the girls on their knees in front of him. They obliged. He stroked his thick long cock until he began to feel that tingle. That feeling that it was about to happen. He unleashed the flow of cum in spurts on the girls faces below. The liquid ran down their faces, necks, and dripped onto nipples.. Trailed down stomachs. Then he almost came on the spot again when the girls turned to one another and started kissing deeply. Licking his juice off their faces.. And following the trail wherever it went, lapping and licking it all up. They looked at him when they were finished. And pulled him to the floor. Then all three began to kiss. And he tasted pussy and his cum. It was the most erotic experience of his life. 

Adam asked if he could shower before leaving the apartment. Jennifer agreed and showed him to the bathroom, explaining where towels and such were kept. While he showered she returned to Amy in the bedroom and they lay on the bed. Laughing and talking about what had just happened. About how now their bond seemed to be strong again. Mischief and fun lighting up in their eyes. 

Adam returned looking freshly showered and thanked the women for the experience. Then he left. The girls waited a while and then decided to shower themselves. To clean up. Both were sticky messes. They went into the bathroom and Jennifer adjusted the hot spray of the dual head two person shower to the right temperature and set the shower heads to a pulsating massaging speed. Then both got in. Soaping each other up. Washing each other's hair and bodies. Cleaning the traces of cum. Sweet smelling soap filled the air. Soon, unable to resist, the girls began to explore one another. Kissing, licking, and teasing with mouths, tongues, fingers, and hands. Taking their time as the hot steam filled the room and water cascaded and sluiced down their bodies. They pleasured each other once again. Bringing themselves to newer heights. Higher climaxes. Oh yes. The friendship was definitely back to being intact. And all of a sudden Amy started to think that maybe she could do photography in the city...