 CHAPTER 8. "ROADBLOCK"

-*- Friday, September 3, 2010 -*-

-*- Cedar Grove, Kansas -*-

EIGHT YEARS AGO // FLASHBACK

"I'm going slow with Alexa. It's called taking baby steps. And it's paid off so far, I'd say." I picked up the appetizer plate of chicken tenders and motioned toward Hudson, who promptly shook his head. Then I extended it toward Janae "Sis? You want another one? They're delicious."

"Sure." She tossed her dark, wavy hair over her shoulder, smiled, and took a piece. "Thanks, Colt." If there were an award for _Mom of the Year_, Janae would've won it many times over. She'd been texting back-and-forth with her 21-year-old son, David, for the better part of an hour. David was enlisted in the United States Navy and currently stationed in Norfolk, Virginia, but was getting deployed soon. One day, he wanted to be a Navy SEAL. Janae's three kids meant everything to her, but none more so than David. Her firstborn, he'd always been the most precious.

I was enjoying lunch on Friday afternoon with my big brother and big sister at _Poole's_ in Cedar Grove. It was so nice to embark on yet another three-day weekend from work. Our old family farm, the place where we grew up, was less than a mile away. Of course, being in this general area, I'd see Alexa soon enough. She was currently attending classes just up the road at the University of Kansas in Lawrence.

I hadn't seen as much of my family as I was accustomed to lately. Alexa and I had been dating for over two months and I was ecstatic at the progress we'd made in our relationship thus far. Hudson and Janae both lived here in Cedar Grove, a small farming community that fit the stereotype for down-home, quiet, midwestern life to a tee. You know; cornfields, cow-tipping, denim overalls, and country music. Why, a night out on the town in Cedar Grove is basically just a trip to _Walmart_ in your _John Deere_ tractor (well, not really). Some even jokingly referred to the town as _Smallville._ Mom and Dad still lived in that same, old house. They'd never leave it.

"How can you be dating a 19-year-old college girl since the early part of the summer and you haven't even DONE anything with her yet?" Hudson was a decade older than me and very perplexing at times. Even now, at 36, I was still his _baby brother_, and he often treated me as such, continually questioning my viewpoint, my decisions, even my motivation. He was, in many ways, my biggest detractor. It was very disheartening. "What the heck are you waiting for, Colt?"

"Oh, leave him alone." Janae glanced up and scoffed at Hudson. At 49, she was the oldest of my three siblings. Carl, my other brother (also older) lived in Utah. "Lexi is the nicest and most downhome girl that Colt has ever dated. Probably the most mature, too, which is saying something considering how young she is. Let him go at his own pace. Sometimes, these things happen naturally."

I brooded inwardly as Janae and Hudson debated my intimate love life (or lack thereof) in this circa-1940s diner with its seasonal comfort food, cocktails, and house desserts. Perhaps it was a mistake to tell Hudson that Alexa was still a virgin, and that she and I had yet to _seal the deal._ But he was my big brother, and I felt as if I needed advice.

Yeah... big mistake.

"You don't make a move on her soon, you may just wind up losing her."

Hudson's theory scared me, and I knew it was a distinct possibility. Shortly after we met, Alexa and I went to Evergreen Cinemas in Cloud City one night and it was there that she confided that she was still a virgin. How is it that a girl as gorgeous and as utterly breathtaking as Alexa could still be a virgin at her age? This isn't the 1950s anymore.

No matter. Despite that, I respected the fact Alexa was still a virgin - perhaps there was a reason for it? - and did my best to keep my physical urges for her in check. Especially around her, mind you. We hadn't really spoken about it since that night at the movie theater. Yet two-plus months of constant togetherness seemed like an eternity to fend off my growing, primal need for a girl who enjoyed hugging and kissing on me at every opportunity. Being apart from Alexa one or two nights a week helped, believe it or not.

But I was still a human being - a man - with urges. I had people like Ryker in my ear telling me that I needed to make a move on Alexa and _crush some puss._

And now Hudson too, apparently.

Just not as crudely.

In the end, I simply wanted to do everything right in our relationship. I didn't want to screw anything up. I didn't want to push or prod Alexa in any way, shape or form, and perhaps make a grave mistake. I was willing to wait for the woman that I ultimately wanted to marry. Wait for her on everything.

But I still had those urges. _Many, many urges._

I must admit, the idea of having sex with a virgin at this point in my life - age 36 - seemed, at least on the surface, awkward. _Very awkward_, in fact. I cannot lie about it. Yes, it was the specter that kept following me around, the elephant in the room - our age difference. Granted, if Alexa were older, perhaps still a virgin at my age and _waiting for the right man to come along_, I'm terrified that I'd assume she's a crazy perfectionist and break up with her. That wouldn't be fair on my part, but because of Alexa's actual age, her youth, I could give her a pass on this.

Some people need to wait and take things slow, but I do believe that sex is an essential part of any successful relationship and declaring it must be put off (especially between two consenting, healthy adults) can be more detrimental than helpful. Did Alexa feel this way? Was she putting sex off between us for a reason I didn't yet know? Remember, the topic only came up one other time - that night at the movie theater. Since then, it wasn't like Alexa was shooing me away if I ever wanted to hug and/or kiss on her.

She never once rejected any of my advances, so...

Perhaps it was me. It was, actually. I was too afraid to act on those urges. I once read that if you have sex with a virgin, you should consider emotions and history - not the so-called innocence and purity - because there's a good chance you're going to be an integral chapter of that person's life story forever.

_What if I'm the last guy she fucks?_

An inner thought - a question - that I've been wrestling with lately. What if I'm the last guy she fucks? Crass and never something I'd say out loud to her, yes, but it meant so many different things, and could be construed so many different ways. Of course I wanted to be the last man Alexa was ever with - I wanted to marry the girl, help her make babies, and spend all of eternity with her. That should be a given by now.

But being the first and (perhaps) the last brought with it a heavy dose of responsibility.

In my private moments lately, I'd concluded that I wanted to ensure that if Alexa and I ever make love, she is absolutely sure that she wants to do it. With me. This couldn't be my decision or our decision. It had to be hers, and hers alone. End of story. Mind you, this had nothing to do with confidence issues or a poor self-image on my part. Instead, I just didn't want Alexa to feel, maybe 20 years in the future, that she gave her virginity to the wrong person or it was the wrong time, the wrong circumstances, whatever. I wanted everything to be... perfect... between us.

Too often I have read and/or heard accounts from women saying they were too young and felt pressured when they lost their virginity. I have a patient, in fact, who confided in me that it happened very quickly for her and hurt terribly. She went home bleeding and cried herself to sleep in a bubble bath, then spent the next month worried and frantic that she may be a pregnant teenager. Fortunately, she dodged that bullet.

I would just _die_ if I ever caused Alexa to feel any harm...

"Sex isn't a sacred ritual," Hudson advised me in the restaurant. "Don't treat it that way. That's what you're doing with this girl."

"Not every college girl is obsessed with getting into bed," Janae sniped at our brother. "I know you're a guy, Hud, and all guys like to think that. But it's not true." Janae shrugged her shoulders. "Besides, Lexi could make a move on Colt if she really wanted. Why does Colt have to?"

"Because he's the man. It's what men do."

She leered at him. "You sound like such a pig."

I took a hefty gulp of Pepsi to distract myself from the discussion that my brother and sister were having about me. Hudson was doing what Hudson does best - making me feel even more insecure than I already was. Other than a couple of one-night stands (that typically backfired and made me feel even more dejected in life), Alexa was the first woman I'd been with since my ex-fiancée, Suzi Singleton. I broke it off with Suzi six long years ago. Watching Janae, Hudson, Carl and their respective families evolve and grow over the years didn't help matters, either. All my siblings had been married for well over two decades and had children of their own. Somehow, I got left behind in the dust of their happy trains.

"Stop being so hard on Colt," Janae told Hudson.

"You're never going to marry this Alexa girl. You're wasting your time. You can't even get her into bed." Hudson paused. "Plus, you're just too old for her. You should be dating someone more your own age, Colt. Surely there's some doctor or nurse chick you could hook up with at all those medical conventions you're always traveling to. Someone... a little more mature, more your style."

"HUDSON!" Janae shrieked in displeasure, forcing others in the restaurant to glance our way momentarily. "I dated my first boyfriend in high school - Dennis - for TWO YEARS before doing ANYTHING with him. Give them time!"

"While Alexa isn't too far removed from high school, Colt most certainly is. And guys his age typically don't date a chick for as long as they have and NOT have sex with her. Let alone not even lay a finger on her! Something is fishy here." He looked at me with intent. "Colt, be honest with me. Look at me, bud. Alexa - Lexi, whatever, does she ever ask you... for money?"

"HUDSON!" Janae again complained.

Hudson shook his head and frowned. "I know you're the type of guy who'd give her anything she asked for. You'd do it without even a second thought. You're gullible when it comes to women, and you're..."

"NO!" I barked in response, cutting him off. I was close to breathing fire myself. "She's never asked for anything!"

"When girls her age date guys your age, many times they're looking for a sugar daddy to give them money and whatever shiny new presents they can get their greedy, little mitts on." Hudson wouldn't shut his mouth even as Janae continued to bicker with him. Meanwhile, I felt like a powder keg of emotion set to explode. How could I continue to sit here and allow Hudson to make illicit assumptions about the woman I loved? "I have a friend at work who experienced that. Not only did Johnny lose his life savings, but also all his self-respect. Young, little bitch stole everything from him."

"Stop it!" Janae whined. "Lexi isn't like that!"

"You really need to shut the hell up," I warned him with two clenched fists at my side.

Hudson laughed. "Or what? What you gonna do, baby brother? You gonna punch me? That's so CUTE..."

Every muscle within my body was stretched tight, ready to throw down and rumble. Hudson smirked as if I was still a toddler, the pest to him, I once was. The pouty, little boy he refused to play catch with in the backyard. Oh, that got me even angrier. I was still a child in his eyes.

"I'm gonna kick your fucking ass!" I threatened him.

"You two need to settle down," Janae insisted, trying to play peacemaker between us. "God, grow up." She focused on me. "Colt, you keep doing what you're doing with Lexi. I think you and her are absolutely perfect together. And I think it's wonderful the way you've treated her, how you're allowing her to go at her own pace. I know it may be difficult to believe, but women appreciate that. We really do." My sister smiled thoughtfully and that eased the pressure just a tad. "And who cares about the age difference? Lexi sure doesn't. Why should you? Why let it bother you so much?"

Yet talking with Hudson about my love life and romance always left me feeling even more unsure and hollow inside. Why did he have to be so damn critical at every opportunity? Why did Hudson insist that I rush and take unnecessary risks? I thought I'd been doing everything right with Alexa thus far - taking baby steps - but Hudson put doubt into my mind. Just the whole afternoon lunch with him and Janae was very upsetting.

I know that ultimately, Hudson was just looking out for me. He wanted me to be happy. Really, his intentions were good. He didn't want someone to hurt me again much like others have in the past. Yet he had his opinions, his ideas - many of them firm and strong - and wasn't afraid to voice them.

Especially when I was the target.

* * *

After knocking four times on the door to the dorm room that Alexa lived in here at the University of Kansas, it finally opened, and I was greeted by her lifelong best friend and roommate, Merissa Harvey. Yet something in the way Merissa looked made me pause. Her stylish hair, those caramel-brown tresses, framed her face and cascaded down her neck and shoulders in luxurious, thick spools.

Oh, have no doubt about it - I was laser-focused on Alexa and my goal of pursuing an everlasting relationship and marriage with her. But my eyes couldn't help themselves as they drifted - if just for a fleeting instant - down the frolicsome, multicolored sundress that highlighted Merissa's athletic figure and fluttered to mid-thigh. Good God, those legs were gorgeous! Years of cross-country track throughout high school had yielded sleek, toned muscles; a subtle symphony of curves that danced beneath her tanned, sun-bronzed skin. Merissa had on a pair of beige strappy shoes with block high-heels that made those legs appear even more otherworldly.

My guilty eyes quickly snapped back up to hers.

Merissa shifted her weight from one foot to the other and stood with her smartphone in hand and an inviting, friendly smile etched across her face that made my heart palpitate and stomach flutter wildly.

"Hey, Merissa." _Holy hell, you look hot._ _And why do I have the sudden urge to take you into my arms and kiss you?_ _Protect and care for you for all of eternity?_ Those thoughts faded, though, just as quickly as they'd surfaced. Miss America was my girlfriend and I didn't need (or want) anyone else. Thinking about another woman this way was inappropriate and, quite frankly, _I didn't do inappropriate._ Not my style. "Alexa here?"

Drizzle - Merissa's faithful dog, a passive and friendly Norwich Terrier - brushed past her and sniffed at the brown paper bag I held in my hand. I knelt to pet Drizzle, whom Merissa had owned since the age of six. She'd been a faithful and loyal companion throughout the years. "Ahhhhh. Drizzle already knows I brought some doggy snacks for her. Want a snack, girl?"

Merissa smiled. "She may be getting up there in age, but Drizzle's nose is as keen as ever. She can sense and smell anything, especially DOGGY SNACKS." Merissa shifted her weight from foot to foot again. "Lexi went to the market to get me a bag of ice for the weekend. She should be back any minute."

After I fed Drizzle a yummy biscuit, I looked at Merissa's feet in those heels and admired them for a split-second before rising back to my full height. But when my hand touched my jeans, some of Drizzle's brown, curly fur clung to the denim.

"Sorry about her shedding. It's been terrible lately." Merissa reached out and briskly swiped the fur from my hip.

"It doesn't bother me, really." When I glanced down at her hand, still swiping my hip, Merissa quickly pulled away and was suddenly blushing a crimson red.

"Oops. Sorry. I didn't mean..."

Yet the move was clearly innocent on her part - done on harmless instinct - and I paid it no attention whatsoever. I soon extended the brown paper bag to her and pretended the previous few seconds never actually happened. They'd been stricken from the record already. "I figured Drizzle may like some peanut butter dog biscuits. I'll let you give the rest to her."

Merissa took the bag and reached into it with a smile that lit up her eyes. "Thank you. That was really kind of you, Colt. You always bring goodies for Drizzle or Matt." Merissa stepped aside. "Would you like to come inside and wait for Lexi? You know you're always welcome here."

"Sure." I shrugged and strolled in past her. Merissa and Alexa didn't live in the most glamorous of dorm rooms, but they liked it here on campus. They were already friends with literally all the other girls on their floor in the building. Space in their private dormitory itself was limited. There was just enough room for two twin beds and dressers, two closets, a single desk and computer, a cat tree (where Matt was currently perched high upon) and an incredibly small kitchen. There was a large common living room down the corridor for the entire floor, as well as a shared washroom with several sinks and showers.

I looked at my wristwatch. It was Friday night, 7:03pm, and Alexa and I had the whole weekend ahead of us. How awesome was that? The Jayhawks did have a football game tomorrow evening at Memorial Stadium here in Lawrence - their opener - against North Dakota State. A member of the _Rock Chalk Dancers_ - the school's varsity cheerleading squad - Alexa was required to be at the game to perform, but she and I really had no other weekend obligations to hold us down. I had zero commitments at the hospital and no medical meetings or conferences to attend. Aside from the football game, we could devote the entire weekend to each other.

I'll be in the stands tomorrow evening alongside Alexa's parents, Merissa and her boyfriend (Grayson), and my good buddy, Ryker Gamble. Other than wanting the Jayhawks to win (solely because Alexa was on their dance squad), I had no real interest in the game itself. I wasn't a Kansas fan at all, as I'd attended college elsewhere. So, I figured I'd spend most of my time ogling and gawking at Alexa wherever she happened to be cheering on the sidelines at any given moment. I contemplated bringing my binoculars, but that probably wouldn't be a wise idea with her mom and dad sitting alongside me.

"Lexi said that she had an awesome time with you last night," Merissa offered, cradling Drizzle in her arms and taking a seat on the bed. Meanwhile, I retrieved a treat for Matt from atop the refrigerator and handed it to him. Alexa's cat was incredibly friendly and relaxed. No wonder she loved him so much. "Said you were out 'til three in the morning. You took Lexi to meet some family of yours all the way down south in Ottawa? I've never been there myself."

"I sure did. My favorite cousin lives there, Piper. She and I... we kind of grew up together."

Merissa bit her lip, and it caused a slight tingle to pass through me. "And you did it - took Lexi all over, even - on a motorcycle?" She paused and closed her eyes, dreamily. "I _love_ motorcycles." Drizzle yawned sleepily, and Merissa rubbed the canine's belly.

"I honestly didn't know if Alexa would like riding on the back of my bike or not, but she had a blast. Go figure."

I suppose not many people would suspect this about me - a straitlaced, by-the-book physician - but I owned a massive, dynamic road machine. My 2011 _BMW K1600GT_ motorcycle had a heftier price tag than my Chevrolet Camaro, which was also new. I generally kept the bike under lock and key, tarped off in my garage back home in Lake Serenity. But I decided to break it out for the first time in a few weeks yesterday and Alexa, though hesitant initially, seemed to fall in love with the machine last night. She had an absolute blast touring the backroads with me.
