 CHAPTER 12. "DISSOLUTION"

-*- Thursday, March 31, 2011 -*-

-*- Lake Serenity, Kansas -*-

SEVEN YEARS AGO // FLASHBACK

Alexa looked cute as a country bumpkin sitting at the kitchen counter in what was now officially OUR HOME here on the waterfront in Lake Serenity, eating vegan chocolate chip cookies, wearing an overalls-style dress made of denim featuring a frayed hemline, a pink blouse underneath with long sleeves, and a pair of purple spandex leggings. My 19-year-old girlfriend was now my _fiancée_ as I'd finally mustered the courage to ask her to marry me this past Saturday.

With the whole day to ourselves and a mutual love for the outdoors, I asked Alexa if she wanted to have a picnic at Shawnee Mission Park in Shawnee, Kansas. After eating, I suggested we go on a nature hike since springtime was inching closer and the scenery was beautiful. We stepped atop a huge boulder and enjoyed the view for several minutes. With everything planned beforehand, I complained to Alexa that my boot was bothering me, so I bent down to fix it. Or so she thought, because I never came back up. When she finally looked back my way to see what was going on, I was on bended knee and had a box extended toward her with Grandma's treasured ring in it. I'll never forget the look of astonishment that flashed across Alexa's face when I opened it and asked her to marry me. She was speechless, but eventually managed a resounding YES! A senior couple who just happened to be hiking by clapped and congratulated us. They also took several photographs, the two of us just glowing in the moment, with Alexa's smartphone. It was a simple proposal, but Alexa insists it was perfect; it was so us. Easily the highlight of my life thus far, bar none.

Yes, I repeat - Alexa and I are getting _married!_ I'd been floating on cloud nine, overcome with happiness and positive emotions, since Saturday. Even after all this time had elapsed, I still found it difficult to believe that we were finally engaged! I honestly considered myself the luckiest man alive.

Yet at the same time, I'd actually been quite reluctant these past few months as to whether or not I should ask Alexa to marry me. How many times had I changed my mind? _I'll ask her tonight. No, I better not. Wait until Tuesday night? Or perhaps it would be wiser on the weekend?_

Oh, I wanted to marry Alexa. Don't misunderstand me on that. It's just that I didn't want to pressure her or make her feel that I was trying to push our relationship toward where I wanted it to go quicker than it should. She was so much younger than me, and I wanted things, for her own sake rather my own, to progress naturally. Slowly. I knew Alexa wouldn't want the bells and whistles of a lavish proposal - she was a simple girl who grew up in a modest two-bedroom home with her parents and cat - so I went the simple route. She even said she was glad I hadn't pulled out all the stops and came up with something extravagant. Not only did having the proposal accepted cap off the happiest day of my life, but it also relieved a lot of unnecessary stress, way too much worry and anxiety, for me. With a quick turnaround, we could now eye our wedding date - May 8, 2011.

Just five-and-a-half weeks away.

It was Alexa's idea to rush the process along and I was more than willing to go along for the ride. Why not? Seriously, I was ready to marry her the very day we first met nine months ago. I even had fantasies of seeing Alexa in an exquisite, lush bridal gown and making love to her with it still on later that evening.

_Soon, my man,_ I said inwardly. _Soon..._

Alexa finished eating at the kitchen counter and pushed her plate of scrumptious cookies to the side. I immediately leaned in for a creamy, chocolately kiss, and she laughed heartily against my lips.

"That, Alexandra Joanne Matthews, is one of the MANY things I love about you. One of the COUNTLESS things."

She offered me a curious glance. "Cookie kisses?"

I kissed her again. "You're not afraid to laugh when we're kissing. You're not afraid to be yourself, to speak your mind, and talk about difficult subjects. Even when we're in bed, making love, you'll talk openly, candidly. I love that. I think it's awesome. I LOVE the level of honesty that you and I share. It's so amazing and wonderful. I've never had anything like this with any woman I've ever been with." I brushed my hand throughout Alexa's hair, ruffling it up a bit, and pulled her closer. "I'm blown away that you and I are actually engaged and you moved into my house, officially, today. This house is now your house. Treat it that way. You have free reign to change whatever you like around here and make this house your own." Truly, I didn't care. Alexa could change or switch around anything. "We can go furniture shopping after you and your mom see the wedding planner and florist on Sunday and you buy whatever you want."

She flashed that shy, red-faced smile. Alexa was a woman with many, many smiles, all of them perfect - loving, playful, snarky, sarcastic, seductive, and flat-out hot as sin - and I adored every single one of them. "I think it's been a long time coming. A bit overdue, I'd say. Me, moving in."

I took a vacation day from work, which was very rare for me (i.e. my first one since April of 2010), and spent the afternoon helping Alexa move what personal belongings she had from her dorm room at the University of Kansas here to my home in Lake Serenity. Since she and Merissa had been living in a tiny, cramped 12-by-19 foot dorm room (228 square feet of living space, which translated to 114 square feet of personal space for each of them), there hadn't been a whole lot to transport. Most of it was clothing, with some schoolbooks and magazines, music, and electronic equipment, and a desktop computer. Dad let me borrow his pickup truck to make the move easier and the process took less than 90 minutes.

But it was a different story picking up some extra things at Alexa's home in Cloud City, where she'd lived with her mother and father since 1994. To put it mildly, Alexa was a bit of a hoarder. Cleaning out and boxing up the contents of her bedroom was quite a massive chore. There were a few pieces of furniture to haul and probably ten times the amount of clothing than there had been to move from her dorm room. She wanted more time to sort through everything and promised to donate what she didn't want or no longer need to charity. Alexa also insisted on bringing along her vast collection of dolls and teddy bears from her childhood, and various other treasured mementos and knickknacks. I'd make room for anything she wanted.

And then there was Matt, her precious cat.

Alexa's mother, Angela, agreed to part with the frisky feline and allow him to move into our house in Lake Serenity. Matt had been a fixture in Alexa's life for the past 15 years - since she was in preschool - and Alexa was the one who took care of him throughout the years. She loved that cat to no end and often thought of him as the sibling that she never had. Or perhaps a better term was to say that she was Matt's mommy. She even referred to herself as such.

I joked that Matt needed his own moving truck. For starters, we had to package up 213 (!) different cans of wet cat food - all high-end brands and flavors - and three big bags of dry food. Alexa had insisted to her parents in recent years that she be the one to look after Matt and spend whatever money was necessary on him. An entire box was devoted exclusively to bags of cat treats and toys. He had three separate litter boxes, two of which were automated (one of them looked like a spaceship, I kid you not), and three cat towers. I didn't even know that CAT FURNITURE was a thing. There were seven various types of scratching pads. Matt even had an automatic feeder for his dry food and a water fountain that circulated fresh, healthy water 24 hours a day. He had nine different fluffy beds, although Matt enjoyed sleeping on Alexa's pillow the most, and his very own collection of blankets.

Alexa had spent her high school years and now her first year in college working odd jobs here and there part-time, mostly earning minimum wage. She was currently in the process of trying to get a front desk job at a health club in Tiverton with the goal of earning a CPR/AED certification by the summer and then, eventually, being promoted into a fitness instructor position. Time will tell. With her love for exercise and living a healthy, vegan lifestyle, could there possibly be a better job for her than this? But that was a different subject altogether. My point is, Alexa's top priority in life as she grew up and worked at these menial jobs was, quite simply, Matt. She spent a lot of money on not only his well-being, but also making sure that he lived in the lap of feline luxury.

An automated litter box that cost $99? How about a second, this one for $399? A $79 feeder and a $59 water fountain? A cat tower for $89? Actually, three of them. A seemingly endless supply of toys and curious contraptions? He ate the finest, most high-quality dry food ("my Mattsy Moo Moo is only allowed to have _Tiki Cat_"), which was also quite expensive. Alexa even gave him bottled water, believe it or not! She would take Matt to the veterinarian if he showed even the slightest hint of illness and gave him preventative flea and tick treatment the first day of every month. The ointment ran $49 for a pack of three.

Matt lived a better life than most people did!

I knew there were going to be certain challenges ahead as Alexa transitioned into her new home and eventually marriage with me. Matt was currently hiding somewhere behind the kitchen cabinets here in the house, presumably nestled near the dishwasher and the stove. There was a small hole in the woodworking at floor level, and he went scampering in there earlier after refusing to come out of his cat carrier for 15 minutes. The poor cat didn't know what to think of his new home. Alexa spent two hours trying to coax him out from behind the cabinetry, but there was no use. Not yet, anyway. Matt had spent the last 15 years in the same, exact house, only leaving it for rare, sporadic trips to the veterinarian, and a few times in recent months to Alexa's dorm room. Being here in what was new and strange surroundings must've been a major shock - even terrifying - to him, but Alexa would nurture Matt to comfort soon enough. I had faith in that. It'd just take a little time. Most cats acted this way after a sudden change of scenery. But Matt would eventually be okay simply because for as much Alexa loved him, the feeling, I knew, was mutual. Her mere presence would ultimately help soothe whatever anxiety he felt.

It also wasn't lost on me that Alexa suddenly had a 30 mile commute both to and from school each day, either. That presented a major challenge, unfortunately. She no longer lived right on campus, which made things convenient and super-easy. And while those 30 miles would zip by in a hurry along U.S. Interstate 70, I worried about Alexa's car being put to the test every weekday on the expressway. Her vehicle, a burgundy red 1988 Mercury Tracer, was actually older than she was! It had accumulated a lot of miles throughout the years and was, in my opinion, ready to conk out. The absolute, last thing I wanted was for it to break down and for Alexa to be stranded on the side of the interstate with God-knows-who passing by.

Thus, I made the decision within the past day or two that I was going to purchase a brand-new car for Alexa. It didn't have to be anything too expensive or too flashy. I just needed to be certain that she'd have a safe and hassle-free commute both to and from the university in Lawrence each day, as well as her job. Oh, I already knew that Alexa was going to object. She hated the idea of me purchasing any so-called gifts for her, and she absolutely refused to take any handouts in terms of money when I'd offered it in the past. Not her style at all. She wasn't a materialistic person whatsoever and didn't want others to think that our relationship was based on me lavishing her with money and gifts. Trust me, certain people we knew would run with that assumption all the way to the moon if given the opportunity.

But we were engaged now - the final step before marriage - and I could easily justify my decision to purchase a new vehicle for Alexa. It was quite simple, really. In just five-and-a-half weeks, my money would be her money. We'd be a team, and I, for one, couldn't wait. Besides, Alexa didn't need to be driving over 60 miles each day in a car that was made when _I_ was still a kid (and that was a long time ago, you know).

Alexa would just have to learn that I was going to take care of her from now on - _much_ more so than I had these previous nine months. Alexa, for lack of a better term, was going to be my Matt. It was my job, my duty, as her husband-to-be to see to it that she lived a very happy and comfortable lifestyle from this point forward. I wouldn't have it any other way.

Unbeknownst to Alexa, I was going to take her to a couple of different car dealerships this coming Saturday and have her pick out a new ride. Again, nothing flashy. Something with good gas mileage for the highway. I was thinking along the lines of a _Toyota Prius_ or a _Honda Fit,_ or perhaps a _Mazda3,_ but would ultimately allow Alexa to make her own decision on which car she wanted. Those were simply going to be my suggestions. If she wanted something a little more expensive, I'm sure I'd listen and buy it for her. But I doubt she would. Again, it just wasn't her style.

I wasn't rolling in money and personal wealth by any means, trust me, but I owned and operated a successful medical practice. Thanks to Cousin Jeremy (the billionaire), the mortgage on the house and all my student loans were taken care of. Both my Chevrolet Camaro and motorcycle were paid off as well.

In addition to my retirement savings, I had a nice nest egg in the bank. Until I met Alexa, I really had no reason to spend money. I simply got by and lived, for me, a comfortable life. Nothing fancy or over-the-top. I rarely travelled for leisure. My house wasn't decked out with expensive art or decor, or the latest technological advances. No way - not my style. Being thrifty had allowed me to build that proverbial nest egg and buying a new car for Alexa (among other things to come) wasn't going to hurt my (our) savings one bit.

As my father once told me, _you cannot take your money with you when you die._ Unfortunately, you (or I) could go at any given second. It's a harsh reality. As people, we might as well spend our money on what makes us happy while we're alive and healthy, and still have the opportunity to do so.

And nothing in the world made me any happier than Alexa.

Likewise, Alexa had spent the great majority of her own earnings thus far on Matt. Still, it was her money, her decision. As long as Matt was happy, _she_ was happy. It didn't get any simpler than that.

As Alexa and I continued to relax at the kitchen counter after a long day of packing, moving, and unpacking, her smartphone buzzed and she pulled it from her purse. All her attention suddenly shifted toward it - just like that - as she looked down and began gliding a delicate, slender finger across the screen. After a good 45 seconds, I tilted my head and offered her a curious glance. I still felt that she was way too attached to that hideous phone.

And it was only getting worse.

"What are you doing, sweets? What can possibly be so interesting on that phone of yours? Looking for a hot date on _Tinder_ so you have a reason to sneak out tonight after I've fallen asleep?"

"Oh no, never... I'm scrolling... this is Instagram." Alexa turned the phone around and I saw a photograph of Merissa and her boyfriend, Grayson Todisco, smiling and snuggling together outside what appeared to be a restaurant. Alexa's pretty face then scrunched and she gave me an agitated expression. "Tinder? God, Colt. What a horrible joke! Don't quit your day job, okay?" She paused, then softened considerably. "Merissa just posted a bunch of pics on her Instagram story from the trip she and Grayson took to Missouri last week to visit her aunt and uncle." Alexa smiled thoughtfully. "I'm glad she was able to get away and enjoy herself for a few days." Then Alexa frowned. "I just wish it wasn't with Grayson."

"You don't like him. You never have."

"I don't trust him," she advised me. "Grayson hasn't been the best boyfriend to her, but you know, Rissa is loyal and all... TOO loyal. She'll never leave Grayson unless something catastrophic happens. They've been together for several years now. I think... I think... she's scared to leave him. Scared to make him angry."

"I don't really trust him, either. Dude has an attitude that rubs me the wrong way." I clenched a fist, then wrung it out. "No one - man or woman - should ever feel SCARED in a relationship. She needs to move on."

Alexa was still frowning. "I don't know what Rissa sees in him. I really don't. We've had our... arguments... on the subject." Then she was smiling again. "Oh, look at this!" It was a picture of Merissa sitting on the concrete pavement with four young children. "That's her nieces and nephews! I remember meeting them last year. Oh, they're so cute! And look at that smile... Rissa looks so happy. Oh, she's going to make a GREAT mother one day. I just know she is."

I nodded. "Cute kids."

Alexa's expression soured yet again at the next photograph. "Rissa and Grayson kissing and holding two beer bottles." She shook her head. "Neither of them are even old enough to drink."

"That's not good."

Alexa set her smartphone down in dismay and her chest rose as she took in a deep, controlled breath. "Grayson is getting Rissa mixed up into things that's only going to get her into a heap of trouble. I keep trying to tell her, but she won't listen. Rissa's really been starting to drink a LOT these past few months."

Despite the obvious concern for her best friend, it took every shred of my self-control not to allow my eyes to wander and focus on Alexa's lips. Those sweet, sweet lips. Alexa had promised me a good and thorough blowjob later tonight (among other things) after all the hard work and effort I'd put forth in helping her move everything today. Hey, I even skipped out on opening day for the Royals for her! That was definitely a first, because I never missed an opening day, or at least a home opener. Hell, I had no clue whether the Royals won their game against the Los Angeles Angels or not.

I had more important matters to deal with.

But oh... those lips were so pink and sweet, and soft as butter. A perfect distraction for any sporting event or outside interest, just like Alexa as a whole. Neon arrows were practically pointing at those lips, but I somehow managed to resist the temptation.

"I'm glad you want to have them, too."

The sound of Alexa's voice drifted into my consciousness, but my brain was still fighting the primal instinct within to drop my gaze. Or, better yet, simply scoop Alexa into my arms and take her off to the bedroom to start the festivities early. I was still in the process of trying to switch gears, pull myself back, yet also piece together what her comment meant.

"What?"

"You're going to be a great father yourself one day, Colt."

Oh, that.

_That!_

Images quickly flooded my mind, but these were G-rated. They took immediate control and shoved aside the lewder thoughts. I saw Alexa looking down at her pregnant belly and caressing it with both hands. Alexa lying in a hospital bed holding a newborn. Alexa sitting in a chair rocking our baby, nursing.

I blinked and kept my eyes shut for at least five seconds and tried to clear the images from my mind. I failed.

"Colt?" Alexa's voice was soft, quiet.
