 Author's Note: This is a true story and happened over 20 years ago. In a way, it laid the groundwork for future experiences. As this is my first attempt at writing a story, any feedback would be appreciated.

I was at my desk finishing up a few phone calls when Scott popped his head through my door. Seeing that I was on the phone, he made hand gestures for me to hang up and head out the door. I quickly ended my call, grabbed my duffel bag, and followed him out of the plant. This was going to be a great weekend. Scott, myself, and too other guys at work, Pat and Jim were headed to Atlanta to catch a Georgia Tech/Alabama football game. Scott was revved up, as he was recent alumni, as for me and the other guys, we just wanted to get drunk and hopefully score with some co-eds. The four of us could blend in as we all graduated from college within the past year.

The drive down to Atlanta was uneventful. We pulled into our hotel, checked in, and then hit all the local spots with Scott as our tour guide. It was great being back on a college campus; drinking and chatting up the girls. With our newfound job status, we were hoping that we could impress some of the co-eds and get laid. Who were we kidding, we were four engineers and we quickly found out that engineers scored with good looking co-eds as often as they did when they were engineering students, which is to say, not often. Still, that didn't prevent us from getting shit-faced drunk.

During the course of the evening, I got separated from the rest of the guys and decided to head back to the hotel. Being an Asian male, I didn't have nearly the alcohol capacity as my buddies and I needed to sleep. Somehow, I managed to find the correct hotel and correct room which was a major accomplishment considering how drunk I was. I opened the door and promptly passed out on my bed.

I was in the middle of a wet dream, a beautiful wet dream that seemed too real. I was dreaming that I was getting my cock sucked. It felt so real, I could feel the tongue swirl around my cockhead and feel the lips moving up and down my shaft. I must have known that it was not a dream as I woke up with a start.

"What the fuck!" I said, ready to take a swing at who ever was sucking my cock. My first thought was that one of my buddies had gone gay.

I calmed down when I looked at my crotch and saw was a mass of red hair, obviously belonging to a woman bob up and down my cock. It felt great as I lay back on the bed to enjoy my good fortune. Out of the corner of my eye I saw Scott sitting naked on an easy chair. Our eyes met and he toasted me with the beer in his hand.

Suddenly, the woman at my crotch let my cock fall out with a pop and said, "You lose, and I told you I could wake him up! Now you owe me $20!" She put her mouth back on my cock and resumed sucking.

Scott got up and fished through his wallet, pulled out a twenty, and threw it on the bed. He walked over to us and I noticed he had a raging hard on. He got right behind her, pulled her up by her hips so she was in the perfect position for doggy. He eased his cock into her and she let out a low moan. With her in this new position, I could see that this woman was older than us, about 40 years old, a little plump but I wasn't complaining.

Scott and I filled her front and back. I was really glad that I had a lot to drink, as I was able to hold back cumming for a while. Still, the redhead worked on my dick skillfully with her mouth and hands. Her blowjob was very different from the ones that I had received from women closer to my age. The redhead would bring me to the brink and then let me down again. You can't teach that technique, it is only gotten through experience.

Each time Scott rammed into her, it forced her head down on my cock further. Finally, I reached the point of no return and started to cum down her throat. The redhead kept sucking, swallowing every drop, and she still tried to suck some more out of me. I had to pull her off my cock as it got two sensitive.

With my cock out of her mouth, the redhead began to scream, "Fuck me, Fuck me harder" in an adorable Southern drawl. Scott was all concentration, the sweat poring off of him as he pounded into her cunt. I had to take a leak and when I returned from the bathroom, the redhead was now riding Scott. I could see her plump ass cheeks jiggling and went over and gave them a playful squeeze. I did the same for her plump tits before leaning over to suck her nipples. The redhead reached over and started to fondle my cock, trying to get it hard again. That's the beauty of youth, in no time; I had another raging boner and climbed on the bed. The redhead bent down a bit to give me some more head. Scott had a perfect view of my cock disappearing down her throat and this could have set him off as he shot his load up her pussy.

With Scott spent, the three of us rearranged ourselves. Scott flopped back on his bed and I positioned the redhead for some doggy fucking. Just as I was about to put my cock in her cunt, Scott said; "Whoa, dude, you wanna fuck that? I dropped two loads into her already."

I looked down at the redhead's cunt as she waved her ass in the air begging for more cock. I could see Scott's cum dripping out of her pussy. I just shrugged my shoulders and said, "What the fuck" and plunged into her pussy. Remember, this is 1984 when the concern for HIV and other STDs were not a huge concern.

I grabbed her wide hips and started working my cock in her. It was tough getting any friction as she was really wet from her own juices as well as the two loads that Scott had already deposited in her. I scooted up a bit more and found the best angle of attack that would negate some of the looseness and wetness. Throughout all of this, I kept wondering how this could possibly happen.

Scott later told me that after we got separated, he left the college bar area and headed to a seedy neighborhood bar he used to frequent. She was the only woman in there so Scott, ever the hound, talked her up. He must have said something that she liked because she attacked him at the bar.

She drove him back to the hotel to fuck. Scott had hoped that we were still out partying, as it was still fairly early. Seeing that I was passed out on the bed, Scott tried to get into Pat and Jim's room through the connecting door but those guys didn't unlock their door. The redhead told him that I was out cold and there was no way in the world that I would wake up so they proceed to fuck with me snoring on the next bed. After they finished, Scott couldn't believe that I didn't wake up and tried everything he could think about to wake me. He poured water on me, he turned up the TV, and he even jumped up and down on the bed much to the amusement of the redhead. Finally, she bet him $20 that she could wake me up.

He agreed and she said, "This is a sucker's bet!" The redhead pulled down my shorts and gave me head until I woke up. Fucking incredible!

Anyway, I was fucking the shit out of the redhead, all the while, she screamed, "Fuck me you fucking chink! Fuck me you yellow bastard!" Now, I didn't take offense to her racist comments at all, and screamed back at her, 'Take it you redneck slut!" which only caused her to moan and scream some more.

I was getting close to cumming when I heard the connecting door open wide. Pat and Jim had these dumbstruck looks on their faces.

The redhead just looked at them and said. "Which one of you fuckers, want to fuck me next?"

In a flash, both Jim and Pat had their pants off and moved toward the bed. Since I had her in the doggy position, both their cocks were aimed right at her head. In no time, the red head sucked Pat into her mouth and gave him the same excellent blowjob that I experienced earlier in the evening. Both guys grabbed a tit and tweaked her nipples. Jim was getting impatient so he grabbed her head and forced her mouth on him. Jim kept his hands on her head as he fucked her face. The redhead bit down on his cock causing Jim to let go.

"Play nice," she admonished him.

Seeing that he was sufficiently sorry, he took him back into her mouth. She sucked him for a couple of minutes before switching back to Pat. She did this a number of times before Pat screamed, "Shit! I'm cumming!"

The redhead was sucking Jim at the time and didn't move her mouth back to Pat fast enough. Two thick ropes of cum hit her on the side of her face and into her hair before she clamped her mouth on this cock to swallow the rest. I was amazed and seeing this, I finally dropped my load into her well-used pussy. Climbing off of her, Scott, handed me a beer with one hand and gave me a high five with the other.

We both looked at Pat who was grinning ear to ear, his cock still dripping. As for Jim, he turned the redhead over and plunged his cock right back into her overflowing pussy.

This went on for a few more hours. The four of us guys did her all night in combinations of two, three, and even four. At one point, the red head was on her back getting drilled by Pat while Jim, Scott, and I were arrayed around her head. She would suck one of us while jerking off the other two with her hands. Every so often, we would switch. What a nasty slut!

Eventually, all of us, including the redhead were fucked out. Being young, I must have come four times, thought the last couple, I was just shooting blanks as I suspect the other guys were.

At about 6:00am, the redhead got up, looked at the clock and said, "Shit, I've got to get home before my husband get home from work!"

She ran to the shower and cleaned up. The other three guys were fast asleep but I escorted her to the door. She gave me a peck on the cheek and said, "Thanks, that was really great, it's been a long time since I did something like that!"

Turning around and seeing that the other three guys were asleep on the cum stained sheets, I walked into Pat and Jim's room and fell asleep on fresh sheets. 

Needless to say, we never caught the football game.