 Coleen reached over and felt John's balls, just the way Eddy had, and then had John turn around so he was facing us, prick pointing at us but still hard. She stood behind him, her bathrobe falling to the couch, and she gave John a nice hug from behind, her hands around his torso. One of her breasts stuck out and really looked enticing. She rubbed his shoulders and then with both her hands felt his ass, kneading each bun solidly while he was standing there. Then she reached around and gave his prick the softest little caress, a slow stroke from base to head, and I saw John's prick twitch with the touch. She reached underneath his groin with her other hand, rubbing his perineum at the same time she continued her stroking on his prick with her other hand. John's face was a hard-to-read combination of expressions, but I had a feeling that top among his thoughts was that his sperm was going to be erupting way too soon. Not the one of us had a steady sweetie, and while I had a feeling that each of us had tagged at least one sexual partner since the semester started, our orgasms had mostly probably been of the self-induced variety and even then likely not all that frequent. I hadn't ejaculated in over a week, and surmised that John's fluids were already boiling away in his balls, impatient for release.

She turned him around again, so that he was facing her and she knelt in front of him, taking his prick into her mouth in the most delicate way. John's ass looked so incredibly white and dumb in this position, with this handsome woman on her knees in front of him. He was tall and skinny, and his pale little legs and ass hardly looked the part for the role they were playing. Eddy gazed over with interest, his big prick lolling potently on his left thigh.

John had just a sparse growth of hair at his groin, but she ran her hands all around his balls while she eased her mouth up and down on his prick. I was quite astonished to see how much of him she was able to take into her mouth. I had never had anyone who could manage all of my length, although I had not exactly had a huge sample of lovers to compare nor a very large organ either. But Coleen could get her nose buried right into the hairs at the base of John's groin, and sometimes she lingered there, and it looked like she was working her tongue and throat at the same time. After Eddy, John's prick probably seemed miniscule.

Max and I looked at each other, feeling a bit silly standing there with our pricks aching to attention. We pulled the rest of our clothes off, the room now plenty heated up, and who knew what we were headed for next? Eddy was completely absorbed in the scene, which from his angle involved a really nice view of Coleen's sweet backside as she knelt in front of John.

She periodically disengaged form John's cock and nuzzled up to his balls, taking one testicle then the other into her mouth. At one point John had to spread his legs a little farther apart for balance, and she cupped his skinny ass in her hands. From my perspective this was quite appealing sight since his cock poked completely straight up, and the handsome face of Coleen at work on my buddy was irresistible.

It was becoming apparent that John was going to erupt at any moment, his ass began quivering with desire, and his torso squirmed with the slightest touch from Coleen. Eddy stood and pulled Coleen up from her knees, and they embraced there in front of him, she turning to give him a nice hug, her right hand dropping down to feel his erection.

"Let's give you a break for a moment," Eddy said to John. "Take a seat," he pointed to a chair next to the couch. 

"Who's next?" he asked, and we laughed since he seemed to direct it to no one is particular.

I stood forward, a cheerful volunteer.

"Let's do something a little different," said Eddy.

"Here, take a seat on the couch," he suggested to me, and then "You," pointing to Max, "put this on." He tossed him a condom from the same drawer that the tape measure had come out of.

We complied readily, and I made myself comfortable on the couch. Max unrolled the condom and put it on, standing by, looking a little stupid and not quite sure what to expect next, although I could have told him.

Coleen sat next to me and rubbed my shoulders and chest, and to my surprise began nibbling at my ear, tickling her tongue into my ear socket. It really felt marvelous, especially when I considered where her tongue had last been, sliding up and down on John's prick. Her hands wandered down to my raging erection, cupping my balls and running softly over my quivering prickhead. 

Soon she was kneeling before me and had taken to sucking on my testicles. I stretched back on the couch, sure that the dream in front of me could not be real. Max was standing behind her, his hand to his prick, while Eddy and John watched. 

Coleen then stood up and bent over to take my prick in her mouth. This exposed her rear end to Max, who saw his signal about as clearly as can be imagined. He was over in an instant, placing his hands on her hips, and slid his prick, slowly but firmly, into her exposed cunt. She smiled, which was apparent even with my cock in her mouth, and nestled her rump back against Max's pressure. He began humping away at her, slowly at first, but then faster, and I ran my fingers under Coleen's breasts, dangling down in front of me, which moved around enthrallingly as Max provided some fore and back movement. I briefly closed my eyes, with one hand on her succulent right breast, while Coleen was still tonguing my prick, but after a couple minutes I couldn't help opening my eyes again, wanting to see the whole picture.

I looked around the room, the scene quite surreal.

Coleen was busy at work on me, her left hand cupping and massaging my balls, her mouth moving up and down my prick. John was sitting in a chair, the only other male without a ragingly stiff prick, his having drooped a little without Coleen's mouth on it. Max had his eyes closed, his hips slapping into Coleen's ass, and his climax pretty clearly not far away. 

Eddy was on the couch, his huge organ standing straight up while he observed the little drama unfolding in front of him.

I closed my eyes and spread my legs a little more, giving Coleen a little better access to my testicles. I could feel her hair, which had fallen out of her pony tail with her exertions, brush up against my thighs, but mostly I concentrated on her warm tongue, moving its way along my quite blissful prick. She would pause periodically with my prick fully lodged in her mouth, her nose at my groin hair, and the faintest little motions from her throat gently squeezed my shaft. I wished I could have remained like this forever, but the thrill was agonizing, and I would begin to squirm with pleasure, and she would resume movement on my penis. 

Max's face was red now, his forehead sweaty, and he up-tempoed his humping, causing Coleen to stop her attentions on me while she braced herself with both hands on the couch to absorb the force of his thrusts. And then with a low little grunt, Max humped her a half dozen times serious-like, without question divesting his spermload into her, or the condom to be more exact. He slowly pulled out, prick drooping already, the condom head heavy and hanging down with a good pile of thick sperm in it.

My balls were boiling away with desire now, and Coleen was back to work on me, her soft little mouth down my cock and then I felt all of a sudden a new sensation. Eddy had reached over from the couch next to me, and slid one hand around my balls, soaking with saliva dribbled out by Colleen, and then I felt him slowly insert a finger into my anus. I slid my ass out a little further to the edge of the couch, which gave him easier access, and Coleen glided her mouth up and down over my aching prick, and felt now a new range of erotic stimuli - Coleen picking up speed on my penis, while Eddy probed about inside my rectum with his slippery finger. He found a spot inside me that pulled me closer to eruption, pushed and circled it with delicious results. Coleen felt my prick spasm with stiffness, and removed her mouth. She looked up at me with an absolutely lascivious smile and then drooled a great slop of saliva onto my penis, using two hands now to work onto my prick head and shaft. It took about thirty seconds of Eddy probing and her uptempo action before she pulled the first of several strong spurts of semen out of me, an unusually strong climax to accompany the circumstances. Most of my sperm went onto my belly but little wads of it spewed up onto her handsome chest, and then dribbled down her nipples back on to me. She milked the last little bit of semen out of me, a final drop from my overheated prickhead, and I saw her give Eddy a warm, if conspiratorial, smile.

I flopped back on the couch, exhausted, but aware that there were still two very hard pricks left in the room.

Eddy looked pleased. Great gobs of semen were flung out along my chest, and Coleen was sweaty and had collapsed on the couch between me and him. Max had sat back on a chair, his prick shrunken back into a tiny mass of a soaked hairy tangle. He had pulled off his quite messy condom and looked around for some place to dispense with it. Eddy pointed at a corner wastebasket, which Max was able to hit with one great, arcing hook-shot, the condom landing in the basket with a sodden plopping sound. 

Eddy popped open another Pabst, tossing Max and me a can as well. He had me towel off my soggy torso, and cradled Coleen to him, despite the intense heat now generated in the room. He gestured for John to come over, who had never actually ejaculated after Coleen's initial attentions. John stood before him, his prick semi-hard but nearly full length. Eddy reached out and fondled John's prick into a stiffer state, a matter of a few minutes only. Eddy looked curiously dispassionate, observing John's rod expand and stiffen.

Then he stopped and turned to Coleen, who was looking up at him with shining eyes. She herself then began rubbing Eddy's cock, each of them gazing at each other. 

"The floor?" he asked, his eyebrows arching.

"Sure," she murmured, and she got up and spread-eagled herself out in front of us all on the carpet. John had to step back to make some room. I have to say she looked so inviting I had to keep myself from piling on top of her myself. My prick was too beat to be hard yet, but already was stirring a little, and it wouldn't have taken much effort for me to imagine myself plunging into her.

Eddy rose, apparently completely oblivious to us, and knelt in front of Colleen's cunt. He gazed at her while he rubbed her mons gently with his left hand, and then almost in a ritual manner he bowed down and started to lick her labia, first one side, then the other, finally settling in around her clitoris. He was surprisingly delicate, taking his time and sometimes dropping down to slide his tongue all the way into her cunt itself. She had closed her eyes, and was obviously enjoying the attention, rocking her hips about with the right touch.

While he was doing this, and it was a captivating sight to be sure, I noticed that while on all fours, his prick, already full length, had grown harder and harder, until it had that steel-like look to it that a prick gets when it means business. It was nearly parallel to his belly, and any movement on his part meant his prick bobbed around, like a stiff metal rod. The damn thing was huge, alluring, and once I noticed it, it was harder not to look at it than Colleen getting her tongue-over. I got up off the couch and positioned myself mostly behind him so I could see his balls move about too, churning in their sack and ready for action. I had to stifle the impulse to reach around and fondle his organ and testicles, which looked smooth and appealing.

Coleen's body began to get more rigid, and I noticed her feet and legs tensing. She put her hands on Eddy's head, which it seemed he anticipated, for his tongue went slightly faster. Her eyes were closed and then her head went back and her legs spasmed and her hips heaved and we were treated to the sight of her pleasure, lasting a good half a minute or so, her head thrown back, eyes closed, while her legs shook with spasms.

After a few minutes, while Eddy continued to softly nuzzle her cunt, he raised his head, and Colleen and he shared another of those moist-eyed lover stares. He slid forward, positioning his cock in front of her damp cunt, her crotch fur all sticking together, and ever so exquisitely he entered her, slowly, gently, and also in a way that let us all watch every inch of penetration. His big body pretty much covered her, but I noticed he was careful not to place all his weight on her. They kissed in front of us, mindful of nothing but their own world, and held still until the pleasure of their connection caused him to start oscillating his hips, grinding his pelvis into hers.

After a few minutes of gradually increasing tempo, Eddy raised his head and looked around. He gestured for John to come over and had him kneel on his haunches, knees spread wide, near Coleen's head. She turned and tickled her tongue over the tip of John's prick which twitched slightly with the touch. Eddy continued to gently plow into her, his hands on the floor holding his big body up off of her, all the while watching while she sucked on John's cock. John in turn had closed his eyes entirely, his head thrown slightly back as he enjoyed her ministrations. While this only went on for only a couple minutes, it made for a image I will never forget. 

Eddy had gradually picked up the speed of his thrusts, and from what I could see of Coleen's body language, she was closing in on another climax. She let go of John's cock with her mouth, although she kept a hand there, fingers cupping his balls, not so much stroking as holding on. And then her hips heaved again and she let go with a little yelp of pleasure, all the while holding John's balls in a death grip. His own face was a little startled looking, but I don't think it actually hurt him. Eddy slowed his own hip oscillations, and motioned John over a little closer to their coupled bodies. Eddy raised up on his arms, pelvis grinding into Coleen, and directed a glance at her. Some sort of communication took place, since Coleen then began stroking John's prick in earnest. She pulled him closer and pointed his prick towards her chest, and after a few dozen energetic pulls, he emptied a good load of sperm out onto her chest. She milked the last little bit out and rubbed it on one of her boobs, the rest of his white gruel scattered over her torso.

Eddy smiled and then sank down onto her chest, sliding his own against hers and squashing the sperm around between them. We could even hear it squish about. Doing this also meant his prick was moving around inside Colleen again and then he began humping her serious.

I had to take a step back. She had pulled her legs up over his back, and was running her hands around his back and ass, and I watched him pretty much let go, pushing his asscheeks hard, he bucked into her with rapid thrusts. Her own body was moving around on the carpet underneath him, and I had no idea what it was like for her at that point, getting his enormous penis pushed up into her. I guess at this stage her cunt was so loose and relaxed that it couldn't have hurt, but I kept thinking about all that damn length of his banging around inside of her. 

Then, and this was really strange, I couldn't help it any more. I impulsively moved behind Eddy and pressed my hands up against his ass, feeling his balls in my hand. They were firm and moving fast, and I could feel the heat coming from their union. I could feel his cock slipping in and out of Coleen. I had a strong desire to return his favor and stick my finger up his anus, but didn't quite have the nerve. I settled for feeling his balls and pressing with my hand on his perineum. He turned around a little and smiled, so I knew it was okay, and then turned back to Coleen. He grunted and put his head on her neck and his pelvis started moving big time fast, and then I felt his own ass-cheeks tense in a new way, and felt his body rhythmically pulse while he sent his load of semen up Colleen. He slowed down after the first contraction, but kept moving his hips into her, finally slowing to a stop after six or seven final strong thrusts. 

While they were kissing there on the floor, the rest of us exchanged looks and quietly and rather quickly gathered up our stuff, pulling on our pants. We said some awkward goodbyes and thanks to them still there on the floor, and then cleared out fairly uneventfully, silent out the door and down the road.

My mind was reeling. Four pricks in action, one of truly impressive dimensions. We all had seen two semen launches, saw the results of another in a condom, and I felt with my own hands, admittedly from the backside, the force of another. 

My groin had that warm glow that comes after a nice climax, but unlike any sexual event I had had before, this one had a whole range of mental pictures to go with it. A handsome woman with her tongue in my ear, her mouth on my prick, her hands on my balls and a memorable climax. My buddies' cocks in a state of extreme arousal. A large, extraordinarily handsome black prick doing some serious work. The film clip I had in my head would provide images for the rest of my life. 

Lost in our own thoughts, we didn't say much on the way back, except every once in a while someone would let out with some exclamation:

"You saw the size of that thing? Battering ram! Guy could impregnate a whole regiment of wenches!"

"When her tongue tickled his prickhead? Oh man, I thought I was gonna expire!"

"Those nipples were to die for! And the expression her face while she jerked you off!"

Never had an orgy like that before, and precious few since. Thank you Eddy, and thank you Coleen.