 [Once, in the distant past, in fact more than fifty years ago, there was a young boy attending Kindergarten each morning. At five years old, and in the strange ways of childhood, he had not yet reached the age where little boys and little girls considered members of the opposite sex to be more of a nuisance than anything else; something to be tolerated, but exceptionally annoying! And on this sunny September morning he beheld something he would never forget, a beautiful young brunette classmate named Janet, who was wearing a white flaring skirt whose generous flounces were covered with silver dollar sized red polka dots. Even after so many years, he could still recall standing there, in the schoolyard, transfixed by her in that stunning skirt, even though the details of her face and manner are murky at best; and it would be the first hint at a lifelong love and fascination with all things and persons female and feminine. This story is dedicated to Janet, the very first, but not the last, girl who enthralled me!]

[For more sexually adventurous types, there are sufficient instructions within this story to make your own Red Polka Dots game. Any stationary, or school supply outlet, will have what you need. And, if you have a colour printer attached to your PC, you can find suitable thumbnails of the required male and female anatomy, and so on, to print. These pictures can then be cut out and pasted onto blank card stock to make your own Activity Deck, etc. But whatever you do, make sure, when you print out the rules, that you include the warning that comes at the end!]

[All characters in this story who are involved in serious sexual situations are at least 18 years old - PS] 

* * *

Janet awakened from a deep sleep, and found herself quite alone on the family room couch. The clock said 6 AM, and there was no sign of Sarah, Michelle, or the boys; they must have gone home. A slight throbbing behind her forehead, and a throat every bit as dry as a desert, reminded her that she had overly indulged in vodka laced drinks the night before.

"Overly indulged," she thought to herself rather ruefully, "that's a laugh; how about 'slightly drunk'?"

As she further recalled the events of the wildest party ever, she couldn't help but blush from the tips of her toes, to the roots of her hair. Janet considered herself to be pretty adventurous compared to other girls, but last night ... whew! And the unbelievable thing was the way that Sarah and Michelle joined in! But there was no escaping the unvarnished truth, in the cold light of a sober morning after; she was both the instigator, and a very willing participant.

Getting up, and reminding herself that thankfully her parents wouldn't be home until Sunday, she padded down the hall in her bare feet to use the washroom, also discovering in the process that she had nothing on under her sundress!

"Where in heavens name are my panties?" she wondered, returning to the den, and blushing inwardly as she searched between the cushions of the couch.

Mystified, she sat down again, and began to review in her mind the events of the previous evening in considerably more detail. Despite her embarrassment as she recalled her lascivious behaviour, the memories were also causing another reaction, as she felt something very warm spreading through the very personal part of her female anatomy. Finally, with a sigh suggesting the inevitable, she pulled the front of the dress up and spread her legs apart so she could touch herself intimately, immediately discovering that she was already wet!

"Doesn't this thing have an off switch?" she mused inwardly, as she exposed her clitoris with two fingers so she could inflame it until she achieved an increasingly necessary orgasm. Just for good measure, she used her other hand to reach over and retrieve from the end table the wax candle that had proven so useful at the party. With another sigh, but this time one of satisfaction, she began working it butt first into her eager and more than ready vagina.

A few minutes of clit teasing, and a good old fashioned pussy pounding with the candle, did the trick, and she climaxed in a most satisfactory way, arching her back as her pelvis contracted rapidly. Janet had never had any trouble reaching an orgasm, and had even experienced one the first time she had sex with a boy, which she knew from her more worldly girlfriends wasn't usually the case.

As she came down to earth afterwards, she reflected that doing yourself was fine, but didn't nearly compare to getting done properly by a guy ... or two for that matter. After all, inanimate objects, and fingers might be alright; but the real thing was ... well ... the real thing!

Removing the candle, she wiped it with a tissue; and then returned it to the candlestick.

"Not bad, but nowhere as good as the vibrating tooth brush," she thought to herself, looking at it with a sly grin. 

Her headache was almost gone, and she began searching more thoroughly for her underwear, in preparation for a trip to the shower. After a few minutes, she discovered the lacy, semi-transparent scrap of material behind the armchair. Retrieving it, she headed off down the hall to the bathroom, discarding her dress in the process. As she waited for the fine spray of water to reach temperature, she caught a glimpse in the bathroom mirror of the dark curly triangle of hair that adorned her crotch.

"Now behave yourself," she said sternly, pointing at its reflection, and suppressing a giggle.

Laughing at her own silliness, another thought entered her mind, one that made her wrinkle her cute little nose, a thought that could only be expressed in extremely naughty terms.

"Every once in a while, a girl deserves to have a well ... and very, very thoroughly ... used pussy!"

Laughing to herself, she stepped into the shower and reached for the shampoo bottle, still reflecting on the events of the party. And what a party ...

* * *

Sean and Roman were very good friends, and shared many similar, if geeky interests, such as computers; the math club; and everything else even remotely technological or scientific. Until Grade 12, girls had avoided them like they had bubonic plaque, but over the course of the prior summer their lives had changed. Apparently, it was suddenly somewhat cool to be academically gifted, and able to pick and choose between various colleges and universities! And, serendipity being what it was, they had somehow managed to meet, and double date, a pair of sisters as a result of their summer jobs at a computer camp. The younger of the two, Lisa, had hooked up with Roman, and even though she was only fifteen, rather enthusiastically introduced him to the art of necking, although that was as far as she was prepared to go. Her older sister Nancy probably had some real feelings for Sean, but they weren't reciprocated, so their romance foundered after a half dozen weeks. As August ended, Roman and Lisa mutually agreed to break up, if you could even call their series of dates a relationship. But it had made for a great summer, as they and the girls indulged in a number of Saturday nights of steamy parking after a movie or whatever, and the two young men returned to classes with a whole new level of confidence as far as the opposite sex was concerned. And surprise, surprise ... most of the previously unapproachable girls in their classes suddenly were more than prepared to engage in conversation, or even flirt with them a little! 

By the Christmas break, Roman had started to sit beside Michelle during spare, and to discuss his future plans with her. Sean found this new relationship that his best friend had established remarkable, and told him so, because Michelle was not only beautiful, in the way that eighteen year old blue-eyed natural blondes with very interesting curves can be, but a certified, perhaps even charter, member of the "in crowd". One day, just before Valentines, Michelle made the extraordinary suggestion that Roman should ask her friend Sarah for a date.

Now normally, Roman would have felt that Sarah was somewhat "out of his league", even though that fall he had started to go out with a few different girls here and there. The more socially popular guys were always trying to talk to Sarah, or sit beside her in class, or get her attention in any way possible. Even though she wasn't particularly well endowed figure wise, her exquisite light brown hair, which cascaded down of her back in a very sexy way, arresting grey eyes, and high cheek bones, along with an elegant and graceful demeanour, made her certifiably "hot", if somewhat unattainable, for most of the senior class boys. At least that's what Roman and Sean had heard repeatedly, whenever an all-male conversation turned to the subject of girls.

Roman was therefore very surprised when Sarah approached him one day after calculus, and asked for some help with her homework. Although he was very nervous to be in close proximity to such a beautiful girl, he provided the necessary help, although he was far too much in awe of her to exploit the situation.

But Michelle was rather firm with him in regards to what should happen with Sarah, including providing a piece of paper with her telephone number on it, so he got up his courage and called. In a year of miracles, one that had so far been highlighted by becoming a world renowned expert on the subject of kissing young females, another exceptional event occurred, as Sarah readily agreed to a date.

As Roman showered and shaved in preparation for this momentous occasion, a virtual mass of overactive nervous energy, he prayed to every deity known or invented by humankind that he wouldn't say or do something idiotic or stupid! After he had picked her up, and they were in the car on the way to a movie, he carefully conversed with her. As she made cautious conversation back at him, he had a sudden revelation; she was not only as nervous as he was, but equally anxious to make the date a success! Clearly the stars were aligned for at least that evening, because the movie was pretty good, and provided for some lively discussion over hamburgers and soft drinks afterwards. And at one point in the evening, Roman even caught Sarah looking at him in an admiring way, when she thought his attention was elsewhere. He pretended not to notice, even though this was bordering on amazing, because Roman thought of himself as fairly average in the appearance department; although, to be fair, at 5'9"; with dark eyes and dark hair, and an athletic frame, he probably was decent enough from a girl's standpoint. But then again, Sarah wasn't just another girl!

When they left the restaurant, Sarah held his hand as they walked back to the car, and when he took her home, she gave him a small kiss on the lips, and a fetching smile, as she thanked him for the evening. Now Roman was hardly a dating expert, but he knew enough to be certain that a request for a second date wouldn't be turned down ... and of course it wasn't. Pretty soon they were "an item", and Roman gradually got to put Lisa's instruction to very good use!

Sean was half complimentary, half incredulous, and half jealous, of Roman's romantic conquest, as it unfolded over a number of weeks.

"What do you know that I don't?" he complained morosely to Roman one afternoon after school.

"How so?" Roman replied, puzzled.

"C'mon, you're dating the most beautiful girl in the entire school, and when you're not with her, you're hanging out with her best friend ... who's so hot ... she sizzles. And then there's that Janet ... who I certainly wouldn't kick out of bed ... and now she's started sitting with you and Michelle during spare ... you must be doing something right ... by the way, does Janet's boyfriend Joey know that you've added her to your harem?"

"It's not like that!" Roman protested.

"If you say so ... but, then again, how would you expect a nerd like me know what it's like anyway?" Sean said bitterly.

"Tell you what," Roman said, trying to cheer his friend up, "I haven't told many people yet, but my parents are going to let me host a party for Sarah's eighteenth a week Saturday ... why don't you get a date and come, or come by yourself if you like ... I think there will be some singles there, along with some couples."

"Michelle and Janet are coming," Roman added, trying to tempt his friend, "and while Janet and Joey will be together, I don't think Michelle is bringing a date. I'm still asking around, but I'm pretty sure they'll be at least a dozen kids."

It took some coaxing, but Roman finally got Sean to agree to come. The party was a success, and his parents even managed to look the other way when there was an empty bottle of white rum in plain view on the bar afterwards; although Roman hadn't had any, as he needed to drive Sarah home. His father discreetly gave him a smell test ... before surrendering the car keys to him!

During the party, Roman had been encouraged to see Sean enjoying himself, and mixing in, at first shyly, with a crowd he had thought were far to cool for him. By early May, Sean was confident enough to join into conversations, or lunchtime outings, which often included Roman's so-called harem, and usually a few others. But whenever Roman suggested he ask Michelle out, he backed away from the idea like she might bite him!

* * *

As Janet cleaned up the house after her shower, she continued to muse on her sexual awakening; at least as far as boys were concerned. Surprisingly, and despite what was, she was certain, an above average female sex drive, she had only recently given up her virginity. At least her theoretical virginity, because any physical traces had long ago been sacrificed to a series of common household objects! When she had started dating Joey, at the beginning of Spring Break, it had been inevitable, even anticipated. Joey, (no one ever called him Joseph or Joe), was the perfect individual to give her such an important life lesson. All dark and handsome, with bedroom eyes and good manners; he also gave off just the smallest hint that he was wise in the ways of women. Their first few dates resulted in the normal progression of a kiss, kissing, and then more serious smooching. Janet was ready for, indeed was looking forward to, him making some bolder moves. A perfect sunny April Saturday afternoon, with her house deserted of parents and siblings until very later on that night, provided an ideal setting.

They had gone out for lunch, and afterward, Janet coyly suggested they go for a walk in the park. But, she told him, in order to do so she needed to change her shoes, which meant that Joey would have to drive her home. Once inside the house, all thoughts of parks and walking were abandoned for another sort of nature, as Janet began to kiss him hungrily, attacking his willing tongue with her own, and leaving him with no illusions as to her state of sexual arousal. Pulling her down on a couch, as they continued to kiss, he began to address the stiff little points that crested her breasts, rather easily accessible underneath the low neckline of her dress, as she had conveniently neglected to wear a bra that day!

Pretty soon, his wandering hands sought even more interesting regions of her anatomy; as he pulled up the skirt of her dress and tried to expose what was hidden underneath her tiny white panties. Of course she put up some token resistance, more for good form than any other reason; after all a girl didn't want to seem too easy, even if that was exactly what she intended to be! So she half-heartedly pushed his wandering hand away several times, while trying to keep her legs closed; before letting him reach his intended goal, as he finally pulled the crotch of her flimsy underwear aside so he could experience the delights of her very wet pussy for himself! Apparently he had some previous familiarity with a girl's secret places, as he expertly caressed her labia just above her clitoris, while he gently penetrated her vagina with a finger, causing her to sigh and moan. Completely lost to the electricity of the sensations he was creating inside her, she gave herself completely over to him, letting him finally remove her panties entirely, so he had unobstructed access to her womanhood!

Without warning, he suddenly knelt down on the floor, and then, before she could react or protest, he pulled her hips forward to the edge of the cushion, and pushed her legs very wide apart. Even as she blushed at this indecent exposure of her intimate region, he began to use his tongue to separate her delicate labia so he could further attack her swollen clitoris; while another busy finger continued to more forcefully stimulate the interior of her vagina. After a few minutes of having her pussy tormented by Joey, Janet was totally beyond any rational thought; the only thing that mattered was that teasing tongue, and that probing finger, and the explosive orgasm that was building up inside her. When it came, with an intensity she had never before felt, she cried out wildly, eyes tightly shut, even as her vagina repeatedly clutched its intruder with the longest and most intense series of contractions she had ever experienced!

While she was returning to some sort of consciousness after her climax, she became aware that Joey had now removed her dress, and was taking off his own clothes. She gasped a little at the sight of his erect penis; she had never tried to force anything as large as that inside her, no matter how lustful a state she was in! No longer bothering with such formalities as permission, Joey retrieved a condom from the pocket of his slacks, and began to roll it onto the formidable monster standing at attention in front of his midsection. Rolling her gently onto the couch, he slid his boxer shorts underneath her hips, obviously not wanting to stain the upholstery. It occurred to the remaining rational portion of Janet's feverish mind that he might have done this before! Then moving between her legs, he used one hand to guide his swollen penis to the opening of her vagina, and began to carefully enter her. Janet winced in anticipation of this intrusion; she had heard from her girlfriends how painful the first entry could be, especially if the boy was in a rush, which usually they were! But her suspicions of Joey's level of sexual experience were confirmed, as he didn't try to quickly violate her, but only entered her a little at a time, stopping after each bit of progress until her tight passage had a chance to adjust to his girth. Finally, he was mostly inside Janet, and though it was somewhat uncomfortable, it certainly wasn't terrible!

After a few moments he began to slowly move in and out, which also wasn't unpleasant to Janet. And as her well lubricated vagina began to more fully adjust to his size and motions, she began to relax and enjoy the sensations of actual intercourse. Gradually her female instincts began to take over, and she started to move her pelvis in time with his quickening thrusts, eventually wrapping her legs around him so he could go much deeper with each stroke, which made him grunt with satisfaction. As he continued to possess a more and more willing Janet, his back and forth grinding against her pubic region, still supersensitive from its earlier tongue lashing, re-kindled her sexual fire, and she began to frantically grasp at him with her hands. Everything about her pussy was so soft ... and warm ... and yielding! And he was so strong ... so hard ... and it felt so, so good! As she rocked in time with his thrusts, the heat and electricity built up to a crescendo. When she felt him pulsing inside her as he climaxed, it triggered an automatic orgasmic response of her own, and she just let herself float away on a tide of wonderful sensations, almost unaware that she had buried her fingernails into the flesh of his back.
