 I never really understood the allure of Las Vegas until my first visit to Sin City. Actually, my first visit I moved there after being transferred by my company. Ever since I've been amazed by the power the city has over me. Like a siren luring sailors to rocky shores, Vegas has influenced some of the best and worst decisions of my life.

Having just graduated from my university studies and recently moved to Vegas I had little money and no friends in the "city that never sleeps". And being a twenty-three year old, healthy male I desperately wanted to explore the debauchery that I was sure the city had to offer.

One Friday afternoon shortly after I arrived I picked up a local magazine that focused on the local adult scene. In the back I found advertisements for adult book stores, local strip clubs, escorts and something I was unfamiliar with at that age: swinger's clubs.

I remember carefully looking at the swinger's club ads, trying to figure these places out. The concept looked remarkably honest; a nightclub for the sole purpose of getting laid. After studying the ads for each club in town I decided to call what reported to be the oldest and largest swinger's club in town: The Red Rooster. After all, I've always been a believer in the value of brand and tradition.

I remember nervously thinking about it for a couple of hours before finally picking up the phone. I had a relatively prudish upbringing, being raised to believe sex was dirty, or at the very least something that one should feel guilt about even thinking of. But my curiosity, sense of adventure and (let's be honest here) hormones got the best of me and I finally worked up the courage to pick up the phone and call.

My heart raced and my stomach felt as if I had butterflies in it as the phone rang. I don't really know why I was nervous but I think a small part of me was actually hoping no one would answer. But someone did answer. The female voice on the other end of the line told me that her name was Chris, and that she and her husband owned the Red Rooster. She explained that theirs was the largest club in town, which had a dance floor, game room, swimming pool and guest rooms. They also had a large "group bed", whatever that was. She went on to explain that they offered a safe environment for couples and singles to meet and that no, no one was expected or required to have sex at the club. I was relieved. My curiosity piqued, I told the Chris that I planned to visit that night. Chris told me that she gives tours to new people like me and to let her know when I arrived.

Despite Chris' hospitality and comforting tone, I was anxious as I showered and dressed for the evening. My mind raced with images of the good, the bad and the ugly that I might see or experience that night. More than once I changed my mind completely and decided not to go, only to have my imagination of things to come convince me once again that I shouldn't miss this experience.

The Club

At the entrance I met a familiar voice as Chris introduced herself to me. "Oh good, I'm so glad you came in," she said in a sweet voice. I would estimate that she was in her fifties at the time and wore a shear summer dress, which revealed a very womanly figure. She wasn't my type, but there was something about her that was sexy nonetheless. Holding my hand and pulling me in tow she continued, "Let me show you around and introduce you."

Chris guided me through the facility, showing me the club's various amenities: dance floor, pool table, DJ booth, pool, hot tub, private rooms, and a giant, round "group bed" in a semi-private room of its own. The place was huge, but not very lively.

"When do people usually show?" I asked, hoping this wasn't all there was to see.

"Oh, honey, we just barely opened. The party doesn't really start until twelve or one."

I've always been an introvert and not very good at meeting new people, especially in settings where I don't know anyone at all. I'm not quite Rain Man, but pretty damned close. Really my only redeeming quality at that point in my life was my looks. In fact, I'd always avoided situations where I didn't know anyone in attendance, instead always relying on someone to go with me, like a security blanket. If it weren't for the lure of getting laid that night, I would have left immediately. But I hung in there, wandering around the club trying to look thoughtful as I inspected the amenities, waiting for something to happen, whatever "something" was.

Aside from me, the only other guests in the club were gathered around the pool table. A group of five men watched as a slender, blond woman with an absolutely stunning figure played very naughtily. She wore a skin tight leather mini-skirt and a shear blouse, revealing the body of a Penthouse Pet. Her perky breasts defied gravity and I could see her hard nipples brushing the edge of the table as she bent over again to shoot. As she hiked one knee on the table I couldn't help but notice she wasn't wearing panties. Nice! I thought.

Almost as if she'd heard my thoughts, when she was done putting the cue ball in the corner pocket she turned to look at me, then marched directly over to me. But as she approached I noticed something horribly wrong. It was as if I was looking at one of those drawings where first see a beautiful young woman in a fur coat and hat, but if you look long enough you see an old hag with a big nose with a wart on it. Think Heather Locklear's body with Bea Arthur's face.

"You're new!" she exclaimed, looking me over from head to toe with a lecherous glint in her eyes. Then she took another step closer and grabbed my crotch. "Wanna play?"

I felt like I was in an episode of the Twilight Zone. I've let my dick make a lot of decisions (good and bad), but I really didn't know what to do in this situation. It was like an evil Pavlov-ian experiment. She had an amazing body that any twenty-something woman would be proud to have. But when I looked into her face I saw... Grandma.

"Yeah, uh, I just stopped in to check the place out. This is my first time here," I said, turning to grab my drink from the counter in order to break her hold on my package. "Would you care for a drink?" I asked in a feeble attempt to make the move look casual.

"Sure," she said, beaming at me.

This must be how bunnies feel when the fox corners them. "My name's Aaron," I said, handing her a drink.

"Judy," she replied, reaching for the glass without taking her eyes off mine.

I was intrigued by the contradiction that she was. I couldn't help but let my eyes wander over her body, marveling at her body. Her skirt was so tight it looked painted on, and her shear blouse revealed the most perfect breasts I'd ever seen. She had a stunning body, one that I'd later learn was perhaps an extreme example of the lengths women in Vegas will go seeking youth under a surgeon's knife. But when I got to her face, there was Grandma staring back at me.

"Would you like to go someplace more private?" she asked, moving closer.

God no!, I thought as I backed into the bar. I was envisioning waking from nightmares in a cold sweat for years to come if I did go with her. No amount of therapy could make this right. I'd loved to have fucked that body, but I just couldn't get over the Grandma thing. "Hmm, maybe later. I'm a little nervous. I'd like to just watch for a little while." Then I drank my entire cocktail in one long swallow.

"Are you sure?" she asked in a tone Grandma uses when I turn down fresh-baked cookies.

"Uh, yeah, maybe later," I lied, trying to hide my complete shock.

With a flicker of disappointment, she turned and walked back to the pool table. I remember thinking it was odd, but the men waiting for her looked relieved to have her back. They must know something I don't, but I'm not going to find out, I thought.

Feeling as though I'd narrowly escaped a potentially traumatic psychological injury I decided to leave. Finishing my drink I placed my glass back on the bar and started for the door, but a flood of people entering all at once blocked my flight. There were no single women, but many beautiful couples. Amongst the flood of people one girl caught my eye; a gorgeous, petite brunette in her early twenties. My mouth dropped open and my heart skipped a beat as she passed. She was possibly the most beautiful woman I'd ever seen.

Maybe I'll hang out a little longer, I thought as I followed the current of people entering the club and returned to the main room. The place suddenly came alive with the noise and energy of the people streaming through the door. I lost my brunette waif in the crowd, but other eye candy quickly captured my attention as the Red Rooster rapidly filled to standing room only.

I wandered through the club, taking in the eye candy. There were couples that looked like they'd arrived from formal occasions, dressed in suits and evening gowns. Other couples were dressed casually in jeans and t-shirts. Still others looked like they'd dressed specifically for an evening of sexual indulgence, the men wearing boxer shorts (or in the tragic case of one portly man, only a collar and a cock-ring) and their women wore sexy lingerie.

The place took on the feel of a sexual carnival, with a feast for the eyes anywhere I looked. As I roamed, taking in the sights I gravitated back to my old vantage point near the bar to continue my voyeurism.

Phaedra

"Hello," she said, suddenly appearing out of nowhere. It was the mesmerizing nymph I'd seen entering before. This beautiful creature now stood in front of me, looking as nervous as I'd felt when I watched her walk by. "My name is Phaedra," she said attempting a matter of fact tone as if we were meeting at a trade show.

"Hi Phaedra, my name is Aaron," I replied, trying my best to sound confident. "Um, you come here often?" I asked, wishing I hadn't said it the instant it came out of my mouth. How cheesy was that? Why not ask her her zodiac sign? I thought.

"You wanna come with me?" she asked, apparently not hearing my feeble attempt at small talk, or not caring. My heart skipped a beat. What was she asking me?

"Yeah!" I answered, not even trying to hide my excitement.

With that she spun on her heels and walked toward the private rooms, me in fast pursuit like a puppy. As we passed the pool tables I avoided eye contact with slutty grandma as she shot a fiery look my way.

Jim

"You found him!" a happy voice called out as soon as I entered the room. My eyes hadn't adjusted to the dim light yet, but I could make out enough of the room to tell there were several people in there. I followed Phaedra into the room, passing one double bed to a second bed against the far wall.

"I told you I'd get him," Phaedra said as she sat down next to a nude man reclining on the bed. "This is my boyfriend Jim," she said, smiling brightly at me. Apparently I had been a topic of conversation.

"Phaedra thinks you're hot," Jim said, looking into my eyes as he fondled Phaedra's breasts. "Sit down," he said.

I sat on the mattress next to Phaedra, facing the bed closer to the door. As my eyes adjusted to the darkness I began to make out movement of bodies intertwined across from us. A middle-aged blond woman was in a 69 position with a middle-aged man. She moaned softly as she ground her pussy into his mouth, bobbing her head up and down in a slow, rhythmic motion on his dick. Another man was behind her, fucking her from behind. I couldn't make out much detail, but all three looked like typical, middle class people. A soccer mom getting her freak on with her neighbors.

"We haven't seen you here before," Jim said as he pulled Phaedra's shirt over her head.

"It's my first time," I answered nervously, my mind racing as I took in what was happening. Was it appropriate to stare?

"Take off your clothes," Jim said, looking at me. Phaedra stood and faced me, looking into my eyes as she wriggled her tiny frame out of her tight jeans. She gave me a coy smile as she stood in front of me naked, then stepped forward to kiss me. As she grabbed my belt I felt intoxicated: Phaedra's hard body felt as good as it looked, and she was an amazing kisser. It felt like new love. As she pulled my jeans and underwear down in one motion, she knelt in front of me, running her fingers up the back of my thighs, sending an electric charge through my whole body. My cock literally sprang to attention, quickly finding its way into Phaedra's willing mouth.

"Where are you from?" Jim asked me as he gently stroked Phaedra's hair while her head bobbed back and forth on my dick.

"Um, Seattle," I answered, my voice breaking. What was the appropriate etiquette for a situation like this? It seemed weird to look directly at Jim while his girlfriend was sucking on my cock. I kept my gaze on the threesome across from us as the man taking the woman from behind started to thrust more forcefully into her. Fixing my eyes on them seemed like the polite thing to do.

"How long are you in town?" Jim asked.

Really? I thought. Are we really going to make small talk? Now? "I just moved here," I answered, teeth clenched. Phaedra was slowly rubbing her tongue on that spot on the underside of my shaft, just past the head, sending chills up my spine and making my dick so hard it hurt.

Call it inexperience, homophobia or just being paranoid. I had visions of Jim suddenly getting jealous at the site of my cock in his beautiful girlfriend's mouth and jumping up to kick my ass. I tried to remain detached, focusing on the people on the bed next to us. The MILF got up and turned around. She was now on all fours sucking the guy that was drilling her from behind and the other man was now taking her from behind.

Phaedra was doing such an amazing job sucking on my cock that I lost my balance and fell onto the bed next to Jim. I reached for her head to guide her beautiful mouth back to my cock, but Jim had other plans, suddenly standing up then guiding Phaedra to her feet to hold her in an embrace and kissed her deeply. I remember how romantic it looked, or would have looked if it were not for the context of where they were doing it.

Jim moved Phaedra to the foot of the bed, bent her over, and pushed her toward me. As she moved up my body I put my feet up on the bed and reclined, my cock pointing at the ceiling. Phaedra continued to work her way up my body, straddling me. I felt her pussy slide across my cock as Jim continued pushing her up until she sat on my stomach. When she sat on me I could feel the warm moistness of her pussy resting on my abdomen. I ran my hands up her back to pull her down to me for a kiss. Jim had the same idea as he pressed down on the center of her back and I felt him insert his hand between her pussy and my stomach, lifting her hips up so she was on all fours. Our lips met as I felt Jim start to lick her pussy from behind.

"Mmmm...," Phaedra groaned, nibbling on my lips as Jim started to lick her more forcefully.

Homophobia set in again as I started to feel uncomfortable with Jim being so close to my cock. His attention was on her, but I could feel him pushing me away to get access to her pussy. My head was spinning and I couldn't wait anymore. I grabbed Phaedra's hips and pushed her back toward my cock until I felt her warmth on my dick once again. As we connected I felt Jim's hand on my cock guiding me into her.

"Oh God!" I cried out as she lowered herself onto me. She was so tight that it took all my focus to keep from cumming immediately. Phaedra grabbed my head with both hands and leaned forward, kissing me deeply. Our tongues intertwined, I held her closely. We were alone in the world as she continued to lower herself the to base of my cock. We continued to kiss as she began to ride me slowly as if we were lovers enjoying each other's embrace for the first time after a being apart.

Phaedra's rhythm slowed as her hips rose a shorter distance each time until she stopped completely with my cock deep inside her. I felt Jim's hands on her hips, pushing her firmly down on me. Then Phaedra broke our passionate kiss as I felt Jim's weight on the bed behind her.

"Oh, God! No! No! No!" she yelled. I could feel him positioning his cock against mine, and then he pushed slowly but steadily inside her pussy right next to my cock. The feeling was incredible. It felt like I had a small tourniquet around the base of my cock as I was pinched between his girth and her small, tight pussy. Then that tourniquet feeling slowly moved up the length of my cock until it reached my head, which felt like it would burst. I couldn't tell if this felt good or hurt, but it was incredibly hot. Phaedra writhed between us as if she was being split in half, then buried her head in my shoulder.

Once Jim was fully inside Phaedra he stopped to let her adjust to our combined girth. I remember feeling his cock pulsing against mine, and how unbelievably tight she felt now. It was amazing and I was ready to cum.

Phaedra moaned loudly, as if to signal that she'd adjusted to having two cocks inside her pussy. As if on cue, Jim started to pump in and out of her, his cock gliding against mine. With her head on my shoulder, Phaedra began to pant in my ear, then bit my earlobe as she moaned louder. As her moans reached a crescendo, I felt her pussy convulse, contracting around my cock, forcing her to scream into my ear as she came.

Phaedra's contractions proved too much for Jim to handle. As Phaedra's body shook against mine I felt Jim shudder and grunt, his cock pulsing hard against mine. As his pulsing continued I felt the rush of his hot cum engulf my penis. I couldn't hold back anymore. The feeling of them cumming sent me over the edge and I also came inside Phaedra.

Phaedra loosened her bite on my ear as we enjoyed the afterglow, then began to kiss my neck softly. The unbelievable tightness of her pussy began to loosen as our cocks became flaccid. Jim withdrew and sat at the foot of the bed. Phaedra kissed me once more before crawling off me and sitting on the edge of the bed. As I sat up I watched the threesome next to us. One man was now on his back with the woman riding him reverse cowgirl. The other man stood at the foot of the bed with his cock in her mouth.

"Hand me a Kleenex," Phaedra asked me, pointing to the box on the nightstand between the two beds. "You guys made a mess."

Jim and I looked at what she was referring to. A thick stream of cum was running out of her pussy, enough to easily fill a shot glass.

"Now you won't know whose baby you're having," Jim said with a laugh.

"No kidding," Phaedra said.

All three of us watched the group on the bed next to us. We were all turned on, but too exhausted to do anything about it. At least that's what I thought.

Phaedra suddenly stood up and walked to the other bed, then confidently straddled the man lying on his back, planting her freshly fucked pussy on his mouth. I remember how hot that seemed, knowing that she had so much cum in her pussy and was now riding this stranger's face to a second orgasm. Phaedra pressed her hips into his face and leaned forward to steady herself against the wall above the head of the bed. Grinding her hips back and forth faster and faster, she finally cried out, "FUCK!" as she came a second time.

When Phaedra's orgasm subsided she nonchalantly dismounted the man's face as if she'd been riding a bicycle and started to pick her clothes up. I, however, was ready for another round and started stroking her breasts as she stood, leaning forward in front of me.

"Mmm, not right now. I'm hungry," Phaedra said, brushing my hands away from her. "Let's go get something to eat." Then looking at Jim, "and then I'm in the mood for a girl!"
