 For readers who have never read the prequel to this, I have set out the rules for RED POLKA DOTS on the last few pages, and I would encourage reading them before getting into this story.

* * *

[From RED POLKA DOTS: The outfit was perfect, in a retro way. She had found it on a trip to the mall, where she had taken the baby in his stroller; more to get out of the house than anything else. And there it was on the rack of the boutique, nestled beside its identical neighbours, with a few in her size; a short white flaring skirt, with red polka dots, just like the one she had when she was a little girl. Some further searching uncovered an almost transparent shimmery top; that was close to an exact match for the polka dots colour on the skirt. Tonight was the first time she had worn the outfit, and she was sure that it would get plenty of attention. Even though the neckline of the top was quite low, she hadn't bothered with a bra, now that her breasts had returned to more or less to normal after nursing. Besides, she wanted to get the men at the party thinking about them, or catching glimpses of them. There was apparently nothing to be done about her hips; even as she exercised herself fanatically to get her figure back. Her gym consultant had said, stupid realist that he was: "You can't go home again!"]

* * *

All characters in this story who are involved in serious sexual situations are at least 18 years old - PS

* * *

Janet lounged on the living room couch, full of anticipation! She was almost as excited as that night when she decided to seduce Matt. Remembering, she smiled to herself. After a half a dozen or so dates, she was totally smitten, and pretty much ready to throw herself at him any way she could. But it seemed Matt was going to require some encouragement, because based on his timid behaviour it very apparent that he had never been with a girl. She was very determined to correct that problem; as quickly as possible!

She recalled in an amused fashion how, after a decent interval of kissing, she had placed his hand on one of her breasts, and the surprised look on his face when she did so. Sensing his uncertainty, she had whispered, "Please don't make me beg you ... it's embarrassing."

After that, he had caught on, and they had engaged in some rather awkward, fumbling sex. Even though he was certainly no Joey in terms of technique, she was surprised at her incredibly intense response to him. Apparently, love did conquer all!

Just then she heard the doorbell, interrupting her reminiscence. Getting up and going into the front hall, she opened the door to greet her best friend, Sarah.

"Am I late?" Sarah asked, stepping inside.

"No, just right," Janet replied, giving her a smile, and then a hug, "Leanne is already here to babysit, so we'll be going in a few minutes."

"Fantastic outfit," Sarah interjected in an admiring way, as she looked Janet up and down.

"Do you like it? I had a skirt just like this when I was a 5 or 6."

"Like it; it's perfect ... you could have just walked out of a 50's movie. I'm jealous!"

"Well, you look pretty nice as well."

Sarah was wearing a strapless champagne coloured cocktail dress with gathers at the bodice, and a contrasting ribbon waistband in a complimentary lighter shade that accentuated the short flounces of the skirt.

"Bra?" Janet asked with a knowing smirk.

"No, I barely need one, so I mostly don't bother, except for work," Sarah replied with a smirk of her own, "... you?"

"Not tonight ... can't you tell?"

"Pretty much ... your nipples are showing right through that top," Sarah said with a giggle, "the guys are going to be trying to get a look; for sure!"

"Oh no," Janet said, feigning horror.

"Slut city," Sarah said in a teasing way, which made the two of them share a conspiratorial laugh.

"Where's your overnight bag?" Janet suddenly asked, noticing that Sarah was empty handed except for a bottle of wine in a gift bag that she had placed on the hall console.

Sarah was going to stay over so she didn't have to drive after the party. Sometimes Leanne also stayed over, if it got very late, and the babysitter had brought some things as well.

"Locked in the trunk," Sarah replied, lowering her voice, "After everything you've told me about Leanne, I didn't like the idea of her possibly going though it ... and maybe finding my 'little friend' ... or worse, using it on her pussy while we're out ... not happening!"

"Good idea," Janet agreed with a nod, checking to see if Leanne was anywhere nearby, "since that one's motor is always running from what I can tell. The last time she stayed overnight she deliberately flashed Matt the next morning?"

"No way ... how do you know it was deliberate?"

"Because Matt said she took her time covering things up, and even though she was apologizing, the look on her face was about as open an invitation as he can remember."

"Oh, oh!"

"I'm not too worried. It's all about being 18, and curious, and horny; just like we were at her age!"

"And we're not curious and horny now?" Sarah said with a grin.

"Of course," Janet replied with a grin of her own, "anyway, I don't really blame her; Matt probably seems so much more mature than any of the boys she dates. Plus he's pretty good looking, and a nice guy to boot. It wouldn't be the first time an 18 year old hussy got the hots for an older man. And it's not like he's 45 or something; so she made a play for him!"

"Do you think she's still a virgin?"

"Not based on the way Matt described that incident. More likely she's been with a guy. You know how it happens, she and some boy she's been dating for a while are doing some heavy duty kissing; and probably she's already let him take her bra off a few times. So tonight, once he has her partly undressed, he gets a bit more daring, and tries putting his hand up under her skirt so he can touch her through her underwear. And she's not exactly pushing him away, or saying no ... quite the contrary! So he gets even bolder and pulls her panties aside so he can feel her up for real; and things get a little out of control, and she's not 15 or 16 anymore, so she lets him just go ahead, and pretty soon they're both naked and having sex. But like most guys that age he's in a big rush, so it probably isn't so great for her. And they do it a few more times before they break up, and he doesn't exactly make her see skyrockets; so now she's decided to go after a more experienced man who will know how to fuck her properly."

"Nice language!"

"Sorry, but that's the only suitable term for what she wants Matt to do to her."

"But he's married ... to you!"

"So?"

"You better be careful, he might just be tempted ... she is attractive; and young!"

"Well if he does, he does. Maybe it would be a good thing if Matt did her properly!"

"Janet," Sarah exclaimed with a giggle.

"Unlike that little slut, I didn't have that kind of problem my first time, because I was with someone who knew his way around a pussy."

"Lucky duck," Sarah said with a smile, "Roman and I had to ... how should I put it, you know, like the song at the end of 'Grease' ... 'Feel Your Way'!"

Janet started to laugh, "I think you managed alright, from what you've told me."

"Hi Sarah," Matt's voice said, from the top of the stairs, "all ready for tonight?"

"I hope so," Sarah replied blowing him a kiss as he descended, and then giving him a hug when he reached the hallway.

"You two look wonderful," Matt said politely, pulling away from Sarah.

"Thank you," Janet and Sarah said, almost in unison.

"Well you do, both of you," Matt said emphatically.

"I hear you're having some difficulties with your babysitter," Sarah said to Matt in a teasing tone.

"How so?" Matt answered in a confused way.

Sarah gave him a coy look, and then said in a suggestive way, clearly pretending to be Leanne, "Oh golly, Mr. Davies, could you please help me, I'm having some problems with this ..."

Janet watched in a surprised fashion as a giggling Sarah quickly lifted the front of her dress right up to her waist, exposing a pair of tiny, virtually transparent bikini panties; nothing much more than a thin strip of scalloped elastic that rested just above her hip bones, and a teensy "V" of material that left almost nothing to the imagination. In fact, you could make out some of the contours of her intimate female anatomy, pouting beneath the small puff of light brown pubic hair, both suggestively on display through the ultra-sheer fabric!

"... it keeps getting all hot and wet, and I just can't seem to do anything about it!"

"Sarah," Janet scolded, "Leanne could come out here any second!"

"Should I take these off, Mr. Davies?" Sarah suggested sweetly to Matt, batting her eyes at him, and then nodding downwards, apparently all innocence, while ignoring Janet, "so you can get a better look?"

"What's the point," Janet said sarcastically to Sarah, "since he can already see almost everything ... can't you," she added, turning to Matt, who was grinning.

"I enjoy wearing sexy underwear," Sarah said a little defensively, letting the hem of the dress fall, "and I never get to show off for a guy ... did you like them Matt?" she continued, giving him a sly flirtatious smile.

"Very much," Matt said, clearly trying to be diplomatic, even though the look on his face showed how much he had enjoyed Sarah's impromptu exposure.

"There's sexy, and there's obscene," Janet said, suppressing a snort as she laughed, "those definitely fall into the latter category!"

"Well, much as I'm sure he enjoyed that little performance, missy," Janet continued with a snicker, "we better get going or we'll be late."

And then she added, suddenly more serious, "I'll get the hors d'oeuvres, Matt, if you get the other things."

"How far away is it?" Sarah asked.

"Down the end of this block, and around the corner about four houses. We can just walk."

* * *

It was a warm night, but a little windy, as they strolled along; Sarah continuing to tease Matt about Leanne's intentions.

It was nice to see her friend in such good humour, Janet thought to herself. The last two years had been quite difficult for Sarah, after Roman was killed just a few months before the two of them were to be married. Janet was still appalled at the incredibly light sentence given to the drunk driver. What was the judge thinking? But notwithstanding that, it was time for Sarah to get on with things, and meet some new men.

Looking at her friend, it didn't seem to Janet that getting a few guys interested should be very difficult, once Sarah put herself back on the market. Sarah didn't have much of a figure, but a perfect complexion, wonderful grey eyes and a beautiful smile, along with long shiny light brown hair, that tumbled half way down her back. At 28, she was possibly even more attractive than at 18, around the time she began to date Roman.

Sarah, Janet knew, had only ever been with two boys, Roman of course; and his friend Sean, just once, that incredible night they played "RED POLKA DOTS" at Janet's house.

And the incident just now in the front hall with Matt, to say nothing of the pornographic panties, led Janet to believe she just might finally be ready for a fling or two.

Janet had been working on the problem for a while.

"You need to put yourself back on the pill," she had suggested several times to Sarah, "in case you meet someone."

"But there would be time, assuming I like the guy well enough."

"Listen missy," Janet admonished, "you're not dealing with teenage boys any more. Any decent guy you date a few times is going to expect to have sex with you, and fairly quickly. Otherwise he'll figure you're just not interested in him and look elsewhere."

"But not on the first date?"

"Why not?"

"What would he think of me after that?" Sarah had argued.

"That you're a fully grown woman quite capable of making her own decisions about who to have sex with, and when, and where ... and that you obviously found him attractive enough to sleep with, even on the first date ... it doesn't mean you're a tramp; not that any man in his right mind would think that about you anyway!"

"And ..." Janet added with a suggestive grin.

"And what?"

"You haven't exactly been getting much, now have you?"

"So ..."

"So maybe it's time to put that vibrator back on the shelf and go for some of the real thing."

"But ..." Sarah had protested with a blush.

"Otherwise I might have to loan Matt to you, to see if you even remember how to do it!"

"You're just kidding, right?"

"No ..."

"You'd actually let him have sex with me ... for real I mean?"

"Of course!"

"But what would he say?"

"If I told him it was OK, he'd probably be happy to have some fun with that sex-starved little pussy of yours. After all, he thinks you are the most beautiful woman he's ever met. I guess I'm only number two," Janet said with a smile and a wink.

"But you and Matt are married ..."

"Of course, and we intend to stay that way. We have a baby now and will probably have another in a few years."

"I don't understand ..."

"Well then, let me explain it to you. First, you read my story, didn't you?"

"Yes; I still can't believe you actually wrote about that night!"

"When it got a good reception on-line, I showed it to Matt. Initially, he was pretty surprised that his sweet little wife was reading such stuff, much less writing, and then posting a story like that. But after a while it got the two of us talking about our marriage, and sex, and so on; and how neither of us got much experience before we hooked up. Matt was a virgin when he met me; and I admitted there had only been one other before him ..."

"Liar!" Sarah protested, interrupting Janet's explanation.

"... let me finish! I didn't want to tell him the real truth; otherwise he might think about my story and connect the ... uh ... red polka dots, if you know what I mean. And that night was right around the time we started dating. So yes, I lied."

"I still don't understand why you'd let Matt have sex with me?"

"Well, when we were talking I suggested to Matt that at some point in our marriage both of us will probably feel the urge to experiment a bit with other people. So after a few conversations we both decided that it might not be a bad thing for either of us, but only if the circumstances were right, and just once in a while. And the other person had to know about it, and give the OK. We just haven't quite got there, what with the baby and all, but we will ... probably soon."

"Janet!" Sarah had exclaimed.

"So that's why if you wanted to let Matt help you out by getting into your pants I'd be fine with it; it would probably be good for both of you. He wouldn't have to spend the rest of his life wondering what it might be like with a different woman; and you'd get laid, which is something that is certainly more than overdue. And I could trust you not to fall in love with him. That's part of what he and I have agreed; just sex; no entanglements."

"You're unreal!"

"No I'm serious. So when you get desperate enough, just ask; and I'll get him to ... ahem ... take care of things!"

"Oh, I couldn't ... uh, I mean ..."

"Oh don't pretend to be so lily white ... I remember a young lady who played a game of 'RED POLKA DOTS', and did it with two boys on the same night, in front of an audience no less! What was her name again ...?"

"But that was different, I was single then."

"And you're single now, so let's try to get our sex life back in gear, shall we?"

This conversation apparently worked, as a short while later Sarah admitted to Janet that she had started to take birth control pills again. And she had also gone out on a few dates, although nothing remotely interesting had happened as of yet.

* * *

Matt rapped on the front door of the house. Most of the homes in the neighbourhood were two stories, like the one he and Janet owned, or more correctly the bank owned, but Ron and Catherine's was one of a handful of bungalows.

As he waited, he couldn't help but admire his female companions. His lovely, and sexy, wife Janet, with her dark eyes and enticing lips, wearing a shade of lipstick chosen to match the red of her outfit; her raven hair caressing her shoulders, contrasting so perfectly with the scarlet of her flimsy and shimmery top; and quite obviously and deliberately naked underneath it. She was complaining bitterly about her hips after having the baby, and no amount of reassurance from Matt had managed to make her content with the situation.

And then there was Sarah, beautiful enough to be a model or an actress, and lonely enough, since the death of Roman, to be the heroine of a Gothic novel. But things seemed to be changing, as the highly enjoyable performance in their front hall suggested. The image of her standing there, with her skirt lifted, and wearing almost nothing underneath, was burned into his mind ... talk about hot stuff!

Just then the door opened, and Ron greeted him.

The stunned look on Ron's face, as he beheld the feminine visions that were Janet and Sarah, almost made Matt laugh.

Recovering himself, Ron finally managed to say "Hi" to the girls.

Ron and his partner Catherine were not married, and didn't appear, from what Matt could surmise, to be in any rush to change that state of affairs. They were several years younger than he and Janet; and therefore probably in no hurry to start making babies either. Matt suspected things were on hold due to money, as they didn't own this house, but were being allowed to live in it by a relative while they saved up for a place of their own.

Janet went up to Ron and gave him a hug, pulling away, and then twirling around in front of him so the red polka dot skirt flew upwards, almost, but not quite, exposing the beginnings of her underwear.

"Do you like it?" Janet asked him, "It's in honour of my story."

"Sensational!" Ron answered, and you could tell he meant it.

"Ron, this is Sarah," Matt said by way of introduction.

"Glad you could come," Ron said in a friendly way, "that's a beautiful dress."

Sarah favoured him with a warm smile, and a "thank you", and then Ron ushered them into the house. Once inside, Matt and the girls placed their various parcels on a hall table, and Ron led the girls away to get a drink. Once they left, Matt picked up a flat cookie tin that contained the hors d'oeuvres that Janet had prepared, and walked towards the kitchen. He knew the layout of the house because they had been there quite a few times before.

When he opened the louver doors that hid the kitchen from view he spotted Catherine, putting the finishing touches on something for the dinner. At first she didn't notice him.

"Hi Catherine," he said, startling her.

"Hi Matt ... how did you get in here so quietly?"

"I didn't think I was all that quiet, you must have been concentrating," he replied, setting the tin down on a counter; and then going up to her so he could get a hug, a very pleasant experience due to Catherine's endowments.

Catherine was somewhat petite, with blue eyes, a cute upturned nose, and shoulder length medium brown hair with highlights. Despite her stature, nature had blessed her with very womanly curves, the uppermost portion of them seductively on display this evening, as you could see a delicate lacy plunging white bra through the semi-transparent cream blouse she was wearing. She also had on an extremely short black A-line skirt, and a shiny wide black belt with a distinctive buckle, and black high heels. Even with their elevation, she barely came up to Matt's shoulder.

"These are ready to go in the oven," Matt said, after the hug was sadly over, as he turned to the counter and opened the tin to display the layers of hors d'oeuvres.
