 Some of you may remember by dilemma from two days ago.

I'd set up a surprise homecoming for my husband, Brad. Problem is, I royally screwed it up.

Brad had hinted at wanting a threesome, so I'd recruited an old high school flame named Mark and we'd had it all set up. I got Brad all tied up, blindfolded and even put headphones on him.

The idea was for Mark and me to get him all excited. Only one of us would touch Brad at a time, so he would think it was only me. Unfortunately, I got so turned on that I got greedy. REAL FUCKING GREEDY!

I was SO ASHAMED! I was keeping Brad totally clueless!!

I'd watched Mark suck Brad's cock.

I sucked Mark's cock!

I'd watched Brad rim Mark's ass, thinking it was me!!

IT GETS WORSE! I WAS SUCH A SELFISH SLUT, right in front of my husband, and he never had a clue!

After I watched my husband rim Mark, I got so turned on I actually tounge-fucked Mark's ass, while it was still wet with my husband's saliva. This is something I REFUSED to do to my loving husband. SELFISH, SELFISH ME!!

Finally, I worked Brad up to orgasm with my talented mouth, while Mark was pounding my hot wet ass. This is something Brad has repeatedly told me he'd love to watch! But I turned into A TOTAL ONE-WAY, SELF-CENTERED BITCH and collapsed as they simultaneously exploded, filling my eager mouth and hot ass with spurt after spurt of cum!

I left Brad tied up, blindfolded, with headphones on, through ALL these intimate and fantastic experiences. I kept all these extraordinary experiences ALL TO MYSELF!!

Why? I was afraid my husband would think I am a sex-starved, nympho who loves to get FUCKED BY MULTIPLE MEN!!

That's exactly what I'd become!

The worst aspect was, Brad would have loved to share this experience and I didn't let him!

I'd been a frigging mess for two days, wallowing in guilt, wondering what to do. I even wrote the entire event up, in all its intimate and humiliating details, and posted it on this forum.

I was looking for advice.

Ultimately, I asked Mark. After all, he is the only one who witnessed the totality of my self-centeredness.

He told me he was actually pretty disgusted with my self-centered behavior. That's why he left me passed out at the foot of the bed with cum dripping from my mouth and anus. He wanted me to realize how selfish my plan turned out, EVEN though he knew it started with good intentions.

He told me my only options were:

1. Tell Brad everything.

2. Never say a word and live with the guilt forever.

I really am a 'good person!' That's why this was so DAMNED difficult. I guess ultimately I am selfish, because I chose option A. Rid myself of the guilt and hope Brad would understand.

---CONFESSION---

I baked Brad his favorite dinner, garlic pasta with shrimp and asparagus. He knew this was a signal I was planning on swallowing his cock later in the evening. You see, I ABSOLUTELY SAVOR the taste of his semen after he eats garlic and asparagus!!

I wore his favorite skirt, with no undies, so he could feel my hot wet womanhood throughout the meal (and more importantly, after). Sometimes he takes advantage of my pantyless crotch as I clean up the kitchen. See, I abhor a dirty kitchen and this drives him crazy. He says it's so frustrating and unromantic to stop and wait while I wash the ditches. On ocassion, he will punish me and that's exactly what he did tonight.

After we cleared the dishes to the sink, he took my hand and said, "Let's go upstairs, this can wait."

"No, it will only take five minutes. You go and get yourself ready for the best blowjob ever!"

I turned around, started the water and began washing. Was he going upstairs or was I going to be punished? My pussy dampened and then I felt my answer as my skirt slid up over my hot round ass!

SMACK, SMACK, I flinched as both my cheeks recieved sharp slaps. Now comes the hard part, the actual punishment!

Yes! I feel his hands part my ass cheeks, then nothing.

I pick up a plate and bring it under the hot water.

There it is, I think, as I feel hot breath on my exposed anal bud. I pause, with the plate frozen under the running water. Then, nothing?

I wait, still nothing but his hot breath on my tight hole each time he exhales.

Oh well, I flip the plate over and he hears the change in the flow of water. Instantly, his warm tounge flicks lightly across my puckered hole.

I freeze, waiting for more from that talented tounge. 10, then 15 seconds pass, still nothing.

I make a move to put the now THOROUGHLY rinsed plate in the dishwasher and...freeze again.

His lips tightly encircle my puckered sphincter, like a hard french kiss, and I feel his tounge tip come to rest lightly on the center of my wrinkled bud. I swear I can feel his heartbeat, ever so slightly pulsing on my anus.

The faint pulses continue but that's it! None of the probing or lapping that I desperately need!

"Damnit Brad, I HAVE to get these done so we can get upstairs. There is something I need to tell you while I suck on that hot cock of yours."

Pleeeaaseee," I beg!

"Then, lets get upstairs so you can enjoy my cock."

"But the dishes," I plead, reaching for the dishwasher.

'Fuck,' I say to myself as you spread my cheeks wider and lock your lips around my hole and again gently place the tip of your tounge at my starfish. Then...you stop.

"BRAD!" I scream.

"Upstairs now or give me your confession just like this," he says, replacing his lips immediately.

I shut the water off, rest my elbows on the edge of the sink and sigh, at the same time trying to push his tounge deeper in my hot, wet, frustrated hole.

I feel his head shake No-No.

OK, I begin. "Remember the night you got home?"

Up and down his tounge moves.

I assume that's a yes and think: 'there's no FUCKING way this confession is going to come out right while I'm standing here like a Dom Bitch and he's back there like my little tool.'

"Ow," I feel teeth on my ass. Telling me to go on.

"Remember, that first blowjob?"

Up and down his tounge moves, vigorously. Signifying how he enjoyed it.

"Remember those two slaps to your cock?"

Up and down with a nip of the teeth at the end, signifying his, displeasure.

"Rember eating that oyster from my ass?"

Up and down, up and down vigorously. Damnit, I'm confessing to a tounge. This isn't fucking working!

"Brad, that wasn't me," I whisper.

Nothing. I wait, still nothing, then a tentative left right movement, I take as a questioning no?

"No, it was Mark, from work."

"What," he asks, removing his face from my ass, leaving me feeling suddenly afraid.

"I was trying to suprise you like those e-mails you sent, but I got carried away. Then I was afraid you'd get mad, so I made him go home."

I was, holding my breath, waiting for your reaction.

"Carried away? What the fuck does that mean?"

"Watching you eat his ass was so sexy, I had to eat it too," I mumbled.

"You won't even lick mine but you ate his," you shouted accusingly?

"I had him fuck my ass too, while I gave you that last blowjob," I said and started sobbing.

"You SELFISH BITCH", he screamed and then he spat in my ass.

FUCK. I spun around but he was already heading out the front door.

I collapsed, to the floor, sobbing.

Screw the dishes. My life is a mess. I barely had enough energy to crawl to the couch, curl up with a comforter and sob myself to sleep.

---?REDEMPTION?---

I awoke and sensed someone in the living room. I saw movement and felt strong hands grab my arms. Another set of hands wrapped tape around my mouth and pulled a pillowcase over my head.

I tried to kick and scream but it was futile. My heart was racing a million miles a minute.

Did I lock the, front door?

Maybe Brad left it open when he left?? SHIT, I was helpless and hoped this would just be is a robbery.

That dream was shattered as I felt a sharp knife slit my pullover skirt from the neckline to my crotch. One set of hands held my upper body and yanked me to my feet as the second ripped the torn dress off, leaving me completely exposed and naked.

Once he got my dress off he wrapped it around my wrist, tied them together and then wrapped them in tape. The guy behind me grabbed my wrists and pulled me into the kitchen. I heard chairs crash against the wall and our centerpiece vase, shatter on the floor,

I was thrown backward across the table, so I kicked out with my legs. I heard a muffled groan and lashed out again, kicking air. Shit, I thought as two hands grabbed my ankles like vices. Mr Vicegrip spread my legs and I felt him lewdly lick my exposed pussy, his rough beard burning my thighs as I tried to squeeze them shut. He continued to force his tounge into my pussy, trying to get deeper, searching for my clit.

Mr, Wrists, was fumbling at his zipper with one hand trying to get his cock out. I tried, to headbutt his crotch but hit his belt buckle.

I felt Mr. Wrists reach down and push Mr Vicegrip from my pussy. Then I felt them lift me by my ankles and wrists. They carried me up the stairs to my bedroom and swung me onto the bed. Mr Vicegrip pulled one leg and quickly tied it securely to my bedpost. Then he repeated the process. Mr Wrists cut through the tape and skirt, then repeated the process. I was helpless now, just like Brad was two nights ago, FUCK!!

Wait. How did they know we had rope, under the matress, already tied to the bedposts?

It must be, I prayed to myself!

It had to be Brad. It's too coincidental, right?

The ropes? The fight? We'd never had a break-in. They knew exactly where the bedroom was.

These thoughts made me relax, JUST A LITTLE...who was the other guy.

Brad didn't know Mark, Who could it be?

---A GIFT OF FORGIVENESS---

I hear Brad say, "Like you said, I don't think it was selfishness, I think she just got carried away, swept up in the heat of the moment."

Mark's voice replies, "You're right. Like I told you, her whole goal was to please you."

Up and down, I shake my shrouded head. You notice.

"Let's get comfortable before we take that hood off," Brad's voice says.

I hear belts unbuckle, zippers released, shoes drop to the floor and then feel weight on both sides of the bed. As I relax, I begin to shake uncontrollably as the adrenaline and fear of the last ten minutes dissipates. I feel hands gently rub my breasts, trying to comfort my shaking body and hear you say, "I'll be right back."

A few seconds later, I feel you return and pull the pillow away from my mouth. Then, you reach underneath and yank the tape from my mouth, you slice a small hole in the pillowcase, place your hand under my head and force something through the hole. I instinctively open my mouth, expecting your cock but my lips find the hard cold edge of a bottle. You silently pour some Dalmore into my mouth. I gulp down a mouthful but don't release the bottle. You recognize my need and allow me another long pull.

What a lucky woman I am. Here you are recognizing my needs, trying to calm my shattered nerves, so I can enjoy whatever this crazy night brings. Meanwhile Mark has been massaging my body, warming my shaking muscles, making the tension slip away.

He's worked his way to my outstretched thighs but bypasses my pussy, instinctively knowing it isn't ready yet for intimate contact. He kneads my thighs. As he works down my calves, I feel Brad's warm cock prod the hole near my mouth.

I eagerly part my lips and caress the warm soft head, gently sucking, hoping to be rewarded with some garlic flavored precum but there is none...yet, I think to myself. You gently pull away and say, "I'm gonna light the fire and some candles. You're still shaking."

Mark has made it down to my feet and his strong hands are firmly sucking the tension from my body. My shaking has been reduced to an occasional tremor, then I notice a slight warmth emanating from two spots. My belly, thanks to the scotch, and from my loins, as Mark slowly and sensually sucks each toe, causing my frigid pussy to relax as its juices begin to flow.

Brad returns and gently cuts the tape around the pillowcase and tosses my hood aside. I see his naked, strong body, glistening in the light of the fireplace and two bedside candles. The lighting is perfect for what I assume may be a pretty vivid night. 

I whisper, "I'm sorry," looking deep into his eyes begging forgiveness. IT'S THERE. I breath a sigh of relief!

"I'm sorry too," he says, suprising me. "The e-mails were wrong. It was just a fantasy game we play. It's so lonely underway! I thought you knew it was supposed to stay that way."

"Well, its always made our sex life fantastic, right?"

"Yes," he says. "Until two nights ago when your conflicting emotions got the best of you. I know you were trying to give me a gift you weren't comfortable giving. Then you got scared."

"Yes!" I whisper. He kisses me and that's when I notice Mark's soft tounge working its way, gently along the folds of my pussy. "Ummm," I murmur into Brad's mouth.

"No more talking, just lay back and enjoy," he murmurs.

I close my eyes and nod, as my clit hardens under Mark's talented tounge.

I feel you shift, open my eyes and find your swollen gland inches from my face, a drop of precum glistening in the candlelight. I smile as you milk more. It slowly drips into my eager mouth. I gasp as it hits my tounge, just as Mark shoves a finger into my wet pussy.

You smile as you lower that glistening bulbous rod into my waiting lips. Ahhh, I sigh as it slides between my lips. I taste our apple oil. You pull out and straddle my face, telling Mark to undo my legs, as you untie my wrists.

I immediately bend my legs to give Mark better access and reach for your cock, sliding it all the way down my throat, until your balls rest on my nose. I push you back out slowly and rub my hands across your back.

I notice your back is oiled but I also notice it's HAIRLESS! Your hairy mat is gone! I pull you deep down my throat as Mark laps at my juicy pussy, working it with two fingers now. As your tight balls hit my nose, I glance and YES, your butt is shiny, and smooth as a babies bum!

Oh, it looks so sexy. I pull your cock from my mouth and suck one of you smooth balls into my mouthk as I spread your smooth glimmering ass cheeks with my hands and stare transfixed at you smooth, sexy, and lubed rosebud.

I feel you move down to my pussy and move Mark's mouth aside.

Then I realize why. You begin licking my clit while he pushes my legs high in the air, sliding his tounge down to my neglected ass. OMG, a tounge on my clit and one gently circling my anus...I must get your cock back in my mouth!

I deep throat it again as Mark begins his first tentative probes with his tounge. Your tounge is playing a symphony on my clit and I begin pumping my mouth up and down your shaft, urging you to unleash your seed in my mouth.

Mark rams his tounge deep past my sphincter walls. You slide your fingers deep in my pussy and I feel you swell in my mouth. I moan and force Mark's tounge deeper as I feel your tounge reach a crescendo on my clit. My pussy begins to contract and your cock explodes in my mouth. Mark somehow manages to force his tounge deeper, even though my powerful anal muscles are spasming wildly!

You slide off me.

Mark's tounge slowly slides from my ass.

I savor your sweet cum. WOW, I think.

You slide up beside me and give me a loving kiss and ask, "Good?"

"Ummmhmmm, fantastic"

"The night is young," you reply and smile.

Mark suddenly kneels by my face with his beautiful cock, totally neglected. I lick my lips and give you a questioning glance. You wink and nod in approval. I open my mouth and reach to cup his balls, gently pulling him to my waiting mouth. Ahh, I moan as he slides in and I feel you lazily stroke my swollen, slick pussy lips.

Your mouth reaches out to lick my nipples, as you continue stroking my wet cunt lips, occasionally straying to my throbbing clit. I reach a rhythm on Mark's cock and you gently pull my nipple with your teeth, causing electric pulses to shoot through my loins.

You move your lips from my breasts and nibble at my earlobe, then slide your tounge into my ear, gently tickling it. I glance and see you are mesmerized by the cock filling my mouth. I have the unselfish urge to share. It seems somehow intriguing and sexy.

I slide Mark out and move my mouth to his balls, pushing on his buns to direct his cock toward your unsuspecting mouth. As it nears, you look into my eyes and I stare, transfixed. Your mouth slowly opens and your tounge circles his throbbing head. I nudge Mark's hips closer and slide my lips up his shaft. Our lips meet and we kiss our way back down his shaft.

I grab his hot rod and guide it to your mouth. You look in my eyes and I smile. You take his head in, close your eyes and slide tentatively down his cock. I continue pumping the root of his shaft, mesmerized as you slowly rock back and forth, deeper every stroke. Finally, I remove my hand and cup Mark's tight balls. I slip a finger in his ass and he moans, thrusting deeper into your mouth. I watch, fascinated as you pull back, lick you lips and slide his thick meat between your lips. Down, down, it slowly disappears until your lips are touching my hand on his tight balls. I reach down, rub my nub and shudder in orgasmic bliss!

My other hand begins fucking Mark's tight hole and he responds by grabbing your head and sliding his cock in and out, in and out, over and over again. I rub my clit harder and harder! Mark moans, I moan, his sphincter muscles clamp on my finger. I bury it in his ass, bring my lips to yours, just as he explodes in your mouth. I feel you swallow the first blast and force my lips around his pulsing rod to be rewarded with the second. I quickly shove it back between your lips for the third spasm and watch it fill your mouth. I swap and catch number four and milk more precious semen from his swollen twitching cock.

Mark falls back, sated and you throw me back on the bed, sliding your cock in my throbbing pussy. You are hard as a rock and I am coming wildly, sucking your hot mouth with mine, searching for any last vestiges of cum.

"That was was FUCKING HOT," you wisper in my ear.

I nod in agreement.

"Are we done," I ask?

You say, "This is the only time we'll ever do this. Can you think of anything we should try. Something we might regret not trying later?"

"Well, umm, umm, yes, I guess."

"Then we're not done, are we?" You smile.

"No," I smile in reply.

My hands go to your hairless chest and I ask you to roll over, remembering your waxed anus! My hands begin to rub your smooth, hairless, chiseled back, working my way to your hot muscled ass. It is smooth and slick, like a greased or marinated roast. I dribble more apple oil down your beckoning crack and knead your hot buns like lumps of warm bread dough. I feel you relax as I spread your smooth waxed cheeks and rotate my thumbs ever closer to your hairless, sweet rosebud.

I watch as you spread your legs to give me better access and you push toward my thumbs every time they graze your sphincter. Your smooth and hairless hole looks soooooo inviting. How could I have missed out in this intimate and sensual act for so long? Guess that's something to thank Mark for!

I lower my mouth and you sigh, as my soft, wet and eager tounge tentatively probes your smooth, hot, apple flavored glory hole. I sigh too, as I realize how selfless and intimate this act is. Your hole pushes back, urging my tounge deeper. I lock my lips around your puckered hole and meet your pressure with equal and opposite pressure, feeling your sphincter muscles relax and open slightly as I slide deeper and deeper.

Then I feel Mark's tounge begin duplicating my motions on my anus. This only causes me to push deeper. Then I begin to rock slowly. In and out, in and out, as I reach for your shaft. It is rock hard! As I grasp it, your sphincter contracts on my tounge. I thrust my tounge deeper and at the same time, grab Mark by the hair, pulling him toward your hot ass.
