 I met the man who would become my husband at a masked charity ball. The attendees all wore fancy dress from the mid-1800s: the men in long tailed coats and ruffled shirts and cravats, the women in high-waist flowing gowns that exposed much of their cleavages. And mine exposed my rather full breasts to their utmost.

All the single men, and many of the married men, vied for my attention, and for obvious good reasons. I'm five foot eight, with auburn hair that falls well past my shoulders and barely covers my nipples when I'm naked: although, that night, I had it up, exposing my long slender neck. My grey-green eyes complimented my hair color.

Not to mention my voluptuous build; 36DD-28-38. I looked nothing like the no-hipped, sporty women that most of the men had on their arms. One could say I was built for comfort and not for speed.

At the last minute, my date had dumped me for.... well....you guessed it.... a tall, slender blonde with long legs. I couldn't really fault him: she was still lovelier than most the other women here. And....she was his wife!

Devon, a tall, dashing man with long, curly brown hair, had been standing off by the bar eyeing me for a couple of hours before he finally approached and asked for a dance. I was tired, at this point, but something in his manner compelled me to give him the dance.

While slender, and not seemingly muscular, he had an air of power, strength, and irresistibility to him that drew me to him as much as my breasts had drawn him to me. He also had a warm smile that melted my heart. 

After the dance, we retired to a small table where he ordered wine for us. I noticed he looked at my breasts only briefly: he mostly looked in my eyes as we talked.

"I don't mind if you stare," I teased. "That is why I'm showing show much."

He laughed, and said, "Every woman here is showing as much décolletage as they can. And while I admire your charms greatly, I can't help but wonder if what's lower might pleasantly reflect what I see above."

He laughed again as I blushed: he'd practically asked to see me naked! And....I was greatly impressed that he knew what décolletage meant!

We danced a few more dances, then the ball was ending. As he walked me to my cab, he asked if he could call me sometime. When I said yes, he removed his mask and kissed me lightly. He was more handsome than I'd imagined!

 Over the next few months, we dated frequently: dinner, movies, opera, etc. Devon was always the consummate gentleman, never pushing me towards the bedroom. I finally decided to give myself to him.

We were at a foreign film festival, his arm around my shoulders, when I guided his hand inside my low-cut blouse. I whispered I wanted him to play with my breasts, and he readily complied. His masterful manipulation of my nipples soon had me on the brink of orgasm without even touching anywhere between my legs!

After the date, he walked me to my door. You couldn't see my porch clearly from the street, so, I made my move. As he kissed me, I worked his zipper down and freed his cock: it was long and thick. I knelt and started sucking him hungrily. It had been months since I'd had a cock in my mouth.

Devon stopped me, and asked, "would you mind being naked while you suck me?"

I shrugged, and soon my clothes were in a pile on the porch. I felt incredibly decadent as I sucked a fully clothed man while being undressed. And, there was a slight risk of being seen. I had never felt so aroused!

He leaned back against my porch rail as I took as much of him as possible into my mouth. It wasn't long before he filled my mouth with his copious load. I swallowed some, but most dribbled down my chin onto my breasts.

He pulled me back up to kiss me and ran his hands along my naked body. I tingled under his caresses and readily accepted when he offered to return the favor. I only hoped no one on the street saw me this way.

I invited him in and took him straight to my bedroom. And, boy, did he return the favor. He licked and ate me to several powerful orgasms! He confessed he really loved eating a woman and could do so for hours, so, I let him.

He explored every inch of my body with his mouth that night, and the weeks to come. While he enjoyed my breasts, he paid particular attention to my bottom, kissing and nibbling all of it. He spread my cheeks and paused when he saw the tattoo encircling my anus– Spit First!

"Yes, I love anal", I replied to his question.

Devon ran his tongue all along my rim and stuck it inside: he was the first to eat my ass, and he ate it as thoroughly as he'd eaten my pussy! This man was definitely a keeper!

We spent the rest of the night, and most of the next day in bed as I let him take me in every opening as often as he desired! 

But the attraction was more than just sexual: Devon is a kind and caring individual. He is extremely witty and often brought me to tears making me laugh. He always treated me with respect. I was the most important person in his life! 

And he was a hard worker. He was, and still is, active in charity work, and generous with his money to people in need. And he is my best friend!

When he proposed, I didn't have to think: I said yes immediately.

 We continued going to the masked balls: I only danced with him. I could see the hatred in the eyes of other women and the desire in the eyes of their dates, but I was for Devon, and Devon only.

Devon would frequently ask my fantasies, to which I usually replied, "I'm living mine every day!"

He knew early on in our relationship that I was an exhibitionist: I am very proud of my body and dressed to show it off in social situations. I also dressed provocatively around the house, but it wasn't always 'For His Eyes, Only'.

Under his persistent petering, I finally admitted I was aroused by feelings of helplessness. That someone else controlled my destiny.

To play on these feelings, a few years back, we started going to adult Halloween parties, many of them on the risqué side. The first time he was Marc Antony and I was a very scantily clad Cleopatra. The next year, he was a Roman gladiator decked out in leather and I was his slave girl, again wearing next to nothing. 

Last year, I went as a school girl, wearing a short plaid skirt that barely covered my ruffled panties. I also wore thigh high stockings and black high heels. He went as a head master for the school. After we returned home, he pulled me across his lap, pulled down my panties and proceeded to swat me with a wooden ruler. I was bright red across my bottom before we retired to our bedroom.

 This year, we were going to a story book themed party, although as more erotic variations of the characters. I was clueless as to my character: Devon said he would surprise me, and surprise me he did! I'm off most Fridays and was off the Friday of the party. I was still in the dark: I didn't even know who was throwing the party!

I woke the morning of the party and found a couple of packages on the chair in our room. 

A note attached read, "Tonight, you will be Red Riding Hood, and I will be the Wolf. Please follow all the enclosed instructions. A limo will come for you at 7. I will meet you at the party."

The first package had the skimpiest Red Riding Hood costume I'd ever seen. The white peasant blouse was cut extremely low and was very sheer and laced up the front. The bodice would support my breasts and eliminate the need for a bra. The tiny black skirt barely covered my bottom. Any false move would expose the tiny bikini panties I'd be wearing. Again, I'd be wearing white stockings that came high on my thighs. I'd also be wearing black shoes suitable for the outdoors. The red cloak and hood would cover my outfit almost to the ground. I also had a simple black mask to wear.

The second package had my basket. Inside were nipple and navel pendants that had a wolf's head on them. Also, included was a long, white lace ribbon. A note instructed me to wear the jewelry and to lace my pussy closed, with a nice bow at the top. I also found a Princess Plug with a red jewel for my asshole.

(I'd had my nipples, navel, and vaginal lips pierced when I played Cleopatra. My costume consisted of mostly of small chains connecting my piercings just barely visible under my silks. I had four rings on each side of my vaginal opening.)

I spent the afternoon preparing for the night to come. I removed all the hair around my vagina and was bald and smooth. I was so smooth I had to play with myself a while. I was ready to go a little after six.

At 6:30, Devon sent a text. "Please send me some photos."

I sent several photos, including one of my dress up and panties down so he could see the lacing.

"Play with yourself," he responded.

I ran my fingers over the lacing for a few minutes and sent the video.

"Be careful," he replied. "Remember, the wolf wants to eat you."

I hoped very much that he would eat me tonight.

"Your limo should be there, now. Your driver is Karl."

I heard a knock at the door and saw the driver wearing professional livery and a very realistic wolf's mask at the door. He nodded his head as I asked, "Karl?"

I felt slightly frightened under Karl's appraising look. He nodded again and escorted me to the back seat, holding the door for me. I was embarrassed slightly knowing he'd caught a glimpse of my panties as I sat.

I couldn't fathom my trepidation: I'm usually the exhibitionist, exposing myself to the crowd. But this time was different: I was alone with a stranger I couldn't identify, provocatively dressed, and in the dark! I was aroused at my helplessness, but also afraid! Would I be taken somewhere other than the party? Would I be raped? I was completely at this stranger's mercy!

"Where are we going?" 

No response.

"How long till we get there?"

Again, nothing.

"Why won't you speak to me?" 

A low, ominous growl cautioned me to silence.

We drove the next hour in silence. My driver turned onto a tree covered lane and drove until we reached a huge estate. Two gatekeepers, also wearing wolf masks, opened the huge wrought iron gate and closed it behind us. We drove up a long winding gravel drive and pulled up to the door of an old Victorian mansion. I'd never been here before!

A butler in Victorian attire greeted me and escorted me to the main room, indicating where the food and drinks were. I looked around the room and saw several more butlers. I also saw several maids in extremely revealing French Maids outfits serving the guests.

"Dinner will be after Midnight" he commented.

After accepting a glass of wine, I looked over the other guests. I saw a sexy Bo Peep holding a leash to a woman wearing a collar and a very realistic sheep mask. She had wool placed strategically. Across the way stood a woman in a very short dress similar to a young girl's and wearing a wolf's mask: she was talking to three overweight men who could only be the three pigs.

I saw Hansel and Gretel, Goldilocks, and a woman dressed as Puss in Boots. I also saw another Red Riding Hood: a small auburn haired girl wearing a fox mask! One person was dressed like the wolf in a granny's nightgown and bonnet! But I hadn't found Devon, yet!

I saw several men wearing wolf's masks. All the masks were identical. They even wore the same Edwardian suits, all of them possibly the same height as my husband! The black eyes in the masks made it impossible to find Devon by his eyes. And none of the wolves talked, so I couldn't tell be listening!

My fear was growing! What if I picked the wrong guy? Would Devon say something? Would he let me go off with a total stranger?

Most stood together, in groups of two or three, staring at me, devouring me with their looks, while one stood off by himself. That had to be Devon! That is how he stood when I first met him! The wolf raised his glass in a small salute as I strode purposely towards him.

Still, he remained silent. He only stared at me, drinking me in, sizing me up for dinner! I was no longer sure I'd found my husband.

A small orchestra started a waltz. The way the wolf danced made me confident again, but one of the other wolves cut in and danced similarly. Then a third cut in, and then another, and another! I no longer could recognize the first wolf: I couldn't even be sure the last wolf I danced with was the first one!

My heart raced as my fear grew! I wanted to leave, but I felt I wouldn't be allowed! What kind of game was Devon playing? Was I being offered to whoever wanted me? And if not, would I be punished if I chose the wrong wolf?

I excused myself and grabbed a glass of wine, and then another, and another as I tried to sort out this enigma. As the drink took effect, I began to be more aroused! I wanted a wolf to take me. Any wolf! I realized my panties were wet. Could these wolves smell my fear? Or my desire? 

No, I reminded myself. These are really men in disguise, but the way they tilted their heads as they watched me gave me pause: they were hunting me!

I quickly left the room and ran down a hall; right into the arms of one of the wolves! I wanted to scream, but he put a hand to my mouth and shushed me. He looked quickly down the hall, then opened a door a pulled me into a bedroom, locking the door behind me.

I was shivering in fear and the wolf put a finger to his lips, quieting me again. When I relaxed, he pushed me back against the door and placed a hand over my mouth.

"Be still!" he whispered. "I won't hurt you!"

I thought this might be Devon, but I didn't recognize the voice through the mask.

But the fear returned when he pulled a knife and flicked it open. He sliced through the front lacings of my blouse and then the shoulder straps and pulled the ruined garment from my body. He ran the knife tip lightly across my nipples: my body betrayed me as my nipples hardened. The dampness in my crotch returned!

He tilted his head and sniffed deeply, as if he was savoring my scent.

The knife travelled slowly down my body to my panties. Two quick flicks and my panties were gone! He managed to untie the bow that held my pussy closed and used the knife tip to slowly unlace me. Then he returned the knife to his coat.

With his hand now free, he began massaging my clit and pussy. I moaned against the hand pressing against my mouth, begging him to stop, to no avail. I was aroused by my fear and helplessness and began coming. He kept massaging and fingering me until I had two more powerful orgasms! He released me and I fell to my knees.

The wolf pulled his cock from his pants and stuck it in my face. It appeared to be Devon's, or, at least the right size, but I was too confused to be sure. I sucked him hungrily till he filled my mouth and forced me to swallow it all.

He pulled a long leather strap from his pocket and bound my hands together with a couple of feet left like a leash to lead me. He pulled me roughly to my feet and led me back to the main room. Many of the guests were absent: I had no idea how long we'd been away.

Most of the maids now had their breasts exposed and were without panties: some looked to have been thoroughly fucked. The few wolves left in the main room appeared to be eyeing me hungrily.

A clock chimed midnight, the traditional time to unmask, but no one did! I was hungry and wondered when we would eat.....and where, since I saw no tables or food other than snacks in the room.

I must have wondered aloud: my captor replied, "Elsewhere."

I finally recognized that my husband was my captor. He began dragging me done another hallway. We stopped at a room with a partially open door: the female wolf was blowing the three pigs' cocks. In another, the woman dressed as a sheep had her face buried between Bo Peep's thighs

.

My wolf pulled me further down the hall to a huge locked door. He opened it and dragged me down stairs to a basement. There were five doors at the bottom. Several torches were lit, as if we were back in fairy tale times. 

He led me into a large room and removed my cloak. Inside were more lamps. A huge fireplace was off to one side, a fire burning. Almost all the wolves were in the room, most of them naked. 

"If you are wondering about the menu, it is you, my dear," he said menacingly. "We are her to eat YOU!"

The wolf dressed as the grandma in the story was sitting in a huge chair, the nightgown pulled up and exposing a nice sized cock, which he was stroking. 

He pointed to his cock and motioned me over. One wolf shoved me roughly towards him. I heard laughter and wolf howls as I knelt and sucked this cock.

After I finished with him, I saw the other Red Riding hood lying on a thick rug by the fire. She'd removed her fox mask and exchanged it for a basic black mask. She lay back, legs spread wide, and fingered herself. She soon pointed at her pussy and motioned me over.

I crawled over and put my face between her legs. I'd never tasted another pussy before and wasn't sure I wanted to, but I felt I wouldn't be given a choice. She was pungent: I wondered if I tasted that way to Devon!

She let me lick her awhile, then had me lay on my back. She straddled my face then leaned down to eat me while I ate her. I was soon totally into what I was doing and forgot about the watching wolves. We both had several orgasms before we were through.

The wolves then tied me spread-eagled to rings anchored in the floor. They were amused by my thrashing about trying to free myself. I wondered how many of them were going to fuck me now. I wondered why Devon would let them!

One of them blindfolded me. My fear rose as I wondered if I were to be tortured before I was raped! I felt a mouth on mine kissing me deeply. I then felt a mouth on each breast sucking my nipples. One mouth kissed and licked my navel, tickling me. I felt two mouths exploring my inner thighs and joining together to lick my clit and pussy at the same time.

I thrashed about as wave after wave of orgasms racked my body. I'd no sooner began to come down from my high when another mouth began pleasuring me. Each mouth had a different technique, but all took their time savoring me. And all ate me to wonderful, powerful orgasms!

"I told you she would be delicious, didn't I, my brothers?" Devon asked.

Several muttered and howled their agreement.

"Feast on!" he shouted.

I was allowed to rest a few minutes and one of my tormentors fed me some cheese and some wine. I was untied long enough to allow me to stretch.

When I was forced back to the floor, I was then tied face down. I felt the mouths returning to kiss and nibble my back and legs. I felt several mouths on my round bottom, each one biting my cheeks hard enough to bring tears to my eyes. After they'd had their fill of tasting me, I was released and my mask removed.

All the wolves had their masks back in place: all were still naked and stroking their cocks.

"We're not yet done with you, my dear! We plan to sample ALL your pleasures tonight!" 

I looked over and saw the other Red, on all fours, feasting on Granny Wolf's cock while another wolf buried himself into her pussy....or, possibly, her ass.....I couldn't tell!

My husband led me over to a chair and sat on it, holding his cock up. I knelt and began sucking it. For the next hour or so I sucked him while the other wolves fucked me in one opening or the other. I lost track of the number of times my pussy and ass were used!

After the last wolf had pleaded exhaustion, my husband grabbed my hips tightly and roughly fucked my ass before he, too, was finished.

 It was nearly dawn when the guests began leaving. The wolves thanked Devon for sharing me with them, and me for being a good sport about the whole thing! We thanked our hostess, one of the obviously well-fucked French Maids, for the wonderful evening.

I only had my cloak to wear for the drive home: the same wolf that originally drove me, minus his mask, drove us home. Devon kept stroking the inside of my thigh the entire drive and I was beginning to become aroused again. 
