 "The shiny silver coin tumbled end over end as it rose up in the air. Both girls eyed it trying to use sheer will to influence its landing. Only one would be victorious in that venture and Regina was certain it would be her."

The Hardcase slid off his saddle throwing one leg over the horse in a fluid motion. Without dropping the reins he loosely threw them over the hitching post in front of his favorite haunt. He looked up at the sign elegantly chiseled from the planks, painted in the brightest red available in the area. 

"The Promenade" he read silently. "So good to be home" he thought to himself.

He slowly stepped into the doorway noticing the classic vest-shaped swinging doors so often tacked over saloon entrances. 

"That's new." He said tossing his thumb over his shoulder as he made his way toward the finely dressed thin man behind the bar.

"It is Mr. McRae." Keeng replied proudly as he reached for a clean shot glass to set on the countertop. 

"Keeng, we've known each other for ten years. Why do you insist on calling me 'Mr. McRae'?"

"You know, I am not really sure." Keeng lied with a chuckle and his best poker face.

Keeng knew exactly why he called the Hardcase Mr. McRae. The local Sheriff in town was more interested in extorting crumbs from the wealthy silver claims than doing his job. The arrogant sheriff had never appointed a deputy, most likely to prevent competition, and so there was little semblance of law in the town. Hamilton, a retired Texas Ranger was more like the law in the small burgh than the Sheriff could ever hope to be. The Hardcase was good to the townspeople, good to his girls and one of Keeng's best friends. Mr. McRae will always be his name because anything less would cheapen the honor he had earned in Keeng's mind.

Regina came out from the back room and tried to hide her excitement when she saw her favorite customer at the bar conversing with Keeng. She quickly straightened her skirts, pulled her corset down a bit more, pulling each tit just enough to show a dark pink crescent of areola. She slowly sauntered over to the bar, leaned against it on one arm and looked into Hamilton's eyes.

"Welcome back hannnsome, you reddy to blow mah head off?" Regina said making a point to eye Hamilton's crotch. "I bet you missed me aint ya?" She continued as she stroked his front bulge.

"Oh sweetie, he's been riding a horse for a week, I expect he's looking for a different animal to mount." Ruthie said as she finished descending the staircase.

Regina flashed the blonde a fiery look, her brow furrowed and her eyes launching tiny invisible daggers at the feisty whore.

"I know you aint meaning yo' scrawny azz mizz fancy twat." Regina fired at the smiling blonde.

"Well I could be wrong, but I expect he's tired of chewing on jerky after a week of eating it on the trail." Ruthie retorted with a satisfied smile.

"Bitch I will knock the goddamned taste out yo' mouth!" Regina threatened balling up both fists.

"That will be quite enough you two!" Keeng interrupted "Mr. McRae is man enough to make up his own mind." He reminded both women shifting his gaze back and forth between the two women.

"He's also standing right here." Hamilton added. "I have an idea..." He continued reaching into his vest pocket.

Hamilton withdrew a slightly worn silver dollar from his vest pocket, skillfully wove it back and forth between his fingers until he held it at eye level in this thumb and forefinger. 

"Let's let the lady decide." He said with a playful smile.

The Hardcase then cleverly launched the coin high toward the ceiling with a flip of his thumb and a faint metallic ringing sound. The shiny silver coin tumbled end over end as it rose up in the air. Both girls eyed it trying to use sheer will to influence its landing. Only one would be victorious in that venture and Regina was certain it would be her.

"Heads." Regina quickly claimed. "Because I am soooo deliciously good at it." She added glancing sideways at Ruthie Sutton.

"Well that is just perfect for me, tails it is since...well obviously" Ruthie said as she gave her perfectly formed ass a slight wiggle.

Hamilton snatched the coin out of the air with lightning speed and quickly slapped it down against the back of his left hand. Still covering it with his right, he slowly lifted his hand, playfully teasing each girl as he revealed the raised eagle.

"Tails it is." Ruthie Announced with a satisfied smirk aimed at Regina.

"C'mon sugar I will take good care of you." Ruthie said as she reached for Hamilton's hand.

Regina could feel the rage welling up in her. This was the second time she would sit out a roll with Hamilton because of that pompous cunt. She was lightheaded as she felt her pulse quicken and surprised herself as she reached for the blonde curly locks of Ruthie's head. 

"You stay off what's mine you golden haired cunt!" Regina growled as she yanked Ruthie backward by her hair.

Ruthie reached up and grabbed Regina's arm with both hands, digging her nails deep into the arm trying to make it release its grip on her hair. The arm and the angry owner did not relent. Regina was now swinging Ruthie back and forth by her hair, as onlookers stared in shock.

"Enough, enough!" Keeng shouted as he banged the butt of a whisky bottle against the counter top. "I'll not have my whores damaging each other like that dog kennel down the way from here. This is a place of grace and beauty, act like it!" Keeng continued to scold the two women.

"Know what Keeng? It's been a while, I am of a mind to take 'em both." Hamilton said matter of factly as he handed a pouch to Phelps. "I want the pouch back though, it was my sister's." He concluded pointing a finger at the thin man.

Regina stopped pulling Ruthie around, slowly let go of her hair and both girls looked at each other, then the Hardcase, puzzled looks on their faces.

"Good deal then, don't let them take to fightin' in there please Mr. McRae." Keeng pleaded.

"I think I can manage to keep them busy enough that shouldn't be a problem." The Hardcase reassured.

"Very well then, room twelve please, at your leisure sir." Phelps stated eloquently.

Hamilton took the two women each in hand and headed up the long staircase toward room twelve. He could smell the anger on both girls but could also feel their astonishment as his decision to take both. 

"This should be interesting" He thought to himself then silently said a prayer that he could indeed keep them both busy enough to stay occupied.

He ushered the two women into the room and gently closed the door behind him. The two girls stood glaring at each other. He stepped up placing himself between them, a hand on each of the their backs, gently caressing them.

"Now remember who you are, and where we are, and what we are here for." Hamilton said sternly. "You are both far too beautiful and valuable to be fighting." He added.

"I'm going to sit here on the bed and I want you to help each other get undressed." The hardcase instructed.

The two women looked at each other awkwardly. As they stared at each other it struck them that they had undressed each other before, when there was no man in the room. When the night was slow and the girls, tired of being filled up by men that were more unfamiliar with female genitalia than a bar of lye soap, the two had treated each other to the unspoken pleasures of women that knew the female body. Regina smiled first biting her lip playfully she reached up slowly and gently caressed Ruthie's face. Ruthie smiled and closed her eyes, leaning her head into the soothing hand. 

They began to slowly undress each other, now very aware that Hamilton was watching intently they slowed down, teasing both each other and their silent admirer. The two girls now faced each other completely naked, admiring each other's form they embraced. Their arms caressed each other's backs, slowly tracing up and down with the lightest touch from their fingertips. They locked eyes first, then their lips met, finally their tongues met each other circling and dancing a slow and sultry dance.

Hamilton felt his pants tighten. He was getting hard and sitting down on the bed he had little room for the sudden growth. He slowly stood up, his manhood filled the newly made space and he looked down at the growing bulge. Ruthie and Regina broke their embrace, smiling they eyed Hamilton's member trying to burst its way out of his pinstriped pants. The two women slowly moved over to the man now closely resembling a "T-intersection" as he stood erect vertically and horizontally. The girls, in unison skillfully unbuttoned his fly, he felt the sudden release from the confining cloth. His pants slid gently down his hairy legs. Regina reached up and ran a slow hand along the underside of the throbbing cock. Ruthie cupped his scrotum I her hands, lightly tickling the sack as it wrinkled in immediate response. She lightly traced the center seam of the hairy sack with her fingernail. Hamilton closed his eyes as he felt the contrasting sensations of the two girls. They gently sat him down on the bed, helped him lay back. Regina cupped her plump lips around the side of his erect cock. Ruthie clamped her lips around the opposite side. Each girl began to slowly slide their lips up and down the shaft, first in unison, then staggered in an alternating rhythm. Hamilton's legs quivered and he surprised himself as he let out a moan. Ruthie now wrapped her long tongue around the back side of his quivering pole, sliding the tongue up and down along the back of the head. Regina flicked her tongue along the front. Hamilton's vision began to blur as he focused on the two sensations. The two women skillfully brought him to the brink of climax, instinctively stopping long enough for him to de-escalate, then they brought him close again, and again.

Regina threw a leg over Hamilton straddling his face, her mouth never leaving his shaft. She gently settled down on his face. His moustache and beard soft against her folds. She felt his tongue slide through her outer lips, then it blindly slithered its way through her inner lips, sinking into to her wet hole. It found the ridges inside and slowly licked them. She felt herself clamp around the tongue.

Ruthie gently moved Regina's head up toward her lips kissing her passionately she climbed up the bed and slowly lowered herself onto Hamilton's swollen cock. She slid up and down slowly, never breaking the kiss with Regina who was now moaning uncontrollably. Ruthie focused on the combined sounds of Regina and Hamilton, added to it the sensation of her cunt stretching around Hamilton's member. She began to slide up and down on the steely pole faster and faster. She could hear herself screaming as she came, now slamming herself down on the cock harder and harder. Regina, still panting and climaxing reached out cupping Ruthie's breasts in her hands. She thumbed the erect nipples. Ruthie took Regina's in her hands, pinching her nipples rapidly. The two women came repeatedly trading orgasms back and forth. Taking turns moaning and squealing.

Hamilton felt the itchy waves along the head of his shaft. He felt himself stiffen against the fluttering hole. He was getting close and he was pretty sure he was going to fill Ruthie up any second. Ruthie smiled at Regina, silently nodded an indication that Hamilton was close. Both women resumed their original positions, Ruthie locking her wet lips around the back side of the shiny purple head; Regina's lips locked along the front. Both women then began to rock their heads back and forth rapidly, sending their tongues and lips up and down their respective stakes on the throbbing, twitching member. Hamilton was bucking wildly and grabbing fistfuls of bedding. In an instant the girls felt the warm spurts of the fountain landing on their faces. They took turns milking the pearly fluid out of the gaping hole in the end of the still quivering cock. The two girls gently cleaned the shaft with their tongues, long slow licks, stopping only occasionally to flick their tongues together.

"There see..." Hamilton panted "Much better than you two beating hell out of each other."

The two women looked at each other and giggled. 

"You were right, he did just like you said he would...you do know your best customer."

Hamilton had never been so happy to realize he had just been played.