 "We have a little surprise for you."

I read the message again as I waited for the damn elevator to reach the penthouse floor. I'd received it an hour ago, but my meeting had run late and I knew I'd kept them waiting. My wife, and my best friend who'd become our live-in boyfriend over a year ago had traveled with me to Chicago, both of them taking time off of their own jobs to support me emotionally through the merger that had been keeping me awake at night for months. I didn't have much time for them during the day when my life was filled with board rooms, fake smiles, and schmoozing, but they certainly had helped me relax in the evenings. 

Relax in a major way.

When I got the text of course, I knew what it meant. The three of us had been together long enough that often times there was no sex at night, only cuddling and conversations. But the pair of them had ramped up their libidos since coming here, keeping me thoroughly distracted, and exhausted, so I could sleep whole nights without worry and wake up rested. Their "surprises" had often meant plenty of fun for me, but usually they banked on me being on time. 

The minute I touched the key to the electronic lock and pushed the door open, I could hear her whimpering. Even the sounds of their heavy breathing filtered through the hallway toward me. I stepped over what looked to be one of her little black dresses discarded on the floor, and rounded the corner to the living room of our suite. 

She wore red lipstick, her mouth hanging open in a soft o shape, her blond bob falling away from her face as she leaned her head back at an impossible angle. The panties and bra she wore matched, black lace to set off the paleness of her skin, and she'd gone to the trouble of putting on old-fashioned stocking with the seam up the back, and a garter belt that held the stockings up to her mid-thigh. Her heels lay in a heap on the floor and she sat on his lap, draped across his athletic chest, her creamy white thighs spread as if he'd laid her out as a delicious treat for me. One of his hands was beneath her bra, pinching and rubbing her nipple which peeked out just above the lace, and his other was shoved into the front of her panties. I could see his fingers sliding up and down, and I imagined how wet her slit would be and how easily his fingers would move. 

I looked up at his face to find him watching me, that devilish smirk curled across his lips. "You're late," he muttered, and I heard her groan aloud as his fingers sank deep into her. From what I could see of him, he wore a pair of slacks and a black t-shirt. I knew there had to be a nice suit jacket discarded somewhere - she would have peeled that off of him first. I loosened my tie as I let my gaze trail down to the front of her underwear, watching the shapes of his hand move beneath the fabric. 

"I'm sorry," I said, my throat so tight that the words came out in a hoarse whisper. I found myself sliding out of my own suit coat, and peeling off the tie as I moved, gravitating toward the erotic scene. He didn't have to tell me what to do. I knelt, and pressed my face close to where his hand moved beneath the fabric. I was already getting hard and I couldn't help the little sound that left me as he slid his hand out of her underwear and held his fingers up to my lips. They were glistening and I looked up to see both of them watching me. 

I would not disappoint them.

I opened my mouth and sucked his two fingers between my lips, tasting both of them there. I heard him groan as my tongue swirled across his skin, greedily slurping. She somehow slid between us, easing down to straddle my lap and pressed herself against the front of my slacks. I groaned and she began to unbutton my shirt and peel it away from my shoulders. She was kissing my neck and jaw, and my hand slid along her back, reaching to unhook the bra and free her beautiful breasts. He slid his fingers away from my lips and she replaced them with her mouth, her kiss was feverish and as her hard nipples pressed against my chest, I heard her take a sharp breath in. 

She devoured my mouth and as we kissed I could hear rustling, feel movement just beyond us. He'd gotten up, and had undressed himself, and before I knew what was happening she drew her mouth back and his cock was there, right in front of us. He was achingly hard, and I looked up to meet his gaze as she wasted no time at all in taking him into her mouth. He groaned, barely audibly, and I lowered to suck at his balls. I felt his fingers in my hair, encouraging me onward, and I knew he'd have his other hand in her hair, too, enjoying both of us. 

I worked his balls and shaft until our lips met around him, our tongues tangling against his flesh, and he groaned, low and thick. I knew how much he loved us both to take him this way but she drew back and stood up to kiss him, leaving me alone to take care of our boy. I opened my mouth and let him slide against my tongue, feeling him thicken against the slick interior of my mouth. I could feel her slipping out of her panties, and my hand slid up the back of her thigh, instinct taking over, needing to touch them both. I felt him press against the back of my throat as I concentrated, focused my breathing, and my hand gripped her ass, giving it a good squeeze. My fingers slid between her cheeks and came across something hard and rubber. I pressed against it, my lust-addled brain trying to figure out what I was feeling, and I heard her groan in pleasure. 

I drew back and looked up at his face again, and he was smirking. "Is this my surprise?" I asked as I slid her cheeks apart and found the small rubber plug stretching her tight little asshole. "Yes," she whimpered, biting her lip for a moment as I twisted the thing and made her shiver. "And this," she added, taking my other hand and guiding it back around to a matching plug stretching out his asshole, too. 

"Oh, fuck," I hissed as my fingers felt both toys, stretching my lovers, preparing them for me. "You two have been naughty, haven't you?" I pressed on both plugs and was pleased to see matching reactions, as they reached for each other and moaned. "Turn around, both of you, and kneel, hands on the back of the couch." They moved as I had ordered them to, and for a moment, I watched in stunned fascination. He was tall and broad shoulders, with a runner's build that showed off lean muscles beneath sun-bronzed skin. She was petite, pale and had the cutest little butt I had ever witnessed on a woman. They were opposites, but they somehow both wanted me, and I loved them both so very dearly. 

"Naughty little pets, starting without me," I muttered, sliding a hand over both asses in front of me. I felt them both tense, because they both knew what was coming, and as I lifted both of my hands and brought them down, I reveled in the simultaneous sounds of flesh on flesh. He gasped, and she let out another whimper, as I spanked them again and again and again, leaving matching red marks on each ass cheek. 

I stepped back, admiring my handiwork as I undressed the rest of the way. I moved up against him, then, pressing my achingly hard cock against his plugged hole, as my hand slid between her thighs, two fingers sinking into her wetness. I pressed her plug with my thumb as I began to finger-fuck her, not even bothering to go slow. She groaned and writhed against my fingers as I whispered hotly into his ear the instructions I intended him to carry out. He had to swallow as he nodded, but as I moved back, he followed orders and sat down on the couch, putting his feet up on the coffee table with his knees bent so I could see the plug. Then I slid my fingers free of her and guided her to straddle him. I watched as he took himself in hand and guided himself inside of her, pressing down on her hips so she would sink down around him. 

"That's a good girl," he purred, as I watched her take him in with ease. I knew how very wet she was, and he was not small. She was trembling with want, but I put a hand on her shoulder to keep her still. The second I knew she understood me, my hand slid down her perfect back and caught the ring on the plug, slowly pulling it free. She bit her lip, and I saw her visibly shudder. I got down on my knees on the couch, also straddling his thighs, and guided myself into her, replacing the plug. 

"Oh, god," she gasped, gripping his shoulders as she felt me stretching her, both of us filling her at once. She was so absolutely tight, and I could feel him press against me through the thin wall that separated us. As I began to move, pistoning my hips against her firm little ass, I watched him take one of her nipples into his mouth. He stayed still as I fucked her, keeping himself buried like I'd told him to. One of my hands cupped her other breast, pinching and working the nipple as its mate slid against her clit, rubbing the little bundle of nerves between two of my fingers. 

The tiny noises that left her lips as she panted couldn't be called whimpers. She was in heaven, and could only manage tiny squeaks and noises of pleasure as I kissed her neck, bit at her shoulder, every nerve ending on fire. I watched as she slid her fingers into his hair, pulling, making him moan as he held on to her hips. I knew he could feel her getting tighter and tighter around his cock and it only took a few more deep thrusts before she was coming around him. She let out a little scream, and shuddered violently in my arms. 

"Stand up," I told her, without giving her hardly any time to enjoy herself, practically growling it against her ear. To her credit, she didn't protest. She got up on shaky legs, lifting herself off of both of us with only a little sound. I watched as he followed my instructions to the letter, cupping her ass and drawing her sex against his face. I knew how sensitive she would be after an orgasm, and as his tongue moved against her slit, catching her clit with the tip, she let out another whimpered cry. He used his hands to spread her cheeks so that I might see her stretched out hole, and he slid his fingers inside of it, teasing where my cock had just been. 

"Such a good boy," I purred, just as I'd commended her earlier. I moved, shifting down onto the floor, between his legs, moving on instinct as I watched her press her knee up on the back of the couch, straddling his face even deeper. His tongue curled deep into her folds as his fingers worked her asshole for all that it was worth. I pulled his plug free and wasted no time at all as I plunged my cock deep inside him. As I began to fuck him at an almost desperate pace, I wrapped my hand around his cock, still slick with her juices, and began to stroke him. He groaned, the sound muffled by the flesh against his lips. She was coming again, against his tongue, and I watched a line of her pleasure trickle down her thigh. 

"Come. Here," I managed to gasp, and she moved as quickly as she could. I watched her as she anticipated what I wanted, and she lay on her belly on the couch. I guided his cock into her mouth and let go, watching her lips replace my hand so deftly. "Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck," I heard him mutter as I pounded into him and the warmth of her mouth surrounded him. I slid my hand along her backside, grasping a handful of her ass as I finally shoved my cock inside him as deep as it would go and unloaded, growling out a throat-burning sound of pleasure. 

I was still tingling, reeling from my orgasm, as I slowly slid out of him, watching a trickle of my cum ooze from his tight little hole. He was shaking as she bobbed her head up and down his length, his breath coming in ragged gasps. "Such a good boy," I repeated as I slid my hand against his thigh, and the endearment seemed to send him over the edge. I slid my fingers against her chin and guided her away from him as he came, watching his cock spurt thick globs of cum against his belly, a little splattering her lips. 

I kissed her, licking her lower lip clean before I turned my attention to his stomach. I kissed and licked until all of the mess was gone, then I collapsed against him, nuzzling his chest. I felt her snuggle in beside me and his hand eased back into my hair. "Christ," I muttered, breathless, spent and wholly and utterly relaxed. "You two are going to be the death of me." 

"Yes," she agreed, grinning against my shoulder. "But what an amazing way to go."