 It was finally Friday and time to go home after a pretty exciting but busy week at work. I just closed a big deal and I was looking forward to celebrating with a cold beer, a nice steak and a long soak in the Jacuzzi. I was also looking forward to the surprise that my wife, Tabby hinted at in a text earlier in the afternoon. She made it cryptic enough for me to think that she had something sexy planned for the evening but then again, after 10 years of marriage, I knew enough not to get my hopes up because it could also mean that she was making my favorite desert or something equally non-sexy.

Our love-life, and by love-life I mean sex-life, was regular enough but it had become a little mundane and we had slipped into the regular thing, on the regular night routine. We both felt it and had talked about ways to "spice things up" but we only recently got into discussing some of our fantasies. I know I am a bit timid in sharing some of my kinkier thoughts with her and I had the feeling that she was feeling the same. After 10 years you would think we could talk about that kind of thing openly but we were just at the point where we were taking baby steps.

When I first met my wife, I was at a bar when I spotted this gorgeous woman with the most beautiful eyes I had ever seen, surrounded by 5 Naval officers, future naval aviators, with at least 5 Kamikaze shots lined up on the bar behind her. She was wearing a green wrap-around dress that was short enough to show off a good amount of her very long legs and was gaping open enough on top to show a significant amount of her ample cleavage with more than just a hint of her bra. I'm not sure how many shots she had already taken but I could tell that she was feeling no pain and she was teasing these boys unmercifully. Of course they were egging her on to drink more with the hopes of her showing or doing more.

I happened to be the officer in charge of this group of hounds and decided to stand back and watch them work. I noticed one of the boys lean up and whisper something in her ear and she pointed a finger at him and I clearly heard her say "You are a bad boy!" and then reach down and pull the hem of her dress up her left thigh exposing the top of her cream colored stocking and about an inch of creamy white thigh. She held a finger up to her lips to shush the boys when they started to whistle before bursting out in laughter. With that, she downed another shot and wiped a drop from the side of her soft pink lips.

At that point I decided it might be time to intervene and save this damsel who didn't seem to be in any sort of distress other than maybe a flourishing desire to show a little too much to these young men dedicated to defending our country. 

Having been highly focused on their target of opportunity, none of the men had seen me enter the bar or watch them from the short distance away. But, when I walked up and stood next to them, two of them almost hurt themselves, nearly drawing to attention while the other three looked up, eyes wide like they had just been caught with their hands in the cookie jar. The not-in-distress damsel looked up and right into my eyes and smiled the prettiest smile I had ever seen.

Eying the pack of dogs surrounding her, I asked the lady if these young men were giving her any trouble. Without skipping a beat, she pointed at three of them and said, "These three seem very interested in seeing my boobs and those two are very curious about what color my panties are." Gritting my teeth and visibly showing signs that I was agitated I looked at the group and then back to the young lady. I told her that I was very sorry for their behavior but, I could certainly understand why they would want to see her breasts since they appeared to be large, full and pretty awesome and, my guess was that her panties were most likely cream colored to match her bra and stockings, if indeed she was wearing any panties at all.

It took a moment for the guys to register what I had just said before they burst into laughter right along with the young lady who then took two of the shots, handed me one and toasted me with the other before draining it in one swallow. With that, she excused herself to go to the lady's room but turned to the group and said "Don't go anywhere, I'll be right back." She wiggled her ass a bit just to make sure we were watching as she sashayed off.

She was gone just a few minutes before she returned and rejoined our little group. One of the guys tried to hand her another drink but she refused saying "You boys just want me drunk, not unconscious right?" to which we all agreed. That was when she made a show of removing something from her purse and leaned toward me. She turned her head toward two of the guys as she held out her hand toward me and with a look of disappointment she said "Pink and purple were your guesses? A real man knows that when a lady is looking to get lucky she always wears matching bra and panties." And with that, she let her tiny little cream colored lace thong unravel from her clenched fingers, reached inside my jacket, and stuffed it into my inside breast pocket.

She reached up and kissed my cheek and then whispered in my ear, "How did you know what color my bra was Lieutenant?". 

I leaned down, kissed her neck and whispered, "I have x-ray vison." She laughed again, snorted actually, and then turned to the three that had been trying to get her to show her boobs and then at me saying that she thinks "The good Lieutenant here", pointing at me, "has also been checking out my boobs." I unashamedly admitted that I had - "Since the moment I saw you." Again, everyone laughed.

We all talked and drank and laughed and flirted for another hour before the bar tender called last call. The night had gone by quickly and nobody in our group was ready to leave. Finally, one of the guys that had the most to drink started to plead with her to at least let them see one boob before they had to leave. She stuck out her bottom lip and said "OK, but you have to wait a minute. With that, she reached inside her dress and pushed the strap of her bra off her should and down her arm and then pulled her arm through. She repeated the process on the other side before reaching behind her back on the outside of her dress and unsnapped her bra with practiced precision. She reached inside her dress and pulled out her very sexy cream colored lace bra and handed it to me.

She made sure she was facing away from the bar and asked me to stand behind her. She was completely surrounded by her little group when she kissed her fingertips and then brushed her hand across the faces of all 5 guys and then said to me, "Don't worry, you are going to get to see a lot more of me later." With that she reached down, undid the belt that held her wrap dress in place and pulled open her dress completely exposing her to the 5 guys who just stood there with their mouths open.

Looking down from behind her, I could see her firm, full tits with her pink nipples standing at attention. I couldn't see much below that because her tits almost totally blocked the view but I could see one leg that was bent forward that showed she was wearing thigh high stockings with no garter belt so I had to assume that what the rest of the guys were seeing was her totally naked. I'm sure this was the first time all night that these guys were totally speechless. 

She took her time and made sure each of them got a good look before she closed up her dress and re-tied her belt. The entire time her dress was open she was pushing her ass against my crotch where I was sure she could feel that I had a raging hard-on. She then leaned into each, gave them a hug and a kiss on the cheek before telling them to go home because she needed to take care of the Lieutenant. From there it was a blur until we were married 8 months later.

The next few years were kind of wild and fun but now, 10 years later, that wild and crazy exhibitionist that I fell in love with rarely appeared, and work, and kids, and life, drained much of the spontaneity from our marriage. I think we both let it slip by though because I was still madly in love with her and felt secure that she still loved me. Now on Friday night with our kids at their grandparent's for 2 weeks, I planned to spend as much time as possible with my beautiful wife and do whatever I could to bring a little spice back into our marriage. I had no idea how quickly that would happen.

I left work a little early as did about 50,000 other people so my commute home was slow and painful but as I pulled into my garage, I could already feel myself begin to relax. Walking into the house everything seemed quiet. As I approached the kitchen, I could hear music coming from the back yard and following the sound, I found my wife and the surprise.

OK, it wasn't what I was hoping for but it was still a good surprise. Two of my best friends from high-school were in town visiting and they had stopped by at my wife's invitation. They had evidently called the house earlier in the week and talked to my wife. She knew that I would be excited and surprised me by inviting them over for burgers and beer.

Nate and Sam played football in high school with me and we were best pals. When all three of us had taken off to different universities and then me to the Navy, we lost touch for a few years. About 5 years ago, right after I got out of the Navy, Sam had called and set up a reunion. It had been almost 9 years since I had seen them but it only took about 30 minutes before it seemed just like old times. We spent a few days golfing, drinking and playing cards. Sam was still single and planned on staying that way and Nate had gone through a rough divorce about a year after our reunion but we all stayed in touch and had a great time on the occasions when we did get together.

This was an unplanned trip though, and evidently they ran into each other at a bar in our hometown and decided to make the 3-hour trip to see me. Tabby was all smiles having kept her secret and she knew that I would be excited to see them. She seemed radiant, wearing a pair of white short shorts and a halter top that was cut low on the top and had two ends that tied loosely at the bottom. Even after ten years of marriage and two kids, she still looked great. At 5' 8" tall with shoulder length brown hair, long, muscular legs and her 36 DD full and firm boobs, she was a major MILF.

The guys seemed to be holding up well too. Both seemed to be in shape although none of us were quite as thin as we were in high school. Nate seemed unusually tanned for an IT guy and Sam's skin was always a deep tanned color from working outside as a construction manager. They both had beers in their hands and as happy as they were to be seeing me, I caught them both checking out my wife's ass when she came over and hugged me. I have seen her wear those shorts before and knew they were probably seeing a good amount of nice firm ass cheek when she stretched up for the hug.

I started to catch up with the beers while Tabby had at least 3 big glasses of chardonnay over the next hour. We cooked burgers, talked and drank until after 9:00 when I suggested we all hop in the Jacuzzi. Sam looked at Nate and asked if he had his bathing suit with him and he shook his head no. I suggested they could each borrow one of mine or just hop in wearing their boxers. They both looked at Tabby and Nate asked if she was okay with that and she laughed and said that of course they could. She also added that she had seen men in their underwear before and if their drawers looked anything like the rags that I wear, it wasn't going to be anything to get excited about. We all laughed at that.

Tabby said she was going to go get her bathing suit on and I suggested she wear the white one that she bought for our trip to the Cayman Islands. That particular bikini was white and barely covered her big boobs and the bottom was cut really low in the front and although it wasn't a thong, I recalled that it tended to cover less than half her cute little ass cheeks, and on a number of occasions rode up into the crack of her ass almost making it a thong. She seemed to think about it for a second and then with a sly smile, said "Okay, I'll wear that one if it's your favorite." I assured her it was and she nearly skipped into the house to change.

She seemed to be gone quite a while and the guys and I drank another beer while waiting for her. When she finally came out, she explained that she had forgotten how small her bikini was and she needed to make sure that everything was cleaned up before she could wear it. I knew that she was completely shaved down there so she must have been making sure there was no stubble anywhere. She noticed as she walked toward us that we were all on empty with our beers and she quickly turned and went over to the cooler. 

Just like I remembered, her bikini bottom only covered about half her cheeks and when she bent down to get the beers out of the cooler, I saw her suit slide further into the luscious crack of her ass showing even more. I'm sure I wasn't the only one that noticed.

Pouring herself another large glass of wine, she carefully carried the four beers and her wine back to the Jacuzzi. When she bent down to hand us the beer, I thought her boobs were going to fall right out of the tiny bikini top. The string that tied around her neck had to be pretty damn strong to hold those big tits in those tiny little triangles. 

As she slid in next to me, we all just relaxed and enjoyed talking. The water temperature was set at 102 degrees and we all pushed ourselves out of the water occasionally, just above the waist or sometimes sitting on the side to cool down once in a while. When Tabby sat up and began to push herself out of the water to cool down, I remembered the other thing I liked about that bikini. When it got wet is was virtually transparent. When dry, you could almost see the outline of her nipples but when it got wet, it was completely see-through. I could see it from the side but the guys sitting across from us were getting a full view of my wife's big tits and dark pink nipples. I also noticed they were hard as little pebbles and standing at attention. It could have been the cool night air or it could have been that she knew exactly what she was doing and liked it.

Ever since that first night when I met her, Tabby's exhibitionist actions have always excited me and most always result in great sex afterward. She is a beautiful and sexy woman and I like showing her off and she likes to show off. 

I remember one time when we were snorkeling in Jamaica she nearly gave an older man a heart attack. Almost as soon as Tabby jumped into the water, she took her top off. She loves to swim naked and as she headed away from the boat no one really noticed. On the way back to the boat it was a different story. Tabby was swimming back toward the boat and I was right behind her. One of the older men on the snorkeling trip had stayed pretty close to the boat and while he was floating, looking toward the bottom, Tabby swam past him, within an arms-length, and it startled him. When he looked up, he saw her huge, naked boobs swim right past his face.

I know Tabby didn't see the look on his face but since I was behind her, I could see his eyes get huge and then as he sunk below the water, attempt to take a breath and get a snorkel full of water, causing him to come up to the surface sputtering and coughing.

Tabby put her top back on before getting back onto the boat but it didn't deter the older gentleman from taking a seat where he had a good view of my wife for the trip back. He even tried to chat her up as we were making our way back to the resort.

I noticed that Sam and Nate were both paying close attention to Tabby as she talked about something that I had lost track of since I was staring at her boobs and daydreaming about other things that happened on that Jamaica trip. I also noticed that Sam had nervously slid back into the water after only a minute and wondered if it had anything to do with the growing bulge in his wet boxers.

Well into her 2nd bottle of Chardonnay, Tabby was feeling no pain and sitting in the warm Jacuzzi was probably making her feel the effects of the alcohol even more. She was regularly getting in and out of the water and sitting on the side. This last time, her top had slipped down when she got out of the water and her right nipple had popped out without her noticing. At least I didn't think she noticed and I didn't say anything.

The guys noticed though and they didn't say anything either. I think that since I was sitting next to her and it was the nipple on the opposite side from me that was showing, they probably weren't sure if I could see it or not.

The more alcohol Tabby has, the more animated she gets and she starts talking with her hands. As she told some story about one of her girlfriend's business trips and was moving her arms around wildly, I saw her top slip lower until almost her entire boob was exposed. At this point, it would have been hard for me not to see and when I saw Nate look over at me, eyes wide and then directed his gaze toward Tabby and then back to me, I just shrugged and shook my head.

Tabby has the most incredible tits I have ever seen. They are full and firm and although gravity would not allow her to pass the pencil test, her tits do a magnificent job of supporting themselves and they are a sight to behold. If you are a boob-man, they are what you dream of and her nipples are spectacular. Normally her areolas are nearly silver-dollar size and her nipples stick out about 1/2 of an inch but when she gets excited or cold, her areolas shrink up to the size of a quarter and her nipples stick out over 3/4 of an inch and can make a hell of a dent in even the heaviest of bras.

Tonight, getting out of the hot water has her nipples hard as steel and standing up proud. Finally, Tabby noticed they guys staring and she looked down to see that she was giving us all quite a show. I expected her to pull up her top quickly to cover herself but was surprised when she said, "Aw fuck, I can't keep these tits under control anymore," and she reached behind her and untied the back and then pulled her top up over her head leaving both of her amazing tits bare.

I think we were all a little stunned. First, for Tabby to say the words fuck and tits is very rare. She very rarely ever says fuck and she always calls them boobs. Second, for her to just take her top off was not completely out of character for her but to do it in front of my high-school friends was surprising. She typically has no issues with getting naked in front of total strangers that she will never see again but she is normally pretty reluctant to do it in front of people she knows and that she will have to see later when she isn't drunk.

None of us were complaining though and I realized that my bathing suit was significantly tighter from the hard-on I was getting. Knowing that she was showing my buddies her tits was pretty exciting. Maybe it was a bit of pride but I also was feeling like maybe this was a little bit of the spice that we were missing. One of the fantasies that I have been reluctant to tell Tabby about is seeing her have sex with another man. Specifically, I have a recurring fantasy of watching her suck another guy's cock while I am fucking her from behind and occasionally the other way around where she is sucking my cock while someone else is fucking her from behind.

I don't know how I would feel about that if it really happened but that was certainly in my thoughts as my two buddies stared at my wife's tits. I know, as Americans we are pretty prudish about topless women and even though Tabby and I, and I know that Nate and Sam too, have been to Europe and topless beaches in different countries, it is just different when we're at home. It was certainly different for me and pretty damn exciting.
