 I sat in my car, in normal annoying traffic. I had a stressful day and the stationary cars in front of me didn't make the day any better. My wife was going to be out of town for a few days for work, so I worked a little longer than normal. Once I left and made it to a main road I realized why I had subconsciously not left work after 4 PM. I contemplated just pulling into a parking lot to have a cigarette and try to relax a bit. I then realized that that action would probably just compound the problem, letting traffic build up while I attempted to settle down. After 20 minutes of sitting almost completely still I decided to break my wife's rules and lit a cigarette. I rolled down all the windows and tried my best not to fill the car with smoke. It was a hot and sticky day outside and I lamented at the fact my air conditioner only worked well if I was moving. I leaned my head out the window and tried to cool off, like the dog that was about five cars in front of me. To no avail I sat in my car and sweated profusely. 

After what seemed like hours I finally made it to the main street, heading closer and closer to my house. I checked the clock, it was a little after 5 PM. I glanced down Poplar Street and had a eureka moment. It was Thursday afternoon and the yoga studio my wife and I had sporadically attending was within a few hundred yards. I then realized I wasn't exactly dressed for a yoga class. I turned down Poplar and parked in the parking lot; I dug through the backseat and found a hoodie and a pair of basketball shorts. I figured it was close enough and I took off my over shirt, and looked around before undo my belt and sliding down my work pants. I quickly replaced my pants with the shorts and tied the waistband tightly. I got out of the car and vaguely checked myself against the reflection on my driver side door. "Wow I kind of look like a homeless guy," I joked internally, making me snicker a little. I opened the back hatch and pulled out my yoga mat. As I walked towards the door it occurred to me that it's been a long while since I actually practiced yoga. "This is either going to be really relaxing, or cause more problems relating to stress," I thought. 

As weird as it seems, I am actually a little self conscious about my yoga, and exercise in general. I sometimes feel that people judge how well I do. Maybe that makes me a little odd but it seems to invade my thoughts more often than I'd like to admit. I opened the door to the studio and promptly removed my shoes and socks; I unzipped my hoodie and put it on the hanger with my keys. "This is going to be good for me," I tried to convince myself as I walked into the class. 

Nicky, the instructor, was seated facing away from me as I entered and was talking to the other two students in the class. Christine was one of the students, a short brunette with a very curvy frame and slightly longer than shoulder length hair. The other girl was unfamiliar to me; she was blonde and a little taller than Christine, and very gifted in the bosom department. They were both dressed in more appropriate clothes than I. Christine was in yoga pants and an athletic top, basically a sports bra with a little more fabric. Her friend was wearing yoga capri pants and a t-shirt that was short enough to expose her waistband of her pants. I pondered that maybe her huge breast had a little to do with her shirts shortcomings. Nicky was dressed in her usual black yoga pants, and black tight shirt. It was reminiscent of a scuba suit, and clung very much to her tiny, thin frame. It was very flattering especially from my perspective. The way she was sitting made her butt cheeks spread out perfectly at the bottom of her spine. 

Nicky immediately became aware of my presence and turned and welcomed me. 

"Hey Derek," she said as she bounded towards me like an excited puppy when you come home from work, "long time, no see." She said with a mixture of happiness and concern. 

"Hey," I said bluntly, trying not to stare too long at her body as it shook in all the right places as she neared me. 

"Where's Erica?" She asked in a more dulcet tone. 

"Away on work..." I said, "...again." 

A brief wave of relief swept over her face, "Oh, well we are glad to see you again."

I recognized then that it had been a while since we both had attended class. I felt a short explanation was appropriate, "We have both been very busy." I ended my thought there, assuming that was a good enough response to the unasked question. 

"Hey you," Christine said as I passed her. I responded back and smiled politely at her then turned and did the same to her friend. 

The classroom was small and only allowed the mats to be arranged in roughly 3 rows only about 3 across. The three was cut to two across because the class had been working on twists, which took up more floor space than other practices. I spread out my mat behind Christine and joined the rest of the class in Sukhasana pose. (Basically we were sitting Indian style with your hands on your knees). Nicky continued what she had been saying before my arrival, something about the charities the studio supported with our money. She looked up at the clock and said, "We will start in about five minutes," she got up and walked between Christine and her friend, then behind me and set up the cd player. Christine turned and looked at me and said, "This is Denise, she goes to school with me." Denise and I exchanged the proper greetings, and I asked Christine how things were going. 

She sighed slightly frustrated, "Oh, very stressful," she smiled at me, "How about you?"

"A lot of the same, I'm afraid," I replied with a small tone of humor to my voice. "That's why I'm here." I ended.

"Denise is studying to be a physical therapist," Nicky said as she walked past me and made her way to the front of the classroom. "Christine suggested she attend," Nicky said with a nod to Christine, "she has never practiced before so today's class might be different than normal." 

She looked at me and I nodded in approval. "What do I care?" I thought, "Maybe she won't notice how bad I am at this." I thought to myself, referring to both Nicky and Denise. 

Nicky checked the clock again, "Well I guess we are it," she said, "let's get started by lying on our backs." She looked at Denise and hinted that this class was follow by example, as Nicky got herself into the pose. Denise followed and lay on her back with her legs apart and feet on the floor. Nicky got up and walked over to Denise and whispered, "I'm a hands-on adjuster, is that okay?" Denise nodded and Nicky moved her legs into the proper place and continued the class. 

"Since we have a new guest," Nicky said as she made her way back to her mat, "this will be a very slow class." 

"That's fine," Christine and I almost simultaneously responded. Nicky clapped with joy before getting back into our first pose. "Now slowly let your legs fall to either side into Supta Baddha Konasana." We all followed her lead and my legs slowly spread, and my hips popped making me grunt a little. "Is everyone okay?" Nicky asked the class, but it was obviously directed at me. I responded with a hand held high with thumbs up. 

After doing a few hip twists we made it to our hands and knees. Despite my best efforts I kept glancing from side to side, all that was in front of me were two round bottoms staring back at me. Nicky noticed I was looking and spun around exposing her butt to me as well, as she instructed the class on how to do Cats and Cows. Cats were where you roll your back up, like a stereotypical Halloween cat. Cows were where you would drop your stomach and push out your butt. As the women in front of me did this I intentionally offset my rhythm to where I was in cat while the others were in cow. I did this almost every class, when all the students in front of me would go into cow, I would get a great view. I know that this wasn't the purpose of yoga, but honestly it made me more relaxed. Partially from a perspective of a semi-sexual stance, but also from a stance that they looked as awkward as I did. Occasionally I would catch each girl, glancing at me through their legs, either accidentally or intentionally, I wasn't sure. 

"Okay, class," Nicky said, "on your last cat, move up into downward facing dog." After one set she moved into the pose. I being offset from the class was a beat behind everyone. This also gave me a good look of each woman bent over poking their ass in the air. I smiled as I moved into downward dog, then I glanced down at my legs to make sure they were properly aligned. To my surprise I had a half erection, which was very noticeable in the shorts I was wearing. "Was that what the other members of the class been looking at? Did anyone else notice this but me?" My mind raced with questions, and I started to get even more self conscious that I had already been. Before I could think another thought I felt Nicky's hands on my lower back, pressing down, like she always did. Her hands slid up and down my lower back and almost to my butt cheeks. Her thighs were pressed against the back of my legs, and for the first time I felt a sexual tone to her hands. 

She finished her adjustments and I coyly glanced up and saw her do the same to the other students. "Had she noticed my arousal?" I asked myself. 

"Now let's do some sun salutations." Nicky said she again positioned herself at the head of the class. For those of you who haven't done sun salutations they are relatively simple. You start in a standing position then lift your hands above your head then bend at the waist. Next you step back one of your legs into a lunge, then the other to a push up position. You press down, and then arch your back pushing your chest out and up. Then back to downward dog, then lunge, then bent at the waist and finally standing again. I realized as we went from standing to bent over at the waist, having an erection will make this series a bit difficult. So instead of alerting the class to my arousal, I chose to move into child's pose, instead of continuing the flow of poses. 

I had told Nicky when I started attending classes I had a shoulder injury that would flare up occasionally making some poses a little painful. I hoped she would assume this was the case, and continue on without me. In reality, I was in child's pose trying to will away my hardened member. Since our class had done a twist class before I knew that legs on the wall would be next, and having to rearrange our mats, I knew it would be very difficult to hide my arousal from the rest of the class. 

Thankfully Nicky did as I suspected and kept the rest of the class going without me. And once the remainder of the class did the series a couple of times more, she announced legs on the wall as I also suspected. Unfortunately child's pose did not remedy my problem. In fact, it worsened it. My original half-erection was now a full blown throbbing hard-on. As the rest of the class began to move their mats, I swallowed hard and got out of child's pose. I tried to hunker a little but realized quickly, it was futile. To my surprise, not a one person said or really reacted to my arousal. Part of my brain was relieved, the other a little insulted. We all worked our way to legs on the wall. Nicky was furthest from me, then Christine, then Denise. All of us placed our legs on the wall and prepared for the remainder of the practice. I lay on the floor with my legs up and my hands stretched out, like a "T" and sighed a little from relief that I wasn't embarrassed by the shift to this new position, and also relaxation. I was actually relaxing, more than I usually do. 

Nicky instructed us to do a twist that made us all shift our legs to the right. As my legs almost contacted the floor I felt Denise's brush against my back and butt. "Sorry, "she whispered. "No worries," I whispered back. Again my self-consciousness rose. "Was she sorry she touched me? Or Sorry about the fact that I had an erection? Or Sorry about the size of my erection?" my mind raced again, and my sense of relaxation faded. My face was flushing as we twisted to the other side. I had no choice but to put my feet between Denise's ass and the wall, "Sorry." I whispered but she just nodded. We twisted back to the other side, I then felt Denise's feet between my ass and the wall. She flexed her feet and her toe lightly brushed the underside of my balls. I tried not to react, I couldn't tell if it was an honest accident, or intentional. As we shifted back to the left side, I did the same to her, and I almost gasped as I flexed my toe and felt her crotch was soaking wet even through her yoga pants. We shifted back to center and put our legs back up straight. I glanced over at Denise briefly, her eyes were closed and she was calm and almost completely relaxed. As I shifted my eyes toward the ceiling, Nicky came into my view. She calmly reached down and massaged my shoulders and then my chest and said in a sultry tone, "Relax."

I pretended I didn't hear it, and had my eyes closed as she finished massaging my shoulders. She went back to her mat, and asked the class, "This might be a longer class than normal. Is that okay with everyone?" We all responded affirmatively. I was a little confused as I glanced up at the clock, normally at around this time we would be making our way towards our final relaxation pose. She instructed us to rearrange our mats like they were before we moved to the wall. She moved to the front of her mat. She looked around the room, as if checking everyone's faces. "Now class we are going to try something new."

I didn't think much of it, but I nodded in approval as did my classmates. She went over to the windows and closed the blinds and turned down the lights. The room was now dimly lit, but it was still relatively easy to see. Nicky retook her place and said, "Okay class this is a form a relaxation I learned when I was in California last month." I looked at her questioningly as she continued, "Now class, this is your decision but I urge you to at least try." She paused, "We are going to do our final few poses naked." Without missing a beat she reached to her waist and took off her shirt in one sweeping motion. Both Christine and Denise paused only briefly and did the same, just as Nicky was removing her yoga pants I glanced forward and saw she wasn't wearing any underwear. As Christine and Denise undressed, I felt like a deer in headlights when Nicky looked at me. Without a word she asked with her eyes, "What are you waiting for?" 

Now I'm no prude. I've been skinny dipping and I've done some really risqué things involving nudity. But never have I done something like undressing in a class, with people I barely knew. Christine and Denise were now fully nude, facing away from me they didn't notice I hadn't followed Nicky's lead. Nicky still was staring at me as she continued with the instructions. I reluctantly pulled off my shirt and started to undo my string on my waistband. I stripped to just underwear, I figured I shouldn't go further. As the other girls moved into the next position, downward facing dog, they all looked between their legs at me. I felt on the spot and slowly pulled down my boxer briefs, revealing my hard throbbing erection. I glanced around and saw a small smile appear on all the class's face. I positioned myself in downward dog. I stared down at my erection and thought, should I just get dressed and leave? Before I could make a decision I felt Nicky's hands on my back again, massaging deeper this time. She slowly and cautiously moved her hands down a little.

I kept my eyes closed, not really knowing what to expect next. Suddenly I felt her hands slide around my hip bones and felt her hands wrap around my throbbing cock. I tried not to jump or react but couldn't contain a low quiet moan as it escaped my lips. Nicky slowly moved her hands up and down the shaft, as calmly and the same speed as she massaged my back. "Was this the new relaxation technique?" I thought as I felt something new, lips brushed across the tip of my cock, and then a tongue. I parted my eyelids a bit, trying not to obviously open them. Through my limited view I could see Christine on her hands and knees arching her back and slowly starting to tease my cock with her tongue and lips. Again before I could react I felt another mouth deeply kiss mine. It was Denise; her tongue probed my mouth as she kissed me more passionately. 

"Now let's move to another pose," Nicky said as if she was still instructing, "now we are going to use lying happy baby pose." She grabbed my hips and pulled me up into a standing position and guided me to the floor on my back. I kept my eyes closed and she directed me further into the pose. I lie on my back and spread my legs apart with my knees in my chest and hold them apart with my hands on my feet. I immediately felt what I assumed was Christine's mouth on my member again she worked her tongue up and down the shaft then to my balls. A little to my surprise she stopped for a brief second then I felt her tongue run up and down my ass. I assumed she had turned over and was now on her back as she continued to lick my ass, I felt a second pair of lips engulf my hard cock. Before I could let out a moan I felt two legs straddle my head. Nicky then slowly lowered her pussy to my lips, her ass faced my body and she began to gently rock her hips as my tongue willingly explored her cunt. "Wow, she tastes fantastic." Was the extent of thought I could muster. The rest of my brain was almost drained, it was trying to process all the sensations it was feeling. 

Denise began to work her mouth up and down my cock, as Christine continued to lick my ass. Denise quickened her pace as I felt Christine slide her tongue in my ass. I involuntarily moaned into Nicky's warm wet pussy lips and I removed my hands from my feet and cupped her ass as I licked her more intently. Nicky's hip rocking increased as she began to quietly moan, "Oh yes, that's it." It was a combination of her teaching tone, and that sultry one I had heard her use earlier when she said to relax. Denise sucked my cock more and gagged a bit as she went faster. Christine soon replaced her tongue with a finger and was steadily running in and out of my ass. I could hear what sounded like Christine sucking Denise's nipples. My suspicious were proven when Denise paused from fellating me and moan "Oh Christine, suck those tits." Nicky rocked faster and I could feel her reach down and grab my hair, grinding her delicious pussy into my face. I moved my hands down and used some of her dripping pussy juice to lubricate my finger. I promptly pushed it up her ass to no objections. She moaned louder, "Oh fuck yes!!" Christine and Denise began to move faster, I felt my body could scarcely resist anymore. I muffled into Nicky's cunt, "I'm gonna cum." 

Neither of the girls stopped, it actually felt like they sped up. I began to gently rock my hips, moving my cock deeper into Denise's mouth. Christine slid a second finger inside of me and began to massage my prostate. Nicky too, was nearing an impending orgasm, as she began to ride my face hard and fast. She panted, "oh fuck, oh fuck...." I grunted loudly as my cock pulsed, Denise instinctively deep-throated my cock as I erupted in her throat with three large spurts of cum. Denise moaned loudly as she swallowed every drop. Nicky almost immediately yelled, "Fuck I'm cumming." She pulled her pussy away from face and I felt her squirt all over my mouth and chin. I continued to finger her ass, she squirted more and more. Her legs started shaking and she almost collapsed to her hands and knees. I opened my eyes to see Nicky's soaked pussy inches from my face. Her legs still quaking she crawled off of my face. I leaned my head up a bit to see Denise, wiping her mouth and Christine still pumping my ass, her eyes met mine as she engulfed my semi-hard cock. 
