 Anonymous said: Could you possibly write a story about a girl getting used at school as the local cumdump hating it at first then loving it and/or at the end she gets tied up on the sports field for players relief?? Sorry if this is too much.

*

College was supposed to be different than high school and I was excited about it. I was a tomboy and I loved sports. Most of the guys in my high school had assumed that I was gay and passed me over for actual cheerleaders and normal looking girls. It wasn't that I was ugly. When I looked in the mirror I knew that wasn't the case. I was a pretty girl, I just didn't put any effort into being a girl. I lived in cutoff jean shorts and loose-fitting shirts. I didn't bother with hair, makeup or nails. Perfume was not something I used.

I didn't really care that I was still a virgin the day I started college. I wasn't going to college to get laid. I was going to play softball, my favorite sport. I also went to check out all of the sports teams at my relatively prestigious school. There was one guy on the basketball team that I thought was sexy. I didn't tell anyone that I liked him, not that I had anyone to tell. The other girls didn't seem to like me much. I wasn't like them. I didn't care about clothes, makeup, and parties. I cared about cars, sports, and fitness. I didn't need friends. I would make it through college alone.

I stalked the basketball games that first year, watching my crush, Marlon killing it during the preseason. After one of the games, he walked right up to me and pointed at me and motioned for me to come down from the bleachers. I looked around, wondering if he was really beckoning me or if there was a prettier girl behind me that he was really trying to reach.

He began to walk up the bleachers and he offered his hand to me. I grabbed his hand and let him pull me down the bleachers and into the long hallway that led to the men's locker room.

"Where are you taking me?" I asked, confused.

"I just need to talk to you," he explained. He pulled me into the locker room and I saw a lot of naked black guys changing. It was pretty hot but not as hot as Marlon was. "We can talk here." He pushed me up against the hard concrete wall and kissed me. I hadn't had many kisses from men in my life, so when his mouth met mine I completely lost my mind. I gave him everything he wanted. I let him bend me over and pull down my athletic shorts and cotton panties. I let him stick his huge, black cock up inside of me and fuck me right there in the locker room in front of everyone.

"Look at her! She's so sexy!" I heard some of the other guys say. Before I knew it, there was a line of men wanting a turn with me. I should have said no but there was a part of me that had been saving up my horniness for a long time. If Marlon was finished, maybe it would be okay to let some of the other guys fuck me. I didn't mean for it to turn into the whole basketball team. I didn't mean to go from zero to slut in one day, either but it happened.

I limped out of that locker room, slightly ashamed of how many cocks I had taken. I hadn't insisted on condoms and I was dripping with cum as I put my panties and shorts back on. Marlon was watching me, eating a packaged cupcake as he pulled his clothes on.

"You turned out to be a bigger slut than I thought. You can make some money doing this, you know? I can arrange it for you. The football, baseball, and volleyball teams are all looking for a Relief Slut. You interested?"

"A Relief Slut?"

"Yeah, you know, a place to dump cum in after the game. A girl to take all that extra aggression out on. You're one of the only women I know that can handle it," Marlon explained.

"How much does it pay?"

"Well, how about I give you a preview. This is for tonight." He handed me a large wad of cash. I began to count it but stopped after I hit $500. There was more money but that wasn't really what attracted me to the job. It was the sex that was making me think about actually doing it. I hadn't been getting any sex and now, in one night, I had sex with more men than I had in my entire life. In fact, I had been a virgin before that night.

"I'll do it. When do I start?"

"Well, there is a baseball game tomorrow. Can you be there by the end of the game?"

"Yeah, I was planning on going to watch the game anyway. I love sports!" Marlon raised his eyebrows and then smiled.

"You're a tomboy. I can see that. Here, go get your nails done and get some makeup for yourself," he handed me some more money.

"I don't need all that, do I?"

"It doesn't hurt. You actually look like you will clean up well, Rebecca."

"How do you know my name?"

"I've been watching you a while. You're the hottest girl in the crowd but also the girl that puts in the least amount of effort into her appearance. Guys like a bit of effort. Can you do that?"

"Sure."

"See you at the baseball game."

I did as Marlon asked and picked up an outfit I thought a normal girl might wear. I went and got pink and white fake nails, which bugged the shit out of me. I knew I would rip them all off one by one later. I also attempted to put on makeup but it was such a pain in the ass that I gave up and applied lipstick and mascara and called it a day.

By the time I reached the baseball game, it was in the third inning. Marlon was there and he sat down next to me as soon as he saw where I was sitting. I was ridiculously nervous as I tried to watch the game, thinking about how I would soon be fucking every guy on the baseball team.

"Do you like baseball?" I asked Marlon, trying to make conversation.

"I like you," he told me. "I'm here to see what you can do after the game is over for all these guys."

"You like sluts don't you?"

"I do."

"I'm not really a slut," I told him.

"We'll see about that. I know a slut when I see one and when I saw your face at my game the other night, I got this feeling about you. And I was right, wasn't I? You did everyone and you're going to do it again today."

"I could walk away right now."

"You won't. You got your nails done." He laughed as if he'd seen this before and I almost got up and walked away just to prove him wrong but the game had ended. I was mad at myself for losing focus. I hadn't even watched the end!

"Let's go! We need to hurry!" Marlon grabbed me by the hand and pulled me from my seat. "This time you are going to be outside and I'm going to tie you up," Marlon explained. He set me up on the practice field just outside of the baseball locker rooms. Marlon had me get completely naked and he tied me to a fence that was part of the backstop of a practice pitching mound. My legs were tied open and my arms were wide open and restrained. He placed a stepladder near me and chuckled.

"I have to get some pictures of you like this," Marlon laughed.

"I don't know about this! What if I get caught and expelled?"

"You won't. This is men's sports. We can get away with just about anything and the administration just looks the other way. We've been doing this sort of thing for decades. Don't even worry about it."

"It's just, I'm a softball player. I wouldn't want to screw that up."

"Softball players are the biggest perverts of them all. That's one thing I do know. Wow, I hope you're ready because here they come!"

I looked over to where Marlon was looking and sure enough, the whole team seemed to be coming at me. The catcher looked determined when he saw me all strung up with my pussy open for anyone to fuck.

"Hey guys, we have a new girl here. She's a softball player!" Marlon called to the baseball team. 

"I get first dibs," the catcher cried. Before I knew it, his cock was buried deep in my pussy. A line was forming and the stepladder was put to use. The guys used it to get a better angle on fucking my face. Someone had their cock in my ass and honestly, it didn't feel as bad as I'd imagined it to be. Maybe it was all the cocks just taking what they wanted from me. Maybe it was the way I was getting fucked hard and fast. Maybe it was all the orgasms. I wasn't sure what it was, but the anal felt good and I let my ass cum on the cock inside of it.

I let myself enjoy the sensations of sex, knowing that this was the only way that I had been able to really get laid since I had come to college. Dating was difficult and awkward but this was perfect. This was everything I had ever wanted, but I just hadn't known that this was what it was. Now I knew. I knew that I liked being tied up and used. I knew that I liked a slew of dicks at once. I knew that I wanted to do it again.

When all of the baseball players were done, Marlon took his turn. He fucked me the hardest of them all until I had drained his cock deep into my pussy. He made me cum the most, too. It almost made me wish that I wasn't Marlon's Relief Slut. Maybe he would have liked me as a girlfriend if I hadn't been such a whore.

"Marlon? Can you untie me now?"

"Sure! Did you have fun?"

"I actually did. I never knew being tied up and used could be so awesome. You know?"

"Yeah, I can see that."

"You can?"

"Yeah, I've been doing this for three years now. Before me, there was another guy that organized all of this."

"Do you think I'm a total whore?" I asked him.

"Yeah, I do. But like I said, that's the kind of girl I find sexy."

"You do?"

"Yeah. I think you're the sexiest girl I've ever seen do this. I really like fucking you the best, too."

"Really?"

"Yeah, now let's get you down and over to the volleyball locker room. I have one more thing I want to show you."

"How to fuck a volleyball team?"

"I don't think you need any instructions with that," Marlon laughed. "I was thinking about something a bit more personal." He leaned in and kissed me and this time it was a real kiss. I could feel the passion in his breath and the emotion in his body as he wrapped his arms around me.

"Marlon?"

"Yes?"

"I think I like you."

"I know I like you," he whispered. "I like the way you take on a whole team of guys at a time."

"You do?"

"Yes. Now, let's hurry. Those volleyball guys have some long dicks and I want to watch them all fuck you."