 Ami and I had met three or four times since she had come to my house confessing her feelings towards me and showing me what a woman's tongue felt like. Her work and the fact my husband didn't know his coworker and wife had been meeting for the pleasure of getting each other off made it difficult to meet at times. Our activities however didn't keep James and Ami from coming up with another plan to broaden my sexual horizons.

One of Ami's aunts owns a German restaurant downtown. The plan was to have Ami there hiding under the table waiting to lick me to orgasm while he watched. When we arrived James would request a booth in the back so we would have a little more privacy. This booth was also a little bigger than the others giving Ami room under it. My husband had become addicted to watching me with another woman.

When we arrived James requested the booth as planned explaining to me it would be quieter and more romantic with the dim lights. As we followed our waitress, James had placed his hand on my ass giving it a gentle squeeze. As I started to slide in next to him he asked if I would mind setting across from him so he could admire how sexy I looked in my new dress. I agreed and sat down. We ordered a bottle of wine and began talking. The waitress brought our wine and said she would be back in a few minutes there was a problem in the kitchen. We had already had a couple glasses each and starting to feel relaxed before she came to take our order.

After his third glass of wine, James excused himself to go to the men's room. He had walked about half way across the room when Ami lifted the tablecloth and smiled at me. I was definitely shocked at seeing her especially under the table. I asked what she was doing under the table and how she new they would be there. She explained how she had told James about her aunt's place and suggested he bring me out that night because of some special they had on Saturday nights. She had made the arrangements for him since it was her family. I was not sure what to think of the situation but before anything else could be said I saw James coming out of the men's room. I put the tablecloth back down but not before I had been told to be quiet or everyone would know what I was about to encounter.

I regained my composure as James sat down. I smiled at him hoping he couldn't see the frantic look in my eyes. The waitress had brought another bottle of wine with her apologizes for the wait on our food and explained it was on the house. She poured us both a glass before leaving again.

As conversation began, I felt a hand sliding up the inside of my thighs gently spreading my legs for better access. I could feel the excitement and fear in my stomach as a hand started massaging my pussy thru my lace panties. I was trying to pay attention to the story I was hearing but all concentration had gone to the activity down below as I started feeling the moisture between my legs. I felt my panties being pulled aside and a couple fingers rubbing my bare lips. As my lips were parted by expert fingers, all fear left and horniness had taken over. A finger slid down to my opening and entered my very hot and wet pussy. The feeling was better than usual as her tongue began licking my clit. I was so turned on knowing someone was eating me out while my husband sat across from me not having a clue, or so I thought.

The tension in my pussy was mounting as pure nasty thoughts ran through my mind. I wanted to push the table aside and spread my legs wide while watching my fuck the beautiful face under the table in front of my spouse. I was so hot, wet, and excited it didn't take long to reach my peak.

My climax hit hard and a shiver ran thru my body. James noticed and asked if I was alright. I smiled and said I needed to be excused this time. My juices were trickling down my thighs as I made a quick escape to the restroom. I went to the first stall available and sat down. I was out of breath and still in orgasm bliss as I locked the stall door. I couldn't believe what had just happened in public and the thoughts that had gone thru my mind. I had never had thoughts like that before. This made the ache for pleasure come back fast.

While I decided to try to regain my composure and rejoin my husband, Ami had noticed the bulge in James' pants from watching me cum. She unzipped his pants and his fully erect dick popped out. She didn't say a word just lowered her lips and began sucking. The sudden feel of a cum covered mouth on his dick was about all he could handle. It took a few more sucks and pumps with her hand and his load covered the back of Ami's throat. He had slumped down in the booth from heavenly exhaustion as Ami made her way out from under the table and out the back door. James was unaware of her exit. He straightened up as I made my way back to the table and suddenly our food arrived. I asked to have it to go and gave my husband a lustful look letting him know what I wanted. As we started home, I started massaging my husband. We pulled into the drive and entered our house. I had started undressing him in the entrance way and barely let him put the food down before yanking his pants down. I took him into my mouth and sucked on his cock like never before with thoughts of Ami going thru my mind. After he shot his load in my mouth and I had swallowed the last drop, he hiked my dress to my hips and bent me over the back of our couch sticking my ass in the air. He squeezed my cheeks hard as he spread my ass cheeks wide. I felt his tongue circling my asshole as a finger fucked my twat. When he felt my ass was lubed enough he shoved his thumb in and made me wince. He started fucking my ass with his thumb as his dick replaced the finger in my twat and fucked me like I was a paid whore. He had never treated me like that. I was turned on even more with his forceful fucking of my cunt and ass. I had decided Ami was good for our sex life as we climbed into bed. I was smiling as I fell into a deep sleep.