 All stories in this series are scenes out of Complex Relationship I did not write in order to keep the story moving. However I decided it would be fun to make series out of these moments so without further ado I give you Remember When...

Thanks luvtaread for editing.

Brandon sat with his wife Ashley and good friends Katy and Mel on a deck overlooking the island where together they had been marooned many years before. Now it was home to their dream house and where better? As it was here that they formed the family that had made everything good in their lives possible.

Brandon smiled at that thought and looked at each of his loves, and they were that. Although Ashley was his wife and he loved her more than anything, except maybe his five children, he felt love for Katy and Mel as well and they loved him back.

That got his mind going and looking in Katy and Mel's direction he said to them, "Hey you guys remember that night that Ashley was out of town for that conference?" Katy smiled mischievously and nodded Mel too smiled.

"Wait? What about it, I never heard about this guys. What did you three do?" Ashley asked a bit confused.

"Well let's just say leaving your man alone with Katy next door, not a good idea Ashley." Mel said with a smile.

"Yeah, well someone else was in Missy heat at the time if I recall!" Katy said in her defense.

"Yes, while that is true, it was not common knowledge at that point. As I recall only Brandon knew about her back then. Hardly something Ashley could account for in leaving Brandon behind."

"Ladies, ladies," Ashley said holding up her hands. "I'm not upset it happened god knows if I ever got jealous of you two I would have been gone years ago. I mean you had Brandon's children for god sake. What I'm mad about is that this is the first I'm hearing about it. Three people I care about and trust deeply and none of you spilled about a wild night together? That's cold guys, real cold." All three muttered an apology to her. Ashley then looked at each with anticipation. After a few seconds it seemed she was not getting what she wanted fast enough and said, "So?" Brandon, Katy, and Mel all looked confused, "Someone spill, Please?" The other three exchanged looks and came to an agreement.

"You tell her Brandon," Katy said with a smile, "Your story is much better."

"Especially since you were the only one who saw everything for what it was. You know because of Missy and because you well you know what happened to Katy that night."

"Shh," Ashley said, "You're spoiling it." Brandon understood what Mel had meant though. Katy's view of the story was tainted because she had no idea her wife was not herself that night. This made Mel's recollection of the night a little off as well. Besides what had happened to Katy would make it a little hard for her version to be accurate. Brandon was shaken out of his thoughts by Ashley, "Hello earth to Brandon. You're supposed to be telling me a story darling." 

Brandon nodded then began, "As our lovely friends pointed out it all began that night you were out of town..."

Brandon worked late prepared for a late night. He was expecting Ashley home but had yet to hear from her. She and a few other teachers were at a conference downstate. Brandon knew from experience it would take them three hours at least, in good weather, to reach home and this was not looking to be a night for good weather. 

Reports of a major storm rolling in across northern and central Illinois were coming in every few minutes. Brandon was fairly sure that if they did not start out soon Ashley and her colleagues would never make it before the storm hit. 

To be honest he had expected them to be home hours before, but something had come up down there and one of the teachers had been asked to fill in for the late session. Not wanting to strand their colleague Ashley and the other teachers decided to stay and wait. Unfortunately in the mean time this storm system had popped up out of nowhere. A frequent problem living in the Midwest.

The phone rang sometime later and Brandon was relived to hear Ashley's voice. "We're not coming home darling. Joe decided that with the high winds and rain their expecting that the roads could get really bad. So we're staying the night down here. We should be able to get an early start and make it back in time for classes tomorrow once the storm has cleared up."

"Whatever you guys think is best," Brandon said a bit relieved as he knew just how bad the roads could get during a storm like this, having chanced them himself in the past. He was rather glad Joe was not as crazy as he had been. 

As the conversation continued Brandon and Ashley exchanged the conditions at their various locations. The storms had started near Ashley and Brandon was still awaiting its arrival. They talked a bit more then wished each other good night.

Brandon had no sooner hung up the phone than it rang again and without looking he answered, "Missed me already?"

"Oh always baby, but I'm actually calling for your darling wife is she there?" Katy's voice said.

"Katy?" Brandon asked stupidly reacting to the voice. He then recovered and answered her about Ashley, "Ah no she's still downstate, is it urgent?"

"Kind of, but if she's not home..." she trailed off then said, "Hey, maybe you can help!"

"Depends on what you need." Brandon said 

"Well, Mel's feeling a little down today. If Ashley wasn't too busy I was hoping she could help cheer her up a bit. We do this thing well you know..." Brandon did, he had watched that 'thing' several times and it never got old to watch Ashley and Katy make Mel cum that hard. 

Brandon hesitated as he was not ordinarily allowed in these cheer up sessions as, despite being the exception to Mel's no sex with men rule, she still preferred to be an object of desire to women and not men.

"I'm afraid you're out of luck there Katy. Ashley won't be home tonight. She's stuck downstate due to the storm."

"Storm what storm?" Katy asked confused and Brandon thought he detected a bit of fear. 

"Oh the massive one that bound to hit us any minute. Ashley said it's already hit down where she's at and it's a doozy. High wind, blowing rain, and thunderclouds in fact if it weren't October I'd say a tornado was in the works."

"Thunderstorm?" Katy stammered out clearly more than a little afraid. It was then that Brandon remembered how much she hated thunder and lightening.

"Yes, but don't worry, nothing too major. Anyway Ashley isn't going to be home tonight so I'm afraid I'm all you have to help." Brandon said in what he tried to make a calm reassuring voice.

"Wait, so you're alone tonight?" Katy said and Brandon smiled, Katy was ever horny, nothing like her libido to make her forget fear, "Well we can't have that, you're staying with Mel and I tonight."

"But, I thought Mel..." He started to say but Katy cut him off.

"Screw Mel and her moodiness..." Then she paused and said in a whisper, "Actually, Mel getting a good fucking might bring her out of this funk, god knows Ashley and I have tried everything else lately." Then raising her voice again she said, "It's settled Brandon, get your cute butt over here."

Brandon hung up the phone and a minute later was welcomed into the house next door by an enthusiastic Katy. The short blonde reached up and kissed him deeply.

"Well hello," Brandon said, after the kiss broke. "Do you greet all your guests that way?"

"Nope just you baby." Katy said with a smile and grabbing his hand led him into the family room where Mel lounged watching TV and working on her laptop. "Mel hon, look who's here." Katy said as they entered. 

Mel looked up and saw Brandon as she did an odd look almost of joy appeared when she did, but it faded quickly and she said, "Oh it's you."

"Yes, it's him." She said directing Brandon to a seat on the couch near Mel, "Ashley's out of town tonight so I asked him to stay here with us tonight." 

"Uh-huh and that would have nothing to do with the large storm that is coming?"

"No it wouldn't!" Katy said a little too quickly Brandon and Mel exchanged glances, "Now if you two will excuse me I got a few things to finish up," Katy said and she left the room. Out of the corner of his eye he saw her wiggle her cute ass a bit as she walked away something Katy always did when she was horny.

The odd thing was that Mel did not seem to notice it. Now there were many things he and Mel disagreed on but Katy's cute butt and body, and Ashley's for that matter, was not one of them. For her to not check Katy out as she left the room told Brandon something was seriously amiss. Thinking back on conversations with Katy and Ashley that week he thought of something and playing a hunch he slid next to the red-head and looked at her screen.

"What are you working on?"

"Just a boring report I would have finished earlier but my condition is not exactly making work easy these days." The 'condition' of which she referred to was that she was six months pregnant. This was also the reason she needed cheering up the past few weeks. As Mel had begun to show she had taken it hard. Mel had always kept her body in almost perfect shape. Now through the natural process of pregnancy, it was well, less than perfect in her mind. 

Brandon marveled at the woman carrying his baby. In his mind she was immensely beautiful. If anything the pregnancy had added to her femininity and for someone six months pregnant she looked really good. She had hardly gained any extra weight except where it was supposed to be added. Namely her tits had increased several cups sizes and were getting close to rivaling Katy's each day. Then there was of course her swollen belly. 

Brandon rubbed it gently and looked at Mel before softly speaking to the baby, "Mommy didn't mean that Leah. She and Daddy love you very much." Mel looked angry and he said, "I don't care what you think of me at the moment Mel you will not speak about our daughter that way. You chose to have her, so stop being all pissy about this." 

To his surprise she just nodded then said, "Sorry, you're right I didn't mean to get upset it's just this is making things hard and I feel like a blimp..."

"You're beautiful." Brandon said cutting her off.

"I am not, look at me!" she said incredulously indicating her mid section.

"Hey, that is my baby in there and if I want to think its mother is beautiful then I will, okay. As for the other region I dare say I'm not alone in thinking those make you more attractive. Face it Melissa you are one hot mom-to-be."

Brandon then leaned in and kissed the unsuspecting red-head on the lips and found her more responsive than would be expected. Mel then broke the kiss in anger and pushed him away. She then shut her laptop and rose quickly and started to storm off saying, "Oh no buddy not today I maybe carrying your baby but..."

"Missy stop." Brandon said cutting her rant off. He did not say it loud, but he did say it firm. Immediately Mel stopped talking and froze in her tracks. Brandon smiled to himself. All of it now made sense to him he had been right about her foul mood. It seemed that Mel's submissive persona, Missy, had been behind Mel's recent disgruntled behavior. "Just as I suspected. Missy, come here." Obediently the red-head walked back to the couch and when Brandon patted his lap she sat down on it.

"Yes Master?" she asked timidly.

"You've been a naughty girl haven't you Missy?" he did not wait for and answer and said, "You've made your mistress very frustrated, and Mel has taken out that frustration on her wife and my wife. Hasn't she?"

"Yes master, and her employees Master." Brandon cringed a bit thinking of those poor souls.

"Very well, you selfish girl what is it that troubles you? Why do you bother Mel so?"

"Master has not fucked me since, since..." 

She hesitated and Brandon said, "Come on little slut spit it out."

"Since we got fat and ugly." Brandon smiled thinking of all the times Mel had refused to be complimented by him saying she did not need men's approval. Well it was obvious Missy did.

"The changes due to carrying my child do not make you fat or ugly in my mind in fact it makes you more beautiful."

"Really Master?"

"Absolutely, in fact." Brandon then shifted her on his lap and reaching down plunged one hand into her pants and found her dripping pussy. The other found her swollen breast. Soon the red-head moaned in appreciation of his efforts and he said, "Now Missy I'm going to give you some relief now, and I promise to fuck you like you want later. However first, I think you owe Katy since you caused her so much pain. So when I finish I think it only fair that you allow Mel and me to repay her then you and I can have fun."

"Yess...Mmmaster." She stammered out between moans.

"Good girl, now come for me slut, cum for your Master." He had no sooner given the command then she came hard on his fingers.

As she shook Brandon set her on the couch then lifted her up and began carrying her to the bedroom. About half way up Mel resumed control and said angrily, "Put me down this instant!"

"Nope Mel, I've seen your true colors tonight and it seems you have been Missy's bitch for a little while now. Like it or not a part of you needs attention from me and needs to feel feminine. Besides what better way to convince you that you are not fat then to carry you to bed? So sit back and enjoy the ride baby."

"If my feet weren't killing me I'd..." she never finished

"Whatever you need to tell yourself."

"Brandon why are my panties soaked?" Mel asked a few steps later.

"I think you know that answer without my help, but I got Missy a little excited. That reminds me thanks to Missy you have been rather cruel to Katy the past few days I think it only fair we make it up to her. Besides you know how she hates storms, best we put her out before the thundering starts." He said as he set her on the bed. She nodded and as he went to leave he said, "Now get your sexy pregnant self ready while I warm up our little blonde nymph."

As he left he saw Mel smile. He headed downstairs and found Katy finishing up cleaning the kitchen. He walked up behind her and pulled her to him. 

"Mmm, hi studly," Katy purred turning to kiss him.

"Hi to you too sexy," he said after they broke their kiss. 

Then looking into his eyes she asked, "How's Mel?"

"Better, a little lady has been giving her some trouble as of late."

"Yes, that Leah can be a trouble maker." Brandon smiled at this he had been referring to Missy, but Katy was not to know that. "The past week or so has been hard on Mel."

"She's not the only one who has suffered, is she Katy?" Katy looked down a bit ashamed.

"Well Mel's had a lot on her mind..." Brandon raised her chin so her eyes met his.

"Comforting Mel is not the only reason you and Ashley have been seeing a lot of each other lately is it? I know Katy. I saw when you tried to entice Mel tonight and she ignored it." Tears welled in Katy's eyes. "Mel still loves you and finds you very sexy but I think she is so lost in herself she forgets that she is hurting you by not looking."

He took the rag out of her hand and after tossing it in the sink he lifted her onto the counter. He then lifted her shirt and revealed her large tits. He immediately leaned in and kissed and sucked each showered her feminine mounds with attention. Katy moaned in appreciation about half way through he stopped much to Katy's displeasure and lifted her off the counter her then pulled off her pants and panties. 

"Had to take those off because I intend to make you cum little nymph and I wouldn't want you to soak your panties like your wife did." He said setting her on the counter and kissing her. Katy cooed in delight and he kissed his way back down to her sensitive tits. True to his word a few minutes later he had Katy crying in pleasure as she came.

"You made a mess," Brandon said with a smile, "Better clean it up." He then lowered his face to he pussy and began licking her cum both off the counter and from her inner thighs. When he was finished he turned his attention to her swollen clit. When he flicked his tongue over it Katy went crazy. She was so aroused from her last orgasm that he soon had her on the edge of another. She exploded again and he drank every drop of her sweetness. He then stood up and lifting her off the counter carried her like he had Mel up to the master bedroom

What they found took both their breaths away. Mel lay on the provocatively posed in all her naked glory. She smiled at there reactions, then beckoned. Brandon set Katy down and giving her naked ass a swat said, "I think she wants you my little nymph." Katy's eyes lit up and she rushed the bed.

Brandon just watched in amazement as the pair made love to each other in their own way. Katy loving Mel as she was and Mel showing Katy she still found her attractive. Brandon could sense weight being lifted from both their shoulders as they showed their love for the other.

After a while Brandon saw Mel signal that it was time to say thanks to Katy. He rose and stripping off his clothes he joined the pair on the bed. As Mel showered the blonde's tits with attention Brandon lined up his achingly hard cock with Katy's molten hot pussy.

Katy had already had cum several times that night due to the efforts of both Mel and Brandon. So, it did not take long before they got her riding a chain of orgasms. After a few minutes it was too much for the small blonde and she passed out from exhaustion. Brandon and Mel kissed her good night and smiled.

Then as promised Brandon positioned Mel on all fours and entered her from behind. He sensed Missy take over as he did and he talked dirty to the submissive persona as he fucked her hard. Unlike their usual encounters it took several orgasms before Mel returned to control. Still she did not stop Brandon's efforts. Before it was all over he had cum in Mel twice and she had cum several times.

As he cuddled up behind Mel he said good night to his ladies and even gave Mel's stomach a rub to wish Leah a goodnight as well.

"...Of course we changed positions several times that night especially after the thunder woke Katy."

"That and Miss Leah was not kind on my bladder that night." Mel said with a chuckle.

"I have to say that night makes a lot more sense hearing how Missy was involved. I had always wondered why you were so successful. Still I have to say you saved our marriage that night, I was really hurting. Turns out that storm may have been the best thing to happen to us in months." Katy said.

"I have no doubts, Missy was dangerous. I for one was real glad when Mel finally told you two about her and got help."

"Yes that was quite the story." Ashley said.

"Yes it is and I think it makes an excellent place to start tomorrow."