 Sitting by the water is always relaxing especially when you have a few cold drinks close at hand. After a few cold ones I was ready for a little nap listening to the water lap at the shore just a few feet away. I had kicked the lounge chair back to let the sun bake my body for a little while. 

I was daydreaming a bit and proceeded to get an erection under my bathing suit. While I am not over endowed, I am a little above average and my cock laid against my stomach pointing at my chin.

People were coming and going but because I wasn't pitching a tent I wasn't concerned. I must have fallen asleep because I woke up hearing someone giggle next to me. I thought I recognized it as a close friend that was spending the afternoon with us. Beth was on the other side of me and I listened to them talk as I pretended to be asleep.

"Do you like what you see peeking out of his waistband?" Beth asked Shirley. I didn't realize it but the head of my cock had slipped out of my suit at the waist during my nap.

"Very much so. In fact I would love to lick it just a little to see what he will do." She answered.

Beth just laughed and told her that if it was a little more private she would strip me naked and they could both have some fun. I was shocked because I had never heard Beth suggest anything like that. They continued to banter back and forth getting more and more sexually suggestive. The afternoon wore away and soon it was time to call it a day. I pretended to wake up and we packed up to leave for home. Shirley went to her own house a few doors away and we went to ours to fix some dinner.

"That was quite an afternoon at the lake wasn't it darlin?" I asked Beth.

She blushed a little and asked how much I had heard. I told her that I had heard all of it and wondered if any of what she said was true or just bravado. She said she always wanted to have a sharing experience with Shirley but had been afraid to broach the subject. She said the few drinks we had made it easy to joke around and see what reaction she got from Shirley. 

"From what I heard from both of you, I think you were both pretty willing to go a lot further if the opportunity presented itself. Since we have plenty for dinner why don't you call and ask her to join us for supper. Make it kinda sexy and see what happens. I am willing to go as far as you want to go if that is what you want to do."

I watched her come up the walk and could see that she had left her bra at home and wondered if she forgot her panties also. Beth had put on a loose top that showed a lot of cleavage and a pair of loose leg shorts. I was sexy as hell in a pair of board shorts and a tee shirt, yea right.

Sitting around the table eating and sharing a bottle of wine we let the conversation get racier and racier as we enjoyed ourselves.

I winked at Beth and asked Shirley if she enjoyed looking at my cock all afternoon. She never missed a beat and asked if I minded if she looked at the whole thing.

I said I would strip to the buff if they joined me. Beth laughed and stripped off her shirt showing her erect nipples. She is pretty well developed with a large firm C cup and I appreciated how perky they looked. Shirley followed suit and her shirt joined Beth's on the chair. I lost my tee shirt as well and stood to drop my shorts. My cock was just a chubby, not fully hard but it was willing as the girls lost their bottoms also. 

I walked over to Shirley and stood right in front of her. My cock was level with her face so she could get the good look she wanted. Beth just smiled at me as she moved her chair close to us. Shirley licked her lips and reached out to grasp my cock. As soon as she touched it my cock twitched and a drop of precum bubbled out of the tip. She leaned forward a bit and licked the drop off, smiling as she swallowed. Beth pushed her head closer encouraging her to go further and as her lips touched the head she opened her mouth and sucked me into her mouth. She didn't take me deep but just sucked the head like she was nursing at a nipple while her hand slowly stroked me. I thought I would cum right there and then but managed to hold back. I let her suck for a few minutes before pulling away asking if they wanted to go somewhere more comfortable.

Beth took her hand and led her down the hallway to our bedroom and deciding to give them a few minutes I picked up the kitchen. I opened another bottle of wine and took it and our glasses to the bedroom. I was not too surprised to find Beth and Shirley on the bed and in each other's arms. I placed the glasses on a bedside table and poured another glass for each of us. They broke apart and I gave each of them a glass and held my own up indicating a toast.

"I would like to make a toast to the beginning of a newly formed friendship. I know we have been friends for a long time but we have crossed into new territory. May we enjoy our newly found closeness."

The girls tipped their glasses and sipped to confirm my toast. I joined them on the bed and wondered how we would continue our new found sexuality with one another.

Beth and Shirley leaned across me and kissed deeply trading tongues and I had to wonder if they had been close before today. My cock had resurrected and stuck up between them and they both looked down as if deciding which one of them would take it as their prize. Shirley straddled my lap, parted her pussy lips and took me into her wet cunt. She ground her cunt around and around like she was screwing in a light bulb and finally decided I was fully seated in her scalding depths. Beth swung her legs across my face and dropped her pussy on my face. My tongue automatically licked her folds and I reveled in the taste and volume of her nectar. 

The cunt on my cock was doing all kinds of party tricks as she stroked up and down while going round and round at the same time. I could feel her juices running down my cock and over my balls as she fucked the hell out of me. All I could do is just lie there licking and being abused. 

The girls switched places and I was treated to a new taste in pussy. She tasted the same and different at the same time. I think she was just a little bit more tart than Beth. Beth felt wonderfully familiar as she slid her pussy down my cock. As much as I loved the feel of a strange cunt fucking me I really felt at home deep in Beth's pussy. I was lying there fucking and getting smothered for another few minutes. 

I pushed Shirley off me and tapped Beth to get off me so I could turn her over. She spread her legs for me and I slid into her welcoming cunt again. Shirley straddled Beth's face, lowering her pussy to the waiting tongue. I was surprised at Beth's willingness to eat pussy as I fucked her hard and deep. I was working hard holding back and wanted to be in charge when I fucked Shirley again. Beth geared up for her orgasm and after she did I pulled out and motioned for Shirley to get on her hands and knees in front of me. 

She was in the correct position in front of me with her head between Beth's legs as I plunged my cock deep in her twat. The juices were splashing against me as they poured out of her cunt while I was fucking her with deep strokes. She was using her tongue on Beth like she had been doing it all her life and Beth was humping her face looking for another orgasm. I was getting close and so was Shirley and as I shot off the two women came at the same time. 

I just rolled away from them and rested trying to catch my breath. They just rolled a bit and morphed into a sexy 69. They just licked each other like they were right at home and I knew I would have to ask them about it some time.

I woke up around six the next morning and found myself alone in bed. Coffee was brewing so I got up and brushed my teeth and took a shower. I just slipped on a pair of boxers and went to the kitchen. I was surprised to find just Beth there pouring me a steaming cup of coffee.

"She went home last night after you fell asleep." She said before I could ask.

"Did you enjoy yourself?" I asked as she sat down with me.

"Very much so, did you?"

"Yes, do you want it to continue?"

"I feel very comfortable with her but I have to tell you something."

I just raised an eyebrow and let her continue.

"I could tell that you knew something was not right last night so I have to confess something to you. You know I love you, right? Well you know how you have been working so much the past few years. Shirley and I have been enjoying each other. Neither one of us wants something permanent but we keep each other at home so to speak. There have been times when I was so horny that I was going crazy and so was she so we took care of each other. I hope you are not mad at either of us because I was and am always here for you. If you want to share me with her from time to time that is fine and if you want me to stop I will. I love you and don't want to destroy what we have."

I pondered my answer for few minutes finishing my coffee.

"Yes you are right that I could sense something was a little too comfortable for last night to be the first time between you two. I am not angry with either to you but I do wish you had been honest with me. Really I don't know how you would have done that but you know what I mean. I don't have a problem with you and her continuing with your helping one another as long as I am not pushed aside. Now we have to address the elephant in the room. What happens if you are away and she wants a little cock? Do I tell her to wait until you come home from where ever you are or do we take care of one another? I am not looking for anything other than an occasional threesome and I don't want to lose you because either of us do something stupid."

"I wouldn't mind if you fucked her while I wasn't here but I would prefer to keep that as a threesome just like you want. I know that sounds like I can play with her when we are alone but I don't want you to so I won't say you can't fuck around with her. I have never refused you anything and I never will but I really did enjoy being open with both of you last night."

I took her into my arms and we hugged knowing that everything was ok between us.