 Remember the time you brought home that slut we shared in a threesome. How sweet you were to bring her home for me. Well, that's what you told me. 

I soon found out otherwise. It certainly started with the three of us. Kissing, rubbing and pleasing each other. I couldn't believe how hot she was and how bad you wanted a piece of that nice ass. I've never just watched, and since I had my toy with me I figured I'd have a little fun.

I like the way you handle a woman, gentle, but firm enough to show you mean business. I was getting so hot just watching the 2 of you. The two of you stood naked in candlelight. Oh god how sexy it was. As you grab the back of her hair she drops to here knees an grabs onto that awesome cock of yours. She parts her lips, slides her tongue out of her mouth and begins to explore your cock, circling the head with her tongue. You quickly grabbed her up and kissed her passionately.

Oh shit, how I wanted you inside of me, slapping your balls against my ass. I didn't realize I had been playing with my nipples. Oh how I wish I could take them in my mouth, flick my nipples with my hot tongue. I very quietly, trying not to interrupt their erotic dance, pulled out my vibrator thinking this is just gonna have to do. As I explored my own body I felt a rush. I had just seen Don pull her up by her hair and begging to passionately kiss her. You pulled her hair sharply back and to the right exposing the crook of her neck. I'm thinking that should be me. Your making me crazy with desire. You bring your tongue down her neck a gently begin biting her right there, my favorite spot. Hands run down her chest to her perky breast. You squeezed with just force she wenches not sure whether it was pain or pure pleasure.

As I probe my wet pussy with my vibrator I hit my clit. Such a mind blowing feeling. I gotta have your cock inside me. You are so into what you are doing I felt envious and charged by the pleasures she was inuring. Your such a terrible tease to bring her to the edge, time after time and then back away. I'm not sure what she was feeling, but was quite certain what I was feeling I needed to be fucked hard and right now!! My vibe is going crazy as I turn up the intensity and started to circle my clit. Rou8nd and round, pinching my nipples with the other hand. I can feel the lust, this incredible sensation, devouring my whole body. I was leaving this world for another when your voice broke into my head and I heard ass it the air slut. You picked me up by my hips, flipped me over and spread my legs and offered my wet pussy to your other bitch. I willingly obliged. I have thought about this day for years. How to pleasure another woman? 

On our knees in the candlelight our bodies meshed and seem to become. one. Our mouths meeting, lips spreading tongues probing we melt into a heap on the floor at your feet. You tried to join us but we wouldn't have it. I've never felt the softness of another woman. My hands roamed from her feet to her inner thighs. How cute she is when she shutter. She throws her head back while arching her back and I found her nipples very close to my mouth. I reached out to those erect nipples with my tongue. Round and round I went licking, sucking and nibbling on her beautiful tits. 

I craved her wet pussy and I slid myself down her body toward her melting pot. Pushing her legs apart gently, I spread her lips to find that special spot. I've never been this close to a clit before. All that pleasure from that little bud and I'm this close to it. I asked myself quickly, "What do I do". I didn't know but I wasn't gonna waste anymore time. I positioned myself so that I could see her face. I slid 2 fingers into her pussy and rubbed her clit with the little finger of my other had. The waves of pleasure hit her face and I knew I was pleasing her. 

Apparently you couldn't take it any more. You lifted my ass so that I was now on my knees and begin to do to me that I was doing to your bitch. In , out, and around, it didn't matter as long as those fingers kept moving increasing the intensity with every stroke. You must have been paying close attention because as my tongue got closer to that shaved pussy, I could feel your hot breath on my ass. You began flicking my clit at the same time I devoured hers. As I sucked, licked and flicked it with my tongue she began to shake and make noises I didn't know possible. She started screaming fuck me PLEASE fuck me. I grabbed you by the arm and brought you closer to her. I screamed at you to fuck her and fuck her good. Then fuck me like I've never been fucked before.. I was in heaven, watching you and your little bitch get it on.

I had my vibrator in hand and by now it wouldn't take much but I was gonna drag it out. While you fucked her I went around and around my clit and just brushing it from time to time working myself into a frenzy. Bringing myself to the edge and back again several times I moved toward you and pulled you off of her and slid down your hot cock. Such a fit I thought. Slowly to the top of your cock and back again you grab my tits and worked your fingers to my nipples and squeezed ever so lightly. Electric waves went though my body and I screamed a very primal scream and then back down hard on your cock . Up and down a couple more times and I exploded screaming Fuckkkkkkk Meeeeeeeee. My hands were tearing at your chest and you grabbed my whist's in one hand, rolled me onto my side and fucked like I have never been fucked before. I came with such force that I felt I was gonna black out. OMG, can it really be this good???