 Reliving My Youth Pt II (Back to the Future)

After everything that happened earlier, I was a bit embarrassed when I rang Josie later that evening. 

"That was a bit unexpected." I mumbled.

"I know." She whispered back. "Are we ...okay?" 

"I hope so; but it's not everyday I get into a threesome with my best friend and a pornographer; is it?" I laughed.

"Between you and me ...I bloody loved it ... I haven't had sex like that for years!" Josie giggled, "If ever! I've even ... you know... played with myself twice since I got home." She giggled

"Jesus! You're keen." I laughed out loud, then spread my own legs a little bit and stroked my pussy through my knickers, while we relived the afternoon with Phil and I told her his plans for future films. 

Over the next few weeks I had quite a few more lesbian flings with my best friend, and it soon became obvious that I was developing a 'dominant' side and she definitely had a 'submissive' one, as we experimented with spanking and tying up... and bigger and bigger toys. 

Alongside that, I was also getting royally fucked by Phil every couple of days; usually after one of our 'business meetings' where we discussed the prospective website. I was really very excited at the prospect of making some 'up to date' striptease videos; and when Phil suggested that there was also a lucrative fetish market for 'mature women' in sexy lingerie; especially if they masturbated in them, I couldn't volunteer quick enough ... as did Josie. 

Obviously I had reservations about being recognised; but Phil suggested I could wear a wig and maybe glasses too; which made sense and we also agreed on the site being 'streaming only' which he said wouldn't be a problem.

So, only three months after that fateful night when I bumped into Phil at that party, we had set up a Members Only website for the original videos that I and a bunch of other young women had made with him thirty years previously; and now I was preparing to film the first of the 'follow up films'. 

For the first of these I was wearing a new long black curly wig and thick framed 'Deirdre' glasses. I did several practice 'run through's' to get my timing to the music right; and after half an hour we were both ready. Wearing a transparent white blouse and a flared skirt I began swaying to Hot Love by T Rex; just as I had done thirty years ago and as the beat picked up I spun around making the skirt rise up showing my stocking tops. I soon unbuttoned my blouse and jiggled my brassiere encased boobs as I dropped it to the floor; the bra followed quickly followed by my skirt. I went a bit crazy shaking my whoppers like never before; and I had a definite sexual buzz as I turned my back to the camera and slowly pulled my knickers down and wiggled my arse. I was now so very wet as I turned back to face the camera with a hand covering my pubes; then pulled it away for the 'great reveal'! 

I was struggling for breath as Phil congratulated me with a big hug. Twenty minutes later and following a quick cup of tea I'd changed into a low cut wrap over dress, new red underwear and white seamed stockings. 

"1, 2...3 ACTION!" Phil shouted as he pressed play on the camera; and the Rolling Stones 'Hot Stuff' filled the air. It only took two minutes for me to strip down to just my stockings and this time I couldn't keep my fingers off; nor out of my pussy! Pulling my labia apart for the camera and roughly tugging my nipples and fingering myself with two or three fingers at a time; until I came just before the music ended. 

Phew! This was much more exciting than when I was twenty years old.

We had lunch, then Phil showed me the rough cuts of both films and my pussy was soon tingling and in need of his cock; but we made another film; which ended with me fucking myself with a long pink vibe while sucking his cock until he shot a wad of cum across my face just as Jimi Hendrix' Voodoo Chile came to an end. 

I was hooked again. 

Three days later Josie arrived after work at about 6pm; and she too, at my suggestion, was now wearing a wig and after a few practice runs she was ready for action; and by the time she slid her knickers off to reveal a freshly shaved pussy, I don't know who was the most turned on ... her, Phil or me.

As the music finished she looked at me with sparkling eyes and blew a kiss. 

"Are you two...?" Phil chuckled when he noticed.

"Maybe." I grinned ...

"Okay ,... I'll keep that in mind then." He winked as I went to leave the room and help Josie pick an outfit. "No way!" He laughed ... "I want that on film!"

Josie came back in a denim dress fastened with poppers, sexy transparent bra and full knickers and black thigh-high stockings. 

Five minutes later she was lying on the sofa, legs wide apart and panting while fingering herself to an orgasm. I was so jealous, because Phil wouldn't let me lick her out. 

Although we had only planned for her to make just the two films; it took no persuasion to suggest a third ... but with me in it too. 

The atmosphere was electric as we changed into some short summer dresses with very low cleavages that I'd bought in a charity shop. Josie pulled on fishnet hold-ups and I put on a suspender belt with white seamed stockings and we both wore tiny transparent thongs too; but no bras. 

Downstairs Phil had re-set his three cameras and put a CD in the stereo... the scene was now set. 

"1...2... 3!" He called out and the music started. With silly grins on our faces, Josie and I began dancing to the music, and we immediately began swishing the dresses to show our stocking tops then plenty of bending forward and shaking our boobs ... until one of Josie's actually popped out; and as the tempo built we placed our hands on our hips and began 'headbanging' before unzipping the back of each others dresses then pulled them down to the floor. 

Now only in thongs and stockings we continued headbanging, but I quickly moved behind my friend and groped her tits as I ground crotch against her arse. It didn't take me long to kiss my friend then slide my hand down the front of her panties. 

Phil quickly moved in with his camera when I began fingering her and roughly pulling on her nipples; before finally pushing her backwards onto the sofa. 

Without a word I pulled her pants off and then turned around and lay on top in a 69 position; Phil was running from side to side as we licked and fingered pussy like women possessed until Josie came buckets when I forced four fingers into her fanny and my thumb up her arse while I chewed on her clit! 

It was no hardship, but gasping for air I had to finger myself to an orgasm as her tongue lapped at my dripping fanny. Poor Phil on the other-hand had to make do with a double blow job from Josie and me, taking it in turns to suck his cock and lick his swollen balls, while tickling his arsehole (something he loved) before he eventually erupted and, bless her she swallowed every last drop for him. 

Our work was done for the afternoon and after a cup of coffee we all went our separate ways.

Over the next month, with my help Phil had filmed another six women who had been in the original films in similar situations, plus many other new and mature women of all shapes and sizes of my age who had answered his online adverts to take part too. I was staggered by how many of these women who were either married or in relationships weren't bothered about disguising their identities regardless of what sexual activity they were performing before the cameras. 

In these four weeks 'we' had nearly 40 films of 15 different women of all sizes 'in the can'. A couple only made one film then went on their sweet way; but 4 or 5 got really into it and made between 6 and 8 each, with several being very raunchy indeed. 

It was no real surprise as Phil was quite silver-tongued and could easily talk them into going further than they'd originally expected when they first arrived; and it wasn't unusual for the final film to have them sucking him off while he or they shoved a dildo up their bum!

As soon as the two websites went 'live' they were a huge success; Phil was correct that a lot of men really did want to see 'mature women' in lingerie ... especially with added masturbatory naughtiness of course. 

Usually the vague 'story' would involve two women comparing their dresses, then underwear and stockings then... well, one thing always led to another and one would end up getting her pussy licked before roughly fingering and spanking the other woman to orgasm. In one or two there would also be a secreted double-ended dildo that would be used; but things really started to get spiced up when Phil bought a strap-on dildo for me to use. 

As the weeks went by we started travelling around the country with our new assistant cameraman Lee, visiting women who wanted to join in our fun. It also helped using Air B&B's as their 'pretend home' which gave them a feeling of authenticity.

Two stories from this time spring to mind.

One night we were all staying in a local Pub Hotel in readiness for filming three different ladies over the next two days. In the blink of an eye Phil had chatted up a barmaid, and the very next morning she was on a sofa with his cock in her mouth, a vibe in her fanny and a shiny silver butt-plug up her arse, while her mother was looking after the kids and her policeman husband was at work!

We didn't even have to pay her a penny, as it was her 'fantasy'. 

On another occasion a smartly dressed woman about my age turned up alongside a much younger and prettier woman ... her daughter who was acting as a chaperone! Four hours later the Mum had made three 'striptease' type films, but while I was having a cup of tea with her, Phil somehow charmed the daughter, and when we walked back into the bedroom the daughter was fucking herself with a big black dildo while sucking Phil off, until he spunked all over her tits with her Mum watching it all with a big smile on her face. 

When we weren't filming I spent a couple of days a week scavenging around charity shops looking for clothing that could be used by our 'actresses'; as most just had the one set of clothes that they arrived in. We soon built up quite a collection, with wigs, glasses and shoes too. Lingerie was different; we always asked them to bring three sets and new stockings of course; as that's what our USP was for both sites. 

Perhaps six months after that afternoon Phil and I were having dinner when he looked at me, "I've been thinking. You know the feedback we've been getting?"

"Yes." I quizzically responded.

"How would you feel about ... going further?"

"Further?" I answered as naively as possible; but I had a bloody good idea where he was going.

"As well as what we are doing, adding a proper porn channel. Real sex... with men of course, I know a few of the other girls are keen." He smiled, then continued eating. 

"You've already asked them?"

He gave me a cheeky smile and a wink, then sipped his wine.

I was actually pleased that he had brought the subject up, as it really was an obvious natural progression from what we were already doing and ... I was really, really keen to do full sex scenes myself ... but didn't want to appear over eager, as Phil was now my 'sort of boyfriend'. 

"Explain yourself." I muttered.

"It's pretty much a natural progression; and as you know we've had loads of requests, you especially. I think we should give each woman her own page which the punters can pay for ... separately and extra to the main site. What do you think?"

"I'm not sure." I lied.

"You're pretty much directing most of the films now anyway; and you like finding 'stories' ...so you wouldn't have to do anything you don't do now."

"Would I be expected to make these films too?"

For once he looked lost for words, and took a deep breath before answering.

"Would you want to?" 

"Maybe..." I considered for a moment, "will there be stories ...scripts?" I then looked him in the eyes. "I presume you already have the men lined up?"

Phil grinned.

Of course he had! The bastard was just waiting for me to give him the green light.

"It's still a maybe. " I lied, "the men... young or old?"

"Oh my dear," he patronised me... "young and hung!"

"Will I get to 'direct' and find the stories?" He nodded, "Okay ... I'm in!" I giggled and playfully kicked him under the table. 

Phil knew that I was now an avid lover of 'written erotic stories' and indeed, porn itself so he was in safe hands letting me come up with storylines for our new enterprise; even though the limit would be 20 minutes long; and preferably shorter.

I tried to keep the plots as simple and believable as possible; but this is porn ... so we all know what is going to happen sooner or later! 

This may seem odd, but if our chief characters were meant to be MILF's, GILF's, Aunties or Mums, I also insisted on them wearing a wedding ring for added authenticity; and I had a box of cheap and second hand ones for every occasion.

Some of our women were better actresses than others; so I tailored everything to fit each lady, and by the end of the year we must have made over two dozen films, with 7 of our 'ladies' ... including Josie! She played the 'helpless' and 'dumb' housewife very well and in only her second film (at her own request) took on three handsome bodybuilders who threw her around like a rag doll while they fucked her in every hole at the same time and eventually lay her on her back while they fired their spunk all over her face in unison. 

Afterwards she couldn't stop thanking me! 

Me? You ask. 

Oh I was in the thick of it too; and when Phil brought his friend Errol along, a black 6 ft 4 doorman, covered in tattoos I too was in Heaven as his cock must have been 9 inches long and I slobbered over every single inch until he battered my fanny like a piston making me squeal like a virgin schoolgirl... and then scream for more, more MORE until he emptied his huge balls all over my face and sweaty boobs. 

The themes were never Shakespearian; usually a Mum catching her step-son/nephew wanking and then taking over, or a bored and horny housewife and her son's friend calling and getting seduced, and the obligatory 'worker' scenario which were always popular, and a couple of times we did teacher/schoolboy scenarios which kind of turned me on, both acting and supervising. 

This was a dream come true for me as much as it was the others; and I got to live out every fantasy I'd ever had and that also included several foursomes with young and hung studs who all knew how to please a woman with their tongues and cocks. 

I do have one particular favourite, which came from a story I'd read and managed to turn into a 25 minute film. Basically it was about a young man who had his hands bandaged to cartoon proportions and I was the District Nurse who had to attend to his daily needs.

After giving him a meal he needed to pee, but obviously couldn't hold his cock, so I had to take over those duties.

It was the first time I'd ever thought of peeing as something sexual but standing behind Jace as he pretended to be mortified at performing such an act as I aimed his cock at the bowl made my heart flutter. Then I had to clean him in the shower and appear 'surprised' when his big flopper slowly sprung into life as I soaped it and his balls too.

And what a whopper it was! 

As happens in these films my uniform got wet so I had to take it off leaving me in some really sexy underwear that I kept on while sucking him to full erection, then lying him on the bathroom floor while I pulled my knickers to one side and rode him like a stallion until he cried out that he was going to cum and I got off and let him fire a big ole load all over my titties then leaned over to suck it clean. 

Mmmmm I'm getting turned on thinking about it and him! 

I made another few films with Jace over the last couple of years, but that first one was by far the horniest.

On other days I was meant to be directing the action, and it was sexy fun watching a woman of a certain vintage getting carried away fucking and sucking these young studs, regularly forgetting the script and the fact that there could now be as many as six people in the room filming or capturing the sound. They just fucked and sucked to their hearts content. Phil and I didn't mind so long as they started the 'story' like we wanted them too... and ended it as expected and on schedule. The rest was left to nature. 

Everyone involved had different needs and desires, as had our customer base who would send in personal requests, which we tried to accommodate (sometimes for an extra fee). Regularly this involved spanking ... odd that? Surprisingly several of my fans liked watching me spank young men and the occasional older women with equal passion; but many wanted to see me spank young women too ... which Phil took it upon himself to arrange.

Soon three of us, all ladies of a 'certain age' 'got into' this type of film. Me, a tall leggy woman called Laura and a tiny spitfire called Trudy and there was a never ending roll call of young women lining up to be spanked or caned by an authoritarian School Ma'am and the money kept rolling in from fans who really, really got off on this type of thing. 

Which all brings me to last month, when Phil and I were in Las Vegas at an Adult Films Awards Ceremony, where I actually came second in the Newcummer of the Year category; which isn't bad for an old bird like me!

But ... cue drum roll ... we actually won first prize for a film called Detention Class DD which was in the 45 minute category. 

Obviously I played the Teacher, in a grey two piece with my hair up in a bun and wearing horn rim spectacles. The scenario played out as a young busty 'girl' arrived in my detention room, which already had 6 'boys' at their desks while I marked some homework books.

"Yes?" I curtly asked 'Ambrose', who was 5 feet nothing, skinny but with 30DD boobs (real age 22 and a mother to two young children!).

"Mr. Harding sent me because I'm wearing ... the wrong bra Miss." She pouted as the camera lingered over a fluorescent yellow bra that was trying to burst out of a far too tight white nylon shirt.

"This isn't your first time is it Miss Tittington? You know the rules!" I sighed; "take it off ... I'm confiscating it until the end of the day."

"But Miss ... But Miss... I can't!" Ambrose complained as she turned to look at the leering boys.

"You will do as I tell you... or you will get the cane. You know the rules."

In a slow and lingering scene she took her blouse off followed by her bra, which she handed to me; then pulled her blouse back on, but her boobs wobbled and jiggled as free as they day they arrived in her life under the nylon. 

"Now go and sit down ... don't bother me again." I rasped as I looked over the top of my spectacles at the offending brassiere. 

Ambrose nervously sat in the front row between two of our regular young and hung studs, ones who could vaguely pass as 'teens'. 

The camera moved back to me now reading a homework book quite intently, then back to the trio in the front row, where Adam and Wilf were trying to get a handful of Ambrose's unfettered boobs, but she kept flicking their hands away until I looked up.

"Miss Tittington! What are you doing?"

"Nothing Miss." she pouted for the camera.

"If I have to speak to you again it will be the cane for you young lady. Now let the boys get on with what they were doing."

Sure enough they did, now deftly opening her blouse and juggling a big boob each, making Ambrose sigh and bite her lip, but 'accidentally' knock a book and pen onto the floor.

"That's quite enough!" I shouted and moved my glasses to the end of my nose , "Come here girl, you've been warned."

Quickly fastening two buttons to protect her modesty Ambrose sashayed to the front of the class.
