 I came home from work frustrated and tired. It had been a long day. Work sucked. My boss was an asshole and since I was still so new, I hadn't made any friends in the office yet so there was no one to commiserate with when I got yelled at over inconsequential nothings. The days were longer without someone to gripe with or laugh with over lunch. 

My apartment wasn't very big, but I lived pretty much alone so I didn't need all that much room. I kicked off my shoes in the little linoleum square in front of my door that I generously termed 'foyer' and hung my jacket on a hanger in the microscopic coat closet. My purse was tossed onto the kitchen table and I turned to start down the hallway. 

As I went I started shedding clothes. First went the button up blouse, a delicate cream affair with a pretty scooping neckline, followed closely by the hunter green skirt. I didn't wear pantyhose. I'd never been a hose kind of girl, but the office dress code frowned upon bare legs, so I wore a garter belt with stockings. I had several such things, all in separate colors. Today's was cream to match the bra and panties I wore to work. 

I strode into the bedroom in my stockings and undergarments, pausing briefly to bend over and feed my fish. I have a huge saltwater tank, fully decked out with coral and brilliant fish. I loved the little things, and they were pets that my landlady didn't care if I kept. 

My bedroom was probably the nicest part of the apartment. It was huge, bigger than the living room or the office. It was a corner room, possessing four windows on two walls. The windows went from mid-shin to head height, spanning a full three feet across apiece. I had managed to snag an apartment with western and southern exposures, ensuring that no early morning sunbeams woke me earlier than I wanted to rise. My king-sized bed and large cherry wood furniture fit into the room with plenty of space to spare. 

But it wasn't for the fish or the bed that I had come to my bedroom for. 

A mischievous grin tugged the corners of my mouth and I peeked out the blinds. Yep, sure enough, my audience was waiting. 

I'd been living in the apartment for nearly three weeks before I realized that there were peeping toms who watched me every day I came home from work and walked around in my underwear to relax at the end of a bad day. When I found out, I bought the blinds. I'd never seen a male so crushed as I did on that first day, so after that, I figured 'What's the harm?' and acted as if I still didn't know.

I raised the blinds on the western side, the side with my admirers, and pretended to turn around and check on my fish again. In reality, I was checking the mirror. Far into the reflected distance, I could see the pair of young men eagerly jostle one another to get close to their window. They pressed themselves to the glass, ogling my wiggling bottom. I giggled at their antics. Tension I hadn't realized I had carried home from the office melted away. I'd been putting on a pretty innocent show for the boys for a while. 

Maybe I should step it up a bit.

I stood, stretched, turning in a circle. I stepped to the entertainment system and popped a movie into the player. It was a porno. I have a stronger sex drive than most, and masturbation was something I did as often as brushing my teeth. Pornos were pretty good generic food for my erotic daydreams.

The boys, of course, could not see what I was watching, just that I had put a disk in. 

I raised my arms over my head again, running my hands slowly over my body on their way down. The video was starting already. An hour and a half of nothing but people fucking each other for no reason other than the hedonistic pleasure of fucking till you pass out. 

I was already getting a little wet from the noises. 

Slowly, very slowly, keeping my eyes on the guys in the mirror, I unclasped my bra. Their jaws dropped when I took it off, dropping it to the floor. I faced the window and stretched my arms up and out. I reached up and cupped my boobs. They were kind of heavy, and there was more than I cold hold in each hand. I rolled my nipples with my fingertips, letting my head fall back and moaning with the pleasure of it. 

I grabbed a small bottle of flavored body oil that could double as lube and sprinkled some over my breasts. Rubbing it in released the musk of my body, heightening my arousal as I massaged my tits, squeezing and rolling the hard tips of my breasts over and over. 

Opening my eyes, I could see that the guys both had their hands in their pants, hands working furiously. I smiled, looking straight at them.

A terrible urge came over me.

I needed to be fucked, and I needed it now.

I stared at the peeping toms long enough that they knew I could see them. Their hands stilled, and I could see the blood rushing to their faces. In response, I pressed my tits against the cold glass of my window, rubbing them around, moaning, and rubbing my crotch with one hand. The other I raised and beckoned to them.

They stood there dumbly for a few minutes, and then vanished into their room. 

I stepped back from the window, wondering if they would really have the guts to come over, or if I had just scared them away. 

There was a quick knock at my door.

I smiled.

I answered it, as I was, with my tits hanging free and gleaming with oil. They stared at my bare boobs, entranced by the dark nipples swaying with my every breath. I invited them in, and they numbly shuffled through the doorway. I closed the door, pointing to a spot for their shoes, and they obediently slipped them off. 

One quickly regained his wits and followed me back to the bedroom. The second trailed after, still in shock I think.

As soon as I stepped into the room, the first, a brunette with green eyes, reached around me and grabbed my tits. He squeezed, a little harder than needed, but I moaned for him anyway. It felt so good to have someone else touching me, to have them pinch my nipples, pulling on them, rolling the hard tips between rough fingertips. 

I liked it rough. Nothing made me cum harder than a good hard fuck, fast and furious. I was hair triggered that way. These guys were young, barely into their twenties. The second one, the blonde with brown eyes, he looked maybe twenty-one. The one playing with my tits was maybe the same age, maybe a little older. They could be brothers, or close friends. And here I was at nearly thirty, seducing them to satisfy my urge for a good fuck.

I didn't care about their relationship or age, I just needed cock, and I needed it now.

I turned around and faced the brunette. He immediately locked his mouth onto my left breast, sucking the nipple hard and flicking it with his tongue. My pussy clenched, wetness dripping down my inner thigh. 

I moaned and held his head to my tit, backing toward the bed. The blonde had finally freed himself from his stupor and stripped off his shirt and pants when I beckoned him. His erection was tenting his boxers. He was nervous, but clearly the horniness won out. I pulled him onto the bed, getting him to lay on his side so I could lie on my back, and I tugged down his boxers to free up his cock. He was long, fat headed and thin shafted, with a prominent vein. 

Perfect for sucking.

I licked at his tip, probing the glans with my tongue for that first salty drop of precum, and then took him into my mouth. I had no problem working up enough spit, sliding my hand up and down the shaft, bouncing his balls while pulling him deep into my throat. 

The blonde moaned and bucked his hips, grabbing my hair and trying to control how much of him I deep throated. I let him, my mind starting to wander to what the brunette was doing to me. 

He was still licking and biting and sucking my tits, still pinching and rolling the nipple not in his mouth with one hand. The other hand, however, had discovered that my lacy cream-colored panties were crotch less. He slipped a finger up and down my slit, spreading the wetness. I spread my legs for him, inviting him to explore me. He did, his fingers teasing and probing the folds of my sex. He caressed the opening of me, lightly, almost tickling, and then he pushed his finger in. I moaned at the sensation, loving the fact that something was in my pussy. 

"Oh shit, oh shit." The blonde groaned. He was slamming my head back and forth, making me take him all the way every time. I relaxed my throat and took him, sucking hard when I pulled back. He blew, releasing deep in my throat. I swallowed reflexively, taking it all without being able to taste it, so deep was he buried in my mouth. 

"Oh fuck, Dave, you gotta try this." The blonde groaned when I pulled him from my mouth. Dave, the brunette, released my nipple with an audible pop and grinned up at the blonde. 

"You're out of your mind, bro." He pushed a second finger in my pussy. "I'm gonna fuck her pussy, not her mouth." He looked right down at me, his dominance turning me on more, if that was possible. "And you're gonna let me, aren't you?"

"Fuck me." I managed to gasp around the sensations he was creating with his fingers in my cunt. "Oh please, please, fuck me."

"Jesus." The blonde looked stunned. Dave grinned again.

"See, Mike? I told you. She's like a fuckin' bitch in heat." Dave pulled his hand out of me, standing up to pull off his shirt and pants. His dark blue boxers followed a heartbeat later. I felt my eyes go a little wide. Dave was bigger than Mike, longer and thicker and veiny all over. "You horny like a bitch?" He asked, not waiting for an answer. "Then I'll fuck you like one." 

He grabbed my hips and turned me over. I knew what he wanted and I scrambled to all fours, pushing my ass at him eagerly. It had been awhile since I'd been fucked. 

Dave wasted no time, lining himself up with my opening and guiding his head into it. My wetness slicked his cock as he pushed in, first halfway, then drawing back a couple inches, then with a single push he buried himself all the way in my pussy. I felt his tip almost brush the end of me. Then he started fucking me hard and fast, fucking me like a dog. He grabbed my hair, pulling me so my back was arched. The wet slapping sounds echoed in the room. I groaned and moaned and he grunted with every thrust, burying himself over and over, building the pressure in my pussy. I could feel the orgasm coming.

And then he pulled out.

I whimpered pathetically, pushing my ass at him again, wiggling my butt to beg for his dick in me again.

"I had this great idea," he gasped, massaging my ass with his hands as a way to keep me from climbing up. He looked over to Mike, who was hard again. "Why don't we fuck her at the same time?" I looked up. Mike was thinking about it, stroking his cock still wet from my throat.

"Dibs on pussy?" Mike tried hopefully.

"Not a chance," Dave shot him down. "My idea. I get the pussy. You get the ass." 

I just nodded to forestall any argument or questions. I loved anal too. I pointed to the bottle of oil I had rubbed onto my tits and Mike grabbed it, lubing up his cock. He passed the bottle to Dave, who squirted some on my asshole. He poked at the hole with his finger, adding a little more lube, and started working at the tight ring. A finger slipped in, then two.

"Hey Mike, check it out." Dave beckoned the blonde over as he pried open my ass with two fingers. "That's fuckin' hot."

"Hurry up man." Mike urged.

Dave moved me so that I was over him, Mike over me. Mike went first, starting to enter my ass as soon as I stopped moving too much. I could feel the fat head of his cock pressing against the ring of my asshole. I moaned and arched my back. Dave spread my ass cheeks with his hands and I pulled at my nipples, pinching hard as Mike finally slid in. The blonde groaned in ecstasy, starting to pump in and out immediately. 

Dave reached down, releasing my ass, and fingered my clit quickly. He pushed his dick into my wet hole fast and hard. It was just the way he fucked. He pushed up and Dave pushed down, pressing me between them as their cocks slid in, then they pulled back at the same moment, thrusting in tandem. 

I loved it.

I'd never done it before, but I decided that getting it in both holes was definitely the way to go from now on. It'd have to be double or nothing with all my dates.

They started to alternate their rhythms and I lost all train of thought. All that existed was the sensations of their cocks pushing into me, their balls slapping against my flesh, the way I squeezed my nipples. 

My orgasm came so fast that it caught me by surprise, I cried out, gasping and writhing at the force of the amazing thing sweeping over my body. Mike slammed into my ass, pulling out and plunging in again, the force pushed me harder onto Dave. His cock was burying itself to the end of me over and over, the tip of him bumping my cervix in pleasurable waves. My clit ground against his skin every time Mike's thrust pushed us together. 

I came again before Mike let loose inside me, causing me to cum again. I almost couldn't breathe, letting out a strangled cry when Dave shot his load inside my pussy, spreading hot warmth that set me off again. 

We collapsed, the guys still inside me. Mike moaned and started to pull out. I came again, moaning and writhing. They were still half hard, like teenagers. They smiled at one another over my head and pumped together a few times. I was moaning in half sobs as I came again and again and again. 

They both spurted inside me a second time, pretty much simultaneously, and slipped out of me. I collapsed onto the bed; little orgasmic aftershocks making my limbs quake slightly every few moments. They stretched out to either side of me, panting as hard as I was.

"So," Dave managed to speak after a couple failed attempts. "What are you doing tomorrow?"

"Hopefully," I, managed between gasps, "You two."