 Edited by luvtaread

The next night the four lovers sat in the chairs on their deck enjoying another gorgeous tropical night. When discussion turned to the promised story Brandon was again selected to tell the tale.

"Well, as you all know the real tale began here on this island where I first met the elusive Missy. Since that fateful encounter Missy and I would have several more run-ins, particularly whenever Mel was stressed. This of course gave rise to the little office game that she and I loved so much. However, one night Mel came to me with a request for help..."

It was a rainy Tuesday when Brandon got a strange visit from Mel.

"Mel, what a surprise, what are you doing here?"

"I thought about what you said Brandon and you're right. After what happened in Boston I can't justify not seeking help any longer." Brandon nodded in understanding. The previous Saturday Mel's father had crashed the family picnic and gotten Mel so riled up that she had chosen beating up her dad over saving Leah. The experience had been a wake up to both Brandon and Mel to the necessity of her conquering the Missy persona that had plagued her since she was a teenager.

"Glad to hear it," Brandon said "How can I help?

"I need to tell Katy and Ashley, before I seek help, I want them to know why."

"And you want my help in breaking the news?" Mel nodded.

"You're the only one who knows and can show them. I hate to ask but..." she said softly before trailing off.

"I understand," Brandon said, "When do you want to do this?"

"Friday."

"Okay, then we better get going."

Over the next hour Brandon and Mel planned out the details. The first obstacle was the kids. Since this required all four adults to be present all five children would have to be out of the house. It turned out it was already handled and as usual Brandon was the last to find out. Day to day things like that always eluded him, an occupational hazard of his family situation. Quite frequently the three moms would get together and forget to tell him something. Not that he minded it just got a little annoying at times to be so out of the loop.

Regardless with the biggest obstacle handled they began to plan things out. That Friday with the girls gone to a sleep over and the twins at his parents all four enjoyed a night out together. When it was over though Brandon and Mel readied their little surprise. After confirming with Mel one last time to make sure she wanted to do this he began.

Looking at Ashley and Katy as Mel left the room he said, "There's been a bit of a change of plans for tonight. Mel and I have prepared something special. Let me just say that before you go in there I need you to promise that whatever you see in there you will not get upset. There will be time to discuss after we have shown you what needs to be seen. I only ask this because it is really hard for Mel to show you this side of her."

The other two looked at each other exchanging a knowing look and Katy asked, "Are we going to see Missy tonight?" Brandon was floored.

"How?" He asked.

"Did I know about Missy?" Katy asked, "Brandon, Mel and I have been together for seventeen years, you didn't think in all that time I didn't find out about her little secret?" Brandon just stared stunned and Ashley giggled a bit.

"Darling looks like you underestimated Katy again." She said, "And me for that matter."

"Okay how long have you two known and why in gods name would you let Mel destroy herself like that all these years?" Brandon asked when he got over the shock.

"As for how long we've known, I knew in college it wasn't had to figure out though she was good at hiding it I knew when she was getting male attention. One night I was able to get to one of her partners right after and he spilled everything. As for Ashley I told her about the time when we started working to get you and Mel together. I knew Missy was the key. 

"As for destroying herself I hardly think it is. I mean sexual repression is bad, but that's why I had us move out here. No offense Brandon, but I can get my needs met elsewhere if need be." Then after a pause added, "Though I vastly prefer you and am eternally grateful for Kara and I meant every word I said before your honeymoon baby. The point is Mel couldn't. She needed an outlet for her inner slut. I was waiting for her to tell me when she was ready."

"Inner slut?" Brandon asked a little amused, "is that what you think?"

"Well, yeah the guy I talked to said she became this super slutty girl. I figured that was how she was able to sleep with men. Plus that would counteract her power girl image and help them get aroused."

"Uh-huh." Brandon said with a smile, "Please follow me." Although Brandon could not see them, he knew from experience that the best friends behind him were silently expressing their wonder at what his last comments meant. He led them into the bedroom which Mel had been preparing.

When they reached the room he had Ashley and Katy take a seat. They were both surprised to find Mel dressed in her work clothes. This had been Mel's idea as for some reason her work attire gave Brandon easiest access to Missy probably because of their little game they played so often.

Brandon then sat on the bed facing the other two and had Mel sit on his lap. When she did he immediately began caressing her body and whispering to her trying to coax Missy into the open. After a few minutes he sensed that Mel was fighting it.

"Mel, let go, you wanted this remember," he reminded her while massaging her left tit and pussy, "Come out and play Missy my dear I have people for you to meet." Brandon soon felt the tension leave her and knew that Missy had come out. "Good girl," he whispered to her. 

Then directing her attention to the others he said, "Missy, I'd like you to meet my wife Ashley and Mel's wife Katy, girls this is Missy." They acknowledged each other and Brandon asked, "Now who am I Missy?"

"My Master," she said without hesitation and the look on Katy and Ashley's faces was priceless. He had been right in assuming they had no idea of the full truth about Missy.

"And who is Mel?"

"My mistress," Missy answered again.

"Very good now what do you call a wife of your Master or Mistress?"

"Um a Mistress?"

"Very good slut so Ashley and Katy are your new Mistresses. Is that understood?"

"Yes Master." Missy said.

"Good now speaking of Mistresses I think you are upsetting two right now. As I don't think Mel appreciates you dripping juices all over her good clothes and I know Katy does not want to clean them. Plus, I think you are wearing far too much clothing Missy so strip for us and give your new Mistresses a good show while you're at it."

"Yes Master." Missy said without hesitation and got up and proceeded to give a long striptease while giving Ashley and Katy a lap dance each in the process. Both girls were pleasantly shocked at the turn of events. When she was finished she looked unsure of what to do next.

"She awaits your command ladies, give her an order." With that Missy knelt before the pair awaiting instruction. Ashley and Katy exchanged looks and silently agreed upon something.

"Suck your Master's cock until he cums and then swallow it," Katy commanded. This was a good test because it was something Mel would almost never do willingly even as Missy, she had only done it a few times. Eager to please her new mistresses and happy to service her master Missy crawled over to Brandon and after releasing his cock began sucking.

Brandon revealed in the feeling and after a few minutes of the best blow job he had ever gotten from Missy he came in her mouth. As instructed she swallowed every drop.

Ashley and Katy's next command was to double fuck their new little slave both of them put on a strap-on and went at it. Brandon watched in amazement at the scene of the redhead getting double penetrated by Ashley and Katy.

Halfway through Ashley stopped and had Brandon fuck her while they watched Katy continue fucking Missy. After Brandon came Ashley had Missy lick his cum out of her pussy.

Not long after they all collapsed out of tiredness and fell asleep in each others arms.

"...of course the aftermath of that little incident was not quite as fun." Brandon said finishing the story.

"But it was necessary." Mel said.

"Still you were a little upset," Ashley said, "Come to think of it so was Katy."

They all remembered the fighting that had ensued once everyone was in their right minds. Despite her promise Katy was a little upset at Mel and Brandon for not revealing the nature of Missy.

"It all worked out though. As mad as I was it was good to be the dominant one every so often after that. Learning the truth about Missy really helped our sex life." Katy said with a smile.

"As if it needed it." Brandon joked.

"It changed mine and Brandon's for the better too. I remember that business trip in the post-Missy era where it was actually he and I. That night was rather magical in its own way." Mel said wistfully.

"Yes it was," Brandon agreed, "and a good story for tomorrow I think."