 Edited by luvtaread

*

"As we all know Katy and Mel used to play a little game in the city called 'break the jerk.' The rules of the game were simple, using Katy as bait they would lure a jerk, usually the biggest womanizer in the place, and take him home. Once there they would turn the tables on him."

"Oh come on Brandon you make us sound like complete bitches, we scouted out the place first and made sure we only did this to a guy who really deserved it." Mel said.

"Yes that is quite true, but can I tell the story?" Brandon asked and Mel nodded.

"Thank you, as I was saying they played the game often especially when in the city. On this particular instance I had dropped into the apartment after a late meeting to get some rest before heading home. I was lying on the bed in the guest room when I heard noises..."

Brandon heard the key turn in the lock and the door open as the group entered. It was not that Katy and Mel were home that alarmed him it was the fact that there was someone with them, an apparently male someone from the sound of the insults being hurled at the stranger.

Brandon immediately realized that he was an accidental witness to the infamous 'break the jerk' game these two liked to play. Although he had heard about it he had never seen it, preferring to stay away from the pair when they got this anti-male.

"This is going to be interesting," Brandon thought to himself.

Brandon heard as tonight's contestant was led to the master bedroom before apparently being stripped and restrained. Brandon then listened as Katy and Mel whipped the man while hurtling more insults at the restrained man. They then left the room telling the man they would return and to be a good boy until they did.

Then the door to the guest room opened and Katy entered smiling with Mel right behind her. They were laughing about something to themselves when Katy spotted Brandon. Mel too spotted him moments later and shutting the door behind them they joined him on the bed.

"Brandon, what are you doing here?" Katy asked

"I, uh, needed to rest before heading home." He said surprisingly nervous.

"Aw." Katy said with a smile seemingly noticing his nerves, "Look Mel I think he's a little frightened." She added as she cuddled up next to him.

"I think so too honey. Which means that the prick in the next room has got to be terrified." Mel said snuggling up to Brandon's other side.

"But you shouldn't be baby," Katy said to him with a kiss.

"Yes, we wouldn't do that to the future father of our babies." Mel said also kissing him.

Brandon now significantly relieved put his arms around the sexily dressed pair and hugged them closer, "Thanks ladies I know I should know better, but there is a reason I have been avoiding you while you play this game."

"We know," Katy said, "But enough about the jerk. Tell us about your day," she said resting her head on his shoulder.

He vented to the pair for the next few minutes. As he spoke he could not resist fondling the pair a little bit. Especially given how much Katy's big tits were on display. Not long after Brandon felt a hand massaging his cock. Soon the conversation faded away and the trio was stripping off each other's clothes.

Once they were naked Katy lay down on the bed and spread her legs for Brandon. He immediately stuffed his hard cock into her wet pussy. Katy would have moaned loudly at this but at that moment Mel's pussy descended onto the blonde's mouth.

Katy's tongue work was faster than Brandon's fucking because not long after Mel had her orgasm. As Brandon continued fucking Katy, Mel got up, gave Katy a kiss, then went to the closet. Brandon then watched in fascination as the red-head went into the closet and pulled out and put on a leather dominatrix outfit. She then went to the dresser and extracted a large strap-on which she also put on.

"She looks good doesn't she?" Katy asked between moans of pleasure and Brandon just nodded as Mel walked over to the bed. 

"Thanks," she said smiling at the compliment before giving each a kiss. "Now you two play nice I have to go punish a very naughty boy."

With that she left and Brandon and Katy listened to her having her way with the man next door while Brandon continued to thrust in and out of Katy. Not long after Katy came Brandon followed, filling her pussy with his cum.

When he had pulled out and she had recovered Katy smiled wickedly.

"What?' Brandon asked.

"Oh nothing I just think our naughty boy could use a snack and I know just the thing." She said looking down at her cum filled hole. Brandon smiled too.

"Katy you wouldn't."

"Normally, probably not, but this one is a real piece of work." Katy said rising from the bed. Before she left she added, "Wait a few minutes then come in and fuck Mel."

Brandon was confused at this but happily complied. As he entered Katy had the man's face buried in her cum filled twat While Mel vigorously fucked him up the ass. When she was finished she pulled out and moving the strap-on aside allowed Brandon to fuck her.

While he fucked her she was sure to moan about a real man's cock. Over the next hour the trio tortured the man before sending him packing with a warning about womanizing any further.

"Well that was fun." Mel said after.

"Yeah and having Brandon really helped, nothing like being shown up in front of another man to crush a jerk."

"Well glad to be of help to the nice girls of the world, but I must be going. My own sweetie awaits."

"...After that you all know the rest."

"That game reminded me of the present we gave Katy for her birthday during our first stay here." Ashley said.

"And of another of my favorite games," Brandon said, "Naughty teacher what so you say we do that one next?"

The three ladies agreed.