 "What do you think of him?" Ed whispered across the table to Carla as he nodded in the direction of a man sitting up at the bar. The couple had been exclusively dating for a few weeks now. Ed had been telling Carla of his fantasy of having another man join their bed for a few weeks now. He wanted her to experience all the sexual pleasure there was possible and he thought having another male help to make love to her would satisfy her beyond her dreams. He knew one of those dreams involved a threesome with her in the middle. 

They were sitting in the lounge of the hotel in which he booked a suite for them every week. Carla had finally gotten up the courage to go through with the idea of sharing their bed and tonight they were looking for a likely candidate to join them for the threesome.

Carla glanced over her shoulder and turned to look at the man at the bar. She broke out in a sly smile. "He's really cute Ed, but he's probably an American here on business and not interested in a middle aged woman like me." 

"Oh yeah?" Ed continued quietly. "That's not stopping him from checking you out. When you got up to go to the washroom he watched you every step of the way!" 

"Oh go on Ed!" She blushed and grinned as she sipped her drink. "You're just teasing me!"

"No I'm not. Go walk to the other side of the room and pretend you are looking for something and you'll see what I'm talking about." 

"Okay, I'll just do that," with that Carla stood up, smoothed down her jeans and putting a little extra wiggle in her walk in her new high heels she made her way across the darkened room. As she passed the bar, she smiled at the American. He winked back. As she brushed past him, she whispered, "He caught you looking at me." 

Don whispered back, "Am I in trouble or am I in then?"

She looked down as she slowly walked by. He had a very obvious hard-on going on in his pants. "Have you been hard the whole time since we did it this afternoon?" 

"Fortunately no, that would have been embarrassing. But I did get hard immediately after getting in my car to come here. I'm sure glad the lights are very low in the bar." He winked at her.

Carla stifled a giggle and picked up her pace to walk on to the entrance to the lounge. There she made a show of bending over to adjust the strap on her shoe, displaying her ass, snug in her jeans for both men. Even in the shadows both Ed and Don individually knew how wonderful that shapely ass looked and felt. After several seconds, she walked around the other way back to their table, smiling as she watched Ed alternately look at her and then behind her at Don on his barstool. She knew by this time he was making it very obvious he was ogling her ass. 

"You're right!" Carla whispered with a smile as she sat down. "He is looking at me and up close he is even cuter! Do you really think he would want me?"

"Of course he would! The guy obviously has the hots for you! I bet he'd be easy to talk into a little fun if we could only figure out a way to meet him."

"I don't know, you think he'd come all this way to have it with a couple of middle-aged Canadians, when he could probably find some sexy twenty-something anywhere in this hotel?" 

"For whatever reason, that guy is hot for you, Carla. I bet he'd practically do you in the elevator if you gave him the chance. I can just tell by the look on his face."

"So, if I told you I'd love to be with him, you'd be okay with him?"

"Hearing you say it that way turns me on as much as I think your ogling would-be lover is already. So why don't we find out and change our fantasy into reality. Here he is in a bar in a strange city, most likely where no one knows him, so I'd say both he and the both of us would never have a better opportunity." Ed leaned in and whispered in Carla's ear. "Besides, I'm getting a raging boner imagining him with you. So let's strike while the iron is hot." 

"What the hell, if you're game." Carla took a gulp of her drink. "So who's gonna go ask him if he'd like to join us?" 

"I'll go invite him over for a drink and we'll see what happens, okay?" 

Carla looked over at Don, grinned and then looked back at Ed. "Okay let's do it." 

Ed took another healthy swig of his scotch and got up from his chair. He headed towards the bar. 

"Excuse me," he came up behind Don.

Don looked up at the large man, but didn't say a word, just sipped his drink.

"My girlfriend and I were wondering if we could buy you a drink." He looked back and nodded toward Carla. 

Don sipped his drink some more and nonchalantly stared over the rim of his glass, past Ed to Carla. She lifted her hand from the table in a subtle sort of wave. 

"My name's Ed by the way. Where are you from?" He asked and held out this hand.

Don saw Carla wink back at him. He put his glass on the bar and reached out to shake Ed's hand. "The name's Don and I'm from Virginia."

"Hi Don." Ed signaled the bartender. "Another one of these for the gentleman here and another round for us at the table over there."

The two men headed back to join Carla. Don and Carla smiled warmly at each other as the men sat down.

"Carla, this is Don. Don this is Carla." 

"Hi Carla. Appreciate the invitation to join you two." Don sat on the other side of Carla from Ed, getting close but not too close to appear obvious. 

After a couple of more drinks and some casual chatting it was nearly ten o'clock. 

While they were finishing their latest round Carla reached over and rubbed Ed's cock through his pants with little subtlety. She looked at Don while doing it and smiled. She knew he knew what she was doing, but the idea she was doing it mostly in public made it that much more exciting for them both. In fact, when she reached her other hand out under the table to him she could feel his cock filled with a strong desire of its own. She rubbed both cocks, until they were stiff, as stiff as they could be in the confines of their pants. She almost couldn't believe what she was doing, sitting there rubbing not one, but two men's cocks under the table, in a bar even. 

Carla was getting wet thinking about having both of them, all over and inside her. With that she spread her legs a little. Both men got the hint and started rubbing the thigh nearest them. Each hand moved closer to her wet pussy inside her jeans. Both could feel her damp heat through the denim material. 

"Hmmm, nice and wet as usual I bet." Don commented and added with a sly smile, "As much as the three of us have had to drink tonight, if you're not careful we'll take you up to a hotel room and then both of us will lick you up." 

"Don't tease me if you don't mean to carry through with it." Carla calmly warned with a playful smile.

"Uh, what is going on here?" Ed looked at Don first and then with a very inquisitive stare turned his gaze to Carla. 

It was finally time for Carla to confess. "Ed, I have something I need to tell you before we go any further." Her words slowed her lover's hand, Ed's, not Don's. "Don and I have met before." 

Ed raised his eyebrow and got a crooked grin on his face. "Something was telling me you two were pretty comfortable carrying on like this for being perfect strangers."

"Yes, well, we originally met on the Internet." Carla still rubbed her hands up and down both men's pants, enjoying the power she had to create such wonderful bulges. "It started last year and at first we enjoyed sharing our writing with one another, but then we became more social via chat and yes, eventually it became sexual. We even referred to it as a 'writing buddy relationship with on-line benefits', but really we've grown to be very special friends."

Ed looked over at Don, who smiled back and in unison they both moaned as Carla squeezed their erections.

"Over the course of a few months, we made plans to meet in person. We met in Las Vegas a few months back and then again out in Washington State several weeks ago."

At that last, Ed began to rear back. 

Carla stopped his hand and pushed it back closer to her warm crotch. "That last rendezvous was long before you and I met, dear." She saw Ed's questioning stare look from Don back into hers and soften. His hand eagerly went back to teasing and squeezing her thigh. 

"Anyway, Don and I were really hot for each other back then and we discovered we both had the same fantasies we wanted to fulfill. In fact, that last time together we joked about a threesome, more so with his wife, and more to get her out of her sexual shell. But we also new that would never happen, at least I don't expect it to ever happen." She watched as both men looked at her now as they raised their drink glasses nearly simultaneously and took generous gulps; Ed more out of trying to calm him concerns, Don more so out of trying to get past thinking about her comment about his wife. "Secretly though I had always had a desire to be with two men. Then you suggested we have a threesome with another man and I saw the possibility to fulfill all of our fantasies. I mentioned it to Don one night while we chatted about this story we were collaborating on. I wasn't totally surprised when Don was more than willing to join us if you were willing to share me. For one thing he said anytime with me, shared or not was better than not having me at all." She licked her lips and winked at Don. 

Don took another swallow of his drink, winked back and added, "Yea, when Carla told me about what you suggested I got really excited about the possibility mostly because I could sense the sexual electricity running through her body even from the other end of our on-line chat." He paused for a moment as Carla's fingers ran down over his swelling cockhead through his jeans. He took a huge breath and then continued. "The truth is if given the opportunity every red-blooded American man would jump at the chance to be the extra guy in a female-centered threesome and especially with someone like Carla." He looked at his friend and writing buddy and winked again.

Carla grinned, pursed her lips and gave him another firm squeeze. Then she looked over at Ed. "So, originally I decided I would approach you with the idea and see what you thought about having Don be the one to join us. But then I realized part of the whole experience was the excitement of being with a stranger and I didn't want to cheat you of that part. So I changed the plan on my own and didn't tell Don until he arrived yesterday that we were going to keep our relationship a secret until we actually consummated the deal." 

"So, I guess it's on then?" Ed looked at his lover and winked himself.

"Mmmm, well, I'm looking forward to the opportunity to experience the cocks, tongues and hands of two different guys simultaneously making love to me." Both men watched her lick her lips seductively and they separately, but in tandem twitched in their pants under her palms. 

"So, what do you say we take this up to our hotel suite then?" Ed leaned in and kissed Carla on the cheek and then looked over at Don. "I'm sure we'd be a lot more comfortable there." 

"That's a good idea," Don replied. "But first I want to make sure I'm not misreading this. You're okay with me making love to Carla again, right?" 

Carla's face turned bright red as she released the men's cocks and reached for her glass. Hearing Don speak out loud that both of them would be making love to her made it so real without even being naked yet. 

"It's really up to Carla," Ed returned not flinching or hesitating as he looked at Carla.

"If it's okay with you both, I think we should go upstairs and let happen what will happen." Carla licked her lips even more seductively this time before swallowing down the last of her drink in one huge swallow. 

"Whatever you say, My Lady, lead the way." Don said as he rose from his chair.

Carla walked both men out of the lounge, a hand of theirs in each of hers. 

* * * *

Don licked at her right breast as Ed began licking at her left leaving Carla with a blissful smile on her face. They simultaneously locked their mouths over her breasts, taking the erect nipples between their lips. They both suckled her and she obviously enjoyed it as her moans echoed off the hotel suite walls. Her nipples had become impossibly erect as she arched her back to meet the eager loving of two warm male mouths. 

After several moments, Don eased back and looked over at her boyfriend, "Maybe one of us should see how wet we've gotten her down below, what do you think Ed?"

"Be my guest." Ed paused briefly before going back to devouring Carla's breast.

Don kissed her hard nipple once more before proceeding to lick and kiss his way down her body. He came to the waistband of her jeans and nibbled at the button before he eased back and loosened it, then unzipped them. To his wonderful surprise he found Carla wearing his favorite color underwear. As she finished wriggling out of her pants he also found those pretty peachy pink panties were nice and damp. 

He smiled to himself, 'When was she not hot and ready?' He kissed her there at the cleft of her sexy legs. After another nibble or two of her even damper underwear he reached for the waistband and slipped them down off her hips. With a grin on his face he threw her panties on the bed and gazed upon the sight of her very trimmed sex. It never ceased to amaze him at how delicious and erotic her nearly bare womanhood looked. He leaned in and began to lick her slowly. He at first tried to lick around her pubis with only his extended tongue without her juices getting all over his face. Once he had licked all he could from around the outer lips he positioned himself at the foot of the bed and took her feet sliding them towards her bottom so that her knees were pointing at the ceiling. He then spread them apart by a comfortable distance so that Carla's pussy was fully exposed.

Don paused, licked his lips in anticipation, then lowered his mouth back to her sex and started probing with his tongue again, this time searching a bit deeper between her glistening wet outer lips. 

Carla eased back into the bed, closed her eyes and enjoyed the expertise of her friend's tongue. 

"Oh geez, Ed, I'm such a lucky woman," Carla gasped as she acknowledged her boyfriend's presence as he continued to suckle at her breast. "Don here gives outstanding oral, baby. Oh, damn does he give it good, mmmmm."

Don groaned into her wet sex as he slipped his tongue up and down her slit. 

Carla's head tilted back and ever increasingly louder moans escaped her lips.

Ed stopped making love to Carla breasts and took a moment to rip off his own shirt and stumble out of his pants. No sooner had he dropped his underwear than he sat back down next to his girlfriend and immediately began to stroke his hard cock. Watching Don work on his lover's pussy, Ed masturbated until his pre-cum slimed his hand.

Carla lifted her head and smiled down at her friend's relentless assault on her 'girl'. He was flicking her clit in the way he knew she loved. She rolled her eyes back soaking in the intense pleasure. As she averted her eyes they fell on Ed's hand stroking his hard shaft. She looked up at his face and found beads of perspiration already forming on his forehead as his fingers slid up and down his magnificent cock. She grinned up at him.

"Come on baby, come to mama's breast again." She reached out for him. 

Don looked up a moment later and for a second felt jealous when he not only saw Ed madly sucking on Carla's lovely breast but he saw she had taken a firm hold of his cock in her left hand. He couldn't believe the emotions running through him at the sight, his own erection burrowed that much harder into the bed sheets through his pants as he buried his face into her moist 'girl'. He drove his tongue in as far as it would go. Immediately she raised her hips to greet his eager tongue and he pushed his face to her even tighter. As he tongued and sucked on her he got a very familiar reaction. She raised her hips completely off the bed, a sign he knew all too well. He knew she was on her way to orgasm already. 

Don continued his probing and after a couple minutes he raised his head to look up at his lover. He found her smiling broadly down at him, looking between her breasts as Ed voraciously still worked on one. He went back to his task at hand or at his tongue as it were, searching still deeper into her hot and moist pinkness.

As Ed focused on her breasts Don continued lapping up the wetness between Carla's legs. Slowly as he worked his way back up her pubis, he slipped two fingers inside her. He wasn't exactly shocked at how wet she had become already, he had experienced her extreme arousal many times before, but at this point her juices seemed to already pour from her vagina. She was ready for them her body was telling him.

Don raised his eyes again and this time caught a glimpse of another exciting sight. Ed had risen up and now Carla had his erect cock in her left hand rubbing it against the slippery breast he had just nearly devoured. For a brief moment he stared, with another small spate of jealous.

She smiled down at her lover in this developing threesome.

Don sucked her labia until he released it with an audible slurping sound. 

"Oh baby, don't stop! I'm feeling so horny! Keep kissing me down there, please!" Carla almost pleaded as she fell back on the bed, her knees pulled up and apart. 

Both men could smell her arousal.

Don got up and sat next to her on the bed. "I think I'll let Ed get a taste now." He licked his lips and wiped his face with the back of his hand.

"Don't mind if I do." Ed immediately went to the end of the bed and lay down, burying his manly face in her now very wet sex. Carla's fingers wound themselves into his hair, forcing his head more tightly between her thighs. Her lover kissed and licked his way all around her pussy. Carla moaned as she wrapped her thighs around his head. She couldn't believe how excited she was as she looked down at her lover and then up at her good friend who had quickly stripped naked and now taking a turn stroking himself. 

Holding on to her warm ass cheeks, Ed smothered her pussy with more kisses and sucked on her peaked clitoris. He feasted on her even more heartily and noisily than Don had. 

"Oh yeah that feels so good! Oh...oh my! Ed, I'm gonna cum soon!" she cried out.

"Hurry, dude, you'd better do her before she does cum!" Don called out as he stroked his hard shaft. 

It was Ed's turn to abruptly stop this time. He raised his head from between the crux of Carla's sexual core and after wiping his face with the back of his hand, with great agility was over his lover and easing his cock in her in a flash.

Sitting there on the bed, his eyes glued to their union, Don stroked his cock. It was hard as a rock and would have stayed that way even without his manual stimulation, but he couldn't help it, the sight of Carla spreading her legs as wide as she could and taking her lover aroused him in the extreme. He knew he had to wait his turn. He didn't mind; the important thing was that he'd have her again. He watched Ed drive his cock into her hard and fast, yelping with each stroke and eliciting a scream of pleasure from Carla whenever their pelvic bones collided. Her head swayed from side to side as she allowed Ed to take complete control.

It was almost frightening how exciting it was to Don to watch her take another man's cock. He couldn't tear his eyes off her making love to Ed's hard rod. And that's the way he perceived it, her taking him. He watched Ed methodically drive his cock into her, filling her pussy, then work back until just her pink lips sucked around his swollen crown. As he slid his shaft in again Don swore he could actually feel her pussy on him. He had felt that very same sensation many times in the last several months. Only now he could actually see what it truly looked like from a viewer's angle. It was so sexually over the edge and out of control...and he loved it!
