 Fear grips the common man to "measure up" to the expectation of his potential mate. You cannot turn on the television, without seeing the commercial where the couple grins as if they have had one botox treatment too many all because of a miracle "size" drug. It is disappointing to be told by your lover that you are too small, but what if you are too big. Being hung like the proverbial bear is something the majority of the male population doesn't have to worry about. But that worry plagues me daily.

Everyday I sit in my boring office and look aimlessly at my flickering computer screen. As the network administrator for a small company, I get the chance to see the activity on our servers. Viruses come and go, people get salacious e-mails from spammers and significant others, little do they know all the personal business crosses my terminal before they get it. For example, in our finance office we have an accountant that likes to be tied up and covered with butter. This I know only by the pictures he regularly gets of himself in various slippery poses through e-mail. I can't help but want to blurt out "Hey Greasy!" but I digress. People are touchy about there private lives. 

One evening while walking through the office during break I spot an unfamiliar face. Sitting in the far corner cubical a honey blonde beauty pecks away at her keyboard. As I approach she lets out an exasperated sigh and proceeds to hit the escape button on the top of the keyboard. Seeing an opportunity I casually make my way over to her.

"Need some help?" 

She jumped at the sound of my voice. "Help, sure, this computer is locked up...I don't know what I did."

Stepping into her cubical I noticed a mixture of citrus and jasmine filling the air. She immediately rolled back away from the computer and then stood up. I leaned down and looked at her screen. Simple enough, she had too many windows open and running too many programs.

"Well looks like you crashed the whole network," I said looking directly into the monitor. I could hear a gasp standing behind me "Not the whole network, it's my first day. Shit..." 

"Yeah, well you are not the first to do it. Lucky for you, I am the computer guru." I turned slowly and to my surprise found a gorgeous woman with her hands on her hips rocking back and forth. "What do you mean guru?"

"I mean as in computer guy, tech support or just geek boy, take your pick." Then after a couple of keystrokes and a few mouse clicks. The terminal was un-goofed. With a flourish I pointed to her computer and proceeded to walk back to my office.

"Let me guess, you are Paul Sellers Network Administrator." She said meekly.

Stopping in mid stride, I turned around and asked "Yes, and you are-"

"Ms. Chandler, your new boss"

Well, I tried to scare the new supervisor and made a total prick out of myself. There was nothing left to do, but hang my head in shame go back to work. That was the start of a strange adventure. 

***

Normally I would complain about how boring work was, but ever since Margaret, excuse me Ms. Chandler arrived there has been a new sense of wonder and fear. During her first week alone she fired six people and quickly made a name for herself, as M.C. Hatchet. Seeing I wasn't afraid of her, Hatchet often stopped by my office to chat. It was usually a polite conversation about company policy or company ethics. Boring as usual

One morning in particular Margaret asked me to come to her office. My co-workers dropped their heads as I passed cubicle after cubicle, a tale-tale sign that trouble was waiting for me in her office. Didn't matter though, if worse came to worse I would just take one of the last ten job offers. Computer geeks were in style. Turning at the end of the hallway, I noticed her office door was closed. Knocking softly, I heard her voice from the inside, "Come in"

The room had the familiar sent of jasmine but there was something else mingled with that fragrance. I couldn't rightly put my finger on it. 

"You rang ma'am?" I said sarcastically 

"Paul have you been scanning employee emails?"

"Of course, that is my job"

"Ok, tell me what do you do when you have attachments?" She pointed to a chair directly in front of her desk. Sitting down I noticed a small black remote on top of her desk. Then it hit me, remote, odor...vibrating clam. "The hatchet lady is a freak!" I thought. Leaning forward in my chair all while keeping a straight face I said, "All attachments are scanned to protect the network from any viruses sent on purpose or by accident."

I had to get that remote, so as I was talking I turned one of her pictures around.

"Beautiful child, yours?"

"No, that's Ester my niece" Chandler replied

Reaching past her collection of pictures, pretty frames and goofy little plastic dolls, I whisked the small black remote off of the desk.

"Ms. Chandler, all electronic items brought in are supposed to be approved by me. What is this?" I asked holding the remote up in front of my face. "We have to protect all company information, that includes any device that might be used to pilfer files. It's in your hand book." 

Margaret shifted uncomfortably in her chair; her face began to redden slightly as she tried to reach for the remote. But it was to late the sex gadget was mine. Leaning back in my chair and crossing my legs I studied the "rouge electronic device". Pressing the button I could hear a whirl resound softly under the desk. I raised my head slowly to see the badass hatchet woman flush and bite her bottom lip. 

"What does this do?" I asked inquisitively, looking around the room knowing full well the clam was strapped between her legs.

"Just hand it baaa..." her voice trailed off as I stroked the button again. I could see her nipples rise through the sheer fabric of her yellow blouse. She began to lick her full lips and take short breaths. Seeing an opportunity, I stood up stretching while pointing my arms high above my head, letting my plump member strain against the front of my pants, and then I punched the remote again. 

"Oh God" Margaret whispered "Please give it to me"

I walked around in her office with my back to her holding the remote up to the florescent light, trying to read imaginary numbers or an imaginary trademark. The smell of her sex and jasmine filled the room, as I sensually harassed her. When I turned around Margaret was panting, her eyes had become glassy and she was gripping the edge of her desk. I walked around to the side of her chair; the entire scene made my 10 inches agonizingly erect and strain furiously against my starched khaki pants. I pressed the remote once more. Margaret looked at what hung before her face and knew, I knew. 

"Finish what you started, go ahead," she muttered.

Hatchet girl then pulled at the bronze tab that held my fly shut. She reached greedily into the front of my pants, pulling at my trapped penis. With her left hand she held onto the thick tool and the right she cupped my sack, she then placed her hot mouth around my member and began to slowly take it to the back of her throat, deeper, deeper. Margaret didn't gag as she deep throated me. Pressing the remote again, I summoned a strangled moan from her throat, as she licked my balls with her serpent like tongue. 

There was a porno going on in her office and I was glad to be a part of it, until a strong knock corrupted the entire scene as if someone yelled, "Cut!" Pulling out of her mouth and quickly stuffing my aching penis back into my pants I trotted around her desk to the office door. I looked back over my shoulder to get an approving nod from Margaret. Brushing her hair back out of her flushed face and spraying air freshener she gave the go ahead. I opened the door to a confused Angela Miller our Vice President, standing in the doorway.

"Paul, remember an oral warning is the first step to termination" Margaret spoke.

Sensing my cue to escape, I pushed past the V.P without speaking and walked slowly back down the hallway to my office. I was totally blown away, no woman has ever deep throated me, and I have never done anything remotely sexual at work. As I turned the corner to my office I noticed two things, one my fly was wide open and I still had the remote.

***

Can you believe Ms. Hatchet walked around for a full week after our impromptu rendezvous without even acknowledging my presence? Watching her from my office I noticed how she avoided coming close to my door, as if a large spider loomed the opening. Often I would sit and just look in her direction, just to get her blushing. She remembered the event and I couldn't forget the deep throat action. But I guess she wanted to maintain a working relationship, far from the prying eyes of Human Resources and the resident V.P. 

Margaret was officially introduced to the management team, during our weekly meeting. She sat to my right at the end of the long conference table. As President Betts talked, I couldn't help but finger the small black round remote. The smooth covering made my fingertips tingle as I caressed the automatic pleasure maker, knowing what could be potentially attached to the other end of the invisible leash. We all listened to each other's reports. It was the typical morning go-get-them-and-make-a-lot-of-money rhetoric. When the meeting ended, I sat in my chair and took deep breaths thus calming the monster between my legs. Hell I was hornier than I had ever been, and the remote was not helping. Then it happened. 

"Excuse me, I am looking for something that belongs to me. Can you help me find it?" Turning around I noticed Margaret standing behind me. I reached in my pocket without speaking and pulled out the black remote. 

"That's not it" She spat, then reached over my right shoulder and grabbed me hard in the crotch. "Yep, I think I found it, bring it by 2039 Chelsea Ave, say 9-ish"

Needless to say I couldn't catch my breath, I just sat there stunned as she walked out of the conference room, smoothing her skirt down over ample hips, giggling. She had won this round, because I was taken aback.

After the conference room grope my day seemed to slow to a fucking crawl. The clock on my computer seemed running in reverse. I tried to keep busy, but as my luck would have it the network was fine and there were no computers in distress. Sitting at my desk, I decided to look at incoming emails, just to have something to do. There sitting in my own inbox was a message from Margaret. It simply said: Bring the remote with you. Now I was being taunted and the clock only read 2:20pm. "Shit, it's going to be a long day," I muttered under my breath.

After all was said and done. After all of the computers were shut off, and I got the daily report printed out. It was time to go home. The wall clock read exactly 6:15. I rarely got out of the office before 7:00pm, so I must have been flying. Gathering up my things, I noticed that the V.P. was still at her desk; hurriedly I walked past her office door. Praying she wouldn't call my name. When I made it to the end of the hallway, I pressed for the down elevator and stood there rocking with anticipation. The bell of an awaiting elevator was a welcomed sound as I stepped inside and contemplated what was going to happen this evening. 

When I arrived at my apartment, I had several job offers on my voice mail from various companies. I quickly ran upstairs turned on the shower and pulled some clothes out of the closet as I played my messages. After showering and pulling on some clean clothes I made my way back downstairs. It was already 7:45 and I still had to find the address.

After driving around town for nearly an hour and a half, then almost getting lost. I finally found Margaret's small house nestled at the end of a secluded drive. As I pulled up I noticed most of the lights were on in the house. I parked in her drive way and walked up to her front door. What happened next took my breath away, when the door opened there stood the V.P. I left sitting at her desk earlier. 

"Angela, what are you-"

"Paul you were hiding all that huh" she interrupted, and then pointed at my crotch.

I didn't know what to say; I felt my face blush as the cat was let out of the bag.

"It a secret, not a work item."

"Well come right in, I love secrets."

Angela opened the door wider as I stepped across the threshold then closed it behind me and there on the couch was Margaret sitting in a blue satin gown. She looked freshly showered and was bare of makeup.

"I am here Margaret, and I brought your lost item."

She smiled coyly, rose from the couch and made her way over to where I was standing. Margaret then kneeled down in front of me and unzipped my fly. The sudden gush of cool air, followed by her warm hand made me stand at attention fast.

"Damn, computer boy. You got a hammer of a dick," Angela gasped

Not missing a beat Margaret slipped the purple head into her wide mouth and began to make circles with her tongue. I pulled the remote from my top pocket, not knowing what was going to happen next and pressed the button. This time the soft hum came from Angela instead of my oral expert. 

"Oh shit, I was wondering where that remote was" Angela whispered.

Margaret however concentrated on my long thick shaft and balls as she took me deeply into her throat and fondled my sensitive package. I could feel my toes curl in my sandals as her head bobbed back and forth slowly, without mercy. 

Angela began to fondle Margaret's breast through her thin gown, as she worked her mouth magic. I watched as the V.P. rubbed and kneaded Margaret's nipples and slid her hands down between her own legs. The blowjob made my knees weak as the hatchet woman worked her mouth and tongue at the same time, impervious to the size of my dick. I grabbed a handful of her dark hair and pulled her closely to my crotch, she swallowed me even deeper. The intensity of the wetness of her mouth and suction combined made my sack tighten up, as I prepared to empty my semen deep into her throat. Sensing this, Margaret removed my penis from her expert mouth and squeezed me tightly at the base 

"I could taste the precum, Paul. You weren't going to let a little ole blowjob take you out of the game were you?" Her eyes burned as she looked up at me.

"No" I gasped as the sensation passed "I am in it to win it"

"Good, because you got double duty tonight"

I stepped back from Margaret and helped her up off of the floor. She grabbed me by the right hand and Angela grabbed me by the left hand. They both lead me to a bedroom in the back of the house, where they quickly stripped me bare before undressing themselves. Lying back on the king sized bed I watched as the V.P. began to suck at Margaret's breast hungrily. The whole scene was surreal, the women I worked with were teasing and tasting each other. As the hatchet lady lie back on the bed beside me, I fondled her still wet breast as Angela began to explore the folds of Margaret's sex. The slurping sounds coming from between Margaret's legs were turning me on even stronger than before. 

I reached down and caressed Angela's chestnut brown hair and moved her head slowly as she pleasured Margaret with her mouth. Reaching across the bed I turned on the nightstand lamp to get a full view of what was sure to be my only threesome in my lifetime. I didn't want to miss a thing. The soft light illuminated the room in a sensual glow. I could see the cleft of Angela's ass and the back of her head as she sucked, licked and probed with her tongue the very recesses of Margaret's moistness. 

I slowly climbed off of the bed and walked around to the back of Angela who was on splayed on top of the comforter and pulled her hips up so that her ass was puckered high in the air. Placing my hands between her legs I liberated some of her musky wetness and covered the head of my aching penis with it. Then I pushed her plentiful buttocks up and apart, exposing her moisten slit. With a slow motion I teased her thick moist outer lips with the tip of my penis as she rocked back and forth, then I pushed against her rocking letting her feel my large head enter her wetness. Angela stopped eating Margaret as my purple helmet entered her and gasped,

"Shit, a little at a time please."

"Come on boss lady, can't you handle a little dick" I replied

She pushed back harder making me go deeper into her snatch. I could hear her moan as I dipped and wiggled into her box, forcing her hips back into my pelvis. I could feel her muscles contract as she tried to stop me from hitting "bottom". Too late, I was already there.

"Oh, my Go..." Angela's words trailed off as she tried to pull away from my thick tool. She began to buck and shudder as her first orgasm whipped her into a frenzy. 

Holding onto her ass for dear life as she bucked and bounced I pushed her face back into Margaret's sex, where she gobbled and licked as I continued fucking her from the back. Minuets passed as I tormented the V.P., you could call it a pay back of sorts. After her second orgasm she collapsed between Margaret's thighs covered in sweat. 

Margaret flipped Angela off of her and slid to the edge of the bed. She took me into her mouth and began to savor the juices at the end of my tool. Sliding back onto the bed, Margaret lay back and lifted her legs back into her chest, flatting her breast and exposing her shaven pussy to me. Calmly I crawled up to her and placed my hands firmly beside her head supporting my weight on my arms. Then I let my dick slowly trace the outside of her sex and with out warning plunged it deep into her. Margaret took it like a professional, she held her legs high as I pushed and plowed my way into her body. Her juices mingled with my penis as I quickly dropped down onto of her and pulled away slowly. 

"Come on computer boy, I know you can do better than that" She spat

I pulled out of her and then stuck my hot tongue in the place of my dick. She gasped as the slippery warmth of my tongue replaced the pressure of my dick. I then turned her over and spreading her cheeks, I licked from the top of her womanly cleft to the nub that gives all women pleasure. It was then I felt my own ass cheeks spread and a tongue caress my "forbidden zone"; a strange sensation shot up my back as Angela's tongue walked its way into my dank spot. Pulling away from Angela's tortuous mouth, I then grabbed the base of my dick and pressed deep into Margaret's love from the back. Pumping slowly at first, I let her get used to the feeling of fullness. Then turning up the heat, I pulled back and then shot forward. The sound of my pelvis slapping her ass filled the room as I continued to dig deeper into her.

"Shit, Paul..." She panted, as he pushed her head into a pillow. "Oh, damn I'm bout to come" 

I continued on my mission to make her statement true. The room began to spin and I became lightheaded. Margaret pumped against my dick with all she had. 

"Ooooh! Mama like" she crooned, as she jerked and bounced against me. "Mama like" 

I felt myself getting ready to come and began to fuck harder. As I started to feel the familiar tingle of cum leaving my penis, sensing I was close to climax Angela pulled my dick out of Margaret's pussy and placed her lips firmly around the head. The sensation was too much as I spat what seemed like gallons of nut into her mouth. She held her lips firmly around my shaft until the convulsion subsided. Angela then pulled my softening penis out of her mouth crawled to the top of the bed and lovingly shared her mouthful with Margaret. The scene was porno-esque for sure.