 The next time Ami and I met, she had a plan all of her own. This one she didn't tell my husband about. She had a special surprise planned and it was for our enjoyment only.

As I said, Ami is bisexual. A very good friend of hers had already heard about our meetings and had expressed interest in joining us. Ami made arrangements from there.

Ami had called and given me the hotel name and room number along with the time I was to meet her there. Just knowing something new awaited had my body already tingling with anticipation.

When I arrived Ami met me at the door with a long sensual kiss. She threw my bag aside and let her hands roam over my body. Her touch made me moan in pleasure. As she leads me to the bed, she says she has a surprise. We reach the bed and she begins undressing me. I am startled when I feel another set of hands caressing my butt while my skirt begins rising up past my thighs. I see a look of pure lust in Ami's eyes as she begins playing with my naked and very erect nipples.

Another moan escapes as the hands caressing me begin massaging my crotch. A finger slides inside my panties and into my aching hole. The finger slowly moves in and out massaging my walls. All I can do is lean against her as excitement and pleasure consume my body.

I lie down on the bed as two sets of hands begin exploring my body. My nipples are sucked and rubbed as well as my crotch. The woman at my feet slowly removes my panties and gently spreads my legs. I know she can see how turned on I am by the wetness between my legs. Her finger begins its journey in and out of me again as I move my hips to the rhythm letting her know I love the feel of finger fucking me. She spreads my lips and her tongue starts exploring my throbbing clit as her finger continues fucking me. Ami is fondling my breasts then straddles my face exposing her pussy for a little caressing. I grab her hips and pull her down to my face. I am so hot from the treatment her friend is giving me, I start tonguing her clit as a finger circles her backdoor. Ami has taught me well on the art of muff diving and what she likes. Her head falls back as she starts grinding her pussy into my face letting me know I am doing a job. I let out a loud moan as a finger enters my ass. No lube was needed because of all the juices flowing. I now have a tongue on my clit while fucking fingers in my ass and twat. This much attention made me tense up as my orgasm hit like a tidal wave of pleasure. I had to stop eating Ami as I screamed out and my body trembled. Ami's friend didn't let up on my clit until my juice had been licked and I was clean. Ami was so close to her own orgasm from watching, she shoved her pussy in my face begging me to finish her. I began licking her cunt and plunging in and out of her hole so fast and hard within a few minutes her pussy exploded covering my face with her sweetness. I kept licking until her cries died down and she was clean and dry.

Ami climbed off my face and went to her friend for a kiss. She wanted to make sure nothing extra was on her face. As they kissed and played with each others bodies, I got behind them and started rubbing my new friend's ass. She had enjoyed watching Ami and I cum. Her box was so wet, my fingers slid in nice and easy as I began repaying the favor of a pleasurable finger fuck. She got on all fours as I slid two fingers in and out of her. Ami played with her clit then decided to crawl between her legs so Ami's face was straddled. No doubt with two people servicing, it doesn't take long to get off. Ami pulled her friend's pussy to her mouth and slid her tongue from clit to hole before focusing on her clit. As she tongued her clit, I kept fucking her with my fingers and started playing with her asshole. She enjoyed that as much as I did as moans began and she started fucking my hand harder as I got my finger in her ass. She started bucking wildly as she hit her peak. Her body trembled as Ami licked her clean before falling on the bed in exhaustion. 

As we sat back to relax a minute, I could feel the wetness between my legs again from thinking of the things just done. I was ready to get off again. I started rubbing my pussy and moaning as my fingers found my clit. Ami got up and went to her purse. She came back to the bed with a vibrator in hand. That thing went everywhere with her. She turned it on as she ran it over my body before shoving it inside me. I immediately started fucking her toy as I played with my clit. I have come to like playing with myself in front of Ami and now strangers I guess. I feel a finger on my ass again and beg for it to enter and fuck me too. I get so hot when being fucked like this it doesn't take long for my second orgasm to hit. I calm down and say thank you as the toy and finger are pulled out of me. Lying on the bed, I can't help but think of all the fun my husband is missing and the secret life I now have. A big smile is on my face as we get dressed.

When we leave, Ami says next week will be even better as the three of us meet again and bring extra toys. She says to make sure James will be gone all day Saturday and we will meet at my house. I agree and go home to a clueless husband.