 In memory of Jane, the true romantic in my life.

We were separated in our relationship by a long distance but kept a hot romance going through our regular correspondence on the Internet. This not only made the time apart a little more bearable, but it certainly led to spicy meetings when we did have the chance to get together. Jane was a very loyal correspondent and hardly a day went by when she didn't write. Sometimes we would just write about work, our daily lives, kids, etc., but often times Jane would stimulate things by writing a hot steamy story about the two of us together. She was an incredibly sensual woman who had been divorced for nearly 16 years. During this time she devoted a considerable effort to raising her daughter and working long hours to make life for the two of them as rich as possible given the circumstances. 

During much of this time, Jane had put her own sex life on hold because of greater responsibilities. When she discovered the Internet she began to explore her sexuality vicariously, and that is how we met. I received a somewhat forward e-mail that was so inviting I just could not resist the response. The rest is history.

Since the opportunities for us to get together were few and far between, I tried to put extra effort into planning every rendezvous. I enjoyed the planning immensely and it served to heighten the anticipation of getting together in person. Most of our get togethers were long romantic weekends, usually spent at some out of the way resort location. We savored every minute together and used the opportunities to relive several of the fantasy stories we had written to each other. Jane was an excellent writer and since I did a lot of writing for my work, it was easy for us to communicate our desires. Jane often wrote very descript stories of exactly how she would make love to me. She was a very tender person and just the site of her name in my inbox usually provoked a rather immediate reaction in my loins.

She often wrote of giving me a sensual massage, including the most unbelievable descriptions of her oral abilities. This woman could write about a blowjob and make you believe it was actually happening while you read her words. Coupled with her incredible massage technique, a night with this woman was an experience I continue to relive in my mind, over and over. 

I replied with my own detailed descriptions of our love making, and also vivid descriptions of my feelings for this woman. Whether you believe it is possible or not, I had fallen deeply in love with this woman through the efforts of our correspondence. It was quite an amazing experience and certainly one that is difficult to put into words.

Jane was what I would describe as a very conservative person. A lot of this is due to her lifestyle and the effort that had gone into raising her daughter as a single parent. As our relationship blossomed we found ourselves telling each other about our sexual fantasies, which seemed to heighten the stimulation of two innately conservative people.

In a recent e-mail Jane alluded to the fact that she had never been in a threesome and had thought that might be an exciting addition to both our sexual experiences. This had been a dream of mine for a long time, and one of the tales I had related to Jane in my correspondence was about a time that I had come very close to having this happen, but not quite. From what you read and hear, it is quite common for men to think about such an experience, however, for me it was quite different to discuss this issue with a woman, especially your sacred lover. I found the topic rather stimulating and as a result was actively involved in the planning of making such and event possible the next time we got together.

Our next planned rendezvous was still a few weeks away, so I had plenty of time to plan and think about exactly just how this might actually come to pass. Since Jane lived in Idaho, it was logical for me to pick a place somewhat close to where she lived for our next get together. Idaho has some spectacular locations and summer was the perfect time to take advantage. I had selected a "cabin" near Coeur d'Alene that I had found on the Internet. A perfect location since it was not too far from where Jane lived and was known for its beautiful lake, often described as one of the five most beautiful in the world.

The "cabin", as it was described had three bedrooms including a Master suite of immense proportions, a spectacular living room, a large deck overlooking the lake, and a hot tub said to be an astronomers dream at night due to its location away from well lit areas. We certainly didn't need three bedrooms, but I selected this particular home because of its secluded location and its luxurious amenities.

Having made the selection, I set upon my next task. That was to find the perfect person with whom the two of us could enjoy this setting. That was not going to be an easy task and of course there were sensitivities about the subject just because of its nature. It is certainly one thing to talk and write about your fantasies, it is certainly quite another to make the actual plans.

Since Jane was really into giving the worlds best massage I thought it might be appropriate to find someone whose profession was the same. My thought was that the best way to make an introduction of this nature might be to provide Jane with her own special masseuse.

I set about this task by first searching the Internet. I knew that this was a risky maneuver, but given my distance from the location, there just was no better way. The typical search engines turned up mostly either therapeutic massage responses or escort services. I knew I would have to delve deeply into these selections if I was to make this effort pay off.

Western Idaho and Eastern Washington are the home to a number of Universities. During one of my searches, I came across the name of a massage therapist by the name of Kerry, who it turned out was majoring in exercise physiology at Washington State University, not all that far away from Coeur d'Alene. On the side, she did sensual massage as a means of paying for her college expenses.

I had sent about a dozen e-mails to various candidates and got either a canned response, from the escort types, or no response at all. However, the response from Kerry was much more personal and I decided to pursue providing her with an explanation of exactly what it was I was trying to accomplish. Her response was not canned and her credentials as a masseuse, at least on her web site, were very credible. This was an important consideration, because my surprise for Jane might turn out to be nothing more than a great professional massage. 

Kerry and I struck up a correspondence on the Internet and as a result I found her to be most understanding and in fact quite interested. During the course of my explanations I shared several of our e-mails so Kerry could learn more personally about our relationship and the sensual nature of her potential client.

Kerry was very professional and told me that she had developed a loyal clientele, basically limited to regular customers. Her specialty was sensual massage, and she told me that among her clients were a number of women and couples. Given her background as an exercise physiology student and her talent as an amateur athlete I knew I was on the right track. She told me that women were among some of her favorite clients, and that to her knowledge she had never disappointed anyone. The picture she provided over the Internet showed her conservatively dressed in a pair of athletic shorts and a tank top. She appeared to be tall, about 5'8", with shoulder-length brown hair highlighted by lighter streaks from her time outdoors. Her skin was tanned but not weathered. She had the firm stomach of an athlete but not the muscled look of a gym rat. She had a prominent chest, probably enhanced by all of her aerobic activity, but also what appeared to be firm large breasts hiding beneath her loose fitting top. If looks were the judge of this project I knew I was off to a good start.

Kerry told me that she would have to charge a little extra for her "therapy" due to the distance she must travel. She was very explicit that her fee was not based upon time and that she was available for as long as the session lasted, which she indicated depended to a large degree upon Jane. She wanted a "booking fee" up front, but do to the relationship we had developed and my distance from her, I found it just as easy to pay for everything up front. I also thought that would send a positive message of trust. Things were falling into place.

The trip was still a few weeks away and I took some of this time to try and explore more of Jane's thoughts about a sexual three-way. Her responses were what I considered positive so I felt confident that I had not gotten myself into something I would regret. The worst that could come of this was an expensive massage.

On the day of the trip, I flew into Pullman, Washington which was the best alternative given the remoteness of the location. I could not help but be reminded that this was where Kerry lived as I checked out my rental car from the airport. Jane and I had arranged to meet at a restaurant in Coeur D'Alene, since neither of us was sure of the directions to the house. It was a glorious August day and the restaurant had an outside patio overlooking the lake. It was the perfect setting in which to meet your lover were it not for the sexual electricity that flowed between us. While I was anxious to relax, I was also anxious to find our way to the cabin to take advantage of some private moments together. We both had an edge that needed to be removed and for the two of us that meant only one thing.

The lunch, as I remember it was pretty good, but the hand holding and casual touching is the part I remember most. Jane has this sensual nature about her that even the subtlest brush of a hand on a hip or thigh can cause a lightening bolt of electricity to flow through your body. By the time lunch was over, I was whipped into quite the frenzy and past experience told me Jane was too.

When you live in the midst of a long-distance relationship like ours, the hardest thing is to resist the temptation of just jumping into bed when you do get together. We both had learned that part of the enjoyment of a long weekend together was taking it slow, forgetting about the clock, and never thinking of the passing of time. We had learned to act as if a few days together for us were more joyful than a lifetime together for some couples. We cherished every minute and never thought about leaving until it was absolutely time to go.

After a little frustration in getting the check, we paid the bill and headed out for the cabin. I followed Jane since she was most familiar with the area. It was about a fifteen-minute drive and with the windows down the pine scented mountain air served to heighten my senses.

The "cabin" turned out to live up to every bit of its reputation. The pictures of the view from the Internet truly did not due justice to the real McCoy. With the bright afternoon sun, the crystal blue water of the lake glistened as no picture could ever do it justice. The mountain air was clear and the light breeze refreshing. We took our bags from the car and as I took them upstairs to the master bedroom, Jane explored the spacious kitchen and living room, which adjoined one another. The kitchen had spectacular hardwood floors and a huge fireplace in a sitting area, which was actually part of the kitchen. Another even larger fireplace adorned the living/family room. Whoever designed this place knew that these two rooms would function perfectly together, especially when entertaining.

Outside on the spacious deck which was nestled below the large overhang of the roofline, was a complete outdoor dining area and a separate nook for the hot tub surrounded by gorgeous potted plants, comfortable chaise lounges and neat wooden cocktail tables tucked strategically throughout the arrangement. The deck area was larger than most living rooms and certainly doubled as a separate living area, at least during the summer.

While I was unpacking my bag and putting things in the closet, I felt Jane's hands circle my waist. She had seductively crept up behind me and the thick white plush carpet had advantageously hidden her footsteps. In a somewhat startled fashion I turned and was greeted immediately with the softest, wettest kiss imaginable. I could feel my cock respond immediately, and as Jane knew it would too, she pressed he lean body closer to feel the response she had elicited. We stood there cherishing the moment for more than a few minutes. Gently I took her by the hand and led her to the large king size bed covered in a beautiful off white comforter and six king sized pillows also totally white. The master bedroom was essentially a large balcony above the living area and shared the same outlook. The large windows afforded a view of the lake and the crystal clear sky of that August afternoon. In the white surroundings I felt as if I were seated on a cloud overlooking the world. It was almost heavenly; with Jane here it was certainly a divine setting.

I pulled Jane to the bed and tossed several of the pillows aside to make room for the two of us. My 6' 4" frame consumes a large portion of the length of a king size bed and I wanted all of the room possible. Jane was wearing a light blue cotton sundress with spaghetti straps that accentuated her figure. I had bought it for her during one of my travels. When I saw it in the store it had her name written all over it. The shape of the dress accentuated her figure nicely, and the soft cotton fabric did little to hide her now aroused braless nipples poking firmly from beneath the dress. I cupped my right hand lovingly over a breast and felt the corresponding response from my cock. I loved a nice pair of tits and Jane had a lot to be proud of. They were not overly large, but the shape and proportion was perfect. They were firm, perfectly rounded and felt terrific in the palm of my hand.

While I was cupping her breasts and kissing her deeply she was holding me so tightly that I found it almost difficult to breathe. 

I nuzzled my lips to her ear and asked, "What's up with the grip?" 

"I just don't ever want to let go!" came the muffled reply. 

"You don't have to and I hope you never will," I purred into her ear as her bear hug only served to increase my arousal.

I eased my hips closer to her pelvis so she could feel my bodily response. That got the desired results as her left arm loosened its grip and I felt her hand searching for my bulge. Jane had a way of touching me that made you realize it was difficult to find words to describe her touch. She could be both gentle and firm in alternating movements. Sometimes I felt like she would make me cum just by stroking the outer layers of my clothing.

As I lay on my left side, I propped myself up on my left elbow and positioned myself to gaze into her beautiful eyes. 

I brushed a soft curl from her cheek to gain a better view and said with assuredness, "I love you more and more with each passing day. You don't know what would happen to me if I could not open my e-mail each morning and find a loving note from you. It means so very much my darling."

"Tres," she said. "I know; I feel exactly the same way. I really could never explain this to anyone else, but I know we both feel the same way."

We kissed more deeply, and as I had come to learn from previous experiences, her tongue was telling me that she needed to be fucked. It is funny how this word, which was seldom used by either one of us outside the bedroom, had become so perfect a description. Yes, she wanted to be fucked and since it was only Friday afternoon, there would be plenty of time for just that.

As her tongue begged for more, my right hand responded by sliding beneath the short hem of her dress. I moved my hand gently upward, taking the fabric with me, until she was exposed to the navel. She had worn a white thong that once exposed told me everything. The soft fabric in the front was already wet with her desire, so it took little effort to slide the dress up over her head when she arched her back expressly for that purpose. I tossed the dress to the floor and buried my mouth on top of one of her luscious nipples. I wondered if she could cum just from the sensation of my tongue. I thought to myself, sometime that will be a goal, but now is not the time.

As her dress was hitting the floor, I could feel her deft fingers undoing my belt and zipper. She loved to feel my cock and was wasting no time getting me exposed. As I sucked first one nipple and then the other, I raised my hips to invite the shedding of my pants.

"No fair!" were the words I heard. "How do you expect me to get you naked when your lips have me plastered to the bed?"

I eased my response and assisted her with her goal; she slid off my briefs and slacks in the same move, exposing an immensely aroused cock. As I sat up partially to slip off my shirt, Jane deftly moved her head to my stomach and began probing her tongue gently inside my navel. This only aroused me further and caused my hips to flinch upwards slightly in response. I knew what would come next and had learned to relax and "take it at Jane's pace." When it came to lovemaking between the two of us, there was no hurry. Yes, we experienced a few "quickies", but they were almost always in our correspondence, especially when one or the other of us didn't have time for our usual two-page letter. In real life, nothing ever happened quickly and every moment together was savored for the special moment that it was.

I felt her fingers work their way up the inside of my thighs. She inserted her left hand between my thighs in a fist like shape. Then I felt her thumb and fingers move in opposite directions inviting me to spread my legs. All the while she deftly moved her tongue to a more strategic position. Occasionally Jane would raise her head and glide her curls over my exposed flesh. She new this sensation drove me wild and caused my erect penis to bob up and down with the flexing of the muscles in my groin. When my cock "bobbed up" to the perfect position she encompassed it with her lips. Slowly she would lubricate my shaft with her moist mouth and gradually consume my rock hard erection further in her mouth.

Before I had met Jane, I had had my share of blowjobs, but nothing like she could offer. She craved my cock in her mouth and I knew from experience that her moist panties were probably now well soaked. While I wanted to find out for sure, she kept her pubic area strategically out of reach so that I had to concentrate on only her actions. She obviously didn't want me distracted by her own desires.

Ever since I my first sexual experiences I had discovered that if I am aroused to the beginning point of an ejaculation and then the stimulation strategically stops, that I can remain erect for a very long time. I had described this sensation to Jane and I knew that this was the response she was now seeking. The throbbing in my cock felt so good. How can anyone ever describe exactly what this feels like? I am addicted to her tongue and the sucking mouth that knows just how too arouse me to the extreme. She could sense when I was getting close and just as the first drop of sperm was about to touch her lips she slipped her mouth off of my cock and planted a deep kiss on my mouth. With one movement she had completely changed positions so that we were side to side and my rock hard cock was nestled neatly against her soft panties. I wasted no time in removing the thong. I wanted us both on equal footing.

She teased my cock closer and I responded by caressing the inside of her thighs in my own teasing little circles. As I gradually approached the opening of her pussy, I could feel the moisture that now flowed out and oozed its way onto her thighs. I cannot tell you the turn on when I feel a woman this wet in anticipation. I flexed the muscles in my groin and Jane could feel my cock rise to meet her wetness. She slid even closer and her lubricated pussy lips parted slightly at the response of my throbbing cock. I moved my hips ever so slightly so that my shaft slid the length of her opening, the head meeting her clitoris with each stroke. She responded by wildly thrusting her tongue deeper into my throat.
