 Renae's Pool Party Pussy © Literocat 2015, 2016

[6/29 submit again with Laurel watching]

[6/26/16 edit: Story vanished 6/22 no response to reports so I'm resubmitting]

[6/22/16 edit: I removed all explicit references to incest since this is NOT an incest story though moderator rules put it in INCEST category and prompted angry scoring:

"All stories with any incestuous relationships or incest content at all must be placed in the Incest category."

This did not affect the story since it's about the newcomers, not the siblings. The siblings did NOT have sex in this story!

-Also, addressing the complaint of not explaining OFC until the followup (not chapter), I squeezed that in.]

[Is this Nude Day 2016 entry: exhibition, group, anal, swapping, Dom, non-consent or all in one? Your pleasure.]

We invited the four other hard core members of OFC to a special, early morning pool party as well as a few decoys who we KNEW could not stay all day. Lou and his wife Bev, my favorite MILKY MILF, were charged with finding and bringing a new potential couple to join OFC, but definitely not tell them that or that OFC means Our Fucking Club. THAT would spoil the surprise! Lou had asked them for a clean bill of health less than sixty days old. He said we all had them and hinted that was needed in case his circle of friends got too touchy or rowdy. Seed planted! All we knew of them before Sunday was that they were open minded and an attractive couple named James and Renae. Most had no idea that we were not the only ones with a surprise pending!

They were told to dress casually and bring their most provocative swimsuits. Their choices would inform our decision to invite them to join OFC, or not. At the last minute, Sue chose her most daring red, thong bikini that showed off 99% of her curvy, teasing, little ass. The tiny, thin, translucent bottom prominently featured her lusty camel toe even when not aroused. Her top was literally the size and design of large band aids that barely covered her perfect nips at a racy angle and nearly a fifth or her tiny tits.

I chose Navy blue elastic top trunks with wide legs and no internal support so my snake was free to roam and seek escape at the most opportune moment. I wondered if that escape would shock or arouse Renae. No one cared what I chose when they had my wife's swelling camel toe to stare at as she paraded it around for everyone.

I'd asked Lou not to tell the newbies that we were celebrating NND ( National Nude Day), but if they questioned anything to say I was a Francophile and always observe Juillet 14, Bastille Day. The skimpy and risque outfits expected reflect the casual French body attitude. Right? I mean, n'est-pas?

As usual, Lou had to wear his long-legged trunks or his monster cock would always be peeking out, sometimes even while walking. Bev, bless her, chose a rosy red half cup top suitable for B-cups at best, and she's a solid D-cup with thick and tall nipples even when not nursing. Despite her captivating, overflowing, milky tits, her pale yellow bottoms stole everyone's attention with its tiny mesh that testified that she was still cleanly shaven.

Her incredibly beautiful body was further defined by her thong that framed and displayed her dense, muscular cheeks, a view that included most of her wrinkled hole and so was illegal everywhere. I loved looking, feeling and savoring her sexy, fleshy temple. I looked forward to milking her into my coffee and directly into my mouth again. I wonder how our surprise guests will react to that.

By eleven the splashing, dunking, water sports and overt goosing became hungry questions about lunch. The grill was hot, as were the women and the food. All members of OFC knowingly eyed the franks, sausage and corn, tacitly recalling the bawdy events from our Nude Day Lunch, and smirked at the salacious delights waiting for us once they were drenched in lady butter. When unwitting guests asked why we were grinning, we smiled and silently walked away. James and Renae huddled in curiosity, or was it fright?

Before noon our communal lunch was done and only the five OFC member couples plus Lou's guests remained. Teasing, flirting and perverse secrets prevailed as the main events commenced. None of the guests even suspected that one of our affectionate and highly-sexed charter couples were actually siblings! The untouched corn, grilled and raw, were stacked separately off the grill. Someone moved the grilled corn into a covered dish on a hot plate.

James stepped up his flirting with Sue, blatantly whistling at her camel toe and commenting slyly on her tight, waddling, bare ass. His suit became animated and began tenting. Since it was similar to mine, we had no problem locating and sizing his impressive equipment. Sexy Renae had bowed to James's dare and agreed to wear a 'modest' white thong. Her silvered top adequately covered and squeezed her sizeable mounds while allowing enhanced cleavage and nicely rounded side boobs. Her bottom front was modest, even if it was thin and clinging to her own plump, obvious and tempting camel toe. Tick, tock!

Leaving my eyes blatantly locked on her swelling sex, I risked asking for details of her sex play. Lifting another drink, she paused before answering boldly, "I enjoy dominating James. I like being able to do what I want to. I like tying him up, spanking him, sitting on his face and getting off on it. I also like shoving my wet panties in his mouth and riding his cock, telling him he can't cum until I say he can. Then, having him get on his knees still hard, putting on my strap-on or finding a toy, and fucking his ass, then playing with his cock. He loves it, and I love doing it." She leerily eyed James for his reaction to exposing his secrets. "And some days I like being dominated instead!"

"Like today!" James decided to boldly exploit Renae's sub side while she was in the mood, and maybe get even for spilling secrets? "Though she isn't terribly shy, having been naked and very widely and openly exposed to a stranger, sucked him off and let the stranger grope her tits and lower holes as I watched or fucked her, she isn't used to public exposure. She told me she loved it when I 'ordered' her to strip and give the stranger all her clothes."

He seemed to be suppressing anger and was not as comfortable with exposing or sharing his wife as his words indicated. Our pool party had progressed thru splashing, teasing and flaunting hot bods to post BBQ tranquillity. My own exposure plans didn't account for James's agenda. The sexual competition was thick in the air!

Perhaps to smooth the tension, or more likely just to get Renae to focus on him and the huge shaft he was conspicuously rubbing slowly, Lou spoke out. "Renae, do you know what the drunken penis told the bartender? No? The penis looked at him and said, 'You think you have it rough? When I get big, fat, and juicy, they push a plastic bag over my head, stick me in a dark room, and bang my head against the wall until I throw up all over myself and pass out!'" And he laughed at his own half-assed attempt at humor. I had to strongly resist my urge to chime in to save him.

Sue was usually the one to ramp up the hedonism by 'accidentally' exposing a tit or other taboo bit to someone, then everyone, then exposing more as she did when TEASING TOM or letting her SHOWER TOWEL fall open. She is easily talked into any dumb dare that lets, no 'forces', her to strip and initiate group gropes. Today, perhaps someone else would beat her to that fun.

Taking advantage of the quiet tension, I suggested to James that he 'order' Renae to tease us and shortly get fully naked. In response, he whispered to Renae that he expected her to expose her swollen pussy covertly. "Let's see who notices and speaks up first. Before that, I want you to narrow the cups of your bikini top until part of each halo remains exposed."

Since I and four other men were subtly stealing glances at Renae's beautiful body, we all caught her fidgety adjustments and stared as her nipples each popped into view then were carefully, slowly, mostly, covered. She blushed and we each had to adjust our suddenly snug swimsuits.

A glance at James and his tight smile told us he was well aware of his partner's exposed nipples, and approved. His cock was already tenting fiercely. Lou was openly sucking his wife's prominent milky tit. When I asked how long they were together, Renae vaguely answered softly "Years and years." Her chest rose and fell deeply in lidded arousal as she stared at Bev nursing Lou.

Sue sat next to me and toyed with her small suit for a little attention. When she saw Renae's nipples still half exposed, she volunteered, "Looks like all you guys are already getting a show. I wonder how much more is coming." Renee blushed and looked away. I was close enough to them to watch Renae pull up her bikini and fill her suit with a lusty camel toe. I began figuring how I could get her to shed her suit before the clock struck noon. I still didn't know that James already had an idea.

He whispered, "Renae, sweety, follow my orders exactly and you'll have a special reward coming. I see the others are enjoying your nipples, but now it's time to give them more. After I move next to Sue, I want you to start rubbing your slit as if you have a little itch. Ignore the attention you'll get from everyone and rub harder. Then I want you to shift your bikini bottom into your right leg joint. Make sure both of your labia are fully exposed and rub a little more. Next, put your left heel on the seat and open your legs so we can all see that pretty pussy, swollen and pushed out. Give it a minute, then wether you get a comment or not, slowly rub up and down your slit. Let your fingers dip inside enough so we can see your curly inner lips peek out. Rub your clit until it swells and stands up for us." Did he know about NND?

"That's a lot of stuff showing off to strangers. Are you planning on going further? And what surprise reward do you have in your dirty little mind?" she challenged.

"Well, there's been enough graphic, random groping that I'm sure these people are open to anything. They all seem concerned about safe sex so I'm sure there are condoms handy. Keep rubbing your pussy until you start breathing hard. Reach under the cushion to find your smallest anal plug, pull your thong aside and work the black plug into your ass then go back to your clit. Keep your legs wide open!"

"That's too much, James. I don't want to use the plug, but I'll . . . "

James abruptly got much louder! "I'm not asking your opinion or consent. Until you give me our safe word, I'M in charge and you WILL submit. You may have your revenge and dom me next time." He got up confidently and pulled a lounger against Sue's before proudly parking his tented suit near her face .

All conversation ceased as Renae began slowly rubbing her crotch, as ordered despite her crimson cheeks. We all heard her orders and wondered how far she would actually go. And what was that reward he had in mind?

Sue and five men watched as Renae stole a look around then obediently pulled her suit down a bit and shifted it into her right leg joint. Suddenly, hers was the solitary, bald and beautiful pussy exposed to us all.

That was the first major domino to fall. She closed her sexy blue eyes and rubbed along then inside her swelling vulva. When she put her foot on the seat, her lips swelled further and we all sighed, almost silently. Renae scratched and rubbed her pretty pussy deeply and quickly pulled her labia open to allow her small, crimson inner lips to pop out for air.

Sue began rubbing her pussy openly and firmly while her other hand covered and agitated my swelling cock. That was the second domino. I didn't object, but was surprised when she lurched a bit. I turned away from the main stage to see and fondle my wife, but James was already pinching her nipple thru her tiny suit, another domino.

When he saw me looking, he sneered with lust and, without waiting for either of us to consent, pushed Sue's bantam top above her tiny tits then twisted and pinched her bared, perfect nipple which was already hard and tall. He smiled at me confidently, then moved Sue's hand from her groin to his. "I hope you don't mind? I'm guessing we're leading up to a little skinny dipping and further play."

"Actually, James, we were about to reveal our surprise when your orders to Renae put us on track. Today isn't just Bastille Day, it's also National Nude Day in the Western world. We traditionally begin our Nude day at noon so we make the most of our DAY. You can Google NND later. Police enforcement of 'obscenity' laws is generally nonexistent until midnight, but we press our luck staying naked until noon tomorrow. More risk, more thrills. With just three minutes to noon and my wife's tits already exposed and in your mouth, you may want to hurry Renae along before we all strip." He agreed and nodded sharply to his pretty wife.

Sue easily found and squeezed his tenting cock. As she began slowly jerking James, I turned back to a mortified Renae just as she twisted her black plug into her ass. She gasped. It popped in past the extremely thin strap of her thong, past her tight sphincter and she pushed two fingers deep into her pussy as her bright blue eyes locked on mine and dared me to look into her open pussy. I took the dare and she slowly pulled the tiny suit bottom completely onto her sexy leg as I watched. "See anything you like?" she teased. My cock lurched as I smiled back.

"Yes, yes I do. It's your shockingly blue eyes. They're irresistible. And your sexy legs too. Oh, and the pretty bits in between as well." I teased back and refused to give the direct answer she wanted. As three fingers of her right hand blatantly, obscenely opened and explored her pussy in the bright midday sun, her left hand twisted the anal plug already tucked deeply in her pretty ass.

Her blue eyes lidded and I imagined filling her mouth with my hot, stiff meat. Sue felt my dick surge and squeezed firmly. Renae smiled as she released her top and watched her husband fondle my wife. No one noticed the clock strike noon for several more minutes, but that didn't stop more dominos and clothes falling.

Lou had stripped Bev's beautiful body naked. Her heavy tits swayed when she stood and leaned over Lou. I could see milk beading up on her thick, perfect nipples until she turned her back and loosened Lou's trunks. She carefully bent, keeping her legs straight, and showed us her lusty, plumped pussy. As I and James began to drool, she overspread her feet and her moist, plumped labia opened for us to admire. My cock and mouth had already visited there often, yet I yearned to crawl inside her tasty twat again. James's cock bounced his boner under my wife's hand.

I looked back at my now NAKED Sue and saw her top and bottom on the ground behind her lounger, with James's suit. She was staring at his bald balls and smoothly curved cock. He was openly admiring her classically beautiful vulva. As she began to thumb over his bishop and marshal some clear Cowper's from it, he inserted two fingers into Sue and slowly stroked her pussy and clit. Her tall, perfect nipples circled randomly in her flattened tits.

Renae dropped her top on the ground, lifted and pointed her legs at me the slowly peeled of her thong, around the anal plug, and tossed it with her top thus becoming fourth to be fully naked. Her sizeable, shapely tits swung freely as her nipples hardened. She dug deep into her wet pussy and conspicuously licked her sodden fingers. I pulsed Sue's nipple in time with James's vaginal violations.

After watching my cock surge each time she licked her juices off her fingers, Renae stood and made a sultry approach to my wife, who was centered between two men who wanted Renae despite the audience of strangers. I watched her toned thighs flex with each step and imagined them around my neck as I buried my face and tongue in her fragrant, plumped pussy.

She stopped between me and Sue and stared at our three-way mutual masturbation for a long moment as she flicked her clit, thrust her mons closer to my face and ignored all the others staring at her round and sexy ass or fattened, enticing pussy. She was unaware and unconcerned about her appraisal. Sue's eyes were closed and her hand was in my suit, gently jerking my aching cock in sync with James's.

Nearly panting, Renae reached down and boldly wiggled my suit off so I was the fifth naked one. She seemed fascinated with my exposed, hairy cock in Sue's hand as she continued to jerk me even more openly. My cock, trimmed but unshaved, was about the same size tall and around as James's, but without the curve.

Sue more vigorously stroked me and James in synch, but made my balls deliberately bounce more as she slid my foreskin over my bishop then sharply pulled it back. "James, I bet your scimitar works especially well when fucking Renae in missionary posture so you knead her G-spot with each stroke." She winked at him, ensuring he took the hint. Renae smiled and nodded.

A quick look around showed me that all the women were topless and one was already deeply sucking cock. Two of them shimmied out of their suits and began mounting their men in Reverse Cowgirl so all eyes were still on newcomer Renae. Lou's suit was at his ankles and Renae gasped at the sight of his monster cock. Very shortly, all suits were on the ground. James was tracing Sue's pussy and savoring her heady, lusty taste.

Bev climbed gently into the pool so her blond pony tail stayed dry and airy. Most of the men climbed or jumped in around her for a closer look and hopeful feel of her luscious, prominent, milky tits. They all wanted a taste. Who could blame them?

Renae straddled my lounger, placed her fragrant fanny above my waist, near my face and took my hand and held it firmly against her mound. I wasted no time to spread all her labia apart, push three fingers into her soaked snatch then push back her clit hood with my thumb. She gasped and firmly gripped my fingers with her well-exercised kegels. Sliding under her hood made her moan, but her legs buckled each time I pinched her pearl.

James growled at my fingering his wife and nibbled on Sue's nipples while he pulsed his fingers deeply into her sweet, squishy pussy. Something about his reactions made me wonder how he really felt about his naked wife servicing strangers and being so intensely and frequently serviced. HE is not a good candidate if he has reservations or feels proprietary about sharing her with us, regardless of his skills or experiences.

Sue's head locked on her right shoulder, her chest brightened and when James bit a nipple, her sex rash shot down to her pearly clit and she squealed and shuddered out of control. Her rattled hand shook James's strained cock chaotically and he erupted all over Sue's leg. That lustful display got Renae to gasp, nearly break my fingers in her flaming pussy and cum on my hand. Feeling both the heat of her sweet release stream across my hand and Sue's hand pulling my cock was enough to launch my seed straight up and onto Renae's dangling tits.

After a brief rest, James licked his cum off Sue, and Renae ate mine off my chest and hers. Our cocks rose in full salute and were again in demand. She licked and lapped my sticky helm clean then abruptly ran, laughing and tits swaying wildly, and jumped into the pool.
