 You and I flew to New York last year for a long Valentine's weekend. After a long day of shopping and sightseeing on Saturday in Manhattan, we returned to our fancy hotel in Times Square after a cozy, romantic dinner. 

The hotel had a crowded bar by a large dance floor and we settled in two seats by the bartender and ordered two Cabernets. We were sipping our wine and snuggling while watching people dance. As usual, we decided to go out on the floor when they played a slow song. The man sitting next to us offered to save our seats. We went out and danced, very slowly at first. And we kissed... slow, lingering kisses. Then you leaned your head back and I kissed your neck and you could feel the slight buzz from the wine. You were blissfully intoxicated from the wine and my kisses.

A faster song came on and we danced faster and kissed harder. You turned your back to me and I kissed your neck before you turned your head to kiss me on the lips. Then you felt my hard cock urgently throbbing against you from behind as we danced. You turned around and we continued to dance and make out.

You glanced at the bar and noticed the man watching our seats was also watching us.... mesmerized.

After a while, we decided to return to our seats. There we made small talk with the guy. He was local and had dark hair and dark eyes, with an athletic build similar to mine. We all got more wine and continued to talk. Then a song came on that the entire bar went out to dance to. So we all three went out to dance.

You and I were dancing and making out again when you noticed his hands were holding your hips. You didn't think much of it and kissed me harder. I turned you around to kiss your neck and you were facing him. His hands on your waist and you enjoyed my fervent kisses on your neck. Then you turned around again to kiss me deeply and he was dancing right behind you. You could feel that his cock was hard against you and you smiled that he must be enjoying our interaction.

Soon we returned to our chairs and continued talking. My hand naturally rested on your leg. But you noticed his hand would occasionally graze your thigh. You felt your wetness between your legs and you knew you and I were in for a long night when we got back up to our room.

The bar was shutting down and I suggested we all go up to our room for one more drink from the mini bar. Once on the elevator, I grab you and pull you in for a kiss. You are shocked when he begins to kiss your neck at the same time. Floating, you turn your head to kiss him and I kiss your open neck.

When we reach our floor, the three of us walk to our room ... completely composed; but you are wondering what is in store.

We enter the room and I immediately kiss you and press you against the wall. I slide the straps of your dress off of your shoulders and free your breasts from your bra. You are amazed at how free and open you feel as he kisses you and I kiss down your neck to your tits.

Your breath is increased as he kisses you deeply and I tease your nipples with my tongue. While still against the wall, you cradle our heads as we each take a nipple in our mouths. Soon I kiss down your belly and you knowingly kick off your panties. He is concentrating on your breasts and I start to feverishly tongue your clit. Your legs bend but you are still leaning against the wall. You are close to climax as he raises to kiss your lips. Your hands start to knead his cock through his pants and you lose control and cum standing up.

Overcome, you fall to your knees, realizing for the first time that you are completely naked.

In a frenzy, you start to rub my cock through my pants and I loosen my belt and unzip my pants. You release my cock and start giving me a deep blow job.

Moments later, you reach back and find his cock is free and you begin to stroke him while sucking me. You glance and see out of the corner of your eye that he has completely disrobed. You turn to take him in your mouth and I take that as my cue to get undressed.

Then you take turns blowing one of us while stroking the other....

Until we lift you to your feet and guide you to the bed....

He settles in with his back resting against the headboard and you take him back in your mouth. I slowly enter you from behind, amazed at how wet you are. I start slowly at first so you can entertain our new friend.

But soon I can sense you want it harder. So I thrust violently and you quickly cum, crying out with his cock throbbing inches from your face.

When you regain your composure, you start sucking him again while I slowly thrust into you. Soon you feel his cock tightening in your mouth and your tongue starts working more purposefully - until you feel him cumming in your mouth while he moans. You swallow it all and feel an orgasm approaching.

I pull out and lie down and you straddle my cock. You start kissing me while we fuck. Then after awhile you sit up and start fucking me with abandon, feeling my cock so hard underneath you while I grab your hips and press you onto me.

Soon you realize he is ready to go again and he stands next to you so you can take him in your mouth. I watch you suck him while you slowly ride me, so turned on by the raw sexuality you are displaying.

He hands you some massage oil I had placed on be night stand that morning and asks you to stroke him with it. You slowly start to knead his cock and give him a hand job. I start playing with your breasts and you are in heaven. Then you lean down to kiss me. And we start grinding into each other....

Until you feel the warmth of his fingers tracing your ass with the massage oil...

You momentarily panic when you realize he intends to fuck you in the ass. But I calm you and you grab my neck tightly.

You moan as you feel the head of his cock penetrate your ass and stop. You lie still as you accommodate the feeling, before telling him to proceed. He eases his cock slowly in and we both resume slowly fucking you.

You feel so full and you kiss me deeply. Then you cry out in another surprising orgasm. The spasms of your ass bring him over the edge and you feel the warmth of his cum filling your ass.

He withdraws - and I slowly flip you over and start fucking you slowly in the missionary position. Then our pace quickens and you feel my cock release inside of you, enticing you to cum again.

When we regain our composure, we notice our friend is gone, leaving a note that simply says "Thank you."

We kiss and snuggle and doze off to sleep.