 I think the rays of the morning sun through the thin curtains woke me up. Either that, or my pussy craving my attention. At least that's what I like to believe.

Because I'm old I know to know how much I enjoy sex. And why not? I love what it does to my body -- whether it's a man's hands or my own fingers -- a man's cock or my favourite vibrator. All the sensual pleasures of a female body. And the sensation of losing control once the orgasm surges through me and I hear myself screaming in ecstasy.

Lying in bed I close my eyes -- my fingers already found my clit, making it swell and harden with excitement. Slowly I masturbate, lusty images filling my mind: Big male hands forcing my thighs apart -- thirsty tongues licking up my juices -- fat cocks thrusting into me brutally, spurting long jets of semen across my naked body.

"Mmm!"

I bite my lip so the neighbours won't hear me screaming. My free hand finds my breast and kneads it, making my cunt quiver. With thumb and index finger I squeeze my nipple hard -- twisting it until pain turns into pleasure. I massage my clit with increasing intensity -- my entire body trembling with lust.

"Oh! Oh!"

I force two fingers up into my cunt, feeling how wet I am. Warm love juice seeps across my hand. I move it up and down, fucking myself with it like a cock -- driving my fingers in and out of my pussy in hard, fast thrusts.

I writhe on the sheet. A wave of pleasure rolls through my entire body -- a harbinger of the violent orgasm to come. Or -- no. I pause for a while -- slipping my slick fingers out of my soft crevice. Oh. So close it almost hurts to stop. I take a deep breath. And another.

Knock, knock.

At first I can't figure out what it is. Dizzy with lust I need to entangle myself from my dirty fantasies and find my way back to reality. Okay -- I'm in my bed -- naked underneath the thin duvet.

Knock, knock.

At last I get it: Someone's knocking on my door. I shake my head -- imagine I could be that lust, plain and simple, could mess up my mind like that. A crimson silk bathrobe lies across my chair. I reach for it as I get up and put in on. My hair is still a bit of a mess, but so what?

I open the door to reveal to men in white overalls. One has black hair and slightly dark skin -- perhaps a Turk. The other a bit taller and looks like a Viking: Pale -- with red hair and a beard.

"Good morning", the Turk says with no hint of an accent. "We're here to check your apartment."

"Check?" I say.

"Yeah," the Viking replies. "The housing association is renovating all the flats. You should have gotten a letter ..."

"Hm," I reply. "Probably."

A letter from the housing association? I'm sure I've thrown that directly into the bin. Not nearly sexy enough for me. The two men look at me expectantly.

"May we come in?" the Turk asks cautiously.

I step aside.

"Oh yeah," I say. "Sorry."

They enter, and I close the door behind them as they continue into my living room.

"Would you like coffee or anything?" I ask.

"No thanks," I hear the Viking reply. "We'll only be a few minutes."

They walk around the room talking quietly. I can't hear what they're saying. My abdomen is still a bit sore -- a clenching sensation of unfulfilled excitement. As soon as they're gone, I will go back inside and continue masturbating. It's a rather kinky feeling. Walking around thinking about masturbation with two strange men in the flat. And they don't even look half bad. A couple of handsome guys, actually.

I sit on the bed and play with my iPhone. No dirty messages. Perhaps I should send one myself, then? I feel like texting Sophie, telling her I've had rough sex with the two workmen. I giggle at the thought. She might just believe it -- and be a bit shocked -- and very curious. Yes, damn it -- I'll do it! I open iMessage and start typing:

"Hi Sophie ..."

"Excuse me."

I look up. The Turk stands in the doorway smiling tactfully at me. Yes -- he really is a bit of a hunk.

"We're done," he says. "Just go back to what you were doing."

The Viking stands behind him, smiling lewdly.

"What do you mean?" I ask. "I wasn't doing anything."

The two men glance at each other.

"Ah," the Turk says. "I believe you were."

I sit up in bed, feeling my nipples standing out, poking the silk robe. He's got a bit of a nerve! How does he know ...?

"Well, well," I reply cheerily. "You believe that, do you? And what do you think it was?"

The Turk does not reply -- just raises his eyebrows. The Viking takes one step forward and lets his gaze run up and down my body.

"A nice spring morning like this," he says quietly. "You might as well enjoy yourself a bit ..."

"Enjoy?" I say.

"I believe she's been enjoying her cunt," the Turk says to his Viking partner.

"You'd like that, wouldn't you?" I reply. "That's what you guys like to think about? Hot babes masturbating?"

Their smiles widen. Oh yes -- men love it when women talk dirty. I look from one to the other. They don't say a word. They're not quite sure what to make of me.

"So ..." I say slowly. "Would you like to watch?"

They nod. But I can tell: They don't believe I really mean it.

With a quick gesture I rip off my robe, sitting stark naked in front of them. Their eyes widen, their smiles fade. Men! What pushovers they are. Show them a pair of tits and a pussy and you can make them do anything. Anything,

"You like that?" I say huskily. "Two horny guys like you -- you'd like to se what I was doing?"

I don't await their reply. I lie on my back and spread my legs, hearing them sigh at the sight. My fingers find my wet cunt and begin to massage my clit. Oh yes. It's even better than before. The unexpected interruption has made my cunt even hungrier, and now -- two strange men are watching me masturbate. That's kinky as hell, and I rub myself even more vigorously -- for their sake.

I look at them. They have recovered from the initial shock, and lust has taken over. Their glazed eyes are focused on my cunt, occasionally scanning my naked body -- my long, slender legs, my full, soft breasts. I believe I can see their cocks starting to bulge beneath their white overalls.

"Ah!" I gasp.

The Turk takes a step forward and slowly approaches the bed. My eyes follow him as I masturbate eagerly. He puts his face between my thighs, and now I feel his mouth against my pussy lips.

"Ohh!" I cry.

Yes -- I had it coming. I've been showing off, turning them on. And now he wants to join in. Wasn't that what I was hoping for? His fat, wet tongue licks up my juice. I hear him swallowing -- drinking from my cunt. I let go with my fingers -- instead I feel his tongue rotating around my little, hard clitoris. He kisses it, sucks it greedily. And now -- now he forces two wide, male fingers up into my cunt and starts to thrust them in and out. I thrash about on the sheet in ecstasy.

"Ahhh, yes," I whimper. "Don't stop! Don't stop!"

He gradually increases the rhythm -- fingerfucking me, making slurping sounds between my thighs. The sensation is incredible. My juices squirt in little droplets across his hand.

I hear the sound of a zipper. The Viking has pulled down his fly and produced his cock. It's incredibly handsome: Long and wide -- crowned with reddish pubes at the root. Holding his half-erect member he walks to the bed, crawls up and straddles my face. I lift my head and open my mouth, allowing him to guide his cock in between my lips. I feel the hot member throbbing inside my mouth, straightening in tiny jerks. He grabs my hair and begins to slide his cock back and forth.

The Turk's fingers thrust violently in and out, in and out of my cunt -- until I can't hold back any longer. I feel the orgasm approaching -- more powerful than ever before. And suddenly I almost black out -- and I come.

"Mmm! Mmm!" I scream, the Viking's cock pumping in and out of my mouth.

I grab his buttocks hard -- if not, I would fall over. But his hand in my hair holds me up as he fucks my mouth in long, lusty thrusts. His cock is hard as stone now -- it jerks violently as if he's about to come. But suddenly he pulls out.

A loud "pah!" escapes me as the huge member pops out of my mouth.

The Turk looks up at me grinning between my trembling thighs, his face wet with my juices.

"I want to see your cock!" I hear myself whisper to him. "Show me!"

The Turk stands up and quickly pulls off his overalls. He's quite muscular and very hairy, his cock even longer than that of the Viking -- and completely erect. Playing with my cunt -- and feeling me climax -- has really turned him on.

The Viking stands by the bed, still wearing his overalls, lazily caressing his erect member. The Turks lies on top of me, guiding his huge cock directly towards the mouth of my pussy. I whimper in anticipation, feeling the head of his member pressing against my labia. My cunt opens and he enters me. I feel his long member slowly penetrating me -- inch by inch, until his entire shaft is buried inside my succulent slit. It's happening! I think. I'm about to get fucked!

I hardly understand how it happened: Lying here with one workman's cock inside me, the other watching, masturbating. But it's too late for regrets. I spread my legs, feeling the Turk slowly pull almost all the way out of my cunt. Only -- with a hard, violent motion -- to enter me all the way again. And then he begins pumping -- hard, deep thrusts, making me cry out with pleasure: "Yeees! Aaah!"

He grabs my wrists, holding me down as he fucks and fucks. I feel an almost superhuman strength in each and every thrust and it makes me so incredibly hot. He's completely in control -- I'm helplessly at the mercy of this muscle man and his massive cock. His hard, dark eyes stare at me -- his face almost devoid of expression -- except for determination and concentration. The hard member hammers in and out of me as the Viking stands above us, stroking his cock. A drop of clear fluid oozes from its tip.

Suddenly, the Turk pulls out.

"Ah!" he gasps. "Like that. Your turn."

The Viking almost jumps into bed with me -- and suddenly it's his cock I have inside me. Before I realize what's happening he begins to thrust. The rough fabric of his overalls rhythmically scratches the insides of my naked thighs.

"Oh!" I cry. "No ... ah!"

Now the Turk is standing next to the bed, massaging his impressive member. His dark shaft glistens, dripping with my love juices.

"Yeah," he says. "Two for the price of one, eh? It's your lucky day!"

The Viking fucks me relentlessly, his mouth open with excitement, his face flushed.

"Damnit," he gasps. "This is fucking good pussy!"

Eyes closed, I writhe on the bed, moaning. They're taking turns with me -- and I brought it on myself. The Viking's rock hard cock thrusts deep into me -- up and up and up, until I feel yet another orgasm surging through me.

"Aaah!" I scream. "Aaah!"

I thrust my abdomen up against the pumping cock. My entire body jerks spasmodically. The Viking groans with excitement.

"Ah, fuck it," he gasps. "I think I'm gonna come."

"Let her taste it!" the Turk commands.

The Viking pulls out, his glistening wet cock already jerking as he eagerly clambers up to my face.

"Ah!" he gasps. "Now open wide!"

I open my mouth just as the first spurt of semen bursts from his cock, hitting the back of my throat.

"Ohhh!" he yells. "Ohhh!" His cock fires again and again -- long, salty jets of spunk pumps into my wide open mouth. I swallow mouthful after mouthful until his ejaculation finally subsides. Then I gently close my lips around the swollen head of his cock.

The Turk has climbed back into the bed and I feel his fat cock entering me.

"Yeah," he pants. "Great pussy."

He begins fucking -- slowly this time. Pulling all the way out and sinking in to the hilt with every thrust. The Viking's cock pops from my mouth -- he steps down from the bed and sits in my armchair. He's still out of breath, his face flushed, his half-erect cock jutting out of the fly of his overalls.

The Turk's cock plunges in and out, in and out of my soft, tender pussy. I moan quietly. I don't think I can come anymore -- but the lustful motions of his cock seem to prolong the ecstasy of my previous orgasm -- to keep it going indefinitely. Stretching my arms, I grab the edges of the mattress.

"Pin me down," I whisper, "like before ..."

He smiles viciously, grabs my upper arms hard and forces me down into the mattress. Now he increases his tempo, still thrusting as deep, but in a more demanding rhythm.

"You're gonna get another load," he hisses. "I just gotta ... like that ..."

He thrusts faster and faster, as if using my pussy to masturbate his cock. It's not "lovemaking" anymore -- I'm reduced to a hole he uses for his pleasure -- to make himself ejaculate. And that excites me too. I whimper gratefully, feeling juices ooze from my cunt.

"Ohhh!" he yells. "Yeahhh!"

He pulls out, kneels between my legs, and places his hands on his hips. His huge, glistening cock jerks violently. And once again, spitting out a small load of sperm. But the third time a meter-long jet of white semen shoots into the air, landing like a long string from my belly to my left breast. The Turk's spunk feels burning hot against my naked skin. His cock jumps wildly -- spurt after spurt bursts out of it, decorating me with wild pattern of slimy semen. When his ejaculation finally -- finally -- subsides, he grabs his member in his big, hairy fist to masturbate the final, thick drops out of it.

"Yeah, like that," he grunts.

He closes his eyes, savouring the afterglow of his orgasm. Then he climbs out of the bed -- and suddenly I feel his hairy arms under my back and my legs. He lifts me up -- I feel light as a feather -- and carries me towards the bathroom. I feel myself relaxing completely -- just curious about what will happen next.

The Turk carries me into the bathroom and places me in the tub -- the smooth enamel feels cold against my hot skin. He takes the showerhead, turns on the water, and adjusts the temperature. Carefully he begins rinsing the semen of my body. I feel the warm jets of water trickling around my breasts, over my belly and thighs.

From the bedroom I hear the sound of fabric dropping to the floor. And shortly after, the Viking comes into the bathroom stark naked. He is skinnier than the Turk, but seems wiry and athletic. He sits on the toilet seat, watching intently as his partner washes me off.

The Turk lets the hard water jets circle my nipples. I feel it throughout my body -- rekindling my lust. I take the showerhead from his hand and smile naughtily to the two men.

"Well, boys," I say huskily. "Are you ready for a little show?"

Then I point the jet of water at my cunt. The sensation is even crazier than I expected, making me gasp loudly with lust. I look down between my legs, letting the drizzling water circle my tender clit. Waves of pleasure surge through my entire body, making me tremble in the tub.

"Oh!" I pant. "Oh! Oh!"

The two men recently ejaculated and I know what men are like: It takes some time before they're ready again. But as I look up at the Turk I get a huge surprise: His large cock is already fat and stiff again. He bares his teeth in a devilish grin, calmly stroking the hard shaft. Is it the sight of his erection that does it for me -- or the sensation of warm sprays of water against my cunt? I don't know. But whatever it is, yet another orgasm comes surging through my body, making me gasp and thrash about in the bathtub.

"Ohhh!" I moan. "Ohhh! Ohhh!"

"Yeah!" the Turk yells. "Like that! Keep going!"

Sobbing with joy I point the showerhead toward my cunt. I can hardly take anymore -- but I obey. If he orders me to come again, I shall. He masturbates at the sight. The Viking stands up -- his cock is only half-erect, but he massages it feverishly. He wants to join in.

"Damn it!" he hisses. "Come on!"

Then he finds the perfect cure for his predicament: He looks at me. Looks at my body, writhing lustfully in the tub, my wet breasts bouncing, the water pouring over my cunt, circling my jutting clit.

"Yeah ..." he whispers. "Fucking hot ..."

And now his cock begins to rise in little jerks. That is the power I possess: My naked body -- my shameless lust -- that's what men like. That's what arouses them -- makes their cocks stand at attention -- and makes them spurt.

The two men stand above me, masturbating, as I let the showerhead play across my tender cunt.

"Come on!" the Turk commands. "Come on!"

The orgasm hits me so hard I think I'm going to faint. Every muscle in my body straightens out, tightens, quivers. I sob helplessly, waves of pleasure rushing through me. All I sense is my own flesh.

"Yeah!" the Turk grunts. "Like that!"

I look up just in time to see the head of his cock swelling madly before the first long spurt of semen shoots out, hitting me in the face. His massive cock fires and fires -- while I lie there in the bathtub beneath a fountain of spunk.

"Oh!" the Viking cries. "Take it! Take it all!"

He, too, begins to ejaculate. Grunting and roaring the two men empty their hot semen over my face and body. Their ejaculations merge with my own orgasm, my own lust -- as if I was shooting sperm all over myself.

And finally: Silence.

Only the sound of heavy breathing -- mine and the two men's. We're spent. We can't go on.

The shower is still running. I wash the last two ejaculations off my body. Then I turn off the water.

Smiling, the two workmen exit the bathroom. I hear them get dressed. Hear them leave the flat -- without a word of goodbye. But what is there to say, anyway?

I lie in the bathtub for a long time -- breathing deeply. I need a cigarette. But I'm not moving.