 As a high level executive, I work very long hours. I am a total professional, conservative, hardworking, prim and proper. My entire clothing wardrobe is tailored, expensive and high quality. My entire life is careful and deliberate, including my private life. My social circle is chosen carefully to network both the business and myself. I am always in control -- of myself and of the situation. 

The fantasy always involved being sexually out of control -- to be the plaything rather than the player. I needed to be sexually used. I wanted to dress in the most disgustingly whorish outfit I could find and get myself fucked beyond reason. I wanted it hot, nasty and crude- the total opposite of my refined lifestyle. I decided it was time to make it a reality. 

I deliberated over placing an ad for months. I read a lot of websites first before choosing the swinger site on which I'd place my ad. I posted a racy pic and just a few lines describing what I wanted -- a group of men to fuck me until I'm raw. No lovemaking or tender foreplay. No cuddle. I wanted to be a whore for a night. 

The ad brought 100's of invitations, most of which were completely inappropriate. The most promising of the first wave of responses came from David -- a man in his 50's representing a group of friends who'd talked about hiring a prostitute for the final NASCAR Championship race. 

First Meeting

Our first meeting was at 7 and I was running late. My 30 minute meeting at 4:30pm had stretched into a 2 hour meeting. I pulled into Applebees parking lot at 7:05pm feeling irritable and flustered. I hated being late. On the way over I touched up my makeup, tousled my hair, ditched the suit jacket and unbuttoned my blouse a little more to show some cleavage. I had worn a blouse that was a bit translucent and my white lace bra was just barely visible underneath. I took a moment to look at my reflection in the car window and pull myself together. I took deep breath and put my shoulders back to get myself back in control.

David looked exactly like his picture and was easy to find at the bar. "David?" I put my hand on his shoulder to make sure he heard me over the din. 

"Ryanna! You made it." He looked me right in the eye. 

"Were you waiting long?" I asked.

"Not long." He looked me up and down, not in a leering way at all, but in that way nice men do when they see something they like. 

David was instantly likeable in that hard working blue collar class kind of way. Within 5 minutes I knew his friends and I would get along just fine. We went over a few ground rules. Boring things like whether or not they could take pics, who would supply the condoms and pay for the room and what my limits were. To me, the conversation was more like a business transaction than a discussion of the debased night of fucking we both hoped would be the product of this meeting. By the time we wrapped up the negotiations, however, David was having a difficult time looking at my face rather than my tits. 

It was obvious he wanted to reach out and take a tit in his hand but nice men don't do that sort of thing in public. I leaned toward him over the table. "Would you like a preview?" I whispered. He shook his head like he'd thought he'd misheard. I smiled at him and teased a finger down my breast bone in a way that was not too overly obvious to anyone but him. He hesitated but then nodded his head. 

10 minutes later we had the key to a room at the Motel 6 next door -- a hotel frequented by rented women. He was unsure of himself - nice men would be. I stripped down to bra and panties and pushed myself up against him. "Fuck me," I said in his ear as I reached down to find the soft bulge in his pants. 

Nature quickly took over and in the next 20 minutes he had fucked every one of my holes as thoroughly as one man can. 10 minutes later I was walking to my car - the address and time of the party recorded in my Blackberry. 

The Party

Finally the day had come. I had scheduled my afternoon open and had spent the last 5 hours readying myself for the fulfillment to come. I had been manicured, pedicured, smooth shaven, waxed and perfumed. A washable tramp stamp had been applied to the small of my back by a helpful friend earlier in the day. My nude reflection screamed 'slut'. 

My clothing, acquired from an adult internet site, only accentuated the part - a really cheap looking hot pink bra and thong, a stretchy bright pink dress that barely covered my breasts and came to mid thigh. It was just long enough so that when I bent fully over my slit would be just barely covered. I completed the look with matching pink fishnet thigh high hose and chunky clear 6" heels. 

David called about an hour ago from room 205 at Embassy Suites wanting to know if 8 was too many. Certainly not! I thought about the experience to come. 8 cocks poking at me, 16 hands grabbing at me, and 16 eyes watching me descend to the depths of sluttery. My fantasy played itself in my mind and readied my body for what was to come. 

The drive to the hotel took about 20 minutes. By the time I got to the hotel, my body had already begun to sweat and my tight little box was wet in anticipation. I parked near a side entrance and quickly made my way to the elevator hoping to avoid being seen by anyone. Room 205 was right near the elevator on the second floor. I had waited so long for this and now it was happening so fast. Maybe I should have had second thoughts but it never occurred to me to turn back now. 

I took a deep breath and knocked on the door. A large black man opened it and looked me up and down greedily. "You Ryanna?" He asked. 

"Yes." I replied. 

And then I was in the room, the door closed and locked behind me. The room was filled with men. The table in the eating area was full of snacks and various alcohol and beer bottles. The NASCAR race was on the television, which was quickly turned off. I looked into the bedroom part of the suite and saw a tripod with a camera and an extra light on a pole. On the floor next to it was a bowl full of condoms and a pump bottle of lubricant. A porn producer could not have set the stage any better. 

A couple of the men stood up but made no motion toward me. All of the men seemed frozen as if they didn't know what to do. There was a lot of tension in the room. These guys obviously had never done anything like this before, and although I'd had threesomes before, it was never anything like this. 

The fantasy and the way the stage was set required jumping right into the sex. Something had to be done to break the ice and I decided it was up to me. I set my purse down next to the TV cabinet and took the couple of steps to stand in front of the big black man who had let me in. 

I stood up against him and put my hand on his chest and looked up into his face, using the façade I had built for business to cover my nervousness. "What's your name?" I asked. 

"Tyrone." he replied smiling down at me. I moved my hand down over his sweatpants and found the bulge of his flaccid dick and what felt to be big loose hanging balls. He backed up half a step but I didn't move my hand away from his pants. Instead I lowered myself so that I was crouching on my big heels and my mouth was level with his crotch. I knew the view the men had behind me. My hot pink dress was tight over my firm ass and my barely covered slit was hanging in mid air. I knew they would be straining to catch the slightest view and the thought of it made me eager to get to the waiting cocks. 

I put my hands on the outside of Tyrone's thighs to steady myself and I ran my mouth over his bulge through his pants, teasing it to life. He groaned and leaned forward pushing his hips toward me. I moved both my hands to his waistband and pulled his pants and boxers down to free his growing cock. It bounced obscenely in my face in a way that commanded me to suck it. I pulled his pants all the way down and he stepped out of them. 

I squatted there in front of him, hungrily taking in the huge black toy bobbing in front of me. Eager to play with it, reached up and grasped it in my right hand. The monster was more than 2 palms in length and so big around I could not close my entire hand around it. With my other hand I pulled him toward me so that his balls danced over my face. I took one nut into my mouth and played with it, sucking it lightly and letting his big black manhood lay over my face. 

"She's gonna poke her fucking eye out" someone said, and laughter filled the room as the awkwardness and tension broke slightly. 

I put the other nut in my mouth and sucked them both, rolling them around in there. He twitched them on my tongue and his dick grew even bigger on my face. I tongued my way up his meaty shaft and slowly worked his enormous head into my mouth. He put his hands on the back of my head and started slowly pushing his way in. I had never swallowed dick this big. His head alone filled up my entire mouth. I changed my stance, changed my breathing and loosened up my throat so he could slide his way down. He worked his way in until my nose was buried in his soft and fragrant pubic hair. 

Tyrone pulled my head back by my hair forcing me to look up into his face, my own face still full of his enormous dick. "You want more dick, Bitch?" he asked. 

I grunted yes and nodded my head as he began to extract his cock. I was so turned on by the fact this man understood the part I wanted to play. 

He inched his dick down my throat one more time and held my head firmly against him for a few moments, gagging me just a little in the process. "Choke on it, bitch." Tyrone said softly as I gagged a little more. 

I could hear belts and zippers being undone as the other men began to free themselves. As Tyrone buried himself into my throat for the third time I sensed the breathing of the silent but watchful men behind me change and I knew they were stroking themselves. Once more I completely swallowed Tyrone and took in the heady aroma of his groin as I buried my nose in his pubes. As he pulled out this time I purposely allowed a thin thread of spit to connect the emerged head of his dick to my tongue and then twirled my tongue to break it. 

"Damn, girl", one of the men behind me said. 

I stood up slowly, arching my back for maximum rear effect and kissing my way up Tyrone's body as I did so. I gave Tyrone a deep kiss so he could taste his dick on my mouth before turning around to face the rest of the men. All but one had their dicks in their hands. I was still in control but the horny factor in the room was going up fast. I knew with a little more teasing the group would be unstoppable and I would be able to lose all control to them. 

I walked over to what seemed the oldest in the group, the one who didn't have his dick out. He sat in a dining chair in a wide stance. He could be anyone's dad -- the wedding ring clearly visible, a bit of a beer belly, salt and pepper flat top. The poor man was trying very hard not to look terrified and probably thinking "what the hell am I doing here". I boldly sat back in his lap sideways and put my arms around his neck. 

"What is your name?" I asked him, smiling. 

"Bo." He said nervously. 

"Well Bo, honey, do you want to fuck me?" I asked as I began to lightly kiss his cheek. The poor man couldn't answer but only cleared his throat. I took his hand and guided it up the outside of my tight dress, up to my right tit. With a little encouragement he began to feel my boobs on his own. 

"Bo hasn't had any in so long he don't know what to do with it" someone said. 

"Fuck you, Larry!" Bo shot back. As if to prove Larry wrong, Bo shifted me around so I was straddling him and he could get both hands on my tits. He began to molest my boobs with his hands as I slowly gyrated in his lap. His tanned hands set against the bright pink of my dress caused me to catch my breath a little. After a few moments, my nipples were straining to be free of clothing and I decided to let Bo have the first view. 

I stood up and backed up about 5 feet from Bo and began to fondle my own breasts for him. I moved erotically in a silent dance of self caresses, inching the straps of my dress down over my shoulders and teased Bo with what was about to come. Finally I pulled the top of my dress down, exposing my thin lacy pink bra and ample cleavage. My enormous nipples jabbed at the flimsy fabric. I closed my eyes and moved around, cupping my bra and running my hands over my nips, licking my lips. 

Finally I went back to Bo and straddled him with my legs wide open, wiggling slowly over his crotch. His eyes were locked onto my entrapped bosom, his hands instinctively moved over my thighs and up my sides to my back. Unable to find the hook there, he quickly moved to the front and with shaking eager fingers popped open my bra to free me. 

My tits bounced in his face and he quickly lowered his head to bury himself in my cleavage. I wiggled out of my bra and put it around the back of his neck to pull him into me, arching my back to push my tits more into his face. The other men egged him on with "Go Bo" as he orally and manually took my tits to full advantage as his dick grew inside his pants under me. I leaned back and put my palms on his knees and put my head back so my back arched up and pointed my tits up in the air while I rubbed my now very juicy slit into the big bulge under the zipper of his pants. 

I completely gave myself over to Bo's molestation of my nips and the feel of his hard zipper rubbing on my crotch. In less than 2 minutes of this I could feel the waves of a nipple orgasm tightening inside me. Bo seemed to know what I needed, sat up in his chair and begin to pinch and pull my nips hard as I gyrated obscenely against his pants. Suddenly I was exploding and crying out. The men watching cheered as my first orgasm wiped away the last bit of awkwardness in the room. 

While I was still dizzy with orgasm they had me on my feet and over to the couch. I got on my knees between the legs of the first man and began to greedily suck at his cock. He pulled his pants down a little to give me better access. For a moment I just buried my face into his fuzzy groin and breathed in the sweaty man smell. His pole was just the right size to suck on. As I slurped him, another man got behind me and pulled my dress up over my ass. I was aware of the flash and sound of a camera as my slit was exposed behind me and fingers were playing with me. I was too busy playing with the nice sized cock in my mouth to really much care. I sucked him until he decided he'd had enough and handed me off to the next man sitting on the couch. I lapped up his cock with equal greed. 

Drunk with cock I barely noticed that they stood me up, stripped me down to fishnets and heels and led me into the large bedroom. They sat me on the corner of the bed so I was facing the camera with my pussy wide open and then lay me down so my feet were still on the floor. Three men climbed up on the bed and bobbed their dicks in my face. Another man got between my legs, pushed them wide apart and started playing with my slit. 

I took first one then another of the bobbing dicks into my red lips and found the other two with my hands as fingers and tongues danced all around my smooth very wet slit. The floodgates of sex opened up. I heard the men talking and laughing as they switched off and took turns at my face. 

Men came and went at my pussy. At one point Tyrone worked his enormous dick up into me and started fucking me. It pulled me away from the cock buffet in my face and forced me center all my attention on him. 

He reached down and lifted my legs as one of the men at my head moved to get my head up into his lap so I could watch Tyrone fuck me. Tyrone held the back of my legs by my calves and spread me wide open so everyone could watch him spear me. His enormous condom clad meat stretched my pussy to it's limits mixing pain and pleasure with each hard thrust. I could feel his big sweaty balls slapping at my asshole. 

I watched the ripples of his muscles as he rammed himself again and again into my tight sopping wet cunt. I watched his dark hands gripping my hot pink legs, my slutty looking feet bobbing in the air as he fucked me. He was grunting like a bull in heat. The force of our bodies slamming against each other forced the air out of both our lungs with each thrust. His eyes moved back and forth from my bouncing tits to the vision of my engorged pussy lips gripping greedily at his shaft. 

He leaned forward, gripped the backs of my knees and pulled my ass up off the bed, tucking my knees up under my armpits. Tyrone slammed me harder, the position giving him even deeper access. My lower legs bounced over his arms. I struggled to breathe as the pain of each thrust tore at me. He assaulted my pussy again and again until I couldn't hold on any longer and an insane explosion ricocheted through my loins. I grabbed at his arms with wild animal lust screaming out loud "fuck me, fuck me, yes yes yes, fuck me harder". 

My pussy clamped down on his huge cock and my juices slurped out and down over my ass crack. The orgasm rocked me so deeply I thought I might lose consciousness. Every pore of my skin tingled, my hot pussy screamed. I fought for air, but I didn't want it to stop. As if my very life depended on the fucking to continue I begged "rip me open". 

He slammed me even harder, even faster. Snorting and grunting. Sweat dripped down his shiny chocolate chest onto my belly. Again and again the onslaught continued. Unbelievably his cock grew even bigger. Suddenly his pace slowed just a bit and he stiffened. He pulled out of me, ripped off the condom and jacked as a huge white load squirted out of him all over my lower belly. I reached down between my legs and rubbed the searing hot liquid all over my belly and his still hard cock. 

Satisfied, Tyrone backed out from my tingling pink legs but I was their whore and I wanted more. I flipped over on my hands and knees so they could fuck me from behind. Wasting no time a hungry man knelt between my legs, grabbed two handfuls of ass and rammed his dick into my hot pink pussy. Another man knelt in front of me and rammed his short but very fat cock into my mouth, his low hanging balls slapping at my chin. 

My tits danced under me as I got pounded on both ends. The room smelled of nothing but sex and sweat and sounded of ragged breathing, moaning, grunting and skin slapping skin. There was little talking. Only a few words amongst the men to decide who's turn it was to fuck me and the occasional comment about what a nasty little cum slut I was. 

The nameless man fucking my face didn't take long to shoot his load down my throat and was quickly replaced by another man. He lay in front of me, gently grasped my head and began to thrust his purple meat up into my willing mouth. 

A new man had also taken his place at my holes. By now my pussy was so wet and sloppy that a normal sized cock was lost in there. I felt my ass cheeks being spread apart and the pressure of a sloppy wet dick pressed firmly against my anus. He hesitated.  

"How bad do you want it, slut?" he asked. I grunted into the dick in my face, lowered my shoulders, pushed my ass in the air and pressed downward with my muscles to force my asshole to open up. Everyone heard the "POP" as his head popped in. He inched his way in. The exquisite pain of being stretched open made me throw my head back and cry out. 

"Fuck my ass, oh please fuck my ass." I pleaded with pathetic animal lust. Whoever was behind me got all the way in and then began to slowly fuck me but soon quickened the pace. His dick felt like a huge red hot poker being shoved up my ass. I gasped and grunted wildly against the cock in my mouth. 

I lost all sense of the room. My entire mind focused on the huge cock splitting me open. Every sensation was amplified. His fingers dug into my ass cheeks pulling me apart so he could watch himself bury his cock into my ass. His balls slapped hard against my pussy with each thrust and when he pulled back out the juices pouring out of my hole caused his nuts to stick to my body for a moment. 
