 Carla and Don had had spent quite a bit of time discussing their fantasies. Perhaps that is all they were to each other, writing buddies and sharers of fantasy, fantasy that was not anything more then what it was, sex, comfort, and closeness. They really did have fun together when they were able to be with one another. He made her laugh and she listened to him talk about life long into many a night. They would play for hours and then spend as much time as they could afterwards holding each other and talking. 

One of his fantasies involved his wife. Carla had a similar thought. 

"I want to spend a night, just one night with you and Mary." Carla came out with one late night as they lay in each other's arms. "I want to see how you are together. I want to see you please your wife and see her please you."

"What? You're crazy!" Don sat up in bed. "I know I've said before I could picture the three of us together, but it's only that a vision, a fantasy." 

"Let's do it please, try to talk to her." Carla whispered into his ear as he lay spent and spread eagled on the hotel bed. 

Don didn't respond to the comment, but he made love to his mistress later that night with the fantasy of both Carla and Mary in his head. It really did turn him on to think of a threesome with his two favorite women. But after he had cum with an intensity that told him the fantasy would be incredible to experience, he still convinced himself it was just that a pure fantasy. He never seriously thought of it again...

At 52 and married to a woman going through menopause Don thought his days of a fruitful sex life were all behind him. Sex had not been great for the last three years, for the last several months, save for the time with Carla it had actually been non-existent except for a couple of quickie handjobs in bed with Mary. 

Mary and Don's thirtieth wedding anniversary was coming up in a couple weeks and one evening as they sat on opposite sides of the living room, on their respective laptops, Mary asked what they were going to do to celebrate. 

"I haven't thought that far ahead." Don responded without looking up from his computer. 

"Really? So you don't have anything planned this year?" Mary was surprised. Her husband had always been creative when it came to their anniversaries. This year she had something very special in mind herself though. 

Don still looked down at his laptop screen. "I suppose we'll have a nice dinner, or maybe we can go to a dinner theater and then come back home and screw our brains out." He was serious about the dinner, but only being obligatorily teasing about the latter. But he looked up and out of the corner of his eye waiting for her reaction anyway. 

Mary didn't say a thing as she kept her gaze down at her computer. He asked with a bit of curiosity, "Why?"

Mary simply smiled and suppressed a giggle, her green eyes twinkling with an impish gleam as she kept them directed down at her laptop. "Oh, nothing. Just asking."

* * * * *

The couple's anniversary came and they did go out for the evening to a nice restaurant. They were their normal selves and had a lot of laughs and were in a good mood. They were still very much in love regardless of the lack of physical intimacy over the last couple of years. 

Until...

Arm in arm, they climbed the stairs to their house and once inside, they kissed passionately for several long moments, running their hands over each. As they embraced Mary let her hand drift down and caressed Don's thigh with her fingernails.

"You still want to screw my brains out tonight?" She cooed.

Don was instantly thrilled, to the point a warm shiver ran through him. But he also wary as Mary had not been this forward in years, nor had she had much to drink, something that used to get her in a frisky mood. He played along, sure this would end in disappointment on his part once gain.

"I'm all yours baby." He wrapped his arms tightly around her. 

"Ooh!" she sighed, feeling the obvious bulge emerging in his pants. "Is that what I think it is?" 

"Would you like to find out?" Don teased as he released her and proceeded to kick his shoes off and reach for his belt. 

"No wait!" Mary practically yelled. Then she pulled a scarf from her pocket, smiling at him. "Stand still. I have a special surprise for you. But first you have to put this on." She wrapped the silky material around his head, covering his eyes. "Can you see?"

"Nope, but I'm starting to worry a bit. You've never..." 

"Shhh, quiet!" Mary quickly silenced him by putting her fingers to his lips. "Here take my hand and follow me." 

Don was led though their house, all the way his thoughts ran the gamut, from his wife having gone out and bought some sexy lingerie to her having new silk sheets on their bed...neither of which she'd ever done before, but there was always a first time. So far that night, she had surprised him with other things she had not said and done in years. The most recent kiss was still on his lips and reverberated down to his groin.

As he could feel them passing through the hallway toward their bedroom he smelled what he was sure was the fragrance of scented candles. She was indeed setting the mood he thought. But then he just as quickly wondered how she could have done that when they had been out to dinner for the last couple of hours. She still had his hand and was next to him so she couldn't have struck any matches to light the candles.

"How did..." He started to ask. 

But before he could think much more about it, "Shhh, I said be quiet." Mary cut him off again. Next thing he knew she began to undress him. 

"Now stay still and don't get grabby." Mary told him. "Let me do all the work." She said as she removed his shirt, gliding one hand lightly over his chest, tickling his already erect nipples. 

Don sucked in a very deep breath at the exhilarating touch and even before he could exhale she pulled the belt from his pants, quickly pulling it through every belt loop, making a swishing sound as it slid from around his waist. Her fingers were quickly at his waist to unfasten the snap and before he knew it both it and his zipper were undone. He sensed his wife was kneeling as she helped him out of his pants and then his socks one by one. Her soft warm hands on his feet were surprisingly even erotic. Mary was not only uncharacteristically eager but she was very surprisingly adept with her two hands. He had never known her to be this aggressive in all their thirty years of marriage. 

But Don swore to himself he was going to enjoy it.

Standing there only in his boxers he felt her breath on his ear and then her tongue tracing from the lobe on around the edge.

"Now wait just another second." She whispered softly.

Don heard the bed give, presumably Mary moving around pulling down the covers for them. No more than a few seconds after that and his boxers were suddenly pulled from his hips. Don sucked in a sharp breath at the shock. 

He could feel her hair against his bare thighs. "Wow, is someone rather frisky tonight, or what baby?" He called down to his wife. 

"Just relax and enjoy this." Mary purred as she lifted his one leg then the other pulling off his underwear.

"Oh I am, as if you couldn't tell." Don said and shook his hips, feeling his manhood still growing and waving out in front of him. 

"So I see." Mary replied sounding as if she stood off a bit now.

Then hands caressed his thighs, sliding up under his balls, fingernails lightly raking them until her fingers closed around the base of his shaft.

"You must like that." Mary's voice came to him only to Don it sounded as if it came from the other side of the room. It was then he sensed something different, an aroma over and above the scented candles. This familiar smell was much closer. He stood there completely naked in the artificial darkness of the blindfold and tried to recall the fragrance. 

He heard the bed rustle again, as if someone sat on it now, but how? His wife's hand was still on his hardening cock.

Then just as that hand on his manhood slipped up its length it hit him, the fragrance, it was perfume. It was...it was Carla's!

He heard more movements on the bed just as he felt warm lips encircle the head of his cock. Don tensed and reached up for the blindfold. He whipped it off in one quick flourish and before his eyes he saw Mary sitting on their bed a few feet away in only her white panties. She was smiling at him in the candlelit bedroom.

Then he felt the velvety smoothness of two warm lips and a mouth engulf his manhood. He looked down and with his eyes wide in pure shock he saw his lover swallowing his cock. "Carla!" He called out but again was cut off, this time as her lips tickled the hairs at the base of his manhood as she took him in whole. She flicked her tongue back and forth under his shaft as she sucked it in to her throat. 

The real man in him couldn't help but moan his pleasure regardless of the surprise. 

"Happy Anniversary, Dear!" Mary called out. "Carla, this is Don. Don, this is Carla. Oh wait. You two already know one another." 

Don's heart felt as if it was about to stop completely.

"Don't be embarrassed," Carla called up to her lover after her mouth came off his manhood.

Don looked back down and saw Carla was naked except for her panties as she looked up at him now her tongue licking around her red lips. 

"We thought we'd surprise you." Mary spoke again. 

"But, what...I mean..." Don tried to speak, but was too dumbfounded seeing his mistress of several months in their bedroom, not only that, but with both her and his wife stripped down to nothing but their panties. 

"Don't be so up tight, Don." Carla chided from her kneeling position. "It's not like you haven't had your big bad cock in my mouth before."

"Is that right, dear? Has Carla had your big bad cock in her very bad hot mouth?" 

"Uh..." Don still could not speak as he looked down at his mistress and watched her tongue flicking up around his bobbing cock head.

"Come on now, dear," Mary coaxed, "I think you're really attractive standing there like that. Look at him Carla, don't you agree?"

Don turned his sights back to his wife laying stretched out cross-ways on their bed, only in her white satin underwear. "This is crazy. What have you two got going on here? What am I..."

"Let's hear it for Don's big bad penis!" Mary cut him off still once more.

Carla cheered, "Ooooh! Yeah!"

"Ok, so dear, now that you are naked and your friend has dropped in to see us, what do you think about performing for the both of us?"

"Yeah, be a sport, stud." Carla said and shook his manhood in her hand. "Turn back around here and let me get some more of that wonderful tasty cock of yours."

"You girls are crazy," Don declared, but nevertheless he glanced at Mary, taking in her nearly naked form, before he diverted his eyes back down at his equally naked mistress.

"You know what I noticed the first time I held your husband like this was how exceptionally hard he felt. His cock was the first that had ever stubbornly resisted my efforts to bend it downward. I had never inspired a reaction like this in a man before. Then I realized what it was: It was passion! It was wonderful, glorious, exhilarating passion. Your husband is a very passionate lover, Mary. I love the feeling of his cock in my hand right when the throbbing starts." She said looking up into Don's eyes continuing the long smooth strokes with both hands now. "Don't you like that Mary?"

"Especially since I've never done that, you know, with my mouth, to him ever." Mary replied.

"Well, I certainly got him worked up for you, now it's your turn." Carla said as she gave Don's fully hard penis a shake. "Plus I think two heads, or two mouths, are better than one. So let's both stroke his ego a bit and see what comes out of it!"

"Would you like that, dear?" Mary laughed huskily.

"I uh, yes," he replied, still feeling horny and guilty at the same time.

In a sudden motion, his wife moved off the bed and came to stand next to him and the other woman.

"You'd better thank Carla for getting me to do this then." Mary laughed again.

Standing up, Carla took the initiative and kissed Don on the lips. He could taste the salty remnants of his pre-cum in her mouth. Then she broke away and laughed herself. "It was so fun sucking you while you thought it was your wife going down on you." She still held his cock and pointed it at her. "Time for dessert, Mary." 

They all three now faced each other in a triangle in the candlelight.

Don couldn't help but notice something as the two women stood before him. They were not sisters, but their builds, down to their equally full breasts were very similar. The only stark difference was their hair, one blonde, one formerly brunette, now graying. Carla's blonde hair reflected the candle light. They were both more than attractive, honestly he thought, just the visual of these two women in only their underwear was almost enough to make him cum. Just the sensual electricity in the air was enough to make him feel thick and sensitive. 

Mary and Carla wrapped themselves around him. Don couldn't believe he had one hand on his wife's bottom and the other on his mistress's as they both rubbed on him, his full, rigid cock wedged between their bare hips.

Mary stretched up on her tiptoes and kissed her husband deeply. "You are in big trouble buster but before I exact my jealous revenge maybe your hard penis here might convince me otherwise." She slid her hip back and forth across his length, squeezing it between her and the other woman even more snugly. "It had better if you know what's good for you." Mary's hand traveled from her husband's chest down to where she surrounded his hard cock in her warm palm and started to pull on him gently. 

Then abruptly Mary took a step back and leaned down. She flicked her warm tongue over his cock head. 

Don sucked in a huge breath at the completely unexpected move by his wife. It was his turn to lift up on his tiptoes in surprise and pure pleasure.

Mary's face lit up as she let out a giggle and dropped to her knees in front of Don as Carla shifted over to make room. She slid her hands up his thighs and took his shaft in her hand then tentatively she wrapped her lips around him. She pressed forward until she had just more than the crown in her mouth. 

"Taste good?" Carla asked.

"Um-hum," Mary grunted, without stopping and then came off his shaft. "Dee-licious."

"Mmmm, don't I know." Carla licked and smacked her own lips. "Okay, before you go back down on him lick the pre-cum from his cock head," instructing her pupil's inexperienced art of oral lovemaking, "that gets him off really good." Then she looked up at Don and winked.

"She should know, shouldn't she, dear?" Mary reached back and smacked her husband sharply on his bare ass. "She has done it often enough for you in the last several months."

"What? Yeah, I guess she has." Don exhaled and started to wonder again if this was not what it appeared to be, a mutual easing into a fantasy of a threesome. But before he could inhale a second time... 

Mary took him fully into her mouth.

She paused halfway down his length and looked up into his eyes. She let him know she really did want him, that she wanted him like this and let him feel the tightness of her mouth. She took him in until her throat actually caressed the head of his cock. That tickled her back there to the point she had to come off and cough. 

"Cu-huh..."

"Mustn't take too much, too quickly or you'll gag yourself." Carla warned as Mary slid him back into her mouth. "Just let him know how much you want him to cum. Make him want to cum in your mouth."

His wife averted her wide eyes to Carla at that last comment, but she still held her husband's cock fully in her mouth. 

Don's world consisted only of his cock and his wife's mouth. He couldn't believe what she was doing, he couldn't believe more just how incredibly good it felt for a first time ever blowjob from his loving wife. He could feel himself trying to stiffen even more, as his balls began to tighten and tingle.

Carla got back into the act and began licking his thighs and stomach, running her hands up between his legs and rubbing her breasts against his knees, while his wife continued to eagerly suck him. In a moment they traded off and Carla's mouth replaced his wife's. 

Don shuddered and let out a sigh. 

As Carla continued her expert work on his cock, taking more of his shaft between her wonderful lips, Mary didn't just sit back at this point but began to lap her tongue up under his swelling balls. Moaning with pleasure, he put a hand to each of the women's head. The feeling of the two women's tongues was unbelievable as they worked together in concert, licking and sucking. Don thought sure he would shoot off in no time with all this attention, instead the pleasure of two mouths working on him simultaneously reduced him to a bundle of nerves that felt all the ecstatic sensations but none of the race to orgasm. He stood there with his hands resting on one brunette head and one blonde head, closed his eyes and just thoroughly enjoyed the moment. 

The women continued to take turns sucking on his cock. Again and again he was taken by one luscious mouth and then the other each loving him wetly and warmly. He strangely and curiously found himself trying to decide which one was better than the other. Of course Carla had much more experience but Mary was a quick learner. He found Mary used more tongue, while Carla managed to get more of him into her mouth and sucked a little harder. 

At one point Carla held her position for nearly a minute, only slightly bobbing her head up and down as she sucked so hard her cheeks drew in tight around his shaft, then she drew back up slowly from his cock. A long string of her saliva dangled from her lips connected to the very tip of his fully hard, fully wet erection. She reached up and broke the string with her finger then used that same finger to touch Mary's lips. "Okay, your turn again."

Mary didn't hesitate this time and had her mouth on her husband in a flash. Her pace quickened as her own saliva dripped down across his balls. Carla tongued them feeding the fires within Don's rolling and throbbing sacs. The women had his hips moving up and back as he felt his raw instinct taking control. He wanted to cum in his wife's mouth, to give her all of his cum, never wanting to stop. But he wasn't sure Mary was ready for something like that being this was her first time taking him like this at all. But when he looked down at his nearly naked wife, her green eyes filled with a primal lust of her own, her mouth open and tongue extended eagerly awaiting the arrival of the first of his cum.

He knew it was right. He instantly felt his cum build up out of his balls. 

"Unnghh...I'm...gonna...cum!" Don panted. He felt the surge well up inside him and the rush of cum flow up his thick shaft.

Carla felt it too and acting upon some unspoken agreement between the two of them, she grasped Don's long hard shaft just as he erupted. She aimed his cock head at Mary's waiting mouth. Hot thick lines and globs of cum sailed through the oval of his wife's lips as his mistress pointed him there. Shot after shot of cum flew out until it all became too much for his wife and some flowed down over her chin and neck and finally down over her heaving breasts. 

When Don was done, Carla took his cock head and sucked off the remaining drip. When she released her lover, he collapsed back on the bed. He lay back propped up on his elbows and stared at the two nearly naked women, Carla licking the remnants from her lips and Mary licking hers and fingering his cum that had drooled down her neck and chest. He saw in the candlelight her one nipple was shiny with his cum. He mused inwardly at how it stood up hard, proud and sticky. 
