 Mark is 5'11", 180. Firm muscular build, brown hair and eyes. Has a charming baby face but well endowed and definitely attractive. Single at the moment, a friend to Nathan. 20 years old. 

Brian is the opposite of Mark. He stands just over six feet tall, 210, athletic and firm as well. Sandy blond hair and bright blue eyes. Two matching dimples he shows when he smiles, he is a natural born flirt and has had his eye on Nathan's girl for awhile. Out of respect he hasn't touched her or spoken of it. 21 years old. 

The party. 

Renee and I had a raging party, everyone who was anyone was there. All our friends, couples and singles alike came and had a blast. We all partied from early afternoon until late into the night, dancing, shots the whole nine yards. No one got out of hand or too soused, which was a good thing in my book. I came into the living room and sat down after helping Renee in the kitchen. We got everything cleaned up and seen the last few people to the door. The only two that remained were Mark and Brian. We had previously discussed them crashing out in the living room for tomorrow's football game. Mark being the smart-ass he was, showed up already dressed for bed. Wearing a T-shirt and boxers, everyone had a laugh at that all throughout the party. Brian was a little more reserved and wore street clothes, though the two joked around all night about how many beers it would take to get Brian down to his boxers as well. 

"Dumbass! I don't wear underwear.. Such a looser sometimes." He taunted Mark off and on all night until finally they gave up trying to rile the other and sat down to watch some t.v. 

Renee came out from the kitchen, her dress still in perfect condition, even after avoiding groping and reaching hands all night. I watched as she walked to the chair across from me. Her seductive movements always seemed to catch my eye, even the first time I saw her. My eyes have been glued to her since then and I didn't plan on stopping any time soon. She was beautiful, not only in my eyes but everyone around me would comment on ‘how lucky' I was. I tended to agree with them, often bragging just to get them envious, but truth was I cared for her deeper than just her looks. She was curvy where women should be, trim and shapely but not a stick. Her assets as she called them were her 38 double D's, beautiful breasts. Course I was a tit man. Some liked asses or legs, I loved tits. 

My thoughts turned to a pervious discussion I had gotten out of her, a fantasy she had and wanted to try but was too shy to ever instigate it. My eyes moved to hers, catching and holding her attention as I rose a questioning brow. She smiled and parted her legs slightly, shifting in her seat and recrossing. She wore no panties under her dress?! When did she take those off? I smiled, winking at her and wondering what else she had done while I wasn't watching? She shifted again, my eyes lowered to her low cut dress. I could clearly see her pert nipples poking through as she shifted around on her seat. She was excited, I could see it in her movements she tried to cover up as well as her hard buds poking out. Ah ha! She wore no bra either, the little tease! I smiled again, the devilish glit showing in my eyes now completely fixated on her. 

My thoughts had gotten side tracked thanks to her little tease, but I was determined to find a way to give her the fantasy of her dreams. I was secure in this, I knew she would like who was chosen for her. She had often admired these two and made comments to me. Recently while I was fucking her I would bring up scenarios involving either of the two on the couch. Each time she would get even more excited, cum harder than before. She loved the combination in her mind. Me watching her as she banged two of my friends. That was her fantasy, I just brought it to life after getting her to admit it. Tonight we'd see how it went and if she wanted to. She caught my eye, hers were nervous but aroused as she motioned with her eyes to get up and come with her. I smiled and stood, "Pardon us a moment guys, we'll be right back." She motioned with her eyes again, "Oh shit! The video tape!" I thought to myself, how could I have forgotten? I knew how, those damned sexy nipples poking through her dress! 

"You two want to watch a movie we picked out?" I asked the guys, both glanced up from the channel surfing and said "Sure" in unison. I took it as a good sign they were bored, now if they got turned on by it would be the next step. I quickly put in the tape and changed the channel, pressed play and excused ourselves again. Taking her hand I pulled her along behind me as we wormed passed the furniture and into our room. I didn't make it in the door before I had Renee against the door and my tongue down her throat. She growled one of her little sexy noises as she hungrily sipped from my lips. I wanted more, and I wasn't sure how much longer I could take this anticipation! My cock was raging hard and needy at the moment. She pulled back from me and smiled a knowing look before the worry took over once more. 

"Are you sure?" She whispered to me, worried about so many things but wanting this so badly. 

"I am, don't worry." I kissed her again, my fingertips finding her wet petals and flicking gently over her hardened clit. She was soaking wet, her lips puffy and her clit was hard. She wanted this, I wanted this for her as well. 

"You know I love to watch and I got the video camera ready. Are you sure you want to go through with it?" I questioned one last time to make certain. She nodded her head and moaned as I pushed a finger up inside her and brushed against the g-spot. 

"Then let's go out there and see if they want to play.." I kissed her quick and deep, thrusting a few times in and out of her sopping cunt before withdrawing completely. She made a noise of protest but did not argue as I took her hand and kissed it. 

"I will be waiting for you, come out when you are ready." I exited the room and sat back in my chair. 

While they had been in the bedroom Mark and Brian had been sitting on the couch waiting for the movie to start. Neither said a word, Mark had gone and got them both a coke from the fridge and sat back down. Each popped their drink, took one and sat in silence. They could hear Renee's groan and Brain winked at Mark with a lewd grin. 

"Lucky bastard!" Brain grumbled. 

"Yeah, he sure as hell is." They turned their eyes to the t.v. as a noise caught their attention. Both went wide eyed a moment as they watched Renee on screen stripping out of everything but a lace baby T. 

"Oh man!" Brain groaned, his knees suddenly moving back and forth as he watched. Mark softly whistled and kept his gaze fixed on the t.v., he didn't even notice when Nathan came back out and sat down. 

"Enjoying the show?" I asked quietly and both eyes turned to me. 

"Hell yeah we are.. When did you two do this?" Mark piped up first, asking what Brian was going to ask. 

Neither wanted to ask why the hell they were showing them this obviously private tape, not wanting it to turn off. Neither had been laid in a week and that was a prison sentence to their young hormonal bodies. 

"That's good." I said nothing more, just watching their reactions with a slight smile. They were getting into this, and that was a good sign in my book. Shifting a little in the chair, I had to adjust myself before I poked a hole in the front of my pants. Damn she made me hot! 

I turned to gaze towards the bedroom door just as it cracked open. Renee came out, smiling as she strolled seductively across the floor, floating towards me. She had on the same shirt from the movie and some loose fitting mini skirt as well. Instead of letting her go toward her own chair, I reached out and caught her hand, firmly pulling her down into my lap. She sat with her bottom on one thigh and her legs thrown over the other. Her attention was on the screen, not daring to look at Mark and Brian just yet. My attention was again riveted down at her heaving bosom. Reaching up I watched her nipple move against the fabric of her lace shirt, my fingertip getting close enough to touch, I paused a moment. Waiting a moment for her breath to catch as she watched the t.v, I then gently flicked the bud with my nail. She gasped softly, trying to be quiet her nipple protruded even further. She didn't look down at me but kept her eyes on the t.v instead, this gave me even more naughty thoughts. 

I wanted this to go somewhere, I needed to get her so hot and turned on, she wouldn't stop to think too much about what was happening. I wouldn't force anything, but I wanted those nagging thoughts she was famous for on vacation tonight from her mind. I let my thumb and forefinger grip a little on her nipple and gave it a tug, pulling out a little, then a little further. She gasped again and pushed her breast towards my hand, she wanted more. I gave it a little twist and let go of the nipple then the lace top. 

She shifted in my lap, letting her legs come open and one rest on the floor between my feet. My other hand resting on her thigh decided to go a little further exploring. I peeked around Renee and checked on the guys, Brain was shifting in his seat, obviously hard. His eyes kept going out the corner of his eye, checking out Renee more and more. Mark was openly watching her leg's and not the t.v screen. I moved back again and let my hand move up her thigh. She groaned, parting further as the skirt rose up higher and higher. Chancing a glance up at her beautiful face, I bit back my own groan of desire as her half-hooded eyes met mine. She was turned on and ready, but not quiet there just yet. Her eyes fell closed as once again my fingertips parted her pussy lips and lightly brushed up and down the wet slit. Her breathing picked up a little more as the noise on the t.v grew louder and her wails grew longer. She was cumming on t.v but not yet tonight. We'd have to fix that, and soon. 

I put my hands on her waist and turned her a little, sitting her bottom between my spread thighs, pushing her back against my chest. She complied easily, caught up in the sensations and thoughts. Brian was now staring at her as well, mark was now and then stroking and adjusting his own cock as he watched. I didn't smile this time, I too was caught up in the fantasy of this moment. I reached around her, my hands moving and cupping her large breasts in each hand. Gently at first I began to mold and shape them to my hand, massaging her, rubbing barely over the material. Stopping now and then to tweak her nipples. Her eyes were still closed as she groaned in pleasure, her body arching now and then to push up into my hands. 

I bent my head a little and tickled the edge of her ear with the tip of my hot tongue, she again let out a soft moan and shivered before me. Her attention on the pleasure, I used my feet and caught hers, pulling her legs wider apart, baring her shaved pussy to their hungry gazes. One of my hands left her breast and began its journey down to her honey pot, trailing lightly over her clothes and stopping at her belly button to swirl around it before moving over the cotton of her skirt. She arched up for me, the longing in her movements letting me know she wanted it now, regardless of who was watching. As my fingers reached her skirt hem, her eyes came open and met Brian's across the way. She held his gaze, her look of pure lust was so inviting he groaned in answer. Mark tried to stammer something about going to the bathroom but stopped as I pulled up Renee's skirt. My thumb hooked into the material and tugging, my fingertips caressed her inner thighs. I knew it was finally time to clue these two in on it. 

I began to speak softly, "Renee has a fantasy she needs help with guys…" 

"Yeah?" One of them answered. 

"Yeah.. seems Renee wants to try two guys at once…" 

"You and who else?" Brian got out. 

"No, two others as I video tape it." They were silent with this for all of two seconds. 

"We'd love to help her out." The words were a pretense, they weren't really needed, but they sought permission. Their eyes went to Renee's face as I slid my first digit into her wet juicy hole. She cried out again, the little mewling sounds were making my cock rock hard as well as the other two. She met Marks gaze and smiled timidly. 

"Yes. Oh god yes!" Her cried words were like a magnet to Brian and Mark. Brian rose from the couch first and stepped over Marks extended legs coming to stand before Renee a moment. He quickly sank down to his knees before her and watched as I slid my finger in and out of her pussy. I felt Renee stiffen on my lap and then melt into me, her gaze was firmly locked on Brain's now. 

"Take her hand…" I spoke up softly, dictating what I wanted him to do. Brain took her hand and helped her to stand. I moved from behind her and over to the counter where the battery was charging. Everything was set up the way I wanted it to be with plenty of lighting. I turned on the camera and moved back into the living room. 

Brain took her hand and helped her to stand, his cock was hurting painfully so from watching that movie. He stared into her eyes as she looked up at him, she looked a little uncertain but also hot as well. He bent his head and took her lips in a deep hot kiss, his fingertips lightly brushing the back of her hand at first. She trembled under him, he wasn't sure if that was good or bad and decided to press a little more. His hands came up and took the edge of her skirt into his hands, his lips broke away from hers as he sank to the floor. He tugged the skirt down over her hips, baring her little by little. He kissed each hipbone and just below her navel before pulling it down her legs. She stepped out of the skirt, her hands coming down to rest on his shoulders for balance. He got his first scent of her and groaned out. Moving forward quickly, he took one of her legs and threw it over his shoulder, his hands sinking into the firm cheeks of her ass as he buried his face into her wet slit. She gasped again, her legs tightening instinctively around his shoulder to hold herself steady. He brushed her clit with his nose, nuzzling a little before his tongue darted out and lapped over her. 

Mark stood behind them, pulling off his shirt, a little weirded out by this, he wasn't sure if he wanted to strip in front of other guys or not just yet. Mark moved up to stand beside her, his head bending and capturing a nipple between his teeth. He gently bit down before suckling through her shirt, drawing nipple and all into his mouth. His other hand moved up and caressed her other breast. She gasped out, holding tighter to Brian, trying to keep her footing as her legs turned to jelly. She was getting hot too damned fast and wanted to slow down. And yet at the same time she wanted to keep going until she came all over the place too. This was her fantasy and it was coming true! 

I stood over in the corner of the living room taping their actions, moving to the side and zooming in to get a clear shot. Once I found a good angle I moved things out of the way, pushing the couch out and the table as well. I set the camera on a tripod and sat down in Renee's vacated chair to watch the show. 

"Harder Brain!" She uttered, groaning and grinding her hips in small circles. She loved to grate on a man's face and tongue, it turned her on as much as dressing to tease Nathan. Her fingers sunk into the hair on his head and pushed him further into her gushing snatch. She was feeling weak and trembling, her heart racing a fast pace in her breast. She was not going to be able to stand up much longer, but reluctant to give up Brain's wickedly talented tongue too.

"Ooooooh yes! Right there!" She panted out, her breath catching before she let out another long low moan. Brain moved lower, his tongue flicking wildly over her pussy hole, lapping up her sweet juices and begging for more. He began to tongue fuck her as deep and as quickly as he could. His whole head moving back and forth as he tensed up his tongue. He kept it up a few minutes and moved back up to her clit. His fingers moving up her inner thigh and rubbed around her wet slit, coating his fingers for penetration. She trembled harder and bucked against his probing fingers, his lips forming a suction circle over her clit and hood, he began to ‘nurse' on her clit. Suckling, flicking and wiggling his tongue all around that little button. He wanted to feel her cum on his face before he fucked her silly. 

She cried out again, her body tensing up and relaxing a little only to start fucking his face with more urgency. "OH FUCK!" She cried out breathlessly, "Mmmm…" She tensed again, and shook harder. Mark put his arms around her and moved behind her, his cock pressing against her ass, he rubbed against her and held her up at the same time. Mark's fingers toyed with her pert nipples as his lips feathered across her neck. His teeth lightly nipping here and there until he reached her ear. He toyed with it, nibbled and sucked the lobe into his mouth, his fingers pinching and tugging slightly at the same time. 

Brain's tongue flickered rapidly back and forth over her puffy clit, his fingers thrusting at the same time. He could feel her orgasm coming, her walls clutching at his fingers as they pulled at him. His cock leapt a little more, wanting inside her to feel this, but he held off again. He switched places, his fingers moved up to caress her button while his tongue moved up and down her slit. Teasing her, his face was shiny in the light from her juices coating his nose, lips and chin. She cried out again, bucking harder against his hand. Mark was barely able to keep her upright as she writhed on Brian. This was fucking hot to watch, I could feel my own cock leaking precum all over the head and into my shorts. 

"Ohhhhhhhhhhh Yessssssss!" She convulsed once, paused and cried out silently. She twitched again and Brian picked up his pace, Mark bit lightly on her neck at the same moment. "FUCK!" She cried out again, mewling sounds coming from her throat as she tried to breath and let out the passion inside her. She came hard all over his tongue and lips. Her fingers shoved him by his hair into her parted pussy lips and grated harder until she was too far gone to move. Her legs shook hard as she tried to stand there, Brian let her go when Mark gave a nod to him. Brian kissed her inner thighs and one more on her swollen clit as Mark shed his night shirt and pulled her down into the chair with him. Positioning himself better he sat with her on his lap until she caught her breath. 

Her eyes were closed her breathing labored in and out of her trembling body. I watched a bead of sweat roll down her collar and vanish between her breasts, the shirt blocked the view of that bead, but left me aching to see more. My eyes wandered lower to take in her spread lips, juicy and glistening in the lamplight, I ached to stuff my cock in her as well, but I would wait my turn. 

Her eyes opened and met Brian's seated before her, sitting up a little more on Mark her eyes traveled down his body. He was rock hard and tenting in his pants, pleasure shot up her spine with the thought of riding him. 

"Your turn." She whispered as she stood up. Her legs still shook somewhat but not as badly. Her pussy was still throbbing and wanting to be filled up. Brian looked damned hot and more than ready to do that for her. 

He smirked, knowing what she was looking at and what she wanted. 

"Ride me then." He lay back on the floor and unbuttoned his pants, pushing them down to expose his long hard cock. 

"Care to give me a try?" he asked softly, daring her to take a ride. 

She moved away from Mark to straddle Brain, but instead of facing Brain she turned around and met Mark's gaze. She hovered over him, not yet in contact with his cock when Brian reached between her thighs and started brushing the head of his prick up and down her pussy lips. She shivered and let out a growl, I shivered just hearing it. She was horny and wanting, and would take it at this point if they didn't give in. I sat still as possible, but found it nearly impossible with my raging hard on. I needed some relief and badly, opening up my pants, I released my own cock and lightly stroked my fingers up and down the shaft as I watched and waited. 
