 After Ami told me where we would be meeting the next time, she and James discussed his next move. He pretended to schedule a round of golf for Saturday so I would think he wasn't at home but he would actually be watching from our closet again.

I anxiously waited for the next meeting with Ami which was tomorrow. When James got home from work I told him I was going shopping with some friends and he had gotten a call confirming a golf game with a 10:00 tee off. He told me to have fun with the girls. I assured him I would.

Saturday morning I cleaned up the breakfast mess and told James not to miss tee off as I went to take a shower and "get ready" for shopping. James came in to tell me he was leaving and he would see me later. Instead of leaving he went to his hiding spot waiting patiently for our party to begin.

I pulled a shopping bag out from under my side of the bed which contained a few new toys. The doorbell rang as I started to pull out my purchases. Leaving the bag, I went to answer the door and let our fun begin.

Ami introduced the friend this time. Her name was Lezlie and they had met in college. I got a quick kiss from both of them as they entered the house. Both ladies had shopping bags in their hands and I couldn't wait to see what was inside. Upon entering the room, I was told to lay my toys out so we could see what had been bought between the three of us. 

The variety of toys was amazing. A strap on, a double penetration vibrator, anal beads, and a huge 10 inch life like vibrator were the toys of the day. I kept eyeing the strap on and couldn't wait to get started.

Ami had seen me looking at the strap on and picked it up. She asked if I wanted to feel it inside me. I nodded as she came closer to where I was standing. Since I had just gotten out of the shower and new I wouldn't be needing clothes, I put only my robe on. Ami reached for the belt and yanked on it letting my robe fall open and my naked body was exposed. Ami ran a finger over my nipple making it spring to life and walked towards the bathroom. I was told to take my robe off and stand where I was until she came back.

A moment later Ami emerges from the bathroom naked except for the huge dick she is now sporting. She strokes it as she walks to me and stops. Still stroking her meat, she asks if I want to feel her cock. I slide my hand up and down the shaft as if I were stroking the real thing. She asks if I want to taste her cock before she fucks me. I get on my knees and let her rub the head around my lips before she enters my mouth. It took a minute to get used to the size but in no time I was sliding my mouth up and down her cock. Ami asked if liked her cock in my mouth and when I nodded, she started fucking my face like she was fixing to coat my throat with cum. A few minutes later, I am bent over the bed with my ass in the air. Lezlie had removed her clothes and sitting on the bed with the double penetration vibrator working in and out of her holes and the other hand between her legs rubbing her clit. I felt the head of the strap on sliding up and down my ass crack as Ami reached between my legs playing with my clit. I was already wet from giving head, as she played with me a little more. Her hand left my clit as the head of her cock found my hole and made its way inside. She slowly entered me letting me get used to the feel of her. I moaned as she slid in and began moving back and forth fucking me with her dick. Lezlie had made her way closer to me putting her occupied pussy in my face. I took an erect nipple between my lips and started sucking as Ami moved faster in and out of my twat. I was so wet we could hear sloshing noises as the cock slid in and out.

I sucked on Lezlie's nipples then moved lowered exploring her clit with my tongue as she worked herself over with the vibrator. I licked and sucked on her clit while she pounded herself to climax. She pulled the toy out and I licked her juices up as she cleaned the toy with her mouth.

Ami was panting and moaning as she pounded my twat. This toy rubbed her clit as she worked it in and out my twat getting her hot and bothered as well. Ami watched me cleaning Lezlie, when she realized I had finished she slapped my ass making me whimper. Her grip tightened on my hips and she started pounding my pussy fast and hard. I was so turned on from being treated like a paid slut fuck, I was begging for more as her finger began circling my asshole then slid to my wet pussy making sure it was wet enough to enter. The finger circled my hole a few more times then in one shove entered my tight ass. I jerked my head up and yelled at the instant pain but pleasure overtook the pain as I loved being fucked in both holes. I was so turned on by Ami's assault on my ass and twat, I was thrusting back against her cock as hard as I could when my orgasm hit sending me over the edge. I yelled and threw my head back while still thrusting against Ami's dick. My wild behavior was all Ami needed when she got off as well. 

I turned over to find the toy in my face wanting to be licked clean. I cleaned my juice off the toy before Ami slid out of the straps. I got off the bed grabbing the anal beads and getting behind Ami. I played with her ass spreading her cheeks wide exposing her hole, then sliding my hand towards her cunt. It was so wet my finger slid in and out easily before bringing the beads across her wetness and putting them in her ass. I tickled her ass with my tongue a few times then started putting the beads up her hole. She jumped as the first one entered but by the third one she was begging for anal pleasure. As the beads continued up Ami's ass, Lezlie slid into the strap on and walked to Ami. She stuck the cock in front of her mouth touching her lips with head before making Ami take it in her mouth. Ami sucked on the toy as I got the last bead in place. I enjoyed watching the cock that just fucked me sliding in and out of Ami's mouth. I left the beads in her ass and played with her clit as Lezlie fucked her mouth. Lezlie asked if she liked having her face fucked like she was a little slut. Ami nodded and moaned as she sucked on the toy. I kept playing with Ami's clit as I pulled two beads out of her ass fast. Her moans got louder as I continued pulling slowly on the rest of the beads. As the last bead popped her orgasm hit and she screamed. 

I decided it was my turn to fuck Lezlie with the strap on. She smiled and told me to fuck away. While I put it on, I told Ami to lay on her back and handed Lezlie the double penetration number as Ami took the 10 incher and gave a wicked smile. I slapped Lezlie on the ass a few times while circling her ass with my finger. I dipped my finger in her oozing cunt before entering her ass. I stroked in and out of her ass while sticking the cock in her twat. I fucked her at a slow pace at first enjoying the fact I had a dick to fuck with now. I watched as Lezlie used the double vibrator on Ami while her tongue serviced the clit. Ami liked the look of the 10 in vibrator moving in and out of the mouth in front of her. This was making my crotch ache for pleasure but first I wanted to fuck Lezlie with my cock. I decided to switch holes letting the strap on slide out of her cunt. I stuck my fingers in her juice and lubed her ass good working a couple fingers in before my cock. Lezlie yelped as I entered her ass. I didn't move for a minute or two letting her get used to the feel then I fucked her. She whimpered a couple of times as I started fucking her slowly but soon the pain went away. The faster I fucked her the faster she sucked on the vibrator. Ami took over her toy shoving it in and out and bucking her hips as she had another orgasm. The vibrator in Lezlie's mouth fell out and she started panting and moaning. I loved the strap on and hearing Lezlie scream out as she came on my dick. I hadn't got off a second time like the other two so I took the toy Ami had and lubed up my ass before shoving it in. The double header felt amazing as I fucked myself to orgasm and hit the bed exhausted.

As we lay on the bed catching our breath, the closet door creaks as if it were opening. I sat up in shock as I could see my husband with his dick in his hand. My mouth fell open as he tried covering himself before coming out of the closet. I looked at Ami as she smiled and told James his game was up. I didn't know what to say at first. I finally asked Ami what her remark meant and James began telling me he and Ami had come up with a plan getting me with another woman while he watched. Next, was the restaurant ordeal not to mention James' relief on behalf of Ami. Ami did shock James when she admitted the first time I was with Lezlie was done behind his back for her pleasure. After he finished explaining himself, James sat waiting for my response. I should have been severely pissed at him and Ami for this, but after the service rendered that day, I couldn't be mad. I told James he would no longer have to watch from the closet. He could be in the room watching and jack off, or if he was good, we might involve him in some of our sessions. He smiled and accepted the deal.