 Rent arrears lead to Payment in Kind.

Jenni awoke as the Postman posted the letters and they showered down onto the cold tiles. She tried to sleep again; no lectures today, she was due a lie in.

She felt soft drag of lust in the pit of her pelvis and tried to ignore it. As always, it refused to be ignored and she reasoned that if she had a good finger fuck, a good juicy one with fingers gathered and inserted as far as she could reach then she could again fall sleep in orgasmic bliss. 

She turned over onto her back. She brushed the hair from her face and saw her reflection in the mirror at the end of her bed. She grinned to herself in anticipation. 

"You slut" she said and chuckled to herself.

Her hands moved in their familiar routine, the left to her breasts and the right to the thick thatch covering her pubis. She squeezed and nipped the bud of her nipple and felt it thicken and rise.

She felt the drag of lust stronger. It spanned between somewhere deep inside all the way to the center of her sex and her strong fingers melted into her soft wetness...

"Damn it!" she exclaimed to the empty flat.

"Fuck it!"

She tore herself from her pleasure and sitting up, looked out of the window.

"Damn it." Mr Dalesman the Landlord was coming today. She was several months in arrears.

Mr Dalesman the landlord was a gentleman. Maybe 75 and well looked after he had always behaved himself properly and was always polite and considerate in all the dealings she had with him. So considerate was he that he had accepted the fact that she was yet again late with the most recent of the monthly rents. She had joked with him about the rent. Playing coquette and emphasizing her youth she had jokingly mentioned the payments.

"Goodness me, is it so much? You'll be demanding payment in kind soon."

He had been thrown into a coughing fit with that and she had slapped his back until he was quiet again. Holding him, her arm still over his shoulders, she had slipped the cord on her gown and her big breasts had swung free against the side of his face. He had of course turned and buried his face in them. Caressing and biting he had turned her legs to jelly and her crotch to water and she, taking the initiative, had stripped naked. Laying back on the bed and spreading her legs she had brazenly given herself to him. Always considerate he had let her guide his penis gently into her overflowing sex and he had come instantly.

Mr Dalesman had visited a further three times and their sex had followed the same routine; He always considerate and gentle and she warm wet and willing and lately wishing he would assert himself, be more demanding, adventurous or, dare she say it, filthy. 

She felt secure, she was able to steer things where she wanted, she was in control. But today was yet again the monthly day of reckoning, and she wondered how Mr Dalesman, the born and bred Gentleman would react to her pleas for yet another postponement in paying the rent for the apartment. 

"Damn" she thought, "One fuck per month? Sooner or later he would realize how much a fuck was costing him, one fuck per month? How long before he twigs the cost of access to her (admittedly stupendous) body.

She knew that an escort girl took £100 - 150 for just one hour's sex and yet he seemed satisfied with "now and then". One fuck per month in lieu of one months rent? She already owed him £1500 in unpaid rent and he had fucked her four times. She wouldn't mind one fuck per week, or even a few fucks per week. Should she suggest that? Four or five? 

She knew she had to play it carefully and discussing with herself, she tried to sum it all up. Her sexual appetite was large and her sexual interests audacious. She rebuked herself jokingly.

"Admit it Jenni my girl, you are a slut. You enjoy being tied and taken against your will, you like showing yourself while masturbating for old men. You suck and you swallow and you enjoy being sprayed with cum on your breasts. Even vegetables, cucumbers for example, have an alternative use, especially when you haven't had a cock in your cunt for a while."

These were activities and predilection's she willingly shared with strangers from time to time But, she reasoned, Mr Dalesman must never find out. 

No, Mr Dalesman must never suspect the depths of her depravity. She must maintain the charade of her little girl innocence that guaranteed his father-like chivalry and his continued interest in "Payment in Kind" in lieu of the monthly rent. 

She was still in her gown when she heard the doorbell.

"Bloody hell Jenni, isn't that a bit obvious? Dressing gown? More like undressing gown" 

She tied the belt tighter around her waist and as she answered the door she wished she'd put her clothes on. It would surely have strengthened her negotiating tactics.

"Come in Mr Dalesman"

To her astonishment, Mr Dalesman was not alone. 

"Do come in Gentlemen."

She lay the emphasis on "Gentlemen" and hoped nervously they would be just that. 

The three men filed in and she closed the door and turned to face them. The room was silent until Mr Dalesman began.

"Let me introduce my two friends, Mr Builder and Mr Baker. Our combined ages amount to 215 years. Sadly for the last 20-30 years we have all experienced a grinding sexual frustration because our dear wives haven't been interested in our sexual approaches. We three have discussed this many times and I have now found a solution."

He paused before continuing. 

"I haven't the sexual capacity to fully reap the fruits of my side of our "payment in kind" agreement Jenni so I have asked my two friends to accompany me and redress the balance. They will until further notice is given, have full access to your lovely body."

She was shocked, dumfounded and she stammered a nervous reply. 

"I really have tried Mr Dalesman, I can give you a half months rent now and will save the other half and pay you next week. Then we are quits."

She turned her gaze from him dramatically and looked helplessly at the floor...

"You are three months in arrears." He said sternly and she turned away as if in despair. Should she cry or should she save that until later?

"I will fetch my handbag." and she strode towards her bedroom.

He followed and approached her silently as she searched through her handbag for the money. She jumped in shock as his hands passed under her arms and reaching forward gently lifted her tits. She heard a slight gasp and his fingers worked over each breast, kneading and pinching until her nipples stiffened. Her breathing was suddenly ragged and coarse and she cursed her body for giving her away. She gasped at the power in his arms as he lifted her bodily, hands grasping her tits and turning her towards the two expectant men frog-marched her back into the kitchen. 

"He must think you're a slut Jenni," she thought. "You should have put up a bit of a fight" 

But she didn't want to fight. She was a slut and she wanted a cock in her vagina right now and at last she was going to scratch that itch she had only thought about. She was going to fuck three old men in one mad session.

"Take it off."

It was Mr Builder, the tall one.

"Pardon me? I'm not like that." 

She turned towards Mr Dalesman for support. He was busy taking off his trousers! 

"God help me, this is getting out of control," she thought.

She turned swiftly looking for an escape route only to find it blocked by Mr Baker, the short fat one. He wore just his shirt. His flaccid cock swayed as he moved in with arms wide her to catch her.

"Get it off!" he said. "Show us what you've got my girl."

The atmosphere was charged with excitement as he moved towards her. She turned again only to bump into Mr Dalesman's outstretched arms.

"You have never been modest before Jenni. It's too late to start now."

She turned yet again only to find herself held easily by a forest of arms and as the three Gentlemen held her firmly in their combined embrace and, pressing themselves against her they began to chant lustily.

"Get it off. Off, off, off, off. Get your gown off."

She was delirious with excitement as the three men embraced her. Someone was dry humping her leg and two pairs of hands groped around her breasts. Two firm hands reached from behind and taking the lapels of her gown ripped it down from her shoulders. Her arms were pinned by the rolled down gown and her breasts stood free and exposed.

"My god." said someone. "Look at those tits."

A hand raced across her shoulders and cradled a breast.

"Fuck me they're heavy, Go on, have a feel." 

Several hands groped her breasts and she shivered with pride under the gaze of the three men as they pressed boisterously against her.

Someone was struggling with the cord of her gown while another hand took hers and pressed it onto a cock and she took hold and squeezed the shaft firmly. She performed a quick wanking movement and its owner revealed himself by responded with a dirty laugh. 

"Fuck me that's nice, don't stop Jenni my darling."

She felt the cock growing in her hand and she wanked it again.

A voice shouted lustily "Oh my darling you are so dirty." 

So, it was Mr Builder's cock she grasped in her hand. It grew long and slender as she wanked it furiously and his lust grew. He pressed himself against her and grasping her chin pulled her face towards his slavering mouth. His abrasive unshaved cheeks rasped over hers as he forced his tongue between her lips. 

She felt the cord round her waist loosen and a pair of hands drew the tangled gown down over her thighs. A hand smacked her ankles impatiently and she lifted first the one foot then the other and the gown was drawn away. The hands returned and slapped her legs again. The message was clear,

"Open your legs," 

She took a wide legged stance and was rewarded by several hands scrabbling to reach her sex. One hand in front, two from behind they chased across her thighs.

Her stomach knotted in anticipation as the hands sped up her legs and raced towards her panties. The exploring fingers forced their way under the edge of her wet underwear and the winning finger dived deep into her soaking fanny. The loosing fingers pushed and jostled as if trying to slide in as well and she feared she would have to take double finger fucking from them both but no, the loosing fingers, sloppy from her juices turned and slid forcibly into her anus and her knees buckled with the intensity of it all.

"Pick her up lads." Pick her up; I want her on the table."

Strong hands picked her up and she was laid legs dangling, on the kitchen table. Her soaked panties were torn off and she heard the sound of someone inhaling deeply.

"Smell those! She's wet through with cunt juice."

"Find a cushion for her head."

"Now we will see." said a voice.

"Lift her legs."

Strong hands caught her behind her knees and lifted and spread them wide up beside her armpits. The two men each held one leg and their free hands mauled at her magnificent breasts. Fingers tweaked and pulled at her nipples and bending over the men took turns to force their tongues repeatedly into her mouth.

She heard a chair scrape across the floor and was sure someone was sitting between her spread legs.

"Goodness," she thought, "He's got some sort of gynecologist fetish."

"Very nice. Wet and tight." Said a voice and a single finger slid slowly into her exposed vagina. She felt his breath on her upturned bottom and she cringed as she waited in anticipation.

There! A delicate touch came and went. Then it came again, first there at the base of the finger that was pumping in her cunt then sliding delicately amongst the folded tissues of her inner lips until it came to rest on the exposed hood of her clitoris. It was a tongue and it felt very good! She whispered with delight,

"Please don't stop Mr Tongue, I'm almost there."

The tongue continued it's wandering and a second finger entered her vagina. Together they twisted and turned repeating a sly beckoning movement over and over again. She cringed as a wave of pleasure squeezed like a tight fist in her belly and she slid into a series of small orgasms while her juices ran. 

"Look at that boys, look at that fanny, ready and willing."

"Remember" said a voice from between her legs, "as your host I am first in line." 

So, she thought, it was Mr Dalesman who liked licking the juices from her fanny.

Someone laughed dirtily. "Don't worry, she's good for a good long fuck, there will be plenty of sloppy seconds for everyone."

"Can I have a feel?" said another voice. The first fingers stopped their pumping and were slowly withdrawn to be replaced by another thicker work worn digit that pumped furiously. 

"Oh, I've got to get my cock in there, She's tight!"

"Yes," she thought, "tight and waiting to be stretched," and, excited beyond reason she came again and the finger pumped jerkily as its owner laughed out loud. 

"Look, she's pissing on my hand! I'm wet to the wrist. Come on Mr Dalesman can't we watch you fucking her now, I'm so horny I can barely wait."

A voice laughed briefly, "That's not piss. That's cunt juice."

"Mind your hand then." 

The probing finger was removed and the mouth doing the talking came back and dragged slowly over her hairy lips. Her clitoris and its surrounding soft tissues were sucked slowly in between his firm lips for a second or two then dropped as he rose from the chair. As he shuffled towards her his erect penis bobbed and swayed as he moved and he lunged excitedly against her.

She felt his cock stabbing around the split of her wet gash, then against her thigh and then again against her anus as he attempted to hit the target. Without thinking she reached down to guide the penis into her tight opening and he gasped as he pushed himself balls-deep in her cunt. From where she lay she could see it was Mr Dalesman standing to fuck her. 

His chin was wet with her juices and he stared closely at his cock appearing and disappearing between the lips of her sex. She called out to him in encouragement only to have her words cut off in midsentence as Mr Builder pulled her head to the side of the table. His hands forced her head into his crotch and she had a brief view of his gnarled old cock as he forced it between her lips and into her mouth.

"Cant wait!" He stuttered as he held her head and thrust wildly at her. 

She fought to keep from chocking and using her tongue, guided his cock from one cheek to the other. She heard a groan from Mr Dalesman who was thrusting enthusiastically and the slide of his cock suddenly became so much slicker as the walls of her cunt were flooded with his cum. 

As if excited by his friends orgasmic groaning Mr Builders cock exploded and her mouth filled with a wave of salty cum. 

She was astonished by the amount an old gentleman could deliver but she swallowed it down easily and worked her tongue around his cock head. She felt a dirty pride from servicing the old men and presumed the sudden silence that filled the room was caused by their appreciation. 

Mr Builder dragged his cock from her mouth and turned to Mr Baker now standing at the foot of the table.

"My God Mr. Baker, no wonder you wife hasn't given you anything these last 20 odd years."

"Oh dear" said Mr. Dalesman. "Oh dearie me Jenni, how are you going to handle this one my dear?"

She raised herself on one elbow from the table; "What is it? Tell me, what's going on?"

"Show her Mr Baker."

Mr Baker raised the tails of his shirt and drew it off over his head. She felt a chill go through her belly.

"Where on earth did you get such an enormous penis?" 

She sat upright at the end of the table and beckoned to him. "Come here Mr Baker, let me see."

Mr Baker, clearly embarrassed, shuffled closer and she leant down and took the semi erect penis in her hand. As she clutched the shaft she felt it thickening as his excitement grew. 

"Fuck me" she thought, "please don't let It get any bigger."

But the cock head swelled and tightened and was soon the size of a Mandarin orange. The shaft was slightly bent and gnarled with a prominent network of veins showing under the skin. Despite her best efforts, she was unable to grasp around its massive girth. Mr Baker pushed it impatiently against her teasing hand and she exclaimed wonderingly.

"Have you ever measured the length, the girth? And your balls, they are huge!" and she laughed nervously at the sight of the astounded faces around the table. 

"It's not something a mature gentleman does but yes, I did run a tape measure over him when I was a proud 20 year old." Said Mr Baker.

"And?" The three of them demanded in unison.

"Ten inches" 

"And the girth? They demanded to know.

"That is the girth" he said proudly. "On a good day I can measure eleven and a half inches in length."

She stared closely at the magnificent penis and drew the foreskin fully back revealing the proud bell shaped cock head with the single eye and the deep groove between head and shaft. It was massive and she quailed inwardly.

"Fuck me" she said, shaking her head in admiration.

"Yes my dear, that's just what I am going to do."

She wailed with fright at the thought.

"I can't take that! Please Mr Dalesman let me off this once! It would be like giving birth, please help me Mr Dalesman."

The room fell silent with nervous expectation, what would he say?

"I am sorry my dear, I feel it will give me a strange satisfaction to see you take Mr Bakers monster all the way in. Who knows, maybe I will be able to come in you again afterwards."

And the room was filled with dirty laughter.

"How do you want her Mr Baker?"

"I want her from behind. Over the end of the table with her."

Eager hands grasped her and pulling her down from the table pressed her face-down over the table end and turned her lovely buttocks towards Mr Baker.

"Doggy Style, that's how I likes it" he said. 

Jennie could just see him over her shoulder as he stood cock in hand and staring at her body. 

If anything his cock looked even bigger and she cringed and pressed her thighs together.

Mr Baker kicked between her legs and she reluctantly took a wide legged stance.

The room echoed with the resounding crack of a hand slapping her buttocks. 

"Pay attention my girl" said Mr Baker severely "I shall be gentle but if you don't obey I shall punish you." As if to emphasize his intentions, he slapped her several times. 

Jenni was silent but she kicked and struggled. The next smack was even louder than the previous and prompted a loud wail from her.

"Can you two hold her?" said Mr Baker "Hold her legs so I can get entered, then I can ride her"

The two men squatted down beside her and each grasped one of her lovely legs spreading them wide.

"On you go Mr Baker, give her what for"

"Yes, come on," said Mr Builder. "I want to get up her after you, my balls are aching for another good blow out!"

"Oh, I need some lubrication!" squealed Jenni. 

"Jenni my darling I see you are dripping the cum I left inside you, that should be lubrication enough." Said Mr Dalesman gently. 

"Are you ready Mr Baker, Jennie my dear, are you ready?" 

Jennie could feel fingers moving around her sex, probing and rubbing and a thumb pressed briefly on her clitoris and she trembled. She wasn't sure if it was fear or pleasurable anticipation. She heard the two men holding her whispering as Mr Bakers huge cock nudged against her anus. 

"Down a bit Mr Baker." she said and the cock head nudged and slid along the sloppy lips of her sex. She heard the whispering again and felt fingers grasping the plump swollen outer lips... She heard more whispering

"Hold her cunt lips open, nothing worse than hair behind your foreskin when fucking a tight one."
