 I just finished my EMT classes and was beginning my First Aid classes. I have wanted to be a Paramedic since I was a kid and a Paramedic saved my dad's life. My dad had a massive heart attack the paramedics got there just in enough time to save him. The classes were at the local fire station. I got there found me a seat and sat down. This very good-looking guy walked in the class. He was tall with short dark brown hair and hazel eyes. He walked around the room and then went to the front of the room. 

"I'm Mark and I will be teaching the First Aid class. If you guys have any questions don't be afraid to ask. This is Roger he will be helping me. He is passing out your book for this class. You get to keep the book so if you want you can write in it."

Mark asked us what do we do if someone cuts his or her hand real bad. I raised my hand and said "You wrap it with gauze and you keep it elevated."

"That is right and you are?"

"I'm Rachel."

"Ok Rachel can you tell me what do you do when you find someone unconscious?"

"Well first you check for a pulse then you see if they are breathing. If they are not breathing you make sure there is nothing blocking their airway. Then you start CPR and call 911."

"Very good now what are two things you do before you start CPR?"

"You tilt their head back and pinch their nose and you pull their chin down."

"I was wondering if you would catch that last one."

Mark told us to read chapter one and two for next week. As I was walking out the door Mark asked me if I would stay for a few minutes. I looked at my watch and said "Sure I have a few minutes."

We walked up to the front of the room "I need some help next week in class. I was wondering if you would help me show everyone how to do CPR the right way. We don't have a CPR dummy and I really don't want to use Roger as one."

"Sure I can do that." What did I just do here is this gorgeous guy who wants me to help show the class the right way to give CPR. I hope he wont take my pulse because I know it will be racing. I spent the whole week trying to figure out how I could get out of helping Mark. How could I lay there and let him put his hands on me without thinking about him and I having some wild sex right there on the table. 

It was Tuesday night and I was on my way to class I was trying to think of a way of not helping Mark. When I got to class I did not see Mark Roger was in front of the room with some other guy. I was so happy not to see Mark but who was this guy with Roger? Where is Mark and why can't he be here? We all took our seats and Roger told us to turn to the first chapter so we could discus it. As we were supposed to be reading it, all I could do was think of Mark. Think of his lips touching mine, and his strong hands on my body. I must have been so far in dreamland that I did not hear Roger call on me. 

"Rachel can you please come up here and here and help us?" 

I got up and started to walk towards the front of the room Mark walked in. Just when I thought I was home free Mark had to walk in. What was I going to do now? I walked up to the front of the room and over to the table where they wanted me to lay down. As I lay there I was thinking to myself " Please don't let it be Mark who does the CPR." Mark came over by me I was starting to shake a little and I could not stop. 

"Ok you guys let me show you the right way to give CPR. First you tilt their head back you pull their chin down check and make sure there is nothing blocking their air- way. Then you pinch their nose and blow five small breaths into their mouth. After that you take and do five chest compressions."

Every time he put his hands on my body or put his lips to mine I would shake a little. I was so nervous about him touching me all I could do was close my eyes and wait for it to be over. After a few more time of showing the class how to do CPR Mark grabbed my hand helped me up and said "Thank you for your help"

My help I laid there like a shaking dead person. After class Mark asked me to stay after for a few minutes. Oh no what did I do or what does he want? When every one was gone I went to the front of the room. Mark was standing behind the table looking at some papers. He looked up at me and said 

" I know we are not suppose to associate with the trainees but I'm having a small party for my Birthday. It will just be my family and a few friends. Don't worry none of the guys from here will be there. I would really like it if you would come."

Part of me wanted to scream yes right away and another part of me wanted to run and hide. I looked at him and said, "I would love to come to your party. Is there anything I could do to help?" He said no just show up and have a good time He gave me his address and let me know when to be there. As he was walking away he said, "By the way it is casual dress."

It was Saturday night the night of Marks party and I had no idea what to wear. I found me a pair of blue jeans and a cute shirt to go with it. When I got to the party I saw Mark he had a tight fitting pair of jeans on and a T-shirt on. He looked so good if we were alone I would take him right here on this table. I tried to mingle with his family and friends but all I could do was think about him and how good he looked. It was nine thirty and everyone was gone. I stayed around to help clean up. I was out on the patio when Mark came out and said, "You don't have to do that I can get it."

"No problem I'm happy to help. This is a big mess it will take you all night." As I was putting paper plates in a trash bag he came over kissed me on the forehead and said "You're a big help you know that?" 

He began to grab some plates and put them in the bag. We both went to reach for the same plate he grabbed my hand pulled me close to him and kissed me. We kissed for a while when he pushed me away a little and said, "We can't do this I'm your teacher we can't be kissing like this."

"Mark you want it as much as I do. No one at the firehouse needs to know about this. I wont tell if you don't tell." I leaned in and kissed him again. He grabbed me, threw everything off the table, and laid me down on it. He climbed on top of me and started to kiss me again. It felt so good to feel his body next to mine. His lips were so soft pressed up against mine. I pulled his shirt off of him and was rubbing his nipples as he kissed me.

" Mark I can't take it I need to feel your naked body against mine. Where is your room?"

"No I have a better idea I have always wanted to do it in the back of a ambulance. No one is at the firehouse so lets go."

We got to the firehouse and like he said there was no one there. We climbed in the ambulance he had me get undressed and lay on the stretcher. He got undressed told me to spread my legs and he started to eat my sweet pussy. The feeling of his tongue on my clit was driving me nuts, my body was starting to tremble all over with delight. Just as I was about to cum someone opened the door, it was Roger. What the hell was he doing here, I thought we were busted for sure. Mark looked at him and said "Man what are you doing here I thought everyone was gone?"

"I had to get something out of the bus. What are you doing here aren't you scared you will get caught?"

"It makes it more fun that way but I can't get caught with her. So please don't say anything."

"I wont if I can join in" 

Mark looked at me and I nodded my head yes. I think he was shocked because he asked if I was sure and I told him " I have always wanted a threesome."

Roger climbed up into the ambulance got undressed and came up by my head. I told them both one condition of doing this is I'm not forced to do any thing I don't want to do and they said ok. Mark climbed on the edge of the stretcher spread my legs apart and began to eat my pussy again. He took his tongue and licked my pussy up and down it felt so damn good. Roger looked at me and said "Come here baby I have a big hose just for you."

. Roger took his cock stuck it in my mouth and I started to suck on it. Roger had a huge cock and I had a hard time taking it all in. The faster Mark would lick my clit the harder I would suck Roger's cock. Mark then stuck two fingers in my pussy and started to finger fuck me. That was really driving me crazy. I looked up at him and said "Fuck me Mark fuck me hard I want you to pound my pussy while I suck Roger off."

Mark climbed up on the bed I spread my legs apart again so he could shove his cock deep in me. I wrapped my legs around him I was not letting him go. Mark was really pounding my pussy. Each time he shoved that cock into me I would suck harder on Roger's cock. As he was throbbing in my mouth I could hear him moaning in delight. The more he moaned the harder I would suck his cock. Mark was really pounding my pussy I wanted to cum so bad. I told Mark to fuck me harder because I was so close to cumming. He grinded his hips into me and I could feel my juices flowing all over his cock. I took Roger's cock out of my mouth and started to lick on it. Licking up one side and down the other, running my tongue all over the tip of it, and slapping my lips with it. I think that really got him going because I could hear him moan. I took and put his throbbing cock back in my mouth and sucked harder on it.

"Oh baby that feels so good don't stop. Damn girl you are so good I am about to cum."

Mark told me to get up because he wanted to fuck me doggie style. I got up on my knees, Mark got up behind me shoved his cock deep inside me, and started to pound my hot wet pussy. I loved how Mark's cock felt in my pussy his cock was huge and felt so good. Roger straddled the front of the stretcher I took his cock in my hand opened my mouth and slowly put it in there. As I was sucking it I was stroking him too. Before I knew it Roger said he wanted to change places he wanted some of my hot wet pussy. Mark and Roger got up and switched places. I started to lie down and Roger said "No you don't get back on those knees baby." 

So I got back on my knees and he shoved his cock in me. As he was fucking me he was slapping my ass and I loved it. The harder he slapped it the better it feltand the more it turned me on. Mark leaned down and asked if I was all right I told him I was fine he gave me a kiss on the cheek. I took Marks long hard cock and licked it up and down. I nibbled on the tip of it before I shoved it in my mouth. I twisted my mouth up and down and all around it. Mark really started to moan. I could tell he was enjoying it he grabbed my head ad was pushing it up and down on his cock. Roger was really pounding my pussy harder and harder. I was almost chocking on Mark's cock but I loved it. His cock was throbbing in my mouth and it felt so good but I wanted to taste his hot cum. 

"Oh my I am so close to cumming fuck me harder Roger make it hurt. I want all of us to cum together. I want to feel Roger deep in me and I want to taste Mark's hot cum."

Mark and Roger looked at each other and said ready. They were and so was I we all came at the same time. We all let out one big moan of relief.

"Damn you guys are good I enjoyed it very much. It was a dream come true for me."

We all got dressed and got out of th ambulance before we got caught. I was with Mark in his car as we were leaving he saw his boss coming down the road "Duck down my boss is right there." 

He stopped Mark and asked what he was doing there and Mark told him he had to get some papers for class. His boss said ok and left. 

I passed my First Aid class became a Paramedic and worked with Mark but we never let what happen that day affect our job. We continued to date and work together. Roger never said anything about what happened. I moved in with Mark a few months later but we did not tell any one at the station about it. I wanted to surprise Mark so I invited one of my girlfriends over for dinner. Well that is what I told him but we had another surprise for him. Amber and I were going to fuck him that night. After dinner I told Mark to go in the living room and we would bring out dessert. I snuck into our room where I had two Teddy's for Amber and I. We changed in the kitchen, grabbed some whip cream, cherries, and chocolate syrup and went in the living room. Mark did not know what to say he was shocked.

"What is all this and why are you two dressed like that?"

"We are your desert." I said to him. 

He just looked at Amber then looked at me and said. "Wow I've dreamed of this but never thought it would happen."

Amber and I walked over to him, told him to get undressed, and lay on the floor. I took the whip cream and put some on his chest. Amber took the chocolate syrup and put some on his cock. As I sucked the whip cream off his chest, Amber sucked the chocolate syrup off his cock. Mark was moaning in delight, I could tell he was really enjoying his dessert. Amber grabbed ahold of Mark's cock started to stroke it as she was sucking it, she was sucking and stroking real fast. I stuck two cherries in my wet pussy, straddled his face and told Mark to suck the cherries out of me. Mark took his tongue licked up and down my pussy, then stuck his tongue in my pussy got the cherrie out of it, and ate it.

"Damn Rachel that tasted so good and your pussy tastes so sweet." Mark contuned to eat my pussy, licking it up and down, and fucking me with his tongue. My body was starting to tremble with extacy. I wanted to fill his mouth up with my sweet juices so bad. Mark told Amber to climb on him, he wanted to fuck her as he ate me. so she did. I was now facing Amber so I leaned over gave her a kiss, and said. "Thank you, I think he is really having a good time."

"No problem I know I am having a great time." She reached over grabbed my breast and began to massage them. With Mark eatting my pussy and Amber massaging my breast I was so close to cumming. Before I knew it Amber was sucking on my nipples and that made me really want to cum. Mark was pounding her pussy and the harder he would pound her the harder she would suck my nipples. I did not know about Mark or Amber but I was in extacy and I could feel a big orgasm comming. Amber looks at me and says. "I'm about to cum."

I look at her and say. "So am I" I was hoping that Mark was ready for a mouthful because he was getting one. Before we knew it all three of us were cumming at the same time. We get up, get dressed, and the three of us sit and watch a movie. Amber started comming over more often and we all would have sex. Every now and then we would invite Roger over and he would join the three of us.