 She was both nervous and excited as she turned into the motel parking lot. Ever since her boyfriend agreed to this two days ago, she has been in an almost constant state of sexual tension. She was also very anxious. How many more men were he bringing, two, three, and four more? She did not know. All she knew was that she was going to get fucked, and get fucked by more than one man.

Heather sat in her car for a brief moment, collecting her thoughts as stared straight ahead at the room door. And behind that door was her boyfriend with God only knows how many other men. As heart pounded as if it wanted out of her chest, she put her hand on the door and opened it.

"Nothing to do but go for it," she told herself as she closed the car door. She stood there, breathing hard, for a moment, before walking to the door. It opened as she approached.

"Welcome, baby," her boyfriend Brian said as she came to the threshold. He greeted her with a kiss on the lips before moving to one side and letting her in. She looked around and noticed there were no other men. Disappointed, she turned to Brian.

"They will be here soon," was his answer to her unasked question. He took her into his arms and began to kiss her lips with a passion she never felt from him before. She responded in kind, her hands freely roaming his body. When they touched the pants zipper, she pushed it down before slipping a hand into the new opening. 

"Very nice welcome," she said as she grabbed at his ever-growing cock. He inhaled deeply as she began to stroke with her soft hand. "Sit on the bed," she said as she pushed him down. She slipped onto her knees, never releasing her grip on his penis. As she slipped down, she ran her free hand over his body, causing him to respond with an audible moan.

"Very nice to see you, too," she whispered as she slipped off his pants. She smiled wide as she looked at his hard cock. A little drool pooled at the edge of her moth as she inhaled deeply. She slowed her stroking to allow herself to take his hardness into her mouth. The hot moisture of her mouth caused him once more to moan. This time, however, he fell back onto the bed.

"My God," was all he could think of saying as her mouth enclosed his cock. She sucked hard as she pulled her head away from his body. He sat up slightly and reached out for her hair. As he ran his fingers through her blond locks, she began to bob quicker. He moaned greatly as she swallowed him whole, before moving up and releasing his cock.

"Mm, you taste so good," she moaned out as she continued her action. She loved his taste, she loved to suck him and most of all, and she could suck him all night if that was what she desired.

"Oh my God, oh my God," he was saying as she sucked harder and faster. "Baby, I need your body right now."

Heather stopped sucking on him for a moment to stand. Slowly and with a teasing purpose, she removed her skirt, letting it fall from her Rubenesque body, showing him she did as he suggested; not wear any panties. He smiled, lustily, as she thumbed her blouse buttons through. He thought, and rightfully, that she was not wearing a bra as well.

"My God," was all he could say as her breasts fumbled out. He was speechless; he could not find the right words to say.

"Take them, baby," she said as she took his head and forced him into her cleavage. He didn't need to be told he knew that she wanted him to suck on her nipples. "God, yes," she moaned as he took one of her hardening nipples into his warm mouth.

"Do it, baby," she cooed as his tongue began to move across her flesh. Her breathing became labored as she felt his hand work down her fleshy stomach and down to her wetness. Heather pushed Brian down onto the bed and forced his head away from her breasts.

"Kiss me," she demanded as she took his face into her hands and kissed him. "I want you," she whispered as she broke the embrace for a moment.

"I want you, too," he answered as his hands began to explore her body. She cooed into his mouth as his fingers began to run over her back, down to her ample ass. He gently squeezed her flesh as she began to use her tongue more eagerly. She moved her hips back and allowed him to get a better grip on her ass.

"What was that?" She asked as a knock on the door stopped their ecstasy.

"Must be them," he whispered as he rolled off the bed and grabbed his pants. He Looked out the curtain and saw his three friends. "Yes, they are here," he said to Heather.

"They're early, aren't they?" she asked as she rushed to the bathroom to grab a towel.

"Not really," he answered as he opened the door. "Hey guys, welcome." She stood, stunned, as he opened the door and invited them in, all three of them in. Heather's mouth was agape as they walked in, all Brian's friends, all knowing what was to come. 


The first to walk in was Michael. A married man in his 40s, he was actually a friend of Brian's father. However, since Brian worked with him, Michael became his friend as well. Heather smiled, as she looked over the tall yet pudgy man. She liked his look.

Tim, a long, lanky man that needed a shave, followed Michael. Though she liked the feel of a beard, Heather thought he might burn her thighs some. She laughed to herself as he could her looking at him.

The last to enter was Maurice. She didn't know what to make of this small, balding man. He looked rather dull, but looks could always be deceiving. 

"Well, since everyone's here, what should we do?" she nervously said as she tugged at her towel. In her subconscious, she wanted the towel to fall, showing the men her body, and for them to then take her. She did not like not knowing what to do, to start this.

"I do," Brian said as he walked over to Heather and grabbed her towel. She was too slow in reacting; he stripped off the towel, exposing her to the three men. For a moment, she stood there, not moving, letting them see her large breasts and her wet pussy. A smile came to her face as she saw them look at her, their jaws open.

"Come here, baby," Brian said as he pulled her by the hand toward the bed. Already hard, he quickly took off his pants while kissing her passionately. She moaned as his hot mouth left her lips and traveled down her neck to her hardened nipples. She put her hands on his head and began to push him down, down to her waiting and wanting pussy.

Heather was filled with passion, wanting him to do her, wanting his cock inside of her, wanting the others to join him. She reached out and grabbed at a zipper. She didn't know whose it was, all she knew was she wanted it opened. 

"Oh my God," Michael whispered as she undid his zipper and reached into his pants. His breathing became labored as she began to stroke his cock. He became aware that she wanted him, so he quickly stripped off his pants and inched forward. When he was within inches of her mouth, she reached out with her tongue and licked it.

"I want some of this," Tim said as she began to take off his clothes. 

"Me too," Maurice said as he, too, removed his clothes. 

"Get on your knees," Brian said as he stopped licking her pussy. Beyond all passion she's ever known, Heather stopped sucking the new cock and did as she was told. "I think you should have this," he said to Maurice, giving him the first try at her pussy.

For a brief moment, Maurice stood there, not sure of what to do. "God, that delicious," he said as he began to stroke his well-endowed manhood. Heather was unaware of what was going to happen to her as she returned to sucking Michael.

She moaned slightly as Maurice's mouth touched her pussy. Instinctively, she pushed back against his tongue, and was surprised at its size. She did not have time to enjoy it exclusively, as she felt Michael's cock getting hotter. She sucked harder and faster, taking in as much as she could. She knew he was about to cum.

As Michael leaned back and began to cum down Heather's throat, Maurice put his large head against her wet and hot pussy lips. She leaned back; ready to accept what she thought was Brian's cock. But as Maurice's 10-inch muscle entered her, she stopped her swallowing and pushed back even more. She wanted that monster tool inside of her.

"God damn, fuck me," she screamed as Maurice kept sliding his cock into her wetness. Michael, his seed in her throat, fell to the side, allowing the now hard and ready Tim to slip his cock into her mouth. Excited at having a large member inside of her, she slurped that new cock into her mouth and sucked hard. 

"Damn baby," Tim exclaimed as her hot mouth swallowed his entire shaft. He put his hands on her head and began to thrust his hips. She eagerly accepted his movements, sucking hard as he moved his cock in and out of her mouth.

"She's one hot bitch," Maurice said as he began to thrust harder and faster. "She can take me for sure." He raised his hand and slapped her ass, causing her to moan. 

"She loves that," Brian said as he looked at the action, stroking his cock. 

"Oh God," Tim said as Heather's throat began to accept his cock. He was ready to cum; she was ready to swallow him whole.

"Give it to her; give it to her hard," Brian called out as he began to stroke faster. He loved watching his lover take on three more men. It was more his fantasy to see her be a slut than it was for her to be gang banged.

"Swallow me," Tim called out as closed his eyes and pumped his love juices deep into her throat. "God, my wife never does this for me," he added as he grabbed her head and shoved his cock deeper as she sucked out the last few drops. 

"God, she's hot, for sure," Maurice whispered out as he pounded her pussy harder and harder. "She's tight, Brian, just like you said," he added as his eyes began to roll back. He was about to cum. 

And Heather knew it. She released Tim from her mouth, causing him to fall back onto the bed. She grabbed the bed and pushed hard against the monster cock. "Give it to me," she screamed out as she let Maurice violate her hard. "Give me that monster cock."

"Take it, bitch," he screamed back as he felt his balls tighten. "God, I'm gonna cum!"

"Do it in me," she said. "Fill me with your seed!"

"Take it all," he said as he let go of all his juices into her hot and wet pussy. "Damn baby, take it all.!"

"Fuck, give it to me," she screamed as she wiggled her large ass and getting so much enjoyment from his body. "Oh my God," she added as she felt her knees feel weak. She fell forward as an incredible quick and powerful orgasm flushed over her body. Heather was asleep, passed out before her face hit the pillow.

"Well, I hope this clears up my tickets," Brian said to the men, as they were about to walk out of the hotel room. 

"Oh this more than does it," Michael, Officer Michael Towson, said. 

"And if you need any more tickets fix, please let us know," Lieutenant Maurice Roberts said as he smiled at Heather, who was now awake and laying under the covers. "Just call us anytime." The three officers left, leaving the two alone.

"Why didn't you tell me they were cops?" she angrily asked. "You know it's always been my fantasy to be fucked by so many cops!"

"I know, but they insisted that you didn't know," he answered. She wrapped her arms around him and pulled him to her cleavage.

"You're forgiven," she said as she kissed the top of his head.