 Dean Robinson was a straight, heterosexual man. He had been married for several years to his wonderful and attractive wife, Jane and in all that time he had never strayed. He had looked of course; a slender pair of legs brushing past him in a store or a pair of full, pert breasts encased in a thin top would always turn his head. But that sort of thing would have the same effect on any red-blooded male, he reasoned. No, what had started to bother Dean in the last few months was the now undeniable fact that he had started to look at other men. 

At first these feelings had bothered him; was he turning gay? But the feelings, whilst tinged with sexual tension, it was true, were mainly of an assessing, critical nature – he was comparing them. But what, or indeed who, was he comparing these attractive men against, he wondered? Dean Robinson was forced to think back to his past to realise the answer to that question……

Dean had been in his early twenties when his mother had remarried. It had been a tough time since his father had left and Dean had been more than pleased that his mother had found happiness for a second time. 

The wedding had been quite a large affair with friends and relatives – many of which Dean had never even met – arriving from all over. It was a happy day for him as well as for his mother and step-father and Dean ate, drank and danced until late in the afternoon.

It had been a warm afternoon and by six in the evening the sun was just starting to lose some of its ferocity. Dean, never having been much of a drinker, was by this time starting to feel the effects of the alcohol he had consumed and wandered tipsily from room to room. He knew that the inane, drunken smile that was plastered over his face must have looked rather stupid, but the combined effects of the drink, loud music and hot weather were somehow forcing him to direct the fixed grin to everyone he met.

Eventually, Dean’s wanderings led him to a large sun-lounge in a much quieter part of the large house that he and his mother now shared with her new husband. The air felt much cooler in here and Dean pressed his fingers to his temples in an attempt to alleviate the pounding sensation that was building up in his head. Dust particles danced in the still air and were highlighted by the streaks of soft sunlight that penetrated the closed blinds. Everything was quiet, everything was still and as Dean lay down on the day bed he closed his eyes gratefully. Just a few minutes rest, he thought to himself. Just a few minutes and then I’ll rejoin the party.

“No, it’s okay, look he’s waking up now.”

Dean’s eyes opened slowly and peered through the gloom at the person that was standing before him. For a moment he had thought that he must still be dreaming, so lovely was the vision of beauty that he was seeing. Her voice seemed to echo around the room and then change in pitch and tempo until Dean suddenly realised that she was not alone; a male voice (that presumably belonged to a male person, for Dean could yet not see anyone else but the wonderful blonde girl) had now joined the conversation.

Embarrassed at being caught sleeping, Dean’s eyes quickly opened fully and took in his surroundings. The pretty blonde looked only a few years older than him and was standing above him with her male companion just behind. Both were looking down at Dean with slightly drunken grins on their faces.

“I’m Abbey,” said the blonde by way of introduction, “and this is my husband Rick. You must be Martha’s boy Dean."

Dean began to raise himself up onto his elbows but abbey quickly raised her palm and placed it against his shoulder easing him gently back down.

“That’s okay, Dean,” she said with a smile, “relax. The party’s almost over anyway. Most folks have gone now. Rick and I are staying over and were just looking for our room when we found you. You looked to cute sleeping!”

Dean reddened with embarrassment again but couldn’t find any words that would make him seem less shy. He remained resolutely quiet.

“No need to be shy,” Abbey continued. She smiled again. “Looks like you were having a good dream though! I hope she was pretty!”

Horrified, Dean realised that both Abbey and Rick were looking at the lower half of his body where the unmistakable bulge of his dream-erection was still clearly evident.

“Maybe it wasn’t a girl.” Abbey’s husband, Rick chipped in. “You shouldn’t be so quick to assume, honey. Maybe Dean here is like ourselves.”

Dean realised that by now his face must have been scarlet with embarrassment, but the more he tried to cover his modesty, the more his erection seemed to flaunt itself. His discomfort was by no means lessened by the ghastly realisation that Rick had actually been right – Dean had suddenly recalled that his dream had been about John, one of the boys (although a very good looking boy, Dean thought with a shudder) that he had know in high-school.

“Is that right, Dean?” Abbey said. “Were you dreaming about a boy or a girl?”

“I…I…don’t know what…..I mean….”

Rick suddenly laughed. Not a cruel, mocking sound but more of a getting-to-know-you sort of chuckle.

“Don’t worry, Dean,” he said, “you’re among good friends here!”

Slowly Dean began to understand what he thought Rick had meant by this statement.

“You mean you’re…..? But I though you two…..?”

“No, I’m not gay!” Rick laughed again and nudged Abbey. “But I am bisexual. We both are.”

Abbey nodded enthusiastically. “So Dean,” she said, “is Rick right? Are you in good company?”

Slowly Dean nodded. “His name was John.” He said. “We knew each other at high school. But nothing happened. Honestly!”

“I was right!” Rick exclaimed and squeezed abbey’s shoulder affectionately. “I told you!”

“Yes, yes. Okay, so you were right. But that doesn’t mean to say that he doesn’t go for women too.

Abbey made the statement into a question as she looked over at Dean almost hopefully.

“I…I don’t really know,” Dean muttered, his head down. “I’ve never….you know…”

“Never?” Abbey said enquiringly, “never with a man or a woman?”

Dean shook his head sullenly.

“Well, maybe we should conduct a small experiment,” she continued, “purely in the name of science, of course!”

Dean’s eyes shot up just as Rick started to talk.

“What did you have in mind, hon?”

“Well…..this for a start!”

Dean’s eyes almost popped out of his head as he watched Abbey rise from the edge of the day bed where she had been perched and pull her sweater off over her head. Her long blonde curls seemed to shimmer in the half light and her midriff and arms were tanned the colour of golden silk. She reached behind her and flicked the catch on her white bra letting the garment fall from her shoulders and reveal two perfect orbs of soft womanly flesh.

“So, what’s the reaction?” Abbey asked with a grin as she stood semi naked in the centre of the room.

With two large strides, Rick was at Dean’s side and sitting next to the younger man. Gently his hand rested on top of Dean’s bulge.

“If you don’t mind?” Rick asked as he looked directly into Dean’s eyes.

Dean was far too confused to offer any form of rejection and Rick simply took his reticence as a sign of concurrence. His hand slowly lowered Dean’s zipper and before Dean knew what was happening, his pants were open and his erection bouncing into view.

“Okay!” Rick laughed, “I guess we’ve established that you’re not gay, but the fact that you seem to be enjoying this so much would indicate that you’re not completely straight either!”

Dean looked down and suddenly realised that Rick was gently rubbing his hand up and down the length of his, Dean’s, throbbing shaft. Many thoughts were battling for position within Dean’s head; he was looking at a half naked and beautiful woman with a hard erection – fine, he thought – but that erection was being intensified by another man’s hand. But the sensations as Rick stroked his cock and slipped a cupped hand under his balls were so strong that, slowly, Dean began to stop looking for answers, relax and ejoy himself.

By the time that Dean had reopened his eyes and looked back at abbey, she had stripped the rest of her clothes off and was now standing, hands on hips, completely naked. Her lithe, tanned body seemed to shine in the dim light of the room and Dean’s eyes roamed over it, greedily drinking in her sexual beauty. Her blonde hair framed her face perfectly as the professionally tangled curls tumbled over her flawless shoulders. Dean’s gaze travelled down the length of her body. He took in the swell of her luscious breasts tipped with hard pink nipples and then the smooth, flatness of her stomach. His eyes stopped at Abbey’s groin. She was standing with her legs slightly apart and he could see the cleft of her hairless sex. The lips seemed to unfold like the petals of a flower and a few drops of excited moisture speckled the flesh. Dean thought it was one of the most erotic sights he had ever seen.

“I think you are going to love the taste of this, honey!” Rick suddenly said.

Dean looked down again and realised that all the time he had been looking at – rather studying – Abbey, her husband had continued to stroke his hard cock.

“Come here Dean.” Abbey almost cooed his name and as she crooked her little finger towards him, Dean was forced to follow.

Abbey helped the younger man up and between her and Rick they quickly divested him of his clothes. She led him silent and naked towards a chair and she kneeled up on the soft upholstery as Dean stood trance-like before her.

Slowly Dean watched the top of Abbey’s head as it dropped towards his groin. He could feel her hot breath on his sensitive skin and gasped out loud as her tongue lapped tentatively at the head of his throbbing erection. He was in heaven and as the warm wetness of her mouth slowly engulfed him he knew that he was not going to be able to hold out a moment longer.

Abbey felt the younger man’s hands grip the top of her head and knew what to expect. She and Rick had been teasing him almost mercilessly for a while now – views of her aroused body and her husband’s expert hands on his cock – and she had been expecting a quick release. But the power of Dean’s orgasm surprised even her. A thick stream of hot semen suddenly hit the back of her throat and was quickly followed by several more shorter bursts. Abbey laved and sucked him gently as she swallowed as much as she could. She was pleasantly relieved to appreciate that the younger man was, as she had hoped, staying hard and erect.

“Now fuck me!” She almost screamed at Dean. “I want you deep in my cunt while Rick watches!”

Dean turned and was happy to see that Abbey’s handsome husband had stripped off all his clothes and was currently masturbating his own, strong erection while he watched the proceedings. A wicked grin split his rugged face and he nodded his eager agreement.

“Go on, Dean. Better do what she wants, don’t you think!”

Dean turned back and realised that Abbey had turned her body on the chair so that she was facing away from him. This was the first chance he had had to see her sweet, rounded ass and if he had not already been hard, the sight would have given him an instant erection.

Gently he nuzzled up behind this blonde goddess and lay his hard tool along the cleft between her buttocks. Instinctively he eased the bulbous head of his tool up and down through the length of her wet slit until the purple glans glistened with her sex juice. He could see her star shaped anus and felt his own rectum twitch in sympathy as he allowed his finger to play lightly with her tight, puckered hole. Slowly he moved his cock down towards Abbey’s vagina. Again the lips opened almost intuitively and Dean felt the hot wetness of her insides sucking him in.

And then, suddenly, Dean was inside her. His hands gripped the soft flesh of her buttocks as he rammed the entire length of his penis into her. Over and over again he launched himself at; spearing her, penetrating her depths, impaling her on his steel-like rod.

Abbey moaned and cried out as she was assaulted so brutally but so necessarily. She could feel the climax that had been building up inside her for so long about to peak. Her mouth hung open. Her sweat-dampened hair tossed around her shoulders. Her voice pitched higher as the waves of ecstasy swamped her and washed her to oblivion.

“Now put your cock in her ass, Dean.”

Dean looked up and opened his eyes to see Rick at his shoulder. The older man was close enough to smell the aroma of sex that was emanating from the two bodies and Dean could see that the cock that was protruding so fiercely from his body was streaked with pre-cum.

“I want you to fuck my pretty wife in the ass, Dean!” Rick repeated.

Before Dean really had a chance to react, he could feel Abbey change her position slightly. He was aware that her legs were still trembling in post-orgasmic excitement and the tiny anal ring that he had just been admiring was now in a direct line with his wet and slick cock.

Slowly Dean began to ease himself forward. The head of his tool pressed harder and harder against the seemingly impossible entrance. He leaned a little more weight forward and heard abbey moan deep in her throat just as her tiny hole opened up. He was inside easily and the his penis slid smoothly into her back passage.

“Oh God this is so GOOD!” Abbey moaned as she began to more her body back and forth. “Deeper… DEEPER!”

Again acting on impulse, Dean grasped her hips and angled his thrusts to attain maximum penetration. He could hear Abbey moaning and sighing and could feel the wetness of her continued climax as it seeped from her pussy and trickled down his thighs. His balls slapped noisily against her damp skin as he thrust deeper and deeper into her body, feeling the rise of his own passion.

“Yes…YES…fuck me…Fuck my ASS!…..It’s so good baby!”

And then Dean was cumming again. Great swathes of ecstasy rolled over his body, tensing him from the tips of his toes to the top of his head. He felt abbey fall forward and his twitching, spasming cock alight from her abused hole. And he kept cumming. Burst after glorious burst of hot, thick sperm jettisoned from his penis and trickled sexily – almost obscenely – through the valley between her buttocks.

Spent and almost completely exhausted, Dean fell back from the chair and gasped in great lungfuls of air. He looked at Abbey sprawled in front of him. He face was down in the upholstery and her open and dilated anus seemed to wink at him. Her breathing was heavy but regulated and Rick was at her side.

“But what about you?” Dean said as he suddenly saw Rick’s still erect condition. “You haven’t cum yet.”

With a smile Rick looked back over at the younger man. “Actually, I was saving myself for something special. Something – or someone – that’s new and fresh.”

Dean looked up confused.

“What about it, baby?” abbey’s soft voice drifted up to him. “I know you’ll like it and Rick is real good!”

Realisation dawned and Dean was all for it.

“I would like that.” He said quickly. “Do it Rick. Fuck me like I fucked Abbey!”

Dean could feel his own legs trembling now as both abbey and her husband helped him over to the chair. He allowed himself to be positioned over the arm of the chair and felt both Abbey and Rick gently pulling at his ankles so as to spread his legs and reveal his virgin anus. He shivered involuntarily as her heard the unmistakable sound of a condom packet being opened and the rubber protection being snapped over Rick’s hard penis. Abbey was standing in front of him, her pussy was mere inches from his eyes and he watched as she dipped two fingers inside her and withdrew the slick digits after a few seconds of probing.

“This is a great form of lubrication.” She said with a smile as she disappeared behind him.

And then, for the first time, Dean felt a woman’s fingers enter his back passage. They felt cool and wet and Abbey made a big deal of probing and opening the small orifice.

“Okay, Dean.” She whispered in his ear. “Now you’re going to get fucked. You’ll love it, I know you will!”

Dean tried to prepare himself but it was an act of futility. He soon realised that there would have been no preparation for what he now felt. Rick’s cock was pressing urgently at his freshly opened and lubricated anus. Dean tried to relax. He could feel Abbey’s hand under him as she gently groped and stroked his cock and balls. The invading rod at his ass pressed harder and harder. More pressure now. He could hear Rick grunting. Pressing…pressing…pressing… and then…..

...suddenly he was being fucked. His ass burned like hell. He felt the heat swamp his entire body as another man’s cock penetrated him. But it felt good. It felt right and as the pain subsided, the warm glow that it left in its wake lifted him to a level that he would have otherwise thought impossible. His own cock hardened and twitched. 

Dean could feel Rick swelling inside him after just a few strokes and he wanted him. He wanted to feel him explode and he knew that he wouldn’t have long to wait. Abbey was still jerking his cock and stroking his balls as the cum rushed into his ass. Dean cried out as he felt the hot liquid suge up inside him. He could feel his own balls crying out for release – his third, he realised with some surprise – and with Ricks sperm running down the back of his legs he felt Abbey’s hot mouth on him as he spewed forth his final offering.

Dean smiled to himself as he heard his wife’s key in the lock as she returned from her lunch with friends. A good lunch always seemed to put her in a sexy mood and as the thoughts of an experience many years ago drifted from Dean’s mind he realised that he had a good meaty bulge beneath his pants – something that didn’t happen on a too regular basis these days, he thought with a regrettable sigh. 

But Dean was determined to put his newfound ardour to good use and grabbed his wife around the waist as she started up the stairs.

“Oh! What’s all this then?” Jane exclaimed with some surprise as she felt her husbands’ hardness pressing into her. “You must have been watching all those young girlies on the Playboy channel!”

As Dean hastily stripped his surprised wife and entered her swiftly he wondered if she had any idea of the real reason behind his lustful mood!

The End