 "The boys training coach is on vacation next week and I'm covering for him." She said as she and her husband cleared he kitchen table

"That should be fun," he replied. "Do you think these boys will listen to you?"

"Sure, they respect me. I am in better shape than most of them," she replied.

"No, I mean, will they be able to concentrate when their teacher is in tight gym clothes with your breasts in their faces as you spot their weights?", he said.

The change of subject immediately put a smile on her face and slight sudden tingling. The thought of the students gawking at her has aroused her for quite sometime. Here were kids about half her age lusting after her. She often imagined if she were in their fantasies as much as they were in hers.

Her husband's obvious arousal added to the excitement. He often talked of her seducing the boys as he watched, initiating them properly with a skilled older woman.

The conversation quickly led to a passionate romp in the bedroom.

When Monday arrived, she went to work with a little more bounce in her step. She taught her morning classes, paying much less attention to the needs of her students than usual. Her attention was on her last class.

That last class was with seniors. She had no regular classes with this group, but had assisted coaches throughout the year. During the school year, she noticed the boys checking her out, much in the same way they watched their female cheerleaders. However, they watched longer, and you could see their minds turning, which is unusual for jocks. She took pride in the boys choosing to watch her over the more scantily-clad, hip-gyrating cheerleaders that often practiced nearby.

The equipment room was right next to the boy's locker room. She often heard conversations through the windows and vents of the locker room -- about how this girl was hot, what the boys would do with the girls if they went out with them, and making fun of each others lack of sexual experiences. Ms. Salas heard her name thrown about as well -- her nice "rack", her nipples that "perk up like soldiers" when it was cold, and how she could teach them all a few things.

She knew these boys were raging with hormones, and she could easily have any of them. She often dreamed about it. She even surprised herself when she checked school records for their ages to make sure if something did happen, she would not go to jail. When she saw someone turned eighteen in the records, she would feel freed up to include him in her fantasies, often leading to a nightcap of self-satisfaction or a romp with her husband.

She often wondered which ones were the largest, and if the largest boys knew how to use it.

The bell for the last class rang. She had anticipated this all day.

She started the class by explaining she would be covering for the other coach all week, that they would be doing aerobic and anaerobic training, and that she hoped the students could keep up.

The first class including weight training. She demonstrated proper techniques for incline presses. She did this to show off her "rack" as they referred to it, as much as to demonstrate technique. Then she spotted them, leaning over so they could enjoy the view from a different angle. She demonstrated squats. She felt squats gave her an unfair advantage with these boys, which is why she chose to demonstrate it. 

She watched them, adjusting their legs for proper form. She knew they were not paying attention to their form, but to hers.

Classes went on like this the next few days with the various training routines. She wore tighter and more revealing workout clothes each day. She tried to get a rise out of every student. If she did not succeed at first, she would spend more time closely adjusting the student's form so her breasts brushed up against them. By Wednesday, she had a good idea of how well-endowed each student was.

After each class, she quietly went into the equipment room and listened to the conversations in the locker room. They conversed less about the cheerleaders and more about her. She knew she was getting to them when they joked nervously about how they could not handle her.

When Friday's class arrived, she paid special attention to Jeremy and Peter. She had known them both since freshmen year. Both were jocks, but not the most popular. They were often the butt of jokes from the more popular jocks. They seemed to be the most nervous around Ms. Salas, and based on her success the previously that week, the most well-endowed.

Ms. Salas worked with these two boys in a corner of the weight room.

"If you don't have the right form, you are not working the muscles and may damage the joints," she instructed. "Don't grab the weights yet, let me show you."

Jeremy laid flat on his back on the weight bench. She asked Peter to pay attention as she leaned forward, reaching for Jeremy's arms so she could show the correct angle. Peter looked at her cleavage, and Jeremy looked at the breasts inches from his face.

They both replied, "Yes, coach," 

"Yes to what? I haven't moved his arms yet." she replied

They both realized they responded to her breasts, and not her demonstration.

"Are you having trouble concentrating?" she asked. "Would you rather do this on your own?"

"No," they both replied cutting her off.

"Well time is up anyway," she said. Then shouting to the others, "OK class, we're done. See you all Monday." Turning to Jeremy and Peter, she asked, "If you guys can stay, we can finish up on weights and flexibility."

They both agreed as if commanded by their hormones. Ms. Salas worked on them, both training and teasing.

When she showed them curls, she stood behind each of them and held their hip and shoulders still, pressing her breasts against their backs. She enjoyed feeling her breasts against their young strong backs. When she moved to the next exercise, she brushed her breasts on them as she pulled away both to keep the boys' attention, and to stimulate her nipples.

She leaned over at every opportunity to show the boys her cleavage. Her tight workout clothes did not reveal too much of her breasts, but it did not take much to distract these boys.

She glanced at their crotches occasionally to verify she was getting through to them.

"OK, that's it. Thanks for staying guys. See you Monday." she said.

The boys froze momentarily with a look of disappointment, as if she turned off the TV in the middle of a porn video. Reluctantly, they went to the locker room, and Ms. Salas hit the equipment room.

She listened as she heard, Jeremy start, "Man, I wish I had another week with her."

"For what." Peter replied, "So we could keep dreaming?"

"That wasn't dreaming. She rubbed her tits against you, too." Jeremy replied

"So that's the extent of your sex life? Having your gym teacher rub her breasts against you? You wouldn't know what to do with breasts if they were in your face." Peter challenged laughingly.

"Yeah, they were in my face and all I did was stare, and so did you," Jeremy replied. "But if I could, I would pull up her shirt play with them and suck them and do her right on the weight bench."

"And I'd pull down her tight pants and taste that sweet pussy," said Peter

"That's all you'd do is taste it because you wouldn't know what to do with after a couple of licks," said Jeremy.

"I bet she'd know what to do with us," said Peter as they both laughed, as they grabbed their towels and headed for the shower.

"So what would you do to me?" they both heard the voice of Ms. Salas.

Shocked, the boys turned, held their towels in front of them, and covered up as best they could.

Ms. Salas stood in the locker room, hands on her hips staring at them.

"I'm sorry, Ms. Salas, I..." one of the boys said as they stumbled through their apologies.

"No. Go on. What would you do to me?" said Ms. Salas.

The boys both tried to apologize again, but only monosyllabic mumbling came out.

"So what would you do with my breasts if they were in your face?" she said as she reached up and cupped her breasts with both hands.

"We were just joking, Ms. Salas, we..." Peter explained.

"If you lifted up my shirt, would you know how to kiss and lick my nipples?" she asked as she moved toward them, lifting up her shirt over her head, dropping it on the floor. She stood there in her sports bra and tights, with as and inquisitive and innocent look on her face as she could muster.

Peter and Jeremy looked at each other, then at Ms. Salas, jaws dropped and eyes big.

She reached out, pushed Jeremy backwards and walked him toward a locker room bench.

"Stay there," she commanded. Then she did the same with Peter, pushing him back and sitting him down so that they both were sitting facing each other on opposite sides of the aisle in the locker room. They sat surprised with their fully erect shafts holding the towels on their laps like tents.

She stood in front of Peter, legs spread straddling him, and grabbed both of his hands and lifted them to her breasts. He timidly squeezed her breasts through her bra. Ms. Salas grabbed his hands and pressed them harder against her breasts squeezing his hands showing him how she likes to be touched.

When Peter's surprise melted to curiosity and pleasure, she went to Jeremy and did the same. Jeremy cupped and squeezed. He gently flicked and pinched her nipples pushing through the sports bra. Her breath became more irregular as her nipples stood up at attention. Peter watched Ms. Salas's back arching to the side as she enjoyed Jeremy's touch on her nipples.

She pulled away from Jeremy, turned and walked toward Peter again. Peter stared at her nipples through the bra. Ms. Salas lifted her sports bra over her head. He reached up and fondled her breasts. She did not guide them this time as she wanted him to feel them the way he wanted. His inexperienced clumsiness with her breasts aroused her as much as the fondling.

She walked back and forth between the two boys, letting each of them squeeze, kiss, suck, and lick her breasts, as she straddled above them. She lost count of how many times she went to each side. She could feel the boys energy build up, as if they were ready to stampede her. But she kept them back, pushing hands away if they reached to pull down her pants, and pushing them back down on the bench if they started to stand up.

They were ready to practically cum from the moment she walked into the room, but she wasn't going to let them cum then or now.

Peter held both her breasts in his hands and alternated sucking each nipple. Ms. Salas pulled back, or pushed her breasts into his face as she desired.

She stood up, turned toward Jeremy and pulled down her pants. She stood naked in front of the boys. Jeremy looked up and down her body from the front, while Peter gawked from the back. Peter stood up as if it was his queue to stick his dick in her. But without looking back, Ms. Salas held her hand up and commanded "Stay seated or this is where it stops."

Jeremy's face went from awe to panic, and he looked at Peter, as if his look was what forced Peter to sit back down abruptly.

She walked over to Jeremy and pushed him back on the bench so he was flat on his back with his legs dangling off the end, his towel still covering his erection. The benches were narrow, perfect for Ms. Salas walk over with a leg on each side.

Ms. Salas straddled over Jeremy's face. Jeremy stared back and forth between Ms. Salas eyes and her wet pussy. He was excited and a little scared.

"Would you know what to do with me if I put my pussy on your face?" she asked lowering herself on his face.

"I could, I think, if you can, I would, mmmffffm..." he replied, muffled by Ms. Salas's pussy on his face.

She felt his tongue thrust very shallowly into her pussy, as if he were a thirteen-year-old French kissing for the first time. Then there were more thrusts around her lips, momentarily forgetting about what he was doing with his tongue as he enjoyed the view and the wonderful taste. He then moved different ways to try to find what would please her. She moaned softly, and moved her pussy around to find the best spot on his tongue and face. She pulled off slightly, and Jeremy's head followed. She put her hand on his forehead, gently pushing him away when he was too rough, and reaching on top of his head when she wanted more pressure. She moved her hips back and forth on his tongue, guiding the pressure as she liked.

Peter watched her ass move back and forth across his friends face. Ms. Salas pulled off Jeremy's face, turned and walked toward Peter.

He looked straight at Peter and said, "He does know what to do with me," knowing that it was a little white lie.

She straddled Peter in the same way. Peter's tongue thrust deep inside of her and she felt his lips against her pussy lips. She rocked her hips back and forth, much to the delight of Peter and the visual delight of Jeremy.

She and Peter looked at each other in the eyes as she smiled at the view of her pussy muff covering his lower face, his eyes wide open as if never recovering from when she first walked into the locker room.

Her rocking became more pronounced, thrusting at the end of each move. Peter could not keep up with her motions. She closed her eyes, and held his head still with her hand, leaned forward on the bench supporting her weight with the other hand. She began to let go feeling her orgasm surging from her toes on the locker room floor, up her leg to her pussy as she was fucking his face just as she had imagined the night before. The surge of her orgasm was moving down from her nipples still tingling from being erect and sucked so long. The two surges met at her pussy and she could not hold back.

She pushed her pussy forward, cumming on Peter's face, thrust her hips across his tongue for each contraction of her orgasm. She held Peter's head right where she wanted, finishing with her erect clit frantically rubbing the tip of Peter's nose, while his tongue was deep inside her.

Fully satisfied, she leaned forward and slowly unstraddled Peter's dripping face.

She turned toward Jeremy, who had enjoyed watching her ass while she came almost as much as licking her pussy. She laid him back, pulled the towel off him, grabbed his thick, eight-inch cock, and gently lowered herself on him, spreading her wet pussy open.

Jeremy's eyes started to roll to the back of his head as he tried to hold back from cumming. Ms. Salas pulled off, and pinched the head of his cock to stop him from cumming. She had watched his gym shorts all week, and she wanted to savor his cock. She repeated several times, partly to keep Jeremy from cumming, and partly because she loved to feel his cock's head pass thru her pussy lips. She repeated this until Jeremy was in control and she could move to her heart's delight. Well, to her pussy's delight.

She alternated between controlling her weight on him and moving up and down, and sitting fully on top of him, thrusting her hips back and forth so his shaft pressed against her g-spot.  It was not long before she felt the more surges, this time in waves, move across her body to her pussy.

With another moan and uncontrolled thrusts, she soaked Jeremy's shaft with juices from her orgasm. While still cumming, she looked at Jeremy to see his eyes roll back into his head. She felt his pulsating cock pump his cum into her. As she watched and felt his orgasm peak then trail off, she quickly thrust her hips a few more times as if to suck every drop from him. With one final moan and almost desperate final squirt, his body went completely limp, save for his still throbbing cock.

She turned to finish off Peter, who like Jeremy, enjoyed the view of her thrusting, orgasming ass.

She knelt down, pulled Peter's towel away, and lowered her head onto his shaft. She noticed his cock was not as thick as Jeremy's, but the length was almost identical. It was if she was measuring it by slipping the entire cock down her throat.

She could feel him start to cum with just the third stroke of her mouth around his cock. Although he was silent, she could feel him starting to cum. She felt his legs straighten, pressing against her breasts as her mouth was being filled with load after load of cum, shooting from his cock and down her throat.

She had not had so much cum in so long, but she swallowed every drop, holding his cock deep in the back of her throat until it stopped pulsing. With a final sucking motion, she pulled off, sucking every last drop from his relaxing shaft.

She stood up, put her clothes back on slowly, and when fully dressed, commanded, "Keep this to yourself, and it may happen again. OK boys, now hit the showers."

The boys did not move and did say a word until she was out in the hallway. Only then did she heard a loud and drawn out, "Hooolllyyy shit!!!"