 This is a continuation of the Holiday Cheerleader series, but since the chapter numbers tend to get screwed up, I'm giving each new story a different name.

###

Julie sat on a plastic crate in the family room of a house under construction, pondering her options. Both wrists were bound to a rope hanging over a wooden beam high above her. She was naked except for a small blanket thrown over her shoulders. In front of her, a large picture window allowed her a view of the nearby sidewalk and busy street.

The same picture window, of course, allowed anyone outside the house to see in. With that in mind, Julie weighed the arguments for and against standing in the window to get somebody's attention before the night got any darker and colder.

The beautiful eighteen year old girl wouldn't have been in the situation if her brother Justin and her friend Todd hadn't left her in the house after having sex with her. Yes, it had been her fantasy to have sex in 'public' with her brother. But she HADN'T planned on his turning it into a bondage fantasy as well...or that the two guys would leave her helpless in the house afterwards.

Justin said the construction crew would set her free in the morning. Yeah, right! There's a better chance the sun won't come up, Julie thought to herself.

It was getting cooler. The blanket was hardly going to be enough to keep her warm as the night wore on. What to do?!

A few minutes later, just as Julie had convinced herself that standing at the window and getting someone's attention would be her best bet, she heard the front door open. Panic overtook her, knowing that she had no defense whatsoever against the intruder. She held her breath, ready to scream.

She heard footsteps in the sawdust-filled hallway leading to the family room. A shadow in the faint light preceded the unexpected visitor. Then a figure was in the doorway.

It was a man. Julie prepared to release her scream...

And then she pulled it back. "Mr. Simmons! What are you...how did you know..."

"Hello, Julie. Imagine my surprise when I drove past a few minutes ago and one of my former students was inside this house, apparently in need of some help. I live one street over."

Tony Simmons was a history teacher at the high school Julie and Justin and Todd went to. He was somewhere around forty, ruggedly handsome and athletically built. Julie, if asked, would have to admit to several instances of fantasizing about him while alone in her bed at night.

It was only after the shock of his appearance was gone that Julie realized she was standing there with a blanket covering her shoulders and arms, but leaving her otherwise nude body fully open to his inspection. Julie turned sideways to him, holding the blanket with one bound hand against her side. That's when she noticed Tony was carrying what looked like a large, white towel.

"My stupid brother and Todd left me here. Can you get me down, please!" she pleaded.

"But you look so...cute," Tony said, approaching Julie slowly. She attempted to stay covered as much as possible under the constraints of the rope around her wrists. But she soon found that no matter how hard she tried, complete coverage of her body was not possible.

Tony realized the same thing and nonchalantly moved to a point where he could see her from the front without her being able to hide.

"Please!" Julie used the sexiest, girl-in-need voice she could muster.

"Looks to me like you could use a bathrobe," Tony said, allowing the robe in his hand to fully open as he held it to his side.

Julie's eyes widened. If she couldn't get dressed in her own clothes, the robe was the next best thing.

"I guess we'll have to let you down first," Tony said, walking behind his former student.

Julie was glad he was no longer directly in front of her, staring at her breasts and pussy as if he'd never seen a naked girl before. But then she felt the blanket being pulled off her shoulders and Julie could feel Tony's eyes on her bare back and ass.

Tony kicked the crate aside, the noise making Julie flinch with surprise. Then she heard a loud click right before she looked up to see him cutting the rope with a pocket knife.

The release of tension on her arms when the rope was sliced was one of the best feelings Julie could remember. She let her arms hang at her side and instantly felt the warmth of blood returning to her hands. Tony walked in front of her and began the process of loosening the noose around each of her wrists. Eventually, she was free.

Tony pointed to the robe beside her. "Put it on. We're going for a short walk."

Julie quickly put on the robe and tied it tightly around her waist. "What about my clothes?"

"Bring them with you. C'mon." Tony headed for the back door of the house while Julie hastily picked up her clothes and ran to catch up with him. "We'll cut through the yards. I'm right over there."

Tony pointed to a large house a couple of houses away. Julie had no choice but to walk out into the late evening gloom and tag along with the man who set her free. The robe was short, barely reaching the top of her knees, and the cool air could be felt on every inch of her body. But it beat hanging from ropes in an empty house.

Luckily, the sod was down in Todd's new back yard and Julie's bare feet got a break. A few minutes later Julie and Tony were approaching his back door, Julie still apprehensive about the neighbors and what they might have seen. But Tony seemed unconcerned and, with a slight smile, opened the door to let Julie in.

She eagerly entered the house and stood to the side while Tony locked the back door behind them.

"Come on in," Tony said as if Julie was an expected guest at a party.

She followed him through a couple rooms and down a long hallway, admiring the artwork and expensive furnishings the best she could at their swift pace. Tony led her into a spacious living area filled with long couches, tables and bookshelves. Nearly everything in the room was fancier than anything she'd experienced in the past. Only for a second did she have time to wonder how a high school teacher could afford it.

Then Tony said, "Lay your clothes over there."

He pointed to a high-backed chair in the corner. Julie put the clothes down and turned to face him for more 'instructions.' She felt totally helpless again despite being in better surroundings.

"Have a seat," Tony said. Julie picked out the couch closest to her and plopped down, tugging at the robe to cover as much of her thighs as possible. "I'll be right back."

Julie watched Tony walk out before letting her eyes do an inventory of the room. Nothing seemed out of place and it struck Julie that, apparently, no kids had ever been in this room. The books were mostly history related, with a few classic novels thrown in.

She was tempted to throw on her clothes...at least her panties...but found herself unable to do it. Perhaps it was the fact Tony had been her teacher once that caused his power over her to remain.

It was five minutes before Julie heard anybody returning. Even then, it was only footsteps, not voices. She looked up and saw Tony walking back into the room with a tall, stunningly gorgeous blonde woman.

They stopped before getting to Julie's couch.

"Julie, this is my wife Emma," Tony said.

Julie managed a weak 'Hi' while unconsciously capturing the full beauty of Emma's long, lean body. She wore a simple dress that highlighted every wonderful curve.

"Hi, Julie," Emma replied. "It's very nice to meet you. Tony said you were cute and he's right."

Julie smiled nervously, unsure why a woman that looked like Emma would compliment any other female.

"Thanks," she said.

"Can I get you anything to eat or drink?" Emma asked.

"No. I'm fine," Julie said. She hesitated before going on, but sensed this might be an opening for her. "I really need to head back home."

"Nonsense," Tony interjected quickly. "I haven't seen you in a couple years. I want to know how college is going. Emma, get us all something to drink."

"Be right back," Emma answered, turning gracefully and disappearing down the hall.

Tony sat in a chair opposite Julie. She was feeling more and more perplexed, wondering when and how she was going to escape her new 'prison'. But if she was going to be stuck somewhere, having it be with the handsome teacher of her teenage dreams wasn't all that bad.

"So, how did your first quarter at school go?" Tony asked.

Julie fidgeted with her robe while spending the next several minutes going over her schedule, the campus, social life and anything else that came to her mind. Tony listened intently and asked a couple questions. Julie was feeling a little more relaxed about the time Emma brought them each a large glass of wine.

Emma sat on the couch next to Julie; close, but not uncomfortably so. They all took a drink and Tony brought the conversation back to high school days and some of Julie's friends.

"It'll be great having Todd and his family so close," Tony said. "He's a good kid."

Julie's mind flashed back to earlier in the evening when Todd and her brother were involved in one of the stranger sexual experiences of her young life. Good kid? she thought. Good fuck, maybe.

They chatted and talked for almost half an hour. Then Tony said, "Julie, I guess I should explain why you're still here."

Julie nodded, more than willing to listen if it meant getting to go home.

"Emma and I have a great relationship. We'd do anything for each other," Tony said, looking at his wife lovingly. "Every time she sees some of the girls in my class she says, 'You're so lucky having all those beautiful young girls around.' Well, the more we talked about it the more she admitted that she wanted to do more than meet one of you. Of course, I couldn't ask one of my current students to come over, so it had to be somebody who already graduated. When I saw you over at Todd's new place, in your 'predicament', I decided to rescue you."

He only paused to take a sip of wine. "Julie, I'm going to take you home tonight. But first, I'd like to offer you an opportunity of a lifetime. I want you to experience something only a thirty-five year old woman like Emma can give you—total sexual fulfillment. I don't know what happened to you earlier tonight, but it can't possibly compare with what Emma can give you."

Despite the shock of what Julie was hearing, her pussy was responding in the most positive way. Julie remembered the sex she had with her mother the night she discovered her Mom and Todd fucking. She looked over at Emma for the first time since Tony started talking and looked into her soft blue eyes. The tingle the deep inside her pussy grew in intensity.

"You want us to have sex?" Julie asked, knowing it was a dim-witted question but unsure what else to say.

"Yes. I'll be here as well," Tony added.

Julie shifted on the cushion. "Then you'll take me home?"

Tony's heart raced at the indication she was agreeable. "Yes. I promise."

Julie followed Emma's long legs up to the bottom of her dress, envious of the silky smooth thighs on a woman almost twice her age. Her eyes traveled farther up to the seemingly full breasts pressing against the top of Emma's dress. Just a hint of cleavage showed in the v-neck opening.

"Alright."

Emma broke out in a huge grin when Julie uttered the word. She looked over at Tony.

"Good girl, Julie. Why don't you stand up and take off that robe so Emma can see how beautiful you really are," Tony said.

As she stood, Julie gained SOME satisfaction in knowing she was doing this voluntarily, unlike the incident inside Todd's house. She'd also be excited about showing herself off to Tony, except that he'd already seen as much of her as you could possibly see.

Still, Julie felt a quiver of exhilaration as she untied the belt around her robe. She was facing Emma, just a couple feet in front of her. Julie let the robe hang open for a moment, and then began to slide it off her shoulders. Soon, she was once again naked.

Julie tossed the robe onto the couch where she had been sitting and stood at attention for Emma's inspection.

"Turn around," Emma said calmly.

Julie faced Tony, who was smiling as broadly as Julie had ever seen him smile. When he signaled for her to turn back around, Julie obeyed.

"You're gorgeous," Emma said, looking Julie in the eyes before peering once more at her youthful body.

After a few seconds, Emma stood directly in front of Julie. "Undress me, please."

Before Julie could move, Emma was pulling down the zipper at the back of her dress. Once she dropped her arms, Julie took hold of the top of the dress and pulled each side down Emma's arms. A pair of full, firm breasts appeared as Julie lowered the dress. Below that, a red thong covered Emma's pussy. As soon as Julie put the dress on the couch, she reached for the thong and quickly took it off.

Emma's pussy was neatly shaven with the faintest hint of fine, blonde hair above her clit. Julie found herself wanting to taste her new friend, but decided to continue playing the 'slave' role.

"Stand up, Julie," Emma said. "I want to touch that marvelous body."

Julie's desire to get right to Emma's pussy was frustrated by the command. But Julie quickly forgave her when Emma's hands began skimming back and forth across her breasts. Julie had no way of knowing how often Emma had been with another woman, but she sensed this was a first for her.

Emma's fingers were delicate in their probing, as if not wanting to break anything. Then the pressure increased until she was cupping Julie's breasts and squeezing a little tighter. Julie's mouth opened a crack as the stimulation of her nipples continued. Her breathing quickened and a shudder ran through her body.

"Lick them, Emma. Please."

As soon as the words left her mouth, Julie realized it might have been a mistake. But her lust out-dueled her logic. Much to her relief, Tony was silent and Emma began to do just as Julie had asked.

Emma put one hand under a breast and leaned forward until her lips could lightly kiss Julie's nipple. Emma's tongue slipped out and stabbed at the bright pink bud. Then Emma opened her mouth and slowly put the breast inside, licking the nipple and tenderly biting down on it.

Julie's moan caused Emma to increase the attention she paid to the aroused breast. With more and more vigor, she sucked and licked the soft skin. Emma's hand moved behind Julie and landed on her ass. Their lower bodies came together as Emma continued to suck on the breast.

The next time Julie opened her eyes, Emma said, "I think he likes you."

Emma motioned for Julie to look behind her. Julie swiveled her head and saw Tony stroking a very hard erection. He had pulled the cock through his open zipper and was reclining in his chair comfortably. A smile of approval told the girls to return to what they were doing.

"Let me taste your tits, Emma. I want you to feel what I'm feeling."

Emma eagerly allowed the teenager to spend the next several minutes attending to her breasts. Julie's hand intuitively fell between Emma's legs and searched out the clit. By the time Julie was done, Emma was on the verge of cumming.

Emma fell back onto the couch, much to Julie's initial disappointment. But when Emma sat there and spread her legs, Julie smiled at the invitation and dropped to her knees.

Julie methodically kissed her way up the inside of Emma's thighs. She could smell the sweet scent of Emma's sex the closer she got to Emma's pussy. It was tempting to dive right in and bring Emma to a fast orgasm. But Julie decided to tease her as long as she could.

She let her tongue finally make contact with the opening to Emma's vagina. Julie separated the damp folds of skin and probed the hole, but purposely left Emma wanting more. After a minute or two, Julie moved up until feeling the nub of Emma's clit on the tip of her tongue.

Emma pushed her hips forward in an attempt to get Julie to apply more pressure. Instead, Julie simply flicked at the clit and taunted it with her lips.

"Tell me what you want," Julie said with a fresh sense of control.

"That. I want you to keep doing that," Emma said in an unsteady voice.

Julie smiled and continued her restrained attack on the pussy. Emma's ass was off the couch and Julie placed her hands underneath, pulling Emma closer. She could see Emma playing with her nipples, tugging on them each time Julie licked her clit.

"Harder! Please lick me harder," Emma begged.

"Will you cum for me?" Julie asked after applying slightly more pressure to the clit.

"Yes! God, yes!"

Julie inched forward, ready for the final assault. She wrapped her lips around Emma's clit and licked it and sucked it as hard as she could without hurting Emma.

"Ohhhhhh, God. Yessss!"

Julie gripped Emma's ass tightly, feeling the soft skin collect within her palms. She pushed down with her mouth until she thought she'd swallow the swollen clit. Emma's cries grew louder and more frequent as her body stiffened.

Julie moved her face down and thrust her tongue deep inside Emma, causing the woman to begin moving her body up and down as though it was a cock that had been inserted inside her. Julie let Emma fuck her face for a moment, then returned to the clit.

That was all Emma needed to climax.

"Now! Now! I'm...cumming."

With a violent jerk of her body, Emma began to cum. Julie hung on the best she could to the shifting target of Emma's pussy. Every now and then she made good contact with the clit and Emma shouted out with pleasure. Julie could feel the juices collecting on her chin as the orgasm continued.

Tony was only occasionally stroking his cock now, not wanting to cum too soon. He'd seen his wife's naked body many times before, so he concentrated mostly on Julie's tight ass and the breasts hanging from her chest. Precum oozed from the tip of his cock and Tony fought the urge to cum.

Emma's moans subsided slowly, as did Julie's licking and sucking. When Emma tried to pull away from her, the teenager knew enough to quit. Julie slinked her way up Emma's body until reaching her tits. There, she licked the nipples that she saw Emma playing with earlier. Emma leaned back on the couch, totally exhausted.

Julie had almost forgotten about Tony until she heard him rustling behind her. Then she heard him say, "Roll over, Julie."

Julie spun off of Emma and ended up sitting next to her, facing Tony. He was naked from the waist down. Julie stared at the hard cock pointing up from between his legs, red from his recent rubbing of it. She felt a rush of excitement. Julie hadn't paid much attention to her own horniness...until now.

Tony approached her and slipped between her legs. Tony leaned down and grabbed Julie by the hips, sliding her down the couch until her pussy was directly in front of his throbbing cock. Julie gladly let him do whatever he wanted as long it resulted in that cock fucking her.

Luckily, Tony had the same thing in mind. Once he had lifted her high enough to let him put his cock at the entrance to her pussy, he eased forward and watched his cock begin to disappear. Julie clung to the cushion as Tony drove his cock deeper and deeper inside her.

When his balls touched her, Tony began to fuck her in earnest. Julie tightened her cunt around the huge cock. She was no longer lying in her bed imagining the good looking teacher fucking her—she was living it.

To her surprise and delight, Emma leaned over and began sucking on her breast. Then Emma put a hand on Julie's clit and combined her licking and fingering with incredible skill. Julie's body burst with sensations she'd never felt before, bringing her ever closer to an orgasm.

Soon, Julie realized she could hold it back no longer. She cried out and held on. Rush after rush of pleasure flowed through her pussy as Tony pounded her even harder and faster. Emma bit her nipples and new waves flowed from Julie's chest to her cunt.
