 I was waiting for Mike near the school entrance when I saw him walk out the door with several girls. I smiled at the thought that they, too, found him attractive. But Mike was mine -- or perhaps I was his -- but either way, he wasn't available to them. I walked toward the group and recognized only a couple of the girls. As I neared the group, one of the girls turned and saw me. I smiled, but she turned to the group as if she'd not seen me. Suddenly the whole group turned to watch me approach ...I felt like the spoiler of a party!

But Mike moved to greet me. With his arm around by waist, he pulled me close and kissed me on the cheek. "Hi, babe, sorry I'm late." Then turning to the group of girls, he waved and called, "Bye! See y'all Monday."

As we walked away, Mike's arm around my shoulders, I heard some comments but couldn't make out the words. Then a girl said more loudly than normal, "Ahh, she's just a whore!"

Mike stopped and whirled around glaring at them. I didn't know what the hell was going on. One of the girls stared angrily at Mike, then glared at me, turned and walked back into the school followed by the others. 

Mike put his arm around my shoulders and led me toward the car. "Dumb bitch!" He said with some anger in his voice. "Don't pay any attention to Sharon, Kelli, she's jealous of you, that's all."

I looked at him and frowned. "What? You mean she was talking about me? She called me a whore?"

As Mike drove away from the school, I slid over onto the center console. Leaning against him, I kissed his cheek and put my arm around his neck. He grinned at me and offered his lips, which I eagerly kissed. Then not wanting him to wreck the car, I laid my head on his shoulder and caressed his chest.

A whore? As we drove to his house, I kept thinking about it, but the problem was that I really didn't know what a whore was -- not so sure that I know now. I mean, sure, I'd heard people say the word and I knew that it was usually used as a derogatory term, but what did it really mean? And more to the point, was I really a whore? Hell, not knowing the definition or actual meaning of the term, I was confused.

In Mike's basement playroom, he handed me a cold beer, which I didn't really want but took anyway. Tossing his jacket on a chair, he sat down on the sofa and held out his arms for me. Stepping up close to him, he put his arms around my waist and put his face against my belly. Hugging me tight, he made little kissing noises. Then lifting my shirt, he kissed my bare belly and slid his hands down my back and onto my butt, pulling me even closer. Leaning to the side, I put my beer bottle on the end table and caressed his cheeks and head as he kissed my belly.

Even as I stood there wondering what a whore was, he undid my skirt and pushed it down to the floor. Feeling his hands on the bare skin of my butt, I shivered with delight and anticipation as he slid the thong down my legs. I looked down at him nuzzling my belly and pulled his face tighter to my body. Hmm, did that make me a whore? I could feel him trying to place his kisses further down my belly. I didn't want to stand there while he kissed and licked my cunt, so I pushed him away and sat down beside him. As I tried to snuggle close to him, he pulled my shirt off over my head. Naked, I looked up at him and smiled happily. His arm went around my shoulders and his hand sought my breast and nipple as I snuggled close to him.

As he massaged my breast and teased my nipple, I thought again about the meaning of the word 'whore'. There were several girls in school that the kids called or thought of as whores, but they seemed to be nice, normal girls. I mean, I didn't know what they did on dates or with boys, but...? So what made them whores and some of the other girls that dated boys not whores?

"What's a whore, Mike?" I asked, still snuggling tightly against his warm body. 

He tugged at my nipple, kissed my head and said, "Hmm, a whore is ...well, a whore is a girl who sells her body for sex ...I guess?"

"But that's a prostitute, isn't it?"

"Oh, yeah, I guess so." He said, tugging firmly on my nipple. "Shit, babe, I don't know what a whore is ...I mean, it's just a nasty name, ain't it?"

He stood up, removed his clothes and sat back down. With his arm around me again, he pulled me tightly against his body. I snuggled against the warmth of his naked skin feeling secure, loved and happy. As I kissed his chest, his fingers were back to massaging my breast and tugging at my nipple. Moving my arm so as not to interfere with his, I grasped his cock, stroking the warm, hard shaft.

We snuggled and teased each other for a while, then he kissed my head. Chuckling, he said, "Hey, are you gonna' suck my dick or just play with it?"

I looked up at him and grinned. "Oh, Mike, I'll do whatever you want ...you know that!"

He didn't hesitate to pull my head down into his lap. And I didn't hesitate to take his hard cock into my mouth. I dearly loved sucking his cock and was more than happy to obey his direction. As his hand massaged my breast, I sucked and licked and kissed his big, hard cock. He murmured with pleasure as I licked the smooth head, sliding my lips down over the hard shaft. We had hours before I had to go home, so I took my time to enjoy the big cock and to give him as much pleasure as I could before he climaxed. 

I guess I loved Mike, but I use that term for want of any other term to explain my feelings for him. But I'm not even sure to this day what the hell love is. Either I was born without a 'love gene' or love is something that has eluded me all of my life. I've liked a lot of people, but was it love? I've had sex with lots of boys and men, and have enjoyed it tremendously. But was it for love or just for the physical, sexual pleasure? And how am I to know? I've enjoyed sex with guys that I'd only met and ones that I've known for years ...and the sex was fantastic. So where does love come into the mix? No one has ever adequately explained love to me other than with nebulous, meaningless phrases like 'oh, you'll know it when it happens' or 'it's the greatest feeling ever', etc. It's a major mystery to me.

I pulled my mouth from his lovely cock and glanced up at him. "Is this being a whore, Mike? I mean, like, would Sharon suck you off like this?"

He pushed my head back down and chuckled. "Kelli, will you quit with the whore-business? I don't know what the fuck a whore is!" He caressed my head lovingly. "Kelli, you aren't a whore, okay? Please ...you're not a whore!" 

I pulled off again and giggled. "So all girls suck off their boyfriends like this?"

Pushing my head back down, he said, "Goddammit ...will you shut the fuck up and suck my dick! Some girls are whores and some ain't ...I guess? Who the fuck cares, anyway?" 

I continued to suck and lick and kiss his beautiful cock. I thought about the word whore some, but I must admit that sucking his cock was far, far more important to me that some damned word. I'd only been sucking his cock for a few minutes when two hands grabbed my hips and jerked me around onto my back. Or rather, my lower half was on my back and my upper half was twisted to face Mike's cock. I pulled my mouth from his cock and glanced around. Tommy was standing by the sofa grinning down at me and removing his clothes.

"What the hell?" I asked glancing up at Mike. "When did he get here?"

They both laughed and Mike pushed my head back down into his lap. I felt Tommy's hands push my legs apart. I now had one foot on the floor, the other up on the sofa with my knee up and tilted to the side. His fingers were gently caressing and probing my cunt. I was already wet and ready before he came in but now I was as slick and wet as I'd ever been. I looked up at him and watched him roll a condom onto his long, hard cock. 

Glancing up at Mike, then looking him, I asked, "Tommy, am I a whore?"

Tommy stopped and stared at me for a moment. Then he frowned and looked at Mike. "What the fuck? Is she drunk or something?"

Mike chuckled and pushed my head back down onto his hard cock. I felt Tommy kneel between my legs and finger my cunt as Mike said, "No, she ain't drunk ...that dumb bitch Sharon called her a whore and she's been worried about it ever since."

"Sharon? That stupid bitch!" He said with some anger. "Want me to go slap the shit outta her, Kelli?"

I glanced at him and laughed. "No! Geez, I don't want you slap her ...I just wondered if she's right ...am I a whore? And what the hell is a whore?"

Tommy looked at me and frowned in confusion, but Mike again pushed my head down into his lap. As Tommy's cock began to probe for my hot, wet, ready hole, Mike said, "I don't think she's a whore, do you?"

I think Tommy actually said something, but it was muffled by his grunting noises as his big cock stabbed into my cunt. With a cock in my mouth and one pumping into my cunt, I forgot about whether I was a whore or not and started enjoying great sex with my two favorite guys fucking my brains out.

I don't know if it was the talk about whores or not, but Mike was ready to climax rather quickly. It was not what I wanted ...I wanted to enjoy him in my mouth and on my lips a lot longer. But the telltale swelling and increased rigidity of his cock had started and, at that point, there was almost no turning back. So wanting to give him as much pleasure as I could, I tried to ignore Tommy fucking my cunt and concentrated on loving Mike's cock. Using my tongue, I pressed his cock firmly against the roof of my mouth and added increased pressure with my lips. I wanted to help him have the best orgasm of his life, but he seemed more interested in just blasting off and not attempting to set a record! With his hand pressing down on my head, the big cock swelled and then his hips jerked involuntarily. I heard a low moaning sound, then felt the hot, sweet fluid splash into my mouth and onto my tongue. He groaned, then the cock swelled again and the second, sweet offering of cum splashed onto my tongue. I sucked at the big cock trying to draw out all of the delicious cum. He moaned softly and began to caress my naked body and making low murmuring sounds. I sucked at his cock lovingly, then glanced up at him and smiled. He smiled stiffly and lay his head back on the sofa and moaned.

Tommy was still fucking my cunt with powerful thrusts of his hips. But we'd been having sex for several months and I'd finally trained him not to thrust too deeply. His cock was one of the longest in the entire school and when we first met and began fucking, it sometimes felt as if he was trying to fuck my lungs! While he'd not actually hurt me, it caused me to have mild aches in my belly. I'd finally convinced him not to thrust too deeply or with such force.

With my head on Mike's thigh, I looked at Tommy and grinned. "C'mon, Tommy, fuck your little whore ...fuck me good!"

He grinned and thrust the long, hard cock deeply into my body. "Uh! You ain't no ...uh, ...whore, ...uhhhh!"

I reached up and caressed his chest and then his cheek. Smiling at him, I lifted my leg up over his back and pulled in rhythm to his thrusts. "Fuck me, Tommy! Fuck this little whore ...fuck me good ...fuck me deep, baby!" Even as I murmured the words, his thrusts began faster and not so deep. I dragged my fingernails down his naked chest and grinned, "Ooh, fuck me, Tommy! I'm your little whore, Tommy, ...fuck your little whore, ...fuck her good!" 

Tommy grinned down at me, then grunted as he thrust his cock deep into my cunt. Holding for a moment, the cock deep inside my body, he moaned softly and I felt the big cock swell. With a few more slow powerful thrusts, he sank it deep into my body and climaxed. With short thrusts and deep grunts of effort, the secondary spurts surged from his cock. He was breathing deeply and grinning down at me.

"Oh, god, Tommy," I said smiling at him. "You made your little whore happy ...very, very happy." I caressed his cheek and chest. "Your little whore thanks you."

Tommy finally pulled his softening cock out of my cunt and slouched onto the sofa beside me. I crawled up and snuggled firmly against Mike's warm body. Mike's arm came around my neck and began to massage my breast and nipple. Tommy leaned down and lay his head on my thigh, still breathing heavily but with a smile on his face.

Snuggling against Mike and caressing Tommy's back and shoulder, I said, "You guys sure know how to make a little whore happy!"

Not moving his head, Tommy said, "What's with this whore-shit? What the hell did you do to her, Mike?"

Mike chuckled and tugged sharply at my nipple. "I didn't do shit, man ...that dumb cunt Sharon started all this ...this whore-crap. Next time I see her, I'm gonna' put my boot toe into her filthy cunt!"

I laughed and fondled Mike's big, soft cock. "Oh, c'mon, guys, I'm just havin' fun ...it doesn't bother me. And leave Sharon alone ...she doesn't understand."

"Dumb cunt!" Said Mike angrily. "I oughta' smack the shit outta' that bitch!"

We snuggled and caressed each other for a few minutes, enjoying the warm glow of after-sex. Mike tugged at my nipple and kissed my head. Tommy finally stood up and when to the bar for cold beer. Handing each of us a cold beer, Tommy sat down on the floor with one hand on my thigh.

Feeling safe, secure and loved, I snuggled up to Mike and asked quietly, "What is a whore, anyway? I mean, I know that Sharon meant it as a nasty remark, but what is a whore? What's the definition?"

"Oh, shit," Mike said guzzling some more beer. "What's the big deal, Kelli? Fuck her and the goat she rode in on!"

Tommy looked at me and grinned. "You want to be my little ...oops, our little whore, Kelli?"

I tousled his hair. "Yeah, I think I do ...can I be your little whore?" I glanced up at Mike and smiled happily. 

Mike grunted. "Bullshit! You've not a whore, Kelli ...mine or Tommy's or anyone else's whore."

"So, ...what's a whore?" 

"Goddamn!" Mike swore. "Will you stop asking that! I don't know what the fuck a whore is ...how am I supposed to know?" 

Tommy was a little more fun. "Hey, a whore is someone, well, a woman, right ...who fucks for money. Ain't that right?" 

"No, I don't think so." I said grinning at him. "That's a prostitute, ain't it? Or are they the same things? Hell, I don't know, guys, that's why I'm asking y'all."

"A whore is someone who will ...well, who'll fuck just anyone who asks her."

I looked up at Mike and thought about his comment. "Geez, you mean ...like, anyone? Even someone she doesn't like?"

"Well, yeah ...I guess." Mike said shaking his head and rolling his eyes in confusion. "I mean, ...well, if she only fucks people she likes, then ...hmm...?"

"Yeah, if a girl only fucks people she likes or loves," I said, speaking slowly to think about it. "Then is ...well, a wife fucks the person she loves -- does that make all wives whores?" They laughed loudly, but I continued. "No, let's talk about girlfriends, not wives, okay? A wife ...well, she has a ...well, a certificate that says she's not a whore, right?" We all laughed, undoubtedly thinking of our mothers. "But if a girl dates a guy for weeks or months, then has sex with him, does that make her a whore?" 

Tommy looked at me and frowned. "No, Kelli, a whore is ...no, not someone's girlfriend! Shit, that'd make lots of girls whores." He frowned in concentration. "No, a whore is someone who has sex with several guys."

"At the same time?" I asked looking quizzically at him. "Like we just did?"

"Ahh, no, ...we didn't ...I mean," he stuttered with new confusion. "No, Kelli, you're not a whore ...that's like, well, some girl who fucks some guy, then goes off to fuck another guy, then another and another. See?"

I looked at him a grinned. "Well, I fucked Jason, then fucked you, then fucked Mike, then fucked Adam, so ...I'm a whore?"

He jumped up and glared at me. "Goddammit, Kelli! You ain't a whore, okay?"

I laughed. "Tommy, c'mon, it ain't no big deal. I told you ...I want to be your whore, ...yours and Mike's whore. What's wrong with that?"

He still glared down at me, but I could see that it was as confusing to him as it was to me. "With you and us it's ...no, Kelli, it's different for us. And you ain't a whore, dammit!"

He stormed off toward the bar for more beer. I glanced up at Mike and smiled. "I think I like the idea ...being your whore ...well, yours and Tommy's. Can I be your whore, Mike?" I laughed and he caressed my breast. Watching his fingers play with my nipple, I said, "Geez, I kinda' like the idea ...whatever the hell it means!" 

He laughed and pinched my nipple. "Well, you're a cute little whore ...so, okay, Kelli, you can be our little whore ...our cute, little whore."

I giggled and snuggled up close to him feeling warm and secure and loved. Tommy came back and laid his head back on my thigh. Two of my favorite guys demonstrating their love and providing for my sexual pleasure and joy -- and, of course, me returning it with eagerness. If that was being a whore, then I sure didn't mind being a whore. In fact, I loved it and wanted to keep being one!

A few days later, I was sitting cross-legged on the sofa snuggled up against Mike as Cheryl and Adam sat in the chair across from us. She was sitting on his lap crosswise with her face snuggled to his neck. Cheryl had become one of my best female friends, of which I had few. I'd reluctantly helped her lose her virginity with Adam and she'd been overly sexual ever since. Adam was her first lover, but she and Adam had eagerly joined Mike and Tommy and I in many group sex parties at Mike's playroom. Over the months previous, I'd become unknowingly possessive of the guys, but she and I overcame that initial conflict of possessiveness. We were more than happy to share them. 

Each guy, however, played a special and different role in my life. Mike was my rock of stability and the one I turned to for soft, warm cuddling and snuggling. He was especially good for that after-sex glow of closeness and tenderness. Tommy was almost always the one most eager for physical sex and usually the instigator for the parties as well as the sexual activities. He was also the one with the longest cock in the world, and he was always most eager to display it. Adam was a joiner -- whatever the others wanted to do, he was happy to join in. He was a good sex partner and paid close attention to my reactions and needs. There were several other boys who occasionally joined our group sex parties and all of them were good friends of Mike, Tommy or Adam.

Snuggling with Mike, I watched Adam's hand snake up under Cheryl's shirt. Her tits were absolutely lovely -- firm, rounded and full. Having been born with small tits, I had some difficulties coping with her lovely body and magnificent tits. It was only a little envy and didn't seem to cause any problems for us. She giggled as his fingers played with the nipples. Not to be outdone, she slid her hand down the front of his pants and grasped his cock. He glanced at me then grinned happily at Cheryl and said, "Damn, she's hot as a pistol!"

I laughed and winked at him. "Yeah, she's hot stuff, huh? Think you can handle it, Adam?" 

Cheryl grinned at me as Adam pushed her shirt open revealing her lovely, firm tits. I stared at her tits wishing again that mine were like that. I snuggled against Mike feeling thankful that he and Tommy both liked my small tits. Mike often made derisive comments about Karen's big tits, which he called 'water balloon tits'. I didn't want tits like that, sagging and flabby. But tits like Cheryl's were lovely and the few times I'd caressed them during group sex, the firmness was exciting and arousing. I could understand Adam and the guys being taken by them. 

We'd planned the sex party earlier and were really just waiting for Tommy. He'd also mentioned that he might bring Calvin, another good friend and sex partner. He was late, which wasn't normal for him. In fact, Tommy was usually the first one at the parties and was always eager to get things started.
