 If you have not read 'Resonance' please do not read this and vote it down. Read the other first and then come back. They're good stories when read in order. Enjoy!

*

It was finals week. Everyone on campus was in their respective places cramming for exams that would determine where they ranked scholastically. Scholarships were won and lost during this universally stressful time on campus.

I'm not boasting but I love this last two weeks of a semester. It's quiet. While everyone is shacked up in their dorm rooms or Greek houses I have the freedom to stroll about campus without being accosted by the bottom fifty percent of my classmates. The underachievers if you will.

What can I say? I show up for class ready to learn. I just spent a whole semester preparing for a test right? I go in and take the damn test. Cramming is for those who don't study and/or don't have a photographic memory. 

My fortunate ability allowed me the luxury to offer my services as a tutor. Marcie's sorority, through Marcie, has retained my services for the weekend. I am to be the house tutor, on call for any of the girls to utilize during their weekend cram session.

My intentions are pure. Ninety six percent pure anyway. Ninety six percent of me says that these girls are taking the time to lock out the world and stay in to study so that they will do well and I'll do anything I can to help them brush up. Four percent of me says that there are sixteen gorgeous women in this house that I'll be locked in with for a weekend and I haven't tried my little device since I made the 'sorority' modification. The sorority modification up's the juice so that it will reach anywhere in the house and maybe a little outside but not far. Let's just say that the other four percent is my study time. Time to study my little device.

I knocked on the house door and waited. I could hear movement inside and girls yelling through the house at each other. 'SOMEONE'S AT THE DOOR!' I continued to wait until finally the door opened. It was a beautiful brunette named Emily.

"Hi, I'm...." I began to say but she cut me off.

"You must be the tutor guy Marcie and the others were talking about?"

"That's me."

"Come on in."

I stepped into the house and Emily closed the door. "Marcie! It's for you!"

"Who is it?" came a shout from the top of the stairs.

"The bookworm!" Emily shouted and then smiled at me. That was something about these beautiful rich spoiled girls. They were accustomed to being able to say anything to a guy and expect him to take it. Emily turned to me and smiled. "I'm just kidding."

I thought 'I'm sure you are you stupid little bitch.'... I actually said nothing in return. Emily was stunningly gorgeous, just like Marcie. All of the girls were. This sorority was known for only taking those who were gifted with looks besides being spoiled and rich. Academics were low on the list of priorities. Emily could say anything she wanted to me, any of these girls could because at some point I would level the playing field.

"Kurt! Follow me!" Marcie said with a bounce in her step as she came off of the stairs by the front door.

I followed Marcie to the house library/office and Marcie asked me to close the door. "Have a seat Kurt." I did and she sat down next to me. 

"Are you sure you're up to this?" She asked a little breathless through her winning smile.

"Sure, no big deal Marcie. I can't re-teach whole classes but if anyone needs help with concepts or equations, stuff like that, I'll make myself useful. How do you want to do this?"

"Do what?" Marcie asked.

I raised an eyebrow. "How do you want to work this out? There's over a dozen of you here so where do you guys want me to hang out? Are you going to come to me, do you want me to go to where you are... what?

"Why don't you just hang out in here? It's quiet with the doors closed and big enough to get most of us in here at the same time..." it certainly was. This office was more like a small library and had furniture all over it. "Sure." I said nodding. "I'll hang in here."

Marcie's eyes narrowed and her smile faded. "Did you bring your little box with you?"

Both eyebrows rose this time. "What?" I said as innocently as possible.

"Your little box Kurt. The one you had when we were studying in the lab?"

"My failed experiment that I was talking about? Why would I bring that?" My pulse quickened with the lie.

"I don't think it was a failed experiment Kurt and I want to know if you have it with you."

"I'm sorry I don't understand Marcie. What exactly are you getting at? We made a bet and I lost. Did we end up going out on a date?"

"No" She said.

"Have I made any gesture or remark to you about such a thing since then?"

"No."

"Have I been ogling your ass?"

"No"

I smiled as if I had more than proven my point. "You won the bet... the experiment and my little box was a bust even though I think it is possible I didn'......."

Marcy didn't buy it and interrupted me. "I'm not going to go into the details with you Kurt but I have no doubt something happened that night."

"Geeze! Whatever Marcie. Do you want me to leave then?" I gathered my bag and stood up. "I'll get my shit and get out of your precious mansion and you all will do just fine without me."

Marcy stood up and put her hands on my arm. "No no no no... that's not what I meant. Please don't go. I'm interested... personally. If it worked I want to see it and hear about it."

"Oh fuck yea Marcie. I'd just pull it out and show it to you if it worked so that you could have me thrown in jail for doing whatever it is you think I did... obviously you think I violated you in some way. Oh sure, let me get it while you call the fucking cops."

I'd had enough. I slung my bag over my shoulder and headed for the door.

"Kurt stop! I'm sorry. Please don't go. What can I do or say that will show you that I trust you and that I'm not going to do anything to hurt you. Please just tell me."

Marcie had her hand on the door so that I couldn't pull it open.

"There is nothing Marcie. There is nothing you can do or say that will make me trust your motives right now." Marcie looked downcast and hurt. "I just wanted to see it work that's all she said. I wanted to try it."

"I have the bracelet, that's all." I pulled it out of my book bag and handed it to her. "You don't have anything else?" She asked looking between me and my partially open bag. I took the backpack to the table and pulled everything out for her to see. Marcie looked confused.

"I told you I didn't have it." I said. "Believe me, if I were the pervert you seem to think I am... I'm here with a house full of beautiful women... If it worked I'd have it with me."

"I wasn't trying to get you in trouble Kurt. I wanted to try it on someone."

My eyebrows rose again. "There is no way I'd leave a woman free to mess with my rational thoughts. Hell no. You'd have me doing dishes or something." This made Marcie laugh.

"I'd use it on Emily. The one who answered the door." 

"I don't understand." I said.

Marcie shrugged. "It doesn't matter. I just wanted to see it work."

Little did Marcie know, I did have the device. I had a nice thick book titled 'The 69th Edition of Math and Physics. I thought the title fitting. It is an annual printing of formulae and tables for scientists. Over a thousand pages worth and neatly tucked in the cut out pages was the new device and its power supply. 

"I'm curious now." I said. "Put on the bracelet and see if you can get a residual effect from it."

"What do you mean?"

"Call her in here and try it out... with the bracelet on."

There was no reason for Marcie to do it but something in my voice told her that it just might work. I didn't tell her that my wrist watch had the new band embedded in it. I would be interested to see if she tried to use it on me.

I arranged the books back into my bag and depressed the spine of the math book to turn it on. It was on.

"So what do I say to see if it works?" Marcie asked a little excited.

I couldn't answer her straight out as if I actually knew. My experiment failed, remember?

"Well Marcie. The idea wasn't to turn a person into a robot. The experiment was based on suggestion. You suggest something and the person basically... agrees..."

Marcie just looked at me so I continued.

"If you like the color red and I want you to say that you like the color blue I might say 'Blue is the most beautiful color ever don't you think...?' and you would reply 'It is! I love the color blue' Just like that." I said with an unconvincing shrug.

"So what about having sex? How would that work?" Marcie asked. 

"I would suppose that it would work the same way Marcie, by suggestion."

Marcie looked up at me with determination and spoke in a whisper. "I know you did it Kurt. I know when I've been fucked and you my dear genious fucked me good and plenty that night. I wish I could remember it." She said with a grin.

Marcie called out the door to Emily. "Emily! Get your ass down here!" She turned to me and whispered. "She does have a nice ass too doesn't she?"

"What? Are you a dyke Marcie?"

"God no I'm not a dyke. Do I look like a dyke to you Kurt?"

I just shrugged my shoulders.

"Women find each other attractive all the time. Big deal." She added.

"I'm a fly on the wall." I whispered. I heard Emily coming toward the door. 

"What can I do for you Marcie?" Emily asked sweetly.

"Come in and close the door." Marcie said.

Emily closed the door and let herself fall onto the couch.

Marcie started to speak and then faltered. She looked at me and then at Emily. Her sureness of my device existing and working was faltering. 

I decided to save her only because I knew that it worked and I wasn't sure about Marcie but I'd love to see Emily get naked. I couldn't resist goading Marcie though.

"Uh Marcie, how do you know that your wristband is real?" 

Marcie froze. She hadn't thought of that. Lucky for her it was a good one.

"It's good." I said.

Emily just watched. Marcie was too scared now to try it. I decided to get something going.

"Emily." I began. "I think Marcie is freakin' hot. I'd love to see her breasts wouldn't you?

Emily bit at her lip. "I've always wanted to. Can I see your breasts Marcie?"

Marcie froze so I helped her. "Take off your shirt Marcie and let Emily see your breasts. I bet it would make her really horny." Marcie unbuttoned her shirt and slid it off. She didn't have a bra on. "It does make me horny to see your breasts Marcie."

"Wouldn't Emily look really hot if she took off her shirt Marcie?" I asked.

Marcie stammered and nodded. This had to speed up a little. I didn't want to walk her through all of this. I pulled Marcie to the side.

"Listen hot stuff. I don't know what you want but it is now or never. What do you want?" Marcie shook her head. "I don't know now. I don't know."

"What do you fucking want Marcie? Tell me or I'll tell her to leave."

Marcie took a deep breath. "I wanted to tell her to undress. I wanted to do to her what you did to me. I've never been with another woman and I thought..."

"Chill the fuck out Marcie!" I whispered harshly. "You just tell her what you're imagining and then do it."

"I can't do it! Will you do it for me?"

"Do what?" I asked.

"Make her be with me or whatever."

Gee, that was a tough request. Tell two beautiful women exactly what to do. 

"Okay." I said. "do you want to see her body first of just go at it?"

Marcie shuttered. "I want to see her."

"Right-o. Hang on to your... g-string. Here we go."

"Emily. You are so sexy. I bet you like to show off your body don't you?"

Emily smiled. "Yes I do. I like being sexy."

"Don't you like taking off your clothes and seducing beautiful women like Marcie? I bet if you took off your clothes, Marcie would take hers off too. I know you would like to see Marcie undressed. Being naked and looking at her body would make you so horny."

"It would make me so horny. I'm horny right now." Emily wriggled out of her clothes quickly but still did it in an incredibly sexy way. Marcie just looked at her stunned. Emily was as comfortable as she could be just sitting on the couch naked. Her body was incredible.

"Marcie." I said. "Why don't you get undressed for Emily and show her how utterly beautiful you are?"

Marcie undressed to her g-string and I sat her down in a chair facing Emily's couch.

"She is beautiful." Emily said looking at her unashamed. "You have a beautiful body Marcie." Marcie smiled and finally spoke.

"You are too Emily. I would like to see you spread your legs." 

Emily did just that. She pulled her legs apart and revealed her shaven pink slit to Marcie. Without saying anything, Marcie did the same and slid her finger into her own body.

"Marcie." I said. "You have to talk to her. It's not just going to happen."

Marcie focused on Emily more intently. "I want to touch you Emily."

Emily smiled sweetly. "I would like for you to touch me."

Marcie did just that. She lifted Emily from her seat and kissed her. She sucked her breasts and fingered her wet body. Marcie drank Emily in, in a very determined way. The passion seemed to grow as well as Marcie's desire. Marcie pressed Emily back onto the couch and licked her wet body. Emily's body shook and jerked in response. It wasn't long before Marcie was holding Emily's brown hair in her fists and pulling her face between her own legs. 

The memory of the snotty bitch that answered the door came back to my mind and I unzipped my pants. Marcie's glazed eyes looked up at me and then down at Emily's tight ass sticking up in the air. Marcie bit at her lip and smiled softly. She nodded her head. 

"I bet Emily would like you to fuck her while she eats my pussy." Marcie gasped.

Emily came up for air long enough to say "I would like to be fucked right now."

I slid my cock into Emily and began fucking her faster and faster. Marcie watched intently with her glassed over eyes. I held Emily by the hips and rammed my way home as fast and hard as I could. 

"I don't now if she's on the pill Kurt?" I hadn't really thought about it and was going to just pull out and come. "I'll suck you off Kurt." Marcie said breathlessly

I stood and stepped to Marcie who still had Emily's head between her legs. Hungrily, Marcie took my cock into her mouth and sucked and slurped. She licked Emily's come from my throbbing shaft like sugar and then jacked me off into her mouth. When I began to come, Marcie slid my shaft to the back of her throat and sucked. My knees buckled as she took every drop and swallowed. 

"Goddam Marcie..." I said panting. "I have got to fuck you sometime."

"I'm waiting." She said lazily.

Marcie's body jerked involuntarily. Emily had brought her to orgasm again. 

We helped Emily clean up and get dressed. Marcie suggested a shower and her favorite PJ's. Emily left with a smile and did just that.

"Is that the end of your fantasy Marcie?" I asked.

Marcie smiled mischievously. "No but we do need to study."

"I'll tell you what..." I said with a sparkle in my eye. "When you've studied enough and I've helped all I can help... you just call a meeting and have all those who are invited come in here."

"All fifteen are invited." Marcie said biting shyly at her beautiful full red lip.

"You call it Marcie. Just let me know."

The right time turned out to be Saturday night. Sixteen beautiful women filed into the office for a celebratory meeting. Every one seemed to be in top shape for their exams and were tired of studying. Marcie snapped at the band on her wrist and then gave me a wink. "I think celebrating by getting naked and having group sex would be a blast." She said and turned on the stereo. I had died and gone to heaven. Sixteen beautiful women turned into a sexual writhing mass right before my eyes. This was going to be a long wonderful night.