 Em, Holidays, Molly is Back, Sasha 

Susan had left and I was alone again. This was not as bad as when Molly left, but it was going to take a few days to adjust to being alone. I tried to call Molly, but the time differences made it difficult for us to connect. I left messages and we texted trying to set up a time when we could talk. It finally happened. We talked about every thing and at one point it almost sounded like phone sex. She also told me that she had talked with Susan and gotten all the 'details'. We talked until my phone battery died, but we had set up a regular time to call each other. 

I only had a couple more days before I was to put the camper and truck on the ferry to Vancouver. I didn't want to make the long drive down the Alaska Highway alone and thought a nice little cruise would be relaxing. 

After departing the port and getting out into open water, I was standing at the rail watching the water as the ship moved thru it. I was fascinated by waves, the color, the action and the sound of the water. 

"Excuse me." I turned and there was a lady standing next to me. "My name is Candee. Are you the owner of that big 4X4 camper pulling a pickup that I saw being loaded?" 

"Hi, my name's Tom and, yes, that's my camper." 

"I've never seen one like that before. Where are you going?" 

"I retired last April and am taking a long fishing trip. I'm headed for Montana, maybe a side trip to Vegas, then down to Texas, New Orleans, and Florida. After that is not determined. Why?" 

She stepped a little closer to me "I'm headed to Austin. I've left my old man and boys. All they want to do is hunt and fish. Our moving to Alaska was supposed to be for just a year or two, but now it has been 10 years and I want out. I filed for divorce and walked out. I'm looking for a ride to Austin. I play guitar and sing and am hoping to find some gigs in Austin. Can you help me?" 

I briefly thought about saying yes, figuring I could probably do some fucking along the way, but I just wasn't ready to have another traveling companion and I wasn't thrilled with the idea that her husband and boys might come looking for her or me. 

"I won't be in Texas until probably late November or early December, so I'm probably not able to help you. Sorry." 

She moved closer and said, "I'll fuck you all the way there if you go direct to Austin." 

"That sounds enticing, but I really want to fish Montana." 

"Go to hell." She walked away. 

I returned to my cabin, poured some bourbon, saw that I'd missed a call. It was from Molly. The voice mail said call when you get this. 

" Hi hun. How's the trip going? Just thought you would like to know that I'm laying here, buck naked playing with myself and thinking of you. Here, let me hold the phone so you can hear me squishing while I fuck myself." She giggled. 

I could hear her fingers and I started getting hard. She must have moved the phone back up because the squishing stopped and she was saying, "Did you like that? Oh, I wish your dick was here so I could suck on it and you could fuck me. Take it out for me, let me hear you jacking off. Maybe we can cum together. I know, lets set up the phones for face time. We can then see each other." 

We set them up, watched each other getting off. I blasted straight up and she stuck out her tongue as if to catch my cum. After cumming, she sucked her fingers clean, looked at me and started laughing. I was laughing too. 

I told her about my meeting Candee and that she wanted a ride to Austin. Molly's response, "A woman in distress and my Tom didn't rescue her? And she would fuck your brains out for the ride. Are you sick?" 

"I am very selective about who I have as a travel partner. She didn't fit the bill. Besides, I didn't want her ex coming after me." 

"Good thinking. Well hun, it is late here and I need my beauty sleep. Long day tomorrow. Call soon and we'll do it again." 

She blew me a kiss and I did too. Then the connection was broken. 

Vancouver is a pretty town. After off loading the camper and pickup from the ferry, I found a camp ground and settled in for the night. I took the pickup into town, found a Japanese restaurant and had a delicious dinner. I thought about trying to find a club and maybe pick up some asian lady for a couple of nights, but I decided not to. Asian women can be a lot of fun. I was reminded of the two years I spent in Japan and the woman that spent most of that time with me. It might make an interesting story some other time. 

Getting back to the camper, I studied the maps while drinking a bourbon. Where to next? I knew that I wanted to catch fall in Montana and fish the Madison, Firehole, and maybe move over to Idaho and fish the Henry's Fork. It suddenly dawned on me that I could see Em and fish as well. I called Molly, told her of the plan and she agreed to keep it a surprise. A couple of days of driving and I was outside of Bozeman. I made a reservation at the club where Em was working when we left Bozeman. 

Arriving at the club, I asked for a table served by Em and was seated at a small table for two. 

"Hello sir, I'm Em your ...TOM." Her arms went around me and we hugged and kissed. I suggested that she not get fired by being too aggressive with a customer. After settling down, she took my order, but kept coming back to my table to talk. We agreed to meet after she got out of work. 

She was full of questions, how was I, how was Alaska, why are you here, etc. We caught up on her life. She was in college at the local university, studying nursing. Instead of a two year degree in nursing, she was working on a BS degree in nursing and then planning to go on to get her NP degree. Molly had gotten to her regarding the value of an education. She was also into fly fishing using the rod and reel I had left her. She had bought waders and an old pick up truck and in her spare time she fished the rivers around Bozeman. 

I explained that I was going to spend a few weeks fishing the Madison and other rivers around West Yellowstone and would stop by from time to time to see her. 

"Tom, I'm on fall break. I can get off from work for a week or so. Can I join you in the camper and fish with you?" Of course I said yes. When I told Molly, she was enthusiastic. 

Em showed up at the camp ground with her gear. As she walked into the camper, she peeled off her top, stripped down her jeans and panties, walked over to me and said, " I need a good fucking. Molly says you're to fuck me crazy, so get started." 

Em had gained a few pounds and was no longer skinny. Those pounds were in all the right places. Her tits were now a solid B maybe even a small C. Her ass was to die for. She looked great. 

I stripped off my clothes, we came together, hugging and kissing. Our hands were all over each others body. I fondled her tits, teasing the nipples, they grew harder and I dropped my head down to kiss, lick, bite, and suck on them. She moaned and pushed them into my mouth and pulled my head tight to her. 

I threw her on the bed and moved down to her pussy. She tasted so good. I found her lips, stuck a couple of fingers in her pussy and sucked on her clit. Soon she was bucking her ass in the air, screaming for me to do all kinds of fun things to her. She seemed to enjoy asking me to eat her pussy, finger her twat, make her cum. I proceeded to finger her G spot, suck her clit, tongue fuck her delicious pussy. She came with a scream. After calming down a bit, I entered her with my cock, slowly beginning to pump her as deep as I could. She moaned "Oh fuck, feels good, shit, don't stop, harder, stuff that cock in me, deeper, TTTTOOOOOMMMM and came hard. Her juices were pouring out of her pussy, running down her ass. I dropped down and started licking her clean. "Ffffffuuuuuccccck, don't stop, oh fuck, please don't stop, I am CCCCCCCCUUUUUUUMMMMMMING again." She caught her breath, whipped around and inhaled my cock. I exploded down her throat. 

We curled together hugging and kissing. Em said, "I almost forgot how good it is to be fucked by you. I've had some dates, but they reminded me of my boy friend from back east. I'm only interested in older men now. I haven't found anyone to replace you, Tom. Molly and I talk and text about you all the time." 

We spent the week fishing and fucking. She showed me places to fish that I didn't know about. She had access to private lands and we fished with no other fisherman on the stream. That also allowed us to fuck each other on the river, on the bank, and any where we wanted. Such a tight pussy. I teased her ass. One day she said, " I love sex, thanks to you and Molly. Maybe one of these days I'll want you to fuck my ass, but I have to build up to it. Molly and I have discussed it, but I'm not ready yet. But, I love how you finger my ass while we are fucking. It feels so good. Fuck me now, play with my ass, suck my tits, oooooohhhhhh fffffffuuuucccckkkkkk, I love it." I came hard. 

We continued to fish and fuck for the entire week. At weeks end, Em had to return to school and work. Our last night together was not about fucking, but about making love. Em told me how much she missed Molly and wished she were here. I didn't know what to say, so we hugged, kissed and held each other thru the night. 

I dropped Em off at her apartment the next morning. She returned to classes and I went back to fishing. I talked to Molly and gave her the "details". We had phone sex while I was parked on the side of the highway. She started talking about flying out to Bozeman to see me and Em. Unfortunately, life got in the way and it didn't happen. Both Em and I were disappointed as was Molly. 

I continued to fish the area and saw Em from time to time at the club. They served great steaks and had an awesome bourbon menu. Em made sure that I got only the best. 

It was time for me to move on, so I had one last dinner at the club. Of course, Em was my server. A great steak, two glasses of Pappy Van Winkle, I don't know how she arranged that, a discreet squeeze of her ass, a kiss and it was time to leave. I left her a thousand dollar tip with a note that told her how special she was to me. 

It was November, Em and I had said our good byes. It was starting to get cold in Bozeman and snow was in the forecast. I wanted out of there before it got bad with winter storms. 

I considered a side trip to Vegas, but decided to head straight to Texas. Vegas could wait for another time. 

A few of days of driving and I was in Texas. I have to admit, Texas does grow sexy women. Every where I went, there were women that I'd have loved to fuck. It's the home state for MILFs. I stopped in Austin, and asked about Candee, but no bar I talked to had heard of her. I wondered what had happened to her, but didn't try to seek her out. 

Several times, I was approached by a woman at a bar but nothing happened and not all the women were that attractive, so I moved on. 

Molly and I continued to talk and have phone sex, but we both agreed that it was not nearly as satisfying as the real thing. 

Arriving at the coast, I found a guide and went fishing. He showed me places to catch red fish, most requiring a boat. I bought a kayak so that I could get to the fish without a guide and saved some money. I fished daily, weather permitting. The camper was beginning to feel smaller and I was thinking about looking at alternatives. Molly talked me out of it. 

Thanksgiving was a really down time for me. I had never had family, so was accustomed to being alone, but this year, it seemed really different. I realized I missed Molly, Susan, and Em. I was afraid that Christmas would be even worse. 

I talked with Molly about it, but she could not offer any solution and suggested that I continue to fish my way out of my depression. 

Christmas got closer and closer. On the 23rd, Molly called and said, "Pick me up at the Houston airport tomorrow at noon." I was over the moon. Molly was coming down to see me. I damn near had a hard on just thinking about it. 

I got to the airport early and paced. The place was crowded with all the holiday travelers. Then...there she was arms around my neck, tongue down my throat. We separated and I stared into those beautiful emerald eyes, smiling and looking totally stupid. Finally, I just said, "Damn, you look great. I v'e missed you." I then picked her up and swung her around. People were staring and I didn't give a fuck. 

In the truck she pulled her dress up to show me her bare pussy, no panties, she pulled her boob out, no bra. She reached over and rubbed my cock while I was driving. It was hard to stay focused on the drive. 

I had rented a hotel suite for a week. I wanted a king size bed for Molly and I to play in. The door closed, I turned around. Molly was naked, her arms open and a giggle escaped her lips as I tried to hug and kiss her entire body in one move. She was trying to get my clothes off and in all the rush she fell on the bed and I fell to the floor. She dropped down on me, finished pulling off my clothes, my cock was as hard as it had ever been. She sank down hard. 

Leaning forward, she put a nipple in my mouth and started to rock back and forth on my cock. I licked, sucked, humped, grabbed her ass. She pulled out of my mouth, sat up and started bouncing and riding my cock. We kissed, we laughed, she said, "Come on old man, fuck this hot pussy, make it cum, fill me up, harder, Harder, HARDER!!" I was fucking her hard, rubbing her clit, breathing hard. All I could think was MERRY CHRISTMAS. 

She came in a glorious scream, laughing, bouncing and riding my cock for all she was worth. I grunted and filled her with my juices, laughing, reaching for her tits, pulling her mouth to mine and kissing her HARD. I don't know how long we held that kiss, but when we separated my softening cock was still in her pussy, our juices running out of her. 

We caught our breath and got up off the floor. I flopped on the bed, she went to pee. When she came back, she said, "Damn, I needed that. I've been thinking about that ever since I walked away from you in Anchorage." She climbed on top of me, kissed me and we held each other. My cock was getting hard and in a few minutes we were in a 69. I stuffed my fingers in her puss, found her G spot and started rubbing. My tongue and lips started playing with her clit. She was moaning on my cock. She started shaking, grunting and came all over my face. It tasted good, it smelled good, and it felt good. I kept rubbing her pussy all over my face and then I came down her throat. It was a pretty weak cum, but I didn't care, Molly was here with me. 

We laid down with our arms around each other. She talked and talked, about Em, about work, how she got the time to come see me, Susan, and any thing else she could think of. I just listened and stared into those beautiful emerald eyes, smiled, nodded, and laughed. Eventually, she slowed down, rubbed her whole body against me, closed her eyes and fell asleep with a smile on her face. I soon joined her. 

We woke up about an hour later. We unwound from each other and I went to pee. When I came back, she looked up at me, smiled, and said,"Please come love me again. I need you." I went to rescue my lady. We made love, she came multiple times, I had a hard time staying hard but used my fingers, lips and tongue to love my Molly. More giggling, dirty talk and kissing. 

Our stomachs growled letting us know that we needed to eat. We ordered room service. I found the bottle of bourbon. We ate and drank and never stopped looking into each others eyes, touching each others body or talking quietly. We were absorbed in each others presence. 

Christmas day was a repeat, we woke up with a good morning fuck, followed by a hot shower and another fuck. My cock was doing its best, but could not keep up with an insatiable Molly. We laughed about it. I planned to visit an urgent care facility to get a prescription for those magic blue pills. 

The rest of the week was the same. We could not leave each other alone. I got some blue pills and my cock satisfied Molly all week. We only went out of the hotel about once every other day, the rest of the time we were naked, hugging, laughing, holding, touching, kissing, loving and simply enjoying each others company. 

New Years came too soon. We knew that on January 2, Molly was going to leave. Finally, we accepted that we would be apart again, but we knew that we would find a way to be together again. 

Departure day, we woke and made love, long and slow. My cock deep in her pussy as I slowly pumped in and out. We kissed, I sucked her nipples. We laughed, giggled and simply enjoyed each others body. She sucked my cock until I came deep in her throat. She sat on my face and bled her juices all over me. 

At the airport, she walked thru security, stopped, looked back, waved, smiled, blew me a kiss and kept looking at me as she walked down the concourse. 

It was a great Christmas and New Year for both of us. 

After Molly returned to Michigan, it was time for me to move on to New Orleans. I found a camp ground down in the delta and a guide. He showed me where to fish. I fished with him one day a week. It is hard to find a guide that is available every day of the week and at $500 a day, it can get expensive. I still had my kayak and began using that. The weather was fabulous. I fished all day and called Molly at night. Sea food fresh off the boats, bourbon, jazz on the radio. Life was good. 

I took a few days off to go into New Orleans and explore the bars, music clubs and night life that New Orleans is famous for. I met a few ladies, but nothing developed. Mardi Gras was several weeks away, but the town was alive and hopping in anticipation of the celebration. It was a great few days, but I got tired of the crowds and returned to my camper. 

More days of fishing, talking to Molly, and then Susan called. She had started her own realty company and a development company. She had bought a piece of property, found an architect and contractor and was beginning to develop a piece of land that would be a unique community. The homes started at a million dollars and went up from there. There was a lake and there were plans for a community center, a golf course and other amenities. Already, 15 lots were sold before any construction had started. Susan couldn't contain her excitement. She asked if I would be in the area, but I told her it was not in the plan any time soon. She was disappointed. 

Finally, it was time to move on. I headed out for Key West, Florida. Bone fishing, tuna, cobia, drum, tarpon and a host of other large fish. I learned that my cousin's son was a guide working out of Key West. I called him and arranged a few days of fishing with him. Arriving, I found an RV park and arranged to rent space thru April. 

Fishing was great. The smallest bikini's in the world were on the beaches on women that ranged from awesome to , well less than awesome. I learned about Fantasy Fest. Women and men of all shapes and ages were body painted and walking around naked. Photographers were there by the hundreds taking pictures of every one. Drinking, partying and teasing was the order of the night. I had missed it because it was in October. Maybe next year. 

Molly and I talked about every other day. The phone sex had slowed down since Christmas in Houston, but we continued to flirt, tease each other, and talk dirty. 

I worked on the camper. It had developed some problems in various systems and I ordered parts on line and did the repairs myself. Some days, the weather was not conducive to fishing or working on the camper so I tied flies, visited some bars, a fly fishing shop, met locals and found ways to pass the time. I also started walking in an effort to get into better shape. 

It was mid February when I got a text from Molly. "Bad news. Lay offs coming. Don't know if I will be one." I called her, but she didn't know any more. I asked her if she had plans if she was laid off, but she said that she had never thought about it. She thought the notices would come out in mid-March, with affected personnel being done at the end of March. It was a wait and see game. She had seniority, so thought she would be safe. 
