 Em, Alaska, Susan 

We woke to the noise of trucks starting and pulling out of the truck stop. We walked inside to use the restrooms. Molly saw they had showers so ran back to the camper to get a towel and shampoo. I got some coffee and a danish for breakfast and wondered back to the camper. When I got there, a driver was admiring the camper and we started talking about fishing and my trip. One thing I was learning about was the price of diesel. My camper has two 100 gallon fuel tanks and at 8 mpg I had a range of about 1600 miles. This gives me the opportunity to shop for cheaper fuel. The truck driver was giving me an education in where to find cheap fuel, road construction and other information that would make the trip west less stressful. When we finished, I checked my watch and realized the Molly had been gone for over an hour and I started getting a little concerned. I would give her 10 more minutes and then I was going looking for her. 

After 10 minutes and no Molly, I started across the parking lot and got about half way when I spotted her walking towards me with someone else carrying a duffel and a back pack. As we got closer, Molly waved and I waited for her to get to me. "Tom, this is Emily or Em as she prefers. Em, this is Tom, the guy I was telling you about." 

"Hi Em." She appeared to be about 20, slightly thin, scraggly hair, 34B (why is it men always try to estimate the size of a girls tits when he first sees her?), and relatively short. I glanced at Molly with a whats up look and she mouthed, "Tell you later." 

Em said "Hi" with her eyes downcast and a really defeated look about her. Molly said, "Em is riding with us to Bozeman. She is starting a job there a week from tomorrow and I said she could ride with us. Is that a problem?" 

"Welcome aboard Em. Why don't you give me your duffel and back pack and I'll get them stored away while Molly shows you the camper. We only have one bed, but we can make up something on the floor for you that should work." 

"K" 

I looked at Molly again and she gave me the "LOOK" and shook her head. 

We got on the road with Molly and Em in the back. I could hear them talking and some crying. I let them be and headed west. After a few hours, I pulled into a rest area to stretch my legs and use the restroom. Molly pulled me aside and explained that she found Em in the ladies room in tears and scared. It took Molly almost an hour to get her calmed down enough to learn that Em's mother threw her out, so she and her boy friend headed west. They had a fight and her boy friend dropped her off at the truck stop and left her there. She didn't know what to do, where to go or how she was going to do it. She thought she might have to start turning tricks to get a ride and some money and that scared her. So Molly invited her to ride with us. 

Back on the road again, Em fell asleep on the bed and Molly joined me up front. We talked quietly, I noticed that Molly's traveling clothes were more modest. I asked Molly about the sleeping accommodations and she said, " I explained our relationship to her and also that she would likely hear us making love. I don't want to change our routine for the next few days. She asked some questions and seemed ok with the way things are. She is exhausted, scared and not sure what is going to happen when we drop her off in Bozeman. She has $100 and offered that to us, but I refused. Supposedly she has a place to stay when we get her there." 

"Wow, tough week for her. Let's see if we can figure out some way to help her out a little." 

"I knew you couldn't resist a lady in distress" she laughed. 

Around 4:00 we started looking for a place to spend the night. We found a camp ground that took campers our size, got parked and started to prepare dinner. Fortunately, we had enough chicken for the 3 of us. I poured myself a bourbon, Molly grabbed Em and headed for the showers. I waited for them to return before starting the chicken. What a difference some sleep and a shower had made in Em. She was a lot prettier than I had originally thought, and she actually smiled when she saw me. She had a beautiful smile. I grabbed my camera and took a couple photos of her and the two of them together. 

Molly said, "Is that my bourbon?" as she picked up mine. I said sure, and reached for the bottle to pour another one when Em asked," May I have some? I turned 21 back in June, so I'm legal." I smiled at her, handed her my bourbon and poured another one for me. Need to stop tomorrow and buy some bourbon. As we ate, Em slowly started to open up to us about all that had happened to her. What we learned was that she had been attending the local community college, studying nursing when her mother threw her out. She and her boy friend had decided to head to Bozeman because he had gotten a job working at one of the fly fishing shops out there and Em got a job waiting tables at a large steak house. The were on their way when they had their argument and Molly found her. 

It had gotten dark, the bugs were coming out and I was tired from driving all day. We went inside, Molly helped Em make up a serviceable bed. After the lights were out, I stripped down and crawled into bed with a very naked Molly. We made love quietly, trying not to disturb Em before falling asleep. Tomorrow, I expected to arrive at the Badlands National Park around noon and we would play tourist. 

I was the first one up, slid into a pair of shorts and went to shower. Em was sound to sleep making some kind of purring sounds. When I returned, she was laying in bed with Molly and they were having some quiet girl talk. I grabbed my clothes, started breakfast and coffee and let them talk. 

We arrived at the Badlands around noon. We parked the camper and jumped into the pickup and played tourist for the rest of the day It was a stark landscape, but the sun and shadows made for interesting photos, especially as the sun got lower in the sky. We stopped at a restaurant for dinner. Em offered to pay for hers, but we told her to save her money. 

We got back to the camper, got Em's bed set up, Molly and I crawled into bed naked again and ready to play. Molly whispered in my ear , "Em told me she heard us last night, or heard me giggling. She said she has never enjoyed sex, her boy friend used her as a cum bucket without any thought to her pleasure. I explained that sex can be fun and very enjoyable when your partner is thoughtful of your wants and needs. I asked her if she wanted to join us tonight, but she wasn't sure. She may or may not, but if she does, be careful with her." 

I started kissing Molly's neck, playing with her nipples and starting the fore play that I know gets her going. She started making good sounds and giggling. I kissed my way down to her pussy and was starting to get her juices flowing when Em said, "May I join you two? You said I could, right Molly?" 

Molly said, "Get in here with us now!" Em was already naked and in the shadows looked very erotic. Before I could make a move, Em was in bed kissing Molly hard while playing with her nipples and Molly was returning the action! I thought, Molly girl, you are full of surprises. I rolled over, and started kissing Em's nipples. My fingers started trailing down her belly, teasing her vaginal lips, inside of her thighs, her tight little ass and back to her pussy. At this point she stopped kissing Molly, took a deep breath, rolled over and surrendered herself to me. I kissed her neck and ears, then focused on dancing with her tongue. She started to warm up and responded by chasing my tongue around my mouth, back into hers and then all again. When we separated, she was breathing a little harder. Molly joined me as I moved down to her boobs. Molly on one and I on the other. My hand continued to trace across her belly and down to her bare pussy. I slipped two fingers into her and slowly withdrew them before reinserting them. Her juices were flowing heavily, nicely lubricating her. My fingers curled up and found her G-spot and her hips came flying off the mattress as a loud moan escaped her lips. Molly kissed her and played with her nipples. I continued to work my fingers and my tongue found her clit. Her world stopped, she stopped breathing, her back was arched, a hand grabbed the back of my head and held me where I was, a rasping voice said something that sounded like,"Oh please don't fucking stop what ever you are doing. Oh shit, that feels sooooooo good, FUCKKKKKKKKK!" and then she was cuming hard. If this was her first orgasm, she was going to remember it for a long time. Molly was holding her, whispering in her ear and telling her to enjoy the orgasmic ride for all it was worth. 

As Em started coming down from her high, I lifted her legs onto my shoulders and entered her as slowly and gently as I could. Her eyes opened, looked at me, and got even bigger. She started moaning and saying who knows what as I started to pump ever deeper into her pussy. The deeper I got the more she started pumping back and soon we had a nice rhythm going. I kept the strokes slow and long. Molly reached down and started circling her clit sending Em even higher. Her eyes kept getting bigger as she felt another orgasm start to build. Molly started sucking on Em's boobs, playing with her clit as I pumped my cock deep into a very tight, wet pussy. Her world stopped again. Her back was arched, her ass was as high in the air as she could get it, she pulled Molly's head hard against her tits, then she dropped back to the mattress and her legs came around my ass trying to pull me in even deeper then, "Oh fuckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk! " and the orgasm hit her again sending her on another orgasmic high. She seemed to freeze, stop breathing, and just moaned. I slowly pulled out of her and Molly and I held her as she slowly came back to our world. 

After regaining her senses, she looked at Molly, then looked at me. She launched herself at me, thru her arms around my neck and started kissing and kissing and kissing saying, "Thank you, thank you, thank you." Then she started giggling, just like Molly, then Molly was giggling and I joined in the laughter. Suddenly, she looked at me and said, "You didn't cum!" 

"Tonight was all about your pleasure. I suspect that I will have several opportunities to fill that gorgeous pussy full of cum." 

"Yes, yes, how soon can you be ready to go, I'm ready now. Wow, I never knew fucking could be so much fun and feel sooooooo good." 

Molly laughed and said, "How about tomorrow morning? He usually wakes up hard as stone and it's a great way to start the day. Now why don't you lay down between us and lets get some sleep. I for one, am tired." 

Em kissed me and then turned to Molly and gave her a long loving kiss. She nestled in, placed a hand on Molly's boob and crashed. 

Tomorrow, Mount Rushmore. 

I woke up with a beautiful pussy on either side of me and two women working on my cock. They looked up at me, smiled and returned to giving me a double blow job. Great way to start the morning. I started playing with their asses and gave each a little smack. That brought a couple of yelps and a giggle. Now they started sucking on me really hard and in a matter of minutes I provided them with a creamy delight. They started kissing each other, sharing my cum, playing with each others boobs and pussies. I sat up, got out of the way and enjoyed the show. When they finished cumming, Em turned to me, kissed me and said, "Did you enjoy that? I didn't know that sex could be so much fun. I'm becoming addicted!" 

Eventually we were on the road to Mount Rushmore. All of us were excited to see the presidents carved into the face of the mountain. We toured the visitors center, hiked to various observation points, took pictures and generally had a good time being tourist. Towards the end of the afternoon, we headed back to the camper for some bourbon, dinner and desert. 

We hadn't been back to the camper an hour before both Molly and Em were naked and teasing me with their nudity. I finished cooking dinner and we ate. Molly and Em had slipped on a tee shirt while we ate outside. Their feet played with my crotch under the table and had me hard in no time. Both girls seemed to have perpetual smiles on their faces as they rubbed me, each other and talked about what they were going to do to each other and me. 

Entering the camper, both girls shed their tee shirts. Molly pushed Em back on the bed and dove in. Tongue circling her clit, fingers on her G spot and pumping in and out of her pussy. Em started popping off little orgasm. Molly climbed on the bed, got into a 69 and they were off to the races. I think they were trying to see who could give the other the most orgasms the fastest. With one or the others asses up in the air, I climbed on the bed, grabbed one and joined in the fun. Two hours later, I was exhausted, but I had eaten and fucked both pussies and cum all over Em's tits. Being the old guy that I am, I was ready for some sleep. 

We were on the road early the next morning, headed for Saratoga, Wy. I wanted to spend a couple of days fishing the North Platte. I had fished there years ago and I wanted to fish there again. We arrived early afternoon, found a place to camp, got the camper squared away, grabbed our waders, rods, reels and flies to go fishing. Em didn't have any gear, so I set up a spare rod and reel for her. Since she didn't have waders and we didn't have a spare pair she decided to wade wet and wear her sneakers. I showed her the basics of casting, a couple simple knots for tying on a fly and left her with Molly. Molly decided to wade wet as well. 

A couple of hours later, I realized that I had not seen the girls in a while. The fishing had been good with both browns and rainbows in the 15-18 inch range. I was wondering how the girls were doing and especially how Em was doing. I headed back up river and as I came around the bend I saw both girls laying on a rock in the sun naked. I pulled out my camera and started taking some pictures. When they saw me and realized what I was doing, the stood up and started posing. At first the posses were more artistic type but the more photos I took, the naughtier the poses got until they climbed into a 69 and yelled "We want close ups!" and started laughing and giggling. I was very happy to honor their request and proceeded to take several hundred photos. Eventually, they pulled on their panties, shorts and shoes, grabbed their rods and reels and headed up the trail to the camper, topless, holding hands and laughing. I admired their backs as we hiked and realized that they looked enough alike from this angle that they could be mother and daughter. I shook my head at that thought. 

That evening, was more of the same, eating, fucking, sucking, hugging, loving, laughing and enjoying being together. The next morning the playing continued. I wandered off to fish again and left the girls at the camper. I could only guess what they would be doing. Another wonderful day of fishing and I headed back to camp. The girls were naked, sound to sleep on a blanket in the sun. Their bodies were covered with sun screen and their faces covered with what appeared to be a lot of cum. They were laying face to face, arms around each other and legs intertwined. I grabbed my camera and took a few pictures. 

After getting out of my waders and putting my gear away, I gently woke both with a kiss and a light smack on their asses. They stretched, rolled over, looked at each other and began to giggle. Molly asked, "How was the fishing?" My response was that I had a great time. Em said, "I'll bet it is wasn't as much fun as we had!" and laughed. My day was made, good fishing, sexy, naked women and laughter. 

While I hated to do it, I reminded the girls that tomorrow we were headed to Bozeman so Em could start her job as planned. The mood changed from laughing and smiling to one more somber as we realized that Em would no longer be with us on our trip. That night we crawled into bed and just held Em, kissed her and told her how much she was loved. She sobbed the whole night. 

The next morning, I made love to Em, taking my time, making sure she had multiple orgasms and that I filled her with cum. We hugged, kissed and I went forward to begin our drive north. Em and Molly stayed in the back for more girl talk, hugging, kissing and loving. 

It was a long day, made longer by our mood as well as the miles driven. It was early evening when we pulled into a camp ground outside of Bozeman. No one was hungry, but we all wanted a glass of bourbon. As I poured the bourbon, the clothes came off, and Molly said, " We are going to have an all night fuck fest. So if you got any blue pills, now would be a great time to take one. Now get your clothes off and your cock back here. Our young friend wants to have SEX!" 

Fun we had. Once again, Molly and Em got into a 69 and went at it. I played with both their asses, pussies, tits, and everything else. I licked them, ate them, fucked them in any position I could. I stopped to recover and they simply continued fingering, licking, kissing and then starting over again. There were more fucks, pussies, cock, snatch, box, balls, sucks, sluts and moans of pleasure yelled, screamed, and shared than the past week. Orgasms were had, how many I have no idea. I managed to cum in and on them several times. Finally, around 3 a.m., I fell into a deep sleep. I think the girls were not too far behind me. 

Morning in Bozeman. Big Sky country, blue and bright. Mountains in the near distance. We were slow to wake up after last nights fuck fest. All three of us were dragging. I managed to get up and go to the bathroom. Slipping into a pair of shorts, I started the coffee. I knew we all needed it. One by one, the girls slipped into the bathroom and gave me a brief kiss as I handed them a cup of coffee. All of us were disheveled, covered in various dried body fluids and in desperate need of a shower. 

After showering, we sat down to discuss the day. Em said, "I need to call Sally and let her know that I'm here and figure out where she lives so you can drop me off." A tear ran down her cheek. 

Molly was unusually quiet and looking at Em as she ran her fingers thru her hair. "I have an idea...let's get a room for the night. We can park the camper. I need a hair cut and so does Em. We can call a spa, and Em and I'll have a girls day spoiling ourselves and you can go wander around all the fly fishing shops in town. When we're done, we'll call you, you can pick us up and we'll go to dinner. 

"I can't afford that." said Em 

"My treat, besides I really need a hair cut. Baldy over there just keeps his trimmed with a razor. He doesn't understand a women's need to have sexy hair!" 

I said,"Great idea, lets do it." 

We all got dressed, Em called her friend and arranged to meet at her apartment tomorrow morning. Em had to go to the club in the afternoon for some training and to meet the staff before starting work the following day. Molly found a spa that could fit them in and we were off. 

Six hours later, my cell rang. "We're done, come and get us." What the f... do women do at a spa for six hours was beyond me. I arrived at the spa and almost did not recognize Molly and Em. They came towards the truck, sexy as hell. Both had short hair, and their skin was glowing, their faces alight with huge smiles. They jumped into the truck and said, "Well?" Now I may be an engineer and not the sharpest knife in the drawer, but I was speechless. They were gorgeous, Molly with short, layered hair, Em with short sexy hair. "Damn" was all I could say. 

Molly said, "We had massages, facials, nails done, saunas, our hair done, and are totally relaxed, and now we are horny as hell. Lets go eat dinner and then we are going to fuck." 

Dinner at a five star restaurant, wine, bourbon and then back to the hotel. 
