 This story was written by request of a readers fantasy. 

*

My name is Keena and I work the evening shift at a retirement home. It was just like any other day, I got ready for work in my white shoes, stockings and nurses smock. I headed off to work like any other day except that this was my last day to work there. I was going to be moving and changing jobs. When I arrived there wasn't anything new going on it was the same old routine. I began making my rounds checking to see if anyone needed anything and that people were taking their pills and such. When I got to the TV room there were four men sitting playing cards.

"How are you gentlemen doing today?" they all kind of grumbled and said they were OK.

"It's my birthday today. I'm sixty-three years old." said one of the men.

"Well Happy Birthday to you."

"Yeah some birthday. I wanted a stripper to come but they won't let me have one." the other men chimed in with their disappointment.

"Well I'm sure it's against policy to have that done."

"But I'm sixty-three years old and I want a lap dance for my birthday. How about you? You have a nice round ass and big tits." the other men all agreed with him.

"I can't be going around giving lap dances for you men. You all too old for me anyway. You wouldn't have the energy to keep up with me."

A few of the men opened their pants and pulled out their already hard cocks. 'We sure do know what to do with you. We all still have fire in the furnace."

"You men need to behave and put those things away before I report you all." Although some of them had very nice cocks.

They replied with. "You're just afraid you couldn't handle all of us."

I just shook my head and walked out of the room. I went back to the nurses station and starting doing some work but I couldn't stop thinking about all those hard cocks. After a while the rest of the staff had left for the day except the other nurse who was stationed on the top floor. I couldn't seem to do my work, my pussy kept tingling and I kept thinking about their cocks. I walked back over by the room they were in and they were all still sitting there playing cards. 

Then I got to thinking to myself. No one else was here that would catch me if I did anything, even if these men tried to brag about it who would believe them, this was the last day I be working here so what would it matter and I couldn't get the sight of their cocks out of my mind and wanted to get fucked. So I went to the bathroom and took off my panties and bra, fixed my nurses smock and went to do my rounds to see who else might be up or wandering around. Everyone else on my floor were either sleeping or settled in for the night. Once I was sure that it was safe I went back to the TV room and they were all still sitting playing cards.

I took a deep breath and walked into the room. "Are you guys still playing cards?"

"Yes and I'm not going to bed until I get my birthday lap dance." the other men all laughed and agreed.

"Fine. I'll tell you what. I'll give you a lap dance then you all have to go back to your rooms. OK?"

They all agreed and placed one chair in the middle of the room and the others facing it so they could watch. I turned the radio on low and started swaying in front of the birthday boy. They were all whistling, cheering and urging me to take off my clothes. 

"You boys need to be more quiet or I'll stop dancing."

"Well it isn't a lap dance if you got your clothes on yet we all want to see some skin." The other men all agreed with him.

I looked around at them all and could see that they all had hard ons. I took a deep breath and decided to go for it. "Is this what all you men want to see?" I opened my nurses smock and let it drop to the floor revealing to them my big tits, round butt, shaved pussy and white stockings.

They all stood up and started grabbing at my body. I could feel hands grabbing my big tits, others were grabbing my round ass and one hand slid between my legs and was rubbing my pussy. I didn't move I just stood there enjoying all the attention. Then I felt two cocks being pushed into me hands and I began stroking them. The guy rubbing my pussy slid a finger inside me and the guy behind me spread me the cheeks of my round butt and squeezed his cock in between them.

The guy behind started pulling me backwards "Come and sit that round ass of yours on my cock."

I moved back as he sat down and straddled him letting him stuff his cock into my pussy. I kept jerking the other two off and the guy fingering my pussy spread my legs and pushed his cock into my pussy along with the guy I was sitting on. It felt like a huge cock fucking me as they thrust their cocks in me at the same time. I began alternating between the other two cocks sucking and licking moaning as my body was used by these old men.

I was riding the tow cocks inside me hard loving the feel when one of them shot his hot cum in me and shortly after that the other guy let go of his load. I could feel my pussy filled with all that cum dripping out of me. Their cocks got soft and I stood up when the other two that I was jerking off pulled me towards the couch. They laid me down and one straddled my chest and started fucking my big tits while the other spread my legs and shoved his cock into my cum filled hole. The two that had just fucked me came over and took turns pushing their cocks into my face for me to lick them clean.

I had just finished licking the second guys cock clean when I was close to my second orgasm. The guy fucking my tits shot his cum over my chest and face then moved up to have me lick him clean. While I was finishing him off the last guy thrust his cock hard into me and I felt more cum filling my pussy. Once his cock stopped jerking inside me and he finished cumming he too came to let me lick him clean. They all were sitting around looking at me laying on the couch catching their breaths while my body was still shaking.

"So you boys thought I couldn't handle a few old men did you?" and smiled at them.

"You should did handle us. I haven't had a good fuck like that in a long time." said the birthday boy.

The others agreed and started getting dressed. I grabbed my nurses smock and got dressed myself. I could feel the cum running down my inner thighs and needed to go clean up. I told them all. "Alright now that you all had your fun it's time to go back to your rooms." and I waved goodnight to them and headed to the bathroom. I cleaned myself up and put my panties and bra back on and got back to work. I thought to myself that it was a pretty nice going away present and wondered what my next job would have in store for me.

I hope you enjoyed this story. Once again it was a fantasy one of my readers had that ask me to write it for her.