 Settling Down 

Molly and I stopped in NY to visit Susan. She was really busy with her development company. When we visited her at her office, she and Molly took off to her spa to have a girls day out. I learned later that there was no sexual chemistry between them, but they had a good time getting massages, nails, hair, talking about me and having what ever done. We went to dinner together and Susan told us all about her progress on her development project. The next day, I went to visit her at her office to discuss making an investment in the development. I was shown into her office by her admin assistant. Susan greeted me, told her admin not to interrupt us for the next hour and closed the door. 

The door closed and she was all over me. We kissed and hugged. She whispered in my ear, "Fuck me, please. I need you to fuck me. Fuck me now." I bent her over her desk, pulled up her skirt and found she was commando, no panties. She said, "I knew you were coming, i didn't want to have to deal with panties or nylons. Fuck me." I pulled out my cock, shoved it in her and pounded her hard. She was biting her arm to keep from screaming, but she looked over her shoulder, smiled, and whispered, "harder, Harder, HARDER. FUCK ME, HARDER. I pounded her and reached forward to play with her nipples. She pulled her blouse open so I had better access. I pinched and pulled as I pounded her. She came hard and then I dumped a load of cum in her. It took a few minutes for us to get our breath back. "Thank you, you're the only one that can make me cum so hard. Why didn't I find you earlier?" I had no answer for her. She pulled her skirt back down, re-buttoned her blouse, pulled a brush out of a drawer to brush her hair. After all that, she still had that just fucked look on her face. We talked briefly about my investing in her company. I said I would think about it and get back to her, She opened her office door and let me out. The admin grinned at me and said, "Hope you have a nice day." 

I got back to Molly, who asked, "How's Susan?", I said, "Better now." 

Molly giggled and said, "I bet." 

We moved on to Michigan. We visited her friends and had a nice lunch. We moved north to the AuSable River camp ground. I realized that it was about a year since Molly had knocked on the camper door in a pouring rain and the events that followed. I thought about all that had happened since. I decided to surprise her with an anniversary celebration. 

We spent the day fishing. Getting back to the camper, we showered, dressed and went to dinner. She was wearing a LBD that reached to the middle of her thighs. The neck line showed some cleavage. Dinner was a special affair. We ordered some expensive wine, she had lobster, I had steak. After we had eaten, I reached into my pocket and found the ring I had purchased months ago. I said, "Molly, you are a very special person to me. We have loved each other, made love, and I doubt that I could live without you any more. Please don't ever leave me." I slipped the ring on her finger. Tears were running down her cheeks. People at near by tables applauded. 

We returned to the camper. We made love. Long slow love. She sucked my cock, I licked her clit, fingered her pussy, made her cum several times. We gazed into each others eyes. Damn, those emerald eyes were beautiful. We laughed and Molly giggled. We made love again with Molly on all fours and I pounding her from behind. I smacked her ass a few times and she came hard. We slept curled up like new lovers. During the night we would awake briefly, kiss, hug and then fall back to sleep. 

Morning brought another session of sex, a little rawer, but still passionate and loving. 

We fished, made love, laughed and enjoyed being with each other. 

We planned to be in Michigan for about two months. Over time I had met a variety of fishermen that frequented the AuSable River to fish. They mostly stayed at a lodge on the river. On rainy mornings, Molly and I would go down to the fly shop at the lodge and have breakfast, look at the new tackle and other fishing toys, pick up a few flies and tell lies like all fisherman do. Molly was accepted by most of the guys there because they had seen her on the river and, truth be known, she could out fish most of them. 

Returning from fishing one Friday afternoon, we found a huge RV parked several spaces away from us. It had several push outs and was probably twice as long as my camper. It wasn't built for travel off the grid, it was a definite interstate cruiser. No one was around so we cleaned up, poured ourselves a bourbon, got a fire ready for the evening, talked about the fishing and where we might fish the next day. About an hour later we heard voices coming up from the river and another couple showed up, waved and walked to the RV. Unlocking it, they must have hit a switch, a generator started, lights came on, a TV started blaring and the quiet was shattered. Molly and I looked at each other and just shook our heads. I hoped that they shut that thing down early so we could sleep. 

Some time later, the woman stepped out of the RV and came over. She introduced herself as Dana and said her husband was Gene. Apologizing for the noise, she said they would be shutting down in a short while so as not to disturb us or anyone else in the camp ground. We talked briefly, she indicated they were from Grand Rapids. Gene had an insurance agency and she quit working as a teacher to work in the office and help the business grow. She appeared to be in her mid-30's and seemed like a nice person. They were up for the weekend to do some fishing and would be leaving Sunday afternoon. 

After she left, Molly and I headed to bed. Of course we were naked and it wasn't long before we were busy making love. Molly was laughing and giggling and soon both of us had come. We kissed, spooned together and drifted off to sleep. The quiet returned. 

Saturday morning, we went over to the North Branch and fished for brook trout. The North Branch is a nice wadeable stream, intimate and fun. It has a nice quiet voice that speaks to me from time past when they did logging in up state Michigan and ran the logs down the river. Both Molly and I enjoyed wading that section of the river and had a great time. We caught lots of 6 and 7 inch brookies on small 3 wt fly rods. It was a fun way to spend a nice spring day. 

Back at the camper, I realized we were out of bourbon and had forgotten to stop and buy some. I told Molly I was going to run out to a little package store and get some. She said she would stay at the camper and do a little reading. 

When I returned, Molly was not at the camper. Inside I found a note saying she was next door at the RV and to come over. Knocking on the door, I heard a muffled "Come in." Inside was like a motel suite, fancy, carpeted, sofas, chairs, TV. 

"We're in the back, come on back." 

I stepped toward the back and was shocked. There was Molly, on all fours with an 8 inch cock in her mouth and Dana eating her pussy. Everyone was naked. The guy looked over at me, said, "Hi, I'm Gene, you must be Tom. Nice to meet you." He held out his hand to shake. Stepping forward I shook his hand. Dana pulled out from under Molly, "We can explain later, but would you like to join us. Molly said you would." Molly was shaking her head yes without losing the cock in her mouth. What the hell, I stripped. 

Dana was a very attractive woman. She was about 5-6, brown hair, hazel eyes, a well cared for body. Nice boobs, ass, legs and a pretty smile. She dropped to her knees and started playing with my cock. Sucking it into her mouth, it quickly became hard and she was working it even harder. A few minutes later, Gene blew his load down Molly's throat. Molly pulled off, looked at me, smiled, "Hi hon, you like?" I must have still had a questioning look on my face because Molly giggled. She laid back, spread her legs and Gene started fucking her and playing with her tits. Dana was still sucking my cock. I was getting close and did not want to dump my load yet, so I pulled out. She sat back, looked up with an expectant look on her face. 

I wanted to suck her tits and eat her pussy. Helping her to the bed, I did just that. She must have liked it because she pulled my head against her tits. Molly reached over and started stroking my cock. I moved down to her pussy, licking, nibbling and kissing her pussy lips. I moved up to her clit and sank a finger in her pussy searching for her g-spot. I knew immediately when I found it. Her ass came off the bed. I inserted a second finger and she started having small orgasms. I continued to work her clit and pussy and she started her climb toward orgasmic bliss. After riding out her orgasm, she started settling back, I stuck my cock in her pussy and started pounding. Gene was pounding Molly. The girls looked at each other and started playing with each others tits. Dana got back on the rocket to the stars. I reached under her and pushed my finger in her ass and she exploded. 

Gene and I both came about the same time. I pulled out of Dana and Molly moved to clean off my dick and Dana moved to clean Gene's. Then they got into a 69 and started cleaning each other. Both went on another orgasmic ride. 

As we laid back and rested the three of them explained how it happened that I walked in on them fucking. Dana had come over to the camper and got a quick tour. Molly explained how we met and our trip. Dana invited Molly over to their RV for a tour. Two bedrooms, king size beds, a huge bathroom. Apparently, Molly also explained our sex life because Dana was quick to say the Gene and her were swingers and swung with a few couples from Grand Rapids. The invitation came out and Molly said yes as she was getting undressed. About that time, I showed up. 

We didn't get dressed. Dana and Molly cooked dinner while Gene and I compared notes on my camper and his RV. We shared a drink and admired the ladies from all angles. At dinner, feet were in crouches and boobs on full display. Nipples were hard. After dinner, we watched some porn on the TV while Dana and I played with each other. Gene and Molly were busy as well. At bed time, Molly and Gene went to one bedroom while Dana and I went to the other. We could here Molly giggling as Gene fucked her. Dana and I were busy as well. She was on all fours and I was fucking her from behind. I slapped her ass and she shook it again indicating I was to continue. She turned around and sucked my cock into her mouth and then we fell into a 69. As she came, I had my finger in her ass. I filled her mouth with my spunk. Later she said, "I've never had anyone stick a finger in my ass. I loved it. I think I may have to try having my ass fucked." I explained that I would not be able to stay hard enough tonight to help her out. "I have just the person in mind when we get back to Grand Rapids." We fell asleep spooning with a tit in my hand and her hand on my dick. 

Sunday morning, Dana and I had a quickey and apparently so did Gene and Molly. The girls traded phone numbers. Dana invited us to stop by if we got to GR and they would throw a party with their friends in our honor. We ate breakfast, got dressed and returned to our suddenly very tiny camper. Molly hugged me, "Did you have fun? I did!" 

"Yes, I did. Now lets go fishing." 

We fished for several more weeks. Finally, we got the urge, so we packed up the camper. 

We headed west. We repeated last years trip without going to Alaska. While in Bozeman, we spent time with Em. Molly and Em had a special relationship and spent hours eating each others pussy, sucking on nipples, fingering each other. Molly bought some vibrators and dildos. I benefitted by watching as they made love to each other. I joined in and fucked Em and Molly. Em kept talking about my taking her anal cherry, but it never developed. I did play with her and Molly's asses and rosebuds. They always came hard when I did. I also rimmed Em's ass hole while Molly was eating her and that caused her to have an especially hard orgasm that flooded Molly's face with her pussy juice. I loved cleaning both girls up. 

Em went back to school and work. Molly and I went fishing. We seemed to find quiet little streams to fish and we found places to fuck. Both Molly and I took to wearing only underwear under our waders. We could reach down inside the waders and play with each other, then drop the waders and fuck, standing up in the stream, on the bank or any other way we could find. 

I decided it was time to visit Vegas. We went on line to find a camp ground or RV park. Molly found a place called 'Babes & Dicks Adult RV Park'. Molly was concerned that it was a real sleaze bag type of place, but I said, "Let's call them and see." Turns out they were a nudist camp ground, but they were having a unique weekend when we were planning to be there. They asked all kinds of questions and then explained that they were having an orgy weekend. Molly looked at me with a smile and said, "Do you want to go?" I looked at Molly and said, "Something on my bucket list." So she booked a five night stay. 

We arrived Tuesday night and were escorted to our site. We left the camper there and drove into the strip area of Vegas. We wanted to see some Vegas shows, gamble and do the Vegas thing. We managed to get tickets to see Celine Dion at Caesars Palace and enjoyed a great concert. We also got to see Cirque du Soleil in an afternoon show. We gambled, broke even at the tables, played the slots and had a good time. We ate too much, but its Vegas. Returning to our room on the 18th floor of our hotel Thursday night we got off our elevator when a young blond rushed over and started admiring Molly's hair color, wondering if it was natural, where did she get it cut, etc. Molly and I looked at each other and slowly headed down the hall to our room. The blonde walked with us. I was getting a little concerned at her behavior. At our door, we paused and she said, "My hair is natural too. See?" She pulled up her very short skirt and flashed her landing strip at us. It matched her hair. "My boobs are natural too." She grabbed Molly's and my hand and placed them on her boobs. "Would you guys like to fuck? My husband is in our room fucking a couple of girls he picked up and so I decided I would find someone to fuck too." 

I looked at Molly, she looked at me. I was ready to tell her no when Molly said, "Ok, you can join us for a fuck, but you can't stay the night." I looked at Molly thinking are you on drugs or something. We opened the door and I let Molly and the blonde in ahead of me. I decided to put my wallet and keys in the room safe. 

I said, "How old are you? You look pretty young. Are you a hooker?" 

The blonde laughed. I still didn't know her name. 

"No, I'm not a hooker and I'm 25. I'm here to try out for one of the dance groups. My husband and I live in LA but we're both trying to get work here. We swing with a group of friends and we decided to have a wild time while we were here. You know the old saying, 'What happens in Vegas...' ". 

With that she peeled off her dress and was naked. She turned to unbuckle my pants as Molly slowly undressed and sat back to watch this kid fuck me. She sucked in my dick and started giving me a blow job. She knew what she was doing. I pulled her up, pushed her on the bed and let her start sucking me again. I slipped a finger in her pussy. She was really wet. I curled my finger up to her g-spot and she arched her back and let out a loud moan. She acted like no one had ever touched her there. I glanced at Molly. She had her fingers in her pussy and her head was back with her eyes closed. I refocused on the blonde. 

Stroking my finger in her pussy and rubbing her g-spot was getting her close to coming. I added a thumb to her clit and she exploded. She actually squirted. She squealed and stopped sucking my cock. Pushing me back, she climbed on me and sat down on my cock. Bouncing, hair flying, tits dancing on her chest, she fucked me. She was energetic and I finally blew a load in her pussy. She crawled over to Molly and started eating her pussy. Molly had been close to an orgasm and she came after just a few seconds of tongue action. 

Standing, the blonde picked up her dress, said, "Thanks guys. It was fun." She walked out the door naked carrying her dress. Molly and I looked at each other and started laughing. Then we said almost simultaneously, "Only in Vegas!" 

Friday morning we slept in, showered, had a leisurely breakfast and left at noon for the camper. We got to the camper and people were walking around naked, meeting neighbors and apparently, old friends. 

A reception was being held at the community center beginning at 6:00 pm and then anything and everything was allowed. Molly and I lounged around the park for most of afternoon. Naked people wondered by, introduced themselves, checked us out as we checked them out. Around 6:00, we walked naked, hand in hand to the community center for the festivities. There were probably 60 naked people there. 

At 6:15 the young lady that had shown us to our site announced that the party was now open to what ever anyone wanted to do. She reminded us that No meant No. Have fun. A woman next to me grabbed my cock and started pulling. I turned towards Molly, but some guy was kissing her and jamming a finger up her pussy. She looked at me and smiled, I smiled back. The next thing I knew I was flat on my back and the woman was sucking my cock and another was sitting on my face. I hate to admit it, but the woman sucking my cock was very talented and the pussy I was eating was also very good. Surprisingly, I came in a few minutes and was showered by pussy juice from the woman on my face. They got up and wondered off looking for another cock and tongue. I needed a drink before another woman found me. 

Looking around, I saw Molly being pounded by some young stud with a 9-10 inch dick that made me jealous. She seemed to be enjoying herself. Then another woman laid down in front of her and Molly was eating pussy while being pounded by that stud. I got hard as stone watching. A woman walked by, I grabbed her tits, smacked her ass and said, "Want to fuck?" She said, "Fuck yes, that's what I am here for." She promptly laid down on a table and spread her legs. After I filled her pussy with cum, I headed back to the camper. I was done for the night. About an hour later, Molly returned. I asked her about the young stud, she said, "He had a big dick, but didn't know how to use it. I much prefer you and your dick because you know how to make me and any woman a very happy woman." Boy, did that make me feel better. 

There were a variety of activities, including pool activities, that were designed to mix people and get them fucking. I must have fucked a dozen different women. Molly must have fucked a dozen different men and women. 

Sunday night, Molly and I were back in the camper. We were both worn out, but it was good to be hugging and kissing each other again. We didn't make love, but we held each other and told each other how much we loved them. 

The next morning we headed east. 

For several years we followed my original journey from the first year. Michigan, Montana, Texas, New Orleans, Key West, Cape Cod and Sasha, back to Michigan. Every other year we went to Alaska. We seemed to meet the same people every year at the same camp grounds. There seems to be a whole sub-culture of people that live in an RV and travel. Some have been traveling together for several years. In Alaska, we usually didn't stay in camp grounds. My camper had solar panels on the roof that powered a battery system. This allowed us to live off the grid. We would camp on the shore of a lake or close to a river we wanted to fish and enjoy our solitude. We even sat naked and fucked in front of a camp fire if the bugs weren't too bad. We would see bear, eagles, osprey's, and other wild life. I tried to photograph all of it, including a naked Molly while we were skinny dipping in a lake. 
