 The snowflakes were large and fluffy, gliding slowly down to cover the cars of the employees in the lot. Not a single customer was out in this weather and the store had been dead for hours. I stood at the window, leaning lightly against the cool pane. The touch of the glass reminded me of the glass dildo sitting at home by my bed. The blue one with the great big head that makes me gasp as I slide it into my cunt.

I stared out at the grey sky thinking of the cool smooth glass sliding in and out of my pussy when I heard laughter from behind me. Turning I saw the three guys I was working with standing behind the counter at one of the computers.

Having been pulled from my fantasy I walked over to them and immediately became suspicious when they got quiet. Hmmmm... how little they knew me. Always afraid of offending me, I wondered if they were telling dirty jokes or something.

I walked over to the counter and leaned over it, as I usually did. I was dressed in my grey pinstripe skirt, black stockings, heals, bra, and thong, and my dark blue blouse that seemed to run out of buttons half way up. My blutooth hung from the top button, in danger of being suffocated by my breasts which were on full display as I leaned over the counter. A few of them were looking but I pretended not to notice, I didn't want them to stop.

"What are you guys up to over here?" I also pretended not to notice that they obviously didn't want me to know what was going on.

"We're trying to find Kevin a girl!" Hamid spoke up, obviously unaware that I wasn't supposed to be in on it. The other guys started laughing again, no longer able to hold back.

My eyes went to Kevin, the tall, lean, quiet boy. I say boy, but I know he's older than me. He's just so shy it's hard to think of him like that. I never thought anyone would be more shy than me, I've always been the quiet one, but somehow he won out. I didn't mind though, I was tired of being quiet. I looked over his light brown hair, nice face, and blue eyes.

"Well that shouldn't be too hard," I grinned, "He's cute." I knew this would make him blush and it did. I was pleased.

The rest of them laughed even harder.

"Do you even remember how to do it after that long?" one of them asked, more laughs.

"I know!" Hamid chimed in, "You can wear blutooth! I walk you through it!"

Even Kevin laughed at that one. God, they were so mean to each other, but damn, that was funny.

They continued ribbing each other but I didn't catch all of it. An idea was forming in my dirty little brain. So, he needed to get laid, huh? Somehow I didn't put much faith in the fix ups of these guys. Trevor was a party guy, no girl interested in him would be Kevin's type. Hamid was married and had never been with anyone but his wife so I didn't know how he'd do fixing up someone else.

My eyes wandered down to the front of his pants and I wondered what their thin material concealed. I looked up and realized he'd seen me and we stared at each other a moment, I smiled and he blushed and turned away.

Something about how shy he was turned me on. Usually I'm the shy one, but I really liked to be in charge. The way he blushed brought out the cougar in me, not that I'm old enough for that, but still. Not only did I want to end his dry spell but I had a desperate desire to see what was behind that wall he put up.

I thought about how much I'd love blowing his mind, and other things. I always love knowing I've fucked a guy so well he'll think of me whenever he fucks someone else.

I came out of my dreams when I heard the words, "I know, but three years! Jesus, man!" there was no laughter following that one, Kevin's face was stone and there were a few nervous glances my way. I wasn't supposed to hear that.

Just then Jack, the manager, came out and asked if there was anyone who would like to put away the recent shipment we received in the inventory room. Kevin volunteered immediately, obviously wanting to get out of this situation. He followed Jack into the back. I turned to look at the other two who busted out laughing once he was gone.

"Jeez, you guys, you don't have to be dicks about it," I glared. I knew they were just being guys but obviously he wasn't happy with what had just gone down.

"We're just messing with him, besides, I'm going to hook him up!" Trevor said defensively.

"You actually have girls who would like him? Besides, you're nearly a decade younger than him, how old are these girls?" "I dunno, 19, 22... my age!"

"Hmmmm....." I thought this over. On the one hand guys always talk about loving young pussy, on the other I didn't think any girl of Trevor's was likely to want anything to do with a thirty something, quiet, shy man like Kevin.... and if she did she'd probably eat him alive, but not in a good way.

"You got better Idea?" Hamid grinned at me.

I looked at them both a moment, and smiled. I stood up straight and smoothed my skirt. My blutooth clung to it's button for dear life.

"Yes, actually, I think I do," and with that I turned on my heal and walked towards the back. I brushed against Jack as I passed him on his way back to the front. I swiped my key card, went into the back, and made my way to the inventory room. 

The door was opened, which was good, as I usually didn't have access. I heard the sounds of boxes and stacking from the last aisle in the back. There was a pause as he caught the clicking of my heals on the floor.

I peeked around the corner of the racks and he looked at me, a stack of phones in his hands.

"You need something?" he asked innocently. I smiled and licked my lips.

"It's my understanding that you do," I took the boxes from his hands and sat them on the shelf, then without hesitation I pulled him close and kissed him. When I pulled away he managed to ask, in that quiet whisper of a voice of his, "What are you doing?"

"I should think that's obvious," I grinned, "I'm going to fuck you."

He started to speak, he might have been protesting. We work together, someone could walk in, you have a boyfriend, whatever it was I wasn't having any of it. I kissed him deeply again and let my hand wander down to the bulge that was growing in his pants. I massaged it lightly through the fabric and I felt him moan into my mouth.

"Mmmmm.... I think I'm going to love this," I said as I pulled away and slid to my knees, undoing his pants. They slid to the floor and his briefs quickly followed. His cock was long and thin, just like the rest of him. It was curved slightly, and a perfect pink hue. I squeezed it firmly and looked up into his eyes. He was watching me, I loved being watched. I continued looking into his eyes as I licked him from base to tip.

"You taste wonderful," I told him, and he did. I licked at his head and felt him twitch in my hands, I love that feeling. I teased him with my tongue just a second more and then I wrapped my lips around his cock and took him in my mouth. I bobbed up and down on his cock, alternating between sucking and licking. I pulled off and blew lightly over him, cooling his cock. He moaned at this and I looked up into his eyes again as I took him back into my mouth, sucked him down into my throat as far as I could and buried my nose in his pubic hair. I love the way the hair tickles my nose. I breathed in the scent of him and moaned, the vibrations causing him to moan too.

I sucked him hard as I pulled back and slipped his cock out of my mouth. I jerked him with my hand and looked up into his eyes again.

"You like that baby? You like me sucking this hard cock?" I massaged his balls with my other hand.

"Yes!" he moaned, always a man of few words. I wondered if that would change.

"Mmmmm, I want to taste your cum, baby, you going to let me drink it?" I didn't wait for an answer but sucked one of his balls into my mouth and rolled it over my tongue, then the other. I pulled his cock back into my mouth and ran my nails over his balls from behind.

"Jesus," he whispered. I slipped my fingers back further and ran a nail from his asshole to his balls and back again. I didn't expect him to last much longer, considering it had been so long for him, but he was proving me wrong. I decided to take advantage of it.

I took his cock out of my mouth and stood up. "I want to feel that huge cock inside me. You wanna fuck me, baby?" to my surprise the wall seemed to come down.

"God, yes!" he grunted, then spinning me around he bent me over and hiked up my skirt. I grabbed a hold of the shelf in front of me and felt him pull my thong to the side.

"Jesus.... shaved..." he muttered and I laughed.

"I like it that way, makes me feel everything more." He ran his fingers over my pussy and felt how wet I was. "Come on baby, stick that cock in there, I want to feel you inside me!"

He didn't need any more invitation. I felt the head at my entrance and gasped as he slid it inside. Thankfully he wasn't too thick, but god was he long. He grabbed my hips and pounded into me, I didn't even think to stifle my cries until I heard the door to the main room beep as someone swiped their card. I expected him to freak, to pull out, but he kept pounding harder and it was all I could do to keep from crying out.

Whoever had entered the back room went into one of the offices and I heard the door close.

"Wow, baby, you're fucking me so hard. I can't stand it, oh god, your cock feels fantastic," I felt his hand slide up and reach under my shirt, fondling my tit that was in my lace bra. I reached a hand back and flicked my clit, then tickled his balls, and alternated between the two.

"Oh fuck, I'm gonna cum!" I grabbed the shelf that was shaking with the force of our fucking and forgetting about the stranger in the backroom I cried out, "Jesus, Kevin, fuck me! God, fuck me hard!" as I a wave of intense pleasure washed over me.

Before long he was ready to cum and I found myself being spun around again. I knelt on the floor and waited. He grunted loudly and his load hit me on the cheek and then I sucked him into my mouth to get the rest, drinking him down, tasting my pussy on him. God it tasted so good.

"Oh god," we both turned at the new voice and there stood Jack, that must have been who had come in the back. He stood there, staring at us, obviously unsure what to say, but my eyes traveled down to the obvious bulge in his pants. If I wanted to stay out of trouble I better turn this to my favor quick.

"Mmmm.... looks like you like what you see, why don't you bring that cock over here and join us?" I reached out for him and he stepped forward. I think he'd wanted to fuck me for a while. Probably something to do with the way I lean so close to him whenever he's near me, or flash him some cleavage when he thinks I don't know he's looking. It wasn't long before I was off my knees and he was unbuttoning my blouse. Kevin unzipped my skirt and it fell to the floor, the blouse and my bra following. I stepped out of my thong as well. I stood there, in my stockings and heels, Jack fondling my breasts and sucking my nipples, Kevin groping my ass. I couldn't believe I was going to get both of them.

I was on my knees again in a second. Jack had lost his pants as well. Kevin was completely naked now. He was nicely muscled for such a lean guy, and his cock was hard again. Jack's was smaller, thicker, and dark purple. God I loved cock, they're all so different.

I took it in my hand and licked the tip, I held Kevin's in my other hand, jerking him. I didn't waste any time. I licked up Jack's shaft, sucked him down my throat while massaging his balls with my hand.

Unlike Kevin, Jack was more vocal. "Oh, god, suck my cock. Play with those balls, fuck yes."

I pulled Kevin closer and jerked Jack off while I sucked Kevin back into my mouth. It amazed me how different they tasted as well. I began alternating sucking and jerking, stroking their balls, loving every second of it. Then Jack pulled me up to my feet and ran a hand over my pussy.

"I've wanted to fuck this for a long time," he said, leading me away from the shelves and over to a desk. He helped me step onto the desk and I was amused that he had thought that through so well. On my hands and knees on the desk I was better able to get cock at both ends without straining anything.

Jack stood behind the desk and Kevin in front of it. I licked and sucked Kevin's cock while I felt Jack run his up and down my wet slit. When I felt him start to push in I sucked Kevin's cock into my throat and moaned in pleasure as Jack filled my pussy.

I'd never had a cock at both ends before but I always wanted to. It was exactly like I dreamed it would be. Jack grabbed my hips and began fucking me hard, forcing me to use my hands to support myself on the desk and thereby allowing Kevin to fuck my face.

I had to time the thrusts just right to keep from gagging but the intensity of getting fucked like a pair of Chinese finger cuffs was overwhelming.

"I always knew you were a dirty little whore," Jack slapped my ass while he fucked me. I was never much on spanking, but I loved being called a whore. It was true. A cock whore and a cum slut. I merely grunted around Kevin's cock in agreement.

"You like getting your holes fucked from both ends?" he was way more talkative than Kevin and his words were sending me over the edge. "You're going to take every inch of that cock and beg for more, aren't you?"

"uh..huh...."

"Fuck, yeah, your pussy is amazing. I could fuck you for days. You want to be my little cum slut? If you want to keep this job I think you'd better be my cum slut."

Again all I could do was grunt as cocks were slamming into me at both ends. Finally I heard Kevin grunt and tasted his sperm shooting into my mouth. He quickly pulled out and the remainder shot at my face, dripping down my cheek.

Finally being freed to speak I cried out, "Fuck your little cum slut! Fuck me hard! I fucking live for your cock!"

If he responded I didn't hear it. We both lapsed into grunts and cries as his load shooting deep in my pussy set off my own climax.

I didn't realize until afterwards, while I was sitting there covered in cum as Jack went around and gathered clothes, but there is a camera in the back room and no doubt that all of this was now on tape. The thing is, if anyone saw it no one ever said a word.

Kinda makes me wonder where that tape is now.