 You fasten the last restraint, tying me down to the plush kind size bed. Both of my feet and hands are bound tightly, as I lay in my black lace underwear and tightly laced, fire engine red corset. As you straddle my stomach, I stare at your chest, close my eyes, and take a deep breath in, absorbing your scent. I pull my hands up, wanting to wrap them around you, forgetting they are restrained. Realizing what I am doing, you shoot me a devilish smile and dive down, planting a dominating kiss on my lips. 

After planting gentle kisses on my forehead, my cheek, and then my shoulder, you whisper in my ear, "I have a surprise for you." I am taken back slightly, but grin through my confusion. You walk out of the room, with which I am highly disappointed. I want nothing more than your cock buried so deeply inside of me. But you walked out of the room. I close my eyes, letting my breath even out, preparing myself for whatever it may be you have in store. 

You return to the room only a minute to two later, accompanied by a woman. She is tall, close to your height. She is fit, but still perfectly curvy. Her hips are begging for fingertips digging into them. She has a pretty, girl next door face, that is dolled up with heavy eye make up and bright red lip stick. Her breasts are large, pretty and round, plenty of cleavage popping out of the black nightie she is wearing. Her hair dark, hanging just below her shoulders. I can sense her nervousness as she shuffles her feet, standing at the foot of the bed I am strapped to. I shoot her a small, shy smile and then look over to you. You can't hide your excitement. The giddiness on your face is contagious. I am instantly excited for the evening that you have planned, even if I am not entirely sure what that is going to entail. 

You look at her, biting the corner of your lip ever so slightly, "Go ahead." She smiles and takes a deep breath. Dropping her knees to the edge of the bed, she bends down and starts slowly kissing up the inside of my leg. I take a deep breath, overcome with the sensation of her lips against me. They are full, soft, and moist. I feel her tongue dart out as she reached the back of my knee, moving up inner thigh. She places her hand on my other thigh, grasping it tightly. I inhale a sharp breath. 

"You like that baby girl?" you say to me. I glance over to you and gently nod my head. I notice you stroking yourself on the outside of your pants. You move closer to me, climbing on the bed next to me. "I thought we could both have some fun with you tonight," you say. 

"Yes, please," is the only response I can muster up. She continues to work her way up my body, her face against my chest. She spends extra time suck on my cleavage that is popping out of my corset. You lean down, kissing me deep, hard, hungry. I want to touch you, lace my fingers in your hair, to take your cock into my hand, but the restraints stop me. Between her mouth and yours, I am growing exponentially wet between my legs with need for release. I let a gentle moan escape into your mouth. You break away from me, moving a hand to her head, pulling her away from me. Your lips find hers and you kiss her with the same depth you did me. I would expect to be angry, jealous in this moment, but I'm not. I am aroused watching you please another woman the way you do me. 

You slide a hand down my corset and begin squeezing my nipple, hard, the way you know I like it. My breath grows rapid. I'm honestly not sure how long I can wait. As you break your kiss with her, she moves down my body. Her hands dipped into my panties, pulling them down ward. At the same time, I turn my head and watch you pulling your pants down, letting your cock spring free. My mouth grows wet with the need to taste you. As I am thinking about how badly I want you in my mouth, she dives her tongue deep in my pussy. My back arches with the sensation. Her tongue is so wet, so warm. She starts slowly licking my upwards, gently sliding a finger into me as she goes. My breath grows choppy as I take in everything she is giving me. As I open my eyes to glance up at you, I see you smiling as you look between me and her. 

It is then that you guide your cock into my mouth, taking what you have claimed as your own. I am used to using my hands to help guide my pace. But in this moment, with me restrained, you are in complete control. You place a hand on the back of my head and slowly guide your cock in and out of my mouth, my lips tightly wrapped around you. I feel my spit coating you, the moisture growing, dripping down to the sheets on the bed. You throw your head back and mutter some curses under your breath as you increase the speed in and out of my mouth. I am finding it hard to focus as I am overcome with the sensation occurring between my legs and the hunger for your cock deeper in my mouth. I moan against your dick, the vibration having a clear effect on you as you shudder for a split second and then begin to truly ravage my mouth. You thrust hard into me, face fucking me with immense force. I instantly gag on your cock, but you don't stop. You just continue, as my eyes water, tears falling down my face. You reach between my legs and pull her up, pull her close to you. You kiss her again, this time with a certain aggression I have grown to love about you.

With a hand on her back, you push her down, so she is laying on top of me. I look directly into her eyes, they are as lust filled as I imagine mine are in this moment. She bites her lip gently as I lean up and kiss her. Kissing her is different, there is a softness to her that is intoxicating. She hesitates for a second, but then begins to kiss me back. He tongue is soft and gentle as it sweeps across my lips and into my mouth. She places her hands on other side of my face as she deepens the kiss we exchange. I feel your eyes on us, even if I can't see them. I feel you position yourself between my legs, your tights rubbing against mine. And then I feel her squeal in my mouth. You are fucking her on top of me. Part of me is jealous because I want it so bad right now. But part of my is growing impossibly more aroused. With each thrust into her, her body moves against mine. She tries to continue to kiss me, but is quickly overcome with the sensation of your cock deep inside of her, a sensation I know very well. I can feel her body clenching against mine, as if you are almost too much for her to handle. 

As you continue to ravage her, I turn my head and whisper in her ear, "You like his cock in you? It feels good, doesn't it?" She doesn't respond. You reach down and grab her hair from the back of her head and pull her head upward, exposing her neck to me. I sit up as much as I can and begin sucking on her neck, biting her as I go. You pull her up farther, letting me see her full frontal. Reaching down her sides, you pull her nightie off, letting her breasts fall and giving me an erotic view and you continue to pump into her from behind. I can tell the position change lets you in deeper as she is beginning to shudder with every thrust. I can see her orgasm building quickly. You open your eyes and look down at me, locking eyes with me, and lust and desire pouring out of you. Our eye lock is broken when she lets out a cry that is beyond compare, her body convulsing on top of me as she collapses into me. 

She rolls over to the side, falling off of my body, breathing heavily, clearly lost in her own release. Without hesitation, you use your hands to spread my legs farther, quickly diving deep into me. My back arches again as the feeling of you so deep in my is nearly more than I can handle. In a moment of sheer dominance, you let out a growl like sound. Grabbing onto my hips of leverage, you thrust into me. It feels like you are nearly ripping me apart. I can barely catch my breath between the cries and moans escaping from me. Savagely, you pump in and out of me. I can feel my body tightening around you. I want to sit up and hold you close, but I can't because of these damn restraints. Instead, I buck up each time you hit the deepest part of me. She sits up, recovered from her own pleasure, and begins undoing my corset, letting my breasts loose as it falls off my body. 

She begins to suck hard on my nipple, adding to the overwhelming sensation you are providing between my legs. You look down at me, almost as if you are another person, so aggressive and lust driven. Driving your cock into me deep, you lift my ass off the bed slightly. You take that opportunity to rail my ass with your bare hand. The instant sting adds to the intensity. A few more times I feel your hand against my bare ass, until it is numb and I can't feel it any more. Then you reach your hand down, placing your thumb in just the right spot over my clit. A few second of pressure and I find myself seizing around your cock. Wave after wave of pleasure rolls through me. Everything I see is a shade of white. I can't hear anything. I am merely lost in my own release. 

She is still sucking on my nipples and you are still driving your rock-hard length into me as I come back to earth. Your eyes are locked on me. And with just a few more thrusts, I feel your climax nearing. You pull your dick out of me, holding it in your hand. And as your body begins to spasm, I feel your west warmth against my stomach, watching it hit her face. I take a deep breath, so relaxed and content with you. With her. With everything.