 Note: 'Return To Eagles Nest' is the second story in a series that starts with 'At The Eagles Nest'.

~~~~~~

Eight months had gone by since my first party at the Eagle's Nest men's club. Every month or two I had been invited to visit again to take part in one of their gangbangs, always as the sole woman to have the full attention of all their male club members.

Although the first time was shocking, with a lot to get used to, I really loved it and had no regrets. I looked forward to each new party, desiring the high-flying sexual enjoyment that each opportunity had delivered.

Six weeks after the most recent event, I got a call from Mr. White.

"Mandy, we'd like to have another party with you. Are you interested?" he asked.

"It would be my pleasure," I assured him, instantly feeling the heat.

As usual, he didn't want to discuss details on the phone. I agreed to meet him at the club after work, around seven.

When I got there, the place was pretty empty. At White's office door, he greeted me warmly, hugging me and kissing my cheek.

We sat together, in the very room where my sex history with Eagle's Nest began. He said I looked great and asked about my new job. He said again how perfect it would be to have me at Eagle's Nest for their next party.

"Mandy X, I'm so glad you're here. You always accept my party invitations, but I never take you for granted."

At the club, I was known as Mandy X, my personal version of the pseudonyms used by Mr. White and the others for security and privacy.

"Don't worry, I remember every party here very fondly."

Images ran through my head; I lost my train of thought. I already felt aroused, just from his few words. I tried to be cool, but I was struggling.

"Um, so, yes, why not come again?" I chuckled at my unintentional double meaning, nervously using my right hand to brush my shoulder length honey blond hair off my face.

He smiled. "Well, I have an idea for the party. I hope you'll like it."

"Try me."

He explained his ideas, including new things we hadn't done before. I found it quite exciting. 

"I'm in," I told him. "I'm glad you thought of me." Pulsing erotic arousal expanded in my body.

"Oh, I think of you often. No one could do the party better than you will."

He looked shy suddenly, glancing away, losing his usual confidence.

"I'm your biggest fan, Mandy. I'm smitten by your sexual energy and enthusiasm."

I smiled at him. "Thank you for telling me that. I'm glad..." I didn't know how to finish the thought, but I didn't have to.

"Would you like to stay awhile?" he asked. "We could have a little fun, if you want."

"Well, maybe." I felt the heat, definitely felt the heat. "What do you have in mind?"

"You. I have you in mind. Not for a big production like the full-on parties, but how about an informal hook-up with three or four of us? Say the word, I'll round up a few guys."

"You too?" I wanted to make sure.

"Oh yes, I'd never pass on a chance to be with you," he assured me.

"Okay, but I can only stay an hour or so. And could I get something to eat? Lunch was a long time ago."

White brought me to a table in the nearly empty dining room where he introduced Mr. Gold, a member I didn't know.

"Gold will keep you company. You can fill a plate over there."

He pointed to a spread of appetizers, drinks, and sandwiches on a table against the wall.

White went to find more players for our hook-up.

I downed some food while Gold told me Eagle's Nest stories and philosophy.

He claimed, "Lots of women want to be gangbanged, but most never do because they don't know how to arrange it."

"Really? How do you know?" I asked.

"I don't have research, but we've met enough to get the drift. The Internet is changing things. Women can find people like us and make discrete arrangements. We use social media very effectively."

He asked, "Is that how you got here?"

"No, completely different. Sort of a happy accident."

"What do you mean, if you don't mind revealing a little more?" Gold probed.

"I came to Eagle's Nest for a business meeting with Mr. White. He turned it into a gangbang, through several steps."

"Sounds like White. How do you feel about it now?" Mr. Gold was curious.

"Like I can't wait for the next one."

Gold smiled, as if he'd won an argument, just as White arrived with two more men in tow.

Gold said to White, "She's great. I see what you mean."

White grinned, then introduced the new men. "Mandy X, meet Mr. Blue and Mr. Silver."

The two guys were decent looking. I thought maybe I'd seen them before. They were obviously interested in me judging by where their eyes roamed. I thought my face gave away how I was feeling already, aroused and wanting.

Blue had been explicitly staring at my rack.

"You seem very curious about what's under my blouse, am I right?" I asked.

"I guess that's not much of a secret," Blue responded, in a friendly way.

I got up and went to him, took his hand, and led him to one of the chairs at the next table. I sat on his lap.

"Why don't you unbutton me?" I asked.

I put my arms around his neck and nuzzled his cheek as he took great pleasure in slowly opening each fastener, exposing my boobs, nestled in my bra. My boobs seemed twice as big as usual, begging to be let out.

I pushed myself into his face. He reacted just right, kissing my mounds gently as his hands fondled me.

I felt his tongue explore my cleavage while I reached around and opened the clasp so I could remove blouse and bra. My 34D tits were free, bringing a wide grin from Blue as he played with me.

I asked White to come over and kneel next to us.

"I've got a surprise for you under my skirt," I whispered.

Blue kept busy with my nipples and White slid a hand up my leg to find I had no panties. Looking delighted, he put a finger in my very wet slit.

"Mmmmmm, thank you," I purred and kissed his ear. "Let me suck that finger."

He offered it to my mouth for an extended lick and suck.

"Yum, I love my taste."

I let that sink in.

In a soft voice that everyone could hear, I asked, "Blue, do you like to eat pussy?"

He nodded yes, so I got up, removed my skirt, and sat on the table in front of him with my legs fully open. I leaned back on my arms to watch. He dove right in, slipping his tongue deeply inside my twat, then licking me up and down.

The others stood alongside to fondle my tits and make jokes at our expense, but to me Blue felt wonderful. He was really good at exciting me. I eased down flat on my back to roll my legs even further up for his convenience and my pleasure. I groaned and gasped as he made progress with my clit.

Another minute had me wailing and thrashing in an orgasm while Blue fought to keep his tongue in contact with my little knob until I was all wrung out.

Blue sat there stroking me, his head on my inner thigh, keeping a hand in my pussy, looking pleased. I took a few minutes of deep breathing to recover.

Blue asked, "What now, Mandy?"

"Now fuck me," I insisted. "All of you, fuck me." I was usually more submissive but that night I felt in charge.

The men stood up, unzipped, and got their cocks out. Blue went first. They rotated who was pounding into my pussy with the others fondling my boobs or whatever. I lay back on the edge of the table with my legs up in the air, gasping, moaning, and demanding more, harder. I reached out for their cocks when near enough.

"So awesome...I adore you guys," I said, with heavy breathing.

"Right back atcha, Mandy," Silver said with a big grin.

When they were all finished with me, a pool of their cum had formed under my butt and I was still leaking into it. I got up and knelt before them.

"Bring those wet noodles to me," I ordered. I licked off each of their cum coated cocks.

"Now for my special treat," I murmured as I began to lap up the cum from the table top.

I was complimented by White as I slurped. "Mandy X, the World's Greatest Cum Slut. You don't miss any opportunity..." He didn't finish, but I think I knew what he had in mind, about all the things he'd seen me do. No worries, I was pleased to be the World's Greatest Cum Slut.

When I stood up, after I got it all from the table, I wiped my mouth with my arm and licked my lips. White used a finger to dab a little cum off my cheek, then put it in my mouth.

After a group hug with fondling, it seemed like we'd call it a night, but Silver wasn't done.

"I'm really into you, Mandy; you're damn exciting," he said, holding his erection. "Could we do a little more?"

I replied, with a warm smile, "Why not? What's your fantasy?"

"Will you get on all fours?"

Silver started removing his pants without waiting for an answer. I got into position on the carpeted floor. He was fully hard, even though he had come in me a few minutes earlier. I welcomed the feeling of his dick slipping into me from the back followed by the in and out motion. He tightly gripped my waist for the wild ride.

While Silver fucked me, the others had fun describing how my jugs behaved, dangling and bouncing around from Silver's thrusts.

Mr. Gold suggested we make it a DP. He took his place, on his back under me where he could suck my tits and get his dick in my pussy. Silver switched to my ass. The three of us continued together, a great treat that generated amazing sensations in me.

Blue put his cock into my mouth, joined by White who thought I could fit both of them.

Gold came followed by Sliver. I kept humping as long as they felt hard inside me.

When the first two finished, Blue and White wanted to continue the DP. Watching me get double fucked was too stimulating to just walk away.

White picked me up to start s standing DP, with Blue entering from behind. Pressed against White's chest, hanging on his neck and straddling his waist with my legs, I couldn't stop grinning as they bounced me to another climax for all three of us.

We hugged again, while cum dripped from my holes. I stuffed a linen table napkin between my legs to dry it up.

I got kisses on the cheek, and White licked my nipples. I enjoyed all the little affectionate moves in addition to the hard core fucking.

After I cleaned up and dressed, I said goodnight and left to go home. My head was full of thoughts of the next big party at Eagle's Nest, only a little over a week away.

~~~~~~

On the night of the party, I arrived at Eagle's Nest a little before the seven p.m. start time. My multiple visits had earned me the gate code and a second code for a back door that led directly to the Ladies Lounge. I brought a garment bag with clothes for my trip home after.

I was more than ready, prepared like I had an important date. Hair trim, eyebrows, nails, mani-pedi, shave and wax everywhere...totally clean and fresh in and out. I didn't need some normal things, like makeup and underwear.

Mr. White and I had decided that I would enter the party dressed in office clothes. He gave me a credit card that I used to buy a dark blue pencil skirt with matching jacket, white long sleeve button-front blouse, and fuck-me boots. I bought the blouse one size too small.

White looked in to make sure I was set to go. I appreciated his attentiveness and his reaction to how I was dressed.

"Hot, hot, hot. They'll love to mess you up," he commented.

"I can't wait. How many are there?" I asked, already feeling hot to trot.

"Good crowd tonight, probably thirty-five, maybe more. Some will arrive later, a second wave."

I got a deeper rush of heat, and wet, eager to experience what that group had for me.

On schedule, White escorted me to the party room. As I walked in the door, a sustained cheer rose from the men, continuing as I stepped up onto the central padded platform,

In the spot light, I took a few steps and shouted, "Hi, guys. I'm so glad to see you."

A new wave of applause spread across the room, increasing the noise level.

"Are you glad to see me?"

As I asked that question, I lifted my skirt to show my bald pussy. The crowd went wild as I twirled around, off to the races.

I sat on the edge of the platform. The men seemed very ready, pressing in.

"Oooo, so eager. I'll take that as a compliment."

I took off my boots, slowly. I showed my long legs and offered new peeks at my pussy. I threw the boots into the crowd.

I didn't have to say anything more. Men stepped forward, crushing around me, bringing their swollen cocks to my mouth. I sucked one after another, bringing them close to coming. I paused to unbutton my blouse all the way, showing my bountiful breasts moving freely.

"Come on me, right there," I pointed, taking one man's dick in hand and finishing him off between my tits. The others followed my example, covering my skin with their slippery goo.

I sucked off another four men, filling my mouth without swallowing. I cupped the blouse over my tits while, with my mouth open, I let the cum ooze out. I played with the cum, feeling my boobs beneath, making hand prints in cum on the fabric. 

The men liked getting their cum on my clothes and they wanted more of that game. I repeated the moves with the next four men but with the jacket closed. In only a few minutes, I had been transformed into a cum soaked tramp. Of course, that was my goal.

I got on all fours again. They gave me, and my skirt suit, a cum shower along with constant dicks in my mouth. One aggressive guy got up behind me, moved the skirt out of the way and fucked my ass, pulling out at the last minute to come all over the back of my jacket. He wiped himself on the skirt.

I pulled a pair of lace panties out of my jacket pocket and handed them to one of my enthusiastic guys.

"Can you come in my panties?" I asked him, while removing the jacket.

He looked me up and down, grinning at my cum-crusted tits and the mess already all over me.

"Sure thing, darling," he answered.

He jerked himself briefly, then wrapped his cock head in the panties and finished, squirting a wad of cum into them. I rubbed the jizz-filled lace all over my face.

Two guys asked to do that again. I handed over the panties and got back a double load for my face.

"My complexion has been so smooth since I started doing this," I commented, sweetly. A noisy cheer agreed with me.

I had another idea for the panties. I lay on my back with my skirt at my waist, legs spread apart. I stuffed them into my pussy, drawing them slowly out, then back and forth multiple times as the crowd clapped and shouted.

"In - Out - In - Out - "

I draped the slimy, messy panties over my face. "Oh, these smell pungent. I'll share if anyone wants them..." Lots of noise, and one guy asked for a sniff. He was heaped with a lot of joking abuse.

When he returned them, I put them back over my face.

"Fuck my mouth through the panties," I asked.

Several men tried it out, pushing the fabric into my mouth with their cocks or using the leg holes. The aroma was intense with the lace covering my mouth and nose, filling my air with pussy and cum smells. When each man came, I just spit it back out, soaking the panties with cum and spit.

I lifted the panties into the air above my face, letting them drip, then sucked them into my mouth to get any leftover cum, then back in my pussy, moaning with delight.

I slowly drew the panties out of me one last time.

"I need something bigger than these to stretch out my pussy."

After licking them once more, I flipped them to the floor.

With my arms held out, I welcomed the line of men ready to get into my sopping cunt. One after another they climbed between my legs to fill me with their cum. While they did, other men groped me, using fingers to add stimulation to my clit, nipples, ass or mouth, cooperatively sharing my body with the men pumping me with their cocks.

Four, five, or six man teams kept me very busy, head to tail. The feelings were wonderful. I was so stimulated, hot, greedy for more while all those dicks plumbed my depths and, as I'd hoped, stretched me out. I thrashed around in response, making a loud commotion of sexual noises and cries, further exciting my men.

Mr. White whispered a personal message for me into my ear, while I was sucking a dick and having my cunt assaulted by a particularly large guy.

"Mandy the Cumslut, I adore you," he told me quietly. Other men heard, applauded or tried to be funny, but I knew White meant to be affectionate and I felt that too.

"The next ten blow jobs are for your special entertainment," I told White in response. Almost everyone wanted to be in that count.

He followed me as I transferred from the platform to work the floor on my knees. I gave blow jobs with many delicious variations like pulling the cock out of my mouth at the last moment to splash the cum on my face, or shoot it down my cleavage, across my tits, or on my outstretched tongue. I liked when a spurting cock was waved in my face as I tried to catch it with my lips. The warm cum got all over my face, body, and clothes as I purred and gasped from the excitement.

When I had a guy's dick in my mouth, he would often hold onto my hair to force the contact in the direction he liked best. I not only didn't mind, it made things hotter. Having my hair pulled was another trigger for me, pushing my inner heat wave up a notch so my pussy juice was running down my legs while his cum ran from my mouth.

I was near White, eagerly sucking a prick, when the guy came, very fast. He pulled back, leaving me with my mouth open and cum falling from my lips. I looked at White with a jizz-filled smile. He seemed pleased.

I had promised him ten, but of course I lost count. I did manage more smiles for White when I saw him.

~~~~~~

After everyone had a chance to do something with me, it was time for phase two of the party.

Two men carried a Sybian Saddle into the room, a half-barrel shaped, Naugahyde covered, electric fuck machine that I could ride to entertain the men. I knew they'd enjoy watching me achieve the almost-guaranteed multiple orgasms the Sybian produced.

They placed it near the platform so my audience could stand above me as well as all around while I had my fun and they had theirs. There were no rules.

The dildo attachment and the clit stimulating base pad were already in place; all I had to do was throw a leg over and work the controls. I got on, still wearing my skirt and blouse, smeared and stained with cum, and with my crowd-pleasing, cum-dripping twins exposed by the open buttons. 

Under the close inspection of the guys, I lubed the large size dildo attachment, pushed my skirt toward my waist and wriggled into position so the silicone dick was fully inside me. The insertion brought an involuntary gasp of pleasure as I felt my spaces opened and fully penetrated. I leaned forward to press my clit against the base pad. The hand-held control box allowed me to vary the speed of the action with two switches and two knobs.

"Here we go," I announced as I switched on both rotation and vibration, but at a one-quarter speed level. Even at low speed it was heavenly. The vibrating base stimulated my entire lower zone, front to back, while the rotating cock moved and vibrated inside, all designed to push every one of my female buttons.

As always, I was excited by the noisy crowd of men with their shouts, friendly insults, and lewd suggestions. As they cheered my arousal, I was consumed by sexual desires of the most outrageous kind. I was there to be slutty, to be overwhelmed as I entertained the men's deepest, cum-splashed fantasies. My willing and total commitment as the featured cunt was fully on display. That was the largest part of what made the event so much fun for me.

But the Sybian lifted me above concrete thoughts, into a different dimension, in orbit somewhere, far beyond normal consciousness. As the continuous orgasms began, I threw my head back, pushed my tits out and just gasped, whimpered, and moaned.
