 The actors in this script are of legal age. This is a work of adult erotic fiction and contains descriptions of sexual acts between consenting adults. If you're under the age of consent where you reside, delete this file immediately. If it is illegal to obtain adult literature where you reside, delete this file immediately. If it's entirely legal for you to read sexually explicit material, I hope you enjoy the story!

This story cannot be posted or reused elsewhere without the permission of this Author.

*

Part Two

11

The Student Endowment idea and process has been a stunning success for Nancy and Bill. They're not sure it is exactly what their parents had in mind but it's beyond their wildest sexual fantasies and the women chosen are certainly worthy recipients. The whole thing has fulfilled the deepest held desires for each other and for both to be having sensual sex with other wonderful women in the furs of their parents. They're getting more furs of their own in addition. Seems there is no such thing as too many furs.

One curious allowance in the Scholarship Trust is the rather large clothing allowance. It is bent toward endowing girls over boys. How much are they to make of these aspects of the Trust?

Nancy and Bill are not sure if their parents actually knew of their latent desires for each other or not. It could be why she was sent away to school? They are sure they knew of their desires for their furs and fostered them. Their own sexual and emotional desires for each other is now very clear. 

However, Nancy is making sure Pete Schumacher is invited to the party. She has fantasized having him make love to her since she started having sexual desires before she went away to school. The only unresolved "love" in her life. They had corresponded and eMailed while she was away to school. Some of them got quite sexually steamy, especially as she began having girl on girl sex at school. The fantasies of Pete screwing her in furs was her main fantasy 'till Bill took her virginity. She's intent on resolving the feelings one way or the other. 

House modifications are scheduled so as to not interfere with the party date. Nancy and Bill are actually surprised at how little they wanted to change things to their own tastes once they began to look at it more seriously. Seems they have more in common with their parents or was that learned from them than they thought. The house is a showcase in most every way. They love the modern heavy timber sprawling look their parents built. It's both comfortable and impressive. They did grow up here after all. It's sure easy to remodel.

The only significant changes have been for the new uses, functions and expanded occupancy. Big as the house is it was designed for just a family of four and normal functions with the occasional large party or business function. No new space is necessary but mostly reshaping the space available.

Maybe next year or so with the recruiting of new students a new dorm wing can be built. Mary, Ashley, Nina and Bridgett will be graduating eventually. Nancy and Bill's debate is over rotating as they graduate or recruiting a new group every two years or so. It's clear the quartet wants men as much as each other so Bill is eager to see how things go in that direction. He has more satisfaction than he needs or would ever desire in his wildest fantasies.

The current quartet is so fine that it would be a shame to upset the balance and loyalties. They decide to let things play out for the next year or so before deciding. Introduce other guys into the group first and see how that plays out. 

The party is set for early afternoon on the Saturday before classes start. Everyone will be in town. It's both a congratulations to the Endowed and welcome home for Nancy party. The weather promises to be sunny, nice and cool in the evening for the girls to wear their furs. The house has air conditioning so it can be kept moderately cool inside. It will be nice for the outside portion of the party to be "cool" for furs. The big remodeled greenhouse next to the kitchen will be a nice option for some. It looks like maybe up to 200 guests will attend. Nancy and Bill's parents would be proud and happy they're getting on with their lives so successfully.

The strategic party fur décor is not as blatant and obvious as with the interviews but if one of the girls collar some guy they should have all that is necessary for seduction. A few smaller rooms like the Parlors and Make out Room are well endowed with subtitle fur décor with more furs easily available but hidden. The girls have been rehearsing for weeks in advance to cover all possible scenarios. You can sense the anticipation of them all getting laid by different guys, even Nancy.

Bill is thinking it might be diplomatic of him to seduce another woman out of the party if only to head off any talk of his and Nancy's incestuous relationship. 

It's all planned so the more traditional and institutional guests are none-the-wiser. Those guests usually hang around the kitchen and living areas along with outside in the yard. There will be entertainment to keep them focused on the more conventional purpose of the party. It's planned from one until? Most will be leaving by eight or so after the outdoor cooking and main entertainment has wrapped up.

Bill is dressed in a dark green T-neck sweater and Mahogany Mink and leather vest with matching light wool slacks. Nancy has a bright orange thick weave cashmere T neck sweater and matching wool skirt. She's wearing her mom's Golden Sable vest everyone has seen her wear before. Red Fox tails scattered in her thick red hair. A true golden girl. The other girls are dressed in a variety of sweaters, skirts and furs from vests to jackets. Easily identifiable as Fenmoore's in fur.

Nancy is welcomed home by all who have not already and the girls are congratulated and reminded of how fortunate they are to receive such largess from such fine folks. Nothing any of them don't expect. 

Pete Schumacher arrives around three. He welcomes Nancy home, having not seen her yet. He has been out of town on a study grant since Nancy got home. He's absorbed into the party while Nancy makes her obligatory University related rounds before focusing on her personal agenda.

Bill has already targeted a "woman of interest". He's already going in and out on her, casually and repeatedly "running into her" throughout the house and yard. Circling for the seduction. She's an unattached young Professor at the University. He already knows she wants him. Reminiscent of when he was screwing every woman in sight.

Ashley is already seducing her prey. A young professor she will no doubt have any way she wishes. She's just figuring out when and where.

Mary is still circling as is Nina.

12

Bridgett is choosing now. She has her hooks into a local young Lawyer, Reginald, who teaches a few courses at the U. 

Reggie thinks he's putting the make on Bridgett who is reeling him in like a big fish. He's already all over her thick Arctic Fox vest thinking he's going to score for sure. Sooner than he thinks.

"Would you like me to take you on a tour of the house Reggie? You seem to be so interested in the décor."

"Oh yes I would Bridgett. It seems like such a comfortable place."

"More comfortable than you could imagine." as she leads him into the Entry. "This is where it all started for me and then I waited in here .. taking him into the Parlor .. for them to make a decision over my fate." She sits on the couch to close the trap. It's draped with furs and mounds of fur pillows. Reggie tentatively sits next to Bridgett with his hands suddenly folded in his lap. He's distinctly nervous and suddenly very shy. 

"You like the house so far Reggie?" as she pulls a few Red Fox pillows up around him and herself. "Cozy enough for you?" She was careful to surreptitiously lock the room door behind her. The Entry is designed so that if you weren't aware, you would think the door to the Parlor is a closet door.

Reggie is dumb-struck and tenting big time. He vainly attempts to hide his boner. His previous haughty machismo is a balloon without air as they both sit looking at his big tent. 

"You want me to help you with that Reggie?" unzipping his pants and parting the silt in his shorts his stiff cock springs out like a Jack-in-the-Box with a red swollen head as big. Reggie moans with relief and the sensual rush of furs wrapping around his tool. Bridgett has taken control of her prey and Reggie is fully aware he is her catch. 

He's struggling to keep from shooting all over the furs .. "Uh .. Bridgett .. I uh please .. I'm .." she's on his cock sucking in an instant and Reggie is hers as he unloads his lifetime supply all at once into her soft warm mouth moaning unrestrained. 

Bridgett just unwound Reggie who was wound sooo tight. When she feels his hands softly stroking her hair she knows he's hers. She strips his shirt from him and pulls down his pants, pushing him back into the furs. Getting more furs from the closet she's nude and in furs magically. He's helplessly squirming in the furs on the couch as Bridgett straddles his cock.

"Is this what you really want? Is it Reggie?" He's humping up to her, not quite able to touch her twat with a wild and pleading look, when she drops onto his stiff pole.

Reggie is out of his mind with desire for Bridgett by now and wildly thrusts up to her with her riding him. She slides back and forth on his cock, gripping it with her vagina muscles, jerking him off inside herself. He's quickly giving up more of his cum to her as she smiles sweetly down on his writhing body.

Bridgett falls on him with soft and passionate kisses which he willingly responds to. He hugs and fondles her with furs instinctively with her squirming on his body and cock. She can do with him anything she wishes now. 

13

Ashley has led her young professor in the other Parlor with a locked door. They are discussing her future course work while sitting in the furs of the couch when Paul quite unexpectedly pulls up some of the Lynx throw and begins fondling Ashley's breasts with it looking like he has no idea what his hands are doing.

"Paul .. do you realize what you're doing?" His hands jerk away and he looks like he just snapped out of a trance. 

"Oh my god Ashley!! I'm so sorry. Your breasts are just so .. oh my .. please don't get me in trouble!!"

"Don't stop now Paul. You were doing such a nice job. I was getting quite excited." said with a sweet smile. His hands were on her with the Lynx instantly and her arms are around his waist, pulling him closer. He's captivated by her wonderful breasts.

"You can slip that fur under my sweater if you'd like Paul. I'm sure it will feel much better. She's carefully unzipping his pants and he's so focused on her tits she's sure he doesn't realize his cock is about to feel the fur as well. Poor Paul has not been very successful with the women and is a complete buffoon at love making/ Ashley is loving his unconscious inept but sensitive attention to her. Such a willing and rewarding seduction she as going. Ashley's twat is twitching in anticipation of his sucking her to orgasm but first she has to unload those swollen gonads slipping the Lynx around his pulsing and now exposed cock.

"OH MY Ashley!!" looking down at his cock wrapped in Lynx.

"That feel good enough for you Paul?" with his head twisting around from the sensations and the excitement, unable to speak. She slips the tip of his cock between her lips and softly sucks. It's just enough. Paul feels like his insides are erupting into her mouth with his powerful pulses as he groans and humps her face. 

"Uuuh Ashley ... oh my you're so magnificent."

"Yes Paul? Now you do me .. OK?" and he's between her thighs in an instant sucking on her twat like a pro. She's slipping into an orgasm quickly to his eager and sensitive sucking. He has the fur fondling thing down as well. She's getting the passionate and loving attention she has been craving. Not that Bill isn't very, very good but this fresh and dedicated focus from an eager lover is sending Ashley over the top.

"Paul .. pulling on his arm ... fuck me like I know you want to." He looks up from her pussy with his wet smile and lunges up on her in a passionate wet kiss as he thrusts his substantial cock deep into her wet twat. He pumps her eagerly and wildly like it's the first time for him. Ashley is wild with the thrill of his passions. They screw for quite awhile. He's not a fader. This is an A course if she never needs it, not that she won't work very hard. She thinks she wants him for herself alone. With this eagerness he can't be out there screwing every coed in the U? He's not suppose to anyway so she has him!!

"Oh Ashley .. can we do this some more? I really want to see and feel you more .. please?" Yeah he's my keeper alright.

"Sure Paul. We can see each other more. You like sucking me out in the furs a lot don't you?" smiling with a coy look and touching his face.

"Oh my yes. It's the most thrilling thing ever in my life. Anything you want me to do. plleasee keep this a secret! I'll lose my job."

"I know sweet. I'm you're special treat. Just keep that thing in your pants for me. OK?"

****

Mary and Nina never find anyone they are the least bit enamored with. Another day?

14 Nancy finally zero's in on Pete. 

Pete is wandering around in the Library marveling over the facilities, computers and the furs Nancy and Bill seem to love so much. 

"What is it with Nancy and her furs? Her dedication to family for all their distancing her? It all seems so strange? Why did they send her away?" he's thinking while wandering through the warmth and comfort of her home. 

"Hi Pete. I've been looking all over for you. Nice room huh?" 

"Yeah. Great place to study. The girls have it really good. They seem to really like it here and I can see why."

"How did your study grant go this summer?" she's feeling distance with Pete she hadn't felt before?

"You know. Lots of work and not much play for sure. Did get to see what I wanted to of Boston though. Enjoyed that."

"Get much of a social life?" 

"A bit .. well enough to meet someone. I didn't get a chance to talk with you and it got more difficult with time .. I've met someone I'm interested in. I kind of felt we had a thing but it didn't have a place or time to happen .. you know .. life!"

"Yeah .. I understand. It's been really busy here getting back on track after our parents were killed and the Endowment thing and all. What's she like?" 

"She's great. What can I say?"

"You going to the U or somewhere else?"

"I got accepted to Boston U and I'm leaving in a few days." 

"I hope it all goes well for you Pete." 

Nancy isn't exactly devastated but certainly disappointed. She was looking forward to at least seeing how good Pete is if not a resolution to her feelings for him. Well he pretty much took care of that for her she's thinking as she wanders off to the rest of the party remnants. 

Ashley and Paul have emerged from their energetic lovemaking followed closely by Bridgett and Reggie who has a very big smile. Quite contrary to his normal frown. 

Paul is the one with the pussy eating grin though.

Nancy is cheered by this and is wondering where her brother is? She wanders off in search, careful to not make noises that might disrupt some proceedings. She kind of knew his agenda and watched his circling of Margo the other young Prof. A side of her brother she'd never seen. Much like a cat chasing a mouse.

She wanders back to the new "Make out Room" they had just put together for the girls when she hears the distinct sounds of fucking passions behind the door.

15

Earlier in the day Bill closes in on Margo.

Nancy was still doing her duty of the U circuit. He had sped his way through that to see Ashley and Bridgett wander off with their respective catches. This fired up his hormones and Margo began to excite him in ways he hadn't felt since his screwing around days.

Margo is an easy mark. She wants Bill so bad he can feel the heat radiate from her body. Just a touch to her face is enough. They talk around the subject for over an hour before he has her backed into the small room. It's mostly bed with heaps of furs and Margo has her clothes off in a heart beat wallowing in the furs. She's new to the fur thing but an eager learner. 

Bill makes her beg like he did Mary. When Margo gets it she's over the top. Bill screws her for over an hour and she wants more. She's never had anyone as good as Bill. This won't be the last time with Margo not that Bill has any great feelings for her. It probably would be good to do it with her on occasion to keep up the pretenses of his bachelor availability and he could do a lot worse he's thinking. Keep her to the Make out Room and maybe a few dates? 

Nancy is in the Library when they emerge and they don't see her. Nancy is decidedly depressed over the days activities. 

Getting back to the shrunken party group it's past eight and Margo is making her farewell talk with the others when Nancy comes in.

"Nice to have met you Margo and hope to see you again" she says politely if not enthusiastically. Bill and Nancy are hugging each other as she leaves, waving good bye. 

Ashley is still wrapped up with Paul and Bridgett with Reggie.

Mary and Nina are clearly disappointed, not that either Paul or Reggie would know but the rest do. Neither Mary or Nina want Ashley or Bridgett to feel bad about it but they do go to their respective roommates and hug them. The guys are not thinking anything odd about it all. 

"Well Paul .. Reggie .. will we be seeing you guys more often?" Bill asks.

"I sure hope so." Paul says with Reggie's "Yeah .. hope so too." Ashley and Bridgett both go back to the guys. 

They all sit around for about another hour or so talking as a group then both Reggie and Paul make their goodbye's as well.

16

They all chip in to do some mindless cleaning up. Not complete but the perishables and real trash inside anyway. A few dishwasher loads so it's not too depressing in the morning and some time for Nancy, Mary and Nina to calm down some from their depressions.

Retiring to their respective bedrooms .. 

"Are you as depressed as you seem Nancy?" Bill asks.

"Worse than I seem. Pete was a bust .. telling me he found someone new in Boston .. not that I was looking to run off and marry him. He's actually kind of a dimwit .. especially compared to you."

"So you're OK with him gone?" 

"Yeah."

"So why still so depressed?"

"Like you don't know?"

"Uh .. Margo."

"Yeah .. Margo. Not like I don't understand the perception thing and I'm sure you're not in love with her. Sure didn't see any signs of that for sure but no sooner did I get 'the news' than I go by the Make out Room and hear you fuck pounding the shit out of Margo. I sure would have liked a good fuck about then myself."

Bill has her in his arms stroking her with furs and nuzzling her hair.

"I won't say Margo was no fun but I'd rather had you any day or either of the quartet for that matter." 

"Ashley and Bridgett sure scored today. Wonder how Mary and Nina are feeling. Nina is so in love with Bridgett. I hope it doesn't crush her."

"Well Reggie is a nice guy and all that but he is a Lawyer after all."

"I think Ashley's is serious."

"You feeling better dear."

"You never called me dear before .. you know?"

Nancy pushes aside the furs over Bill and swings over only to find he has a major woodie sticking straight up. 

"Well ... what have we here ... Thinking of Margo?" she says with a smirking smile as she slips her twat down on his shaft with a deep exhale.

17

"Was Paul real good Ashley?" Mary asks as they slip into the furs for the night.
