 My wife Amy and I have been married for almost 13 years. We are high school sweethearts, and to be honest, until a few years ago we had never slept with anyone but each other. Then during one eventful trip to Jamaica, that all changed. Since then we have expanded out sexual horizons and are more in love than ever. Amy is a petite 5'4", with ample chest and a body that would shock you for a mother of 2. She's usually very shy and a sexual introvert. But when she's in the mood, the tiger comes out!

It had bas almost 4 years since our last trip, but we have finally returned 'home'. As the bus pulls up to the front desk we see so many of our old friends waiting for us. Standing curbside enthusiastically waiting for their first hug are John and Anna, the real "John and Barbi" of our group. Next to them are Julie and Bill, our best friends outside of Jamaica; Aaron and Jen, the party couple; and Trent and Kriss the 'innocent' couple. Our first lovers Marina and Rob are even there. God it is good to be home.

After settling into our room we quickly strip down to nothing and head over to the Quad bar to see our favorite bartender, Kadien. We spot her from across the pool as she waves at us with a big smile on her face. "AMY, AMY!" She yells to us as she sets a cup of her special mix onto the bar.

The rest of day one and day two go as usual. Sitting around the in-pool bar all day, drinking too much. Enjoying the company of our best, and naked, friends while catching up on all that has happened since we last met.

The meals are normal, nothing special. But then again nobody comes here for the food. The night life is as expected, half naked people on the dance floor and making out in the corner. After a few days we all settle down into our old routines. 

By midweek everyone can feel the sexual tension in the air as most people can't keep their hands off each other. I don't know how many times I walked up to the hot tub to find you sitting on John's lap playing with his hair, or Rob sneaking up behind you fondling your chest. And every chance we get Julie and I sneak away for our own personal "nap".

One night after leaving the disco we all decide to head to the nude side and get into the hot tub. Apparently we become a bit too rowdy because soon after we are the only ones left.

Jen, the instigator of most trouble, suggests we play a game of truth or dare. It's not like anyone has anything to hide so we all decide to play. Jen claims first go.

"Anna, truth or dare?", she asks.

"Let's start easy, truth."

"How many of the cocks in this hot tub have you had in one hole or another?"

"Wow, I think most of them at one time or another. Some just playful sucking...but I think I've had them all."

With no denial form the crowd Anna moves on, "Julie."

"Truth."

"How many men, other than your husband, have you slept with this week?"

"Well, just one," she responded eyeing me. Slowly everyone turned to me admitting they knew our secret.

"Don't hate," I say to them as they all bust out laughing.

After a few more rounds of truths and spilling naughty secrets John finally breaks the ice and takes a dare from his wife Anna.

"I dare you, to go around the hot tub and kiss every girl, for one minute."

You start getting excited because you are the first girl on his left. Ever since our first trip you have had a huge schoolgirl crush on him. For seven years now John has been your ultimate goal to bed down. Your heart sinks however when you see him turn the other way towards Julie. 

Anxiously you watch as one by one John approaches and kisses each of our friends. With Julie and Kriss he is soft and tender. His hands gently caressing their face as they stroked his naked wet back and ass. Others are more passionate, making you think they were about to make love right there on the spot. He stops in front of his wife Anna and she shoo's him along saying "I get that every day, let the others enjoy."

Then... he reaches you. You close your eyes as he holds you face in his hands. You feel his soft lips connect with yours as you slowly loose yourself in his passion. Suddenly you find yourself reaching out and grasping his swollen cock under the water, lightly stroking it in and out. Not expecting the extra attention he pulls you in tighter as your tongues dance back and forth. With one hand caressing his balls and the other stroking him you pull him as close as you can. We all look upon you knowing the minute has expired but not wanting to tell you to stop. Everyone knows the massive crush you have on the hunk and no one wants to end your fantasy. 

Finally you slowly end your embrace as your lips draw apart. His cock slips from your hands as he pulls away and returns to his seat. You look as if you have just come down from an orgasim as you slowly return to your senses.

John looks at you and asks, "Amy, truth or dare?"

"Dare me!" You respond still in a daze.

"I dare you to sit on the lap of each guy, for one turn each."

I can see the excitement cross your face as you stand up and return the favor to John, by making him last. I watch you strut right past me, water glistening off your beautiful body, as you turn and gently sit down onto Bill's lap. His hands casually roam your body while you dare Kriss to kiss Jen. After they kiss you stand and move to Aaron planting yourself firmly onto his lap. You can feel his cock growing harder as it presses against your pussy lips. Kriss turns to Trent who says truth. You can tell Aaron want's to be inside you as he tries to reposition his hips for better access. Grinding onto his lap you can feel his cock spreading your lips apart as he tries to penetrate you.

Kriss asks Trent, "Of the women you have not slept with, who do you want to fuck tonight?"

Trent turns 10 shades of red as he lowers his head and whispers "...Amy". You stop your grind on Aaron at this revelation. You shyly look at Kriss, Trent's innocent wife, who gives you a quick naughty wink. 

You stand up again moving to the next man in the circle. Rob smiles at you as you walk towards him, knowing several years ago a line has already been crossed between you two. He adjusts his seating as you turn around and lower yourself onto his lap, causing his cock to slide easily inside you.

I can tell from the look on your face Rob is fucking you slowly, as you rock your hips.

Trent looks over at me and asks "truth or dare".

"Dare" I declare to him.

"I dare you to sit on the edge of the hot tub, and receive a blow job from a random woman, and you have to guess who it is."

I hop up onto the edge of the hot tub, revealing my raging hard on that has grown substantially since watching you ride Rob. Anna uses the belt from her bath robe to blindfold me as I hear all the girls deciding who will get to give me a treat. 

With Rob's cock satisfying your pussy, you watch as Kriss is chosen to please me. Blinded I am unaware of who is coming or what I am in for. I feel hands grasp my cock and slowly stroke my wet rod. Next I feel lips gently kissing my stomach, working their way down until I feel a soft kiss on the tip of my wanting manhood. The warmth of her mouth is amazing as she pushes down my rod until her lips are resting at the base. I can't believe how deep she has taken me, it is absolutely amazing to feel her tongue stroking the underside of my cock as her hands gently fondle my balls. Up and down her wet lips stroked my cock from base to the head.

Sitting on Rob's lap, grinding his cock deeper into your pussy, you watch as Kriss licks and sucks my cock again and again. Taking my well lubricated rod in her hand she strokes me faster and faster as she continues to lick all round the head. You can tell by my sounds and face I can't last much longer. Kriss can tell as well. Stroke after stroke she brings me closer to climax, but right before I can hold on no longer, she stops, giving my head one last kiss, denying me the orgasim she has created. 

Retreating back to her seat, Kriss blows you a sexy kiss before sitting down. I sit on the edge of the hot tub, hardly able to move, and take off my blindfold. Anna asks "So big boy, who was it?"

"I have no idea. But who ever she is, she's an angel...and a devil to leave me that way". No one speaks, determined to leave me in the dark as to who my mystery woman was. "Anna, truth or dare," I say between heavy breaths.

"Wait," calls out Trent. "Amy still needs to rotate," he says knowing he is next.

You stand up expecting a fairly uneventful round, but when you lower yourself onto his lap you are surprised he has perfectly aimed his penis to slid directly into your now open pussy. With a sudden deep breath you settle down onto his surprisingly large cock. It stretches you wide and fills you with a great satisfaction. You suddenly realize that with our morning love making event, Rob and now Trent, this is the third man to be inside you today, and you relish the thought grinding him deeper into your pussy.

"Truth," Anna finally replies.

"Was it you?" I ask practically begging to know who it was.

"No," she replies quickly. "Amy, you have one lap left, and truth or dare."

You can feel Trent sink below you, saddened his time inside your tight pussy is so short. You stand up excitedly knowing the man of your dreams is next. You pray he will be as sneaky as Rob and Trent, bringing your daily cock count to four. Lowering yourself onto his lap you feel the tip of is beautiful cock touch your lips, you do everything you can to slide him inside your wanting pussy but you can't make it happen without being completely obvious. You settle down onto him as his cock slides between your lips, brushing against your swollen clit as you come to rest on his lap.

"Truth," you say with a clearly saddened voice.

"I need time to think of something good," Anna says, "I think its time for a round of drinks." She shoots you a look that makes it clear she is giving you as much time with her man as she can. 

It takes every ounce of your will power to not just jump up and slam him inside you. So you just rock on his hips as his head rubs back and forth against your clit. I see his hands begin to roam up and down your hips, slowly caressing your breasts and fondling your nipples. You lower your and into your lap and with a single finger begin to caress the underside of his cock making it twitch harder against you. If only you could have him inside you.

Anna returns and hands out drinks before setting back down into her seat. "Amy," she asks, "Three part truth, are you ok with that?"

"Of course," you respond, knowing that will only give you more time to figure a way to get John inside you.

"Ok, one, have you ever been with a woman?" she asks.

"Yes."

You start pushing John's cock back and forth, masturbating your clit with his cock as Anna starts her second question.

"Two, is your first woman in this hot tub?" she asks, thinking she has cornered you into confessing who your first was.

"No," you respond. They have no idea about our first night at Hedo many years ago. Clearly everyone is surprised by your answer. They must believe they are who corrupted us, now they know we were corrupt long before we knew them.

"Really, okay, three, have you ever been fucked by a woman with a strap on?" she asks.

"Actually, no," you respond.

Looking at you with a sneaky eye, "Well then, would you like to?" she asks.

"You only said three questions, I guess you will have to figure that one out another way," you tell her.

John begins to nibble on the back of your neck and whispers in your ear, "Well sexy, it seems our time is up, I'm sorry I couldn't keep you longer." You stand up and turn around to him, kissing him on the lips.

"I think we can find time later, the week is young," you say before returning to your seat.

At this point it is clear most people are getting tired and ready to head back to their rooms and finish the night with a little more 'personal' time. One by one everyone drys off and heads back to their rooms. We remain and watch the parade of wet, naked and sexy asses walk out of sight.

"I don't think we are done yet," you tell me, "lets go out to the pier."

Hand in hand we make the short walk to the pier jetting out from the nude beach. You casually lean against the side rail as you look down the beachfront. Putting my arms around you we cuddle together, looking at the beautiful beach of our second home.

Throughout the night my desire for you has grown and grown as I watched you doing so many dirty things with other men. You start to grind you hips against me begging me silently to fuck you. You are so excited form your evening of play that your pussy is dripping wet as I slide inside you. Holding your hips I rhythmically slide in and out of your tight pussy. As the waves crash beneath out feet, writhing together we are consumed by our passion. In and out I pump my cock inside you, faster and faster.

"Oh yes, fuck me!" you beg as I push harder and harder into you.

As I continue to fuck you something catches our eye at the edge of the pier. I slow my rhythm as we both watch someone walking towards us. The lighting of the resort creates a halo as the sensual female shadow struts down the dock. As she draws near we identify our beautiful, completely naked friend, Anna. It's amazing how sensual she is, step by step drawing near. Now only a few paces away I see she isn't completely naked, no, she is wearing a long, thick, strap on. Each sway of her hips causes the fake cock to bounce back and forth. 

"You look like you need a break big boy. How about letting me have a turn?" she asks before giving me a passionate kiss.

I slowly withdraw from your pussy, step to the side and take a seat on a lounge chair as Anna takes position behind you. You are still leaning over the pier rail holding your ass out, inviting her to take you. I lay there watching her take the massive cock in her hand and begin to rub it up and down your wet slit. Inch by inch she pushes inside you, filling you more than you have ever felt before. You can't believe how her strap on is stretching your pussy farther open and she keeps pushing in more and more. Right when you are about to beg her to stop and say you can't take anymore, you feel her soft skin contact your ass. For a moment she remains there, holding her massive fake cock deep inside you. Leaning forward she wraps her arms around you, pressing her large supple breasts against your back. Leaning forward causes the cock to push forward against your engorged G-spot. 

An orgasim overcomes you as you scream for her to fuck you. As your body begins to shake Anna pulls back and starts to fuck your stretched pussy. Over and over she slides in and out. Your body rocks with hers as she fills your pussy then leaves it empty. She begins to increase her pace as you push back, meeting each stroke with your ass causing a loud slap.

"Fuck me, god yes fuck me harder!" you demand as she slams her large strap on inside you again and again. "Yes, ahhhhhhh," you cry as your body quakes uncontrollably. I can see you holding onto the railing so tight as your body is overcome by a massive orgasim.

You and Anna stand there embraced together. As she backs away I watch as her enormous cock slowly withdraws form your pussy then flopping down against her legs. She unhooks the harness and it falls to the floor as she embraces you. For several minutes I watch on, slowly stroking my own cock as you and Anna caress each others bodies and softly kiss. After you have calmed down enough she whispers something in your ear and you both turn to me. Side by side holding hands you walk to me, each taking position on either side of my lounger.

Kneeling down at my sides, you both start running your hands up and down my body. My hard on is begging to be touched as you both grasp it in your hands. The sensation of 4 hands stroking me up and down is amazing. Looking down upon two beautiful women, both twisting their hands up and down my cock is a site to behold. Then you both lean in and begin licking me. The feeling of two tongues, sliding up and down my rod is almost too much to handle. Then suddenly Anna takes me completely in her mouth as you continue to stroke me. You both take turns, passing my cock back and forth, lick and sucking me, stroking up and down.

Then as both your tongues meet at the head, you begin to kiss. Deep and passionate your tongues dance back and forth while you both continue to stroke me. Slowly, you both stand leaving me below you as I watch your hands wander back and forth. Then without a word, your break the embrace and Anna straddles me. Lowering herself to my lap, my cock easily slides into her wet, wanting pussy. You take place beside me, stroking my chest and softly kissing my face. Anna beings to rock back and forth harder and harder, riding me with every bit of her energy. I can feel her tight pussy gripping me and pulling my cock as I slide in and out. Over and over she rides up and down on me, causing her large breasts to bounce beautifully above us.

I can feel her pussy gripping tighter as she closes her eyes and forces my cock deeper inside. We both begin to breath harder and harder as our mutual climax nears. My hips begin to buck, meeting hers as we both begin to scream. 

"Cum inside her," you whisper me. "I want you to cum deep inside her pussy."

Your words push me over the edge as my cock begins to convulse sending stream after stream of cum into her pussy. Anna claws at my chest as she is also overcome by her own orgasim. Her pussy pulses and pulses around my cock, drawing more cum from me. 

Anna collapses onto me as we all come down from our post orgasmic high. You and I embrace her, caressing her soft skin. After several minutes of holding each other Anna says "I think I'd better get back to my room. I told John I just wanted to show you my new toy. But I guess I got a little carried away."

With a soft kiss to each of us she stands up, retrieves her toy and struts back town the pier. The light silhouette around her is amazing as we both watch her beautiful body walk away.

Lying together on the lounger we embrace in post sexual bliss. Listening to the crash of the waves and chirp of the birds we both drift off to sleep. Its the end of another beautiful day at our home away from home.