 The actors in this script are of legal age. This is a work of adult erotic fiction and contains descriptions of sexual acts between consenting adults. If you're under the age of consent where you reside, delete this file immediately. If it is illegal to obtain adult literature where you reside, delete this file immediately. If it's entirely legal for you to read sexually explicit material, I hope you enjoy the story!

This story cannot be posted or reused elsewhere without the permission of this Author.

Characters:

Walter and Mary Fenmoore      Ashes in a jar.
Nancy and Bill Fenmoore         Daughter and Son.

Endowed:

Mary       Five/six, shoulder length medium auburn, full medium breasts.  
               Re-interview. A live-in keeper and Ashley's lover. 
Nina       Thin, five/eight, mousy blond, gray eyes, smallish breasts and nervous.
               Seduced in interview. Nancy's pet. Permanent live in and Bridgett's
               lover.
Ashley     Five/eight, blue eyes, short pageboy dark hair, generous breasts and
               JLo lips.
               Seduces Nancy and suck off Bill. Re-interview, live in and Mary's lover.
Bridgett  Five/nine, blue eyes, blond, buxom. Re-interview seduction by Nina and
               her live in pet.           
Paul        Ashley's new boyfriend.
Don        Mary's new boyfriend.
Reggie and Keeler   Nina and Bridgett's new sex slaves.
Kyle        Nina's new conquest.


Part Three

20

The following week is the first week of classes and all are frenetically scrambling to get their academic lives in order.

Bill is in his Senior year now and having to get his focus on wrapping up his undergraduate work in top condition to compensate for his first two years of screwing off. Women are all over him like never before! What's with this? "At least I had to kind of work at it before? Is there a 'Sex Now' sign around my neck?" he's thinking.

Nancy is wanting to start at the top and stay there. Her promise to her parents and herself. She finds herself in a curious situation as the target of every hot guy on campus and fawned over by Professors for her and her brother's endowment situation. They also would all like very much to get into her shorts.

The quartet of girls are all wanting to do their very best as well. Just because they are all screwing with their Donors doesn't mean they can screw off academically nor do any of them want to. The built in competition to do well was subtly planted in them by both Nancy and Bill in their interviews and their sexual relationships. No slackers here.

Mary finds herself in a situation she has never experienced before. Given her sexual awakening with the Fenmoore's and the other girls she is not the same shy and tentative girl that left for her endowment interview last spring. Even her jealousy over Ashley having a new lover hasn't upset her the way it might have a year ago. A year ago she would never have dreamed he would have a girlfriend as a lover! 

Of course her being dressed as a Fenmoore in fur has guys falling over themselves to get at her. She is suddenly aware of a sexual confidence that she's never known. Being who she is and still having maintained her sweet and demure shyness only goes to drive the guys even more insane over her. Mary has more potential lovers than she could possibly have in a lifetime. She confidently decides caution and reserve can serve her best. Sexual desires and frustrations are not going to decide for her.

****

For all her early sexual frustrations Nina is now also surrounded by more choices than she could ever have imagined. The true girl geek turned rose in furs has guys following her around campus. She struggles to keep the temptation of her new found powers from going to her head realizing she could be screwing with guys 24/7 now. She realizes her true passions really are for Bridgett and they both want guys but together. Her turn to bring home a catch.

Nina is sitting in the Student Center, the campus gathering lounge, when another young gorgeous blonde comes over and sits beside her. 

"Hi ... I'm Keeler. Love your fur. Not many girls have the guts to wear such wonderful furs on campus!" .. boldly stroking Nina's sheared Phantom Beaver jacket much like Bridgett does and having the same effect. Nina is unconsciously smiling.

"Yeah .. it's part of my scholarship clothing allowance."

"Must be some kind of scholarship! Kind I'd sure like to have."

"So you like fur?"

"Yeah .. and you're real nice too." Shit a girl coming on to me!! Nina's panties are damp in an instant. 

"So what's your name?"

"Nina .. and it's the Fenmoore Endowment. You're cute too." brushing her cheek with her big fur cuff. Keeler lets with a soft moan. She could be Bridgett's sister as her mind fantasies the two of them making love to her in furs. Bridgett would like her too she is thinking. So another girl? Why not?

"You new too?" 

"Yeah ... Freshman. Want to get together some time?"

"Sure .. don't really know anyone yet."

"See you here tomorrow? Same time?"

"Sure." gripping Nina's fur covered arms. Nina hugs her and kisses her lips lightly. Keeler moans and smiles very big and is bouncing off like a little girl. Nina is about to orgasm she's so excited over having just seduced a strange girl. She calls Bridgett on her cell to make sure she's here tomorrow to reel her in. Nina doesn't say why she has to be there. A surprise treat for her.

****

Ashley and Paul are with each other in English Lit. He's beside himself with excitement over Ashley and she's drinking up the attention. She knows they'll be together this weekend. Her twat is twitching. They meet regularly now on campus and off. She knows they'll be spending more time in the Make Out Room together. She just hopes Mary is not too upset. Unknown to her Mary has been doing a considerable amount of very subtitle flirting from the first day on campus.

While Ashley and Paul are screwing like minks in the furs of the Make Out Room Mary is drifting off to dreams of several guys she flirted with today, trying to figure out which one or maybe in which order to take them? Not that she's going to become the campus fur whore but she's decided she's going to have hers and soon. She's enjoying this shopping trip more than any of her life and she's going to select her "purchase" carefully. She knows that only the best will do.

21

After a few weeks classes Mary has found her groove and it's going very smoothly. Several of her Profs are hot for her and she knows she'll get a good grade even if she doesn't hit a lick. That's not her way however, though she won't mind the plus to her B or A grades and the occasional praise. One Grad student class monitor is very interesting though and not in a position to effect her grade.

His name is Don Denman and Mary has decided she wants him. Don is a nice looking, tall with short brown hair and beard and quite unassuming. Equal in intelligence and similarly modest. Mary knows she can have him anytime she wishes. He has definitely noticed her and 'follows' her around. Not exactly stalking her but he's quickly figured out her groove and is almost always where she is when she shows up and always at least says Hi. More often a bit more. Mary decides it's time to bed Don in her furs and let him 'have' her.

She wears her dark reddish brown Fox vest with a particularly soft maroon cashmere T-neck sweater without a bra on Friday knowing she would take Don and have him for the weekend. She's getting her lunch at a favorite place and sure enough Don is sitting at a window table for two alone. She knows he saw her come in and intentionally ignored him. 

She pays taking her tray directly over to his table and sits without a word. She takes her time arranging her food plates and things, then she looks straight at him with a soft smile, her vest parted, framing her breasts gloriously. Don's eyes are fixed on her tits with their large firm nipples quite visible through the soft cashmere. She takes her time and lets the moment happen for him, doing nothing to distract him from his focus. She has him mesmerized and fixated as she slightly jiggles her breasts with her movements to eat. They rub softly against the Fox lapels. 

"Enjoying your lunch Don?" she says quietly and softly. She almost doesn't get his attention.

"Hi Mary. Nice to see you." he says without hardly being distracted from looking at her wonderful tits. 

Mary has become very proud of her tits what with Bill's and the others attention to her. They are quite firm and perfectly formed with a nice bulge at the bottom and a nice swoop down from the top. Just the thought of Bill, Nancy and Ashley sucking on her tits has her nipples growing before Don's eyes. His looking is certainly helping her thrill.

"Would you like to see them better and more completely Don?"

"Huh .. uh .. Oh god! I'm so sorry!" he looks away quickly.

"Now don't you go looking away! I was really enjoying that." she softly retorts and his eyes as quickly return. "Now isn't that better?" as she jiggles her right tit just a little with her left hand cupping it from below rubbing it against the Fox. Don groans softly then she reaches over and touches his bearded cheek. "I know you've been stalking me."

"Uh .. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to annoy you or upset you .. you're just so uuh .. so beautiful and smart too. I couldn't help myself."

"I'm so glad you can't .. help yourself that is. I wouldn't want you to be consciously stalking me as a sex predator. I'd have to shoot you."

"Oh my .. am I in trouble?"

"It might be the kind of trouble you would like to be in. What would you like to be doing with me now Don? Honestly." long pause.

"Is this some kind of trap?" 

"To be honest Don .. yes. But I think it's the kind of trap you would want to be caught in. You certainly seem to like my breasts? So what do you want to do with me Don?"

"Honestly?"

"Honestly!"

"I'd like to make love to you and fondle you with those wonderful furs you wear."

"Now that wasn't so hard, was it?" 

"Do you mean you want me to?"

"Why don't you come over this evening at six for dinner and find out?" slipping him her address.

****

Nina meets Bridgett at the Student Center when Keeler walks up to them. Bridgett is visibly exited over her and Nina is already stroking Keeler's new Silver Fox jacket. She caught on so quickly. 

"Hi Keeler. Love your new fur! This is my friend Bridgett." wrapping her arm around Bridgett and pulling the three of them close together. Bridgett instinctively strokes Keeler's fur as well.

"I can see why Nina was so taken with you. Maybe we could get together soon?"

"Oh .. can we? I would love that." bouncing like before in her little girl sort of way. Bridgett is beside herself with sexual excitement.

"Dinner this evening? Maybe six?" Nina offers. She had gotten a call from Mary shortly before and it's a small dinner party tonight of lovers. Paul is going to be there with Ashley too.

Keeler is beside herself knowing she's about to have the lesbian experience she's so wanted. She never felt comfortable in high school connecting with another girl though several would probably have made love with her. It was all too close to home and too complicated which is why she was so looking forward to college.

They are about to separate for classes when Keeler kisses both Nina and Bridgett with light and soft but full mouth kisses. "See you two tonight." she says with a super coy girlie smile. Both Nina and Bridgett are soaking with excitement. 

Bill and Nancy decide to take off for the weekend for some alone time and so the girls can feel free to make out in any manner they wish.

22

Nina rushes home early after class to make dinner. She has basically become the house organizer since her first morning with Bill and Nancy. The other girls chip in and help but she has become the recognized organizer and main chef. She loves doing it and it gives her a greater sense of accomplishment and power. Something her upbringing deprived her of. One of the many self fulfillment 'benefits' of the Fenmoore Endowment.

When the others begin to trickle in around four they chip in as usual and Nina goes to prepare herself for Keeler. Bridgett is right behind her and they can't resist fur fondling and gently fingering each other for a few moments. Their mutual sexual tension is in the air.

Keeler is first to arrive in her eagerness and Nina is there wrapped in a Golden Sable coat to let her in. Keeler nearly faints. She's still wearing the Silver Fox and melts into Nina's arms for a slobbering tongue tangling passionate kiss that is only interrupted by Bridgett pulling her into her dark Sable coat and continuing the passionate seduction. Nina wraps around them both.

Keeler moans loudly with Bridgett's hand running up her thigh pulling at her silk ruffly panties and slipping a finger into her wet twat. Keeler is theirs for eternity. "Oh yes Bridgett!!" she says in a soft moan.

They are interrupted by Don knocking on the door. In his eagerness he's ten minutes early as well. Nina opens the door and Don nearly passes out. Nina had let her Sable fly open, displaying her nudity. "Oh god, I'm sorry!! Please don't tell Mary. She'll kill me." Bridgett and Keeler are still in an embrace to the side of the Entry and Don is mesmerized by their erotic embrace. What an introduction for Don who is struggling to seem cool about it all. 

"You go in the Parlor there" and Nina directs him into the 'secret' Parlor she was first seduced in. It's draped in furs for the weekend's sexual festivities. Don doesn't hesitate after getting his furry and nude introduction. He sits in the middle of the fur draped couch and is quickly fur fondling himself without undressing. He hasn't gotten up the nerve for that yet. Besides Mary hasn't shown yet. she's about ten minutes late so he has ample time to get really cranked up over the furs and the introductory images of three beautiful nude girls making out, draped in opulent furs.

It's a few moments before Don realizes Mary is inside the Parlor. He's wrapped in the Fox throw with his face buried in fur pillows. 

"So you like the furs Don?" He drops the pillow with a start. "Don't stop on my account Don. Here let me help." slipping off his shirt. She is dressed in a flowing Arctic Fox coat and presses up against his freshly exposed skin with her coat, letting the lapels part, exposing her marvelous bare breasts Don has coveted. Mary wraps her thick sleeved Fox arms around his head and pulls him to her breasts.

Don is momentarily confused over which to suck first. His most extreme fantasy come true. He goes for her left tit and sucks it fully up in his mouth, compressing it slightly to fit it all in. Mary moans loudly from the pleasure and for his encouragement. Don's eagerness has Mary very excited and eager to get screwed but she doesn't want to rush things. Just a preliminary taste for Don.

"Let's go to the Dining Room now and eat Don." 

"Uuhh .. OK." he says meekly. 

Entering the Dining Room all the others are already seated. Ashley is wearing her long dark mahogany Fox vest. All the women are nude under their furs now including Keeler who was redressed in a full silver Fox coat. All the furs they are wearing are fur lined as well so they can fur fondle themselves or be fur fondled. 

"So Don .. did you and Mary just meet?" Ashley asks.

"Not really. We've seen and talked from nearly the first day of classes. She invited me over today."

"What you expected?" Bridgett asks with a big grin.

"Not really .. well I knew Mary wore furs all the time but I didn't really expect such a spread of furs nor everyone wearing them around the house like this!" 

"Do you like what you see?" Nina asks with a coy smile.

"Oh yes!!"

"Then Mary should go fix you up with fur too. You too Paul." Nina says.

Mary, Don, Ashley and Paul leave for the bedrooms. Mary takes Don into Bill and Nancy's closet and has him stripped in an instant. His cock is stiff as the bed post. Mary gets a big dark Sable cape with sheared Phantom Beaver lining and wraps him in it.

"There now. How do you like that Don?" 

"Ohhh Mary. I'm gonna cum I'm so excited over the furs and you!" his big cock sticking out between the Sable lapels dripping with precum. 

"Oh shame on you Don. You're suppose to hold that! Oh I'll take care of that for you." she says in mocking casualness and drops down on his cock, her hair draping and spilling around his cock with it fully in her mouth. Don moans loudly as he pumps his load quickly into Mary's sweet lips. She bobs on his cock energetically 'till he shoots another load, his body shaking as he moans even more loudly. He nearly collapses.

Mary cleans up and they go back down to the diner. Ashley has Paul in a Red Fox cape with a dark Squirrel lining. They are siting across from Mary and Don with Nina, Bridgett and Keeler around one end of the table kissing and fondling each other under the table with hands and bare feet. Nina has a big toe in both Keeler and Bridgett, diddling them with moans of pleasure. They're giggling and laughing like three adolescent girls. It had advanced quite a bit while the four were gone upstairs.

Mary feels Don's hand moving up her thigh as she reaches for the wine. "Stop that and I won't give you anymore wine." she says to him. She then reaches under the table and grips his now stiff cock with the fur. "So you like the fur then?"

"Stop that and I'll give you a D minus on your next paper." she strokes it more swiftly. "Keep it up that fast and I'll shoot all over everyone." he whispers in her ear. 

Mary giggles and kisses him, still gripping his cock. She can feel it get larger. 

"Now doesn't this beat hanging out with the boys and trying to pick up girls?" she whispers into his ear.

Things have gotten way too hot for Keeler and they dash her off with a cursory 'scuse me almost dragging her behind them. Entering Nina and Bridgett's room they fling her into the furs on the bed and she rolls over in them with a moan.

****

Nina spreads Keeler's legs and is sucking her out in an instant. Keeler is in orgasm with the touch of Nina's lips to her twat she is so ready for this. Bridgett is all over her torso with fur fondling and tit sucking. Keeler is in orgasmic heaven with these two. They can do anything they please with her now. 

Bridgett binds Keeler up in furs and fur sashes. They both then ravage her, taking turns sucking her out and 'forcing' Keeler to suck them out. She is very good from the first. Keeler has thought a lot about this moment and other than the furs so she's well prepared. She's getting off big time on the bondage. Being their fur slave is beyond her extreme fantasies, especially being tortured with Sable!!

****

"Are you ready to go up to my room Don?" letting Ashley know it's hers tonight. they'll have to use the Make Out Room or Parlor tonight. 

"Uh hu." he mutters, nodding. "Has Paul done it with Ashley in furs before?"

"Yeah. A number of times now. That's why I'm taking our room tonight for us."

Mary had brought many furs into their room from the fur closet and from around the house. Don is beside himself coming into the room. They embrace softly in fur at first standing beside the bed for quite awhile. Neither is in a rush. Don's stiff rod has slipped between both their fur coat's thick furry lapels and slipped between Mary's thighs. She's rubbing her labia lips against his stiffness while they kiss and fondle each other. Her wetness lubricating his cock very nicely.

He has aleady pulled up several other furs to increase the soft fur bundle around Mary to her utter delight as he rubs the tip of his cock harder against Mary's slit she moans softly, squirming against him slowly and smoothly. Having Mary previously released his fluid pressure Don is in no rush to ejaculate and brings Mary slowly to orgasm without penetration. 
