 The actors in this script are of legal age. This is a work of adult erotic fiction and contains descriptions of sexual acts between consenting adults. If you're under the age of consent where you reside, delete this file immediately. If it is illegal to obtain adult literature where you reside, delete this file immediately. If it's entirely legal for you to read sexually explicit material, I hope you enjoy the story!

This story cannot be posted or reused elsewhere without the permission of this Author.

THE NEWLY ENDOWED

Characters:

Walter and Mary Fenmoore Ashes in a jar and now              on the wind.

Nancy and Bill Fenmoore  Daughter and Son lovers.

Endowed, partners and lovers:

Nina   Thin, five/eight, mousy blond, gray eyes,     smallish breasts. Nancy and Bill's     permanent live in lover. Endowed     permanent live-in.

Kyle   Nina's new conquest and lover. Nancy's     new lover-on-the-side and permanent      live-in.

Keele  Nina and Bridgett's new eager sex slave     for all. Fenmoore groupie.

Bridgett Five/nine, blue eyes, blond, buxom.     Re-interview seduction by Nina and her     live in pet. Endowed live-in.

Brenda  New tall red head with nice tits. New Endowed live-in.

Mary 2  Medium Chestnut hair. Tall and avg.     build. New Endowed live-in.        Mary   Five/six, shoulder length medium auburn,     full medium breasts. Re-interview.     Endowed live-in who moves out.

Ashley  Five/eight, blue eyes, short pageboy dark     hair, generous breasts and JLo lips.     Endowed Live in who moves out.

Paul   Ashley's permanent boyfriend.

Don   Mary's permanent boyfriend.

Reggie  Odd man out the door.

25

Nancy and Bill take a few days for a trip to the mountains. Their parents wishes were for their ashes to be scattered in the mountains they so loved to hike and camp in. They reluctantly comply.

Wrapped in furs for the snowy hike with their favorite Red Fox lined sleeping bag for two of their parents, they go off to where they know their parents would have preferred being released.

It's a very high bluff overlooking a grand valley with their favorite huge snow covered mountain/volcano spreading across half the horizon in the background. It's the most magnificent place on earth. Bill and Nancy love coming here to retreat, make love and screw like wild animals buried in their furs and snow below the star covered sky. They now know it was their parents most favorite thing in life as well so it's totally poetic.

Placing the ash filled jar in the snow by their furry sleeping bag they make love and screw for hours 'till late that night. 

Wrapped in layers of Sable and Lynx with fur muckluks the incestuous son and daughter take the jar to the edge of the bluff with the rising moon covering the eastern horizon beside the mountain. Opening it the ashes flow on the up drafting breeze out and over the valley to the last grain. They seem to glisten by the light of the huge rising moon like stars themselves as they float on the breeze and scatter.

Nancy and Bill return to the warmth and comfort of their sleeping bag and make love in the rising moonlight deep in the snow 'till sleep overcomes them. 

26

Recently Ashley has been spending most of her time with Paul and Mary with Don at their apartments. Nancy and Bill have been generous with their using furs and of course they are still Endowed. This all occurred very gradual as they began to be more and more enamored with their mates, spending more and more time at their places. 

This has changed the atmosphere somewhat with Nina, Bridgett and now Keeler playing the dominant roles around the Estate. The fine points of this smaller set of relationships has become more focused and refined with more interest on Kyle and the girls options with one another. 

This is especially true with Nina and Bridgett.

Bridgett has made progressive efforts to dominate Nina when it was she that was selected as Nina's fur/sex slave which she initially was a very willing subject.

Nina has been mildly resenting this new effort on Bridgett's part and she wants to curb this tendency before it gets too far gone. Nina invites Kyle over for a private Bridgett surprise party. His second 'lesbian' experience after taking Keeler's virginity in the Library stacks. Kyle is excited beyond belief.

Nina got Bill to help her wire up a few spy cameras in hers and Bridgett's room so Bill and Nancy can witness her newly discovered sexual empowerment skills. They do this while Bridgett is at class of course. 

The bathrooms are arranged so they can be privately entered from several bedrooms so Nina has Kyle hide in Ashley and Mary's adjacent bedroom. 

One evening after all is arranged Kyle is ready to join in the sexual fun.

At a prearranged time he goes into the bathroom and peers through the partly opened door of the dark bathroom awaiting the right moment for the surprise. He's nude and dressed completely in furs of course. 

Nina begins seducing Bridgett with fur fondling and seductive tit sucking, diddling her and finally she entices Bridgett to suck her twat which she is masterful at doing. After she is well into doing this for Nina and with both of them being very sexually aroused and excited, Nina nods for Kyle to come in. 

Kyle is already astride Bridgett's thighs and is about to thrust his cock deep into her before she realizes there is a third person in the room. Bridgett initially struggles, trying to turn or escape but Nina has a firm grip on her hair and has her face tightly buried in her muff and pressed to her labia lips.

Bridgett is helpless and with Kyle's thrust into her warm vagina she moans loudly into Nina's twat and shakes with a powerful orgasm. Kyle had already gotten quite excited watching the two women making love and cums big time into Bridgett the moment she orgasms. She quakes and writhes in the furs with her orgasms as Kyle continues to pummel her tight twat with his excitement now over-the-top, lifting her butt higher for deeper penetration.

All three orgasm repeatedly for long moments. Screwing Bridgett this way is so very comfortable and easy for Kyle, he continues pumping warm thick cum deep into Bridgett. She finally yields and submits with her erotic pleasures heightened in the moment and has the orgasmic string and sexual excitement of her life while sucking her lover to orgasm and getting reamed so very well by Kyle.

"Now suck Kyle's cock Bridgett." Nina commands and Kyle pulls from her letting her roll over in the furs to him. She quickly has his slick cock fully in her mouth sucking him to yet another ejaculation which she swallows and keeps on sucking. Tasting her own spunk mixed with Kyle's is very exciting to Bridgett. Nina sandwiches her between her and Kyle as they kiss, hug and fondle each other and Bridgett.

They finally pull her up and hug her between them, exchanging kisses with Bridgett sucking Nina's tits while Kyle sits Nina on his stiff cock, still slick with their mixed juices and pumps her to orgasm several times. Nina strokes and fondles Bridgett in the midst of her own shaking orgasms over the incredible total thrill she's experiencing. 

Bridgett eagerly returns to sucking Nina's twat filled with spunk from Kyle and takes his cock up her twat again, thrusting back to him, squirming to take more of him into herself. They screw together for an hour or more before falling asleep together.

Nancy and Bill are fucking crazy over what they are seeing Nina do with Bridgett and Kyle on their monitor. A lot like Bridgett's first time with Bill and Nina. Reinforcing her status with them and her position in the household. They decide to have Bridgett and Nina in bed with them more frequently.

"You really like fucking Bridgett ... don't you Bill?"

"Yeah .. he says rather sheepishly .. especially with Nina. They really are so erotic together in furs, it's just such a trill. Bridgett's tits are so special."

"Maybe when I'm ready to get pregnant I can get Kyle to inseminate me .. in style. With Nina's permission of course. He looks so good at screwing both Nina and Bridgett. Might as well make it memorable .. right dear? Keep down the incest talk too."

The following evening Nina brings Bridgett with her to bed with Nancy and Bill. He can hardly contain himself. 

Bridgett almost immediately sucks off Bill while he hugs and kisses Nina. Nancy sucks out Bridgett sucking off Bill. Nina is thrilled beyond belief. 

"Do Bridgett Bill!" Nina commands and he eagerly flips her around. Nina grips her hair and pulls her face into her twat. Bridgett is eagerly sucking Nina while Bill pumps her twat from behind with great fervor. He's pumping her full of his jizzum almost instantly with the thrill. Bridgett is screaming into Nina's twat setting her off to a string of orgasms with Nancy fur fondling her and Bill. Bridgett loves being submerged and fucked in the furs. She squirms and writhes with her being furiously fucked, her face in Nina's soft muff, sucking her hard. 

Bill kisses and touches Nina softly through this energetic sex. He loves watching her nice little tits bounce with all the energetic action. Her face contorts in such sweet expressions of passion and intense focus during her orgasms. Nina so loves the loving attention and affection. She knows they both love her and will care for her, their number one fur whore.

Bridgett gets more fucking than she ever has and in the process they all bind her in furs while she is writhing in them. Nancy then swings her twat around and has Bridgett suck her while Bill swings over Nina to pleasure her. With Bridgett juices still dripping from his cock he thrusts into Nina from behind, sitting her on his stiff cock, gripping her tight to him in a powerful embrace. He fondles and presses her mound tight to his cock and pumps her on his cock, shooting more of his jizzum into her with excitement and pleasure. Biting and kissing her around her neck Nina totally surrenders to Bill's strong grip pressing her to his powerful body while he inseminates her. She's fur fondled from the front by both Nancy and Bridgett dreaming of the time when his seed will grow inside her womb. She shakes with powerful orgasms as she moans loudly.

Nina thrusts her sopping twat filled with Bill jizzum in Bridgett's face and pulls on her hair and grips her face into her twat once again. Bridgett sucks like a hungry dog at her pussy. Nina has completion when she commands her to suck off Bill's cock once more. 

With the last bit cleaned up they release her but she just lay there between them submissively, slowly and softly writhing deep in the furs, softly moaning. Nina is in a state of ecstasy from her screwing by Bill and her final conquest of Bridgett. The three hug and fondle her as she continues to orgasm uncontrollably and continuously. She looks up at the three with an angelic smile interrupted with soft moaning orgasmic spasms. Bridgett has found her place and is in constant orgasmic ecstasy. Nina's complete and perfect fur slave. Their complete fuck whore. 

27

Kyle shows up several days later for Nina at the house. He thought (correctly) that Nina said today? Nina and Nancy have arranged to share Kyle as they do Bill and this is Kyle's introduction to his seduction by Nancy.

"Come in Kyle. Nina isn't here but you can have a snack if you'd like, maybe just chat for a bit. We haven't had a chance to really get to know each other very well since you and Nina have become intimate."

Kyle is awed by Nancy's beauty for sure. Nina is very special and very sexy but Nancy captures his attention and sexual excitement as well. He suspects (correctly) there is nothing on under her magnificent Golden Sable coat. It's lined with Golden dyed Chinchilla. Kyle is already hopelessly addicted to furs with Nina so this is a guaranteed formula for his seduction. He's already visibly tenting.

"Uh I'm surprised she didn't let me know she wouldn't be here?" 

"It was sudden and I told her to take off that I'd look after you. She'll be back in a couple of hours if you want to just talk while you wait. She would be upset if you left." 

Nancy has already been seductively stroking her Sable and subtly rubbing her tits with the Chinchilla lining, giving him a subtitle sexy fur floor show, knowing she's nude under the fur. Kyle is transfixed to her graceful motions and the rolling softness of the Sable. He shakes mildly with excitement over the visual lush qualities of the furs. It would take a bulldozer to move him he's so transfixed with his vision of her in fur.

"She says she really likes you and hopes you like the rest of us as much as you like her. Do you think you could like me like that too Kyle?"

"Uh oh my yes .. you're real sexy for sure Mrs. Fenmoore." 

"Call me Nancy. We're about the same age." standing closer to him. He sat on a stool at the Kitchen counter and Nancy is slowly circling her prey as she begins to run her hand around his shoulders, his cock standing straight out under his pants now. 

"Wouldn't you like to get more comfortable .. maybe into a nice big fur about now Kyle? I know you like wearing furs too. Nina tells me everything .. whispering close into his ear softly .. Bet you can't stand not having one on seeing me wearing one .. huh?" rubbing her Sable across his face.

"Uhumm .. I wouldn't want to upset Nina ... Nancy increases her fur fondling of Kyle ... you think she'd be upset if I did that?"

"Not at all Kyle .. she says softly and seductively .. She wants you to enjoy yourself as much as you would with her here and I know the two of you love being in the furs together so you should just be comfortable and pleasured as much as you please Kyle. Let's go to one of the other rooms where we might find a fur for you." 

Nancy takes him by the hand like a little boy without protest to the Make Out Room. He's thrilled by her touch, her soft hand and doesn't know about this room at all. Remarkably there is a big reversible light brown Sable and Red Fox cape laying on the fur covered bed.

"Here is something just ordered for you Kyle ... letting her Sable slightly open, showing a bit more of her nudity ... so you should undress to feel the fur best ... standing with the Sable side open for him to slip into and rubbing the Fox against her nude body ... Kyle!!" He's numb and shaking with fear/anxiety/excitement.

"Oh Nina would be so upset with me. I really shouldn't."

"I'll guarantee she will approve Kyle. There is nothing you can do here to upset her other than NOT please us .. any of us." 

Kyle turns his back to her and begins undressing. With his briefs still on ... "OK I'm ready now for the fur."

"No you aren't Kyle! You haven't finished undressing!" so he reluctantly slips his briefs down and steps out of them, his back still to her. 

Nancy wraps the Sable around his bare body running her hands around him from behind and down to his crotch. She grips his cock with both hands in the furs, the tip just protruding past the lapels. She has her face to his neck .. Kyle lets with a loud moan and thrusts his cock forward with the overwhelming sensations.

She whispers softly into his ear .. "My what an incredible cock you have Kyle!! I'll bet you make Nina very happy with that. Is there something you would like to do with that right now Kyle?" as she strokes him softly.

"OH NO ... I can't Nina will drop me like a stone."

"It'll be our little secret Kyle. You can't tell anyone else anyway! I really think you want to please me now as much as I would like to please you. Certainly as much as you please Nina. Don't you think Kyle?" pulling Kyle around face to face. His arms automatically wrap around her waist as hers go over his fur and grips his buttocks with a Sable grip. She pulls him tight to herself. Kyle is totally seduce. He's overwhelmed with his passions for Nancy. He has been since he first met her.

Kyle's cock is between her thighs instantly, wedged between her labia lips. She rubs against his cock for long moments then leans back against the edge of the fur covered bed and lays back. She wants him in her quickly in case he has a quick change of mind. Kyle follows her, climbing up on his knees aside her twat, his stiff cock rubbing her soft muff, dripping precum and the juices from her labia lips. She's wet with excitement for Kyle.

"My god Nancy!! You're gorgeous!!" her full nudity laid out before him nestled in the most opulent furs imaginable as he thrusts his stiff cock fully up into her without hesitation. She's recording themselves for later viewing. "Oh my I hope Nina doesn't find out about this but I just can't help myself!!" 

"I'm so glad you can't Kyle. You feel so fantastic inside me." gripping his buttocks Nancy pulls him down fully into herself, nudity to nudity. They synchronously hump and moan with a ferocity and fervor new to Nancy. writhing like two snakes copulating. Kyle is beside himself with passion and desire for Nancy as he pumps her womb full of his warm thick cum. She can sense they'll make beautiful babies together and it'll be their little secret for now as Kyle consumes her deep in the furs. 

Kyle is uncontrollable with his humping and moaning he cums so many times into her warm womb. He wants so desperately to please Nancy he does all the things Nina and he has done plus some more that simply come to him in the moment. Screwing Nancy is a magical experience for Kyle. He knows he must have her again.

Relationships will be revealed in time as he is sucked into their inner circle, the web of soft desires and compulsions. Nancy will continue to have Kyle privately and regularly. He will become comfortable making love to Nina and herself. She's already addicted to being screwed by Kyle with his eagerness to please and pleasure her.

28

The relationships by the holidays have become reasonably stable and secure. Reggie was invited less and less, finally dropped altogether just prior to the holidays. It was mainly Bridgett's doing. He was never in the inner circle and her initiative in the first place. Nina finally pushes her for an explanation.

"He's just become so boring." and Bill replied:

"He's a lawyer after all. What did you expect?"

She's much more into her submissive role to Nina and the others .. mainly Nancy, Bill and Kyle. She has become addicted to Nina and Kyle ravaging her. She loves taking Kyle's or Bill's cock in her at any time and sucking out Nina or Nancy. Besides Keeler is her fur slave who she enjoys very much alone and in the small group. 

Keeler fits into the relationships very neatly and is such a fine overall pleasure. A dedicated inside groupie. Nancy and Bill would Endow her but her parents are quite wealth and she doesn't need it. Aside from being marginally ditsy which is a delight in many ways with her especially. She's quite smart and gets very good grades so she fits in every way. 

She's over almost all the time anyway, sleeping with some one. Nancy and Bill have awaken in the mornings and found her sleeping, in bed with them. She loves to suck Bill's cock and will do so anywhere anytime. Keeler is quite the exhibitionist and takes pleasure in pleasuring others in front of the others. She loves for the others to watch like when they are all watching TV together. She loves getting it in the Library stacks by Kyle or in other risky places.

Kyle now looks forward to the now regular and discrete intimate times with Nancy. It's actually increasing his affection and lust for Nina ... like they are bound together in some unseen way? Kyle is unaware Nancy and Nina have him on a schedule. Kyle is still unaware of the incestuous relationship between Nancy and Bill.

Kyle is also going through some major personality transformations with his subjection to Nina. He's gone from Geek to Super Stud overnight and it's having a big impact on his self image. His self confidence has improved dramatically. With his recent tryst with Nancy it has grown considerably more. Someone he though would never give him the time of day before and here he's making passionate love with her in the most incredible furs imaginable! Gotta be the luckiest guy on campus.
