 Return of Mrs. Aiyer - Trip to Agra

The three of us enjoyed the dinner together with wine. Initially they were reluctant to taste it but once they started, they both liked the taste & three of us finished the bottle between us in a short span of just 1/2 hour. Wine had effect on both of them & Sudha who was uncomfortable initially was comfortable & started talking. The conversation turned to sex as we finished the wine & ordered for dinner.

Mrs. Aiyer said, “I wanted you to have sex with Sudha. She hasn't been with a man for a long time.” “Sudha knows everything between us & initially she was reluctant but I don’t think she regrets it now.” Saying this Mrs. Aiyer looked smilingly towards Sudha.

Sudha smiled shyly as Mrs. Aiyer continued "I have been coaxing on Sudha since we landed in Delhi but she was little apprehensive. I think your drink did the trick” 

With still no response coming from Sudha Mrs. Aiyer turned to me & said "Naveen, just before you arrived she admitted that you were marvelous with her. So caring. She loved it, & now she is not thanking you directly.”

Sudha was nervous, I could read her face, to keep her comfortable I said, "Pleasure is all mine, night is still young & she has all the time to enjoy more".

Sudha continued eating her food & avoided eye contact with me. Mrs. Aiyer instead replied, “You know Naveen, this was her first oral experience.”

I looked inquiringly towards Sudha, she didn’t answer but her eyes said all. 

After finishing dinner we moved back to room. The effect of wine was clearly visible on the two ladies as they very cautiously walked. Once in room Sudha excused herself to go to the bathroom.

As Sudha disappeared in bathroom, Mrs. Aiyer gently kissed me on lips & said “I hope everything is going fine,” saying this she took my face in her hands and kissed me with real feeling, sliding her tongue inside my anxious lips and exploring the inside of my mouth. 

Our tongues found each other and joined in a playful dance. After a minute of two, I reached up and found her breasts, squeezing her boobs over her blouse. She started moaning with lust and pleasure and rubbed her hand on my hard-rock cock. 

I could not control myself & started removing her sari as we moved towards bed. Once sari was out I unhooking her blouse & pealed it off her body. Standing beside bed I slowly pulled down her petticoat & she was left in her bra and panty. The heat from her body ignited me & I removed my shirt and pant, and was in my underwear only. She smiled sexily as I took her in my arms and again kissed her all over. Pressing her boobs I quickly unhooked her bra, as I was unhooking her bra she pulled down her panty & helped me to pull down my underwear. 

Falling on bed she said "Time for me." It wasn't hard to understand what she wanted. 

“Tumhe pata hai mujhe kya acha lagta hai” (you know how to make me feel good). "Give me my real enjoyment” and she opened her legs, exposing her pussy for me.

I leaned forward and slipped a finger in her pussy causing her to moan. Slowly moving my finger in her pussy I moved my tongue & gently licked over her pussy avoiding her clit. Then I rested my head on her luscious pubic bush as tip of my tongue touched her covered slit. I pulled my finger out & replaced it with my tongue, tasting the salty wetness. My tongue hit her protruding love bud.

She moaned with passion. “Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh…! Naveen.” & pushed her pussy a little over my licking tongue, spreading her thighs wider. “Pleseaseeeeeeeeeeeee Lick my clit.”Her hairy slit split open, giving me complete access to her. I sucked her clit hard, flicking it with a rigorous up and down motion of my tongue. 

Mrs. Aiyer was tossing her head from side to side with pleasure. My tongue lashed her clit & entered her dripping slit and I started fucking her with my tongue. Mrs. Aiyer was moaning uncontrollably. She pushed her pussy over my flicking tongue, forcing it deeper inside her pussy. My tongue had begun hurting with continued efforts, so I withdrew my tongue & placed my left hand on her lightly haired pussy. I could feel the lips pulsing against my finger & I inserted two finger into her vagina and curled them searching for her G spot. I could feel the vagina walls sucking hard on my fingers as I immediately found the G spot. 

As I caressed the G spot lightly Mrs. Aiyer cried, ….uuuuuuffffff…. … aaaaahhhhh… aaaahhhhhh…. uuuiiiiii… .. aaahhhhh.. uuuummmmaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh…… oooooooohhhhhhh….." 

I asked her " kaisa laag rahaa hai tumhein (how is it.. how do you feel…) 

Mrs. Aiyer sighed and whispered ""Mmmmmmmmm, bahut achaa lug rahaa hai," (it is very fine…I like it) … badaaa majaa aa rahaa hai (I am enjoying) .aaaahhhhhh….. uuuuuhhhhhhhhhh….. oooooffffffff…."Nnnoooooooo, ooohhhh," she almost cried & stream of juice shot out of her pussy. she cried again, "Nnnooooo, tttoooo ggggooooooooodddd. 

This went on for several minutes & after that Mrs. Aiyer in her breathless state couldn't make much noise. Mrs. Aiyer was moving her hips up and down faster; I knew the moment was close, so I pulled my fingers out. 

Mrs. Aiyer moaned loudly & said "Stop! I can't take any more! Please.!" 

Not the one to stop, I joined three fingers and slowly inserted them again into her pussy & placed my thumb on her clit. Without moving my thumb I slowly pulled my fingers out, only to push back in and massaged that g-spot again. 

She cried oooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhiiiiiiiaaaaaaaaaaaaa" Naveennnnnnnnnnnn, yesssss!!!!!" she cried as her climax peaked, subsided then peaked again.

Knowing she has climaxed I stopped moving my fingers & pulled out. 

Mrs. Aiyer was breathing heavily with ultimate ecstasy. “Ohhhhhhhhhh… bahuttttt acha. That was simply superb. "Nobody has ever made me feel the way you do.” she moaned.

In our vigorous lovemaking we had all forgot about Sudha. As I was just about to move up I noticed Sudha standing beside us. I wanted to pull her to me but was not sure how she will respond to my lips coated with her sister’s juices. I stood up & patting gently on her face I said "I need to wash up a minute," & moved to bathroom to wash my face & brush my teeth’s.

As I came back I found Sudha’s clothes lying on carpet & two of them teasing each other’s nipples with pinches and kisses. As Sudha had her back to me, Mrs. Aiyer was first to see me coming back but continued with kissing & pulled Sudha tightly. In unison they moved together and pressed their breasts together and they were French kissing each other.

Mrs. Aiyer winked at me & squeezed Sudha’s big boobs, pinching and pulling on her nipples. Sudha moaned as Mrs. Aiyer moved one hand down to her pussy.I could make out from Sudha body moment that Mrs. Aiyer’s finger had entered her pussy. Sudha was now moaning softly but regularly. 

“Khade Khade dekheta rahoga?” (Are you just going to stand there and watch?) Mrs. Aiyer said catching me completely off guard. "Aaa Ja Naveen (Come join us Naveen)." 

I moved close to them & separating the two women, I pulled Sudha close to me and kissed edge of her lips. My arms held her tight to my body and my tongue explored her lips and then her mouth. Her response was to open her mouth wide and welcome my probing tongue into her warm wetness. I brought my tongue down and pressed my lips around her hard erect nipples sucking each one with loving care. Her nipples were so big and hard that they almost filled my mouth. While my lips held them hard, my tongue would dart across their surface and tease their aching tips. 

Sudha Moaned as I licked at her nipples. “Bite them,” she whispered and I grazed my teeth across one, then the other. As I was sucking & biting on one of the nipples, Sudha lifted the unattended boob towards Mrs. Aiyer mouth. Mrs. Aiyer held it in her hands & started sucking on the other nipple. Both of us were now sucking Sudha’s boobs. 

"Do you like to suck me down there (pointing towards her pussy)?" Sudha whispered in my ears. 

I looked up & nodded "yes" "Then come on,” she said & pushed my head down.

I knew she had like my eating her pussy & wanted me to give her more. I laid Sudha on her back and raised both her legs over my shoulder & asked Mrs. Aiyer to keep sucking her boobs. I kissed up the inside of Sudha's thighs & slowly kissing moved up to her pussy. As I reached her pussy, I placed a series of light kisses all over tasting her juices. I finished my tongue-bath with a long, hard, wet lick up her slit, from bottom to top. Sudha shuddered and thrust her pussy into my face. I pulled my face back & started a firm circular massage of her wet pussy. 

Sudha was now moaning loud in view of twin attack by Mrs. Aiyer & me. This continued for couple of minutes & then Mrs. Aiyer moved back & slid below Sudha’s leg (resting on my shoulder). I was not sure what she was up to & then I felt liquid warmth engulf the head of my cock as Mrs. Aiyer took it between her lips. She then slid her mouth down over my cock, sucking it into her throat, all the way to the base in one movement. While sucking my dick, she was looking up at my eyes and her eyes were filled with lust, joy, pleasure and satisfaction. I moved my attention to Sudha & bent my head toward her warm wet pussy. She made contact with my lips and I thrust my tongue out to lick her slit from bottom to top. I sucked her pussy lips and let my tongue slide over them, then took another broad stroke over her pussy. My tongue found her clit and I sucked it in between my lips, my tongue drumming back and forth over the tip of it. At the same time, Mrs. Aiyer was sucking me deep into her throat. I moved one of hands to cup and massage her breasts. I kneaded her nipple with one hand as my tongue sucked on Sudha’s pussy. 

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh" Sudha moaned loudly as I sucked her clit, her hands planted on my head, her strong thighs holding neck in just the right place for maximum contact with my tongue. 

Sudha moan turned louder, I switched to thrust my tongue deep inside her pussy, flicking back and forth, up and down. Sudha was responding wildly to the oral onslaught her cunt was receiving, she cried Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh and pressed even harder against my mouth. 

I wrapped my lips around her hard clit and as I sucked and tongued the tip I heard her exclaim, "Oh yesssssssssssssssssssss ". And she climaxed! 

Her tangy juice was gushing out of her pussy and I did my best to drink it all up. Mrs. Aiyer was still sucking my cock harder and harder. Her free hand grabbed my balls and fondled them gently. I was going wild with excitement. I grabbed her boobs and pressed them hard, causing her to moan with erotic pain. As my cock was completely inside her mouth, it choked her sound and what came out was a muffled groan. I then took her nipples between my thumb and fingers and pinched them forcibly, causing them to erect like a pointing finger.

Mrs. Aiyer stopped sucking my cock and attacked my balls with her tongue. She took my one ball inside her mouth and sucked it hard. My cock rubbed against her cheeks. She continued sucking my hairy sack, alternating between my balls.

Slowly she pulled her mouth off, gently kissing my cock a few times. She moved back to the middle of the bed and pulled herself up to a half sitting position. Mrs. Aiyer breathlessly said, “ I loved this but I need cock in me now.” Saying this she pushed me onto my back & lowered herself onto my hard cock. She began to raise and lower herself on my cock. 

Slowly at first & then faster to build up momentum. She leaned back bouncing on me cock causing her breasts to bounce and rock back and forth. I thrust up as she thrust down onto me. Her orgasm was building up more and more. It wasn’t until I reached up and pinched her nipples did she let out a guttural moan that turned into a scream as her orgasm over took her. 

By now I was almost ready to come. I grabbed her hips and held her just above and pumped into her as fast as I could. Her screams were almost constant now and added was my grunts. Then it came in one sudden rush. I drove my cock deep inside her and exploded with a deep breath that I must have been holding for a couple of minutes without knowing it. 

She leaned forward and lay limp on my chest breathing heavily.

My cock was still hard with effect of Viagara that I had earlier taken. Pushing Mrs. Aiyer to side, I pulled Sudha & moved on top of her and began to suck on her nipples as I ran the length of my cock over her pussy, her pussy lips slowly parted and my cock was rubbing against her clit. 

Mrs. Aiyer was behind me playing with my balls. I looked into Sudha’s wild eyes and slowly pushed into her wet pussy. Her pussy had a firm grip on my cock but allowed me to slowly slide forward. Finally I had the entire length of my cock in her and all I could hear was Sudha whisper, “Oh Naveen, Aab bardasht nahin ho raha hai…. aao naa… ooooohhh” (I can not tolerate come on, come on and fuck me). 

I began to rock back and forth with my cock sliding in and out of Sudha’s pussy. Her legs wrapped around me and she arched her body forward with each thrust of my cock. Initially I was fucking her gently, she was moaning sexily "……aaaahhhhh…. …. ooohhhhhhh…."

I gradually increased the speed, our movements became faster and faster. Sudha started making sounds a bit louder in her excitement "…..ooooooohhhhh… .. aaaaaaahhhh… uuuuuhhhhhhh….. uuuuffffffffffff….. …. iiiiiihhhhh… …. oooooffffffffffooooooooohhhhhhhhh……" 

Having come once already, I knew I was not going to come to soon so I pumped harder & further increased my speed. She received each of my hard strokes skillfully throwing her hips up and up every time. I was romping fast. Sudha was then in full excitement and was uttering words like "…ooooohhhh…ddeeaarrr… …ooooohhhhhh…. ….uuuuuuffffff…. …aaaaahhhhh…aaaahhhhhh…. uuuiiiiii… ..aaahhhhh.. uuuummmmaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh……oooooooohhhhhhh….." 

With my cock moving to and fro of Sudha’s pussy, I paid my attention to her magnificent boobs. Sudha’s boobs were bigger, much bigger than my Mrs. Aiyer & they seemed to fit properly on her curvaceous body. I cupped her naked boobs with my fingers and pinched her nipples lightly, forcing her to squeal with joy. 

I went on fucking, sweat was pouring off our bodies, I kept on pumping into her and she moaned and cried. Her hips started to move and she met my thrusts. She cried out and shuddered. Timing was perfect as my hot sperm started ejaculating and we both were exhausted.

I lay motionless on to one side, and Sudha next to me. Mrs. Aiyer crawled up, leaning forward she kissed me, deeply. My cock was semi solid. Viagara was at its best. Mrs. Aiyer & Sudha were shocked to see my cock. It was first time they were with a man who had taken Viagara. I picked the towel that Mrs. Aiyer had brought earlier & wiped my cock, balls & legs. 

Mrs. Aiyer took the towel from me & cleaning Sudha said, 'Did Sudha give you pleasure my love.”

Yes I enjoyed her very much. She is good' I replied. 

We all were spent. We took rest in each other’s arms. 

Mrs. Aiyer got up after about half an hour and turned towards me, I kissed and sucked her lips, breasts, nipples, etc. Mrs. Aiyer asked me to fuck her once again right then. 

I was not ready for it so I suggested her I think it is time she & Sudha enjoy together & let me watch. 

I asked Mrs. Aiyer to eat Sudha & experiment some thing new.

Mrs. Aiyer was shocked & said 'Nahin, nahin main yeh nahin kar sakti. Maine pahele kabhie nahin chati (No, no I can't do it. I have never licked a cunt before)'. 

“You love sucking me as you know I enjoy it & now if you value your sister then do what I says.” I replied. 

Mrs. Aiyer very slowly moved between Sudha’s legs. Sudha was not exactly aware of our plans. She gave a surprising look as Mrs. Aiyer gave her pussy a tentative lick. I caught her head and pressed it to Sudha’s pussy, 

“Chaat achchi terah se chaat (Lick! Lick it properly)” I said.

Mrs. Aiyer licked it & forced her head up. 

I asked Sudha did she like it & she nodded in reply.

I pushed Mrs. Aiyer head back to Sudha’s pussy & Mrs. Aiyer this time started to lick Sudha's cunt properly. Sudha was now enjoying this new treat from her sister. She was moaning & holding Mrs. Aiyer head close to her pussy. 

Watching Mrs. Aiyer sucking Sudha had me excited again & my cock was hard again. 

Getting behind Mrs. Aiyer I pushed my cock inside her pussy from behind.

Mrs. Aiyer reacted wildly, whimpering and moaning as my cock sailed through her delicious depth. From back she felt incredibly tight, but I forced my complete cock length into her scorching pussy. My balls came to rest against the crack of her ass, and started to fuck her. 

“Ahhhhhhhhh, oh, nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn,” Sudha cried & clenched her teeth and pumped her hips into Mrs. Aiyer mouth. 

I asked Mrs. Aiyer to lick harder & bite on it lightly. I think Mrs. Aiyer followed my instructions as Sudha cried loudly OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOo, Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.“Ohhhhhhhhh…Gaaaaaaaaddddddd!” 

She probably left sucking Sudha’s pussy & cried “Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh Ehhhhhhhhhhh jor sai (fast).”

Happily, I shoved my cock harder into her welcoming snatch, pounding my thick meat into her ravenous puussy. I tried to take control of my impending orgasm. I wanted it to last until she was also ready. I knew now that she was also approaching to her orgasm. 

I think she could feel her orgasm approaching and wanted Sudha to cum with her, so she moved back & attacked Sudha with renewed vigor. Both, Sudha and Mrs. Aiyer were moaning with increased intensity, Sudha due to Mrs. Aiyer’s fiercely sucking & biting & Mrs. Aiyer from the fucking from me. 

I was almost out of breath, but continued slamming my cock into her pussy. I got my reward as I felt the first mild quiver of Mrs. Aiyer’s pussy muscles enclosing my cock. It immediately brought to my culmination point; I grunted hoarsely for the final time, forcing my cock deep into her pussy and let loose my load. 

At that moment I felt Mrs. Aiyer wetting my rod. 

“Oh Didi you were wonderful” Sudha panted kissing her wildly. 

“How did you like licking a pussy for the first time?” I asked Mrs. Aiyer. 

“I was reluctant but then I loved it, your fucking from behind made it even better.” “It taste tangy not like your cum.” Mrs. Aiyer replied.

Sudha got up & planted a kiss on my lips said “ Naveen today I am feeling that I should have met you couple of years back.” “Didi & I have missed a lot”.

I told Sudha that she need to return the favor which she agreed but Mrs. Aiyer said she don’t want it now, but will take her dues before leaving Agra. 

We took turns in the shower, cleaning up and settling in for the night. I drift off to sleep, with Sudha & Mrs. Aiyer on either side. 

I love to write erotic stories. All the time that I get in flight is used wisely. Do give your critical analysis so that I can improve my writing skills. If any girl/lady is interested in having experience with me do write back & share your views. I love to experiment with new pussy’s.