 Wednesday, November 24, 2004

Last week while Michael was doing his thing, I flew back to Maui to attend to some projects here. On the flight in, I called my girlfriend Lourdes to see if she could make some reservations at the Westin Maui Health Spa for a long weekend of rejuvenating body rubs and massages.

Once on the island, Lourdes and Simone picked me up from the airport and took me back to my place so I could check out things since it had been months since I was last there.

Simone and Lourdes uncovered the pool and ran the vacuum on the bottom while I looked thru my mail. They did a good job in watching over my house since we've been gone.

Once the pool was vacuumed out, they turned on the jets to fill it. I went upstairs and unpacked then packed another bag for my excursion to the Spa. Simone works at the spa and gave us a bunch of additional extras to pamper and soothe our bodies.

We waited around til the pool filled up then we covered and locked it up. We climbed into Simone's SUV and headed on up to their house in the hills outside of Lahaina.

Once there, it was great seeing Monica, Rachel, Katrina, Tyson, Bart, Sunshine, our own Maui Twins and seeing the new modern art furniture was a turn on too.

I had not seen these friends in so long that it was nice to give each a hug, kiss and grope once again, but they also took advantage of the groping part on me.

Once we were able to get settled and open a bottle of merlot, things got opened up as we exchanged info with each other as to what we've all been up to. Monica and Tyson were especially interested in the things Michael was doing as both really seemed to miss him.

Monica had asked me if I would like to see her new toys and always told her 'yes'. She pulled out a duffle bag of stuff and she had everything imaginable in there. I picked up a double headed dildo and looked around the room to see if anyone wanted to give it a go and Lourdes jumped up.

It didn't take long before our clothes were on the floor and Lourdes came over to me and began sucking my nipples. I was feeling her pussy and sliding a finger into her. I looked over at Tyson and smiled at him. Knowing he wanted me badly as Lourdes told me on the way up.

I laid Lourdes down on the carpet and moved between her thighs as she moved between mine. Having her sweet smooth mound in my face was something I had really missed being out in California even though Nancy and I shared some intimate moments.

I began slowly teasing her clit. Tugging at the new clit ring she just got herself. I pushed the tip of my tongue thru it and pulled back lightly. I tongued her hood, chiming the ring off my teeth. I lapped at the soft lips before sliding my tongue into her wet slit.

I felt her tongue teasing my clit as she eased a finger inside me. She began pumping me as she licked at my clitoris giving me a quick orgasm as I soaked her finger.

Lourdes, took the dildo which was laying between us. She eased the head into me and filled my canal full before she began a slow pumping. Her tongue flicking over my clit as my tongue teased hers.

Slowing her pumping motion into me, Lourdes pulled away from my mouth and positioned herself opposite me and slid her legs outside of mine. She was able to ease the other head into herself as we held hands and pulled each other towards each other.

Feeling the slippery toy shimmy between us until our mounds were locked together. I slid my fingers down between us and rubbed our clits bringing us to a slow and delicious orgasm as we kissed.

We both fell back after our wonderful orgasms and caught our breaths. I was laying back with my eyes closed when I felt movement nearby. Opening my eyes, I saw Tyson standing over me.

I watched him as he massaged his thick black cock in his hands and slowly began to kneel down towards me. He slipped the head of his cock into my waiting mouth as I licked the head. Moving my tongue around the crown.

I took him in further as he pumped my face. He watched me take him in, commenting on how long he had waited for me to get back. I sucked him hard as he fed me more inches. Swallowing the head into my throat I had his balls resting on my chin.

He was working the dildo in and out of me as he pulled the other end from Lourdes' pussy. She was now sitting back against the chair watching me sucking Ty's cock. I worked his cock slow, drawing my lips over the bulb of a head before running my tongue down the length of his manhood.

There was enough cock there for 2 or 3 of us but this time it was all mine. If he waited for me, then I'd give him what he wanted and so much more. His cock felt so good against my tongue. I wanted him to cum in my mouth but I think he had other ideas on where he wanted to spend himself.

As I was getting into sucking him, he pulled his cock from my mouth with a pop. What just felt wonderfully full in my mouth was now empty. He took my hand and pulled me up. He told me to sit on the loveseat and as I crawled across the room I gave him a good view of me from behind.

I got up onto the loveseat just in time for he was kneeling between my thighs. He slipped his warm tongue into my folds and licked at my inner walls. He had me going nuts as it had been a bit since the last time I had my clit licked by him.

I was moaning and squirming all over the place, he held my thighs down as his tongue pushed in and out of me. He had me coming again in no time. I could feel my juices seeping from inside my body and down my slit towards my ass.

Tyson pushed a finger inside me then pulled it out. He slid it further under me until he found my very wet backdoor. He pushed his finger into my backdoor and slid it as far as he could before pulling it back out.

He then got up on his knees and opened my legs wide. He positioned the head of his dark cock against my pussy and pushed inside. The sudden quickness in which he shoved his long black cock into me felt incredible. I love being able to look down and see the contrast of his cock inside me.

He pumped with long deep strokes. It felt great. I could only look into his eyes and he was enjoying every minute of this like I was. Ty was moaning loudly as I tightened my walls around his thick cock.

He pumped me for what seemed like 30 minutes as I had orgasm after orgasm. I began pinching and pulling my nipples as he slammed his cock inside me. I told him I wanted to feel his hot seed filling my pussy and all he did was smile.

I was talking to him wanting him to fill my pussy full of cum. He would moan abit then groan out. He pumped faster and faster. Like a buzz saw moving in and out of me. I reached down and cupped his swaying balls and I think that's all he needed as he moaned out.

I was waiting to feel his hot cum explode in my pussy but he pulled his cock from my pussy and shoved it straight on into my ass. I lifted my legs higher as his thrust pushed my hips off the loveseat as his cock sank deep inside my bowels. I felt his cock jerk, throb and spasm as his balls emptied inside my ass.

I could only tighten my muscles the best I could as I tried to milk out as much cum from his balls as I could. He pumped me deeper and repeatedly as he slammed that big cock into my tight lil backdoor. I could feel another orgasm starting inside me as I moaned out and came once again.

All I could do after that was lie there, limp and breathing quite hard and ragged. Not expecting him to slide that monster of a cock into my backside really took alot out of me. Don't get me wrong, it felt awesome inside me, just unexpected.

Tyson moved away and sat back down next to Monica who had cum herself from her own vibe. Monica welcomed me home again with a huge smile and wet fingers.

The rest of the night was spent in group situations and lots of licking and sucking. I finally got my elusive double penetration when both Tyson and his brother Bart caught me on all fours after I had just finished giving Simone her orgasm.

I love coming back to the islands after being gone for so long.... now all we need is Michael and the old gang is once again complete.

Mahalo,

Paula Tiffani Bartolome