 This is the second part of the story concerning the nudistic antics of the Hasler Inc. Family. The story took of in Return to Paradise. There will be a third concluding chapter. These stories are best read in their original sequence.

 This second chapter is in the Group Sex category, but has elements of Incest/Taboo, First Time and Fetish as well.

 I wish you a happy reading, and welcome your votes and comments. 

------------

Now this was extremely awkward. I found myself in a surreal situation. The healthy man I am I always enjoy the visual treats my female colleagues give me, unwillingly. I simply love sucking in the sights I continuously see around the office. A nice filled blouse here, a good tight tushie there. Especially a well-rounded butt in a tight jeans, or in a taut clinging dress... it never fails to fire my loins. Mind you, I do have a good marriage, and I adore my wife Nathalie. But I live out the old college adagium 'A dirty mind is a joy forever'.

So like most of you men out there I adore the eye candy the female part of this world provides us with. Covered as these curves are by clothing, they still make my day. And this Saturday morning I found myself surrounded by all my colleagues on a company outing, a long weekend away from the ordinary hassle, on an exotic island. But now we were all stark naked. 

Though I'm not a nudist, I do enjoy walking around the house naked on a free day. But here out in the open was quiet another story. Off course my dick turned into a rock hard rigid pole within a minute after exposing to all this female flesh. No chemicals needed. And all these treasures I only used to dream of, now parading around us men for our enjoyment... pure paradise. But that's not the end of it. It was not a matter of choice, no, we were obliged to be intimate with each other. The fourth rule of paradise stated that we had to touch the others in an intimate place. And because of the seventh rule, 'Denying sexual favors is considered an obstruction of rules', no one could stop the action because they would risk being expelled from the island... pure paradise.

These forced liberties we performed fostered a strange feeling of freedom. Within an hour or so it became somehow normal to touch and be touched, as if we never had done otherwise. It also promoted a degree of familiarity with each other in a way we otherwise would never had established.

The morning started with a leisure time at the pool. A breakfast buffet was put out on the terrace. Toast and coffee, and lots of fresh fruits and juices. After some time my big friend between my legs even decided to be a little bit less obvious. My rigid member dwindled down a little to a little bit more agreeable state, thus providing the possibility for a more normal conversation.

After breakfast Susan and Tom Brockhouse picked Nathalie and me up for a walk around the island. We had a nice leisurely walk as we discussed the strange situation we found ourselves in. We enjoyed the scenery of the lush exotic island. After an hour we found ourselves is a serene bay, surrounded by lush green vegetation which shielded us off from the direction we came. We sat down near the waterside, on this perfect white sanded beach straight from paradise.

We kept on touching each other, indulging in the pleasures paradise had to offer. It was plain heaven to stroke the pussy of Susan and to stimulate her nipples. Next to me Nathalie's voice became more and more panting as Tom kept on pushing his fingers into her twat, and stimulate her clitt. Lying on my side with my face on one of her thighs, I had a first grade view of Susan's most intimate folds. My cock grew by the minute as I sucked in the intoxicating view, not to mention the aroma of sex that continuously invaded my nostrils. All the time Susan encouraged me by stroking my hair lightly. She soothed my doubts away by breathing sweet nothings into my ear. As my cock had grown to a state in which it nearly exploded form sheer pleasure, Susan grabbed me by the root and slowly started to lick me. Eventually she devoured me completely, burying her nose firmly against my abdomen. The vibrations she sent through my cock, it was heavenly.

Tom meanwhile had Nathalie on the verge of orgasm. She lay panting beside me, his fingers well buried in her slick slit. He definite had found her weak spots, and knew how to manipulate Nath to give her a good time. After crying out her pleasure, she let Tom enter her and let him fuck her slo-mo missionary style. Susan let my snake slip out of her mouth, and opened her thighs wide inviting me to her sex. Already high from her intoxicating odor I had inhaled during the last half hour I rose above this goddess and sank my cock into her smooth shaved pussy.

A dream come true. Boning this long legged beauty I daydreamed about for a long time. All the hot feelings I had compiled from every time I saw her in the office, exploded in a big thrust. My loins exploded as my balls fired their boiling content out and up through my spear into the warm welcoming womb of Susan. The walls of her cunt clinched my shaft in a tight vice, milking my seed into her innermost sheet.

Exhausted I lay upon Susan, as Tom sank down on the trembling body of Nath. I enjoyed the warmth that flowed from Susan's body. I had one hand lingering from a firm tit to the hair of Susan, and my other hand sought and found a hand of Nathalie. After some recuperating time we got up, smiled happily to the world and strolled back to the center. As if floating above the ground we walked hand in hand like teenagers in love.

We were back at the center at about two, just in time for a little snack at the pool side. We found out a lot more becoming acquainted activity had taken place. But most notably were the happy faces all around the place. The young females had not participated in the sexual play as such, they had mainly played in and around the pool. These naked nymphs did help in heightening the atmosphere and had kept up their game of inciting the others. Among each other they had held some sort of competition of who could touch the most cocks and dip a finger into all the cunts present.

Pete Hasler announced the activities for the afternoon.

"Now that we all are a bit accustomed to the island, to each other and to simply moving around naked, this afternoon can be used to deepen the acquaintance. Keep in mind the seventh rule: there should be no denying of sexual favors. But this afternoon there is an additional rule in effect. 

"My daughters, Amy and Jessie, are strictly off limits. This evening we will throw them a farewell party as well as an initiating ritual. They will leave us after the weekend to join a training academy to become top notch Hoteliers. They will learn everything there is to know about hospitality and running a resort like this. In a few years they will replace me as the custodians of the island, and act as the main hostesses as well. For their sexual education they will rejoin us here on the island some weekends of the year, during which there will be a special program.

"And then we have our Megan. Young sweet miss Moffet is at nineteen our youngest employee. She's off limits as well, at least until tonight, but you won't be tempted for she won't be around here. We have a special program for her this afternoon, to prepare her for the evening. Together with Jessie and Amy she will undergo an initiating ritual tonight. So of you go! Our motto still is: frolicking is encouraged, grab what you can, enjoy what you like..."

Megan was escorted off by Pete and Angie, as well as by two very exotic angels. For unknown preparatory activities for who knows what ritual tonight.

Nathalie and I mainly had a nice long talk with Tom and Susan, and with John and Hans, the younger brothers of Pete and Angie. We learned from John and Hans that some sort of sexual liberty was practiced in the Hasler family all along. They knew for a fact that Angie had inducted her angel daughters into sexual activities since Jessie had turned eighteen some two years ago. There was only guessing as to the involvement of Pete, but according to John it was a fact that the two vixens were no virgins anymore. Off course Pete had to be aware of what was going on, and probably had his saying in these matters.

"Pretty regular there are these weekends away from the family estate," John Hasler explained. "We are not always invited. I think they try to keep us away a bit from the more raunchier antics, not so much for our inclination to same gender sex, as well as for our involvement with the corporation. Up until this weekend 'the Family' and 'the Corporation' were stringently separated. But since Pete's speech yesterday ... And I'm sure I recognized a few of the personnel on this island. They have participated in these family weekends for sure. Female as well as male angels that is."

"We expect we are at some sort of a turning point now," Hans Guggenheim went on. "Our nieces are definitely being inaugurated into the corporation as such, and not accidentally on this weekend. The weekend wherein the entire company is introduced to this exotic island, which simply is no more and no less than an outright hedonistic and nudist paradise. And what a cunning effort to turn all and every employee into a participant. I'm absolutely sure this has been carefully planned during a very long time. I would not be surprised if every individual hiring of personnel must be seen in the light of the latest developments."

"I know from my involvement at HR that every candidate for any function always has a talk with Pete and Angie," Susan added. "An iron rule which is upheld without any exception. Pete and Angie always have the last saying."

"It is striking indeed that every last employee is an example of sheer beauty. All are healthy athletic people. There is simply not one woman on this island I cannot imagine loving to shag, if I may say so," I said.

"Dan, the same is valid concerning the men," Susan said. "And that includes you two, Hans and John. I'm sure you won't be safe here if you might not want to participate in any heterosexual activity this weekend. I have to admit I'm getting quiet wet between my legs right now, being within grasp distance of those two magnificent specimen of the male ramming rod..."

"Well, you know very well Susan that we don't have a problem whatsoever with fucking the odd female," Hans said. "Especially servicing the two gorgeous hot ladies in our midst right now would be a great honor. Not a single hair on my head that would consider breaking the seventh rule of paradise if being requested to perform."

"Okay, we will keep you to this promise later on. I'm game if you are," Nathalie replied smiling.

"I agree with Hans," John added. "But doing every men on the island would not be asked too much either, I must add! We do love each other very much, but we practice an open relationship. We're both definitely more bisexual than strict homosexual. Giving you all the treatment would be an honor."

"That's all very fine, and we must act on that a in a little while," Hans went on. "But first I make a little confession. We have participated sometimes in incestuous play with our brother and sister. And Angie was not the only one who has been intimate with our feared weaponry! Pete does know how to handle himself confronted with an angry dick..."

The six of us went off to a more secluded place behind the cabin of John and Hans. Hans got blankets and cushions from their cabin, and made us a comfortable playroom. After some heavy petting and making out Tom and I ended holding each other's spouse in our arms. Their bums nestled against our crotches the two gals laid backwards against our torso's. As I massaged the sides of Susan's thighs, Hans prepared himself to take possession of her divine love hole. Next to me Tom, John and Nathalie copied our play. 

Once Hans and John had bottomed themselves to the hilt in these lovely creatures, they started slowly building a good rhythm. I held onto the lovely Susan, and glanced to my side. The heavy breathing from Nathalie was not solely caused by the boning of John. I noticed that Tom had somehow managed to sneak his long rod into the anal passage of my dear Nathalie. No wonder her breathing had become ragged and puffy. Her butt impaled on Tom's spear and John shagging her pussy silly she was no doubt heading towards a massive orgasm. 

As I kept on massaging the thighs and breasts of Susan, Nath was pushed over the edge by a particularly forceful push from John. She moaned and whined as she came on those two mighty cocks that had taken possession of her innermost cavities. Not much later Tom and John surrendered the hot contents of their balls to her sanctuaries. Judging on her trembling, Nath must have undergone a particularly heavy orgasm. As the boys receded their rods from her fuck holes, thick strands of spunk trickled slowly from her delectable boxes.

Susan came sometime after my Nathalie, being fucked only in her fanny. Throughout her orgasm I massaged her tight titties, twitching her nipples. She turned her head to the side and managed to plaster her hungry mouth onto mine. Her tongue snaked into my mouth at the moment her orgasm broke through. Her body rocked through her orgasm and trembled from the deep folds of her loins to the tip of her tongue. Sweat broke out from all her pores. What a nice hot sweaty mess we had created together.

After we had come a little bit to our senses, John asked me if he could relief me of my tension, not having landed an orgasm just yet. I felt a bit embarrassed and somewhat uneasy. Nathalie and Susan cooed as they both crawled over to me and soothed me with hot kisses. With a hot babe on both sides John nestled himself between my legs, and started stroking my inner thighs. My trembling was partly form anticipation, and partly from fear for the unknown. I had never had a man servicing me, so this was a first time. It's not that I didn't want this to happen, but than again, I can't say I was really looking forward to this. At the same time John had been as intimate with Nath as was humanly possible, so what was there truly to be lost. He had done a wonderful job with my wife, so why not with me.

I have to admit it was an exceptional experience. I did have great orgasms, but this one had to be ranked within the top few. Never ever had I imagined this could be so good as it was. John is a true master in handling a cock. At first he was very tentative, but as he gradually forced my heat to rise, he became more aggressive. Helped by Susan and Nathalie who kept on massaging my head and the sides of my torso, he ignited a deep anxiety within my loins. Slowly at first, but than gently and surely he manipulated my shaft more and more vigorously. The throbbing increased as he carefully closed his lips around my crown, tightly closing the ring behind the rim. He sucked furiously at my glans until it nearly felt like exploding. I didn't remember feeling my rod being so thick and swollen as at that moment. The veins looked more like cords lying on top of my dick. The precum that leaked abundantly form my tip was slurped down hungrily by John. He coated his throat with my nectar, and soon my cock followed. John buried my shaft fully into his throat and started to grind his face firmly against my belly. His mouth made a tight sealing ring around the very base of my cock and pressed tightly against my scrotum and abdomen. Meanwhile he never stopped working his hands on my balls. They became heavy and felt fully loaded. 

More and more I felt a huge climax building. John coaxed a demented insane amount of baby-batter from my love stick. The first two spurts of semen landed right in the back of his throat. As he let slip my dong from his mouth more sperm spit out of my angry eye. It ended on his face, and as Susan grabbed my penis the last sprays flew directly to her lips. She opened them just in time to collect my juice right where she wanted it. Nathalie jumped literally over me and planted her mouth right on Susan's. The two women fought with their tongues for my last jism, as John sucked the very last drops from my wilting member. What a thrill.

------

After a nice dinner buffet at the open air restaurant on the other side of the pool, Angie asked us all to be back around nine. Meanwhile we could freshen up a bit or enjoy a coffee with a nice glass of liquor. Just before nine all were present again as Angie and Pete escorted Megan and their daughters from the main house to the gathering. The girls sat down on the edge of the massage tables which had been erected in the middle of the terrace, each on their own table.

"So, you all know that Amy and Jessie are leaving us tomorrow. They will join a high class vocational training for hoteliers. Meanwhile they are very eager to join our Hasler Inc. Family, especially since these two foxes will hold sway on this island in just a few years. We've asked them to become the custodians of our resort, and they are excited to do so. But for now, Amy and Jessie want to meet you all from the corporation and make real acquaintance.

"To do so they will drape themselves on these tables and invite you all to come by for an up-close intimate call. They want their uncles to come forward first to break in the ice..."

As Pete's brother John and Angie's brother Hans came stumbling forward, the tables were adjusted to a little lower level and Angie and Jessie laid down upon the cushioned tables. The uncles kissed their lovely nieces lightly on the mouth, asked them to turn on their fronts and proceeded with a full body massage, starting with the neck and shoulders. Slowly they proceeded down to the feet, giving considerable time to the buttocks and the inner thighs. The firm tushies got a figorous work out the girls won't lightly forget.

After some twenty minutes the girls turned on their backs, and the massage started all over from the top. Most present stood or sat on bar stools in a wide circle around the activity, witnessing the girls getting hotter by the minute. The young tits became nicely slick and glistening from the massage. They stood up firm and proudly pointed to the stars. What a pair of amazing perky tits these girls possessed. I could hardly wait for my turn to touch and fondle those superb specimens.

The girls became more and more noisy and mobile as John and Hans started massaging their groin area. Slowly but surely those experienced fingers took possession of two very hot sex pots. The slick wet folds got full attention, from the prying fingers as well as from all our hungry eyes. Fingers where pushed up inside these young slits. Inner and outer lips were well kneaded. Their sexes were worked over thoroughly until the girls almost lost it. The agonizing sisters gasped for air as the uncles got on top of the tables and prepared to sink their rods into these sizzling hot fuck boxes.

Under loud applause the studs slowly penetrated the beautiful girls. I felt a bit jealous. Nathalie had held my stiff member during the display and now started to slowly stroke my manhood. As I looked around the circle I noticed she was not the only woman who gave a hand to her man. As my arm lay upon her shoulder I dropped my right hand on her tit and slowly kneaded her.

"So, as Jessie and Amy are being initiated by Hans en John, we will start the consecrating of Megan!" Pete said.

Megan had sat still on the edge of her table during the events so far, fidgeting her hands in her lap.

"Megan has expressed her willingness to be initiated in a very special way," Angie said. "She wants to give you all something precious for all the warmth and comradeship she has received from us. As she has lost her parents at a young age, we are in fact her first real family. Now she wants to seal this with a love child for all... In fact she suggested to be the star of an impregnation party... 
