 A cadaverous looking man named Raul handled all the travel and logistics for the band. He was good at what he did, but he also had a drug problem. We didn't know about the drug problem until the police came knocking on our doors at three in the morning. Fortunately, the members of the Malcontents were more into booze and sex than drugs, and the police found nothing in our rooms. The stuff found in Raul's room could have stocked three pharmacies. 

They hauled Raul off to jail and left us all sitting around in the hotel lobby feeling as if a hurricane had disrupted our lives. People were looking to me for guidance but I have to be honest. I can write songs. I couldn't find the state of California on a map if someone stuck a pin in it. I'm not strong on planning or geography. 

If not for Alexis, our tour might have come to an abrupt end. 

Alexis had spent the night with Kyle and Elmo and she was wearing a pair of Kyle's gym shorts and one of Elmo's button up shirts. Only she didn't have it buttoned up and every time she moved, one of her shapely breasts peeked out. She was barefoot and she had her legs propped up a lobby chair. Her black hair was a tangled mess and she wore no make up and I thought she looked incredibly sexy. I am drawn to women who look a little rumpled. 

It was deserted in the lobby and I started wondering what she would do if I wanted it doggie style on the carpeted floor, in front of everybody.

"You guys are pathetic, "Alex said, after listening to the complaints. "I have a couple of weeks before the school year starts. Just give me a copy of your schedule and I'll see that you get there on time."

"I don't think any of us even know where we were going," Kyle said, shrugging his shoulders. 

She patted Kyle's shoulder with affection. "My poor little lost lamb. Well, I'll go look in Raul's room. I'm sure he had some sort of itinerary, maybe plane tickets and scheduling, stuff like that." 

"I'll help you look," I said quickly. 

Alex grinned at me. I think she knew why I wanted to help her look. She had seen the direction of my eyes and knew what kind of help I wanted to give her. Everyone else stayed in the lobby and I followed Alexis to the elevators. Once the elevators doors closed I grabbed her from behind and put my hands inside her shirt to feel those two big titties I had been lusting after after all morning. 

"You want to wait until we get upstairs," she said, "or do you want me to blow you here?"

"I want it now but I want doggie," I said. I was already unzipped and pulling my cock out. 

I think she was as hot, or hotter, than I was. She hit the emergency stop on the elevator and peeled the gym shorts down to her knees. She wasn't wearing panties. She turned around and braced herself against the elevator and bent over far enough so I had access. 

"Oh, baby," she said as I pressed my hard cock against her bottom and then slipped it easily into her wet, hot pussy. It's an incredible experience to slide your cock into the pussy of one of the girls oyu used to fantasize about back in high school. 

Her sweet pussy fit like a glove and for a moment I didn't move. I just stood there with it inside, throbbing and leaking until I couldn't stand the pressure anymore and I started fucking her like a man possessed. She had to brace herself solidly or she would have hit her head. 

But then she started moving, milking me with her honeyed hole and I almost couldn't stay with her. It surprised me how violent she got and then she came with a shout and a shuddering spasm that caught me in midstroke and almost drove me to my knees. 

I was a second behind her, with one deep shove and feeling my cock spurt inside her. When I finished, I just sat down in the middle of the elevator gasping for breath. 

"My Lord," I said. "I don't think I've ever felt that before. The earth shook." 

"It did for me too, baby," Alexis said. "Me too."

We collected ourselves and rode the elevator up to Raul's floor. Alexis was all business again. It didn't take her long to find the papers and tickets and schedule she needed. In a few minutes she was on the phone talking to someone about busses and planes and when she hung up, there was a little bit of that old vitality in her eyes. 

"You tell the rest of the band that there will be some people around shortly to gather the equipment and instruments. There will be two vans outside in an hour to take us to the airport. I suppose I'll have to go with you or you'll never get to where you are going."

"I wouldn't have it any other way," I said. 

On the way to the airport I told Alex if she was going to act as our road manager that she didn't really have to do anything she didn't want to do. She smiled and said she knew I was a nice guy at heart but not to worry about her. She was going to enjoy the trip. On the plane she sat between Danny Parks and Elmo and ended up giving them both hand jobs underneath their blankets. The flight attendant knew what she was doing but she ignored it.

At the next city Alex had a bus there to meet us. It was a really nice touring bus with compartments in the back, showers and a professional looking driver in a gray uniform. 

The first night on the road we played a little game. It was Kyle's idea. Women usually liked Kyle. He was big and redheaded and had a wide, disarming grin. He wanted Alex to flash the passing cars. He made her take off her bra and wear a top that she could open on cue. I didn't think she'd do it but every time Kyle said, "show um your tits," she'd smile and shake them for whoever was passing. After a while, we tired of that game and we all settled in for the night.

On her knees between the aisles she gave Danny a blowjob before Kyle took her to the back compartment and put her on her hands and knees and doggie fucked her as hard as he could. I heard her whimper and I knew what Kyle was up too and I started to get up and to go back to help her but then I heard her voice. "Oh God yes," she moaned. "Do me there. Oh God, put it in my ass. Oh fuck." 

Kyle ass fucked her for a long time until she was whimpering with every stroke. . She screamed loud when she came and later again as Kyle filled her. I heard Elmo moving to the back and saying, "I want some of that ass," and I shook my head.

In a few minutes I heard Elmo yell and Alex whimper. Danny went back and the three of them stayed together for a long time. There were still sounds coming from the compartment by the time I drifted off off to sleep. 

In the morning I expected Alex to be crying and hysterical and ready to be put off the bus. Instead she was smiling and cheery and happy and flirting like she was a teenager again. I couldn't believe it. 

At lunch I took her back and we showered together. Afterwards, I stretched her out on her back and had some of that sweet pussy. She fucked me for all she was worth and then tried to close the walls of her cunt together to drain every drop. When I was done, she obediently bent to lick me clean. 

"Why are you doing this, Alex?" I asked her. 

She giggled. "Because I like to suck cock."

"No, I mean all of this. Back in high school all you cheerleaders were purer than driven snow. Boys couldn't get to first base. Now, you're here, with us and obviously enjoying it. But why?"

She was silent for a while and then she straightened up and put her head on the pillow beside me. 

"I don't know how to explain it," she said, after a moment. "I need this."

She took a deep breath and went on to explain. "You know I was never the most popular of the cheerleaders. Oh, I was allowed in their group but almost as a second class citizen. But it was where I wanted to be, more than anything. I admired those girls. I guess you could say I worshiped them. I wanted to be just like them."

"But you were," I insisted. 

"Maybe in your eyes, but not in theirs. I always knew there was something missing in me. I wasn't sure what it was but I tried to be just like them. I was just glad to be included. Right after we graduated, Jennifer invited me to a party. You know she always wanted to be a singer. She thought she had talent. Well, she made a deal with a country band to let her audition. She wanted me along for moral support. I was so thrilled to be included." 

"II found out I wasn't just included because she liked me. I was part of the deal. I was the real entertainment. I guess Jennifer saw something in me I didn't know was there. Anyway, I went along with it. I got high and I got fucked and Jennifer left me there. I stayed all weekend and it was incredible. I stayed away from parties after that until Jennifer called me and wanted me to persuade you to come to the reunion. I jumped at the chance."

"So you're the bait to get me to come?" I said. 

"Yes. And then Jennifer will plan some way for you and the band to hear her sing. They all have their agendas, Bobby. Jennifer wants an audition. Elsie wants to sell you a house. She thinks she can get you to buy that old Compton Mansion for a million dollars or so."

"That old thing is still standing?" I questioned. 

"Yeah, and it would be a big commission for her and she could get out of Dawson and open up her own agency in a bigger town."

"And the rest of them?" I asked. 

"Well, you know what Carol Marsh is like. She's still a bubble head. She probably thinks she can dump her husband and marry somebody in the band. Nancy Powers just gets off on hanging around with famous people. Judy Bishop probably wants you there so she can find something else to fuss about. Her husband is the Reverend Bishop of the First Foundation Church. I'm not sure what they believe in but I do know they're against everything. "

"And Laura?" I asked. 

:"Oh yes, Laura. I forgot you were sweet on Laura once." Alexis shrugged her shoulders. "I don't know about Laura. She's above it all. You never know what she's thinking."

"And they all knew what you were going to do to convince me to come to the reunion," I said. 

"Yes." 

"I'm sorry, Alexis," I said.

"Don't be. I am enjoying myself. I need more than one man, I guess." 

She rolled over so that her breasts rested nicely against my side. I felt a stirring. No sense wasting it and I took her hand and pressed her fingers on me. She wrapped her fingers around my shaft and started slowly jerking me off. 

"

"I think maybe I will go to the reunion," I said, groaning a little as her hand brought me to stiffness. 

Se rolled over on top of me and spread herself over my cock and eased herself down. It felt good inside her and I reached up to play with her tits. She began to bounce up and down slowly, her tongue touching the corner of her mouth as if evidently felt good to her too. 

'They're such bitches," she said breathlessly. "I used to think they were so special, sweet little Princesses and all they really were was bitches. Now they're divorced or they are married to fat guys who work at the mills and watch football and drink beer. They're unhappy and bored and they won't admit it. They still suffer under the delusion they're special. And they think they're going to crook their finger and you'll come to grovel at their feet like all the boys used too. That's what they want." 

She gasped as she felt my hands squeeze a little tighter. 

"They'll use you, Bobby. They'll have their pictures made with their famous friend and they'll tease you a little and then they'll send you away. Just like old times."

"It won't be like old times. I'm not the same nice guy," I said. 

I lifted her off and turned her over on her hands and knees and got in position so I could have her ass. She didn't protest as I found that tight little hole with the head of my cock. Kyle's big cock had loosened her up but she was still fucking tight as I entered her.

"Come on, Alex," I said. "Move that ass for me."

Alex gave it everything she had and it was sweet and tight and I could feel my balls tightening a few seconds after her body shuddered convulsively and then I was shooting my cream into her belly. She had come but she kept jerking and pushing until she was sure she had drained me. 

It was a crazy trip. Alex couldn't seem to get enough. Whatever the game was, she was for it and after a couple of days, I think the band members started looking her in a new way. The old vitality was back and we found her smart, funny and with a big a sexual appetite as any of us. She wore us down. By the third day she was mothering us, and by the evening of the forth day, I think the group was starting to bond with her. 

What really did it was that evening when the police car pulled us over for speeding outside of some small town I can't even remember the name of. The slim, young trooper was writing us a ticket when Alex turned it on. I can't explain what it was but she had it. A sort of sexual animal that we hadn't seen before. 

It was her idea. We never would have asked but in a few moments she was down on her knees serving the young policeman and she ended up face down over his cruiser begging him to stick it in deeper. It was an incredible performance and we didn't get a ticket. 

I think we were all sorry when the bus finally arrived at our destination. 

The concert that Saturday night was wild. Sometimes the music seems right, the night seems right and the pulse of life seems to beat in a savage bass rhythm that takes everybody to frenzy. The groupies were out in droves and we took several of them back to the dressing rooms and partied for half the night. I made Alex stay on the bus. Sometimes the party's get of hand, but there were no incidents this time and I got blown by this incredibly hot blond chick who knew how to party. 

On the bus Alex was upset that I hadn't allowed her to come to the party but Kyle took her in the back and ass fucked her until she nearly passed out from pleasure. Then Willie stuck his cock in her mouth and I heard Elmo giving it to her again sometime before daylight, so she wasn't that disappointed in the evening. 

On Sunday morning I rented a taxi and rode with Alex to the airport. She had cleaned herself up, wore a pants outfit I hadn't seen and looked like a prim and proper teacher on the way home from a business conference. We hugged at the airport. 

"I guess I'll see you in a couple of months," she said. 

"I'll be there," I told her. 

"Remember what I said. Don't let them use you."

"Well, somebody will get used," I told her, with a smile.