 I waited until the month before the reunion before I officially agreed to bring the band to the reunion. Evidently Alexis had told the group she had failed and their letters were getting a bit more desperate. The last letter I got from Jennifer hinted that there might be some additional benefits if I brought the band. 

Laura was the only one who didn't write any more letters. 

We arrived in town on a Friday morning and there was a policeman there to meet us. The policeman was a heavyset man with a somewhat familiar face and a wrinkled uniform that was stained with a part of his breakfast. He stood by the door of the town's only hotel as I parked our rental van. 

"It's the local fuzz," Kyle said. 

"I wonder if he's got one bullet like that Gomer Pyle guy," Willie said. 

"It wasn't Gomer who had the bullet, dipstick," Elmo said. "That was Barney."

The policeman walked up to me and gave me his most intimidating look. "So you came back, Bobby. I thought you'd never come back here again." 

I recognized him them. He had been a senior when I was a junior and a big time halfback who had a chance at the NFL until he blew out his knee. 

"Hello Matt," I said. "How's Alex?"

"Her name is Alexis," he said, "and my wife is fine."

Willie started to say something that sounded like "she sure is" and Kyle kicked him. Matt looked suspicious for a moment and then hooked his heavy hands in his belt. "I know what you people are like," he said. 

"We people," I said. "You mean musicians?"

"Yes. I know about the drugs and the fast women and the parties. I just want you to know there'll be none of that while you're here. I catch you stepping out line and I'll lock you up. I don't care if you are rich and famous."

He stood there glaring at me for a few moments while I tried to think of some response but then a dark red Ford convertible turned into the parking lot and came to a sliding stop just inches away from us. A slender, long legged blonde got out slowly, and tossed her head like she was a model posing for a photographer. 

Jennifer hadn't changed. If anything, she had gotten more willowy and beautiful with the years. She wore just a trace of makeup but she didn't need it. She wore a pair of stylish looking jeans, black boots, and a black t-shirt that emphasized the perky thrust of nicely shaped breasts. 

"Oh, it's so good to see you, Bobby," she gushed, and gave me a quick hug and a kiss on the cheek. She was as immaculate and sugary looking as a department store Barbie doll but I remembered this was the woman who had gotten Alexis drunk and left her at the mercy of a bunch of horny men. 

I introduced her to the band and she got into her take charge mode, showing us all where we would be staying and apologizing for the smallness of the rooms. "I know you Hollywood types are used to more luxurious places but we're just a small town." 

"Ahhh shucks, Mam, "Kyle said, grinning broadly, "we're all just small town boys." 

It was a lie, except for me. Kyle was the son of an actor and the grandson of one of the richest movie producers in Hollywood. He had grown up rich. Jennifer tried to smile but she wasn't sure how to take him. I had been with him for a couple of years and sometimes I didn't know when he was kidding. 

Jennifer got us all settled and then asked me if I wanted to take a tour around town, just to see how things had changed. I didn't expect anything had changed and I wondered what Jennifer really wanted. I saw Kyle roll his eyes as I got into the car with the spectacular looking blond. 

She gave me the ten cent tour and I was right. Nothing had changed. I was a little surprised when she turned the car onto a gravel road and ended up beneath some trees by the lake. It was the favourite parking spot of the teenagers. 

"What are we doing at passion point?" I asked her. 

She looked a little uncomfortable at my words but she forced a smile. She reached into the back seat and brought up a shiny black briefcase. When she opened it, I inwardly groaned because it was filled with music sheets. 

"I wanted to get you alone so I could talk to you about my music," Jennifer gushed. "You know I've always been a singer and song writer. I thought you could look at my music and maybe....I don't know...audition me for your band."

There was a note of desperation in her voice. I remembered how it had been to grow up in a small town, especially one like Dawson, which had only existed, because of the textile mills and now the mills were closing. It was a dying town and that only added to the feeling of desperation. 

"Your husband works in the mills, doesn't he?" I asked. "What would he think about you travelling on the road with a bunch of rowdy musicians?"

"He doesn't matter," Jennifer said, shaking her blond head. 

I might have felt sorry for her up until then. I knew her husband. He had been one of the nicer jocks, a big, cheery offensive lineman who probably still worshiped the ground Jennifer walked on, and she was dismissing him as if he didn't matter. The same way she had dismissed Alexis. 

"Maybe we could use a female vocalist," I said, teasing her. "I was thinking of asking Alexis."

Jennifer looked shocked. "Her? Why on earth would you ask her? She's nothing but a....but a...." 

"A what...?" I asked innocently. 

Jennifer shook her head. "It doesn't matter. But I can sing. I honestly can. You'd like my voice."

I pretended to be thinking about it. After a moment, I shook my head. "Nah. I can't see you in the role of female vocalist. Not in our band. I'm thinking somebody who doesn't mind flaunting a little. You're too much the ice queen." 

"What do you mean?"

"If the band had a female vocalist," I explained, "she'd have to wear sexy clothes. She'd have to look younger. And she'd have to be travelling on a bus with a group of guys so she'd have to be willing to compromise at times."

"Compromise?" Jennifer asked in a little girl voice. 

"I think you know what I mean. Why don't you take me back now?"

Jennifer was trembling. She had her hands on the steering wheel. She didn't take them off to start the car. I saw a tear at the corner of her eye but I hardened my heart. I didn't want to feel sorry for her. I thought of the cruel way she had treated Alex and the way she had casually dismissed her husband. She was a good looking woman and I wasn't going to fall into the trap of feeling sympathy for her. 

"I can compromise," she said, after a moment. 

"I don't think so," I said. 

"I can, "she said. "I promise I can. Just give me a chance."

"Maybe I cold give you a chance," I said coldly. "Maybe tonight you could come by the motel. Dress in something sexy. I'll let you sing and dance for the band." 

She was breathing a little fast. "Okay," she said. 

"But now you have to do something for me. One good turns deserves another." 

I took her hand off the steering wheel and I pressed it against my thigh. She drew her hand away as if she'd been burned. Her eyes widened in disbelief. "Surely you can't mean? I'm not that kind of girl. I'm not Alexis."

"More than you know, honey," I said. "Let's forget the whole thing. Take me back."

She had her choice. She knew what the price was and she could have driven me back to the motel. Instead she tried to get me to change my mind. No amount of talk was going to do that. I was getting a little more upset and angrier at her by the moment. She had brought me out to Passion Pit and she knew what she was doing. She was teasing me with the promise of what might happen if she got what she wanted, on her terms. But I had no intention of dealing on her terms. Not now. Not ever. 

"Just take me back to the motel, bitch," I said curtly. 

I doubt if anyone had ever called her bitch in her entire life. It seemed to collapse her form the inside. There were tears in her eyes but they were tears of frustration and anger at not getting her way. She was the Barbie doll that men fell over themselves performing for. Men did not call her names or treat her so shabbily. 

"Please," she whispered. "Don't....I'll do...what you want." 

She reached over and put her hand on my thigh and I moved it away. "I don't have time for this," I said. "Take me back."

"No, please, I said I would," she said. 

This time she put her hand between my legs and I sat back in the seat. I grinned at her. "Okay, let's see what you've got. Remember. I'm making no promises. Later, you have to audition for the entire band.

Her hand went to my zipper and she pulled it down. Her hand felt very small inside my trousers and her fingers very long and strong as she found my stiff cock in my shorts. She let it out and then she looked around to make sure we were really alone before she lowered her head and took my cock into her mouth. 

Her mouth was wet glove but she wasn't as practiced as Alex in the art of sucking cock. I had to put my hands in her hair and direct her in the way it felt good to me. While she sucked, I told her how it was going to be, how she was going to have to be nice to the entire band if she really wanted to travel on the road with us. I thought she would balk and she tensed up a little, but she kept sucking. This little small town housewife was desperate to get away. 

I sat back and relaxed and let her suck me for a while. I liked the look of her blond head bobbing up and down. When she tasted my pre-cum, she forced her head up and looked at me with a pitiful expression. "I don't swallow," she protested. 

"Then you don't get an audition," I said, and her head went back and I let go. I had a lot, and it was probably just the thought of coming in Jennifer's mouth, another hot fantasy from my boyhood. She gagged and tried to raise her head but then she thought better of it and she started to swallow. She choked a little and some of it dripped out of her lips, but she managed to swallow most of it.

I think she thought a little less of herself when she lifted her head. I know she didn't look as proud. She made a disgusted face as she swallowed again. 

"You'd better get used to the taste," I said. "When Kyle unloads in your mouth, you're going to be swallowing for a week."

"Oh God," she said, "don't make me do this. I'll do you. Anytime you want. But not the rest." 

"Sorry, honey," I said. "Those are the rules."

I honestly didn't think Jennifer would show up that night. I told the rest of the band about her as we ate supper and they whooped and hollered as they thought about the statuesque blond servicing them, but deep down I didn't think it was going to happen. 

But at seven o'clock there was a timid knock on my door and I opened it to find Jennifer standing there. She was hot. She wore a single piece mini-dress that barely reached mid-thigh and she had some very long legs. She wore red high heels and stockings. Her hair was piled on her head and she wore single strand of pearls around her neck and very red lipstick. 

I got a hard on just looking at her. 

"Couldn't I just audition for you?" she asked desperately. "Please, Bobby."

"No," I said. "We're like the musketeers. You do one, you do all."

She closed her eyes and I could tell she was full of conflicting emotions. 

"Come in or go home," I said. "Make up your mind."

She stepped in and then waited while I called the rest of the guys. It didn't take them long to get there. Willie was the last. I introduced them all and Jennifer shook like their hands like she was meeting the royal court instead of meeting the guys who were soon going to be abusing her in every way possible. 

"So let's see what you got," Kyle said, with a cheerful grin. 

She started to get out her music and Kyle said, "Oh come on, babe. You do the audition first. Then you sing for us. 

Kyle reached over and put his hand possessively on her ass and she jumped away from. Willie reached up from the bed and stroked her tit and she jumped again. Hands stroked her and she moved out of reach. She had a look like a deer in the headlights and I thought she was going to head for the door. Instead she remained motionless as Kyle caressed ass again. 

"Yeah, baby," he said. "It won't be so bad. Now get down on your knees."

Jennifer had her eyes closed. "Oh God," she wailed, but she went down on her knees in front of Kyle. He unzipped himself and pressed his half hard cock against her lips. She didn't open her eyes but she opened her mouth and his cock slid across her wet pink tongue. 

Kyle grabbed her head and began moving his hips and his cock grew inside her lips. His prick started glistening with her spit. He kept her on her knees for a few moments until his prick was rigid and then he lifted her to her feet again. The mini skirt she wore unzipped from behind and Willie unzipped it. Jennifer was making little sounds in her throat and the dress fell to the floor. She wore a black bra and a black thong. The bra came off easily but they had a little trouble with the thong. Finally, Danny took it in his hand and ripped it off. 

They pushed her down on the bed and Kyle took her head and Danny stood behind her. This time her eyes did open wide as Danny took her from behind and Kyle slid his cock back into her mouth again. Willie took one of her hands and pressed it against his rigid flesh. Her fingers tightened around him. He kept his hand over hers and moved her fingers in the up and down motion he wanted. 

There was another knock on the door and I went to open it. I had e-mailed Alex earlier and she wasn't sure if she could get away but she stood in the doorway with a sudden surprised expression as she saw what was happening on the bed. 

"Join the party," I said, and Alexis stepped into the room.

I was glad she was here. I wanted her to see this. I sat in the room's only chair and pulled her down in lap. 

"Jennifer is auditioning," I told her. 

"I never would have believed it," Alex said. 

Jennifer heard her voice and looked over in alarm and hesitated a moment but there was really nothing she could do. Kyle pulled her head around to make her focus on her job of sucking his cock. Danny let out a moan and he slammed into Jennifer as hard as possible and I knew he was filling her up. As soon as he was finished, he stepped back and Elmo stepped in to take his place. 

Elmo started spanking her ass while he fucked her, sharp little claps that sounded like gunshots in the tiny room. He began fucking her faster, piston like movements that made her tits shake every time he rammed into her. 

Kyle took his wet, leaking cock out of her mouth and Willie quickly put his cock where Kyle's had been. Kyle was smiling. I knew what he was planning as I'd seen him do it before. I think Alexis realized it too because her ass was squirming on me and my cock was getting hard. She reached beneath us and freed my cock and slipped her skirt up to her waist. She had come prepared. She wasn't wearing panties. She moved up and down, sinking herself onto my stiff rock. Her eyes never left Jennifer.

Elmo yelled and slammed into one last time and then stopped moving as he drained his balls into Jennifer's now very sloppy pussy. He stepped out of the way and Kyle was there. He had greased his cock and he pressed it against her tiny anal opening. Jennifer went crazy, trying to escape but Willie grabbed her head and kept her lips firmly on his cock and warned her not to bite or he'd choke her and Kyle had her hips. 

Jennifer was making pleading noises but Kyle had no mercy. He was slowly pressing into her. Jennifer stopped moving. Willie started fucking her mouth and then Kyle was all the way into her, his balls resting against her. 

"Nice tight fucking ass, baby," Kyle said. "I think I've gone where no man's gone before."

"Like fucking Star Wars," Willie moaned. 

"Star Trek, you dipstick," Elmo said.

Watching Kyle fuck Jennifer's ass was turning Alexis on and she was riding my cock like a crazy woman. I grabbed both her tits through her clothing but I could already feel the heat and I knew there wasn't time to feel her naked tits. 

Willie was nearly there but he didn't come in her mouth. Instead he pulled his cock out of her mouth and exploded in Jennifer's face. Jennifer looked really shocked as the cum ran down her cheeks and chin and got up her nose. She made choking sounds but she wasn't given a moment to breathe as Elmo rubbed his pussy stained cock against her mouth. 

"Suck me," he said. "I want to try your ass."

"No more," Jennifer said, "no more, please."

Her words were cut short as Elmo pressed his cock into Jennifer's cum stained lips. He held her head as he fucked her face and got himself hard again. A moment later Kyle was coming, shoving into her ass deeply and giving a war whoop as he creamed her ass. He stayed still for a moment as his cock drained but the moment his cock softened and slipped out, Elmo was taking his place. 

Jennifer turned her cum covered face desperately toward me and Alexis but her desperation only made Alexis hotter and then Elmo was shoving his cock into Jennifer's shapely ass and fucking her as hard as he could. Alexis started coming and I was right behind her. I spurted again and again up into her wet pussy. The sight of Jennifer being ass fucked was just incredibly erotic. 

Elmo finished in Jennifer's ass and Jennifer collapsed onto the bed. Her body looked as if she didn't have any bones. But I wasn't done with her. There was still one person in the room she hadn't satisfied and I figured she owed that person more than anyone else. 

Alexis got out of my lap and I walked over to Jennifer. I took her by the hair and turned her over on her back on the bed. "Lick me clean," I said. 

She knew where my cock had been but she tiredly moved her head and started licking and sucking me. I smiled at Alexis and told her to get on the bed. I think Alexis knew immediately what I had planned. So did the rest of the guys. I could feel the tension in the air. 

"Jennifer, look at me," I said. 

She had my cock in her mouth but she lifted her eyes to me. 

"Now I'm going to tell you the honest truth. If you can sing worth a damn, I can get you a spot with a band. It'll be hard work. But I'll get you the chance. I promise you. But first there is one other thing you have to do."

Jennifer didn't understand. I moved her head away from my cock and turned her so that she was facing Alexis. Alexis was on the bed and she had pulled her skirt up and spread her legs. Her pussy glistened with her own cunt juices and with my cum oozing down her thighs. 

"This is it, Jennifer," I said. "But you have to pay Alex back for all the times you laughed at her and had her do your bidding like some sort of lap dog. Now you're the lap dog."

"You really mean you'll get me a job with a band," Jennifer said. 

"I really mean it," I told her. 

Jennifer was beaten. All of the arrogance in her was gone. There was another person there now, but I couldn't be sure if she'd be a better person. It didn't matter. I meant what I said. And Jennifer crawled over and put her face between Alex's legs. 

"Oh fuck," Kyle said. "I never would have believed it."

Alexis put her hands behind Jennifer's head and pulled her face up tight. "Now lick me clean, bitch," Alexis said. "Eat my pussy."

I don't know if either of them had ever had an experience with another woman but Alex sure seemed to enjoy it even if Jennifer didn't. About fifteen seconds later Alex was moving her ass in rhythm to Jennifer's sucking sounds and she was rubbing her own tits as they hardened. It was a good show. If any of us could have gotten excited again, it would have done it and Jennifer might have gotten it again. But she made Alexis come with a quivering spasm and her head stayed locked between Alex's strong thighs until all my cum was gone and all her juices. 
