 “Hey guys, I’m still too hyper to sit and talk, think I’d like to take a walk and see if I can’t work off some of this nervous energy. Anyone feel like going for a walk with me?”

Of course the question was directed toward Dave, my husband of four years and my intention was that he and I go for a walk on the beach before retiring for the night. Dave and I have been friends, well lovers actually, since we were in college. 

Not surprisingly, Dave looked up, appeared to give my question some thought and said, “No Hon, I don’t believe I feel much like walking on the beach tonight. I’m beat and think I’ll go to bed in a bit.” Had he said anything different, the shock would more than likely have floored me. Dave isn’t much of a night owl these days and, come ten or ten thirty, it would take something special to divert him away from bed. Generally, I’m ready then also and once in bed, we manage to find things to do that tend to make me very happy. Dave too I guess. At least I have heard no complaints. Well, we do that all of two or three times a week anyhow! One week was a bit of a marathon and we did it every single night but no older than either of is, that’s a bit much! Although, come to think of it, I do wish he didn’t work so damn hard and get so tired. I could do every night if only he could!

I dread the day ever coming when it will be more fun to remember doing it than to enjoy the actual activity of taking my husbands big cock into one of the three holes I’m more than happy to have him fill. Which is not to say that stuffing one or another of those places is all there is ‘cause I can always create a welcoming void with my hand, hands or tits. Gals, ever create a fuck hole using only your feet? Whatever, would that he could still get it up long enough to poke more than one of them even if it only happens once or two times a week!  

I looked over toward Jenny and Bill with raised eyebrows and received pretty much the same excuse from them as I did from Dave although Bill didn’t seem quite as firm in his conviction that it was time to call it a day. Whatever, he did say, “Naw Jules, I think I better stay here and see to it that Dave and Jen behave themselves.”

A joking response or was his response an inkling to something deeper? If they were having problems, Jenny certainly had said nothing. At that, back when we were all in college together, the four of us had had some really terrific times doing stuff that involved a hell of a lot of cross flirting, me with Bill and Dave with Jenny. At that, our fun had been limited to an occasional naughty touch or grope that succeeded in making for rather interesting sex when once we were alone with our respective spouses. I could still remember the feel of Bill’s dick the few times I had gotten loose enough to brush against his trousers to see if he was really was hard as I suspected. He had been, each time I checked to see.

Jenny, too, had on more than one occasion, felt free to grasp Dave through his slacks. Of course, the guys had taken our gropes as license to feel us up as well. I recall wondering on a few occasions that if we only had a little more wine, would I have actually got daring enough to let Bill put his hands under my clothing and let him touch my tits or pussy? More importantly, would he have had guts enough to do it. Right there so Jenny and Dave could see us behaving that way. Perhaps. Jenny told me on more than one occasion, she wished all of us had the guts to get naked and have a really good time. Whatever, it never happened…at least with Bill and me it didn’t and I have no reason to believe that Dave and Jenny ever actually did anything either. It is strange though, since it seemed that Jenny and I were willing to, at least, consider swapping, the guys never did take advantage of what might just have been made available for their pleasure. Maybe they guessed and were afraid things would get out of hand and destroy our marriages if we ever did actually go beyond teasing.

After graduating and leaving college, our lives took different turns and although neither couple had been blessed with children, work assignments meant we had to be separated by six hundred miles. That meant that as relative newlyweds, the economics of getting together dictated our visits would be few and far between.

This past Christmas both Dave and Bill received bonuses that, with no other pressing obligations, we decided should go toward a sort of a reunion at a seaside resort. It took a while with each of the four of us looking, to find a resort that wasn’t so popular we couldn’t afford it, but that was close enough to drive to and, at the same time be located where the weather would be suitable for some serious sun bathing. Since nothing serious had ever taken place while there were many opportunities, it never even occurred to me that a vacation housing arrangement such as we were considering would be anything more than a convenient and affordable way to get together and reminisce. 

Actually as I grew a bit older, I was beginning to feel less inhibited, perhaps more than a little an exhibitionist. I mentioned how I was beginning to loosen up a bit in a letter to Jenny and was pleased to learn upon receiving a reply that Jenny is beginning to enjoy the feeling that comes over her when men react to seeing a bit more of her body than is normally accepted as being in good taste. She threatened to kill me if I ever let on to Bill that she gets really wet when she leans forward so some strange guy can peek into her cleavage and know she has to be braless.

Fortunately, my ‘C’ cups are still firm enough that I can leave my bra off and know the bodice of my top, be it a dress, a blouse or a tee shirt is still as interesting to males as it ever was. So, armed with the knowledge that Jenny does it, I, on occasion go braless when I’m out and about. While I appreciate the attention I get when strange men ogle me, loosing enough buttons to permit someone to actually see I’m braless is never an easy thing to do. Whatever the bulges that appear in strange men’s trousers and their surreptitious attempts to rearrange themselves so they’ll be more comfortable is more than a turn on for me. Gets me quite wet, actually!

Anyhow, it was mid May before the four of us were able to get away for a week at the beach. The area we selected wasn’t all that popular but the weather at that time of year was nice enough and the area wasn’t crowded with hotels and motels so there were far fewer people. Most importantly, the price was right! That and there were some inexpensive but fairly nice restaurants close by.

Jenny and Bill arrived at the cabin before Dave and I but not by much. At least their luggage was still standing just inside the door when Dave and I arrived. The bedrooms seemed to be equally nice and the guys decided to flip a coin to see which couple would occupy which room. Once the choices were made, both Jenny and I got busy getting our things unpacked and the guys checked around and located the secluded spa. I think both noticed that unless an observer made an extraordinary effort, no one else could see the occupants, and realized that our privacy was pretty well assured. Neither bothered mentioning it when we all got together back inside though.

Jenny and I had taken the opportunity, while the guys were outside, to remove our bras. What I think is fascinating is that we did it while both of us were in the common living area of the house. Not that Jenny and I hadn’t seen each other naked while changing into swim suits while we were still in school, it was just that dressing or undressing had always been accomplished while we were somewhere the guys couldn’t see if they happened along. This time, I guess neither cared if the other’s husband did happen along and see our bare tits. Whatever, if allowing ourselves to be seen by the guys was an unconscious goal shared by each of us, nothing came of it. So, were we making ourselves look sexy for no other reason than to tease our husbands? Each other’s husband? Ourselves? What? I only know that consciously, I wanted to get rid of my bra and be more comfortable. I have no idea what was going through Jenny’s mind or why we chose to get comfortable while in the living room.

If either Dave or Bill noticed what we had done, neither let on by so much as a word or leering look and the four of us behaved as if it were perfectly normal for Jenny and me to go around with our tits half exposed. 

When Jenny and I realized we were not going to get a rise out of the men, we changed into some comfortable footwear and all of us went for a long walk on the beach and got caught up on four years worth of tidbits of news we hadn’t thought to write about. Jenny and I walked together and often held hands as we strolled along. The guys walked ahead of us and I have no idea what they were discussing. One thing though, they sure as hell didn’t hold hands!

Once back at the house, we took turns showering and dressed to go out for dinner. Naturally, since it was our first trip to the beach in years, we all selected seafood dinners. The guys each chose the Captain’s Platter and it occurred to me that even though they were still quite young men, much of that sort of thing and they would quickly lose their trim looks.

What with before dinner drinks, eating and then after dinner drinks, it was well past nine when we returned to the house and opened a bottle of wine. Now it was just after ten and all the others had declined to join me for a walk on the beach.

So, I went to Dave’s and my room and changed into shorts, a tee shirt and tennis shoes without socks. And that’s all. Why I decided to remove my panties, I have no idea. Perhaps the headiness of the dinner drinks and the wine combined with the sounds of waves and a secret desire to be free made me get as close to naked as I dared. Aside from the obvious braless look I had had since shortly after Dave and I arrived, none of the others, anyone else for that matter, could have possibly known just how close to being totally nude I was as I passed through on my way out to the beach. 

Back in the living room, I asked again if anyone wanted to go along with me and, again, no one seemed the least bit interested so I headed out on my own. Soon after hitting the beach, I found myself lost in the rhythmic sound of waves coming up onto the sand and walked along with my mind mostly in neutral. Oh I noticed others as they walked along but paid no real attention and just knew they were there. I have no idea when it dawned on me that I hadn’t seen anyone for a long time but shortly after making that discovery, I thought I could hear voices and looked to see where they might be coming from. Seeing nothing at first, I walked and looked further and realized the sounds really were not on the beach at all but were coming from the dunes just back from the beach.

Then, idle curiosity drew me to investigate to see who might be making the sounds or what the attraction was that drew the people into the dunes. It’s ridiculous I know, as, had I given it thought, I would have known exactly why anyone would choose to be out of sight. I knew absolutely no one who might have been on the beach with me and should have continued along on my way.

As it was, I climbed into the dunes area a very short few steps before locating the source of the voices. My head could have made no more than a small bump on the horizon when I discovered a couple, naked and doing what naked couples do in the dark in supposedly deserted romantic surroundings. They were having sex! And not normal missionary position screwing either, the woman was on her knees with her butt high and her head on an outstretched arm. The guy was doing her from behind and it took a few moments before I realized it was the woman tending her pussy. Which meant, of course, the guy was pounding his meat into her anus. I grinned when I finally figured out why they were in the doggie position. Trying to have sex with a sandy dick, pussy or anus would be no fun at all! 

Having determined that much, I knew I should have slipped away quietly and left them alone. Still though, I was fascinated as I had never actually seen anyone doing it anally. That and since I was about half horny anyway, the things that woman was saying as she urged the guy to greater and greater effort, were fascinating and there was no way I was going to give up the pleasure of seeing someone, anyone, having sex. Even perverted anal sex.

Then I realized the couple was not alone and that there had to be someone else around there somewhere. With that realization, I crouched down and moved to where I could see another couple. The guy was sitting in the sand and the woman was crouched on hands and knees in such a way that it was easy for her to kneel and take him into her mouth. And there I learned a valuable lesson, the woman was humming as she sucked and doing so was driving the guy frantic. Not so frantic I couldn’t make out what he was saying to encourage the woman to, “Keep it up Baby, I’m going to cum any moment now. God I wish Marilee would hum like you do when she blows me.”

I already knew Marilee was the woman taking it up the ass and, finally, I connected the dots and made sense of some things the other couple had been telling one another. I had been observing two couples all right. Only thing was, the four of them had switched partners for the moment and were having sex, doing things they wouldn’t normally do with their own spouse. Lover? Significant other? Whatever.

Not wishing to miss a bit of the action and afraid I would miss out on everything when they had their orgasms, I continued to watch the blow job until the guy stiffened and told the woman he was coming, something I’m sure she already knew.

I hurried back to the other couple in time to hear that guy tell the woman he was filling her ass with cum too. I almost laughed aloud when it occurred to me that she had to have known what was happening as cum began to seep from her anus and drip off onto the guy’s balls.

Then I got the hell away from there before anyone figured out that I had been spying on them.

A short way from the hot sexual action, I discovered a bit of driftwood I could sit on, loosened and drew my shorts down a bit and used my fingers to relieve some of the sexual tension that had been building for most of the day. Sitting hunched over as I was, I had no difficulty reaching beyond my pussy so I could finger my anus as well. With no lube to ease the way, I could only imagine how Dave’s cock would feel as I tried without much success to insert a finger so I could feel for myself what it would be like to be invaded back there. Oh I managed to penetrate myself ‘til I was in up to the first knuckle or so. Anything more to get past that point would have requires some sort of lubricant and I didn’t have any available.

Fortunately, I had sense enough to use my other hand when I gave up trying to penetrate my asshole and returned to my pussy. Afterward, satisfied, relaxed and fairly humming with good feelings, I walked to the water’s edge and rinsed my hands as best I could. After that I started back to the house only then, I had something to occupy my mind. 

Walking along, I tried to imagine what it would be like to have sex with Bill while Dave and Jenny did the same thing nearby, close enough that the four of us could hear everything being said. Having heard the squishy sound Dave’s cock makes when we fuck, especially whenever we have engaged in a hell of a lot of foreplay, I tried to imagine what it would be like to know the sounds were issuing from Jenny’s pussy rather than my own.

I grinned and nearly giggled when I tried to imagine the sounds coming from my own pussy as Bill fucked me and wondered if all that would turn each of us on equally. Would a fantastic orgasm be as great while being fucked by Bill as with Dave? Would Bill want to do me from behind and reach to fondle my breasts as I reached back and slipped a couple of fingers in alongside Bill’s cock in an effort to generate even more heat. Would Bill’s cum feel and taste as good as Dave’s? I had no idea but had worked myself into such a state that it would only have required nothing more than a casual touch by either my husband or our best friend to peel my clothes away and let whichever one had touched me take me to paradise. Or so I thought.

My erotic musings were interrupted when I arrived back at the house. Expecting to find everyone in bed and asleep, I was surprised to discover Bill still up and watching some show on television that should have been X rated if it wasn’t. Bill’s attention was riveted to the screen as he watched and listened to the obviously fake moans and groans. It would have been interesting, at least to me, to actually see the couple’s pubic areas so I could know how a woman could take a cock in her pussy while riding up and down as far forward on a guys abdomen as she was.

Bill nearly rose straight out of his chair when I giggled and asked, “That show any good at all?”

Looking back guiltily, he shrugged and said, “Not especially but it is sort of entertaining…in a filthy sort of way. Why, you interested in watching the rest of it with me?”

I declined his invitation and he grinned, “That’s the sort of reaction I get whenever I try to get Jenny to watch one of these things with me.”

“Hey Bill, it’s not that I have any particular aversion to watching people having sex…if it’s the real thing or is done realistically. Thing is, I just had an opportunity to see some people doing it for real and think a movie as fake as this one would be a terribly anti-climax. By the way, speaking of climaxes and stuff, you look as though you are about ready to have an ‘accident.’ Shouldn’t you go take care of that before you soil your shorts?” I giggled so Bill would be sure to know I was only teasing.

Bill sighed, looked down toward his groin and said, “I suppose it’ll be about all I’m going to get this night, me, Mary Palm and her five daughters. Now, what’s this shit about watching the real thing?” 

So I proceeded to relate everything I had witnessed. At the end of my revelation, I sighed and said, “Some folks seem to have all the luck. All the fun too.”

Bill chuckled, probably because he didn’t know what else to do and I giggled again, saying, “Oh come on Bill, lets take some wine and get into the spa. Maybe it’ll relax us enough we’ll be able to forget all this shit for a while.”

“Cool Julie only the thing of it is, I’m not sure where Jenny put my suit and don’t think I want to go looking for it and risk waking her. Maybe I better take a rain check.”

I looked at Bill speculatively for a moment, made up my mind and said, “Way I hear it Bill, most folks don’t wear suits when they use a spa anyhow. I guess if you can stand the sight of me with nothing on, I could look the other way until after the best part is under water. If you insist, I will even slouch down so you won’t have to look at my tits too. I suppose that if you are at all like Dave, seeing me, God, just about anyone, naked is all it takes to give you a hard-on. If being seen with your dick pointed at the stars bothers you, I don’t HAVE to look. I won’t promise not to dream about how nice it must be when hard though.”

“So, what’s so nice about a hard dick that isn’t going to do anything?”

“Well, they’re a lot nicer than ones that are soft and CAN”T do anything.”

We walked outside, I located a bench, sat and removed the few items of clothing I had on while Bill pretended to look somewhere else, although I’m pretty sure that afterward, there was little about my unclothed form he had not seen out of the corner of his eyes. Naked, I stood, took a step toward the tub and said, “Shit, we forgot the towels. You go ahead and get into the tub and I’ll be right back.”
