 1.

I grew up in Dawson and I never wanted to return. 

The town was famous for two things...trees and football. In the autumn the trees around Dawson showed glorious colour and brought tourists from hundreds of miles, and it was the season that high school football was on everybody's mind. 

Dawson was state champion every year and several of their young men had gone on to great college careers and even careers in the NFL. But if you were a young man lacking the skills to play or a young woman who wasn't pretty enough to date a football player, then you were considered second class.

If you were a skinny nerd with glasses, like me, you didn't even rate second class. 

I don't want you to get the wrong idea. I wasn't beaten up every day or treated badly, but it was a sense of never really belonging and of never being accepted. And of course when you fall in love with the prettiest girl in town, there is bound to be a lot of mental and emotional misery. 

I fell in love with Laura Mays in the third grade and I loved her, from afar, I admit, all the way through grammar school and high school. When we were in the ninth grade, I finally expressed my admiration for her and asked her out. She wasn't cruel in her rejection. She kindly explained that she wasn't really interested in me that way and had her heart set on another. 

She married the high school quarterback right out of high school. I was even invited to the wedding. I didn't go because I was on the road then with the Night. The Night was my first band and it was terrible. We did a mixture of punk rock music and old favourites and played at a lot of forgotten joints along the highway. 

When the Night folded, I was asked to join Temptation. I was a pretty good bass guitarist and Temptation lasted for eight months before it folded. I was in Los Angeles when the band played the last show and had no idea what I was going to do next. 

And then I got lucky. 

A guy by the name of Richard Max asked me to back up his band on a song they were recording as his own guitarist had the mumps, of all things. I did the back up and the song jumped to number one on the charts and I started getting a lot of offers to back up bands and singing groups. I was making a pretty good living and decided to try my hand at writing a song. Richard Max said it wasn't good for his group but he knew of a group that it might work for. 

A group called the Malcontents loved the song and we recorded it. They let me do the lead vocals and when the song was released, it was released under the title of Bobby Wise and the Malcontents. The Malcontents weren't happy that my name was first on the label but they were a lot happier when the song reached number one and the money started rolling in. 

Bobby Wise and the Malcontents had six hit songs in a row and one major hit album that went platinum and almost by accident, I had my own band and I was famous. And I was rich. 

I wasn't yet thirty years old and suddenly I was big time. It's funny what being famous and rich can do for your love life. I was suddenly very popular and had my own bunch of groupies following me around. It went to my head, I admit it. The groupies wanted me and there were no strings attached and I took advantage every chance I got. 

We were playing in Las Vegas when I got the letter from Jennifer King. It took me a few minutes to remember her. She had been in the grade ahead of me, one of those shapely blond cheerleaders that always seemed to be so unattainable. Her letter had the scent of expensive perfume and her penmanship was very delicate and feminine. I was invited to participate in our ten year class reunion. We were having a picnic and a dance and they would really love for me to be there. 

I dumped the letter in the trash. Although there may have been a few people I might have wanted to see, I really had no interest in returning to Dawson. 

The second letter I got was a week later and from Laura (Mays) Templeton. Her letter was pretty matter of fact until the end. She told me about her marriage to John Templeton, their two children, her job at the county tax office and how the town hadn't changed much. Then at the end, she mentioned how much she'd really like to see me again. 

I still had no intention of attending the reunion but Laura's words stayed with me throughout our Las Vegas show. We hit the road again in late December and played six cities before the end of January. In Houston Texas I got yet another letter from the school. Another cheerleader named Elsie Walker. I couldn't remember what Elsie looked like....only her name...but she sent the letter on stationary belonging to the Dawson Real Estate Company. I looked up Dawson Real Estate Company on line and she was listed as Vice President. I remembered her then. 

Out of the seven cheerleaders on the squad, she was probably the prettiest. She was prettier even than Laura. She was a redhead, with flashing green eyes, and she looked spectacular in the school sweater, jumping around and doing cheers. If the cheerleaders were unobtainable to anyone except the jocks, then she was the most unobtainable of all. 

Her letter was crisp and business like. I hadn't responded to the invitation to the reunion and she was wondering if it had been lost in the mail. If so, she would love to personally send me an invitation. She would like to see me again. Very much. 

Oddly, I don't even think Elsie knew my name in high school and why was she very much interested in seeing me now. 

In the next few weeks I got letters from all the rest of the high school cheerleading squad, plus a letter from the Class President and a couple of my old teachers. Suddenly I was a very popular fellow and I started suspecting what it was all about. I knew for sure when I got a letter from a school friend, one of my real friends, and he included a clipping from the newspaper stating that there would be an exclusive concert by Bobby Wise and the Malcontents at the upcoming tenth year reunion. 

I was hurt and angered. It wasn't the old days anymore. In the old days Laura, or anyone of the cheerleaders probably, could have snapped their fingers and I would have come running. I was not some insecure nerdy boy anymore and I wasn't at their beck and call. 

For the next few months we left the road and recorded a new album, which also went platinum. We started making the rounds of the late night talk shows and a comedy show, and we were riding the wave of success. I didn't expect it to last forever and I was enjoying it while I could. At the very least, when the popularity waned, I would be left with enough money to live out my life comfortably. I couldn't ask for anything more. 

On the first of May, two months before the reunion, one of the cheerleaders came to see me in person. I was resting in the small room back stage after the show when Elmo, my drummer, popped in his head in the door. 

"There's a chick to see you, Bobby," he said. 

"I'm tired." I said.

"Not the usual type at all. She says she knows you." 

"Let's see her then," I said. 

I knew her immediately when Elmo let her into the room and shut the door behind her. Her name was Alexis Bishop and she was one of the Dawson Cheerleaders. She had never been one of the prettiest. She had long black hair and blue eyes but she had also been a bit plump, and she fought a constant battle with weight. What made her popular was her vitality, her love of life. Standing before me, looking nervous, she lacked that old spark of vitality. She was still fighting the battle for weight but she would have looked more attractive if she'd picked out her clothes more carefully. The form fitting mini dress she wore, the stockings and high heels emphasized her heavier figure. 

"Hello, Bobby," she said. 

"Alex," I said. Maybe it was mean of me but I knew Alex was a name she hated. To call her Alex one had to be high up in the social strata. Her fellow cheerleaders and the boys on the football team called her Alex. Nobody else dared. 

She knew what I was doing and she looked down at the floor and then up at me again. Her face was red and there was something in her eyes that looked almost desperate. I had seen that look before, in the faces of the groupies who came back stage after a show. It was a look that said they were willing to do anything to be with one of the band members. I wondered why Alex had such a look in her eyes.

She swallowed nervously and said, "You haven't said you're coming to the reunion."

"That's because I'm not," I said. 

"But you must, Bobby," she said. "I mean, everybody is dying to see you."

"I'm not interested," I said. "I'm busy, and honestly, I didn't have that many friends in the high school."

"That's not true," she said. "You had lots and lots of friends. I was your friend."

"Come on, Alex," I said harshly. "You didn't even know my name. I think you once told someone that you hated having to sit next to that awkward, skinny nerd in Mrs. Watson's class."

Her face flushed. She hadn't realized I had heard about her comments. We had once taken a class together and the entire class she had ignored me. I also remembered something else. On Fridays she had come to class in her brief cheerleading outfit and she had deliberately teased me. She knew her short skirt was giving me hard-ons and she had enjoyed the effect on me, knowing I would never have the chance to touch her. 

"Please, Bobby," she said. "We would all like for you to come?"

"No," I said. 

For a moment her eyes shut and then she opened them again and I saw that look. 

"Isn't there anything at all I can do to convince you to come to the reunion," she said, licking her full lips.

Maybe I am a bit of a pig, but the situation was turning me on. I leaned back in my chair and I spread my legs a little so she could see the effect the situation was having on me. She flushed and looked down at the floor again and then back at me. 

"What did you have in mind?" I asked. 

I never would have believed it. Alexis took three steps and kicked off her high heels and kneeled between my legs. When she reached for my zipper, I put my hand over hers. 

"Come on, Alex," I said. "You don't have to do this." 

A bright shining gleam was in her eyes as she pushed my hand out of the way. "I want to do it, Bobby. Please let me."

I reached down and clasped her hand again. "Sorry, Alex. We have a rule on the road. You do one and you have to do us all. That's the groupie rule. So if I let you, and the rest of the band members, all five, want the same thing, you have to do them."

For a moment I thought she might change her mind but then I could feel the heat coming off her body like she was on fire. Her hand was back on my zipper and I let her pull it down. It took her a few seconds but she finally pulled my cock out and her hot, wet mouth enveloped me. I have had plenty of blowjobs from groupies but never one as desperate as the one Alex gave me. She bobbed her head on my cockmeat, gagged a little, and then went deeper. She was trying to get the entire thing into her mouth and she gagged again. Then her wet tongue around my cockhead and inside the small hole and then I was being sucked into her vacuum of a mouth again. She was good. She was damn good. When she got into a rhythm, I tangled my hands in her hair and warned her that I couldn't last long. She didn't care. She was deep throating me again and I exploded in thick spurts into the back of her throat and she was swallowing and sucking and swallowing and sucking until I had no more to give her. 

I let her lick me until it grew a little painful and when I finally pulled back, she looked at me with deeply loving, worshipful eyes. "Oh thank you, Bobby. Thank you." 

Elmo must have been waiting just outside the door because he stepped into the room as soon as we were finished. I have to say one thing for Alex. Not only did she give incredibly hot blowjobs, but she also obeyed the rules. Elmo drew close and he unzipped and she didn't hesitate before her mouth was on his cock. Elmo wanted a little more and he started playing with her titties. She didn't fuss as he undid the buttons of her dress and let her big titties fall out. He began to caress her through the material of her bra as she sucked. He didn't last long and I saw her swallowing rapidly as he unloaded into her mouth. 

"I'll get Kyle," Elmo said, smiling. 

I got a beer from the cooler and handed it to her. She didn't bother buttoning up her dress and I liked the way her tits pressed against the sheer black bra. I nodded to her and, as she drank deeply, she reached behind her back and unhooked it and them swing free. They were very nice. A little heavy but nice and her brown nipples were strikingly hard. 

I told her to take the dress off and she did so without hesitation. I saw the plump legs she used to tease me with. I reached between her legs and her black panties were soaked. She was really turned on. She moaned at the touch of my fingers. 

In a few moments Elmo returned with Willie Sky, out keyboard and sound export. 

"Kyle and Arne are out somewhere," Elmo said. "But Willie is hard up."

Elmo left and Willie unzipped himself. Willie was a short, unpleasant looking man who had absolutely no charm. But he had a fat cock and I saw Alex's eyes widen when she saw it. But she took her responsibility seriously and in a moment his fat cock was in her mouth and she was working it in her practiced fashion. 

It was making me hot again. I stroked my cock and got behind her. She stopped only a moment before she went down on all fours and let me pull her panties out of the way. I stuck my cock into her wet pussy without warning and she gasped once and then she started sucking Willie all that much harder. I fucked her slowly. Her pussy was hot and wet and it was the one of the pussies I'd fantasized about in those high school years and that made it all the more delicious. Willie was moaning and grabbing her head and when he came into her mouth, I felt her shudder and come, soaking my cock. She kept bobbing her head on Willie until he was completely drained and his cock slipped out of her hotly sucking. 

She looked over her shoulder at me, and said, "Fuck me, Bobby. Fuck me like your whore."

Hearing those words from her lips was all it took. I drove myself into her as hard and as fast as I could, and heard my balls slapping her. I felt the pressure and I reached around and grabbed those big hanging tits and I let it go, coating her pussy walls with thick spurts of cum. I stayed inside her until I went soft and then we collapsed on the floor. 

I had never felt so drained, so complete. Then Alex put her head on my chest and started licking the juices off my cock. I put my hand on her head and directed her until she had licked me clean. She rose up and looked into my face with those sad, desperate eyes. 

"Come to the reunion, Bobby," she said. "I promise you. You won't be disappointed."