 After I had set my wife Angela up with 5 horny dicks in a hotel room one night, she took it upon herself to return the favor. She wanted to get me with at least two girls, new ones we hadn't already fucked together. Kat had joined us more than a few times, and had helped me with my wife's dickfest, so she was disqualified. The hot housewife down by the ballpark was out too, she was exclusively for Angela (repeatedly, as it turned out). So Ang put out the word on our internet site for some cum-hungry chicks, and got more than a few hits. Ang had made no attempt to make this a surprise; she kept me filled in just enough to keep me rock-hard most of the time. (A condition she took advantage of, often!)

She had hand-picked two women, Grace and Carmen. Whether these were real names or not, I'm still not sure. Grace was a big, tall, somewhat bitchy blonde MILF with a lot of attitude; Carmen was a very, very petite fireball with long, flaming red hair. Ang had sent the kiddos to Grandma's on a Friday night, and when I got home from work, I found my wife with little Carmen already there, drinking coffee and chatting it up. Carmen checked me out from head to toe as I walked in, and I did the same to her. Ang noticed and seemed to approve.

I grabbed a quick shower while the ladies waited, making sure to shave away the stubble around my cock which was already rock-hard at the thought of what was to come. When I came back downstairs, I joined in the conversation ranging from the daily news to who each of us had fucked so far in our swinging escapades. Grace was late in arriving, but that didn't bother us much. Pretty soon, all three of us were on the couch, and all three of us were making out with each other. After a while Ang moved away and sat in her reading chair, while Carmen and I continued to grope on the couch.

Carmen was already sucking my dick when Grace arrived with a loud knock on the door. My wife let her in, and, following brief introductions began helping Grace off with her clothes. I watched intently (Carmen still slurping on my cock) as Ang unleashed Grace's boobs from her lacy bra. My wife indulged for a moment, wrapping her hands around them and giving each rock-hard nipple a little nibble. Grace was a six-footer, and Ang had to stand on her toes to whisper something in her ear, before Grace gave her a big hug and immediately dropped down to join Carmen in an impromptu dick-sucking contest. 

Carmen and Grace traded off sucking me, each with different technique and each mind-blowing in the process. Carmen would nibble around the top of my penis, flicking the sweet spot just below the head, with her tongue, and then Grace would eagerly deep-throat my entire cock. This seemed to go on for an eternity, each nearly bringing me to blastoff, then backing down to let the other have a turn.

When Grace would come up for air after swallowing me whole, Carmen started to kiss on her. She noticed how hot she was just as well as I did. Pretty soon little Carmen had taken big Grace and shoved her down on the floor and buried her face into the sopping blonde pussy. Grace threw her head back in ecstasy; Carmen was as good at licking pussy as she was at sucking dick.

With her face buried in Grace's cunt, Carmen's sweet little ass was jacked up high in the air, begging for some attention. I moved in behind her and slid my cock right up into her pussy, eliciting a muffled gasp. This only intensified the sensation for Grace, who squirmed beneath Carmen's lips. Seeing the hot redhead who was sucking her clit getting fucked from behind was all she needed; throwing her head back, Grace came with an angry scream.

I glanced over at Angela, sitting in her reading chair. She had pulled off her jeans and was enjoying the performance, fingering her own pussy furiously. Not wanting to end the show prematurely, I pulled out of Carmen and slid underneath her, so I could flick her bulging clit with my tongue. Grace climbed up over the top of her, and, face-to-face with me, began licking Carmen's asshole while I sucked her pussy. Every few minutes, each of us would stop slurping on Carmen to exchange a long, hard kiss, pausing only long enough to steal a look at my wife, who was slouched way down in her chair and madly finger-fucking herself.

Carmen was on the edge of her orgasm several times, only to be stalled by our well-timed pauses. We finally finished her off, my tongue in her pussy and Grace's tongue in her ass, until she actually squirted her cum juice down my chin.

After catching our breath, Carmen managed to squirm out from between us, and we all got up to figure out what was next. Grace laid flat on her back across the floor, her long legs in the air, begging for her pussy to be fucked. "Get in me," was all she could get out before Carmen's dripping cunt was in her mouth, the little redhead straddling her face and riding it for all she was worth. I grabbed Grace by the ankles and thrust my dick into her begging pussy. Carmen and I fucked the shit out of her until she came again, Grace rolling her clit up against me while the little redhead ground her own clit into Grace's mouth until she had come all over her face.

I pulled out of Grace's pussy and Carmen grabbed my cock and alternately stroked it and sucked it, then guided it back into Grace for a few violent thrusts, then back into her mouth again. I shot my load of cum across Grace's stomach, Carmen's expert grip showing me the way. 

I fell back, spent, and turned to my wife in the chair. Ang had one finger in her ass, and three fingers from the other hand in her pussy, slamming in and out of herself violently. Carmen and Grace looked at each other knowingly, and right away all three of us knew what had to be done. 

"She watched us fuck her man, now he can watch us fuck her!" Grace hissed in Carmen's ear.

I settled in on the couch and watched this fiery redhead and the tall, thick, bitchy blonde absolutely devour my wife. There was no teasing in their touch, just a straight on attack on my wife's clit, pussy, and asshole. Ang cried out, agony mixed with ecstasy. She had lips on her clit, fingers in her cunt, fingers in her ass, a tongue on her hard nipples and two handfuls of hair when she grabbed the backs of their heads as they were working away on her.  Angela held her breath as she achieved an intense rolling orgasm under the expert guidance of these two women. 

She had arranged this whole scene for me, and my payoff was me seeing her blasting her come with two hot-ass chicks. The three of them fell into a heap in the big chair before I got up and moved over to them. As I stood over them, my once again rock-hard dick in my hand, they all three looked up at me with the same hungry look. 

It was going to be a long night....