 We slid back into the pool. Although it seemed like a very long time, only a few minutes must have passed because when I looked up, his wife, Alice, was still on the video. Just then, we heard the door open and Alice walked in. She was as beautiful and sexy as on the video. After Steve introduced me she looked up to see what we were watching. At first she looked scared but then she relaxed and looking at both of us said, “Are you interested in seeing the real thing?”

Alice left us for a few minutes while Steve and I stared at each other somewhat dumbfounded. She returned dressed in a robe and stood in front of the TV and preceded to imitate herself on the screen. She removed her robe to reveal a bikini with two gorgeous tits that were popping out almost as much as my eyes from their sockets. Her body was about as perfect as I had even seen – or even imagined. She joined us in the whirlpool and proceeded to deeply and sensually kiss Steve right next to me. I felt a little in the way and was about to excuse myself when she left Steve and gave me a little kiss which she then followed with another hotter one and another until are tongues were entwined halfway down each other’s throats. I think if she kept this up, I might have cum simply from a kiss. Instead, she put her hand on the bulge in my suit, looked over at Steve and said, “Do you mind if I help out your old friend here?” Steve couldn’t do much more than utter a groan of approval at which point Alice pulled down my suit and pushed me up on the edge of the pool. With my cock at head level, she began to slowly and deliberately lick up and down my cock. She gently sucked my balls one at a time while she entwined her fingers with mine with our palm touching. I could not believe I was having my cock sucked twice in the span of a half hour. If I hadn’t already cum, I would have lost it by this point. 

Alice told Steve to come over for a bit of attention himself. As Steve sat up to me, Alice swallowed almost the entire length of my cock. While doing so, she held onto my hands and dropped one into Steve’s lap where she had us rub the length of his shaft. I was not about to argue. Most of my concentration went towards trying not to come too soon. After a couple minutes, Alice let go of the hand not on Steve’s cock and took off her the bottom of her suit. She then climbed out of the pool and with me still on the side with my feet in the water; straddled me wrapping her legs around my back. As she slid down my throbbing pole, she again gave me one of the most sensuous kisses of my life. I had forgotten about Steve until Alice broke away from our kiss and told Steve to kneel up. He did so leaving his cock right at our face level. With her pussy gently moving up and down my cock, Alice grabbed Steve’s cock and began to lick up and down it’s entire length. His cock was only inches from my face. Continuing to hold his cock, Alice moved it away a few inches and kissed me in another one of her deep kisses. She then went back to Steve’s cock and then back to me – going back a forth a number of times. During our last kiss, she didn’t break away to suck Steve. Instead, she slid his cock in-between our kiss so that our lips met on either side of Steve’s cock. For the second time in my life, and the past hour, I was sucking on a guy’s cock. 

Breaking away from our kiss, Alice moved to the end of Steve’s cock and closed her mouth around it, taking in half of its length. She then returned back to our kiss with his cock in-between. She alternated between sucking his cock alone and between our lips until she pushed his cock into my mouth for a full suck. I was intoxicated with sex. I was going after his cock and her pussy with everything I was worth. Steve continued in the same daze. Just before I was about to come, Alice stopped moving, grabbed Steve’s cock from me and sucked hard while pumping his cock. Steve started shouting, “SUCK ME, SUCK ME, YES, YES , UH, UH, UHHHHHHHH” as he pumped his sperm into her hungry mouth and then collapsed. Alice then pushed me down on my back so that I would be much deeper in her pussy and she began to grind against my pelvis. With each movement, she would grind her pussy and would come closer and closer to orgasm. Just when it appeared she was about ready to cum, she laid down and kissed me. I was shocked to find that her mouth was still full of Steve’s come. She swirled it around with her tongue making sure I would get its full taste. 

With that she exploded, “FUCK ME, OH YES, YES, FUCK ME. YOU FUCKING GREAT FUCK, YES, YES, YES. YEEEEESSSSS.” I could take no more and exploded. My whole body convulsed as spurt after spurt of cum came firing out filling her pussy. Together, in an exhausted heap, we slid back into the whirlpool. 

We promised to keep in touch and they offered me a place to stay anytime I visited Philadelphia. I can’t think of a better incentive for finding business in the area.