 After my neighbour, Rachel's daughter Debbie had graduated from university, she decided to move back home whilst she settled into her new job. Rachel asked me if I could do her another favour by fetching all Debbie's things in my car. I happily agreed, as I was always pleased to help a neighbour, especially one who showed her appreciation for my help by spending the night in my bed from time to time.

Rachel said she was also a little worried about where Debbie was going to put everything until she found a place of her own, since her own house was rather small. As I had a large house all to myself, my wife having died some years earlier, I suggested that Debbie could use one of my spare bedrooms for the time being. She looked relieved at my offer, and thanked me with a kiss, and a promise of something more tangible later on.

On our way back home in the car, Debbie, who had been lying back with her eyes shut listening to her Walkman, suddenly chuckled in a sexy way.

"What was that about?" I asked.

Looking straight at me, she winked, and replied rather seductively, "I was just wondering whether you had another of your dreams when Mum asked you to pick me up."

I felt my face going red, as I realised that Rachel had told Debbie all about my daydream the last time I had helped out a few months earlier.

"Don't worry," she went on, "I have seen you looking at me in my bikini, undressing me with your eyes. It was quite exciting to think that I turned you on. You never know, I might just let you see a bit more sometime, just to say thank you for helping me out, of course."

As she spoke, Debbie winked at me again, and in an apparently innocent gesture, adjusted the hem of her skirt, before smoothing it down over her bare legs again. Even so, the brief glimpse of her panties was enough to make my heart beat a little faster.

Nothing more was said during the rest of our journey, but that brief interchange had been enough to make me hope that one day I might experience the delights of her youthful body in a more intimate way.

After a few months Debbie told Rachel that she had been asked by three other girls from the place where she worked to share a flat with them in town. Once again I was called on to do the honours, and so it was that the next Saturday I found myself packing the car with her things to drive her over to her new home.

When I entered the flat, it quickly became apparent to me that her new flat mates were either bisexual or lesbians, a fact which they made no attempt to hide. In addition to the usual clutter of tights and lingerie, a wide variety of sex toys were scattered about the place, including vibrators, dildos of all shapes sizes and colours, and a selection of strap ons.

In the middle of the living room, taking pride of place, was a large black barrel shaped object, with a couple of lights, some switches and a dial on the front, and a life-like phallus sticking out of the top. I knew enough from my occasional shopping expeditions on an internet site selling sexy lingerie and sex toys of all descriptions to recognise it as a sex machine for ladies, one that was well used, judging by the stains on its shiny black body.

When I raised an eyebrow, Debbie giggled and said, "It's not what you think Uncle Will, I've not become a lesbian overnight, and I'll always want a nice cock in my pussy, but a girl's got to have a bit of fun before she settles down. When I'm home next time I'll come round for a cup of coffee, and tell you all about it, you naughty man. I don't see why Mum should have all the fun."

I was surprised at her frankness, but also flattered that she should share such intimate secrets with me. I was also dimly aware that a line had been crossed in our relationship, although I did wonder why she would be interested in someone old enough to be her grandfather.

The flat had only two bedrooms, each with a large double bed, but when I dared to ask Debbie if they had settled on who would be sleeping where, she laughed and said that they would choose a different partner as the fancy took them. "Just think, I'm going to get fucked every night, and it will be so exciting to experience different techniques, and find out more about what turns me on, and gives me greatest pleasure."

It was a few weeks later, when she was next home for the weekend, that Debbie popped round for a cup of coffee, just a she had promised. At first we just talked about how she was getting on in her job, and other innocent things. After a few minutes, however, the conversation took a more interesting and arousing turn, as she began to tell me about what she described as her induction party.

"It was after I had been there a couple of weeks," she explained, "that the girls invited round a load of friends for a night of sex. Everyone rode the Beast, as we call it, and you should have heard the squeals of delight as we all had the most amazing orgasms."

She paused for a moment, and a look of pleasure lit up her beautiful face, as she continued, "It was my night though, and every one took turns in fucking me. It went on for hours, and I lost count of the number of orgasms I had. By the end I was in a dream, almost a state of euphoria, and the amazing sensations washing over and through me were almost indescribable. Mind you, I was thoroughly exhausted by the end, and I slept almost the whole of the next day. My pussy was a bit sore too.""

I have never been fucked in so many different ways," she went on, "Some girls just licked me, others fucked me with a strap on, and one girl had the most amazing dildo that she filled with hot water. I started cumming almost as soon as she put it in my cunt. And Uncle a Will, she said excitedly, "they took photographs of it all, which they put in a presentation album for me. I got them to make a second album for you. It will keep you happy for hours, wanking over pictures of me in ecstasy.

Later that week she rang me from work. "Uncle Will," she said, "I am bringing Sarah home with me next weekend, can I bring her round to meet you?"

I wondered why Debbie wanted me to meet her flatmate, but I said I would be delighted, and why didn't they join me for dinner on the Saturday evening.

Sarah turned out to be a very pretty redhead with a nice hourglass figure and a perky pair of size 34D breasts. After a nice meal with a few glasses of wine, to my consternation and amazement, Debbie suggested that the three of us went up to the bedroom for some fun.

Once we were upstairs, the girls began to undress, stopping after every item of clothing to kiss and caress each other. Debbie indicated that I should sit in a chair, and said, "You sit there and enjoy the show. You might like to take your clothes off as well, you will be much more comfortable, and it will be fun watching you becoming aroused. Sarah has never seen a real penis, and I promised her she would get to play with one this weekend, so it will be a first for both of us."

Both girls were soon completely naked, and I was treated to the sight of two nice sets of boobs, and a very delicious pair of pussies. It turned out that Debbie was completely shaved, while Sarah had a neatly shaped bush the same colour as her hair, which set off her neat little vulva to perfection, her clit just poking out of its hood in anticipation of the pleasures to come.

"I thought we would start with a sixty nine," Debbie said, "then we can give you a blow job, and finally move on to fucking. After you've come once, you will take much longer, and will be able to give us both the most lovely orgasms, as you fill us with your hot spunk."

I sat back, playing with my cock, which was rock hard by now, whilst I watched the two of them lick and suck each other enthusiastically, until they both climaxed, moaning and squealing with pleasure.

When they had recovered, Debbie beckoned to me to join them on the bed, where I lay back with my hands behind my head. The two girls then took up a position, one on each side of me. First of all Debbie showed Sarah all the most sensitive places on my cock, and the different ways to stroke me in order to give me the greatest pleasure. Then she took the head into her mouth and started to suck it, whilst putting the tip of her tongue into my pee hole, and I was soon groaning with pleasure, as all my nerve endings went into overload.

Debbie showed Sarah every trick in the book, the two girls taking it in turns to make love to my cock. At last, after several minutes of exquisite sensations, Sarah took my shaft deep into her throat, sticking her tongue out to lick my balls. I could feel my orgasm building, and I began to buck my hips, thrusting my manhood deeper into her delicious mouth. The muscles in my legs contracted pushing my hips off the bed, and that delicious hot sensation of an approaching orgasm rose up from my groin, becoming a spear of incandescent flame that consumed my body as I pumped streams of hot cum deep into her willing mouth, crying out in ecstasy.

As I came down from my high, I could see that both girls were highly aroused, and the smell of desire from the juices leaking profusely from their wet pussies filled the air - a scent which is far better than all the most expensive essences that the perfumer's art has yet to invent.

I knew that I would take some time to recover before I could fuck the two girls, but I felt that they should be rewarded for the pleasure they had given me, so I told them to lie back on the bed, and moving from one to the other, I proceeded to lick and suck their eager pussies, using every trick that I knew, until they both came, their bodies taut, and their faces alight with rapture.

Later that evening, I fucked both girls to a series of orgasms, filling each of their cunts with my seed, until in the early hours of the morning, we fell into an exhausted but blissful sleep, cuddled together in a heap of tangled limbs.

Debbie stayed on at the flat for about eighteen months, and she brought each of her three flat mates to enjoy the hospitality of my home, on a number of occasions. I still cannot fathom why four nubile young women should be interested an old wrinkly like me, but I can only say that I have truly been a very lucky man.