 I awoke with Alexis in bed with me. Her hand was stroking me and her naked tits pressed against my side. It was a sweet sensation to wake up too. I reached over and took her head and she went willingly down to press her face against my cock. She licked around the sensitive head and then she took it into her warm, wet mouth, using her tongue around the outside as she sucked it deeper. Lord, she was good at this.

The door open and I had a sudden mental image of her husband bursting in with gun in hand, but it was Kyle. Alexis didn't stop what she was doing as Kyle took a seat in the chair near the bed. 

"We need to talk, man," he said. 

"I'm kind of preoccupied," I said. 

"This won't wait," he said. "It's nearly noon. We're supposed to do another rehearsal at 3 o'clock and then tonight we're playing for the reunion. Our rehearsals yesterday sucked and it was your fault. The guys elected me to find out what your fucking problem is." 

I shivered a little as Alexis chose that moment to suck me all the way into the back of her throat. Her tongue actually slithered over my balls before she pulled her head back and then did it again. This time she skimmed me with her teeth a little and it was another wicked sensation. Her tongue did the thing with my balls and then she drew her head back, raised her head and grinned at me, and then sucked me back into her mouth again. 

"Pay attention," Kyle said. 

"It's a little hard at the moment," I gasped. 

"Alexis says it's this fucking girl, Laura. She says that you are really hung up over her. The bitch must have done some kind of job on you back in high school."

"Leave Laura out of this," I said irritably. 

Kyle shook his head in disgust. "So it is all about Laura. Look, man, I don't know what you're hung up about. Alexis has nicer looking tits and that sweet little real estate agent yesterday was about the best looking piece I've seen around and I've seen a lot. Laura is not all that hot."

Alexis raised her head and said, "He thinks he's in love."

I pushed her head back down. "You just keep out of this and finish what you started."

Her lips encircled me again and her mouth was lava hot as she sucked me inside. This time she got serious and began bobbing her head, using her teeth and tongue as she tried to bring me to completion. I put my hand on her hand and let my fingers play in her soft hair. 

"You got to get over this," Kyle said. 

"And how do I do that," I said, gasping for breath. 

"You'll get over it when we all do her tonight after the performance," Kyle said. 

"She won't go along," I said. 

:"I think you'll be surprised," Kyle said. 

It was hard to even think about Kyle's words as I felt the heat in my balls and then the sweet release of coming in Alexis's mouth. My hips came up off the bed and Alexis drew me deeper as I started to spurt. She had the practiced movements of someone who knew how to keep from choking. I gripped her hair tighter as I spurted. She made gasping swallowing sounds that added to my excitement and finally I collapsed back onto the bed and felt her sucking the last few drops from my prick. 

"Lord, Alexis," I said. 

Alexis lay back licking cum from her lips so none would be wasted. I thought the look of her, naked on her back, licking her lips, her hair tangled, sheen of sweat on her body, was sexy enough to make me want to go again. She licked her lips again and looked hungrily at Kyle. 

"You want some, baby?" she asked. 

He slapped her on the ass. "Get a shower and get dressed. I want some breakfast and some coffee. Besides, I want to save myself so I can be really hard when I fuck Bobby's high school sweetheart tonight."

"You sorry piece of shit," I said to him, but I was smiling. It was hard to stay mad at Kyle. We had been friends too long and we had gone through a lot together. I still didn't believe he had a chance with Laura, or maybe being near her brought back all my teenage insecurities. Kyle was right. Laura was no raving beauty. I had strong feelings for Laura but they were confused feelings. I was pretty sure it wasn't love anymore. I didn't have this vision of us settling down and raising kids. So what did I want from her? It was a question I couldn't answer. 

Alexis took her shower first and dressed and went to meet the boys at the coffee shop. I took my time. They were all nearly finished when I went in and I ordered just coffee. We went through the days schedule and finalized the songs we were going to do at the reunion. Everyone was a little more relaxed or maybe it was just me. 

I was finishing my coffee and the guys were getting ready to go when a police car pulled up front and Alexi's husband got out. His face was red with anger. He pushed open the big doors and came straight for us. I had the sudden sensation that I should be diving for cover before he started shooting. 

He stopped in front of Alexis and held out a piece of paper. "You bitch," he said. 

"Don't get so upset, Matt," Alexis said calmly. "You know what the doctor said about your blood pressure and excitement. Besides, why should you get upset? We haven't been husband and wife for a long time."

"You don't just walk out on me," he said furiously. 

"Please, Matt, be reasonable," she said. "Our marriage is crap. Our lives are crap. I just didn't want to go on the way we have been. I want something more." 

"You're going away with these creeps," he said, looking at Kyle. 

"I'm not going away with anyone," Alexis said. "I told you what I was going to do in my letter. I'm going to divorce you and I'm going to live with my sister in Texas for a while. I'm going to start a new life. Don't you see, Matt? It's our chance to be happy. We couldn't ever be happy together." 

'I bet you're fucking one of these guys," he said belligerently. 

"Please, Matt," she said, "Let's not make this harder. Just go away." 

"I want to know who you're fucking," he demanded. 

"I don't think you really want to know that, man," Kyle said. 

I could have bitch slapped Kyle. He was not making things better. Alexis's husband put his hands on his hips, near his pistol. His pistol really made me nervous. I didn't think we were all going to fit under the table if he started shooting. His fingers moved dangerously close to the handle of his weapon as he leaned across the table and put his face close to Kyle's. 

"Is it you, you bastard," he said. "Is she fucking you?"

"Stop spitting in my face," Kyle said, but his voice cracked a little and I knew he wasn't as sure of himself as he was trying to sound. We were seconds away from Matt erupting in violence. 

"Oh, for crying out loud," Alexis said, standing up in front of her husband. "You want to know who I'm fucking, Matt. I'm fucking them all."

She said it loud enough for everyone in the restaurant to hear. Matt took a couple of steps backward and he didn't look so intimidating anymore. Alexis followed him. She had he hands on her hips and she was looking up at him with a tired, disgusted expression. "You had to do it this way, didn't you?" she asked angrily. "You had to make a big deal out of it. Okay, you want to know. I've fucked every one of the band members and I'll probably do it again before they leave. And you want to know something else, Matt. I've sucked their dicks, and I've had it up my ass. Is there anything else you want to know?"

I felt kind of sorry for Matt. All his macho posturing was gone and he heaved a big sigh and turned and walked out of the restaurant. It was very quiet inside. I realized Alexis had tears on her cheeks and I got up and hugged her and then all of the guys hugged her. I hadn't liked the way Alexis had humiliated her husband but I had the sense that he had hurt Alexis many times in the past in different ways and the marriage would have ended this way even without the bands interference. 

I went back to my room and packed as we were checking out before we left for the reunion. I wouldn't miss the motel. The truth was I wouldn't miss the town I had grown up in. The cheerleaders had brought me back but I knew I'd never come back again. There were too many oppressive memories hanging over the city like the thick white smoke from one mill that still operated. 

At two-thirty we piled in the van and I drove to our high school. It was decorated all over with our school colours and a couple of familiar teachers were inside to greet us. We set up on the platform and ran through our first numbers and it sounded pretty good. We rested for a while and then did another few songs until we were beginning to feel loose and I had the sound quality where I wanted it. Normally, we would have had technicians helping us with the sound but this time we were on our own. It still sounded good. 

We rested again and sat in the little room they had allowed us to use in the back, and we shot the breeze and had a few beers. We talked about where we going next and Kyle said we should probably hire Alexis as our road manager. I agreed there would definitely be some benefits of such a decision as long as Matt wasn't anywhere around. We all laughed and drank some more beers and then we went out and did our first show. We had promised two sessions and I could tell there was a big divide among our audience. Some really seemed to love the music but there were some who seemed unhappy with our choices. 

Alexis showed up in a knockout outfit and Elsie was with her. Our real estate lady was looking at Alexis in a worshipful manner and I got the feeling something had changed in their relationship. In high school Alexis was always the one fetching and carrying for Elsie. Now Elsie seemed infatuated with Alexis. 

"That one found out she loves pussy," Kyle said, slapping me on the arm and grinning. 

"I think so," I said. 

It was like all other reunions, I suppose. There was a lot drinking and do you remember when. Half the people I didn't know and some of them looked at me like I had metamorphosed into some kind of alien creature. I did find one old friend. 

Spencer Davis was standing off in a corner by himself much like high school. He had little changed. He was a tall, skinny boy with glasses and he had become a tall, skinny man with glasses. His father had owned a grocery store and Spencer had inherited the business. There was no wedding ring and he looked a little ill at ease when I approached him. 

"Hey, Spencer," I said. "I'm still the same guy that worked for your Dad in the grocery store."

"You're pretty famous now, Bobby," he said. 

"That doesn't matter," I said. "We were friends then. We're friends now. Come and meet the guys." 

Spencer was painfully shy but I still managed to get him across the dance floor to the table where the band was sitting. We had introductions all around. Alexis was sitting next to Kyle and his hand was on her knee. Her green skirt was very short and the bodice was wickedly low cut. Spencer was trying not to be obvious but he couldn't keep his eyes off her. Elsie was sitting close by and she was wearing a lacy white blouse and a knee length skirt but she wasn't watching anyone but Alexis. I wondered what had happened to the calculating business women who had sold herself to the band. She didn't seem to care about anything but Elsie. 

I wondered where her husband was. I doubted Matt was going to show up at the reunion. Knowing small towns as I did, I figured what had happened that morning would be circulating in the rumour mill by now. Matt would be too embarrassed. But Elsie had somehow managed to leave her husband at home also and he had been on the school counsel. 

Spencer was invited to join us and I didn't let him leave. I got him a beer and made him sit beside Kyle and the boys did their best to make him relax. It wasn't going to happen. Spencer had a ton of emotional problems and I saw that getting older hadn't helped his problems any. I knew he had always had a perception of himself as being a looser. Nobody had ever made fun of me in high school but Spencer got it constantly. I liked him because he was really a nice guy if people would have troubled to find out. 

We decided to do another couple of songs because the canned dance music was driving us crazy and I saw Kyle whisper in Alexis's ear before we went up on stage. By the time we got back to the table, Alexis was all over Spencer. She was rubbing his leg and leaning over to give him a good view and Spencer wasn't sure what to think about it. 

Elsie didn't like it. The look on her face would have soured milk. Kyle noticed it and laughed. He put his arm around Alexis and practically lifted her out of his seat. Then he did the same to Elsie. Elsie stiffened but Alexis gave her a look and she relaxed. 

"Come with me, Spencer," Kyle said. "We're going into the back." 

Some of my classmates had started coming around for autographs. I steered them to the other band members and promised I would be back shortly. I didn't want to miss whatever Kyle had in mind. I followed them across the dance floor and into the small room in the back. Spencer looked nervous. Alexis looked bemused. Elsie had the kind of look on her face I had seen before when she was completely disgusted with everything and everybody. 

In the back Kyle closed the door and kissed Alexis on the mouth. Then he casually took the straps of Alexis's gown and peeled them down so that her both her beautiful tits spilled out. I heard Spencer gasp. Alexis didn't say anything or try to hide. Elsie looked even more disgusted but there was also another look in her eyes as she looked at Alexis's creamy tits so tantalizingly close. 

"Let me tell you about Elsie," Kyle said. "See, Elsie has been a bitch to everyone for years. She thought her pussy was gold plated, but she was willing to sell it to us. But then she found out her tongue got hard for pussy and she'll never be the same again."

Elsie didn't say anything. Alexis was smiling as she moved over in front of Elsie. She knew what Kyle wanted and Alexis reached for Elsie's hair and pulled her face down to her tits. "Don't, please," Elsie said, but her lips were already sucking at one of Alexis's nipples. 

"Holy fuck," Spencer said. 

I had to agree with him. It looked hotter than hell and Elsie was making noises as she sucked with gusto. Alexis stroked her head and made encouraging noises. When she pushed Elsie back, Elsie groaned with disappointment. 

"Alexis is showing her tits," Kyle said. "I think you should show yours, Elsie.' 

"No," Elsie said. She looked at Spencer. I wanted her to remind her she had performed for the entire band yesterday but this was a different Elsie. Her arrogance was gone. 

"Take your fucking clothes off," Alexis said, "or you'll never taste my pussy again."

There was a mean streak in Alexis I had never noticed before. I felt uncomfortable with the tone of her voice but I also felt excited as I watched Elsie start to refuse and then shrug her shoulders in defeat. Without saying another word, Elsie undid the buttons of her blouse and peeled it off and then stepped out of her skirt. She stood there in bra and panties and Alexis said, "The rest," and Elsie peeled her panties down her legs and then unhooked her bra. 

Spencer was breathing like he had a lung disease. I was breathing pretty heavy myself. Alexis lifted up her dress and pushed Elsie down on her knees. It didn't take much pushing. Alexis smiled as she pulled the former cheerleader's face against her pussy. She began to grind against Elsie's face and Elsie wasn't trying to get away. I heard a slurping sound and then Alexis made a shivering motion and she moaned. 

"Hot damn, she's good at that," Alexis said. 

In a few moments she pushed Elsie down on her back on the floor and she simply sat down, smothering her face with her cunt. She began o squirm as Elsie ate her. 

"Come here," Alexis said to Spencer. 

I was getting hard and Alexis had already drained me one time that day. I knew how Spencer must have felt as Alexis unzipped him and reached inside and pulled his cock out. I thought it was the most erotic thing I'd ever seen as Alexis kept grinding her pussy onto Elsie's face and then took Spencer's cock into her mouth. 

Kyle slapped me on the shoulder and told me he'd accomplished his mission and he was out of the door. I was tempted to stay because my prick was stiff and I needed relief but then I figured it was Spencer's moment. I didn't know what else Alexis and Elsie had in mind for Spencer but I knew he was going to enjoy it. 

I didn't go back to the auditorium right away. My prick was still obviously hard and I needed to give it time to go down. I decided to visit my old classroom. I found my way through the old familiar halls with the dusty hardwood floors until I found the one classroom where I had spent my senior year. It was a wasted trip. It looked like every other classroom but when I turned around to go back the other way, I almost ran into Reverend Bishop and his wife Judy. 

Tad and Judy were never two of my favourite people. Tad was a couple of years older but he was one of those people who always seemed sour and unhappy. I could picture him preaching the fires of hell from his pulpit. Judy was a small girl that I had never really found attractive. Her face was angular and her lips as if she was always sucking a lemon. She did have two very attractive features and they both looked huge on such a small girl. She had done her best to bind them up and keep them under control but there was very little she could do. She also had trouble with her nipples being very large and sensitive. She couldn't do a cheer without her swollen nipples popping. It embarrassed her but again there was little she could do to cover them up. Today she wore a floor length skirt and a ruffled white blouse buttoned to the neck. She still hadn't managed to keep those big nipples under control and she saw where my eyes went and she involuntarily folded her arms across her chest. They still embarrassed her. 

"Bobby," she said. "Are you lost? There were specific rules given about walking around the school."

"I was just looking around," I explained. 

"Your type always thinks they can break all the rules," Tad said. 

"My type," I said, in a questioning tone of voice. 

"Musicians," he said. He might as well have said heathen sinners in the same tone he said musicians. He evidently had little use for either. I always thought of Tad as a buttoned up type who couldn't really be friendly with anyone because they would never find themselves worthy of his presence. I wondered if Judy felt that way sometimes. 

"I only wanted to see my old classroom," I said, wondering why I was bothering to explain anything. 

"But that's in the other hallway," Judy said quickly. 

I looked at her oddly. I started to tell her she was mistaken but there was something in her face that told me she knew what she was saying. We had been in the same home room my senior year and she knew, as well as I did, that we were standing in front of it. I wondered what she was up too. 

"I'll take you over and let you see it," Judy said. "Honey, why don't you go on? We're already late and I know there are people you want to see." 

"I don't think that would be fitting," he said prudishly, the thought of his wife wandering the hallways with a reprobate like me making him grimace. 

"You know what the rules are," she insisted. "I can't let him go wandering around by himself." He's liable to steal something or worse."

I wondered what there was in this old building I would be tempted to steal but her argument convinced her husband. He already thought I was Satan and probably figured I'd find some sort of sin to commit if left by myself long enough. He still looked sour and uncertain but he finally nodded and he left us alone. His wife watched his back until he disappeared. 
