 Kate and James hadn't seen each other in over a year. His joining the army had created some friction in their relationship, but Kate was overjoyed at seeing him safe and well.

Kate was 24, with shoulder-length blond hair. She was average height, and had an innocent look about her. James however was quite the opposite. His time in the army had left him with an over-manly physique. He was 32; he had a stubble beard and was almost six foot in height. He had shaved his hair to a defined crew cut and the angled features of his face produced a devilish air about him.

As James left through the large, steel gates of the army base, his eyes locked on Kate. He suddenly heard all those harsh words she had said to him before he left. She had called him a selfish bastard, and had told him how she had hated him for this, and that she wouldn't wait for him. But here she was... Waiting. He stood still. He wouldn't approach Kate if she had only come to see if he was all right. He waited for her reaction.

Kate ran towards James and threw her arms around his shoulders, sobbing wildly. James sighed in relief and hugged her tightly. He had spent over a year without women, and now Kate's large breasts were pressed up against him. He remembered how close they had been before he had left, and wondered whether they could get that closeness back.

"I missed you so much baby." Kate sobbed into his shoulder.

"Me too." James said, as he stroked her hair. "I didn't know if you'd come. After what you said..."

Kate pulled away from him then. Her beautiful eyes looked at him. No... Looked inside him, James thought.

"I didn't want you to go. I wish you hadn't gone. But it's too late to hold grudges over that now." Kate told him. She took his hand and directed him to an old storage bunker inside the base. They were behind it, although on the other side of the fence. Anyone walking around the fence's perimeter would see them.

James tilted Kate's head up to look at him. "Not here."

"Yes, here. Now." Kate commanded. She started to unbutton the silk blouse she was wearing.

"Someone might see Kate!" James exclaimed.

"I don't care. I've had a year where I can't touch you, talk to you, please you... God damn it even see you! You won't deny me this." Kate stated dominantly, as she took off her blouse and let it fall to the floor.

James looked at Kate's breasts, held in a white, lace bra. His doubts fleeted as she took his olive-green army vest off him. Even if he wanted to stop her, he couldn't. He'd have lost her all over again. He decided to give in to her demands.

James pulled Kate to him. His kissed her with a wild, unbridled lust and his hand quickly found her breast with its hard, swollen nipple. He squeezed her breasts hard, and she gasped in pleasure-pain. Kate's hand moved down to her short, black mini-skirt. She found the zip in the side. She let her skirt fall to her ankles. She bent down, and was about to remove her high-heeled stilettos, when James grasped her arm.

"Leave them." James demanded. Kate smiled her innocent, yet seducing smile. As she unbuckled James's belt, her mind flittered to her wardrobe, packed full of high-heels. James asked her to buy them... Hundreds of them. She knew he'd be the man she'd known a year ago when he saw her dressed in them... Only them. She knew how he'd become an animal - a lust crazed animal. He'd take her like a slut, and she'd succumb to his demands.

Kate finally managed to undo his army combat trousers, and she pulled them down to his ankles. James stood in his black boxer shorts, and Kate knelt in her white-lace bra and panties. She'd bought them especially, James thought. He could see her nipples through the lace, and her blond 'forest', as he liked to call it, through the lace in her panties.

James kicked off his boots and pulled down his boxer shorts, to reveal his long, thick member. Kate was still on her knees. James thought about asking her... She hadn't enjoyed giving him oral sex before he had left. She'd do it to please him, but rarely found satisfaction in it for herself. However, before James could ask her, he felt Kate's lips lock around the head of his cock. She began to suck him furiously, as if it was their last day together all over again.

Kate moved one hand up to James's cock. She clamped her fingers around it and began to masturbate him as she licked his cock-head. Her tongue entered his man's eye and she flicked her tongue up over it. Her left hand was grasping at the back of James's thigh. Every time she pushed her mouth down on his cock as far as she could take him, her nails dug into the back of his leg.

James looked down at the blond head, which was rocking back and forth, hungrily sucking on him. The back of his thigh was beginning to bleed, and become excruciatingly painful, but he wanted Kate to have her fill of him. James felt his testicles twitch. He wanted to cum, but he wouldn't. Not yet. He took a quick look around. He could see guards posted at the opposite side of the fence. Thankfully they were watching the soldiers and their wives.

James grasped Kate's hair and began to force her to suck him at a slower pace. He could not cum without feeling her tight pussy muscles around his cock. Suddenly he pulled Kate's hair hard, so his cock was forced from her mouth.

"Strip." James commanded. With that one word, Kate almost climaxed. He was going to take her like a slut. Force her. Kate stood and brushed the dirt off of her knees. She pulled one bra strap down over her arm, and then the other. She reached behind her back and unclipped her bra. She let it fall to the floor. Her breasts were now exposed. James's cock twitched again as he saw them. Just how he remembered. Full, perfectly curved, and with rosy pink nipples, standing to attention.

"More." James again commanded her. Kate let her hands stroke slowly across her body, and gently down to the elastic of her panties. She slowly pulled them down her legs, bending over slightly as she did so. James could see Kate's blond 'forest' in all its glory. He could make out her swollen little love-bud, and he could see her lips, swollen and moist between her legs. The sight alone of her naked, wearing just high-heels would normally have been enough to make him cum. He had to hold it back. He did, barely.

James roughly pulled Kate to him. He span her round and pushed at her shoulders until she was bent over in front of him. He pushed his cock-head inside her, and with one hard thrust, penetrated her completely. Having been celibate for over a year, Kate was extremely tight around James's cock. She wanted to scream, but she knew that if she did the soldiers at the base would think she was being raped, from the way James was harshly pounding her pussy; although little did Kate know that one of the soldiers had spotted them whilst checking the perimeter, and was quietly rubbing himself while he watched them.

Kate started moaning. She couldn't help it, she was about to climax. James pounded her harder and grabbed a handful of her hair. He pulled her head up until she was almost lifted off the ground. James held onto her hair with one hand, and roughly placed his big hand over Kate's mouth. He felt her pussy muscles tighten as he fucked her harder. She could barely stand up. Only James's cock, forced as far into her as it could go, was keeping her from falling.

Suddenly Kate shuddered. James let go of her hair and grabbed her around her waist. He felt her climax, and he pressed his hand tighter around her mouth. James slowed his thrusts down when he felt her juices drip down his balls and legs. He looked over towards the fence. A crowd of four soldiers had gathered to watch them. They all had their cocks out and were masturbating furiously. James forced Kate's head to turn and look at them. He bent his head down slightly, so his mouth was pressed against her ear.

"Look at them baby, all fucking themselves over you. You'd better put on a good show for them baby, or I'll have to punish you." James whispered into her ear.

Kate shook her head violently. She suddenly felt naked and vulnerable with all these men watching her. James sighed and lifted her gently off of his cock.

"What have I told you? You are my bitch and you will do as you are told." James commanded. He grabbed her hair again and forced her down onto all fours. He dragged her around by her hair like a dog, and then made her face away from the base, so the soldiers could see her leaking pussy. James held Kate's hair firmly as he bent down to pick his belt up. Kate cringed. All this attention was making him wild. He'd never even spanked her before!

James folded his belt over twice, so it became a short whip. He lifted it high over his head, and brought it down with a thunderous crack. Kate screamed. James bent over her.

"Scream again and I'll whip you harder." James stated. Kate murmured and nodded her head as best she could with him grasping her hair. Again his hand rose way above his head, and came down with the same mighty crack. Kate called out. With that, James began to whip her harder and faster. Kate was screaming. James stopped whipping her when he realised the men had left the base, and were now only feet away from him. One of the four men smirked at him. James nodded his head and gave them permission.

"No! Please no, James! I can't... Not five of you!" Kate cried, but it was no used. James stepped to the side, and held tightly onto Kate's hair. The men began removing their trousers and boots. All of them had fairly large cocks. One of them went behind Kate, and liberally wet the head of his cock with her juices. The man lay down on the ground. James pulled Kate's hair so she fell backwards, and lay on top of the man. Almost instantaneously, the man pressed his cock-head against her rim. He thrust lightly, and his cock slipped inside her ass. He stopped thrusting when his cock was deeply embedded in her ripe, virginal ass. James nodded to the next man.

The second man knelt in front of Kate, and again wet the head of his cock in her juices. But instead of pulling away, he thrust inside her. Kate moaned. Then the third man came over, and squatted over Kate's breasts. He positioned himself forwards slightly. Kate was about to protest when he slid his cock into her mouth. All three men began thrusting deep inside her, making her moan. The last soldier came closer to Kate and squatted down. He clasped her hand, and held it around his cock. Kate began to masturbate him. Her moans were becoming louder, but were muted by the cock that was thrusting down her throat. Had she been in another position, she probably would have been sick.

James came over to Kate and knelt down beside her. She held her hand out and desperately struggled to find his cock. James jutted his hips out slightly, and felt Kate grasp his cock. She began to masturbate him and the other man furiously, as the other three soldiers pounded her holes. James looked down at Kate. Her eyes were half closed, and she was desperately trying to fuck all three cocks and masturbate two cocks at once. James could see she was in ecstasy. He watched the two cocks pumping in and out of her pussy and her ass. He'd sacrifice cumming inside her for the chance to see her being used like this. Her pussy was soaked with her feminine juices. She must have climaxed at least a four times, James thought.

Suddenly the soldier Kate was masturbating ejaculated. His white seed shot all over her side and her right breast. Kate's muted moans told James that she liked the feeling of hot cum splashed over her body. James held back his ever-growing need to cum all over her. He wanted to see her leaking spunk out of her every hole before her allowed her his seed.

The next man to cum was the one who had been pounding her pussy. He grunted and groaned, and James heard Kate squeal in delight as he spilled his seed deep inside her. Next, his friend who had popped her anal cherry was groaning, and pounding her ass as fast and as hard as he possibly could. Another muted squeal let James know it was almost his turn. James fought his pending ejaculation until he knew the soldier that was fucking her angelic mouth was about to cum. More manly grunts, and Kate bent her head forward waiting for his seed. Kate swallowed most of him, but let some of his hot spunk dribble out of her mouth and down her chin. James watched a few globules fall to her breasts. The soldier that had been fucking her arse stretched his hands over her breasts, and began to massage the hot seamen into her breasts.

James could fight his ejaculation no longer. Kate grasped his cock tighter and began to rub him harder as she sucked the last few drops of spunk out of the cock that was still in her mouth. James bellowed out a manly groan, and he at last got to cum all over his angelic little sex machine. His cum flew over her body, onto her breasts, and on her face. Kate moaned and licked as much cum as she could off of her face.

* * * 

As James and Kate were re-dressing, James took her hand.

"You liked that, didn't you baby?" He asked.

"Mmm... Baby if my ass could take it I'd do that every day." Kate replied, seductively.

"Well we'll just have to find somewhere else for me to degrade you in public then, won't we." James stated. Kate giggled and hugged him. James looked down at her. Being a bitch was what Kate thrived on, he thought to himself.