 I grunted with effort as I lifted the box of props for the photo booth. It was full of silly hats, oversized sunglasses and little signs for people to hold while posing for pictures during the reunion later that night. The room was all set up, and the reunion committee and volunteers were starting to separate. Those who lived in town were headed home. Those staying in the hotel would probably get something to eat nearby or rest before changing for the big party. I figured I would take a nap in my room. My husband would be out with friends until an hour before the reunion. We had flown in the night before, and he could only take so much of my enthusiastic greetings to my high school friends.

As I was thinking about my nap, I felt the box lighten in my hands. James, always the gentlemen, had taken it from me. "I'll help you with that," he said. He may be a doctor now, but to me he is still the sweet, smart boy from class. I never felt like I had a chance with him, but that didn't stop me from fantasizing about him.

"Thanks," I said, grabbing a lighter bag of party supplies. "I'm just going to take these up to my room and bring them down later before the party." 

Then I felt a strong hand on my bare shoulder (setting up for a party is hot work), and it sent goosebumps down my arm. 

"I got this. We can't have the party chairperson overworked before the party starts," said Mark. 

I fantasized about Mark, the tall, thin redhead, plenty in high school, too. But the difference between he and James was that Mark and I had a real history of romance. We were never serious, never one of those fake marriage relationships that so many high school couples had.

I liked him and he knew it. And he started taking me home from school, knowing my parents wouldn't be home until 6. We started out making out, and it progressed. But I was a good girl, he had to work for it.

For weeks, we had passionate makeout sessions most afternoons. They got progressively hotter as he pushed further. First, he would cup my ass through my jeans and pull me close. He would kiss lower down my neck line each day. The next day, I wore a lower cut top and a skirt to encourage him. He moved lower, his lips and tongue lingering on the nape of my neck, along my clavicle and near the top of my breast. I could feel my nipples hardening, but he didn't reach in ... yet. He grabbed my bottom and his hands on my bare thighs sent shivers down the bottom half of my body. I encouraged him with moans, but he was scared to go much further. I clamped my thighs around his upper leg, pressing myself against him. I wondered if he could feel the wet spot in my panties against his leg. I felt his hardness against my leg and my belly. But he seemed scared to go further. 

When he finally got up to leave, I could see his jeans stretching to contain the hard-on he had had for an hour. After he left, I lied on my bed and imagined going farther. His hands caressing my breasts through my bra. His fingers gently brushing against my clit through my panties. Thinking about even more than that was beyond my then-inexperienced mind. I couldn't imagine the pleasure of his fingers on my breasts. His mouth on my nipples. I would explode if he reached beneath my panties and felt my wetness. I couldn't imagine what it would feel like to unzip his jeans and wrap my fingers around his hard cock. To stroke it. To touch it to my lips. To take it in my mouth. To feel it inside me. I pushed my panties aside and fingered my clitoris trying to imagine what it would feel like to straddle him. To reach beneath me and guide him to my entrance. To slide down his cock until our bodies met. To slide up and down until I exploded and he burst inside of me.

I was determined to go further next time. I wore my shortest skirt to school, with my best bra and panties. I flirted with him mercilessly, whispering in his ear and teasing him about how blue his balls must have been after our last session. And hinting that I might help him out today.

He seemed nervous that afternoon, but I was going to lead the way. We usually made out on the couch, just in case someone came in unexpectedly. But I grabbed his hand and took him to my bedroom this time. I pushed him so he was sitting on the edge of my bed, and I climbed on to his lap. I kissed him long and deep. I rubbed my crotch against his thighs, moaning and kissing his neck. He had his right hand wrapped around my waist, and I slid up so he was touching the bare skin between my top and my skirt. Finally, his left hand moved to my chest. Even through my bra and top, my nipple hardened from his touch. I moaned again, urging him on. He moved underneath my top and caressed the top of my breast. He cupped my tit through the bra. I needed more. I boldly took off my shirt and threw it on the floor. I arched my back against his hand, pressing my breasts against his fingers. He took the hint and pressed harder, teasing my nipples, still-covered by my bra. His fingers were centimeters from my nipples, which were dying to be touched. I grinded my hips against him, and I could feel his hardness. I pushed against him and whispered in his ear, "Mmmmmmm." I could feel the damp spot in my panties growing.

I slid down lower, so his other hand was now on my bra strap. He looked up at me unsure of what to do, so I arched my back again, pushing my tits closer to him. He kissed me the top of each of my breasts, moving both his hands to the front of my bra. I wanted him to take it off, because I worried he would think I was a slut if I removed it. Finally, his fingers moved to my back. I slid down to make it easier. He fumbled around for what seemed like minutes before the clasp was undone, and I helped him slide the straps down my arms. 

I still have great tits, but my 18-year-old breasts were even better - perfectly round with tiny pink nipples, which were completely erect and begging to be touched, licked and suckled. He stared at my chest for a couple of seconds, then ran his palms over each nipple. Tiny shivers went through my back and down my spine. I pressed upwards toward him. He kissed my bare breasts around my nipple. Then brushed his lips against the nipple, as I unleashed a moan of pleasure. He gave the next nipple the same treatment. He licked each nipple gently, and I could feel my pussy dampen. I grinded against his hard-on more. Then he opened his mouth and enveloped my nipple, sucking and licking each one with vigor. I felt like I would pass out from the pleasure. He took his shirt off, and pressed his chest against mine. I pushed him down onto the bed and pulled my skirt off. He undid his jeans and was down to his boxers. I still had never seen an erect penis, but his was pushing against his underwear like a tent. He was on his back, and I climbed onto the bed, kissing him deeply, and then trailing my lips over his neck and chest. I moved my hands over his arms, his chest and flat belly. He moved his hands over my back, my tummy and grabbed my ass with both hands, pulling me up to him. I was on my side, a little afraid that if I straddled him, there would be just a tiny bit of cloth between us. I wasn't ready to go all the way, but I worried that I wouldn't be able to resist from that position. 

His hand reached between my legs. I lifted up to give him access, excited and terrified at the same time. He rubbed against my panties and felt the wet spot. His fingers reached underneath, caressing my opening. He ran one finger over the lips from top to bottom, then in a circle. I had heard girls talk about clumsy boys jamming fingers into them, but he hovered around the outside, and pulling back the hood until he found my clit. My heart was beating fast, and my head was swimming. It felt so perfect, in this bed where I had touched myself so many times, this boy was gently pressing against my clitoris, licking my nipples, his cock engorged because of me.. 

He gently pushed his index finger into my opening, while his thumb rhythmically rubbed my clitoris. He pushed his head to my chest and took a nipple into his mouth. My whole body was vibrating with pleasure. I had never been able to make myself cum, but years later, I realized I was at the edge of my first orgasm. 

Then, the phone rang. I jerked up in fear, and answered. It was my mother, she was headed to the grocery store and asked if I needed anything. She would be home in 20 minutes. I hung up and kissed him. Desperately wanting to get back to where we were. But the spell was broken. Mark was late too. He kissed me deeply. Then he stood up with his huge hard-on, and awkwardly got dressed. I did the same and kissed him goodbye. 

We made out a few times more in high school, but we never had another session like that. And it took me a couple years to find a boy that could make me orgasm. Hundreds of orgasms later, however, I still felt like he owed me one. So you can see why, years older at the reunion, feeling his arm on my shoulder brought back a lot of memories.

We are both married now, so it would probably just be more material for me to fantasize about. I smiled at him in the elevator. He was still thin. He had lost some hair, but covered it up well with his military pilot's haircut. I giggled to myself, picturing him all those years ago trying to get his jeans over that hard-on.

I led the way to my room, with James and Mark behind me. I let them in and they both oohhhed and ahhed about the suite. This was the one benefit of volunteering to plan the reunion. The hotel comped us with the best room in the place. I showed them where to put the boxes and I picked up another box to make room.

"You're strong," said James.

"Thank you for noticing. I lift weights a couple times a week," I said, jokingly flexing my bicep.

"Wow!" Mark said. He came over and felt my arm admiringly. I flexed the other arm, and James ran his hand over that one.

"Don't mess with T, she'll kick your ass," James said, but I noticed he was staring at my chest, not my arm.

I rolled my eyes at him, letting him know I caught him staring. James giggled. 

"Sorry T, but I always admired your chest back in school, and standing next to you this close, I couldn't help but take another peek."

"They were tremendous," Mark muttered. 

"Excuse me!" I said. 

"Sorry, sorry, I didn't mean to offend you. You're married, we shouldn't be talking about your breasts."

"I'm not offended that you're talking about my tits, I'm offended that you said they WERE tremendous," I said. 

"No, no, no. That's not what I meant. I meant, I remembered that they were tremendous, and I'm sure they still are," he said, while Mark laughed - but still stared at my chest.

"They are even better than they were," I said. "Well, maybe not as perky, but bigger and still 'tremendous.'" 

"I feel like I've interrupted something," James said. "I'll leave."

"No, no, we need witnesses," I said, taking off my tank top to show my bra holding back my 34Ds. "Are these not tremendous?"

With one move, I undid my bra and showed the two cutest boys in my high school my grown woman tits. And they loved it.

Mark didn't say a word, he took one step forward and cupped my right breast. I felt like I was 18 again, as he ran his palm over my nipple, and lowered his head to kiss my chest, licked the nipple and then took the whole thing into his mouth. 

"Mmmmmm," was my only response, as I threw my head back and closed my eyes for a few seconds. I looked up, so see James had stepped toward us. He put his hand under my other breast, and used his thumb to rub my nipple. I thought he would run away, but instead, my little show and awakened his desire. He took my other nipple into his mouth. 

I had never had both my breasts suckled at the same time, and the pleasure knocked all other thoughts out of my head - including our spouses and the party starting in a couple hours. All I was thinking about was these two men pleasuring me and worshiping my breasts. Wetness spread from my pussy to my panties, and I could feel my lips opening in anticipation. My nipples hardened under their tongues, and I made guttural noises of pleasure. One of them, I'm not even sure who, had his hand between my legs. He pressed against my shorts. My hand reached down and brushed Mark's pants, feeling that familiar outline of his hard cock fighting against his clothes. My head was spinning with things I wanted. Mark's cock in my hand, James' cock in my mouth, Mark sucking my tits, James licking my pussy, my lips around Mark's cock while James was fucking me doggystyle, one of them cumming in my mouth, the other filling my pussy. I wanted it all.

I took each of them by the hand and led them toward the bed.

I pulled off my shorts, but left my panties on (I didn't want them to think I was too slutty). They could both see the wet spot growing wider with my desire. They each took off their shirts, both of them staring at me to see what to do next. I pushed them both down on the side of the bed, the same position I pushed Mark into all those years ago. I had learned a few things over the years, and they were both going to benefit from those lessons.

I unbuckled James' pants first (looking up at Mark the whole time to make him jealous). I knelt down in front of James, as his cock strained against his underwear. I pulled down his underwear and his cock popped out. I was surprised. It was not quite as long as my husband's but he had the thickest cock I had ever seen, and he wasn't circumcised. I reached down and grabbed the thick base and imagined him inside of me, spreading my pussy wider than it had been. I got wetter thinking about it. I looked up at Mark, holding another cock in my hand. I stroked James up and down. He was already hard, and he pushed up against my hand with eagerness. I wondered how long he would take to cum. Would it be in my hand, my mouth, or inside of me? The thought just got me hornier and made me stroke him harder. A tiny bit of precum showed on the tip of his cock. I used my finger to rub it around his huge head, then I gently flicked my tongue against the tip. James moaned loudly and threw his head back, pushing his cock up as if he was begging for me to take it into his mouth. The whole time, I stared at Mark. I wanted him to want me even more. I wanted him to wish it was his cock in my mouth, and I could tell it was working.

I slid over between Mark's legs, with my right hand still holding James' engorged cock. I took my hand away just long enough to get Mark's pants off, so there was nothing between us than his boxers, pushed up in that familiar tent created by his hard-on. I put my right hand back on James' dick, and used my left to rub Mark through his underwear. I traced his cock with my palm, from the balls to the tip, and back again. A spot appeared on his underwear as his cock leaked with precum. I smiled at him. I asked him if he remembered that sweaty afternoon in my room.

"Yes," he moaned. 

"Did you like that day?"

"It was the greatest torture ever," he said.

I smiled. "Do you ever fantasize about it?"

"All the time, except the ending is always different. The phone doesn't ring, and I keep sucking your tits and fingering you. Finally, you start to shake. You moan - 'don't stop' - and your whole body quivers with your first and best orgasm ever. You hold onto my shoulders as your pussy convulses around my fingers, screaming my name as your orgasm last minutes. After you stop shaking, I kiss your breasts, your flat stomach and the insides of your thighs. You tell me to stop, but I start licking your soaked pussy. I use my thumb to expose your clit, and start circling it with my tongue and sucking it gently. You moan for me to stop, then beg or me to keep going. My fingers go in and out of you as I lick you, all gently and slowly until another orgasm rips through your body."

The story, with his cock under my hand, is almost too much. I almost forget about James, whose is arching his back and moaning because I've been stroking him harder and faster. I release his veiny cock, and teasingly kiss the tip, licking more precum off of it.

"Mark, tell me more. How do I make you cum in your fantasy?"

"When you recover from your orgasms, you pull me up to kiss you. You start gently stroking my cock, which is aching and has been hard for an hour. You tell me that you've never made a boy cum before. That you're nervous. I tell you to just keep doing what you're doing. Then you slide down and start licking the top while you're stroking. You tongue the tip, and suck the head. I'm so hard, I can't last long. I tell you I'm coming, hoping you'll let me explode in your mouth. You nervously suck the head briefly and then stroke it hard. The first stream of cum flies out so hard it gets on your chest and chin. "Ooooooh," you shriek with surprise and curiosity. Another stream shoots onto your hand and my stomach. And you whisper "Cum for me Mark." You pull harder and until my spasms stop. Then you teasingly suck on my head again. It's so sensitive, I almost pass out, and you suck the last bit of cum out of me."

While he was talking, I pulled the underwear off and stroked his long, thin cock slowly. Looking into his eyes as he describes his fantasy handjob from 18-year-old me. My other hand goes back to James' cock for gentle stroking. I've never wanted cock more. My pussy is soaking. As he's finishing the story, I take Mark's cock into my mouth. But I'm not nervously licking like an 18-year-old virgin. I'm sucking like a grown woman who knows how to make a man cum inside her mouth. I take him out of my mouth and ask.

"So in your fantasy, you never actually fuck me?"

"You were such a good girl, so innocent. I couldn't even imagine fucking you in my fantasies."

"Well then this is going to top your fantasy," I cooed.

"I fantasized about fucking you plenty of times," James said. "I still do. Sometimes I dreamed about just pushing you down and pounding you hard. And in every fantasy, I cum inside you. Sometimes more than once."

I pulled on James' dick harder, holding it tight at the bottom. "You're such a romantic," I said teasingly.

I stroked both of their beautiful cocks. One dark, thick, veiny and uncircumsized. The other long, thin and pink. Both hard for me. 

I wanted both, all for me. Just today, not for a relationship or an affair. Just to make them cum today, to cum hard and to close the loop on my high school fantasies.

I told them both to lie on the bed - James on the left side and Mark on the right - and slid between these two naked men with aching erections. I leaned down over James, stroking that giant cock, and sucking the head. Mark sat up and watched as I gave the blow job more intense than he ever fantasized to his friend. He rubbed my back, and stroked my tits while I ignored him to focus on James, who was moaning gently as I bobbed up and down with his thick cock filling my mouth. Mark couldn't stop watching, and with one hand rubbing each of my nipples, his other hand dropped between my legs to the soaking spot in the center of my panties. It had been decades, but the feeling of his fingers stroking my labia, rubbing my clit then entering my sopping vagina brought back decades of fantasy and nostalgia. I was sucking James' cock, but thinking about Mark's, which I could feel pressing against my back, begging to be touched and sucked. 

Mark finally stripped the soaked remains of my panties and got into a rhythm, two fingers going in and out as his thumb rubbed my clit. I had the same rhythm going for James, up and down on his cock being all the way into my mouth and my hand tight around his shaft. James reached around me to cup my breasts with one hand, fingering my nipples just to give me one more pleasurable sensation. His other hand was gently running through my hair, and he was whispering my name and telling me how good it felt. I felt the orgasm building up in me, and couldn't believe I was finally getting what Mark tried to give me in my room years ago. That made me stroke James and suck harder. My pussy was clenching up as Mark rubbed my clit faster. It felt so good, I had to take a breath and stop sucking James for a second, but I kept jerking on that huge cock.
