 My wife loves vacations. Loves, loves, loves them. We had taken a several vacations before I found out her secret.

It is a long drive from Ohio to Florida. That year, we decided to make the trip in the car, planning to stop in Atlanta along the way to have a good night's sleep. So, what else to you talk about on a long car trip? We had exhausted the subject of the neighbors, our family and our jobs. We moved on to the greatest subject, sex. Or, not exactly, but close to sex.

"Yeah, I dated some girls in high school, even though I was shy. I remember one of them had a thing for me and a buddy of mine. Her name was Bev and she was one of those brick houses men like to talk about. She had a solid body, maybe a few pounds too many, but I loved the way her she walked, head held high with a walk that said she had a purpose in life. She really was very pretty, but she wasn't the most popular girl in school. She was curvy and had really big boobs. She also had a sweet face, one that said she was kind.

"She had been dating a buddy of mine, but they fell out. So, I and that buddy, Doug, were out one night, just driving around and getting slightly high, when we ran into Bev. We were at a restaurant, getting an early dinner.

"Now, I had been dating Bev, but I may have failed to mention it to Doug." My wife, sitting in the passenger seat, caught the hint of what we called "A Good Story," something I liked to tell her while we were making love. She had shifted in the car, turning her body towards me and putting her back to the door.

"Why haven't I ever heard of this Bev?"

"Oh, it was just casual, even if she may have wanted it to be more. We each wanted different things. I was going to go to college. She was going to stay at home and have babies. But I liked her, a lot. We shared similar values and she had a great sense of humor. And, she was a looker.

"I took her out. We watched some movies, walked in some parks and double dated a time of two for her friend, Alma." 

A semi passed, slightly pulling the car into the other lane because he was driving so fast. Or, I realized I had dropped my speed in order to concentrate on what I was saying. I did a mental downshift and got into the right lane of the Interstate. If I was going to tell, "A Good Story," I didn't want driving to get into the way of the story too much. But I still wanted to be driving, so that I didn't have to look directly at my wife. Some of this was going to be embarrassing. But I didn't think it was going to shake our marriage, going on 10 years now.

"Doug seemed glad to see Bev and he put his arm around her and brought her to our table in this restaurant. We invited her to join the two of us and she agreed, leaving behind her other friends. I think it had been a "Girl's Night Out" and Bev was going to be the topic of discussion for the rest of the group as she was being whisked away by two men.

"This seemed to be the appropriate moment to tell Doug that Bev and I had been seeing one another. He seemed a little miffed, but he didn't own anything here. Bev and I had been friends all through high school and a dating thing, now that high school was over, was none of his business.

"Doug was on leave, home from the Navy. I may have failed to mention that. I had the night off from work. Bev, it seemed, was between jobs, and so the three of us had nothing to get in the way of us making a day of it. And we did.

"Bev got the best of it, I think. We paid for her meal and Doug and I took turns having her on our arms, showing off our date. After lunch, we went to a mall and walked around, people watching and talking. We informed each other of what we had been doing. Bev, it seemed, had been seeing a guy we both knew and she was maybe going to marry him. Maybe.

"That didn't stop us. We knew the guy and wished him luck, but this day was our day. And there was competition there, too, so Doug and I tried to outdo the other in paying attention to Bev. She was eating it up, laughing, smiling and shining 'like a National guitar,' to quote Paul Simon.

"We got into my car, all of us a little tipsy after visiting a bar at 2 p.m. on a Tuesday. Sure, I shouldn't have been driving, but we had to go somewhere, even if I didn't know at the moment where we were going. This was back in the days of bench seats and the three of us fit easily in the front seat of my 1966 Chevrolet Bel Air. It was a monster, but a comfortable monster.

"It didn't take long before Bev, who was sitting between us, and Doug started kissing. Doug moved fast, holding her face with his hands and planting big sloppy kisses. He let one hand drop and moved his palm to her right breast. Laying it flat, he began molding and shaping her flesh through the thin shirt she was wearing. She had a bra on, too, as I remember later taking it off her.

"The breathing was heavy and the hands were going both ways. Bev had a grip on Doug's dick and I decided to get involved. After all, I had one hand free. I slid my right hand in between Bev's legs and started rubbing her there. The car was hot and I mean hot. I knew what to do and I drove directly to the new motel across from the high school the three of us had been graduated from.

"Keep my place," I said, as I opened the door and got out. I have never rented a room so fast in all my life. I almost threw my license and money at the clerk. She smiled a sly grin. Although she didn't see who was outside in my car, she saw that I had a local address and the look of horniness on my face. 

"Enjoy," she said, as I almost ran from the office, room key dangling in my hand.

"Let's go," I said as I got back in the car. Bev and Doug were lip locked and wouldn't have noticed it I had announced that the car was on fire. I got in, started the car and drove around the corner as Bev and Doug didn't even take a break to acknowledge that I was back in the car. They must have noticed that I was at a motel, but made no objections.

"It was a ground floor room and I pushed the key into Doug's hand. 'I'm going to get some beer,' I said, leaving them pawing at each other as they tried to fit the key into the door. I left, feeling sure they were going to make it inside. Or, maybe not. Maybe they'd just fuck in the parking lot in front of God and everyone.

"I bought a 12-pack of Heinekin, a screw cap bottle of white wine and a box of condoms. I flew back to the room and those two were already at it. I knocked on the door and Doug said, 'Go away.' But Bev came to the door, with her lipstick smeared across her face and a smile pasted on her lips. 'Come on in. The water's warm,' she said with the biggest Cat Who Ate the Canary grin I had ever seen.

"She took the wine, opened it and walked to the counter, where the plastic cups, encased in plastic, were located. She unzipped the plastic and uncapped the wine. 'Well, boys, it seems like it's time to start the party.'

"She poured the wine, took a sip and put it down. She looked at us, sitting on the bed with our mouths open, and began to walk in our direction. She took one step, putting her foot directly in front of her and then the second the same way, the way a model walks on a catwalk. And, it was sooooo sexy. She knew how to strut.

"She took small steps, making the most of what room we had given her. We were stunned, just watching and maybe even drooling. She looked like a Siren, a Nymph, a Greek Goddess. She was too, too, too sexy at this moment. And, she knew it. A woman possessed of this knowledge is powerful.

"Our dicks certainly knew it, too. I had to shift on the bed, my erection was so hard. Bev just kept coming until she was a foot away from us. We all stopped. This was magic. She was Venus, the goddess of love.

"As if on command, Doug and I stood, stepping to either side of Bev. She kissed Doug and then she kissed me. It was a long, lingering kiss, but it broke the moment of silence that her catwalk prancing had induced. Doug dropped to his knees and started unzipping Bev's jeans. I took Bev's arms and pushed them up so I could take off her pullover shirt.

"It may not have been perfect, but it seemed as if it were at the time. I got the shirt off without any trouble, smoothing my hands along her arms and cuddling into her neck. I kissed and licked the neck as I reached to her back to begin fumbling with the bra clasp. By magic, it came undone almost by itself. Bev reached up to hold the bra against her magnificent breasts and looked me in the eyes. At the same time, Doug was sliding her panties to the floor. She stepped out of the pants, still holding the bra and still looking in my eyes.

"Slowly, slowly she took her hands away and let the bra fall to the floor. It was a revelation. Bev and I had been dating, but neither of us wanted to jump into bed together. We had been friends long before we ever started dating and I had, up to this point, still thought of her primarily as a friend.

"Now, I wanted to take her, possess her, screw her, fuck her, lick her, have her and make her my sex partner for a long, long time. We stared at each other.

"Of course, Doug was noticing none of this. He was direct and pushed a finger into Bev's pussy as she stood there. 'Ooooh,' Bev said, as a look of lust came over her face. She pursed her lips and it seemed like a good time to kiss her. I did.

"As we kissed, I gently touched her breasts, sliding the flat of my palms over her hot, suddenly very, very erect nipple. I stopped toe consider that nipple and took it in between my thumb and pointer finger. Locked on to Bev's mouth, I heard and felt her breath shift as I tweaked her nipple. Or, maybe it was Doug, who was pumping his finger in and out of Bev's pussy.

"I broke away and let Bev fall to the bed as Doug continued to push in and out of her. She moaned and I followed her mouth, but this time putting my cock near it. She just turned her head and engulfed my hot, pulsating flesh.

"Doug had not been idle. He stood up, pulled off his pants and thrust his cock into Bev's pussy. She noticed it and moaned around my cock.

"I was standing off to the right. Doug was at the bottom of the bed. We didn't mean to, but we started thrusting in unison, he into her pussy and I into her mouth. Bev was getting well and truly fucked when I remembered the condoms.

"Do we need to cover up and put on condoms," I asked.

"No! Just fuck me you silly bastard," Bev said. "I'm on the pill and I want to fuck and be fucked. Now, get to it."

"I complied. So did Doug. Bev held my cock with her hand and pumped it as she fucked her face up and down my cock. Doug, in the meantime, was vigorously pumping her pussy, doing it so quickly, in fact, that I thought he was going to burst into fire. And, he did, announcing, "I'm cumming."

"He kept pumping into Bev until he suddenly froze. His face took on the look of ecstasy and he unloaded his cock into Bev. I knew when to take a cue and, as Doug backed away, I pulled my cock from Bev's sucking mouth, hearing a "pop" as I did so, and walked to the foot of the bed. I had never had "sloppy seconds" before, but I was going to do so now. I plunged my cock into Bev and started fucking her for all I was worth.

"Oh, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me," Bev cried. "Don't stop and cum in me," she cried. The excitement of the moment, not to mention the sucking she had been doing on my cock, led me to unload into her with a gushing push.

"Cumming," she said as I, too, was doing the same thing.

"That was the start of the longest day of sex I have ever had. Bev could hardly walk when we left the motel the next morning. I could hardly walk and Doug was reduced to one word responses. "Fuck," was all he could say about the night in the motel across from our high school.

"Well," my wife said. "Let me tell you about my threeway."