 As Larry sat across from the man on the couch, he couldn't believe that he was doing this, or that something like this was possible. He has heard about it through a friend over a week ago, and had spent many long hours on email and the phone to finally arrange this meeting. Bill, the man across from him, leaned forward and looked Larry in the eye.

"Are you sure?" Bill asked seriously. "This is the last and final chance to back out."

"I'm sure," Larry said with a deep breath and dropped the five one-hundred dollars on the table. He watched Bill pick it up with indifference. Like Larry, Bill was a student at the university. He was a senior and the head of one of the frat houses. To all outward appearances, Bill and his frat house was no different than any of the others. But two years ago, after discovering a very specialized need on the campus, the fraternity, most of them lawyers in training, started a secret club they called "Revenge & Company" to help those men in need. Larry didn't believe the story when his buddy first told him about it, but now, sitting across from the president of the club, he knew it was real. 

Revenge & Company was created for men who had been betrayed by girlfriends at school. It was a service that was always needed, and truth be told, there was much need for a sorority version as well. But that wasn't their problem. They were men, and the club was there only to help their fellow brothers. It was simple enough. Five hundred dollars got the scorned boyfriend whatever he wanted. Sometimes he only wanted to humiliate her because he didn't want to lose her. And, sometimes, the relationship was over and he wanted much, much more. 

For Larry, it was over with Annette. The moment he heard about the party, he ended it. They had been dating exclusively for over a year, and worst part for Larry was that she didn't even seem too upset when he told her that it was over. She had gotten drunk and slept with two guys at the same time at that party, and she brazenly told him that he could be replaced anytime she wanted. She hurt him, and now he had the chance to hurt her back.

"So," Bill said as he slipped the money into his shirt pocket. "We know the story, and you know what we can do. What's it going to be?" Larry frowned and looked to the floor. As much as he wanted to hurt her back, he still cared for her in some deep part of himself. Shaking his head, he steeled his nerves and looked back up.

"She told me that she could replace me anytime she wants," Larry grunted. "I want to make sure that every guy on campus knows what kind of whore she really is so no one will want her for anything other than a fuck for the rest of her time at this school."


Bill raised his eyebrows and smiled knowingly. "I get the idea. Next Friday we're having a party at the house. Annette will be there. Why don't you stop by as well."

"I'll be there."

***

Larry arrived by 10:00 and the party was already in full swing. He knew a few people there, and spent the next couple of hours having a few drinks and doing his best to avoid Annette whom he spotted shortly after his arrival. He not only wanted to not see her, but he was afraid that the guilt of what he had set up would be written from one end of his face to the other. She would get hers by the end of the night, and he wanted nothing to spoil it. It was easy enough to do. The large house was packed with literally hundreds of forms in various states of intoxication, all yelling and talking and running and dancing. It was a typical frat house party, Larry thought. He would have gone home shortly after arrival if it weren't for the set up.

His blood burned every time he caught a glimpse of her from across the room. She was dressed to kill in her short, black skirt and halter-top. Annette was a tall girl, a few inches under six feet, with long, blond hair that fell down the middle of her back that contrasted sharply with her deep tan. She was thin, with only small handfuls of tits, but with flared hips and the tightest, most shapely ass Larry had ever known. It was his favorite part of her. And it seemed a favorite part of most of the guys she flirted with before moving on, swaying her hips to enhance their view of her curved ass cheeks.

It was after midnight before Larry saw Sid pull Annette aside and talk with her. Craning his neck, Larry tried to follow the frat boy as he talked and flirted with his ex-girlfriend. Sid was one of Bill's friends, and was the indication that they were finally getting something going. He was a tall, broad man, and made it this far on a football scholarship. But when his knee blew out, it was Sid's intelligence that kept him enrolled even with the lost free ride.

Whatever Sid was saying seemed to work, and he escorted a blushing Annette towards to the stairs. Sid paused and whispered something in Bill's ear, and then glanced Larry's way. Larry was certain of the look, but didn't get a chance for a second look as Sid escorted the girl up the stairs. Larry started to head off in pursuit, but Bill intercepted him. 

"Come with me," Bill yelled over the music in Larry's ear. He pushed his way through the crowd into a side room. It was fairly packed, but the banging music was slightly muffled. "Outta the way," he snapped at a man sitting on an ottoman in front of the big screen TV. "My friend, Larry, here wants to watch some TV." Bill steered Larry into the empty seat and flicked on the TV. There was nothing but static and Larry frowned. "Don't worry," he whispered for Larry's benefit. "It gets better. Just stay put and watch."

He patted Larry's arm, and a few of the people in the room laughed as Larry was left alone in front of the fuzzy screen. Crossing his arms, he tried to keep his burning face averted and patiently waited.

Sitting on the large bed, Annette allowed herself to be kissed as the music and laughter droned in the background. She liked Sid's hard body against hers, and he was a pretty good kisser, she thought. She even allowed his hand to gently rub her upper leg. She felt electric currents run from his touch to her cunt and moaned. Sid finally broke the kiss with a wet smack.

"I heard about the party," he whispered as he nibbled her ear. "You really took on two guys?"

Annette blushed and started to turn away but decided to hold her ground. "I did," she said proudly. "Two at once."

Side smiled at her. "That must have been quiet an experience."

"I liked it." She tried to kiss him again, but Sid pulled back.

"You're here on your parent's money, aren't you?"

"H-how did you know that?" She pulled back and tried to cross her arms in front of her uncomfortably.

"Just a guess," he answered with a tone that made Annette think it was anything but a guess. "The story of your little sex night hasn't really gotten around. After all, threesomes aren't so uncommon at college. But what do you think your parents would say if they found out how their baby girl was spending their money?"

Annette's eyes widened. "What do you mean?"

"I mean," Sid beamed, "what do you think they would say if they saw the pictures of what you did?" Annette's jaw dropped. Was he serious? Pictures? She didn't remember any pictures? But she was quite drunk and barely remembered there being two guys that night. 

"So," she finally said defiantly, staring him in the eye. "What do you want, a fuck? Let's go." The door suddenly opened, and Bill entered the room with another member of their frat, Shawn, close behind. They closed the door and locked it behind them. Bill was head of this house for a reason. From a wealthy family, his fit build and good looks oozed American power and influence. Shawn was a thinner man, not bad looking in Annette's eyes, but not nearly as appealing as the other two. She liked her men a little fitter.

"It's going to be a fuck, alright," Bill said, "but with all three of us."

Annette's eyes widened. "No fucking way!" She started to get up, but Sid held her down.

"You do all three of us now," he said, "or you get to explain to your parents what you were doing in those pictures. Your choice." 

Annette stared at the three men for long moments. She considered making a run for it, but if they were serious, her parents would pull their money on the spot. Stories got around, but no one ever really believed them, especially when they came from frat boys. Her reputation would be stained, but not permanently tarnished. She had just enough drinks to talk herself into it before pulling her halter-top over her head, exposing her tanned torso and bra covered tits. What Annette did not know was that her top removal was done at the cheers of several men who now flocked around the TV. The TV screen had suddenly turned on to a bedroom scene at the same moment Bill and Shawn had entered the room. At first the gathered group watched confused. But confusion turned to excitement as they waited eagerly for the apparent foursome to begin. The picture was of decent quality, and there must have been several mics hidden about the room that provided excellent sound. 

Larry's eyes bulged, and so did the lump in his pants when the men advanced on her. He took a quick look around the room and smiled. The small crowd was quickly growing as word started to spread through the party. This was something Annette would never live down.

The men stood in a semi-circle around her as she sat on the bed, and Annette glanced once more when Bill started to undo his pants. Maybe this wasn't such a good idea, she thought. Oh well, maybe she could suck them all off quick, or even a quick fuck, and be done with it. Her eyes widened when Bill finally pushed his pants and boxers to his knees. His 8-inch cock sprang out and bounced in front of her face. It was beautiful in her awestruck eyes. A perfect thickness for its length, it was large without being obscenely huge. It made her mouth water, and she wanted to reach out and touch it, but waited patiently as the others slowly exposed themselves.

Sid went next and pushed his pants and underwear down. His cock was around 7-inches, smaller than Bill's, but it was also much thicker. She guessed it was as a big around as a pop can and there was no way she would be able to get her hand around it.

What made Annette - and some people watching on TV - gasp was when Shawn finally revealed himself. His cock bobbed obscenely from his thin frame. Like the rest of him, his cock was thin, but it was over 9-inches long and easily the longest she had ever seen. Her eyes stayed locked on the specimen before her until Bill finally spoke.

"Time to earn our inaction," he chuckled at her. "On your knees bitch."

Annette flipped her head to the side, sending her blond hair out of the way over one shoulder and sank from the bed to the floor. She immediately went to the middle of the group of men and opened her mouth as wide as she could around Sid's fat cock. It was a tight fit, and took a little adjusting, but she managed to plunge down halfway on his cock. Sid moaned and closed his eyes, locking his fingers in her hair. Annette's hands reached up and wrapped around Bill's large cock and Shawn's long, thin one. They were all such strange contrasts, but the girl was happy that none of them were tiny. If she was going to do this, she was going to enjoy all of it. 

She sucked Sid's cock for a couple of minutes while jerking off the other two before Bill grabbed her head and pulled her away. As soon as her head was turned, he plunged his cock into her waiting mouth. He sighed in delight as three-quarters of his cock sank into her mouth and slowly began to fuck her face. Sid shuffled to the other side of Bill so Annette could once again jerk off two cocks.

"Fuck," Bill grunted. "She's amazing with her mouth."

The contrasts of the thick monster and the thin one was even stranger in her hands, but stranger still was the feel of the thin cock in her mouth when Bill finally gave up control to Shawn. Shawn wasted no time in plunging his cock into her mouth. Annette had deepthroated before, but always on her terms. Shawn continued to feed his cock into mouth and it pushed easily into her throat until her nose bumped into his pubic hair. She was surprised at how easily the thin organ slid down.

As the men took turns having hand jobs and head, the room down below soon filled up. The single people stood and stared, but some of the couples became more aroused. One girl was on her knees, sucking her boyfriend's cock, while another guy fingered his girlfriend's bare pussy. The smell of sex soon mingled with the smells of the party.

Annette took turns on each cock, loving the different textures and sizes and tastes in her mouth. When she fucked those two guys at once, it was simple and quick, one after the other. They didn't take their time, or even let her suck their cocks. It was something she could get to like, she thought. She slurped happily on each cock in turn, stroking the others lubed with their precum and her saliva, until Bill finally pulled her off his cock and to her feet.

"That was good," he said, smiling at her. "Really good. But we want some of you now. Take off your clothes."

"Yeah," Sid said enthusiastically. "Let's see it."

"Show us what you got," someone from the TV room shouted out.

"Take it all off, baby," someone else joined in.

Annette licked her lips and tried to keep herself from shaking as she undid the front clasp on her bra and allowed it fall away to the sides. With a shrug, she dropped it off her shoulders and to the floor. Hooking her thumbs in the side of her short skirt, she wiggled her hips from side to side and the let the garment fall to the ground. Annette closed her eyes and quickly swept her thong after the skirt before she could change her own mind.

There was a gasp from three men before her and several in the TV room. She was breathtaking. She had an allover tan that including her small but firm tits, and around her mostly shaved cunt. Only a small, neatly trimmed line ran from the top of her cunt upwards, Her nipples were rock hard, and her clit throbbed brightly against the dark tan. She opened her eyes and found the men quickly getting out of the rest of their clothes. 

When Bill was completely naked, he moved and stood in front of her. Annette liked the way his fit body looked so close to her and for a moment expected him to kiss her. Instead, he shoved her backwards. Annette stumbled back and fell onto the bed, and before she could react, the men were on her. Bill went straight for her cunt, eagerly lapping at her wet cunt that was quickly getting wetter. He moved a finger along her slit before finally forcing it into her hot, tight hole. The other two kissed and licked and groped at her tits and stomach and sides and neck and anywhere else they could get at. Annette moaned and purred as the men worked her over. Bill's tongues and fingers were magic on her sensitive lips and clit, and the she quickly found that she liked the rough treatment the other two were giving her tits and body. It caught Bill by surprise when she suddenly locked her legs around his head and shuddered.

"Fuck," she screamed. "Fuck. Lick me. Fuck, I'm cumming. Yesssss."

Annette's entire body shuddered and shook with the massive orgasm that ripped through her over stimulated body. Bill licked and slurped at her lips, lapping up her sweet juices. He continued until she finally settled down, her body bathed in sweat.

"Anyone else want a go?" Bill asked as he backed away and wiped his mouth to the cheers of some of the people down below. "She's pretty tasty."

"I think it's time we got on with the real action," Sid said from her tit.

"Alright," Bill said as the three of them stood in front of her again. "What's it going be, sweetheart? Who do you want first."

Annette looked them all over through slitted eyes and finally lingered on Sid. "I want that one," she said, pointing. "I want that monster to fill me up." Sid smiled and started to climb onto her, but Annette moved out of the way. "On your back. You have to give me control of that thing."

Sid only shrugged and climbed onto the bed and lay down on this back. His thick cock pointed straight up at the ceiling. Annette pumped it a few times before straddling his hips and lowering herself until the head of his cock bumped into her cunt. She guided the cock head along her wet slit, rubbing her juices onto it, before finally forcing her hips down.

Annette closed her eyes and bit her lip as she tried to force the thick cock into her tight hole. Gritting her teeth, she repositioned her hips and forced herself down again. This time, the head of his cock popped inside. Annette moaned, much to the approval of the onlookers, and pushed down harder, taking more and more inside her. Her cunt walls strained to accommodate the large intrusion, but she finally made contact with his waist, taking his entire length inside of her. 

She sat on top of him for several moments, allowing her cunt to adjust to the huge size. Sid reached up and started squeezing her tits, running his fingers into the soft flesh. Annette moaned again and started to slowly rock her hips back and forth as Sid moved his hips up and down. Soon, they found a rhythm and Annette began to pick up speed, pounded herself off the hard cock.

"Fuck," she screamed and suddenly stopped. Her body shook and shivered and her cunt spasmed on Sid's cock. He could feel her juices flowing down the crack of his ass. "Fuck!" she screamed again and fell forward, her tits mashing into his chest.

What do you think?" Shawn asked as the two men watched. "Is that not the sweetest ass in the whole world?"

"Looks pretty good from here," Bill agreed. "Why don't you get some of that. The lube's on the dresser. I'm gonna get some more of that mouth. She's an amazing cocksucker."

Sid had his hands on Annette's hips and was gently coaxing her to move again when her eyes suddenly widened and she froze. Sid saw Shawn move in behind her and wrapped his arms around her body so she couldn't move.

"What's going on?" she asked with panic for the first time as Shawn's hand touched her ass.

"Just relax," Sid said, but with an edge in his voice that meant business. "You'll like this. Trust me. And you're going to get it either way." He carefully whispered the last part in her ear.

Shawn ran his hands over the firm globes of her shapely ass, kneading the flesh in his hands before finally smacking her hard. She whimpered but Sid held her firm. Shawn scooped two fingers into a jar of vaseline and applied the lube to her asshole. Again she tried to squirm, but Bill leaned down and whispered in her ear. She closed her eyes, but remained still. Shawn slowly but forcefully eased his two fingers into her ass. She screamed with the initial intrusion, much to the onlooker's delight, but forced herself to relax. She had done anal before, and knew what to expect, but never with a huge cock in her cunt at the same time. 

Shawn continued to push until his fingers were past the second knuckle and smiled. "She's got one hell of a tight ass. I'm going to love this." 

He finger fucked her ass a few times before he pulled free with a shriek from Annette, and smeared another blob of vaseline onto his cock. Working it over his entire length, he moved forward until his cock head touched her ass. 

"Now just relax," he warned her. "This is going to be great."

All Annette could think as the cock head bumped into her asshole was that she was glad his cock was so thin. Any thicker, and she was certain it would have torn her apart. As it was, she bit her lip and screamed through a closed mouth as the cock squeezed in its first inch. Going slow, Shawn forced two more inches into her before he pulled back nearly all the way out, scooted forward, and thrust in once again. This time Annette did not hold back and screamed as the cock seared into her delicate bowels. Six inches were inside of her when he finally stopped. Pulling back again, Shawn rammed into her hard until eight inches were deep inside her. Annette shrieked as she felt her insides rearrange to accommodate the two cocks that invaded her. It was the most full she had ever been in her entire life, and would never again feel so completely filled.
