 It was a night for reunions. I hadn't seen Stacy in ten years. Running into her at the grocery store had been such a pleasant shock, that I couldn't stop thinking about her the entire time I was getting ready to go out. I had already told my husband, Sam, all about her. In my stories of our times together, I had described her as the closest person to my fantasy woman I had ever met. She still was. 

The last decade had been wonderfully kind to her. If anything she was more desirable than before. She still had a youthful appearance, but now there was an impish glint of experience in her beautiful blue eyes. Neither she or I had grown any taller. We were both cursed to never make five foot tall. But what she lacked in height she made up for in so many other ways. At the store her long, straight, dark hair had been in a loose ponytail. She wore no makeup to hide her olive complexion. She still had a trim body that even the sweats she wore looked good on. All through talk of children and jobs I couldn't help but imagine her laying innocently against me, asking me what she should do, as she had so many years ago. 

In minutes it was if we had only talked yesterday. I never hesitated in asking her to join us at the local country bar later. She never hesitated to accept. The only moment of any sexual suggestion was when she asked me if I thought she and Sam would get along. I brushed a strand of loose hair behind her ear and told her that he would absolutely love her. 

I had to get my mind straight. After all, Stacy and Sam would not be the only introductions made tonight. I was meeting Sam's old friend from high school for the first time, as well. I had heard Sam and a few of their mutual friends talk about Steven before. He seemed to be a nice guy with a good personality. I wanted to make a good first impression. I wondered what he would look like as I blow dried my hair. 

Sam and I are known as "regulars" to the bar we entered. The music blared louder and the smoke poured out as he opened the front door for me. As we made our way through hugs and handshakes of other regulars, Sam led me to the bar. As he yelled out our beer order to the bartender, he slapped the man sitting on the nearest barstool on the back. When he turned around, and recognized Sam with a smile, my confidence faltered. 

Steven was a very attractive man, if for no other reason than the similarities between him and my husband. They had the same shaved head, the same style of facial hair, similar devilish smiles, the same perpetually relaxed way that they held their bodies. The only striking difference was the eyes. Where Sam's eyes had always melted me with the hot gold and green tones, Steven's eyes were so bright blue that I felt a chill run through my body as I looked into them. 

We grabbed our drinks and made our way to a somewhat quieter corner table. When Sam introduced me, Steven smiled and I made the fatal mistake of quickly looking away from his stare. My second mistake was looking at Sam instead, and seeing him recognize the embarrassment and grin back at me. This was going to be a very long night of very careful speaking and eye contact. I turned from Sam, a little annoyed that he knew me that well, and saw Stacy walk in the bar. I hadn't told Sam about inviting her, so he was surprised when I started walking away from the table. 

I heard him start to call after me and stop mid-sentence as he saw the direction I was heading. He was as captivated by the woman walking through the door as everyone else in the bar. I giggled as I realized it was like a scene from a movie, where the hottie walks in and even the music scratches to a stop. The music didn't stop, however, and I felt my confidence come back as I felt the envy around me when I hugged her hello. 

As I walked her by the bar for a beer, and then to our table, I kept finding myself staring at her. She was in jeans and a t-shirt, had a little makeup on, and had let her hair down. She made my mouth water. Just as I was wondering if she wore her hair like that because I had told her how much I liked it so many years ago, I caught her looking at me with the same kind of appreciation in her eyes. She quickly looked away and I grinned this time. 

I made the introductions, and noticed that Sam recognized her name immediately. I guess my stories of the good old days had made an impression. I knew that he was already thinking ahead to what tonight after the bar might hold. He and Steven were perfect gentleman. There was no doubt that they were interested in my friend, but they played it off well. After the second round, Sam politely asked Stacy to dance. She looked to me for permission....good girl.....and I warned her to watch her toes. 

Now the table was quiet. Steven was staring at the posters on the wall, deliberately not talking to me. I didn't think I had done anything to make him dislike me yet, but I wasn't sure. 

"I've heard a lot about you". I said. I did look him in the eyes, but only briefly. He seemed relieved that I spoke. So it wasn't dislike, but discomfort. 

"Don't believe anything Sam says....it's all a bunch of lies". We both laughed at his joke. I reached for a cigarette to have something to do. Steven lit it for me and this time the look was longer. There was something there. I wasn't sure what it was, but I could see the corners of his mouth turn up in a way that meant he had something on his mind. 

He cleared his throat and wiped the grin off his face. "Your friend seems nice." 

"She's very sweet". The thought of the double meaning made me smile and I covered with waving down the bartender. "Do you dance?" 

"Not well, why?" 

"Well, I was hoping you would dance with me later". It didn't seem like that big of a deal to me, but he seemed to almost choke on the drink of beer he was taking. 

"Sure, I'll dance with you. Will Sam mind?" It was cute to see old fashion traits in him. He tried the drink again. 

"You could ask if it makes you feel better, but, no, he won't mind. He might even get a kick out of it". I could see he was a little confused but that was OK. If Sam wanted him to understand he would explain. 

We spent the next several hours getting very inebriated, dancing, telling stories and laughing. Things were going extremely well. Everyone seemed to act like old friends. Stacy and I went to the juke box and I could almost feel the guys watching us walk away. As we looked through all the music, she stood very close behind me. I could feel her breath on the back of my neck and my ear. I couldn't concentrate on the music at all, so I just randomly pushed buttons. 

"You know you are driving me crazy, don't you?" I turned my face slightly toward her and smelled her perfume. 

"The feeling is mutual. Do you want me to stop?" She leaned into me as she asked and I felt her press herself against my back. 

I answered her with my own question. "What do you think of Sam?" 

"He's great! He's funny as hell. I could talk to him for hours and never get bored." That had made her back up a little so I leaned back to meet her body again. Finally understanding what I had asked, she added, "Oh, hell yes, he's gorgeous. I don't know how you ever get anything done with him around. His eyes make me feel weak." 

"In that case, no, I don't want you to stop. In fact I would suggest you not be so shy!" 

She squealed quietly and hugged me around the waist. I turned my face to her again smiling, and she kissed me quickly on the lips. "Tonight is going to be so much fun!" As we turned back toward our table the guys were staring at us unabashedly. Stacy and I both knew then how easy it would be to become the center of attention for the rest of the night. 

Stacy and I scooted our chairs closer together so we could whisper in each other's ears. It seemed to both please and infuriate the boys. We made suggestive toasts, light touches of each other's skin, and let them catch us staring into each other's eyes a few times. The next time Sam swept Stacy to the dance floor, Steven wasted no time making conversation. 

"Sam has told me a lot about you, too." There was that grin again. 

"He has, huh? Well, I can guess some of what he has told you, from the look on your face. What do you think?" Definitely the alcohol giving me courage. 

It seemed to be affecting him as well. Some of the shyness was gone. "I think Sam is a very lucky man. He and I were talking about getting out of here pretty soon. We could go back to my house. I'm right around the corner and have a spare room." 

Now it was my turn to look confused. An extra room? Maybe Sam had not told him what I had thought. "Sure, that sounds good. What are we going to do at your house?" 

Before he could answer Sam had come back to the table, laughing hard at something Stacy had told him. Steven was still smiling at me when Stacy fell into his lap, wrapped her arms around him and asked "So we are going to your place, right?" 

I thought he was going to die right there in the bar. It was obvious that he was trying to control himself and not do anything inappropriate. He just nodded and looked at Sam like he was apologizing. Now I knew that Sam had told him that I shared, but had not informed him that he like to share as well. We all made our way out and decided to ride in Steven's truck. 

Without discussing it, Stacy and Sam crawled into the back seat. I had a feeling that this is what Sam had been laughing about moments ago. I climbed up front with Steven. As he drove I saw him watching them in the back seat in the rear view mirror. I caught enough out of the corner of my eye to know that Sam had his hand under her shirt, and she had hers in his lap. Usually I would be completely hypnotized by this, but it was much more fun to watch Steven. 

When he pulled into the store parking lot to buy more drinks for the house, Sam jumped out. I caught Steven by the arm before he could open the door and leaned in close enough to whisper in his ear. I grazed it with my lips while I asked "Did watching them turn you on?" 

He didn't immediately pull away like I expected. Instead he nodded and let his breath escape in a rush, like he was relieved that someone else was in on the secret. I watched him slip out of the truck and right into Sam. Sam was really not good at playing mad, though, and threw his arm over Steven's shoulders. Stacy and I used the time alone for her to fill me in on Sam's plans. 

At Steven's house we drank some more, flirted some more, and touched some more. All of us were very careful to make sure Steven had a good view of what was going on. Eventually I asked if Stacy and I could borrow the shower and was rewarded with one of those nervous nods. As he closed the bathroom door, we let him watch the first real kiss of the night. With her soft tongue in my mouth I lost all thoughts of an audience. Later I would hope he had enjoyed it. 

We took our time in the shower, both to give Sam time to talk to Steven, and to give us time to reacquaint ourselves with each other's bodies. We played slowly and gently at washing each other. It seemed to be an unspoken agreement to not get to distracted until the guys were there with us. I could only stare at her while she dried herself and then came to me with the towel. I could feel the desire from her, but this was more than just that. Stacy had assumed the role she always had. The role of pleasing me in any way she could. 

We didn't bother dressing when we come out. Sam came to the sound of the door opening and Steven followed, looking down at the floor. I led Stacy to the bedroom that we had been shown earlier and turned on just the lamp by the bed. Sam followed us and began undressing. I took the time to watch Stacy enjoy my husband's body, then noticed that Steven was leaning against the door. He was already looking directly into my eyes when I asked if he were going to come in. Then as he took his first steps over the thresholds, I told him he should relax and undress since we all had already done so. I turned away to give him privacy and joined Stacy on the bed. Sam and Steven found their way to a couch. 

It was extremely hard to keep myself under control. We kissed softly at first, but quickly needed more. I ran my hand down her side and felt her tense. When I lowered my mouth to her throat, she threw her head back and guided my hand to her perfect tits. I followed my fingertips with my lips and tongue. As I sucked a hard nipple into my mouth, I heard her moan and it set me on fire. I kissed her stomach and licked the front of her hips while she writhed slowly under me. As I blew on her shaved lips, I lightly traced the inside of her thighs with my nails. Stacy squeezed her tits and tried to raise her hips to my face. 

I looked to the couch to see both men completely entranced. This was my first time to see Steven naked. Looking at both of them there made my heart pound in my chest and I had to swallow hard to get back in control. I laid down and pushed her hips back onto the bed. She spread her legs to give me more room and I wrapped my arms under her. When I finally let her feel my mouth, I wasn't gentle. I had wanted her all night and I wanted everyone to know it. I attacked her soft lips with my tongue. The noises I heard were not only from her this time. 

After a minute or two of taking what I wanted, I pulled back gently. Stacy put her hand in my hair and urged me back into her. Instead I eased my hand out from under her and ran my fingers up and down her pussy. It felt like hot, wet silk. I slipped one finger into her and heard her gasp. She rocked her hips to the rhythm I sat with my hand. I leaned back into her and flicked her hard little clit with my tongue. I knew she would cum if I didn't stop. I also knew that I wanted to save that for later, so I gently pulled away from her. She didn't complain, only looked at me waiting for instruction. 

I walked over to the couch and kissed Sam deeply. He and Steven were both rock hard and touching themselves. Sam gave me room to sit between them and I did. I put one leg over Sam's and the other over Steven's, then laid back. Steven tried to scoot over to make more room for me but I put a hand on his thigh to hold him in place. He flashed a look at Sam and Sam nodded. 

"Stacy, come here." She rose immediately and walked to us. "I missed you so much. Have you missed me? Have you thought about me?" To both questions she nodded and sweetly chewed her bottom lip. She looked so innocent, it was hard to treat her like this, but we both loved it. "Show me what you have been thinking about." She stood still a moment longer. "Now, please." 

She leaned over and started kissing me. I felt her restraining herself to keep up the innocent appearance that I liked so much. I reached my hand forward and softly rubbed her clit. That was all the encouragement she could take. She wasted no time putting on a show and instead went straight to sucking on and playing with my tits. It felt amazing. She was tracing around each nipple with her tongue, then barely grazing it with her teeth. 

I reached out to the right side of me and grabbed Sam's hard dick. I found the stroking that he wanted and then reached out my left hand to Steven. He didn't move his hand, so mine only covered his. Sam saw this and said "Let her, you'll enjoy it." He still hesitated for a second, but moved his hand. This time it was him I heard moan as I adjusted my grip and began to move. 

Stacy got on her knees so that she could be comfortable between my legs. Sam reached under her and played with her tits while she got into position. I looked at Steven and he stared back at me. His mouth was opened slightly and his breathing was heavy. I started to tell him to relax again, but Stacy put the first soft kiss on my pussy and I gasped. I laid my head back and let my eyes close. She had become much more skilled in the last ten years. She investigated every inch of me with her mouth, taking note of what affected me the most. Then she would concentrate on just those areas, just that movement until I was shaking from the pleasure. She made sure to not bring me to orgasm, but she came very close several times. 

Sam slipped out from under my leg and took Stacy by the hand. He sat on the edge of the bed and guided her head down to his lap. She looked up at him and I could see the change in him as he stared into her jeweled eyes. I watched as she stuck her tongue out and played it around the head of his dick. He twisted his hand in her hair and threw his head back as he pushed her mouth all the way down on him. 

I started repositioning myself between Steven's legs. He started to protest and I kissed him hard before he could speak. This time he was already kissing me back before he remembered to look to Sam. By the time he realized he hadn't received permission he already had his hand on the back of my neck pulling me to him harder. He almost jumped back away from me. "I'm so sorry." He looked so grief stricken that I felt sorry for him, but he was still stroking my hair. 

"Sam... a little help?" I kissed his neck. 

"If you want her to stop, just say so. If not, then just let her have what she wants." His breathing was getting harder now, too. It sounded so hot that I almost turned around. I wanted to see the look on his face. I wanted to watch as he moved her head faster and slower to please him. 

"You don't have to do this. I can just watch and take care of myself." It was whispered, but I knew that Sam had heard. I heard the sounds behind me slow and then stop. 

"Do you not want me? Would you rather have Stacy?" She and I both started to get up from the floor. It wouldn't have been exactly what I had in mind, but I knew that Sam would more than make up for any disappointments. 

"What?...Wait!" He grabbed my hand. It was the first time he had touched me on purpose all night and it sent a shock through me, as innocent as it was. Steven looked around at us and saw that we were all waiting now. "Please don't go." He meant it. 

"She asked you a question, dude. Do you want her?" Sam knew the answer. He just wanted to hear it. It would excite him to hear it. 

He swallowed hard and looked at me to answer instead of Sam. "Yes." 

I didn't want to make him uncomfortable any longer. I dropped back to my knees and took as much of him in my mouth as I could. I loved the feeling of him relaxing under me while his dick was throbbing hard in my mouth. I slowed down and concentrated on finding what he liked. I was amazed to find that it was almost exactly as Sam liked. I ran my tongue up and down the length of him, kissed and licked his inner thighs, and let him set the pace that he enjoyed. There was no more shyness. He held my hair and guided me up and down. He moved his hips like he was slowly fucking my mouth. 

Sam and Stacy moved back to the couch beside us. Sam put her on his lap and I heard her pleasure as she finally got to feel him inside of her. I looked up but Sam asked me not to stop. Stacy rocked back and forth on him and within minutes I heard her building up to an orgasm. I pulled away from Steven and moved between her legs. She tried to sit still but Sam was moving hard under her. I licked her clit while she came, then I licked and kissed her and Sam while they both caught their breath. I felt him push deeper inside of her every time I had my mouth on his balls. He stopped me before it became to much for him. 

I went to lie on the bed and touch myself. Stacy sat beside Sam on the couch. "Would you like to join her?" 

Steven didn't even answer. He just came to the bed beside me and started kissing me. This time, without the guilty conscience, he didn't have to be told what to do. His hands explored my body. At times barely touching my skin and making me shiver. Then grabbing me hard and pulling me against his body. His hand replaced mine between my legs and teased me with his gentleness. As I bucked my hips under him, he took the hint, and finally slowly put his finger inside of me. I saw Stacy and Sam watching us and touching each other. 
