 Sara and Andrea had been friends since High School, right through college but hadn't seen each other in several years. In the meantime, Sara had gotten married to Jeff. Andrea hadn't met Jeff and Jeff was looking forward to meeting the woman whom Sara had described as her closest friend, someone she'd been able to share anything with.

Andrea showed up about 20 minutes early for their dinner get together. She apologized when Sara met her at the door and said she hoped it wasn't a problem.

"Hell no, don't worry about it, come in here," said Sara as they embraced, telling each other how much they had missed each other. Sara showed Andrea to the couch and called out to Jeff who was upstairs finishing getting dressed. It was unusual that Sara was ready before him, but it had worked out ok. 

Jeff came downstairs once he had finished dressing. As he walked into the room, he smiled and held out his hand to Andrea. They shook hands as Sara introduced them. Andrea's hand was larger than many of the women's hands he had held, but the skin was very soft and Jeff noticed that her palm was just a bit moist. He got a couple of butterflies in his stomach when he realized that he was attracted to her. She had an amazingly pretty face, not glamour girl pretty, basic, girl next door pretty, much like Sara. Her smile was warm and friendly and he found himself mesmerized by her eyes. He had to shake himself back before Sara would notice his reaction, which he KNEW she would.

"Hi, I've heard a lot of good things about you," he said, somewhat awkwardly, withdrawing his hand while he still could. "Same here," said Andrea. 

"Why don't we sit and have a glass of wine before we go out," suggested Sara, noting that the dinner reservations weren't until 8 pm and it was only 6:30. Andrea and Jeff agreed, but Jeff insisted that he get the wine while Sara and Andrea got caught up. 

As he opened the wine and got the glasses, Jeff was starting to get a headache. He couldn't believe how attracted he was to Andrea. He thought that, even though he didn't feel she came even close to his wife in absolute beauty, she was very soft on the eyes and he was fighting back his amorous thoughts because he could feel a tingling in his groin.

"Great this is all I need," he thought. "This whole night is going to be freaking uncomfortable as hell. I can't bow out of dinner but if I go, I'll probably embarrass myself by staring at Andrea, Oh well, I'll just think baseball, isn't that what we've always been told to do? Damn."

He poured the wine and brought out some cheese and crackers as well which helped to delay his reentry into the living room. He took a deep breath and went back in. 

Funny enough, as he entered, his eyes focused on Sara first and he realized how much he really loved her and just how gorgeous she really was. He felt relief at this, thinking maybe the lust that had started to build for Andrea had passed.

About an hour later after some small talk, much of which left Jeff feeling out of place, Sara noticed the time and off they went to the restaurant. Jeff, though still attracted to Andrea felt quite confident that he would get through this nicely and maybe, JUST MAYBE, Sara wouldn't catch on to how he had almost wet his pants when he and Andrea had shaken hands.

At the restaurant, things had gone very well, Jeff and Andrea got along quite well, which pleased Sara since she did NOT want Jeff to feel like a third wheel. They laughed and talked and Jeff even got lost in his meal at one point (the house specialty which Jeff had often compared to great sex), not even caring that the girls were even there. Andrea got a chuckle out of that. Jeff felt much better now. Oh sure, he knew that at some point in the next few days he'd probably have a masturbatory fantasy over Andrea, but that was as far as it was going to go. Sara had NOT been replaced or even had her place threatened. Jeff sighed aloud at the thought causing Sara and Andrea to laugh thinking that he was reacting to his meal.

Back at the house, Sara and Andrea got comfortable on the couch while Jeff went for some more wine. He was in one of the best moods of his life and NOTHING was going to ruin it. He could hear the girls talking in low tones and giggling in the other room and it pleased him. He was so glad his wife and her friend were together. He figured that he'd just sit for a few and then excuse himself to go upstairs and let them chat.

When he came out, the girls suddenly sat upright as if caught in the act and started to giggle again. "What are you two up to?" he asked.

"Nothing," they replied coyly in unison, and giggled again. He started to laugh too and sat down.

After about 20 minutes of drinking and chatting, (not once did the girls let on as to what was so funny.) the three of them were feeling quite mellow. Jeff was having a wonderful time and didn't really want to leave, but he felt it was the "gentlemanly thing to do" and he excused himself.

"You girls are wearing me out and I know you have lots to talk about, so, please excuse me, I'm going to upstairs and get ready for bed, maybe watch the news." Jeff stood to leave and gave each a little hug and kiss on the cheek.

Once upstairs, he felt a little saddened at having left, but he would be strong and just watch the news and relax. He had brought a glass of wine up with him. He stripped down to his briefs and stretched out on the bed.

A few moments later, Sara came into the room and sat on the bed. She said, "You don't mind that I asked Andrea to stay here tonight, do you? We have the spare bed in the other room and I don't want her to have to go to a hotel."

Jeff sipped his wine and scratched himself as he hesitated in his answer (just to get a rise out of Sara), "No, I guess not. Does she snore?" He smiled and chuckled to himself.

From the doorway, he heard Andrea say, "No, I don't snore" and she entered the room smiling.

It took Jeff a second to realize he was just in his underwear and he grasped for the covers, but Sara was sitting on them and didn't budge. 

"Um, sorry, I," he stammered and then to Sara, "would you MOVE please?!?" But Sara only laughed.

"Oh don't be silly," said Sara, "it's not like Andrea has never seen a guy in his tighty-whities before." and both she and Andrea laughed. 

Jeff at first thought they were laughing at him since he DID look a little silly, on top of the fact that he had a bit of gut and he was a little self conscious about his "size". However, after a few minutes in this situation, he laughed too. 

Andrea sat on the bed next to Sara, looked down at Jeff's crotch and whispered to Sara, "Are you sure he's going to go for this?"

Sara smiled and with a little giggle said, "Didn't you see the way he looked at you when you first came in the door tonight?"

Jeff was dizzy and felt like he would black out. He wasn't sure what was going on, despite the fact that he'd read about this type of thing in almost every issue of Penthouse he'd ever picked up.

Sara ran her hand up Jeff's leg and leaned forward. She said softly, "Andrea thinks you're cute and was wondering if you might fuck her. I told you we shared EVERYTHING!"

Jeff was hard before Sara had even finished the sentence. Andrea couldn't help but notice nor did Sara, who promptly kissed Jeff on the lips and began to lower his underwear over his erection.

Andrea stood up and began to undress, gazing at every inch of Jeff. When their eyes met, she was naked. Sara stood up and went over to the chair which was just beyond the end of the bed and sat down.

"If my watching makes you uncomfortable, just say so," she purred. Neither Jeff nor Andrea replied. Jeff suddenly had a thought, "is Sara testing me? Will she leave me if I go through with this?" He stopped Andrea from touching him and said, "Sara, I can't do this. It's not right. You're my wife and I want only you!"

Sara smiled and said, "If you pass this up, I'll never let you do it again. Don't be an idiot. I love you too honey, and I trust you. Plus, Andrea's my best friend and horny, I'm doing this for ME as much as you. I want to watch. Now, get to it."

Andrea and Jeff began to kiss passionately, embracing each other tightly. She ran her hand down his side and up his chest. Jeff ran his hand down her back and cupped her bottom as their tongues intertwined. She reached down between his legs and gently grasped his swollen cock. She kissed his neck and ears as her fingers brushed the tip of his throbbing member, pushing back the little bit of foreskin surrounding the head. She began to slowly pump his organ, her fingertips brushing the top of his sack. 

Jeff moaned slightly and let his own fingers caress her breasts. Andrea let her lips glide down Jeff's body, kissing and licking a little every few inches. When she got to his cock, she flicked her tongue up and down the front of the shaft several times. Every time she reached the top, she would insert her tongue in the serpent's eye, then kiss it. She finally wrapped her lips around his swollen cock and he could feel how wet her mouth was as she took him in.

Jeff was laying back enjoying himself, Andrea was sure good at this he thought. He had his hands behind his head and his eyes closed and could feel her tongue tracing the edge of his foreskin and her lips tensing and releasing on his cock head. 

Andrea's heart was racing as she sucked and stroked the shaft. She hadn't given all that many blow jobs before and many of them had been to bigger guys, but Jeff tasted especially good, she had no idea why, but she liked it. She kissed her way down to his balls and drew one of them into her mouth, grazing the skin with her tongue. She pulled back and gently massaged his scrotum with her hand as she kissed his inner thighs. He shaved his privates, that was considerate.

Sara was sitting in the chair. She felt flushed and her palms were sweaty. She had never really considered doing anything like this and couldn't believe how much she was enjoying the spectacle going on before her very eyes. She felt her own womanhood getting moist as Andrea devoured her husband's stiff cock. Andrea seemed like a total expert on oral sex and Sara watched intently. 

She watched each and every move Andrea made and Jeff's every reaction. He was definitely enjoying himself. She watched as Andrea's lips slid gracefully up and down Jeff's shaft, leaving traces of saliva glistening on the sides. She watched as Andrea's fingers toyed with Jeff's balls and how Andrea squeezed Jeff's ass cheeks. She watched as Andrea's naked ass rose and fell above her calves as she worked Jeff's hot throbbing dick. She could see how Andrea's ass cheeks pursed and seperated as she moved over Jeff. She watched Andrea's pussy lips open and close with each move, the moisture causing a slight 'smock' sound as she moved. Sara was getting wet herself and began to rub herself through her pants.

Jeff opened his eyes slightly, looking over at his precious wife. He watched her squirming in the chair as she rubbed her crotch. He saw her stand up just enough to slide her pants down over her hips and onto the floor. He watched her slide her fingers around her wet pussy lips and onto her clit. He smiled.

Andrea in the mean time was sucking wildly on his cock, pumping him for all he was worth. He moaned and his legs began to tense as he knew he was nearing orgasm. Andrea apparently knew it too and suddenly stopped pumping. She gave him a little more licking and kissing, but that was it. She smiled at him and he smiled back. He was somewhat disappointed at having not been able to "finish", but he knew the evening wasn't over so, he just smiled all the more.

Andrea kissed her way up his body, her fingertips gliding up along his torso stopping momentarily to trace his belly button and nipples. She seemed to like playing with the hair on his chest. She moved to his mouth and kissed him deeply, her tongue probing for his tongue which he gladly extended for her to taste. He could taste himself on her lips and tongue as he used his mouth to explore hers, her teeth, her gums, inside her cheeks. He sucked on her tongue, she then replied in kind.

Sara still had her eyes fixed on them as she slowly rubbed her wetness. She could hear how wet she was with each movement of her fingers. She inserted two fingers inside herself and slid her free hand up and down her thighs, slowly.

Jeff began to kiss Andrea's neck letting his lips pause from time to time and his tongue to slide out and lick her skin. He could smell her perfume and taste it. He nibbled at her earlobe and sucked it into his mouth, flicking it with his tongue. 

Andrea moaned as their bodies rubbed against each other. She moved up onto Jeff and offered him her ample bosom which he happily went for. He cupped her left breast and began to slip his tongue over the areola, tracing the dimensions of it. It was big and her nipple was the size of the tip of his pinky finger. He sucked it into his eager mouth and began to bite it as he lay her down on her back. Andrea's eyes caught sight of Sara who was still slowly rubbing her wet swollen clit. Andrea stared into the area between Sara's legs and licked her lips as Jeff kissed his way down to her own dripping wet gash. She could feel Jeff's lips kissing her where her leg met her crotch, just outside her pussy. She could hear him sigh as he withdrew a bit to gaze at her pussy. She moaned loudly as he put his face to her and slid his tongue over her lower lips. His tongue wasn't long, but Andrea felt that he knew how to compensate for that. His tongue darted in and out of her and his teeth bit her clit causing just enough pain to cause her to jump slightly, but she liked it and pushed his face back into her.

Sara watched Jeff eating Andrea and knew quite well how good he was since he had done it to her so many times and so well. She imagined how Andrea must be feeling as Jeff put his whole mouth over her pussy and let his tongue just sort of dangle over her lower lips. She quietly gasped as Jeff gently lifted Andrea's buttocks and spread her cheeks, guiding his tongue between them. Sara listened as Andrea's breathing became more rapid. She looked down at Jeff's balls swinging back and forth between his legs. She could see the head of his still throbbing erection and the glint of pre-cum at the head. She worked herself faster, but only slightly faster. Sara hoped to cum at the same time as Andrea and Jeff.

Andrea had never gotten a "rim job" before and it felt funny at first, but Jeff seemed insistent. He even lifted her and put her on her knees so he could get at her more easily. She was facing Sara and watched as Sara continued to finger herself, her eyes half closed. In no time at all, Andrea was lost in the ecstasy of it all. Jeff licked her bum all over and let his tongue glide into her bum hole as far as it would go. Then he moved his face back down to her clit. He went back and forth several times, almost like a madman obsessed. She could feel how wet he had made her. She almost seemed to be dripping. 

Jeff was taking in every drop of juice that Andrea oozed out. His tongue collected ever drop and his lips kissed ever moist spot. He was enjoying this, not so much because Andrea was so beautiful, but more so because his wife, who was MORE beautiful than Andrea, was enjoying this too; maybe even more than he was.

Jeff stopped and stood behind the sopping wet Andrea who still had her ass in the air. He took his cock in his hand and guided it towards Andrea's cleft. His cock went in smoothly. Her pussy enveloped him. He pushed it in as far as he could go and stood for a moment. He glanced over at Sara. They smiled at each other and just for fun; Sara took her finger from her pussy and licked it, knowing it would drive Jeff wild. He smiled wider and mouthed "I love you". She did the same.

Andrea was slightly surprised when Jeff stopped his oral work on her, but didn't complain since it actually took her a couple of seconds to realize it. She looked behind her to see Jeff smiling and she looked to see Sara smiling back at him. She smiled too. She knew that they had something very special and that she was now a part of it. She could feel Jeff's cock inside of her. He wasn't very big, but he filled her well. She felt the first thrust and it felt far better than she expected. Jeff's hard cock glided in and out of Andrea with ease. She was so wet that her pussy offered no resistance to Jeff. She felt the head of his dick pop out from time to time, but the re-insertion only heightened her pleasure. She loved the way he ran his thumb over her bum hole as he pumped her. Andrea looked up again at Sara and wondered for the first time what a woman tasted like. Sara looked so good and so inviting, but she was so caught up in what was happening to her, she couldn't get the words out to invite Sara over. She simply licked her lips and watched intently as Sara rubbed herself vigorously.

Sara stood up again and slid off her shirt. She longed to rub her breasts but hadn't gotten around to releasing them from her bra. She looked at Jeff, his eyes closed as he slowly filled Andrea. She then looked at Andrea and could see Andrea licking her lips, staring at her Sara's pussy. Sara smiled at the thought of Andrea being attracted to her, but at this moment, this time it would just be Jeff and Andrea. Sara couldn't help but tease Andrea just a bit, she moved over to the bed and put one leg up, right in front of Andrea's face and began to rub herself again. Andrea raised her head a bit to look and a bit of Sara's juices dripped on to her forehead. 

Andrea felt the drips as she watched Sara rubbing herself. She reached out and touched Sara's leg, but Sara didn't respond right away. When she did, she only pulled away and knelt down in front of Andrea. She leaned into Andrea and kissed and licked her lips. Then she moved back slightly and said, "I didn't know you might want me. It's too late for that. It's just you and Jeff tonight." Sara then went back to the chair. Andrea felt a bit cheated at first, but then, as Jeff's balls bounced off her clit, she focused back on her new lover.

Jeff thrust himself in and out, never keeping a steady pace; sometimes fast, sometimes slow, sometimes gyrating around. He had done it this way with Sara so many times and since both he and Sara liked it, he figured it was a sure thing. Andrea didn't mind, she bucked back and forth like a wild animal, reaching back with her left hand to spread her butt cheeks a bit. Jeff looked down, watching his hard cock going in and out of this ever so sweet pussy. Sara was now moving around the room and stood behind him.

Sara got behind Jeff and as she rubbed herself, she knelt down behind Jeff and reached up to lightly grasp his balls, stroking them carefully as he pounded Andrea. His pace now quickened. Sara, partly out of curiosity and partly to tease, let her fingers touch Andrea's clit as Jeff went in and out. Sara rubbed Andrea just a bit and was surprised at how good Andrea's wet pussy lips felt on her fingertips. She could hear Andrea's breathing becoming more and more labored as she rubbed, so she continued. She lay down on the bed next to where Andrea was on her knees and it made reaching Andrea and herself much easier. She was enjoying this as was Andrea and Jeff seemed to be enjoying it most of all.

Andrea could feel the fingers rubbing against her clit as Jeff's hard cock thrust into her, over and over again. She knew it was Sara because she knew that Jeff could never have reached her there and the fingernails were a serious giveaway. She had never been touched by a woman and it only seemed to add to the excitement and delirium of the moment.

Jeff blurted out, "Oh damn, I'm gonna cum". Sara rubbed herself and Andrea even more vigorously as Jeff got in the last few pumps before exploding, firing his hot jizz deep into Andrea's pussy. Each slow and deliberate push and pull of his dick produced more cum.
