 It was a cold night, nothing going on and Stephanie and Rich were just sitting around. It was one of those wonderful nights where the kids were on a sleep over and they just had the house to themselves. After almost 20 years of marriage things had gotten a tad stale, but that didn't mean that there was no sex, just sort of routine sex. Now and then they'd try to make up for it with some role playing or maybe switching up the order. They even tried anal once or twice and, eh, it was fun, but not what they had hoped for. With the night to themselves and not much on TV, they were both feeling a bit randy and began to discuss having a little roll in the hay after dinner. Both of them were beginning to look forward to it, although as Rich pointed out, "Planning it, well, that kind of takes away from the spontaneity doesn't it?"

Steph agreed but said, "Do you want to screw around later or what?" He did, he shut up.

As they sat down to a lovely meal of pork chops and mashed potatoes, there came a knock at the door. Rich, feeling just a touch of irritation, got up to answer it and found Dave standing there shivering. "Sheeeet, get your ass in here. What are you doing out and about? It can't be more than 25 degrees out." 

"Lydia and I had a 'discussion' and I just had to get out. I'm really annoyed with that woman." Replied Dave as he took off his coat.

"So, what was it about this time?" asked Rich as he brought Dave into the kitchen and offered him some wine.

"She's just, oh, a pain in the ass. I'm constantly having to pick up after her and clean her messes. She's like a damn kid. Tonight, she comes home from work, tired as hell, so I offer to make her something. 'NO' she says, 'I'll make something.' And she did, but nothing for me and the kitchen was a disaster zone. Come to think of it, I'm starving and those pork chops look tasty." Explained Dave sitting at the table and making himself comfortable.

Steph just smiled, nodded and then glanced at Rich with an evil eye. She conveyed her thoughts telepathically to Rich (as married couples can do now and then) that he was welcome, but would have to leave so they could fool around. Rich got it and just quietly and covertly shrugged.

Dave gobbled down a chop and some potatoes like he hadn't eaten in a month. They ended up going through three bottles of wine and all were feeling very relaxed when Dave suddenly said, "Hey, you got that hot tub up and running? I bet on a night like tonight it would be amazing!"

Steph sighed. Rich said, "Hey, yeah, tonight would be perfect. What do you say Steph? Wanna go and relax in the hot tub?"

"You boys have a nice soak. I'm not in the mood." She somewhat snarled. Well, there went the make out session.

Rich and Dave cleared the table, got another bottle of wine and sat just inside while the tub warmed up. Once it was up and running and the water jets were blasting away, Dave said, "Do you have an extra bathing suit? It's not like I brought one."

Rich said, "Hell, I don't but who gives a damn. We're adults. Let us explore the NAKED TRUTH!"

They both laughed and figured, what the hell. They stood to strip, not even considering the fact that Stephanie was still sitting there, but hey, this wasn't the first time company had been over and naked in the tub, so Steph was no virgin. The last time they had used it with other people, Dave, Lydia and another couple, Jerry and Cindy had been over and they had all gotten naked. It had been innocent fun and after everyone had left, Steph and Rich had an amazing night of sex having both been just a bit turned on by seeing their friends naked. 

Steph pretended not to look, feigning embarrassment, but she checked out Dave's package. "I could enjoy that." She thought to herself as the boys scampered off across the cold porch to the tub and plunked themselves in with the wine in tow.

They say out there for about 10 minutes. At one point, Rich had needed to come in and use the bathroom. Not long after it was Dave's turn. Dave just strode on past. As he did, he placed one hand over his pecker and said to Steph, who was now sitting watching TV, "I'm a gentleman and won't expose myself to the lady of the house." He was tipsy and funny. Steph laughed a bit. 

When he came back through doing the same thing Steph said, "Oh, don't be such a prude, I've seen it before and frankly, Meh." Dave looked hurt but then added, "Well, it's the best I've got, meh, or not!" and he proudly showed himself as he marched back out the door. Steph was howling.

Not long after, Steph stuck her head out and asked how the boys were doing. Rich asked her to get another bottle of wine for them. Which she did, grateful that they had bought a case the last time they visited that vineyard out in the valley. When she brought it out, all opened, she had an extra glass. "Mind if I join you guys?" She asked. 

Rich began to say sure when Dave piped up, "You sure you can handle the two of us?"

Steph chuckled and said, "I'm a strong determined woman and I can handle anything and any one. Be right back."

She went inside, stripped down to her bra and panties and went back out, almost vaulting into the tub to get out of the cold. She poured some wine into her glass and sat back. That's when she noticed the look on the boys' faces. Utter disappointment. They looked like their dogs had just died; and they were laid off; AND they were being deported to some third world country. "What?" she asked, genuinely unaware of what was troubling them.

"You're not naked," whined Rich. 

"You're wearing stuff," whined Dave. "We're naked, why aren't you?"

Steph hadn't really thought about this. She had just done it. She wasn't sure it would really be appropriate to get naked with them even though she'd been naked in front of Dave before and...She realized she was thinking this through a little too seriously. She slipped off her bra and tossed it onto the deck. Then she slid out of her panties and tossed them as well. They immediately froze on the deck.

"THAT is more like it!" Declared Dave.

They sat and talked, each having to 'make a visit' once or twice and frankly, it was Dave who brought up the fact that, maybe they had been in the tub just a little too long. "Don't get me wrong, I'm having the time of my life, but don't doctors advise people not to be in one of these for too long?"

Rich and Steph agreed maybe an hour was pushing it. "But this naked time is just so freaking cool" added Dave. "I feel like I'm a party pooper."

They got out and went inside where Steph got towels for them. "You know something Dave," she said when handing him his towel, "Who said 'naked time' has to end. The hell with it. Let's just sit like this. The house is warm enough and it'll be a bit before we can get dressed anyway." 

Dave just smiled broadly and agreed. Rich seemed to like the idea as well and, opening their 5th bottle of the night (thank GOD it was a white Zinfandel and the alcohol content was low) and sat together talking and kidding around.

Then, out of the blue, Rich looked straight at Steph and said, "So, what do you think of Dave's cock? Would you say he's bigger or smaller than I am? He LOOKS a bit bigger I guess."

Steph was very much caught off guard. Had Rich noticed her continuously checking out Dave or was he just being a jerk? Or maybe he really was interested. She sighed and said, "Well Rich, you both seem about the same size. I mean, I can only guesstimate from here."

Dave, who was sitting in stunned silence that Rich had asked, suddenly shook himself awake and said, "Well, if we both got up and got closer, maybe you could satisfy us." Then he caught himself, "WITH AN ANSWER, I mean, tell us what we are, I mean...."

Everyone laughed at that one. Steph beckoned them to approach her. They stood before her with their cocks a bit small. "Shrinkage" stated Rich without hesitation as Steph looked them over. "It's warm in here but that few seconds in the cold just..."

Step cut him off. "Yeah, ok" She smiled. She looked closer and then did something that caught even Steph by surprise, she reached up and began to touch each of them. Sensing the sudden shock, she looked up and said, "Hey, if you both really want to know, I have to do it right."

She gripped each in their flaccid state and compared how each fit in her hand. Then she slid her hand under and began to massage their testicles hoping it would get them hard. It was working, Dave growing a bit quicker than Rich. Once erect, she once again slid her hand over the shafts to see how many fingers covered and if her fingertips touched. Fingertips touched on both of the boys. She found that both protruded just a tad beyond her hand wrapping around them so, first she used both hands to measure Rich, using the left hand to cover what the right hand didn't. She found that just one more finger was needed to totally cover his member. When she did the same to Dave, she found that TWO fingers were needed. Dave won. Rich sulked, Dave beamed. 

"Hey, I'm sorry," she said to Rich. You're not MUCH smaller, buck up there little buckaroo!" and she leaned forward and slid her lips around Rich's still hard as hell cock. A couple of little tugs with her mouth and she stood up. Now Dave looked crushed. "Hey, I'm still here," he contended. "I may not be your husband, but I put a lot of work into this contest too and..." He had no idea what he was saying and figured it best to just shut up. Steph looked at Rich who nodded and motioned with his head for Steph to go right ahead and give head to Dave.

Steph said, "Ok champ, you get a reward for first prize." And she sat back down and began to suck on Dave's bigger dick. Dave was dizzy, partly from the wine, partly because he simply could not believe this was happening. The wife of one of his best friends was blowing him and his friend was not only OK with it, he stood watching! His mind suddenly said, "Dear Penthouse, I never used to believe your letters but then....."

Rich stood watching, stroking himself as Steph used her mouth skillfully on Dave. Steph seeing this out of the corner of her eye reached up and began to stroke Rich's scrotum, sliding her finger up beyond his taint, something Rich always LOVED. She then withdrew from Dave and said, "I'll be back." Ala The Terminator. 

She moved a bit over so as to have Rich directly in front of her face and started to slide her tongue around the head. She kept a firm yet gentle grip on Dave, stroking slowly as she sucked on Rich then after a few deeper gulps on Rich, she pulled away and gave Dave a little kiss and slid her tongue down his shaft. She kissed her way back up to the head and then looked up at both, standing there with the silliest grins she's seen in years. 

"Guys," she began, "a little reciprocation might be in order." They looked at her and each other as if they really were confused. "Maybe you could lick ME!" came the sudden reality out of Steph's very talented mouth. She inched back on the couch and spread her legs wide. "Eat," She ordered.

Rich told Dave to go first which he did without hesitation. He buried his face deeply between her legs and began to slip his tongue up and down and around, never really penetrating her. His fingers played with her knees as he sucked on her labia with abandon, avoiding her clitoris, wanting her to experience this for as long as possible and fearing too sudden a visit to the 'little man' would send her over the edge before they could truly experience her.

Rich sensed what Dave was doing and encouraged him. He got up and began to knead Steph's breasts carefully and gently, pinching her nipples the way she liked and kissing her neck. Steph was beginning to moan, loudly. That's when Rich tapped Dave on the head to change places. Dave reluctantly did but then discovered how much fun her tits were.

Rich took his towel and wiped away Dave's saliva (he was a borderline germ-o-phobe) and then slid his tongue down and into Steph's still soaking wet hole as Dave, not caring one iota about saliva, lapped and sucked at her tits for all he was worth. That's when Rich just couldn't control himself and got up. He positioned himself in front of Stephanie's wide open muff and thrust himself in making her jump and Dave as well. Dave looked down at Rich's pelvis as it slid back and forth between Steph's soft lovely legs. Steph looked at Dave, eyes at half mast and said, "Let me finish you, Rich'll be there a while."

Dave didn't need to be told twice and he got up on the couch positioning himself for Steph's oh so exquisite mouth. She took him in and began to suck and pump. At this point, she was a bit lost in what Rich was doing and wasn't doing anything fancy to Dave but Dave wasn't about to complain. Steph tugged at him so that he was now standing on the couch with his cock in front of her and his legs straddling her shoulders. He had to crouch slightly but he didn't even notice it was a bit uncomfortable until the next day. She reached up and grasped his ass and began to push him into her mouth, almost to the point of gagging, but Steph didn't get into the whole gagging thing, she was just very eager to get Dave off so that she could concentrate on what Rich was still doing with HIS cock.

As Dave began to tense up, Steph pushed him back slightly and pumped him until his semen fell onto her chest. Steph as a rule preferred not to let a guy cum in her mouth (though now and then Rich did and it was cool, but...) and Dave being NOT Rich, she decided this was the best course of action. As she milked him dry, she began to buck wildly. Dave suddenly found himself with Rich's hands on his shoulders. "FUCK!" his mind screamed, "is he coming on to me?" He realized Rich was just in need of something, ANYTHING to steady himself as he came and, WOW, DID HE CUM!

Dave was unable to move. Steph was under him bucking like a wild horse, Rich was holding him in place as he slammed into Steph. Dave was loving this and tried to coax his cock back from the dead, but it was a fruitless effort and after Rich finally finished, Dave basically just collapsed onto the couch next to Steph. Rich picked up his towel and wiped himself off. Then he wiped off Steph's tits, being VERY careful not to touch the goo as he did. Dave just caught his breath.

Then the phone rang.

Steph motioned for Rich to get it saying she couldn't get up. Rich answered and found Lydia on the other end. "Please tell me Dave is there. He left here about 2 hours ago after we had a fight and he was walking. I'm a nervous wreck. You're the fifth people I've called. I mean..."

"It's ok, he's here." Said Rich, trying very hard to sound like he wasn't spent.

"I mean, I refused to call anyone after the first hour or so, I was being stubborn. Then I realized how long had gone by and, well I FINALLY started calling people. I just got to you and.........wait, he IS there?" she asked.

"Yeah. He came over and we've had some wine and he's just chilling," Said Rich.

Lydia shrieked into the phone, "YOU TELL THAT SON OF A BITCH IF HE DOESN'T GET HOME SOON, I'LL WRING HIS NECK. I'M WORRIED SICK. THAT..."

"I'll tell him." Then turning to Dave, Rich said, "She said she loves you. Come home so she can pleasure you."

Dave began to laugh hysterically at that and said he hoped Lydia hadn't heard that and then he added, "SHIT, I hope she DOESN'T want to do that. I'm not sure I could explain not being able to get it up!"

Rich reassured Lydia that Dave would be home soon and carefully hung up the phone so as not to let the sudden 'click' alarm Lydia.

Dave got up, cleaned himself up, dressed, thanked his hosts profusely and exited.

"Well, I guess we got out make out session in after all," said Steph.

"You've been wanting to spice things up, haven't you? This worked out well," Replied Rich. He went over to Steph and held her, both still quite naked.

"I have to say, my first three-way was pretty damn good. I guess we certainly DID spice things up. I hope Dave's ok." 

Rich sighed and said, "Well, he was GREAT when he left."