 When I was in High School I had a girlfriend named Stephanie. I was a stoner/skater (common combination) and she was popular and very social. She was often at parties on the weekend and school events during the week. It wasn't long into my Junior year that we met for the first time. I had heard she was interested in me but I didn't really believe it. It's high school, so rumors, true and not, are constant and it always seems impossible to sort them out. Stephanie was the leader of the dance team, had great grades, and was part of the spirit team that said things like "I can't hear you!" at school rallies. She was a brunette, 5'3", 115 lbs, B-cup breasts and a dancer's ass. She was not the most sought after girl in high school but I thought she was hot. Plus, I always loved seeing her smaller perky breast move around under her sheer blouses and crochet tops as she walked. It seems not wearing a bra is something only women with smaller breasts can pull off without getting into trouble.

Once senior year hit, Stephanie eventually got tired of waiting and had to tell a friend to tell a friend to tell me to ask her out. I did and we dated for about two months. We didn't get very far sexually, when we were making out she kept shutting me down. I sometimes she would let me play with her tits and grab her ass while we made out. Man did she have a great firm ass, there is really nothing else like it. It was bigger than she liked, a little bigger than J-Lo's but just as shapely. 

One night, her parents were out of town and she asked me to drive her home from a party. I was sober and horny as fuck from her grinding on me all night against a wall at the party. I didn't really drink but she had a couple beers. When we got back to her place she grabbed my hand and pulled me in to her house. I am pretty sure I had an instant tent in my pants. We go straight to her room which I had been in many times when she had friends over or we were working on a school project together. As soon as she got to her room she starts taking off her dress. She is facing away from me and walks over to her dresser. At first she starts to untie the front and take the straps off her dress, slowly, and pulls the top of her dress down to her waist.

She looks over at me in her pink and white striped bra with her matching panties just barely showing above her dress and asks, "Will you help me with this new bra? The back is hard for me to get undone. But don't look!"

I walk over slowly, taking in as much as I can. After a few seconds of struggling, I figured out how to get it off. Then she turned to face me and said, "Okay, sit on the bed by the door and no peaking!" Naturally, I would do just about anything at this point to finally stop the teasing and get down to fucking. I was not a virgin but hadn't had sex since we started dating.

I was 18 at the time (she was too) and well acquainted with using any reflective surface to my advantage. So as I sat on her bed I used a picture on the nightstand which offered up a perfect reflected surface to watch. I saw her fully undress by her dresser and it was beautiful. She went slowly and wiggled her ass a lot. Seemed odd if you are hoping no one is watching. I was about ready to explode with pent up sexual energy when I see her coming towards me and turn to face her.

As I turn to meet what I think will be a warm embrace she slaps me across the face. She said, "Don't be such a fucking pervert! I saw you watching me." She had a towel wrapped around her, and said "I'm going to take a shower, will you come talk to me?" In her most innocent girly voice. Still a little shocked I just got up and followed her. We walk past her bathroom, into the hallway and then into her parent's bedroom. Then she runs up to her parents bed and jumps on. It was like everything was in slow motion when she started jumping up and down while I just stand, wide eyed, taking in the view.

"Isn't this room awesome?" she said accidentally giving me a little show every time she went up in the air. It was only for just a split second but I cherished every millisecond her little lips peaked out of the bottom of the towel. It was a beautiful very large room with a giant hand crafted four post bed as the centerpiece. She even grabbed a post and posed like a stripper for a second before she started laughing, hopped down and walked into her parent's private bathroom. I followed. 

Once in the bathroom she opened the big glass shower doors and went in before unwrapping the towel. The teasing was starting to feel like torture. Unfortunately it was all opaque glass and I couldn't see much. All I could see what her amazing outline and I was taking in every detail while we talked about the party. Well she mostly complained about the "sluts at the party". What she didn't know was that I had stopped listening and only gave the obligatory minimal response here and there. Instead I had taken my dick out and was stroking it to her obscured figure. I just couldn't help myself, it had been months since I had sex.

When she was done she peaked her head out to ask me something and saw me, cock in hand. Her eyes got huge, and we both froze for a few seconds before and said, "Ew John, you are so gross, stop being a pervert." She giggled, then she went back in dried off. "You liked what you saw that much, huh?" she said as she bounced out giggling.

"Come on Stephanie let's just go back to your room. I have a rock hard dick. You gotta help me out." And she doesn't say anything and starts heading back to her room. When we get there she banishes me back to the corner of the bed puts her oversized NOFX shirt on I gave her and hops into bed without a word or touch. "Goodnight John, try not to be so gross when we hang out."

I responded with a justified, "What the fuck Stephanie? You have been teasing me all night and then you slap me, make we watch you shower and then tell me to fuck off?"

"I actually don't think this is working out John, you keep putting too much pressure on me and I don't think I am ready to have a boyfriend."

"Wait, what?"

"John, I am just not ready to have a boyfriend okay?"

Suddenly, I started to feel bad for her and I was apologizing. The whole thing was a little mind blowing (in the worst way possible) so I didn't know how to respond in the moment. I just said sorry for putting pressure on her and joined most of the other guys in high school in the single, sexually frustrated man club.

On Monday, I saw her at school with another guy holding hands. I was pissed about it but decided to focus my sights on another girl from the soccer team anyway. It was only one week later at a party, I heard her new boyfriend talking about how good she was in bed. Apparently two days after we broke up she was fucking this new guy. It mostly bothered me because when we were dating she would seem to give off signals like she wanted to have sex but then I tried to advance things she got upset quickly and told me to stop pressuring her. I was trying to be a nice guy but it really seemed like she kept getting things started and then stopping for no reason. I had girlfriends before her and after, none were as confusing as this chick. I probably stuck it out because her ass was out of this world and I wanted to climb that mountain. I soon found another girlfriend but how that last day went down with Stephanie always bothered me. Even my new girlfriend said that what she did was fucked up.

---------------

About 3 years later when I was in college, I received a wedding invitation for Stephanie's wedding. She wrote a personal note that said, "Try not to be a pervert at my wedding! ;-)" I decided I had to go. Also, a bunch of high school friends would be there anyway and it would serve as a reunion party of sorts.

College was great for me, being around so many girls. Almost none of the girls I met wanted a relationship, they all wanted to go wild on the weekend and then back to the books Monday through Friday. Maybe an occasional fuck for stress relief during the week. Some wanted anal to save their virginity for marriage, some wanted a quick fuck in the Library bathroom, some wanted some weird shit I can go into in another story. I met most of them while at work as a beertender at a craft beer bar near campus. They seemed to like that they could just send me a sexy snapchat or text me close to when I was getting off work and I would show up ready to go.

The day I headed back to my hometown I called up a few friends and they wanted to meet up. We all went to the bar and started drinking. It was the night before the wedding and it wasn't a particularly large town, so when the bachelorette party came in nobody was really surprised. We tried to ignore them and let them do their thing but it was inpossible. Stephanie was dressed like a hoe but still looked super hot. She was wearing a white dress that just barely covered her ass and had a very low cut halter top. They became impossible to ignore when Jen, a bridesmaid and old friend, walked up and said I had to kiss Stephanie because "Kiss an ex" was on some checklist they were trying to finish. All my friends laughing made me go out to the dance floor to do it. Once Stephanie saw me, she and her friends started yelling, "Kiss an ex, kiss an ex" over and over. I walked over to say high and get this over with and she starts dancing with me and whispers in my ear,

"I bet you have been dreaming about me late at night all these years, jacking off. I feel bad for my little pervert. Give me a kiss so I can give you something to rub one out to tonight."

Then she gave me a drunken, sloppy wet kiss that was pretty awful. She turned grinded her ass into me for about two minutes and then danced back over to her friends. This brought up some old feelings of anger and frustrations (sexual and otherwise). I was trying to stay above it but it was hard.

Jen came back with me when I went back to my table, mostly to apologize. My friends could tell I wasn't in a good mood anymore. So I told them the whole story and they seemed more pissed than I was about the whole thing. Especially Jen, I think she felt responsible in some way for her actions tonight. They said she has been talking shit about me for years, saying I was impotent and a pervert. Right away they started brain storming revenge plans for me. At first I thought it was all a joke but they were serious. God I love these people. Finally after about 3 more rounds of drinks we came up with a plan.

------------

The whole wedding took place at the only nice hotel around. Everyone going to the wedding was staying at the hotel because it was on the outskirts of town. We all knew this was a recipe for a pretty fun party. There were five of us in on the plan but Jen and Oscar played the most important roles. Jen's was going to put the female Viagra pill in Stephanie's drinks throughout the day, so she will be incredibly horny but unable to do anything about it all day. And Oscar? Well he just happened to be the wedding photographer. His job was to document everything and use his "behind the scenes" access to get us into the honeymoon suite so we could play some small pranks on the bride and groom.

It all started in the morning when Jen gave the bride two pills for her bachelorette party hangover. It wasn't long before Stephanie started acting weird, she was flirting with all the men that weren't her family and wasn't very shy about it either. Oscar, the photographer, was naturally documenting all of it. Also, she became a little bit of an exhibitionist while getting ready. She wasn't bashful about being photographed naked or in her lingerie. She just kept talking about how all the boys would be wanting to fuck her tonight but only her husband will get the chance. She even talked the other Bridesmaids to show off in various forms of undress. All the bridesmaids were young, hot and looked like yoga instructors. She kept grabbing their tits and smacking their asses, then lingering a little too long. Oscar said his favorite moment was when they all lifted their dresses for a photo showing their matching thongs. Any time her mom or anyone else came in her suite, she would scream at them to get out. It was her day and she wanted to party with her bridesmaids before the ceremony.

The bride's headache never actually went away so she was asking for pills all day and Jen was always there first to give her the "right" medicine. Stephanie was getting so wet that she kept unconsciously touching herself and playing with her nipple. At one point, Stephanie went to the bathroom and Jen thought she heard a moan of some sort. Jen quickly went to investigate and soon all the bridesmaids where outside the bathroom giggling at her moans which were clearly audible. Then her mom came in and shut the whole thing down saying something about saving herself for her husband tonight. Much to everyone's dismay she reluctantly came out of the bathroom in her robe and everyone tried to pretend nothing had happened.

Finally it was time to get the bride ready and everyone was helping, which made Stephanie very happy. She put on her tiny crotch-less thong panties, sheer garter, and thigh highs all with matching white lace trim. Then she added her thin white dress. It was all quite a sight to behold. The dress had a completely open back from her ass to her neck, and thin arm straps kept the front of the dress up. The front was tight on the sides but loose in chest area that allow the thin fabric to sway with her breasts with every step. It hugged her waist and hips tightly with a scrunch down her crack that made her amazing ass look even more amazing. Then the dress added much more fabric around her legs which added a train. When I saw her walking down the aisle I got an instant boner. For that matter I am pretty sure every man in the place had one (and maybe even the women).

As soon as the ceremony was over we all went to the reception while more photos were taken. This was when Oscar saw the opportunity and took the groom's key from his jacket, and handed it off to me. Then we all (except Jen and Oscar who had to do the photos) headed up to the honeymoon suite. First we sawed the wooden legs to the bed so they would break after a little motion. We replaced all the bride and groom's clothes in their suitcases with S&M outfits, cheap sex toys and the weirdest porn we could find. We removed all the curtains and towels. We even put cameras hidden in the room to witness the chaos after. The very last thing we had to do was steal their clothes in the middle of the night so they would freak out the next morning when they had nothing to wear but leather S&M outfits. We were all looking forward to seeing them in the lobby the next morning in their new, barely there, strapy leather outfits.

We danced and got drunk like everyone else and pretended that everything was normal. Stephanie was trying, and succeeding, to turn on as many guys as possibly. She was grinding up on all the men, even the father daughter dance seemed overly sexual. When it was my turn she whispered in my ear, "My pussy is so wet. I bet you want to fuck the pussy you could never have. I bet my dress already made you jack off in the bathroom you dirty pervert." Then she moved on to the next man as to not draw attention to her dirty whispers. The groom was too busy getting wasted with his frat buddies to notice anything. She came back to me and did similar things throughout the night, it seemed like her personal mission for the night was to leave me sexually frustrated again. I just enjoyed the dances knowing what was to come for her.

At last the time came where the bride and groom were supposed to leave the reception. Everyone made a tunnel from them to run through to leave the room and head up to the suite. They made it about half way through the tunnel before Stephanie stepped on her dress, tripped, fell and gave half the reception a good look as the strap of her dress came off and gave everyone a good view of her breast that fell out. Jen ran over and helped her up and signaled me to help. We picked her up and I gave her my jacket to cover up a little. Since the groom was having enough trouble getting himself off the floor, the Brides' mom told us to help them up to their room. As we left the reception hall I was practically carrying the groom and Jen was helping Stephanie hobble to the elevator. I could tell Stephanie was not happy that I was there helping. Although, she had little choice in the matter because the strap on her shoe broke in the fall and her ankle was hurting. When I looked over at Jen I could tell she was pissed. I'm sure the last thing she wanted to do that night was take this sloppy couple up to their suite.

We finally got to their room and the groom went in and laid down on the couch in the living room area. I was going to hang outside but Jen grabbed me and pulled me in with her. Stephanie started complaining but Jen told her to shut up and that I was going to make some coffee for the groom. Then Jen pushed the bride into the bathroom telling her to freshen up while signaling me to turn on all the cameras. I did and then tried to get the groom to wake up. It didn't work.

When I told Jen he was out we weren't sure what to do. Clearly she was torn between trying to help or leaving them to their shitty no-sex wedding night. Then suddenly Jen's face lit up, I knew she had a brilliant idea. She looked me up and down, saw the tent in my pants from tonight's teasing, and said I needed to follow her instructions closely. First we turned down the lights just a little and left on the important ones for cinematic clarity. Then Jen told me to strip. I was not sure what was happening but when a girl tells you to get naked, it's generally a good idea to do so. So I stripped naked in front of her and saw her staring at my 7 inch rock hard cock. After a second of gazing her brain kicked in and she told me to get the groom's clothes and I realized where this was going and wasn't sure it was a good idea. Remember, there are cameras.

Then Jen grabbed the clothes, started to help me get dressed, and told me her story. Stephanie was a royal bitch that kept trying to keep men lusting after her. After what she did to me, Stephanie kept several men on the line while still dating her now husband. One such guy was Jen' boyfriend in high school. Then Stephanie did this again when they were in college together. So, now I realized Jen wanted her revenge even more than I wanted mine.

Once dressed, Jen playfully flicked my dick and said, "You better go fuck this bitch before she gets curious. So I went and stood across from the bathroom by the window where there was a light behind my head. Just then Stephanie opened the sliding bathroom door and stood there silhouetted by the bright bathroom light which made her dress almost completely see through.

Stephanie said, "Come fuck me hus-Band, I have been wanting your rock hard 5 inch dick all day."

"Do a little dance for me. I want to see you dance for me the way you teased all those boys on the dance floor."

She was not shy about dancing and started to move slowly and seductively. I glanced over at Jen to give a signal it was working and could see a red light from a video camera Jen was holding.

Stephanie began pulling her top down little by little and one strap at a time. She wasn't wearing a bra so it wasn't long before her beautiful perky 22 year old breasts were pointing right at me.

"Take off your clothes I want to see your cock before I show you my special bridal lingerie." I quickly undressed as she turned to show me that amazing ass of hers. She bent over as she lowered her dress to the ground. I could see her thong but I could also see the fabric separate a little and expose her wet pussy.

"Do you like what you see?" she said.
