 I had just started on a charity walk in Newport Beach when I found myself walking next to two of the sexiest women I'd ever seen. They immediately introduced themselves, and I was pleasantly surprised that they did not seem to have the typical standoffish attitude of truly beautiful women. Holly was rather tall, about 5' 8", with straight long blond hair, long well-toned legs, and a body that would have been at home in Playboy magazine. She was wearing a half-buttoned over-size denim shirt with a top to a bikini underneath, barely concealing large soft round breasts, and very short jean cut-offs. As she walked, her shapely ass swished beautifully above endlessly long legs. Her face was classic California blond beauty, with striking blue eyes and a wide friendly smile. The whole intoxicating effect was heightened by a golden suntan. 

Heather was more petite, about 5' 2", with soft black curls falling below her shoulders, and dark brown sensuous eyes accenting a heart-wrenchingly cute pixie-like face, and a naturally darker complexation, suggesting a Mediterranean heritage perhaps. Since she was braless under her tight-fitting ribbed cotton tank top, I could easily see that her breasts were medium-sized – probably C-cup – but very firm. A faint outline of small dark nipples showed through the thin material. Her tight-fitting nylon running shorts nicely highlighted her tight butt that jiggled in a most enticing fashion as she hustled to keep up with her taller friend. 

As we walked together for the next 3 hours, I discovered that they were roommates in Huntington Beach, not too far from my place. They recently moved here together when they both found jobs in Orange County after graduating from UCLA - Holly as a photography/film major, Heather as a art major - where they were also roommates. Since I also graduated from UCLA two years before, we had much to talk about. It became clear as the time went by that these two ladies knew how to have fun, and we had a great time talking and laughing. I particularly enjoyed the teasing that went on between Heather and Holly about some of their "escapades", with sly referrals to unspecified adventures which appeared to have sex as the common denominator.

At the finish line, we separated and I saw the girls a little ways away talking very quietly to each other. Then Heather came over to me and asked if I wanted to come over to their apartment and relax my tired muscles in the complex's hot tub. My heart leapt in anticipation. While Holly drove their car home, Heather came with me to my place to pick up my swimsuit and then show me the way to their apartment. At my apartment, I decided to wear my Speedo's and a tank top, to show off my 6' 1' well-muscled frame, and bring the rest of my clothes with me. 

As I came out from changing, I saw Heather returning a case to my shelf of adult DVDs, and I immediately worried that the gig was up. As she turned around, however, I noticed that her nipples were hard and showing clearly through the thin material of her tank top. I stood there, speechless for a moment, gazing at her chest, until she said "You have a really nice place here". I looked up to see her smiling warmly at me. On the short drive from my place to their apartment, she commented that she was surprised that I lived alone, and that I wasn't involved, because she and Holly agreed that I was "a very hot guy". She volunteered that neither of them were involved currently, either. As I drove, quick glances showed me that her nipples were still hard, and my cock quickly followed, its outline showing obviously under my suit. As we stopped at a light, and I turned to look at her again, it seemed she thrust her chest forward a bit, and my eyes hungrily devoured her nipples straining against her thin shirt. When I finally looked up, she looked right into my eyes, smiled another sweet smile, then dropped her eyes to my swelling crotch, and sexily licked her lips. I thought I would cum right then and there, but a honk told me that the light had changed. 

We soon arrived at the their place, and when we walked in, Holly was waiting with gin and tonics for Heather and me, wearing a black string bikini that showed off her beautiful body to the utmost. Heather gave me another knowing smile after I finally took my eyes from Holly's body, and went to change into her suit. While she was changing, Holly sat on a barstool sipping her drink and brought one knee up to rest her foot on the seat, spreading her legs slightly and giving me a good view of her barely covered mound. Holly was catching glances of the ever-growing bulge in my suit, and I was unsuccessfully trying not to stare too obviously between her legs. As I watched spellbound, she opened her legs a bit wider and a wet spot appeared on the thin black material, and I felt almost dizzy with arousal. 

Just then, Heather walked into the room, smiled that sexy smile again, and said, "What have you two been up to? You both look like you've been caught with your hand in the cookie jar!" 

She was wearing a white fine-cotton-mesh bikini that left very little to the imagination, and I couldn't even stammer a reply. Holly, however, giggled and said, "We were just admiring the views. C'mon, let's go to the hot tub". 

I followed them down to the pool, admiring their gorgeous asses, and wondering what was in store for me. When we got there, however, we were disappointed to find that the hot tub was out of order, and headed back to their apartment. 

On the way, I commented "It sure would have been great to relax all these stiff muscles in the tub". 

Immediately, Heather replied, "Oh, poor thing - we just gotta do something about your stiffness. Maybe we can come up with another way to relax - how about if we massage each other?" 

"Sounds good to me!" Holly and I said at the same time, and we all laughed. 

The girls insisted that they do me first, so I laid face down on a mat, and they brought out some scented oil (edible, I noticed) and began to sensuously rub my body. Their hands felt warm and wonderful, and I relaxed even as my cock got even harder. As she worked on my shoulders and neck, Heather kneeled in front of my face about a foot away, with her knees opened enough so that I could see a shadow of her dark mound through the shear white material. I could faintly smell her arousal, and after a few more minutes noticed a wet spot growing there, too. Holly began to work on my legs, which were tight from the long walk, and slowly worked her way closer and closer to my aching crotch, until the tips of her fingers must have been fractions of an inch from brushing my swollen balls. Somewhere along the way, I began moaning "Ooooh, that's feels good...yeah, that's it". 

After Holly had been teasing me for a couple of minutes, Heather said "All right Kent, turn over this beautiful bod of yours so we can work on your front." I turned over with growing anticipation. 

Holly said " Oh yeah - even better!" as she stared at my hard 8" cock outlined under my tight swimsuit, and they both giggled. Heather kneeled above my head and began massaging my chest by leaning over my face - her breasts hanging just inches above my face, her dark nipples protruding and clearly visible under the thin material. Holly straddled my right leg, and as she worked up and down my leg, she rubbed her damp crotch against my foot in a not-so-innocent manner. 

They both worked closer and closer to my aching cock, till suddenly Heather said teasingly "Holly, it looks like there's one part of Kent that's not at all relaxed! What should we do?" 

Holly quickly replied "Well, we should work on it, of course" and then she hooked her fingers under the top of my suit and quickly pulled it down over my cock, which sprang to attention. 

"Oh, what a gorgeous thick dick," Heather breathed as Holly began stroking it with her oiled hand, saying "Maybe this will help relax him." 

"Mmmm, I think that might just make it bigger and stiffer but," Heather giggled, "I don't think he minds." 

With one quick motion, Heather undid the front tie on her top, and lowered a nipple - small and hard like a pencil eraser, with a small dark areola - to my waiting mouth, where I eagerly sucked it in. 

Heather moaned, "Oh god yes, that's it - suck it baby..." and I heard Holly laugh "Okay, if you say so." 

Seconds later, I felt her soft wet lips close over the head of my cock and her tongue swirl around my glans. Holly proceeded to lick, nibble, and lightly suck on the precum-oozing head of my cock, clearly holding back so I wouldn't explode too soon. 

As I continued to nibble Heather's right nipple, my left hand found her other breast and I softly ran my hand over its contour, lightly brushing her nipple with my fingertips. Heather let out a low moan, and then a gasp of pleasure as I simultaneously sucked hard on her right nipple and lightly pinched her left nipple between my thumb and forefinger. After a few seconds, Heather pulled away and repositioned herself alongside me on my right side, and I could look down to see Holly licking and sucking the head of my cock while she rubbed her oily hands over her tits that she had pulled out of her bikini top. I felt the pressure to cum rising, and consciously willed myself to wait as Heather leaned over and kissed me hard, thrusting her tongue deep into my mouth with one of the hottest kisses I've ever experienced. I felt Heather's hand find my cock, and then Holly's mouth left it, and I felt her move up my body on my left, licking, until her tongue probed my ear. 

I heard her whisper "Kent, I want you to suck my nipples, too." 

Heather broke the kiss, and said to Holly, "Bring those beautiful big boobs over here right now so we can both have at 'em." Holly rose to a kneeling position, she squeezed her tits and pinched her large nipples for her appreciative audience. After a few moments of this, she dropped her right hand to her crotch and pulled her bikini to one side, showing a neatly trimmed triangle of peach-colored fuzz. With a throaty "Ooooh", she slid two fingers deep inside her soaking wet cunt. After a few slow thrusts, she pulled her fingers out and painted the juices on her nipples, and then leaned over me to place her right nipple in my mouth. I could taste her musky pussy as I sucked and licked. With her left hand, Holly lifted her other tit to Heather, who obligingly flicked Holly's left nipple with her tongue while continuing to stroke my cock with her right hand. 

As Holly had moved over me, she was kneeling on her right knee with her left leg up and her left foot planted between my thighs. Her legs spread open, and now she took my right hand with her free hand and pressed it against her steamy pussy. After wetting my fingers by running them one at a time inside her pussy lips, I found her swollen clit and began to circle it with my middle finger. Holly began to moan and squirm and then she raised up into a full kneeling position, with my left hand well-positioned between her legs. Heather watched intently as she continued to slowly stroke my cock. 

I playfully toyed with Holly's clit, occasionally sliding up between her pussy lips to get more slick juice on my fingers. Holly once again was squeezing her own tits, pulling on her big pink nipples. Then she began to buck her hips a little, moaning "oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah I'm gonna cum now ..." Quickly, I shoved my two middle fingers up her hole and stroked her G-spot while pressing the palm of my hand hard against her clit. 

With wide eyes, she screamed, "OHHH FUCK YESSSS!" Her hips bucked and thrashed uncontrollably for about ten seconds, grinding her cunt against my hand, until she went completely rigid, her cunt gripping my fingers that were still probing her pleasure center. Her hot cum juice flowed over my hand and trickled down her leg. Finally, she drew in a long shuddering breath and fell forward onto me, trembling and panting, her head on my chest. I happily waited for her to recover with my eyes closed, savoring the feel of her soft tits, slick with oil and sweat, sliding on the skin of my belly with every deep breath she took.

After a while, I looked over to see Heather, who had stopped stroking my cock, smiling at me. "That's number one for Holly, and a pretty good start for sure," she whispered, "Now it's my turn." Sighing contently, Holly slid off me to lay on my left side, turning her head to watch the show.

After pouring some more oil on her hands, Heather stood up over me with one leg on either side of my hips and began to run her hands over her own body, brushing her fingertips over her sensitive nipples and then squeezing her tits from the base of them out to her nipples. While her left hand continued at her nipples she slowly ran her right hand down her belly and under her soaked bikini bottoms. She moaned "mmmmm...aaahhhh" as her fingers found the spot, and I could see that she was rubbing her clit in circles with her middle finger. Removing her hand, she pulled the ties on each side of her bikini bottom and tossed it away. Spreading her legs a little wider, she thrust her hips forward a bit, so that I had a perfect view of her glistening swollen pink labia framed by a patch of black curly pubes. She smiled again at me and then slid two finger deep into her pussy. After a few pumps, she lifted her hand to her mouth and licked and sucked her juices off her fingers in an incredibly sexy way while she shoved two fingers of her other hand into her slippery slit. 

Nearly fully recovered, Holly whispered in my ear "Mmmm, doesn't that look tasty!" Holly rose, removed her own bikini completely, and came up behind Heather. I took the opportunity to pull off my own swimsuit, so we were all naked. From behind her, Holly reached around with both hands to play with Heather's tits, pulling and squeezing the dark nuggets. Placing her own hands over Holly's and mashing them into her tits, Heather leaned her head back onto Holly's shoulder and a low moan escaped her lips. After a short while, Heather pulled Holly's right hand down to her pussy. She ran her fingers along Heather's pussy lips a few times to get them wet, then inserted her middle finger in deep and, based on Heather's loud moan, found her G-spot. I couldn't help but stroke as I watched them play, and in turn their eyes were locked on my rock hard cock.

Holly removed her finger and brought it to Heather's lips, who sucked on it like a lollipop as Holly slid it in and out of her mouth. Holly dipped once more in Heather's honeypot, with two fingers this time, and as she brought it to Heather's lips, she came around and began to lick the fingers as well. Both of their tongues licked Heather's juices off Holly's fingers, sometimes the tips of their tongues playing with each other. Heather's hand now was at her pussy again, and then they licked her juices off of Heather's fingers. 

After a couple of minutes of this incredibly erotic play, Heather stopped and said "Kent, do you like what you see?" 

"Oh yeah!!" 

"Would you like to taste me?" Thinking that I was to share her finger, I nodded enthusiastically. But she stepped forward, straddled my head, and lowered her pussy right onto my mouth, and said "Come on, baby, lick me ... that's it, your tongue feels sooooo gooood..." She pulled both my hands to her tits, and placed her nipples between my thumbs and forefingers "Oh please Kent... squeeze my nipples while you eat me, baby ..." Heather was dripping wet and tasted delicious. Moaning continuously, she ground her pussy on my mouth as I alternately licked her clit and thrust my tongue as deep as I could into her pussy, all the while playing with her firm tits and hard nipples. 

Holly moved around to stand in front of Heather with a wide stance, so that her pussy, with it's patch of soft blond down, was a foot in front of Heather's face and directly over my eyes, and she began to finger herself. I watched as she pumped two fingers in and out of her pussy, and then rubbed her juices around and around on her swollen, protruding clit. After a few moments, Heather reached out and pulled Holly to her. Holly used two fingers to expose her clit to Heather's tongue, and I watched Heather's tongue rapidly circling Holly's clit. I began to do the same to Heather's clit, with very light pressure. Soon I could feel her begin to quiver, and I increased the speed and the pressure of my tongue on Heather's clit. 

Suddenly, Heather pulled away from Holly, and she began to cry "Oh God Oh God Oh God". To enhance her climax, I latched my lips onto her clit and sucked while pinching her nipples as hard as I dared. She bucked wildly as her whole body vibrated with an intense orgasm. Her thighs tightened almost painfully around my head and hot juice squirted from her pussy onto my face. Before Heather was finished, Holly, who had been rubbing her pussy furiously as she watched, began to moan low and deep as she threw her head back and came again. 

After a few seconds of recovery, they both came down next to me, and kissed me passionately, licking Heather's juices from my face. "That was fantastic Kent" whispered Heather in my ear. 

Holly added, "Heather, I think Kent's big hard cock needs some more attention!" 

They began kissing their way down my body, and began to lick and kiss my cock, then taking turns sucking my cock and licking my balls. Heather in particular was an amazing cocksucker. The sight of her dark curls framing her face as my cock slid deeply in and out of her full red lips was too much, and soon I was thrusting my hips off the floor to meet her mouth. She slowly pulled up off my cock and, with a great deal of effort, I stayed still for a moment. 

With her lips against the head off my cock, she murmured "Mmmmm, your cock feels so good in my mouth ... I want to taste your cum." And then took me deep again just as Holly ran her tongue down from my balls towards my anus, and I exploded into Heather's mouth. Heather continued bob up and down on my cock, and the feeling was almost painful in its intensity. I looked down to see my cum running down my cock from her lips, and Holly greedily licking it up from my balls. Then Heather pulled away, and they began to kiss each other sloppily, with my cum oozing from their mouths. The sight was so incredibly hot that I stayed hard, nearly aroused out of my mind. 

After a nearly a minute of cumswapping, they finally pulled back and looked down at me. Heather exclaimed, "Oh look, babe, he's still hard ... god, I want his cock in my pussy so bad!!" She quickly swung her hips over mine, holding my cock in one hand, lowered herself quickly onto my cock till it was buried to the hilt in her hot tight sheath. "Omigod, your cock is so big and hard," she moaned as she began to slide up and down on my cock. Sometimes, she paused with me buried all the way in her, and I gasped in wonder at the sensation of her pussy rhythmically squeezing my cock. 

Holly soon squatted over my face facing Heather, and they resumed kissing as my tongue began to explore Holly's pussy. I reached up to feel Holly's tits, and found Heather's hands already there, and then discovered Holly's on Heather's too. I felt Holly arch back and Heather lean forward, and could feel Heather's lips find Holly's nipple that I had been playing with. 

Holly began to moan, "Oh yeah sweetie ... suck my tit, that's it ... lick my cunt baby, fuck me with your tongue ... oh god, ride his big cock, it looks so good, cum on baby, let me suck you while he fucks you." They switched positions and Holly began to lick and suck Heather's nipples furiously. 

Heather stopped riding and panted, "Oh fuck me now, baby ... fuck me hard with your big prick." Eager to comply, I pumped hard up into Heather, and she started groaning "Oh yes fuck me yeah harder, fuck me hard," over and over till she again began to shake wildly in orgasm and grind her pussy down hard on my cock as she screamed out in pleasure. At the same time, Holly ground her soaking wet cunt on my mouth so hard I could hardly breath, which distracted me enough that I didn't explode a second time.  
