 Author's note: readers of my first story demanded a conclusion to "A Wife Plus Two Makes Music." I posted that chapter without sufficient editing and hope this conclusion is better received. 

I'm indebted to TMIMH's for his generous feedback and assistance reviewing this piece. Check out his excellent work is published as the member "toomuchinmyhead". 

~FANTALITY

* * * *

Rochelle's nipples stood proudly atop round breasts. She raised her rye whiskey and drained the glass. Then, with a soft husky voice said, "Let's dispense with fiction and fantasy. I want to live this. But first I'll go freshen up boys. Sit tight and don't go soft on me."

While we waited for her return, Rob recounted tales of Rochelle's sexual adventures before and during her first marriage. I knew her to be liberal and uninhibited but had no idea just how much. She'd often taken my hand and held as if we were lovers. On other occasions she'd settle in my lap, or have me on hers. When I sat in her lap I'd feel her rubbing tits on my arm and once in a while I was lucky to enjoy arms around my shoulders to hug me tight. 

Anyway, according to Rob one of her adventures resulted in their marriage after a torrid affair. Then he told me of her threesomes – I would not have expected, but in context of her outward advances to me they made sense. With a laugh, Rob described an occasion when they jogged by a woman and Rochelle commented, 'I made love with her. We licked each other's pussies.' 

Rob admitted they'd both had threesomes with other men and women in various combinations...I sighed; if this worked out it would be my first. Was I to have my 'threesome cherry' popped by a red head? Whoo wee! I hoped so. 

She returned brazenly nude but for heels and thigh stockings, said, "All is ready. Come on boys." She extended her warm hands to ours, and led us into their marriage bedroom. Once there she closed the double doors and spoke to me, "Tom in ten years of marriage this is the first time we've done anything like this. Over the last couple of months we've talked of having you in our bed. Doing this is special us both of." 

To compel us she continued, "You're both being seduced now, but by me. Not the other way around. I chose the music, I like a warm bed and I wanted dancing candlelight. So if you're the naughty boys I think you are, I'll spare you the hot wax to help you perform." Her intent was clear. Her arms crossed, she even pumped up her tits for us. 

"Okay, why am I the only one undressed? The last scene of our script is incomplete until you're naked as jay-birds." She grinned. "You undressed me and now I will strip you ... while dancing of course."

She took us in her arms to dance as a trio, slowly trading kisses and nibbles. My hands roamed the soft skin of her back, ass and thighs. While I did, she raked her fingernails across my neck, back and scalp. The feelings were electric. 

I returned the favor by kneading her ropy muscles, tight from frequent exercise along her spine. Rochelle sighed as their tension was driven away and as her tension fled muscles became relaxed. Then her head fell back into my hand, so I pushed my fingers up her scalp from her neck, fanned them and firmly grasped the back of her head. Through thick hair I felt her flex at my aggression - her sense of command wavered and her head flushed hot. I kneaded it firmly and felt her shudder, then fought back by taking my belt buckle in hand and pulled it loose. She yanked open my fly, and then ripped buttons to open my shirt. 

Then she pulled down the sleeves to immobilize my arms. 

"Ouch!" Her mouth went straight to my right nipple which she bit hard. Before I could protect my left nipple, she bit it too. Ruefully, she said, "Don't you get uppity Tom - I'm in charge here." 

Rob had known this was coming and removed shirt, pants and boxers. As a prior victim he wanted to preserve his clothing. But not without getting a laugh in, "Tom, you have so much to learn! Not to worry, I have a shirt you can wear tomorrow in place of that rag you have on."

Rochelle turned her smug face to Rob and her concentration returned to me. She raised her pretty foot, stuck a spike heel over my waistband and slowly forced my pants and boxers down. They hung up on my erect cock, so she kneeled, and pulled me free in front of her face to solve the 'problem'. I watched her eyes focus on my cock while my clothing continued to slide down and she fixated on my purple one-eyed head staring back at her. As I stepped out of my clothing my cock swayed like a ticker until it stopped with a bump against her nose. She immediately wrapped her hand around, inserted my head into her mouth and giggled after it popped on exit. "Very nice cock you have Tom! Now stand up so we can dance!"

We each took turns kicking bunched clothing to the sides of the room while swooning around. It was as if we were kicking social taboos out of the way from interfering with our fun. 

Our rhythm broke when Rochelle released my hand and gracefully swept Rob down in a classic romantic kiss. Her pussy lips shined in my direction and I could see how swollen she'd gotten. Then she pulled back up, and swung over to me down before delivering an equally passionate kiss. I extended my hand to touch her wet pussy and raised it to my lips to lick her nectar when we rose back up.

From there we danced wildly for several songs. Our energy was high and we all groped pussy, cocks and balls freely. Rochelle startled me when she guided my hand to feel Rob, but it was with even more conflicting emotions when he felt me. It turned me on even while my mind rejected the thought of enjoying homosexuality. Was I bi? I didn't know, but surely enjoyed playing her pussy with my fingers. I got confused about what was a greater turn on.

We slowed to the next song, a Bossa Nova samba that begged for flesh-against-flesh dancing. Rob backed away to let us dance so I compressed my cock against Rochelle's hip while I nibbled her neck and ears. A pod of clear precum emerged as we moved and streamed like gelatin across her loins. Rochelle took her hand from my waist, grabbed my cock once again and cooed in appreciation. I'm not overly large, though I was rock hard and visually imagined her wanting me – wanting me to drive that very cock into her moist vagina. 

Rob rejoined after a minute, and she took his penis into her other hand to jack us together; up and down. "Oh, you guys are hard for me aren't you? My body wants to feel these all night. Come here." She said while leading us to the bed where she settled onto on her back with legs slightly askew. 

Like good puppies, Rob and I laid down on either side of her warm body. I saw her glazed eyes, high with sexual anticipation and wondered if mine looked the same. Suddenly her eyes cleared and she snickered, "I want my bell rung boys. Bring it on and let me feel what you have."

I got right into it, took a nipple between my teeth and antagonized her with the same sharp bites she'd given me earlier. I added tugs at her ears and tongue in addition to slashing kisses, but my eyes never strayed from her wispy red hued pussy bush. Through her sparse hair white lips shone through against the ruby red of inner folds. Her clit hood stood upright and exposed details where wet inner lips joined at the apex of her button. All of it glistened in flickering candle light. 

Oh, I needed a smell and taste of her nectar so prepared an avenue for my face by moving my hand down the smooth white flesh of her belly. Every inch was a savory adventure aimed at reaching her sex. Rochelle raised her hips to greet my hand and at her bush I paused to comb my fingers through its wispy tuft. 

My middle finger slipped down, parted her just-shaved lower lips and softly pressed down on her clit. Rochelle widened her legs apart and hummed, "You pine for my snatch don't you?"

A peaty-like aroma rose to my nose from her as I replied, "Yummm. Yes, I think I'm in love with your pussy. I want to have it in my mouth. Then I want to stretch it with my cock. You want that too don't you?"

"Yes." She was her simple reply. 

To me, her crimson painted toes matched our fiery desire. I knew what to do with them and wanted to prolong teasing her so I turned down to play tricks with her toes. Each toe I pulled wiggled and suckled. Then, using the slick of my saliva, I worked a finger between each to resemble penetration by a stiff yet smooth rod. Her hips rose and fell in response while her lungs filled and exhaled with the same timing. More opaque liquid drooled from her pussy and I began losing patience with my need to lick it.

Rob was concentrating on Rochelle's upper half with passionate kissing... their tongues danced and played in time with the background music. He gave me a smile, and I mouthed a thank you for them both. It was reassuring that each of them was taking enjoyment from my presence.

From her feet, I worked my way up to massage her calves where I spread my fingers across the inside of her legs. Then I moved my hands up her inner thighs just above the knee and savored the silkiness as she moved her legs further apart. I could feel her invitation to move upward, so I planted my lips to her cunt and drank from her plump pink lips. "Ooohhh," she whispered with a girlish face. Then she contracted when I touched my finger to her clit. When I pulled my finger away it was tethered to her with an elastic tendril of juice. I spread it around my fingertips, replaced the juice at her opening and inserted my index finger to the first knuckle.

"Yessss! Oh, Tom, that feels sooo good!"

Guided by her encouragement, I pressed in again, withdrew slowly up the cleft of her clit. I asked, "Does your pussy like that?" 

In muted reply, Rochelle arched her back and forced my finger back in. She exhaled a tightly withheld breath as I touched my tongue to her opening and lapped at the honey she'd given me. Then I curled my tongue, inserted it like a straw and sucked her inner dew. Her lips clung to my tongue like little wings of Carpaccio, red and inflamed with hot blood.

I was so beyond myself with heat now. I knew she wanted to get nasty so stuck my pinky finger in to the first digit in her slick anus. Her sphincter stretched and contracted before she exhaled with a soft moan. I drooled saliva around my finger and reinserted deeper this time - beyond the second digit. She was tight and convulsing against my intrusion, but clearly enjoying the sensation as Rob roughly handled her tits. 

The devil from inside her was out in the open now and Rochelle welcomed him by raising her knees to her shoulders. Both of her holes were exposed to do with as we chose so I lapped at her pussy and took in more viscous buttermilk, then pushed my pinky into her anus to its base. Her mouth silently opened and closed as I did this while suckling her juice. On the fourth push, she slipped her tongue across her lips. 

Rob was biting her nipples, adding to the multitude of sensations she was feeling and helped give her a perfect blend of pain and pleasure. She was in her own world now, self-involved and openly wanting to feel sensual minutia from her assaulted orifices. 

The feel and taste of her pussy enthralled me and her stiffened anal response turned me on more than I thought possible. When I thought she was comfortable with the feeling of a filled anus, I pulled my pinky finger out, and then pushed my middle finger deeply into her neglected vagina. She gasped, ground her pelvis and expressed the air from her lungs with intense pleasure. I ground her spongy g-spot firmly against my finger tip and raked her lubrication out before shoving it all the way through her tight ass hole. 

She gagged out, "Ah, God! Don't stop! Guys, fill me!" So this time I pushed my middle finger into her vagina and flipped it left and right across her nubby g-spot. Responding, she doubled up, coughed, and squirted into my face and mouth. I drank as her fluid spilled and inserted my thick middle finger into her anus while rolling her ejaculate in my mouth. 

I'd never before seen or felt a squirt. It caught me off guard and was so erotic to me I struck back aggressively into both her holes at the same time. The sweet taste of her cum surprised and egged me to push harder and deeper using her fluid as salve. My index finger bumped her cervix and I wondered if I could penetrate it later with my cock, when she asked, "Can you touch my clitty again? It loves you." 

So with my soaking face and hands I separated, pulled her hood lips up with two fingers, and then pressed its apex and saw her delicate button project out for me. It was white like snow on top and fiery crimson at the base matching her finned inner lips. My tongue automatically extended to touch its underside and then I slid down, up and side to side before giving her a rough lash from below. 

Rochelle jolted and her cunt contracted violently. "Aaaaahhhhh!" She screamed in orgasm. "Aaahhhh! Aaahhh! Go ... od! That's too much!" 

To accommodate her I delicately wrapped my lips around her hood and sucked it with her clit between my lips, filled them with blood and then swiped my tongue against her clit. Her orgasm hit like a bolt and she cramped with several sharp contractions before falling back and contracting again. After several contractions, her writhing steadied and her consciousness returned. When it did, she began chanting, "Tom... Oh, god!... Oh-h GOD! ... Tom-m!" She moaned my name and said softly, "Mmmm ... Hummmm ... Yummmm. That felt so good! Wow, you guys work well together. No girl should miss out on that!" Smiling sweetly, she said again, "That felt so good!" and cast a thankful look towards us. 

Giggling, she asked, "Could one of you gentlemen bring me a drink? That took the juices right from me!" We all laughed at her humor and Rob retrieved the pitcher of Apple Jack mojito's and poured her a fresh glass full of mint leaves with ice. Now there's a thirst quencher, I thought.

We made small talk for a time while Rochelle effusively spoke of her orgasm saying it was one of her best ever. Her hands never left our cocks, on which she alternated strokes. I never went soft while she spoke and massaged my cock. 

After a time, she leaned to me and gently touched my lips. Her soft tongue swiped mine; left, and right and left again in an exquisite kiss. 

I took her breast and hand while she struck my nerves by running her tongue down my neck with a brief bite to bit my nips before she pushed me back into the bed. Her knee lifted ankle high to display me her lush pussy, then she threw it over and straddled my chest. With her gaping pussy in my face she hypnotized me and accentuated the sensation of her tongue probing my navel. 

Then she lifted my sperm laden balls in the cup of her hand and my cock twitched in response. I was so hard I thought I might burst. Her finger touched my cockhead where she spread my precum around; watching before dabbing it with her tongue and humming with satisfaction. Using her cum slickened finger, she rimmed my crinkled ass hole and then took my helmut into her mouth. She pumped her red lips down to slick the shaft, wrapped her tongue around my flared band and pulled away with a twist. 

Searing sensations caught me and I felt the release of more precum. It had been a very long time since I'd enjoyed a hummer and Rochelle was a master of technique. Her hand never lost its grip on my shaft and continued to pump it when she closed her mouth around my balls. Each ball she massaged in turn as if weighing the sperm that wanted to rush into her pussy. What an incredible feeling. 

We were still in a 69 position and when I opened my eyes, Rob was straddling my head while aiming his cock at her wanton pussy I'd licked to inflammation. His balls swung down and touched my nose and smelled of a randy earth scent. 

Guided by his hand he stuck his head just into her cunt before working it around to stretch her orgasm tightened muscles. Rochelle gave a moan muffled by my cock within in her throat. I watched in fascination as Rob continued pushing in and out before finally penetrated her to the hilt. His hairy balls rested against my fingers still holding her clit spread open for my tongue. Then he pulled slowly out, as if wanting me to see her loose inner lips extend with him. Her lips worked like squeegees designed to spread her sauce evenly around his rod. 

When he pushed back in, his balls drug across my face then slapped against my fingers which made me feel both nasty and anxious. With his re-entry her thin lips were pulled in and I looked with fascination at seeing a fuck in detail. I took all of this in again and again as he repeated thrusts and withdrawals until a ring of churned jell collected at his base and on her plump outer labia's. 

God it was nasty – heavenly even; his testicles touching me violated long rooted feelings resistance to feeling so intimately. I couldn't imagine being with a man, but was thrilled with this first tentative touch. 

Rochelle's mouth fell on my cock in time with Robs pushing. I'd never been deep throated before and was in ecstasy from it. My head hit her rough feeling tonsils and I could feel the back of her throat like a stiff cervix. She was fucking me with her mouth as much as giving a blow job.

Rob's tempo increased with rising urgency and I enjoyed her matching deep-throating. My cock was about to boil over and I knew she was already drinking my precum down. Faster than I could react, my balls rose up to explode and she sensed my impending gift. Suddenly my first ropy stream of cum shot down her throat and she took the gob down in one swallow. The second and remaining jets landed on her chest after she pulled me out. These she swiped on her chest and lavishly across her breasts. Her glazed tits caused her nipples to harden on atop crinkled areola. 

"You're so good to my skin Tom." "Yes." I said, "And your skin is so good to coat with my seed." She laughed, and Rob smiled.

Rob continued his pumping at a slower pace, then withdrew and said, "Rochelle get onto your back and raise your legs." She complied and while turning over said, "Wow that was yummy Tom. You're salty like coconut juice." 

My mouth was dry and I imagined hers was too. Indeed, she asked, "Can I have a drink before the next round? But first Rob needs to kiss me. I want him to taste your cum on his wife." So Rob kissed her while she inserted her tongue deep into his mouth. I saw him grimace, but he took it with composure. Then he broke off, reached for his mojito, took a swallow and handed it to Rochelle. 

She sat up with crossed legs and exposed her magnificently inflamed, just-fucked pussy lips. Then demanded, "Rob, you said you'd fuck me and I need you to finish the job. Fill my pussy with your cock and sperm before I give it to Tom."

Rob grabbed her thighs and pushed them back so her sex gaped before his still slick cock then shoved himself in to his balls. She sighed with relief at being filled again. 

I managed a smile, kissed her and whispered, "I have no idea what you feel like but I can't wait to find out." 

Rob moved quickly and said to me, "She's tight. I'm going to cum in her right now. Watch this!" One more thrust of cock into her cunt and he shot load after load into her until it flowed out and down the anus I'd earlier stuck my finger into. It looked like the perfect opportunity to do it again, but I held back thinking it would be better when I were inside her. 

It was over quickly and Rob pulled out while Rochelle relaxed her legs. I watched a stream of Robs cum slip onto the sheets enlarging a wet spot there. 

We relaxed for a time; sipping mojito's and recovered our breath. There was tension in the air as we all knew that I'd be fucking someone else's wife in the next scene. Yes, I still intended to make this a story even though we'd abandoned trying to write a script.
