 As her new Astin-Martin roared up the Ross' driveway, Michelle Bauer thought of what she was going to say to Shana Ross. How she was going to confront her? Was she going to deck the bitch? Or was she going to yell and scream? Or was she going to calmly tell Mrs. Ross that she knew full well about her affair with Michelle's husband, Craig?

Michelle and Craig had been married for ten years now, the last few of which had been horrible. Lousy. Their sex – which had drifted to once or twice a month, if at all – was perfunctory and dull. Once, he hadn't been able to keep his hands off her seductive body, nowadays, he didn't seem to care at all.

Michelle had taken great pains to keep herself in shape. Her brown hair was still long and thick, her eyes still sparkled. Her face belied her 30 years, her breasts were still round and firm. Biking, walking and running had kept her legs toned and sleek and she still had the coppery skin-tone Craig had fallen in love with.

She was still a sexual animal, still horny and needing, wanting, to be fucked. And fucked well, not just the "let's get it over with" sex Craig had been dishing out over the last few years.

She'd tried a lot of things. Talking dirty, wearing short skirts and thongs – which she'd come to like and was wearing to this day – lingerie, calling him at work – but none of it seemed to have any effect. Her friends sensed her unhappiness, her friend Susan had told her she wouldn't be surprised to find out Craig was having an affair.

Michelle's face went pale at that suggestion, she could feel the blood draining from her face. She never thought Craig was the type to cheat, never even suspected it. Now it was all she could think of.

She began looking at him more intently, she scrutinized his every move. He went on a lot of business trips, which didn't seem to make sense, as he wasn't really in the Sales Department of the computer firm he worked for. But a few weeks later, Michelle found the clincher.

The bills came in and as Craig wasn't home, she decided to open them and get them paid. When she opened the telephone bill and looked it over carefully, she noticed a number she didn't recognize immediately.

A LOT of calls had been made to that number, they seemed to occur shortly before each of his "business trips". Fuming, Michelle knew what she had to do. She dialed the number.

A female voice came over the receiver. "Ross residence." Michelle hung up the phone, swiftly.

Shana Ross. The attractive blonde wife of Craig's boss. Now that she had more information, some of the pieces seemed to come together.

Two years earlier, at the company Christmas party, Shana had spent a lot of time with them, being overly friendly. Now Michelle knew why. She and Craig were having an affair.

Still fuming, Michelle screeched the car to a halt in front of the Ross' beautiful home. Had Craig been visiting here? Had he fucked Shana Ross in her home or were they trysting somewhere else? She had to know, then she was going to let Craig know his little secret was out of the closet.

She rang the bell and stood there, tapping her foot, her expensive shoes gleaming in the sunlight. Shana Ross could have Craig, Michelle's body was sexy enough to attract any admirer she might chose. Who knows, she thought, after I have my talk with her, I might go out and pick up some hot stud!

She was certainly dressed for that, Michelle knew. She was wearing a short, black lycra mini, a lacy black spiderweb top, her favorite silk stockings and her newest Louis Vutton pumps. She radiated class mixed with raw sensuality.

The door opened and Shana Ross stood in the doorway, looking beautiful and elegant, icy cool, as she always did. She was dressed in a simple white sheath, her blonde hair hung loose and she was wearing simple diamond teardrop earrings. Shana Ross had beautiful high cheekbones. The word Michelle would have used to describe her was "quietly elegant." She supposed that was the appeal to her husband, rather than Michelle's own earthy sensuality. Shana looked down at Michelle and said "Yes? May I help you?"

Michelle steeled herself and said "Mrs. Ross, I don't know if you remember me. I'm Michelle Bauer, my husband works for your husband. We met at the Christmas party a few years ago."

Shana smiled at her, showing a row of dazzling white teeth. "Of course I remember you, who could forget someone so lovely? Please, come in."

Michelle allowed herself to be led into the lovely home and accepted Shana's offer of a drink. She'd need a little alcohol to steel herself for what she had to do.

Shana handed Michelle her drink and sat on the leather couch across from her, the sheath parted, revealing an expanse of lovely, sleek leg. Michelle could certainly understand her husband's attraction to Shana, she was lovely, almost regal-looking in her demeanor.

"Not that it isn't nice to see you again Michelle, but what is the purpose of your visit?" Shana asked her.

"You're having an affair with my husband." Michelle hadn't intended to be so matter-of-fact, but it was out and inwardly, she breathed a sigh of relief.

"I beg your pardon?"

Michelle certainly could admire Shana's coolness under pressure, but she had to get this over with. "I know my husband isn't going away on ... `business' trips all the time. Our sex life is horrible. I checked our phone records and there are several calls to your home that fall close to his trips. You and my husband are having an affair."

Shana smiled and put down her drink. "Well. I can certainly admire your courage at confronting the `other woman', my dear, but it isn't me. I am not having an affair with your husband."

Michelle started to speak, but Shana put up her hand to stop her. "I'm sorry about your love life, I don't know about the trips, and the calls – well, they could be to my husband. But I am not interested in your husband, Craig and I aren't having an affair."

"He's having an affair with someone!" Michelle said, bitterly.

"Well, it isn't me, Michelle. Craig isn't my type."

"Oh, come on. At the Christmas party, you spent all of your time with us, you were lively and friendly, very flirty. You mean to tell me you weren't flirting with Craig and trying to get his attention?"

Shana smiled at Michelle again. "I was being lively and flirty, yes. But it isn't Craig's attention I was trying to get."

Michelle's face twisted in confusion. "Oh? Oh!!"

Shana began talking as comprehension came over Michelle. "I'm not into men, Michelle darling. I thought you were the prettiest thing I'd seen in years and was trying to get your attention."

"But you're married."

"Yes Michelle, and I love my husband. I even have sex with him once in a while. But our marriage is more one of convenience. He wanted someone young and stunning on his arm, and I gave that to him – for certain considerations."

"I don't get it."

Shana went on. "My husband is a nice man Michelle, but not exactly a movie star. He had money, he wanted a good-looking wife. Do you know what I was doing when Paul met me?"

Michelle shook her head. "I was dancing in a Strip Club. Paul was one of my best customers. After a few weeks, he asked me to marry him. I agreed. We're happy, in our way. Once in a while, I have to fuck him. His sex drive is only so-so, I have lots of time to live my own life."

Michelle was agog at all this news. "But you're so intelligent, so classy."

Shana giggled at her. "All of that can be learned – or bought – Michelle, dear!"

Michelle was finding it hard to wrap her head around all these new concepts. "So, all that flirting, all those jokes, all that time – was for my benefit?" Shana nodded at her.

"I suppose I should be very flattered Shana, but I don't swing that way."

"Are you sure?"

"What do you mean?"

Shana kept smiling, the warmth of it made Michelle a little more comfortable. "You were very chatty and friendly to me that night, as I recall. And I noticed you checking out my legs when I sat down."

Michelle took another drink of her Gin and Tonic and let Shana continue speaking.

"Darling Michelle, I'm not going to attack you. I just think you're very lovely and the two of us could have a lot of fun together. Your husband is cheating on you and ..."

Michelle said "Two wrongs don't make a right, Shana."

Shana smiled and continued on. "No, but you've been unhappy for a while, haven't you? Unfulfilled?" Michelle nodded. 

"Then why not enjoy life – with me? Give it a try, pretty girl, you just might enjoy yourself. And, it's not as if I can make you pregnant."

Michelle sat there, taking it all in. A lot of what the stunning blonde had said made a lot of sense. She was unhappy, sexually unfulfilled. She was looking for passion, but warmth and comfort. There was an undeniable attraction to Shana as well, no matter how much she tried to suppress it.

"What do I do?"

Shana smiled at Michelle and stood up, taking her hand. "You've already done it, darling. Come with me."

Michelle allowed herself to be led downstairs to the basement. In the Rec Room, she saw that it was devoted to hedonistic pleasures. The room was mirrored, a large and comfortable-looking bed lay in the center of the room. On it were satin sheets. She saw a large cedar chest that was filled with all sorts of sexy gadgets, vibrators, dildos, even handcuffs and silk restraints. She felt Shana's soft hands on her shoulders and her heated breath on her neck.

"Mmm, you're so tense, darling." Shana said, purring in Michelle's ear. "Let me see what I can do about that. Strip for me."

Michelle hesitated for a moment, but only a moment. She slowly undressed, feeling Shana's eyes on her body, taking in all her luscious curves. She slipped off the pumps, skirt, top and last, her stockings. She turned and stood proudly naked in front of her lover-to-be.

"Migod, you're magnificent" Shana said, leaning in to give Michelle a soft peck on the lips. "I'll be right back, lay face down on the bed."

Michelle did as she was told, slightly afraid of this new experience, but she found an excitement in her fear, a thrill of trying something new, something unknown. Shana returned a few minutes later, now dressed in a slinky black negligee and fuzzy black bedroom slippers. Michelle found her pulse racing at the sight of the stunning blonde.

Shana placed herself beside Michelle and began rubbing her back with some kind of oil, it smelled wonderful. "What is that Shana, it smells heavenly!" Michelle exclaimed.

"Eucalyptus" Shana answered her, beginning to rub Michelle's back in slow circles, firmly kneading the taut flesh beneath her hands. Michelle had never felt anything so wonderful, it was as if Shana was rubbing all her cares away with slow, deliberate strokes. 

"Like it, darling?" Shana asked.

"Mmm-hmm" Michelle answered, almost feeling as if she could cum now. She hadn't felt this good in years, as Shana's knowing hands moved all over her back, rubbing the knot out of her neck, shoulders and caressing up and down her thighs. Despite her initial apprehensions, Michelle knew she was getting turned on and her pussy was getting wet.

Shana herself was overjoyed that Michelle had succumbed to her charms. She felt sorry for the young woman that her husband was a cheating creep, but she also gave silent thanks that his cheating had led Michelle to her door. Shana vowed to make the best of this opportunity.

She moved her hands slowly, skillfully, over Michelle's responsive form, taking her time, not rushing. She wanted to make her first time special, so the lovely brunette would continue coming back. Michelle was far too beautiful for this to be a one-time thing for them.

Shana trailed her fingernails down Michelle's backside, she saw little goosebumps rise on the woman's flesh. It was something Shana liked having done to her, so she was fairly certain Michelle would like it. She was correct, Michelle's pleasure was undeniable.

Shana began moving in for the kill. The lingerie-clad blonde began kissing, ever-so-gently, Michelle's butterscotch skin, she heard the barest of sighs escape from Michelle's lips. Shana kissed across Michelle's shoulders, downwards, leaving a little trail as she began a slow seduction of this sexy, desirable creature.

"That feels good, so good Shana, more, please more!" Michelle begged.

Michelle's pleas were music to Shana's ears. She replaced her lips with her tongue and began licking now, more fervent in her needs, she focused all her attention on Michelle, still rubbing, licking and seeing Michelle move against the bed in passionate response.

"Turn over baby, let's take this up a notch!" Shana said gleefully, moving off of the bed for a moment and peeling off her negligee. Aside from her slippers, she was now as naked as Michelle.

Shana climbed onto the bed and pressed her body to Michelle's, their breasts squashed together, nipple to nipple. Shana squirmed against the copper-skinned beauty, feeling her own arousal grow. She began moving down her new lover's body, loving the satiny skin under her fingers and tongue. She licked and kissed around Michelle's pierced navel, hearing a light giggle from the girl as she did so. Her tongue slithered downward, toward the prize she craved.

Seeing Shana's blonde head between her thighs sent a new kind of rush throughout Michelle. She had never expected to be this heated, this excited over the pleasures of another woman, not one she had despised a mere hour ago.

Shana's tongue dipped and snaked deeply into Michelle's cunt, bringing the clit into a hard little nubbin, which she suckled and pulled. "Oh God, FUCK, YES!" Michelle screamed out in pleasure as her first lesbian thrill overwhelmed her senses. She was a ball of squirming, aroused flesh as she hunched her pussy up at Shana's licking tongue and probing fingers. 

"I take it you like this, Michelle lover?" Shana said teasingly, stroking Michelle's soft mound gently. 

"Yes, oh fuck, yesss!" Michelle responded in elation. "I've never felt this good, not with my husband, not with anyone!"

"Well, we have lots of time darling!" Shana replied, returning to her cuntlapping. She attacked the sweet pussy ferociously now, burying her face deep in the folds of the brunette's dripping quim. Her face moved from side to side, up and down, encouraged by Michelle's screams of joy.

"Oh fucking God, oh-my-fucking-GOD!!" Michelle screamed at the new feelings ripping throughout her body. It was like every nerve ending on her entire body was alive and charged with energy as beautiful Shana continued to pleasure her. She kissed Michelle's soft thighs and began moving up, sucking one brown nipple, then the other, squeezing Michelle's tits together and licking them with her tongue. She moved close to Michelle's face and their lips and tongues met in the softest of kisses.

"Better than you expected?" Shana teased and Michelle nodded happily. "I want to do you Shana! I want to try you and bring you pleasure, is that okay?"

"VERY okay" Shana said with a satisfied smile. "Let me move up on the bed, dearest, and you do whatever you like to my hot body!"

"Hot body is right!" Michelle smiled. "You're so blonde, so spectacular, I love looking at you!"

"Thank you baby, but you can do more than look!" the cool-looking blonde smiled, her emerald eyes sparkling as Michelle trailed a fingernail across her nipples. She reclined on the bed and Michelle's eyes looked her over, enjoying the sight of her new lover, still incredulous that she'd found such joy in the arms of another woman.

The blonde smiled as Michelle nervously kissed down her body. She exaggerated her moans slightly, to encourage the pretty brunette, and it seemed to be working. With each lick of her tongue, Michelle's nervousness seemed to disappear. She licked all around Shana's navel, loving the flat smoothness of the woman's belly, her hands traveled back up Shana's body and caressed her tiny, delicate, exquisite breasts. She loved manipulating them in her hands, hearing Shana's little yelps of pleasure, and she moved back down again.

Now between Shana's thighs, she looked lovingly at the delicate tendrils of blonde hair that covered the pretty, pink pussy. Michelle steeled herself, then moved in and begin licking, tentatively at first. At the first few tastes of the sweet morsel, her hesitation vanished. Shana tasted sweet, her juices better than any cum she'd ever tasted. She licked ardently now, practically inhaling Shana's cunt as she ate her out. Shana's body arced upwards as Michelle gripped her ass and held on for dear life, her tongue delving deeply into the pink cunt, eating and devouring her lover. 

"Shit, oh Christ, baby, that's so good, so goddamned good, fuck, you're a natural, keep it up, oh, you sweet little bitch, EAT ME!" Shana yelled. Michelle's skill and enthusiasm for play exceeded any fantasy Shana had harbored about the girl, she was a wonderful playmate!

Michelle's inexperience was made up for by her sheer joy at pleasuring Shana. Knowing she was able to wring such passion out of this incredible woman was a tremendous ego-boost to her, having been so dead with Craig over the last few years. Michelle had come to the realization that Craig was the loser here, there was certainly no end to her passion.

The taste of sweet pussy was fresh on her tongue as she moved away from Shana's cunt. She kissed the blonde passionately, letting Shana taste her own juices. "This has been so wonderful baby!" she smiled at Shana.

"Oh darling, this is far from over!" Shana said softly as they kissed. "This is only the beginning lover, believe me! Come on!"

Shana led Michelle to a room that adjoined the Rec Room. She looked around and saw it was full of clothes, shoes, all sorts of erotic costuming and paraphenelia. Shana dressed Michelle in a black bustier that left her breasts bare, she gave her a pair of black PVC boots with stiletto heels. Shana opted for a burgundy bra and panty set, sexy over her tanned, slender body. She put on black spiky heels and the women went back into the other room and lay back on the bed.

This time, it was unhurried, no rushing. Shana moved alongside Michelle and pampered the brunette's lovely body with sweet, soft kisses that sent tingles all throughout her body. Her nipples stiffened into hard little peaks as Shana's tongue laved them and licked all over her breasts, her slender fingers pulling and tugging on them gently. Michelle's soft sighs and whimpers of pleasure let Shana know she was on the right track to pleasing her newest lover.

Every time Shana moved close to her mouth, Michelle kissed her, as if she would vanish if she didn't. She didn't want this experience to end, every second of the lesbian lovefest was bringing her to newer heights of pleasure. Shana's lips were so soft against her own, fuller lips and the gleam she saw in Shana's eyes let Michelle know she was equally aroused.

Michelle's hands roamed all over the blonde's spectacular body, noting how firm the slender woman was. There was no fat, not an ounce of loose flesh on the blonde woman's body. Her thighs were sleek and her legs long, she was the sexiest, most provocatively sexy thing Michelle had ever seen.

"You are beautiful, so absolutely beautiful!" Michelle sighed as Shana leaned in for another loving kiss.

"Me? Darling baby, have you looked in the mirror lately? Turn your head and look at us in the mirror, you're stunning!"

Michelle heeded her lover's advice and looked over at the mirrored wall. She was almost taken aback at what she saw. The scene in the mirror was sensual, mesmerizing, erotic – and she was a part of it. She saw her body, wild and provocative, hair tousled, eyes blazing, underneath her blonde, regal-looking blonde lover. But there was indeed an undeniable sexuality to her own body she had never been aware of before.
