 They teased me in school. They made fun of the way I looked, and the way I dressed. I swore that some day I would get even. But growing up in a small town made revenge very difficult. I ran away from home in the middle of high school, and worked my way across the country. I managed to not only finish high school, but I even went to college. Fifteen years had passed, when I finally moved closer to my home town. I started an entertainment business, catering mostly bachelor parties, and other adult entertainment. I have a large staff working for me, and I am doing quite well. Then it happened. For some reason, I glanced at our work calendar, and saw a name that sounded familiar. It was one of the bullies from my old school. Seems he is finally getting married, and someone is using my company to cater it. It took some doing, but I managed to get a copy of the guest list. Well, what do you know, they will all be there. All five of them still hang out together. I must plan this carefully.              

* * *

 Rather than send one of our busty blonde strippers out, I decided to take this one on myself. My plan would be perfect. Those five assholes have weaseled their way to the top of the town, all holding very prestigious positions. Three of them were already married, this will be fun. I made all the arrangements myself. I went over it time and time again. This Friday night will be one to remember!               

* * * 

They were having the bash at a big hotel about forty miles from their precious little town. That way they could party without guilt. I arrived a day early to set everything up. I paid the bartender extra to make sure these guys were well oiled early into the night. They wanted the old "pop out of the cake" thing, which made my plan even easier. As I got ready, I couldn't help but to laugh at how easy this would be. I adjusted my bra, to give my breasts maximum lift, and carefully applied my make up. I rolled my blue fishnet stockings up my long legs, and slipped on my 5 inch spiked heels. Not much was left to the imagination as I finished dressing. I slipped a long coat on before sashaying down to the banquet room. I peeked inside, and found them yelling and laughing, and pretty well smashed. I took my coat off, and climbed into the corny wooden cake. I waved to a waiter, who came over and pushed me into the room of drunken jerks. I gave the waiter enough time to close the doors on his way out, before I made my appearance. Well. this is it, I sat nervously waiting for my cue. When the song ended, I popped up, holding my arms up over my head. I then climbed out, making sure to show a lot of butt as I did. I then pushed the cake carefully over to the corner of the room. They were hooting and hollering and whistling at me. They were too drunk, and its been too long, for them to remember me. As I pranced around in front of them, they grabbed my ass, and tried to kiss me. I let them have just enough to put them in a frenzy. Now to lay down some rules. I had to whisper, to disguise my voice. It sounded sexier that way too. "Rule number one, no touching. Understand? If you touch me, then I'm out of here." They all nodded. "Rule number two, I'm always in charge, OK?" 

Again they nodded. "OK, now who's the lucky man?" I already knew him well. They all pointed to the sorry slob. I turned the music back on and danced my way over to him. I then started a lap dance, grinding my little butt into his crotch. I could feel his cock growing underneath me. I turned around, and squatted in front of him, and rubbed his cock. He made no effort to stop me so I continued. I rubbed my way to the top of his pants and worked his zipper down. The others were cheering me on, so I did it. I ran my tongue up and down his vein filled member. I licked and sucked until he came. He filled my mouth with warm salty cum. I then danced my way over to my next victim and kissed him. I could feel his tongue licking my lips, trying to gain entrance to my mouth. If that's what he wanted, who am I to argue. I slowly opened my mouth, and his tongue pushed deep past my lips. As his tongue probed my mouth, I pushed the entire load of cum I had been saving, back into his mouth. He swallowed it before he realized what he had done. I then slid down in front of him and began sucking him off. He grabbed my head, and I stood up immediately. "I said no touching! I'm through", I whispered and started to leave He begged me not go and promised he would not touch me again. I told them one more chance, and they nodded eagerly. I dropped to my knees and finished what I had started earlier, bringing him off quickly. I repeated the kissing scene with each guy, so by the time I had finished, each one would have swallowed one of the others cum. In their drunken state, they marveled at how good each other had tasted, and each bragged about how much they came, or how much they swallowed. As they bantered back and forth, I wheeled my "cake" towards the door. They stopped me to give me a tip. They each pulled out their wallets grabbing handfuls of bills from each other, and finally handing the whole wad to me. I thanked them, and hurried out to the hall. Once out there, I reached into my cake and pulled out my coat, and a small box, and headed back to my room.

Once in the privacy of my room, I through the wad of bills onto the bed, there was nearly fifteen hundred dollars there! This was too easy. I opened the box and pulled my camcorder out, and hit "stop". I quickly reviewed parts of the tape to see that my aim was perfect. I had what I needed and then some. I pulled my stockings off, along with those heels, then stripped off the rest of my clothes. I walked into the bathroom and cleaned the makeup from my face. As I laid on the bed, I couldn't help but laugh as I lay there wondering what would be better, to have their friends and family see them being sucked off by some blonde bimbo, and obviously enjoying it, or to have their friends and family see them being sucked off by me. I decided to make my choice tomorrow, as I tossed my wig onto the night stand, and began stroking my hard cock.