 Like virtually every other rational adult on the planet, I had always assumed Santa Claus, and his workshop at the North Pole was a silly, fictional construct intended to gently encourage kids to be good and adding a little mystery to the otherwise decidedly commercial holiday. Like many myths, however, there were a few kernels of hard truths tucked away, buried under the gleaming, happy story. Santa Claus and, more importantly for the purposes of this story, his elves, are incredibly real. This story recounts my experience in late 2015, between Christmas morning and New Year's Day and even though you'll undoubtedly write it off as the deranged musings of a wishful, druggy slut, every word is absolutely true. 

First off we'll get the boring stuff out of the way: the Santa Claus legend is spread across many different cultures, across decades if not centuries, and not every single aspect of the legend is literally true. Some attributes of the story are completely fabricated, others exaggerated. You'll be happy to know that Santa does deliver gifts to deserving boys and girls, but only the poorest and most miserable of innocent and good kids are so blessed. Santa also has a magical workshop, staffed by dozens of magically hard working elves. The elves are all male: modern conventions of equal gender rights haven't made their way into Santa's magical workshop yet. Throughout most of the year they toil in the creation of unique, classic toys- no video gaming systems, for example- imbued with a special magic that makes their recipients truly love and cherish the toy, despite the fact they're not the latest and greatest gimmicks. It's not quite the same thing as that gnarly hobbit that loved his precious gold ring, but the magic that makes the kids adore the gifts are not far from that phenomenon either, and is a gentle, more benign version of that kind of strange lust. There is a Mrs. Claus as well, but for the purposes of this dark story, she is merely a side character. The elves toil almost all year to make the toys, Santa divines which kids are deserving, and then he delivers them all the handmade toys on Christmas Eve. This is the core of the beloved myth that is actually true. Now I'll describe another aspect of the myth that is not commonly known. 

By any definition of the term, I'm incredibly naughty. Name a sin from any given popular religion and I've willingly experienced it at least once. As a young kid I decided that God was a total myth, the concept of "sin" a mortal construct intended to manage the citizenry, and as such decided that exploring all sin was mandatory partly because I resented being lied to, and partly because I could. The irony here being that I now know firsthand that Santa isn't a myth, so I'm left having to figure out if maybe I was wrong about God too... 

Mr. and Mrs. Claus, and the workshop elves, are apparently immortal, but from my limited experience are otherwise very much like humans: they eat, drink, sleep and, among other human activities, fornicate. I never witnessed Mr. Mrs. Claus getting nasty, but it was certainly alluded to during my week among the elves. Elves, it turns out, love to fuck. and after about 51 weeks of working their tight little asses off constructing magical toys for the worthy, downtrodden kids of the world, once Santa is out delivering toys, they are probably the horniest creatures on the planet. Before Santa loads up his sleigh with toys to be delivered, he runs two very important errands on the dawn of Christmas Eve: he fetches the two naughtiest, subjectively prettiest cretins, one male and one female, effectively kidnapping them and bringing them back to his workshop as a plaything for his elves. A reward for all their hard work. I was the male that Santa scooped up out of my crappy one bedroom apartment at 12:04 a.m. EST on December 24, 2015. The woman was grabbed minutes later, and Santa whisked us both up to the workshop, dropping us off minutes later before attending to his 24 hours of toy delivery. I never saw the female again until after New Years Day, when Santa promptly took us and dropped us back off at our respective homes. We never spoke. 

After he picked us up, as were magically jetting back to the North Pole, Santa only said "You two naughty sluts have been chosen to serve my elves for the next several days. They've worked hard all year, and they want and deserve to get laid. You both will do as they demand, satisfy their every lust and leave them completely spent before I take you both back home." And with that, Santa's left hand left the reigns of his sleigh and he waved it in front of each of our rapt, confused faces. I don't know what he did, but he definitely shifted something within me, During the next six days of debauchery it became clear that he had magically amplified up my natural decadence, and gave me an almost supernatural ability to know what a given elf really desired, and then give it to them joyfully, without hesitation or reluctance. 

"Now," Santa ordered as we touched down in the garage of the workshop "get your asses out of my sleigh, and get to work rewarding my naughty elves." before physically shoving us out of the sleigh, with an elf each taking our hand and leading us away from the sleigh and into different rooms. 

"Hello Jack." My elfish guide said. "My name is Alabaster Snowball, but you can call me Al. I'm here to make sure everything goes smoothly the next several days, that you're willing and able to genuinely satisfy the carnal needs of me and my fellow elves. The woman Santa brought with you will be doing the same thing, but in a different area of the workshop, and you will not see her until Santa is ready to take both of you back home. Do you have any questions?" 

"No." I replied. "There is no way this is real, so either I'm overdosing right now, and/or dreaming, and I'll just ride it out for now, Al. Thanks for asking, though! At least this feels more like a dream than a kidnapping nightmare!"

Al chuckled, and replied "Well, hopefully you'll continue to feel that way throughout the next several days. Many of your predecessors felt the way you do, had a grand time, and returned home with their psyche and sanity still largely intact. Rolling with what you're about to experience is definitely better than fighting against it, that is for sure. Now, the first step is to prepare you and your body for the gang bang that is about to commence!" 

"Gang bang?" I asked wistfully. 

"Yes, Jack, a gang bang. For lack of a better term, that is basically what you're going to be the center of for the next handful of days. Me and my fellow elves haven't been laid in almost a year, and all our balls are loaded with cum that needs to be released. Now, please remove your clothes and climb in the shower with me so we can get you all cleaned up." 

I still didn't really understand this dream. I had enjoyed several kinky dreams over the years, waking up with a persistent boner that I beat into submission before falling back asleep as my cum dried out on my belly, but none had ever seemed quite as lucid as this. Both Santa and Al had explicitly told me what was about to happen to me, but I still didn't really believe it. It was too weird, even for my vivid imagination and twisted experiences. So I opted to continue rolling with it, figuring the weird dream was more likely to be a fun one if I didn't argue with Al or anybody, removing my clothes and carefully setting them on a bench adjacent to the large walk-in shower. Al also removed his clothes, placing them next to mine on the bench and held the shower door open for me to enter. 

"This is my favorite part of the week, Jack. I can see in your eyes you still don't really believe this is happening: that is the case with most of our sexual recruits each year. And the sexiest moment is always when I'm looking in your eyes, having my way with you, and you suddenly understand that this is all real, and all really happening to you. It's glorious!" And with that, Al turned on the shower heads, including a couple dildo-tipped hoses, and the shower started steaming up as the water warmed. 

Aside from his oddly pointed ears, Al looked just like an exceptionally lean, fit, average human. If his long hair hadn't been pulled back, and was instead covering his ears, I never would have thought he was anything but a lithe, young man. His skin was quite brown, his face and body hairless, his fingers long and thin, much like his fine facial features. By any objective assessment he was incredibly handsome, even model-worthy, and looked to be in his mid-twenties. 

I was still standing in the shower, bewildered, when Al handed me a small can of something to drink. On the side was a "Clean Up Concentrate!" logo I had never seen before. It was a small, narrow can like a smaller Red Bull. "Pop this open, and drink it down Jack," commanded Al. Still in something of a dreamy, confused fugue I unhesitatingly obeyed Al, cracking the can open and guzzling it all down. It even tasted like a can of Red Bull, with a slight chemical taste overlaid over some vague fruit flavoring that I couldn't quite identify. Immediately I felt a strong, sustained rumbling in my belly, followed immediately by a need to take a dump. 

"Holy fuck, Al, I really really feel like I need to shit, NOW!" I almost yelled at my host. 

"Of course you do, Jack, that's the intent of the drink!" Jack gestured towards a toilet seat tucked in the corner of the vast shower that I hadn't noticed, and without hesitation I dashed over, lifted the lid, sat down, and proceeded to empty my bowels more violently than ever before. solid and liquid waste exploded down and out, continuing without pause for what seemed like forever. Al was just standing under a shower head, casually soaping himself up, and watching me with a bemused look on this face, 

"Man, Al, I've never experienced anything like that before!" I flushed the toilet, not even daring to look into it first to witness the pounds of matter I had just expelled. And then, with the same suddenness as before, I now felt an abrupt need to throw up! It felt awful. "Al, I think I'm going to throw!" My words were cut off, as I twisted around, got on my knees, and unloaded all the contents of my stomach. I hadn't eaten much that night- blowing lines of coke always dampens my appetite- but the small salad and masticated slice of pizza all came raging out my belly, followed by stomach bile and the whisky I had been drinking aggressively throughout the night. 

"There you are, Jack," he assured me, as he gently placed a hand on the back of my neck and gently stroked me. "I know the last few minutes have been pretty darn unpleasant, but if there is one thing all elves agree upon, and there aren't many things, it's that we strongly prefer our sluts be absolutely clean inside and out at all times. And the only way to achieve that almost holy state is to purge you with magical efficacy. Don't worry, you won't have to go through that miserable experience again while you're here. From here on out you'll only be swallowing our special nutritional pills, and elf cum, 100% of both which your body digests completely, leaving no waste, and leaving you constantly clean and ready for a good fucking." 

A warmth passed over me, as the pangs that heralded both ends of me erupting completely subsided, and the shower room was getting nice and steamy. My head, while still a little cloudy, felt much, much better, and I felt myself relax. Standing up, Al took me by the hand and gently led me beneath one of the shower heads and began soaping me up from head to toe. "You should be starting to feel much better now, Jack, maybe even a little horny! Everybody reacts a little differently to our Clean Up Concentrate, but usually once they're emptied out, they start feeling sanguine, almost sleepy and definitely slutty." he finished, smiling slyly. 

"Sanguine?" I asked? "I don't know what the hell that word means, but I definitely feel the other two words, and am feeling much better than I was 5 minutes ago!" Reaching up on his tip toes, Al had removed the shower head from its holder, and began gently rinsing all the soap from my hair and body, carefully making sure to get my crevices rinsed. During this process, I felt Al's large, soft cock casually bumping up against my thighs, and other body parts, as he worked to rinse me clean. 

"Now," said Al, "I'm going to take this enema and gently give you a final douche." He gestured towards the smaller dildo-shaped shower head, as he reached over to lift it from its wait-high holder. 

"No problem, Al" I replied. I was feeling great now. Memories of the almost violently thoroughly purging a few minutes ago had completely faded behind me, replaced by this warm, lazy, horny feeling that settled completely over me. I faced the shower wall, hands against the wall, ass pushed upward, and widening my stance to give Al the access he needed.

"Good boy, Jack. It's great to see you adopting to this strange situation. You're going to have a great time over the next several days." And with that paternal assurance, I glanced over my shoulder to watch him take out a dollop of what I assumed to be lube from a strange, small glass box and carefully push it up inside my increasing hungry, clean, tight white ass. Then I felt him ease the douche tip up inside me a few inches. "Clamp down on it, Jack. I want you to make a firm, tight seal around it so as I gently spray warm water up deep inside you, we'll be able to fill you up and make sure every nook and cranny of yours is flawlessly clean." I clamped down with all my will, and watched Al turning on the water, feeling it filling me up slowly. 

"I feel pretty full now, Al, and I think I think the water will start leaking out soon." 

"Good boy, Jack," He replied, turning the water off, "Now keep your hole clenched, go back over to the toilet and let it all flow out." he instructed, as he slowly slid the nozzle out of me. I of course obeyed, and after all that building pressure, it felt great having it all flow out of me. Glancing down before flushing all the water away, I was amazed to see that it looked crystal clear, with no trace of yuck. "Now, flush that clean water away Jack, and come back over for a final rinsing so we can make sure we didn't miss anything." Again, without hesitation I obeyed Al. Why wouldn't I obey him, after all? Granted, the after effects of the soda were extremely uncomfortable, but it didn't last long, and there was no denying that it did the job brilliantly. And this strange, cozy warm feeling in my belly felt so good, and was definitely not subsiding. If anything I was increasingly steeped in the unique sensations. And with that cozy feeling, I found myself unable to take my eyes off of Al's beautiful, soft, arching, dark dick as he finished rinsing me off. "Jack, you know it isn't polite to stare." Al said, half-joking. 

"I'm sorry, Al, I've just got all these strange feelings running through me, and you know, to be honest, I can't stop staring at your cock!" I confessed. 

"Don't you worry your slutty little mind about that, Jack, that's entirely expected. Now, I know you're not just staring at my cock. That you're more than likely thinking about all the things you want to do with it. Think about what a great dream this could be for you, why don't you grab that padded mat over there, drop it on the floor in front of me, get down on your knees and get to work on my cock." It was like Al was a mind reader, and I certainly didn't need to be encouraged, hoping that was what was supposed to happen in my dream. So I once again followed his instructions, and before I knew it I was licking and gently tugging on his chubby, long cock then sliding my mouth over it completely, swallowing it to the hilt, feeling it start to inevitably grow in my mouth and throat. "Ohhh, yes, that's it Jack. I'll tell you what, Santa's ability to not only select the naughtiest, sluttiest of you humans, but also the most willingly compliant among you, never ceases to amaze me... Oh yes, Jack, keep it in your throat, feel my big elf cock grow and fill your throat." 

Al was groaning and moaning as I kept sucking and licking his hardening dick and smooth balls, gently sliding his dick in and out of my throat, his hands wrapped around the back of my head carefully controlling the pace and penetration of his cock. I was completely entranced, with all my mind totally concentrating on his now fully erect, big brown cock sliding in out of my throat, when I heard the door to the shower open abruptly. I hesitated, glancing over towards the door, my mouth still stuffed with Al's cock, and saw not one, not two, but three more men enter one after another, all naked, all hairless, and all with ears just like Al's. I glanced upwards, as Al was pushing his cock head deep down into my throat, somewhat alarmed and confused. "Yes, Jack, yes. Languish in this moment of realization. Yes." Al was pounding his cock faster and faster into my throat, barely giving me enough time to catch my breath, before sliding all eight inches back into my throat. "You see my fellow elves. And I can see in your somewhat scared eyes, that you are finally realizing this is not some strangely real dream!" Al's voice grew louder, as the third elf closed the shower door behind him, the three of them were jerking and stroking their own hardening cocks in a circle around me and Al. "This is the moment! The moment you realize..." Al sucked in his breath, shoving his cock deepest into my throat, his balls visibly retracting, "...That this is not a dream at all! Now, Jack, swallow my big cum load!" And with that, he started groaning and cumming. A year's worth of pent up elf cum proceeded to flood my throat and mouth, filling me full, as spurt after spurt kept shooting in my mouth, even as I was swallowing as much as I could. And Al just kept pumping, shooting more cum and filling my belly. "Ah, fuck, that was good, Jack. You're a good little slut. Boys," Al said to his three fellows, "Once again Santa nailed it, and we have here a cute, little compliant cum whore to do our bidding for the next several days! " With big smiles, all three clustered around me, hardening cocks dangling in front my face. Usually after such a thorough face fucking as Al had just given me, I would have wanted to chill out and relax, give my throat time to adjust, before sliding yet another cock into it. But that warm glow from my belly still suffused me, and my only hesitation was because I couldn't think of a way to get all four dicks in my mouth at the same time! 

"Alabaster, is he all ready to go I assume? He's already downed the can of soda?" asked one of the elves, built the same as Al, also hairless, but with pale skin and a much thinner and somewhat longer dick he had placed on my eager lips.

"Yes, Pepper, Jack here is all ready to go. It appears he's finally realized he's not in a dream and, from the look in his eyes, he's now trying to decide if seven straight days of sucking and fucking with a drove of horny elves like us is heaven or hell!" All four of them got a good laugh out of this, while I was greedily tugging and licking Pepper's cock, enjoying the thin white shaft and big, blushing mushroom head. Al meanwhile was tugging at his cock, while slapping my forehead with it once in awhile, and I was amazed to see if already starting to get firmer again. Another elf popped out of the shower, and immediately came back in carrying what looked like a leather saddle stand that he placed in the center of the shower, gesturing me to lay face down on top of it. Pepper slipped his dick out of my mouth, so I could briefly stand before laying down on the stand, my ass and mouth both at waist level. 

"I'll stay in his throat," Pepper commanded, "and I'm guessing you're wanting to now get a piece of his ass Al, right?" Al nodded, affirmatively, stepping over behind me, his now fully erect cock in his right hand. "You two can each take a hand. You can tell this he's been gang banged before, and he won't know what to do with his hands if there isn't a cock in them!" Laughing, Pepper kept fucking my throat slowly. While the shaft was thinner than Al's, the head was big and fluffy, and it was all I could do to get it all down my throat. Fortunately there was a chin rest build into the saddle stand, and it kept my head and throat parallel to the floor, easily able to accept a maximum amount of cock. The other two elves obeyed Pepper, positioning themselves on either side of me, while I felt the head of Al's stiff cock gently press up against my tight, lubed up sphincter and slowly begin sliding it into me. Once Al's cock head was past the opening, and fully in my hole, he started gently but firmly stroking in and out. The other two elves, staring at the fucking and sucking in front of them placed their thickening cocks in my waiting hands. 
