 Richard woke up first the next morning, his erection pressing insistently into Julia's lower back. Unable to resist the convenience of Julia's holes, he dipped his cock into her still sleeping pussy and thrust a few times. When he was good and wet, he pulled out and positioned himself at her asshole and started pressing in. She was still relaxed from last night, and couldn't tense up while sleeping, so Richard slipped right in. As he started lazily thrusting, Julia half awoke. She felt the thrusting and pressed her ass back at him, squeezing her internal muscles. Her eyes were still closed, but Richard knew she was enjoying this. 

Richard continued to thrust slowly in and out of Julia, his mind still full of the hot dream he had awoken from. He was picturing Julia tied up with her holes on offer, being used and cum in by all of his friends. The image was so hot, he knew he wouldn't last long. After only a few minutes of lazy half-awake thrusting he came, letting out a long sigh as his cock pumped jet after jet of cum into Julia's bowels. 

Richard slipped his softening cock out, and began to tell Julia about the dream he had had. She had been aroused by the fucking, but not enough to cum, and his story about her being used by all his friends left her cunt dripping wet. She reached down to rub herself off, and Richard knew she loved his idea. He said he would set up a party for his friends the next weekend; the thought of actually being gangbanged pushed Julia over the edge, and she convulsed in a huge orgasm. 

After she had cum she had a moment of concern about the plan. It was rare for her to question Richard but she had to ask, 

"Is it safe to let them all cum in me?"

"I'll make sure they're all clean."

This was Richard's final word, and he got up to shower and get ready for work. Julia got up as well and went to the kitchen to make his breakfast. 

All through the week they were both excited for their upcoming gangbang. Richard was randy as hell, and Julia's holes were getting worked over at least twice a day. On Friday evening Richard came home from work with a rock hard cock. He walked into the kitchen where Julia was making dinner, put down his briefcase and said, "Bend over." Julia put down her mixing spoon and bent over the counter obediently, and Richard lifted up the edge of the small skirt she was wearing, then lowered her panties. He smacked her ass a few times, loving the way it quivered. He then took his cock out of his suit pants and plunged it straight into her canal. She was only a bit wet, and the friction spurred Richard on. He started fucking her hard and fast, eliciting a faint, "Oof" from Julia. After about 30 seconds of hard thrusting, Richard grunted in pleasure and came, coating Julia's insides in sperm. He pulled out, and Julia tidied her clothes and kept on cooking. 

"There's going to be 12 guys," said Richard as they ate their dinner. 

"Wow" was all Julia could think to say. "I've told them no holes barred, they can do anything they want to my slutty wife."

"Of course" said Julia, smiling to herself. She was thrilled at the prospect of satisfying so many men, and would do just about anything to accomplish it. 

When the big day finally arrived, they were both quivering with excitement. After a good long morning fuck, Julia spent the afternoon in the kitchen preparing refreshments, since she would be indisposed at the party. Richard spent the time putting the finishing touches on the bench he had been making. It was one thin plank of wood on four long legs, which came out in a triangle shape. He had sanded it so Julia wouldn't get any big splinters, and he had attached cuffs to all four legs to bind her down with. He had measured so that her pussy would hang off of one end at waist height, and her chin would rest on the other. He placed it in the living room, just off to the side of their big TV. 

Just before their first guest arrived, Julia cleaned herself up in the bathroom and Richard strapped her on to the bench. Her breasts hung down on either side of it, and her pubic mound pressed hard into the wood. Richard tied a blindfold around Julia's eyes, leaving her hyper aware of everything she felt and heard. He lubed up a medium sized butt plug, and worked it into her ass. They didn't want to make their guests wait for her holes to be ready, so they made sure she was ready for anything. 

Julia heard the first guests arrive, it sounded like a small group of guys had come together. They saw her in the corner and immediately came over to inspect the goods on offer. She felt hands groping her hanging breasts, squeezing them hard, and somebody rubbed her bare pussy appreciatively. 

"Go right ahead and give her a smack if you like, she fucking loves it" Said Richard. 

"Oh yeah?" Julia heard a strange voice say. The hands groping her breasts withdrew, and gave her right tit a sharp slap. The man behind her likewise slapped her ass, and when she moaned slapped it a few more times. Her pussy was already wet, and with it right there on offer the men couldn't resist. She heard zippers opening, and felt a cock being rubbed on her lips. She opened obediently and started sucking on the tip of the cock, getting it hard. It started thrusting into her mouth as it hardened, and she heard Richard say, "Don't hold back, she loves being throat-fucked."

That was all the encouragement the man in her mouth needed, and he started pushing his dick down her neck. At the same time she felt another cock slip into her pussy from behind. It wasn't very big, but she still loved the attention. It had been ages since a man other than Richard had fucked her, and she relished the feeling of being fucked by somebody else. She felt like she was being spit-roasted, with cocks insistently pressing into her from either end. The man in her throat had taken Richard's words to heart and was not taking it easy at all. Her eyes watered as he held himself down her throat between thrusts. She felt his hands close around the back of her head, and he sped up his thrusting. He was treating her mouth like any other fuck hole, completely going to town. After about a dozen strokes he pulled almost all the way out and came into her mouth, spurting bitter semen onto her tongue. He didn't taste as good as Richard, but Julia knew what was expected of her and she took it all, swallowing as he pulled out. 

A new cock presented itself at her mouth almost instantly, and Julia took it in right away. It was the biggest cock she had encountered so far, and it was a bit intimidating. It was only half hard, and thrust lazily in and out of her mouth; she worked it with her tongue the best she could, grateful that she could breathe freely. The small cock thrusting in her pussy sped up, and she could hear grunting coming from behind her. The man let out a long, "Ahhhhh!" and held his cock still, just inside her entrance. She felt a little dribble of cum seep out of her, and the cock withdrew. 

"Richard, that was just as tight as you promised" Julia heard a voice say. It sounded like an older man. 

"Yeah, great party, man" Another strange voice said.

"Glad you're enjoying yourself, boss. Come on in to the dining room and have a canapé," said Richard. 

Julia heard footsteps retreating into the dining room, and she was left alone with the giant dick thrusting into her mouth. He was fully hard now, and soon withdrew. He moved behind her and leaned over her body. "I'm going to enjoy wrecking your little cunt," he said.

She felt the huge tip of his dick at the entrance of her vagina. It was already stretching her, and it wasn't even inside yet! He pushed forward, slowly but insistently. Julia let out a whimper as the bulbous head popped in, but the man just grunted in satisfaction and kept pressing in. He was longer than Richard, and he bottomed out with a little bit of his cock still outside Julia. "You're going to take this whole dick before we're done here" he said. 

He leaned on her back with his forearms and started thrusting slowly. At the end of each thrust he pressed into her, hard, jamming his cock head against her cervix. Each thrust let him press in a little deeper, and Julia felt herself stretching to accommodate him. She loved the feeling of being stretched open, and this was no exception. She was panting with excitement, and couldn't wait for him to start thrusting faster. He took his own time though, determined to sink himself all the way in. His cock was pressed so deep inside her it felt like it was in her stomach. With one last, hard push he seated himself balls-deep. 

"This is where the real fun begins."

He stood up and pushed his hands into her lower back for leverage. Then he started thrusting, battering her insides with hard, relentlessly fast strokes. She bore down on him instinctively, her canal overwhelmed with sensation. His dick was the only thing she was aware of, plowing into her like a battering ram. Every inch of her vagina was filled up, and her whole pelvis felt the pressure of the huge invading cock. She squeezed her muscles down hard, torn between pain and pleasure. Suddenly, pleasure won; she pushed with all her might and a stream of liquid shot out of her as she screamed out in pleasure. The cock kept on fucking her hard as she convulsed and squirted in pleasure. After she was done her whole body went limp, spent with the effort. The cock thrust a few more times, the stopped, pressed deeply into her. She was dimly aware of the man groaning as he came in her, but she barely noticed. He pulled out and went to join the others, leaving her to catch her breath and recover. 

Julia lay still, panting and groaning on the bench. Her whole body was relaxed, it felt like she had been wrung out like a cloth. As she came down from her high she noticed the hard bench digging into her, particularly her pubic mound. She was alone in the living room, Richard had taken their three guests into the kitchen. She could hear them talking in the kitchen, it sounded like they were talking about business. Julia was left behind, like a piece of furniture they had finished using for the moment. Part of her felt lonely, but a much bigger part got off on being treated like an object. There was a certain freedom in just being a thing, a quiet bliss that she enjoyed immensely; there was no right or wrong, bad or good, she just was. 

After about half an hour, more guests arrived. They came in fast, in small groups, and in the space of ten minutes the living room was full of new men. Some had come ready to use her, others were merely curious and there to enjoy the party. Four men who had come in together made a beeline for Julia, and she found herself presented with two cocks to suck on. She kept her head still and let them alternate, since she couldn't see. There were hands on her tits and ass, squeezing, and fingers smearing her cunt juices. 

"What a dirty little cunt," said one man as a blob of cum leaked out of her. 

"Let's take a look at this little asshole," said another, and Julia felt her butt plug ease out of her ass. 

"Mmm, nice and clean, and tight," said the second man, sinking a finger in. 

Julia heard a squishing sound as the man lubed up his hard cock with a squirt from a nearby bottle, then a blunt cock head pressed at her ass. She was ready for it after the plug, but he was thicker than average and she winced as her muscles stretched to accommodate him. He sank about halfway in, and thrust gently for just a minute or two, then Julia heard a sigh as he shot his load inside her anal cavity. He pulled out, and the other man who had been with him took his place. He was also straining at the seams for a cum, and after a dozen or so firm thrusts he let out a long, "Ahhhhhh" and came as well. 

The two cocks at her mouth were getting more insistent, pulling her face from side to side and fucking deeper and faster down her throat. They were manhandling her face, smearing her makeup around. They got tired of sharing after awhile, and one moved to use her recently vacated bottom half. He sank into her ass and thrust a few times, then pulled out to admire the gape. He dropped a huge glob of spit into her open asshole, then sank in again. The man in her throat mirrored him, and a gob of spit flew into Julia's mouth. They started thrusting together in a rhythm, sawing at Julia from both ends like a machine. They built up a momentum, thrusting her back and forth, each slamming in as hard as he could. Julia was used to being throat fucked, but the cock in her mouth still got quite slimy. They were thrusting faster and faster, and suddenly the one in Julia's throat pulled out. Julia gasped for air as he speared his slimy cock on her face, then shot a load of thick white goop all over her face. He rubbed the last few drops into her hair, then moved aside. The cock from her ass withdrew and the man walked quickly around to her face to jack onto it like his friend. 

Julia was left without any cocks in her again, but there were constantly people milling around. They ignored her for the most part, though over the next hour two more men came over to use her. Each of them came alone, slipped into her vagina to pleasure themselves, and thrust for a few minutes before cumming. Julia relished the attention, though she was nowhere near cumming herself. 

As the evening wore on, the crown got noisier. Julia heard a loud conversation breaking out amidst a lot of laughter. A group of men came near her, and a rope was thrust around Julia's small waist. It was sinched up tight and tied to form a handle. One of the loud men behind Julia took his cock out and sunk it in to her pussy. He grabbed the handle and shouted, "Ride 'em cowboy!" as he thrust into her wildly. The crowd laughed, and a number took their cocks out to get them hard. The first man shot his load, and moved aside for the second. The new man had a smallish cock, and after a few strokes in her pussy pulled out and thrust into her tighter asshole. The crowd were chanting like rowdy frat boys as he rode her asshole hard. He came in her with a grunt, pumping his cum in, then moving aside for the next man. 

A quick succession for five more cocks came in Julia, some in her vagina and some in her ass. The constant fucking was beginning to overwhelm Julia; new cocks were constantly in and out of her, and there was so much cum dripping out of her cunt it felt like she was peeing. As yet another cock grabbed her handle and seated itself in her, Julia's mind went somewhere else. She was aware of pressure, thrusting, grunting, cheering, but it wasn't Julia experiencing it anymore. Her basic instincts kicked in; her higher functions switched off, and she was just a set of holes for fucking. When a new cock sank into her and shot it's sperm into her opening, all she could think about was taking that cum inside her. She started grunting like some wild thing, not thinking at all about how she looked or sounded. Her body tried to hump back on each new cock, squeezed on it hard to try and milk the sperm out, and rubbed on the bench to try and stimulate itself. She wasn't aware of anything besides her fuckholes, and they had never felt wetter or needier. 

Each new load dropped inside her felt like heaven, but it was never enough. Her anus and vagina were rubbed bright red, and there was a huge pool of cum on the floor beneith her. The crowd gradually thinned, until Richard and Julia were left alone once again. Julia was desperate for release, humping the bench and whimpering. Her nerves were on fire, and nothing felt like it could quench them. Richard had been watching her carefully, and knew exactly what she needed. 

Without a word he lubed up his big, meaty hand and sunk four fingers into Julia's abused passage. She groaned at the contact, desperate for more. He folded his thumb under and eased his fist in. She squeezed on him, grunting as his fist thrust deep inside her. He held nothing back, reaming her cunt hard with his closed fist. She convulsed in pleasure, the girth of his fist giving her the pressure she needed. She came harder than she ever had, letting out a scream as she squirted all over Richard's fist. 

As she came down she relaxed completely, her body tingling with pleasure. Richard's fist stopped moving, but he didn't withdraw. He positioned his hard cock at her entrance and thrust, inserting his penis inside her and inside his fist. He began to wank himself inside her, her loose hole easily accommodating his hand and cock.

"You make a good little fuckhole baby, with your cunt hanging open like this. Your hungry little holes took so many loads of sperm, and I bet you loved it. You dirty little whore, you took those loads and you fucking loved it."

With that, Richard emptied his balls into Julia, the last load she took that evening. He untied her soon after, and she soaked in a warm tub for ages afterwards. She crawled into bed beside Richard and slept until the next afternoon, not dreaming at all.