 The girls have one last turn with Richard before he leaves, and Lisa has a surprise for him.

*****

Richard's Rules

Chapter 4 - Sunday Morning

He awoke to a nude Margaret bringing some coffee and a plate with two pieces of toast smeared with jelly.

"Sorry, I'm not much of a cook. This is about what I can manage for breakfast. When you get up, maybe you can cook up some eggs like yesterday. I still can't believe there is a man who can actually cook."

Richard folded the toast pieces in half and wolfed them down, and washed the toast down with gulps of coffee. 

"Whoa, there pardner! Don't you get sick from eating too fast! I've still got plans for you."

"You'd better let me eat more than this if I have to keep up with you all morning."

"You can have more breakfast soon. I just wanted to bring you something to tide you over." She took the empty plate and cup from him, and placed them beside the bed on the table.

"I know Lisa and Emily have dibs later this morning. But that only starts after we are finished here. We have some unfinished business. We need to do it proper one time. We spent so much time experimenting last night that we never got a chance to really do it properly. Come, make proper love to me."

He was puzzled by what 'making proper love' entailed, but thought he might have an inkling of what she was after. 'At last, something relatively ordinary' he thought. Not that intimacy was ever ordinary, but sometimes the familiar is just what is needed.

Margaret sat on the bed beside him. They embraced, kissed and toppled over onto their sides. The lovemaking was soft and unhurried. He entered her and they moved together, building slowly. Their eyes were alternately closed, feeling everything, and open, watching the enjoyment of the other. After a good night's sleep they were ready. They built and built until they felt lifted up and drank the nectar of the gods together for a few brief moments before they relaxed in each other's arms, completely satisfied.

"I hate to let you go, Richard. I'm selfish. I want you to stay in here with me. I think I could stay in bed with you all day and not get tired of it."

"The perfect experience is one that satisfies yet leaves one wanting more. You leave me wanting more, too. I've said it before. You are an amazing woman, Margaret. I can truly say I have never met another like you, and likely never will again. This weekend has been one hell of a ride."

"It's not over for you yet. I don't know what Doris and Betty plan to do, but I do know my baby sister and Emily covet your presence before you go. They have you reserved from ten to noon. I don't know what they want from you but, jeez, be gentle with them. But I don't need to tell you that, do I? You've already demonstrated sensitivity to their inexperience. Maybe you'd better get some more to eat."

Richard wrapped his towel around himself and padded barefoot after a still naked Margaret into the kitchen. Lisa and Emily, still in pajamas and nightgown, sat at the table eating bowls of frosted flakes. "Have a nightmare, sis? That was a blood curdling scream last night." Lisa directed her best effort at a leer at Richard as Margaret retorted "Oh, shut up."

Richard made some eggs and bacon as he had the previous morning while Margaret set the table for breakfast and poured juice. He could have eaten everything he prepared all by himself. Doris and Betty, each wearing only panties, strode in and stretched. 

Doris said to Margaret "With all the screaming last night I thought maybe you needed some help. You know I'm always ready to help out in situations like that!"

"Oh, go sit on your thumb."

Lisa slapped her hand on the table and guffawed while Emily looked quizzically at Margaret and Betty blushed.

"Sit on my thumb? I've never tried that. Does it feel good?"

Margaret turned crimson while Lisa howled and Betty tried to hide her laugh behind her hand. Emily still looked lost.

Richard felt himself stirring under his towel at the sight of the semi-nude girls gathered in the kitchen and turned his head to focus on cooking. As they all ate he chatted with the younger girls while the three older ones conspired together in whispers. 

When all had finished he washed his plate and juice glass. Margaret graciously offered to do the rest of the dishes and Doris tapped him on the shoulder. Before she could say anything Lisa called out. "Hey! We've got him this morning. I called it!"

Doris looked askance at her. "What time did you mention? Ten? And what time is it now? Nine-fifteen? We've got him for forty five minutes."

"Well, you'd better not wear him out. I want him fresh."

"Okay, you little twit. You remind me of my little sister." 

Lisa stuck her tongue out at Doris and gave her a 'Bronx cheer'.

Doris put her hands on the back of Richard's shoulders and pushed him towards the bedroom where Betty had gone to wait. "There's no time to waste," she was heard to say as she closed the door behind her.

Once inside the room she and Betty stood before him with their arms crossed, Doris in rather scanty yellow panties, and Betty sporting a more modest pair of white. Doris indicated she and Margaret had been talking. "So, you brought Margaret to a climax with just your tongue, huh? You only gave us a little taste of that, no pun intended. Here's what we want. We want you to do for us what you did for Margaret."

"Remember, I won't tell what I do with another girl, so you'll have to tell me what you want me to do."

Doris sighed. "Those stupid rules. Okay. We want you to use your tongue - put it inside us, touch our special place, all the things you did with Margaret. Make us want to scream. Is that enough detail of what we want?"

Richard nodded.

'Oh, and both of us at the same time."

Richard's jaw dropped. "How can I do that?"

"You're a clever boy, I'm sure you'll figure a way." As she spoke the two of them had pushed off their panties and sat on the edge of Betty's bed. He momentarily considered how to start, but Doris took the initiative and ripped his towel off. "No fair for you to wear something if we're not."

He had them lie down side by side, touching at the hips and legs. In that position he could straddle one leg of each and still be able to easily reach their side-by-side already glistening vulvas. "Close your eyes, ladies. I think it will work better that way."

When their eyes were closed he leaned over them to kiss them each, all about the face and neck, going from one to the other. Hands and lips moved down to their breasts, and he gave each nipple a lot of tongue play while his hands, one on each of the two girls, wandered farther south. They were so different, different textures of pubic hair, different size lips; Doris had a clitoris well hidden under a fleshy hood, while Betty's was easily coaxed up out of its hiding place to poke out like a miniature penis well above her black patch of hair. His fingers worked until they were well lubricated before he brought his tongue into action. As he did with Margaret, he took individual lips into his mouth, sucking and pulling. He ran the flat of his tongue over the stretched surfaces. The girls turned and rotated their hips so his tongue could enter them. He listened for their breathing and felt their body shudders as he spread the lips apart and ran the flat of his tongue slowly upward, turning his attention from one to the other. One hand caressed and squeezed a breast on each of them. He wrapped his lips around Doris's clitoral hood and sucked, bringing forth a squeal. He took Betty's protruding clit between his lips and pulled, then curled his tongue under and around it as he had done the previous day. She gasped and trembled. Working from one to the other he repeated the sequence for each, while his hands continued tending to their breasts - kneading, pulling gently on nipples, tracing the outline of the entire breast, tracing the areole - and also using what he knew about other erogenous zones on each of them. He had to lie flat on their legs as he had no hand to support himself. 

Periodically he inserted a finger or two into them and made some curling motions with the heel of each hand on a mons and a thumb toying with a clit while he slid upward and used a tongue on nipples. Then his hands and tongue switched places and he worked the labia and clitoris of each with his lips and tongue while fingers explored inside them.

Doris came first. With a mighty shudder she moaned loudly, gasped several times and her body tensed as her vagina spasmed rhythmically and squeezed his fingers inside her. While she slowly came down from the plateau he expended more effort on the vulva and majestic clitoris of Betty. As she climaxed he felt gushes of hot fluid coating his tongue and almost filling his mouth. She threw her free leg around him and used both hands to pull his mouth tighter against her and she moaned as wave after wave passed over her, until she went limp.

Richard stretched out half on each of them. He could move his head from side to side to kiss them, and could fondle one breast each until the two women were completely exhausted. 

Doris asked "do you want me to do what Margaret did for you last night? I've done it before and have perfected my own technique. I don't mind if you come in my mouth, in fact I kind of like it sometimes. It's just that the idea of this weekend has been to focus on our pleasure. Lord knows, guys rarely give me anything close to what I've felt the last couple of days. If you come down and visit us at school I promise to make up for it. As the hostess I'll show you a good time!"

"I'll bet you would, Doris." 

A knock on the door indicated it was ten o'clock, so Richard arose and left the room. Doris moaned "Don't go. They can wait."

"Sorry, Doris. I wish I could spend more time with you two."

Lisa stood before him wearing only a pink bra and panty set. "Come upstairs with us. Now," she demanded as she pointed to the stairs. 

"Umm, I had better make a detour to the bathroom first."

"You're taking up our valuable time."

"Trust me, your experience will be much more pleasant after I've washed a bit. I don't think I will take too long."

"All right. Be quick and come upstairs when you are done. We have a surprise for you."

Richard peed and washed his face and rinsed out his mouth several times, eliminating any smells and tastes of Doris and Betty that could prove to be a distraction. When done he dried his face and mounted the stairs to the small attic bedroom as he fastened his towel around his waist. Beneath the sloping ceiling he saw there was enough room for two twin beds with a night table in between. A small chest of drawers took up most of the wall next to the stairs, and sunlight poured in from the single window.

Lisa and Emily sat on one of the beds, waiting, and stood up as he entered the room. Each of them had already removed her bra and promptly removed panties as well when he entered the room. The sunlight from the window fell mostly on Lisa's side of the room, so when she had turned to remove her underwear the bright light illuminated her breasts from the side; the play of light and shadow reminded him of half-moons, and her shock of pubic hair glowed a fiery red. Richard inhaled sharply at the sight. Emily glanced over at Lisa, wondering what had caught Richard's attention.

Richard recalled Emily's comment from the other day and turned to her. "Emily, are you sure you want us to be here? You said yesterday that the bedroom was for sleeping or sex. I don't think you are going to sleep, are you?"

Emily gave a little giggle, turned toward Lisa and reached out for her friend's hand. "No, I think I'm ready for the other."

"Me, too," Lisa added. "Here's the surprise." At a nod from Lisa they each reached behind them and picked up something from the bed. Triumphantly they each held up a square foil package with flat circular contents. "We want you to be the first for us and are willing to use these. We know you will be gentle and sensitive."

"I invoke Rule Number Two. You may think this is what you want, but I'm not ready to be your first. Ideally you should have that experience with someone who loves you. I think everyone's first time should be with someone who is special to them. Maybe it will be next year in college. Maybe it won't be until you're married. That's your decision. My decision, however, is that I don't want to ruin some other lucky guy's experience with you."

Lisa stamped her foot in frustration. "This is the best chance we have. I don't want to do it in the back seat of a car or something. That's why we got these...things...to keep us safe. I want to do it right here, right now!"

"That attitude worked the other night because only touching was involved. I won't be pressured into having sex with either of you." He paused and added "But, hey, that doesn't mean we can't have a great time with our last two hours, does it?"

Lisa threw her arms around his neck and drew him in for a deep kiss, exploring the use of tongue. When she let him go she plopped down and sprawled across her bed. He thought she looked beautiful with the sunlight playing over her small body, light so bright it even illuminated the fine hairs on her arm. He sat next to her and she threw her arms around his neck and pulled her body up to his, rubbing one breast against his chest.

When she realized Emily was left standing there, she reached around behind Richard and patted the bed. "Come on Em, there's room for all of us. Now that we know what is NOT going to happen, let's enjoy what CAN happen!"

Emily remembered the wonderful feelings she had the day before, but was still a little hesitant to just dive in. She sat timidly on the other side of Richard with her legs pressed tightly together. She didn't sit as close to him as Lisa and didn't lie down on the bed at first, her conflicted emotions evident. Should she or shouldn't she?

"Come on, Em. Just do like yesterday. We can take turns again. Go ahead Richard, give her a turn."

Richard feasted his eyes on Emily's figure, now also illuminated by the sunlight. Her chestnut curly thatch, as yet barely visible peeking out from between her clenched legs, just begged to be explored. He pulled her closer, kissed her, and rubbed her shoulders to relax her, his hands gradually sliding up and down her arms. Her eyes closed and he continued on her arms until he felt her tension gradually melt away. 

Lisa pulled him back to her. She was ready to play, her hand roaming over his chest, and turning her body so he could easily touch her breasts while she lay across the bed. He cupped one soft cone in his hand, rubbed his thumb over the puffy nipple, and was rewarded with a soft moan.

Before he got too carried away with Lisa, he turned back to Emily, who this time leaned her body closer for a kiss. She closed her eyes during the kiss and he rubbed her back and then ran his fingers through her hair. Her body language indicated she wanted more. His hands caressed up and down her arms again before cupping her breasts. She made a little squeal of delight, and her hands flew to his, holding them onto her breasts, enjoying the sensation of his warm hands cradling them.

Lisa would have none of that, however, and pulled his shoulders until he once again was turned toward her. Between his earlier caresses on her breasts and watching him with Emily her breathing had already begun to quicken. While kissing her he started with her breasts again and moved his hand slowly down toward her fiery red patch. When he reached it she eagerly parted her legs and urged him on to further exploration with an upward tilt of her hips. Her soft flesh yielded under his touch, and she moved her hips so he would touch where she wanted him to. She began to squirm as he traced her slit and felt for her clitoral hood.

Emily, now in the spirit of things, tapped him on the shoulder. Reluctantly he left Lisa and held one of Emily's breasts in his hand. He leaned over to kiss it, swirling his tongue around the nipple, and she made more little pleasure sounds. Still using his tongue on her breast his touch wandered to her brown thatch and her legs relaxed and opened. Her large moist labia were quite swollen, protruding from their hairy lair, opening like flower petals, begging to be touched. When he did, she began to make little whimpering sounds, and at last fell backwards on the bed.

Lisa took that opportunity to pull him back around to herself. His tongue joined the exploration of the red patch and teased the hidden clitoris. She got a wild look in her eye. When he kissed her breasts again one hand remained behind to continue exploration of her slit. She threw him back on the bed, laying close beside him, and pulled his head up to lock her lips on his and suck his tongue into her mouth. When she sensed Emily trying to get his attention again she raised her head and blurted out "Not now Emily!" Emily was so startled by the frenzied tone of her friend's voice that she withdrew her hand and shrunk back.

Lisa's hands went wild over his face, chest, legs, and arms. His fingers explored her deeper, touching the entrance to her vagina, even briefly barely entering it while his thumb rubbed her nub. She threw one of her legs over his, trapping the back of his hand against a leg to keep his fingers pressed into the length of her slit and against her vaginal entrance. She ground her mons against his fingers. He moved his kisses from her mouth to her breasts again and took almost an entire breast into his mouth. He sucked on a puffy nipple while his fingers continued to work their magic. Briefly he traced the entrance to her vagina again and she began to spasm and gasp, grinding herself harder against him until her body tensed one last time. Her entire body turned bright red. Richard knew the look. It was the look of what was probably her first real orgasm. Her fists pounded on his back as she gave out a loud moan, and, at last clutched him tight until her passion subsided and she rolled over on her back, eyes closed, breathing heavily and glistening with perspiration. Richard's towel had come loose while he played with Lisa, and he didn't notice it slipping completely off his now raging erection as he turned to Emily.

When he finally turned to Emily, her eyes were wide from the spectacle she had just witnessed. Richard studied her for a moment, gauging what she was ready for. He decided to back up a little, and kissed her with a hand resting on her waist. As she relaxed again he leaned over and took as much of one breast in his mouth as he could. His lips and tongue played with her nipple, his lips pulling, tongue tracing around it. His fingers found those wonderful swollen nether lips, and once again they opened again like flower petals to his touch. He was rewarded with a gush of moisture when he pulled on them and slid a finger between them. Her whimpering sounds returned, but louder. He bent to trail his kisses from her breasts to her navel and on to those pouting lips. When he kissed them she quivered. When his tongue found her pleasure nub, nestled below its protective covering, she gasped. His hands and mouth covered her, alternating between her breasts and those wonderful kissable labia. He pulled one of them into his mouth, sucked on it and slid the flat of his tongue over it. Her hips began to thrust up against him. He returned to her mouth and kissed her and caressed a breast as he laid a hand flat over her heat, applying pressure on the clitoris hidden below and touched the entrance to her vagina. She continued to thrust up against his hand and he pressed a finger downward between the fleshy folds, and ground the heel of his hand over her throbbing clit. Her body bucked and convulsed and grunting sounds escaped her mouth. She grabbed him around the head and pulled his mouth tighter between her labia and urged his tongue deeper. Her other hand reached to grip his leg, but found his hardness instead, squeezing it hard until her passion began to subside. When she finally realized what she was holding she jerked her hand away as if she had been holding a hot fireplace poker.
