 The year is 1955. Richard is spending the weekend with 3 sorority girls (Margaret, Betty and Doris), and two soon-to-be-graduated high school seniors (Lisa and Emily) as their 'love slave', to test his 'Rules'. At Western State University he has the reputation for being able to 'please' the ladies. He is given the task of backing up his claim that it is possible for a guy to please a girl while putting her pleasure ahead of his own. For the weekend he is given only a towel to wear around his waist after the girls hide his clothes. Of course, along the way he does satisfy his own desires, but can he handle multiple partners in quick succession? In this Chapter three newcomers are brought into the mix, offering further challenges to Richard's physical well-being.

While this Chapter can be read alone, it makes more sense if you read the Chapters in order.

*****

Richard's Rules

Chapter 3 - Saturday Evening

Margaret brought the two younger girls, Lisa (her sister), and Lisa's friend Emily back from their night out. Lisa and Emily rushed in and enthused about the bands they heard. When Margaret came in she was followed by three new girls.

Doris was the first to notice. "Babs! Marilyn! Mary!"

With a shriek she bounded across the room to throw her arms around their necks oblivious to the fact she was still completely naked from the recent 'activity' she and Betty had just had with Richard. 

Betty managed to get her panties on before she greeted the new arrivals.

Richard found his towel, used it to wipe his face from the oral pleasuring of Betty, and then fastened it around himself.

The new arrivals eyed Doris and Betty with amusement. The newcomers laughed at the sight and one asked "Well, well, what have you two been up to? Wait a minute, let me guess. It has something to do with your house guest. Right?"

Doris suddenly realized the state of her undress but, comfortable in her own nudity, made introductions as if they were in a public place. "Right-o, Babs. Let me introduce you to our sex slave, I mean GUEST, Richard."

Richard, towel in place, walked out from around the sofa to properly meet the new arrivals. "I'm Richard, and you are...?"

The girls each raised a hand as they spoke their name. "Barbara." "Marilyn." "Mary."

"Welcome to the zoo!"

"Hey!" Lisa threw a pillow from the sofa at him. "This is not a zoo. It's controlled chaos," and everyone laughed.

Marilyn asked "What's with the towel?"

Doris laughed "It's all he gets to wear for the weekend. He doesn't get to wear it for very long, though. We see to that!"

Barbara looked Richard up and down. "I think I know you from somewhere." She snapped her fingers. "Wait. Do you go to Western State University?" Richard nodded.

"Are you an Alpha Delt?" Another nod.

"I saw you at one of your frat parties. I'm a Gamma Zeta and was visiting my sister at the Western State chapter last fall. Your party was wild! The band was great, I think I remember that it was led by a former member of Jimmy Dorsey's band, and the beer flowed like water. Grace pointed you out across the room and said you were someone who it would be worth my while to meet. Every time we started across the room another dance started and guys grabbed us to take us out to the dance floor, and after the dance we couldn't find you."

"Yeah, sometimes between the music and the drunken hootin' and hollerin' it can be so loud that it's hard to have a conversation, so we'd have to take it outside and sit on a bench for a while to talk."

"It seems every time I saw you that night you had another girl or two by your side. Grace said that happens a lot."

Richard laughed. "Sometimes it does, but probably not nearly as often as Grace thinks. Wait...Grace...Gamma Zeta - is you sister Grace Baker?"

"One and the same."

"I have met her. She is a very nice young lady."

"Lady, my ass. The girl is hell on wheels."

The other girls covered their mouths and laughed hysterically at Barbara's language.

Barbara momentarily turned to the others. "You don't know her like I do." Turning back to Richard she continued "I'll bet you do know her, Richard. She was really anxious for me to meet you, and knowing her, there was a reason. I don't think it was because you're a good dancer. So, level with me, will you? How is she? Is she a good fuck??"

There was a collective gasp from the other girls. They may talk about things like that between themselves, but never openly with a guy.

Richard didn't even blink. "I can't tell you anything about that. You'll have to ask her about it."

Margaret sidled up to Barbara. "You'll never get him to talk about what he does with other girls. It's some sort of honor thing with him. But if you ask Grace enough questions she'll probably give you details. He won't care what Grace tells, but you couldn't beat any details out of him. I know. I've tried!"

Lisa laughed "She sure did. She really belted him to try and get details about what Richard and I did."

Margaret then announced "We've got some beer and soft drinks in the fridge. Everybody, help yourselves. In fact, let's all go into the kitchen for a sec. All except you, Richard. You wait here."

"I can't wait to hear what you cook up."

The whole boisterous gaggle of females disappeared into the kitchen. Richard, with nothing else to do, settled on the sofa, leaned his head back, closed his eyes and awaited his fate. This certainly was turning out to be an interesting weekend. 'I don't know how rested and ready I'll be for exams next week' he thought.

The sound of laughter and clinking glasses came from the kitchen. About ten minutes later some of the group emerged. The rest of them headed for the back door, bottles or glasses in hand, but Doris, still naked, and the three new arrivals came in to the living room to face Richard. Doris finished picking up her clothes and nonchalantly put them on as she talked. "Plans for the evening have changed, Richard. Our friends find it hard to believe what you appear to be capable of, so we've decided to let them borrow you for a couple of hours." 

When she finished buttoning the last button on her shirt she turned to Barbara. "Decide among yourselves what you want to do. You'll need to abide by his silly rules, though. We did agree to that. While you haven't specifically agreed, since you're in our house I guess you should abide by them, too. But don't worry, the rules leave lots of room to play! You can use my and Betty's bedroom if you like, or any other place in the house, for that matter." She jerked her thumb over her shoulder to indicate the bedroom behind her.

As she was about the leave she saw Betty's bra, shirt and shorts still on the floor. She scooped them up and skipped to the door, waving the garments over her head as she went out into the back yard. "Oh, Betty! You forgot something." There was a shriek of laughter from the back yard as the screen door slammed behind Doris.

Barbara turned to Richard. "Well, Richard. From what we hear, Grace was really trying to do me a favor. Now I guess I'll find out what she was trying to tell me. Let's all sit down a minute, shall we?"

The four of them crowded onto the sofa. Richard didn't have long to wait to hear what the girls had decided.

Marilyn admitted "We're in an entirely unfamiliar position. At the fraternity parties the guys always come on to the girls, and we know how to respond. Even on Sadie Hawkins day we've never had an opportunity like this. I'm not sure we know how to proceed."

"Ordinarily I could try and come up with some suggestions, but this weekend I'm supposed to do whatever you want."

"That's sure different. There was a guy trying to pick us up all evening. It was obvious what he wanted, but what lame pickup lines!"

"A tall guy with black hair and a curl over his forehead?"

"Yeah. Do you know him?"

"Joel. He's a fraternity brother."

"We didn't think he could handle all three of us so we brushed him off. Hey, if he's a fraternity brother is he as good as you are supposed to be?"

"I can't speak for that," Richard laughed. "I'm sure he thinks he could bed you all, but I bet you could wear him out."

"And that leads us back to you. Can we wear you out? Girls, any ideas?" asked Marilyn.

Barbara pursed her lips for a moment. "Well, we could all have him together, sort of a free for all. Doris said she and Betty had a lot of fun with that. Or we could just take turns. What do you think?" 

Mary asked "But what about those Rules Margaret mentioned?"

Richard summarized "Rule Number One is that words like 'stop', 'don't' or 'no' mean exactly that. Whatever is going on at the time ceases. Rule Number Two is that nobody has to do anything they are uncomfortable with. The idea is for everyone to have a pleasurable time while feeling safe about what goes on. I'll never try to talk you into something you don't want to do. You lead the way as to what you are ready for. The Rules apply to me as well and, believe me, I have used them."

"Okay," Barbara said. "We can live with that, can't we girls?"

They all nodded agreement, and then took up the question again. 

Barbara reiterated the free for all vs. taking turns ideas she mentioned earlier. Marilyn thought a free for all sounded like fun, but Mary was in favor of taking individual turns. After a little more discussion a consensus was reached to take turns. The next order of business was whether to be private or with all three of them present in the room. Would they be more uninhibited alone? Would they get ideas from watching what each other did?

Richard secretly hoped for private sessions, as that might give him a few extra minutes to recover between them.

After spirited debate the issue finally had to be decided by 'rock paper scissors.' When the individual option won Richard took a deep breath of thankfulness. 

The girls stood up and motioned for Richard to follow them into the smaller bedroom, and they closed the door behind them.

Once inside, the girls checked over the room setup, and huddled once again. At the end of the discussion they all put their hands together, palms down, one on top of another and chanted "GAMMA ZETA!" When they turned to face Richard, Barbara stepped toward him. "It looks like I'm first. The others will wait out in the living room. I'm supposed to see how Grace's stories check out."

With a wave the other two left the room. Mary waved "Bye." Marilyn blew a kiss and said "Have fun, but not too much! Save some for us!"

When the door closed Barbara put her hands on her hips. "All right, Richard. Let's pretend we're at one of your frat parties. What would you do now?"

Richard puffed out his cheeks as he exhaled sharply. "Well, I would usually start by getting to know you a little better before any kissing and non-sexual touching, and then take my cues from your responses. I don't just jump into things. I never want a girl to think she's being coerced."

"Well, Richard, as you've probably noticed, I'm a very direct person. I say and do what's on my mind and don't particularly care what others think of it, so let's cut the crap. I'm in here with you to see what Grace was talking about, so let's get started. Undress me."

Richard shook his head, completely startled. He had never experienced so many direct females as he had this weekend. Lisa. Margaret. Doris. And now Barbara. He mused whether there was something in the water where they lived.

Barbara wore a pink sleeveless pullover top and white shorts. Richard put his arms around her and kissed her before he lifted her shirt up. She exhibited her kissing skills even as she raised her arms so he could pull her shirt off over her head. Reaching around behind her he unfastened her bra and slid it down her arms. 

Before he could proceed with the disrobing she pulled his head forward into her chest. He nibbled at the rosy tips as his hands worked her shorts and panties down over her hips. 

At last he stepped back to admire her. Barbara was about his height, with curly mahogany tresses framing a round face set with bright hazel eyes. Her breasts were full with only a tiny areola around her nipples. He lowered his gaze and noted that she had apparently trimmed her pubic hair, as it was fairly short and close to her body. Her legs were long and shapely.

She stepped up to him and put her arms around his waist and pulled him tight, crushing her body against his. His hands ran over her back, the back of her neck, through her hair and reached down to massage her buttocks. She closed her eyes for a moment, savoring the feel of his touch. "Grace was right about one thing. Your touch feels nice. Most guys want to grab at my tits and pussy as soon as my clothes are off." Richard was still amazed at the words that came out of some girl's mouths. It was not unlike the banter heard in the men's locker room at school.

She pushed him toward one of the beds, and pulled his towel loose in the process. When he fell backward onto the mattress she jumped onto the bed beside him and rolled on her back, expectantly. "I don't need a lot of foreplay. You can fuck me now."

Richard shook his head again in wonderment, but kissed her breasts while his hands explored her. She may not require foreplay, but she was going to get some, anyway. His tongue traced around a nipple and moved in ever expanding circles until he had covered one breast. One of his hands squeezed, gently kneaded and lightly touched her other breast and nipple, alternating between heavier and lighter touches, pulling on a nipple and then lightly rubbing his thumb over it as it hardened. He ran a hand over her abdomen and legs, only beginning exploration of her already moist heat when she began to breathe more heavily. His fingers probed and found her clitoris under a well-developed hood. She raised her hips in response and her breathing became even more rapid. He just had to further explore that trimmed hair, so moved his kisses from her breast down her belly and into the patch of brown hair. The short hair felt different against his tongue, but did permit closer tongue exploration.

She began to buck against him, urging his tongue deeper, and put her hands behind his head to shove his face into the deepest recesses. He obliged by alternately thrusting his tongue into her and sucking on her labia and clitoris. She began to gasp and grabbed him by the shoulders to pull him up to her face. Two fingers plunged into her welcoming vagina. He lifted his head to hers and kissed her hard with intertwining tongues, and she wrapped her arms and legs around him to bring his body together with hers. When he entered her, her thrusting began immediately, gradually becoming wilder, and her fingernails clawed at his back as she climaxed. Richard felt her tighten on him, squeezing him harder than he ever had been squeezed before, tighter than Doris, even. Her whole body shook, and only the fact that their mouths were so tightly together kept who knows what kind of sound from emanating from her throat.

Finally she relaxed and he rolled off her. After a few minutes of silence as heart rates slowed back down she turned her face toward his. "All right. Grace was right on all counts. What about you? You haven't finished. Why didn't you keep it up until you got yours, too? Look at you. You must be ready to explode. I've never met a guy who didn't finish." Her hand stroked the length of him.

"Don't worry. I've had plenty of opportunities to be satisfied today, and I expect I will have more opportunities as the night goes on." He laughed. "I have to pace myself."

He ran his hand over her, and added "I must say, you are a wonderful lover. A bit unusual, but wonderful. Your climax felt like nothing I've ever experienced before."

"How do I compare to Grace? Was I better?"

Richard laughed again. "They warned you I wouldn't tell things like that. That may frustrate you about your sister, but, on the other hand, it also means I won't tell anyone else about you, either. No one. When you next see each other you can compare notes with Grace. See if she's been telling the truth about me. Sometimes I wonder about what you girls tell each other."

It was her turn to laugh. "Grace will quiz me, that's for sure."

Barbara arose from the bed and put her clothes back on as Richard continued to rest on his back. Before she left the room she came over and kissed him. "I hope the next time I visit my sister we will have an opportunity to see you. Maybe even Grace and me together. Wouldn't that be a blast?"

"I don't know if I could handle it."

"Oooh. We'll just have to find out, won't we?"

Richard barely had time to catch his breath before Marilyn came in, her shirt almost completely unbuttoned as she came through the door. When the door closed behind her Richard saw her look him over eyes lingering on his still erect member. "It looks like you were expecting me."

"Come on in, the water's fine."

"How about giving me a little help." She came over to the bed and turned her back to him, so he reached up and expertly unfastened her bra.

"Thanks. Now the rest." She turned around and waited for him to remove her shorts and panties, also.

Marilyn had very long auburn hair, straight and hanging down her back almost to her butt. Her complexion wasn't as dark as Betty's, but was dark enough to look like she had a tan even where her bathing suit covered her skin. Her hips were wider than the others, giving her a somewhat bottom heavy look, but she appeared to have well-toned muscles for a girl. He guessed she must play some sort of sport. Her breasts were large and heavy. Since he was still sitting on the bed he was at eye level to her pubic area, and could already smell her musky odor and see the lips beneath her shock of hair; she seemed to be aroused already.

Richard moved to stand up, but she put her hands on his shoulders and pushed him back down and asked "What part of me do you like the most?"

"What kind of question is that? I haven't ever seen you before."

"Oh, come on. I know guys make opinions at first sight. A former boyfriend told me there are ass men, tits men, leg men and so on. It's what their eyes go to first. What is it for you?"

"I like everything about women. But, I guess my first glance would go to hair, though. It's what can be seen from a distance no matter which way a girl is turned. But, I've learned not to judge by looks."

"Spoken like a diplomat. But you haven't answered my question, have you? Maybe you haven't seen enough yet to make an opinion."

She turned and walked away from him, so he could see her hips in motion and her hair sway across her back and then turned and walked back toward him, so he could see her breasts bounce and her legs jiggle somewhat. 

"Well? If you could touch just one part of me, what would it be? I won't hold you to it; you'll still get to touch it all."

"I love the way your hair sways across your back as you walk, and the way the breeze blows it a little bit. I think I could be happy just holding it against my face."

Marilyn stood in front of him and bent at the waist to dangle her hair in front of his face. He reached out, gathered it in his hand, and rubbed it on his cheek. "It's soft and smells good, too."

"I like you, Richard. You tell the truth. Most guys think I want to hear how great my tits are, but I'm real proud of my hair. I like the way it feels as it brushes across my back when I walk. It can be a pain to wash, but it's worth it to me."

Richard took her hand and gently urged her onto the bed. Her arousal was obvious, and she settled into position for sex, legs apart, and knees drawn up. Richard lifted her head and pulled her long silken locks out from under her. "Close your eyes, Marilyn, and keep them closed until I say you can open them."
