 Four wives plot group spanking night.

We were four couples, all but one of us in our mid- or late- 20s. Linda & I, KeeKee & James (a 35 year old), Ellen & Danny, and Arundati & Karam. James, Karam, and Ellen were, like me, professors at the university. Danny was a construction site manager. Linda, KeeKee, and Arundati worked at the university's library. I remembered KeeKee and Arundati vaguely from the library's last staff Christmas party to which Linda took me. The rest I'd never really met. 

Tonight's group outing had been organized by the three librarians, mainly KeeKee. It was a getting-to-know you evening for four couples that were still relatively new to town and looking to make friends. She'd met Ellen only a couple of weeks before at some kind of women-in-academia conference on campus. None of the husbands knew each other. We had dinner at a culturely-confused restaurant called "Viva Curry," then seen a movie, and we were now gathered in the living room of KeeKee and James's home, having drinks. 

I wasn't much of a drinker myself, so I sipped a single vodka while the others became tipsy. Linda hadn't been much of a drinker since her college days when she needed alcohol as an inhibition-reducer, so I was surprised tonight when she accepted a whiskey straight only minutes after finishing a glass of wine. Linda is only 4 feet, 11 inches, and weighs just 95 pounds, so she can't hold much. 

We sat around a large square coffee table. The three other men were all to my right, slumped in easy chairs, a bit pink-faced with booze. Linda sat to my left on a love seat. Ellen was perched on the front edge of an easy chair facing the men across the table. Arundati sat on a couch directly across from me and KeeKee sat beside her when she wasn't up fetching bottles or pouring drinks. 

Ellen, a tall English-born brunette, was the beauty of the group without a doubt. Now, don't get me wrong. I'd take Linda in a second, over Ellen, or anyone else for that matter. I flipped for Linda the moment I saw her 9 years before, with her long golden curls, her tiny upturned nose and her eyes, one blue and the other green. And as I like to tell her, her small size makes her sexier. It's as though her sexiness is more powerful because it is compressed into a small package. 

But I'm bound to admit that by conventional measures, Ellen was the most beautiful woman on the campus, in the town, and probably in the state. She is 5' 8", slim, athletic, brown-eyed, with a small pointed chin and a spray of light freckles across her nose and upper cheeks. Her complexion was flawless and she never wore makeup. 

Ellen had managed the rare trick of being both beautiful and cute at the same time. The beauty I've already told you about. The cuteness came from the hair. It was brown and cut very short in the style of Peter Pan. Best of all was the cowlick near the top back of her head. Most short-haired women with cowlicks cut them off at the base. Ellen was clever enough to keep her's. Whenever she walked or lectured in class or moved her head at all, that cowlick waved and bounced like an errant feather. It was heart-meltingly adorable. If you need to picture Ellen, I'd liken her to the actress Kate Beckensale in the movie "Uncovered."

Although some men would not agree with me, I found KeeKee and Arundati just as sexy as Ellen. (All three of them are also-rans compared to my Linda). KeeKee had come to this country from Japan to attend college and learn English. She was only 2 inches taller than Linda, had black shoulder length hair, a smooth complexion, perfect figure, a mischievous grin and a bubbly personality. James, 7 years older than she, had been one of her professors. Like many Japanese, she mixed up 'r's and 'l's and had been calling me "Lick" all evening. I found it adorable. 

Arundati and her husband had come from India just 2 years before. Like most women from that very conservative culture, she always dressed in baggy, figure-hiding clothes. Her skin was a wonderful smooth brown. She had long jet black, curly hair, a heart-shaped face, and huge deep brown eyes; so darkly brown that, unless you were very close to her, the iris and pupil merged into a single large dark spot, giving her eyes a depth such as I'd never seen on anyone else. 

The conversation had turned giggly and a little naughty. Someone had mentioned couples who met for regular bridge games, then someone else made a joke about couples meeting for strip poker. There was much tittering from the women and stripping became the topic of conversation for a while as the women blushed and giggled. My Linda just smiled wanly and looked pale. I wondered what was making her so nervous. 

A little later KeeKee and Ellen told us how they met at the women-in-academia conference when they found themselves sitting at the same table for the conference lunch with a woman who inadvertently revealed that her husband spanked her regularly when she overspent. There was nervous, giggly talk of spanking in marriage and speculation on the details of such acts. Linda and I were quiet during this talk: we did not need to speculate, we knew the details about spanking in marriage.

The conversation wandered, as conversations do, to houses, mortgages, gossip about colleagues, and the town's best restaurants; but every few minutes it would somehow wander back to either couples strip poker or spanking. James suggested that it would be impossible for a loving husband to really spank his wife with more than symbolic spanks. (Linda and I kept poker faces.) KeeKee, his wife, suggested that two men in need of disciplining their wives could spank each other's wives; thereby ensuring that each errant girl got a good licking when needed. And, thus, the two topics of couples-strip-poker and spanking became merged into one and we found ourselves talking about hypothetical couples who would meet to switch partners for spanking. Everyone would begin every sentence with something like "This is all purely hypothetical, of course ... "

There was much talk about the practicalities of such a system. (All purely hypothetical we assured ourselves.) Where and when and how frequently would it occur? What sins were truly "spankworthy"? Would spankers use bare hands or some kind of implement. Would the spankings be on the bare skin or over underwear? ("Bare!" the three inebriated men all chorused when Arundati asked the last question.) 

But, the main roadblock we agreed was the danger of infidelity or rape. People would simply not allow their spouse to be alone with another either to spank or to be spanked. The situation was just too erotically tempting. 

I tuned out the conversation in boredom because I've had years of very unhypothetical experience spanking Linda. It was then that I noticed that, other than Linda's whiskey, the women had been drinking only wine and none of them had finished even a single glass in the two hours we'd been talking. They weren't drunk at all. They were faking it. 

As the conversation droned around me, I replayed as much as I could remember of the night's conversation. It was no accident, I concluded, that it had kept coming back to strip poker and couples and spanking. KeeKee had always been the one who had brought it back to those subjects. KeeKee was also the one who effectively merged the topics with her suggestion of wives being spanked by other women's husbands. Ellen, and sometimes Arundati, and been extending the talk about these things too. It had always been one of the men who had pointed out the practical difficulties in implementing such a scheme, but all the suggested solutions had come from the women. 

A slow smile grew on face as I realized that those three women had an agenda. Each of these women wanted a spanking, and not from their husbands. And they wanted it tonight. Then I looked at Linda and thought about how nervous she'd been all night and that she'd had a long gulp of Ye Old Uninhibitor for the first time in years. She was in on it. 

I sat back and listened in amusement for a few more minutes of "this is strictly hypothetical, of course" talk, then I spoke up about the one roadblock the women had not solved: the danger of infidelity or rape. 

"The main problem can be solved by a combination of time limits and allowing only semi-privacy for the spankings." I said. All eyes turned toward me. 

"The couples meet in a house with several rooms that are very close to each other," continued. "Each husband and the woman he's supposed to spank go to a different room. But the doors are left open, so everyone can hear what's going on in every room. Then somebody sets a timer for say 3 or 4 minutes. Long enough to administer a spanking, but not really long enough for cheating on one's spouse, especially with the doors open."

I paused, and then looked KeeKee directly in the eyes, smiled, and said "Purely hypothetical, of course." 

Her eyes grew big and she blushed and looked away. No one else seemed to notice that, but I knew that she knew that I had figured out her little game. 

There was a long silence as everybody contemplated my suggestion. Out of the corner of my eye I saw Ellen give KeeKee a subtle kick on the ankle that no one else saw. The two women looked at each other a moment and then KeeKee cleared her throat to get everyone's attention.

"There's a question of fairness here, however," she started (pronouncing it failness he'ah, howevah.). "It's inevitable that some men will spank harder than others. There could be a really naughty little schoolgirl- uh- I mean really bad wife who gets a gentle spanker. Yet, another wife gets a really harsh spanking." (In her pronunciation, 'harder' was 'haldah, 'really' was 'learry', 'harsh' was 'hahsh', and, of course, 'spanker' was 'spankah'.)

Ellen, of course, had the answer. She was not a natural actress and if the other men had not been so drunk they would have heard how obviously rehearsed she sounded when she said: "Well, they could just do a round robin. Each woman is spanked by every man for an equal amount of time." 

"Yes," Arundati chimed in well-rehearsed support. "Every woman spanked by four men." she said in her sing-song Hindustani accent (think of Apu on the Simpsons television show).

"Why do you say 'four', Arundati?" I asked as smiling as innocently as I could. "Why would there necessarily be four couples?" 

She blushed and then stammered, "Uh. Of course. Um. I meant. Um. I meant four hypothetically. It wouldn't always be four." 

The women, having solved all the problems facing their "purely hypothetical" scheme now faced their Rubicon. Someone had to move the conversation out of the realm of the hypothetical. Someone had to say "Let's do this. The eight of us. In real life. Tonight." 

I knew my Linda would be too shy and inhibited to do it and Arundati had spent her life in a conservative and repressed society. No way she was going to overcome that in a single conversation. That left KeeKee and Ellen. KeeKee was the outgoing talker but that did not necessarily translate into courage which is what the situation called for now. I'd picked up some signs during the evening that Ellen might actually be more the leader than KeeKee and I did sense that there was a boldness inside that adorable Peter Pan head. 

The two of them, Ellen and KeeKee, kept glancing at each other while saying things like "Well..." and "Um..." and "So...". I took pity on them and decided to help out. 

"So, KeeKee," I said, "besides this room, I know there's a bedroom and the kitchen off the hallway. Is there another room past the kitchen?"

"Yes," she said, puzzled by the question, "there is schoolroom- uh- I mean James's study." 

Ellen and Arundati and their husbands looked puzzled at the hastily corrected reference to the "the schoolroom" but James himself shifted nervously in his chair and KeeKee was blushing. I concluded (as did Linda, she told me later) that some "naughty schoolgirl" games had been played in "the schoolroom." 

"So," I continued, "there are four rooms so close to each other that anything happening in one can be heard in the others."

"Yes very tlue [true]," said KeeKee happily, suddenly realizing that I was an ally. Ellen looked at me with wide-eyed surprise. Only now did she realize that I was onto the whole game. She smiled and looked at me with, false modesty aside, real admiration.

"So" said Ellen, picking up on my gambit, "this house would work well for the system we were describing ... hypothetically." She and the other women were all now looking at me expectantly, hopefully, eagerly. 

"Indeed, it would be perfect," I replied, "which makes me wonder if anyone present here would object to such a system." 

I looked at the other three men. They blinked, stirred, and began to sit up. For the first time that night, the possibility that this might not be a purely hypothetical scenario was dawning on them. Both James and Karam seemed to get the same idea at the same time: they both looked at beautiful Ellen. She looked right back, unblushing, and a small smile spread her lips. James' and Karam's eyes widened. Message received. 

They both allowed as how they had no objection to such a system, Danny chimed in assent as well. 

"Well, then," I said. "Perhaps we should conduct an experiment tonight to see if this would really be feasible. Anyone object to that?" This is the way to get agreement on something that everyone in a room is too embarrassed to ask for: make it a negative question "Does anyone object?" This way, nobody had to say 'I want to be spanked' and no one had to say 'I want to spank so-and-so.' Everyone could just stay silent. 

Danny, looked from Linda to KeeKee to Arundati, and pursed his lips in thought. I could guess what he was thinking. From his point of view, he was the guy who brought the football so he could make the rules. His wife was the great beauty. It was her behind that other men would most want to see and smack. He was considering how he could leverage this to get more than an equal share, more time perhaps with the other wives or perhaps fewer clothes on the other wives when he spanked them. 

Karam and James, drunk and lusting for Ellen, would probably have agreed to such a deal, but their wives might not have, and I would definitely have said 'no.' Watching Danny, I picked up Linda's hand possessively in mine, prepared to walk out if necessary. 

Ellen saw this, and correctly surmised what I was on my mind. Thinking fast, she said, "You know, the great thing about marriage is that you have this partner who always helps you see all your dreams come true. And when they do that it just makes you want to help them with all of their desires too." As she finished this sentence, she looked Danny in the eyes. 

Translated, she said, "This evening is important to me Danny. Don't fuck this up or you'll sleep on the couch for six months." 

Danny understood. He sat back, smiled, and said, "Well, I certainly don't object." 

After 10 more seconds of quiet, KeeKee, now furiously blushing, said, "Well- uh- how about that? No one object." 

There were some details to be worked out, but we finalized plans quickly. It was decided that each man would spank each woman just once. Spankings would last 4 minutes. All four women would be spanked simultaneously, so there would be a total of four 4 minute rounds. No touching was allowed other than the spanks themselves and touching that was necessary to hold the woman in place (or put her in place to begin with). Doors to the rooms would stay open throughout. Each woman would stay in her assigned room while the men rotated between rooms. 

A kitchen timer was placed on a table in the middle of the hallway. It was decided that whatever man was rotating to the kitchen would set the timer to 4 minutes and then call out "Start." When the timer bell rang, all spankings would stop immediately and men would rotate.

It was also decided that on the first round, each man would spank his own wife. After the fourth and final 4 minute spanking, there would be another rotation which would bring the men back to the room with their wives for five minutes. That was my idea: I figured it would be a good idea for each husband and wife at that time to reassure each other of their love and fidelity. After the 5 minute debriefing we would all meet again, fully dressed, in the living room. 

The women would have to pull up skirts or push down pants, but each woman would decide whether to take her spankings on panties or on the bare skin. A woman could not choose underwear for some men and bare skin for others. Whatever choice she made for the first spanking applied to all of them. 

The others seemed to think of me as the leader, so I assigned Linda to the living room, Arundati to the bedroom, Ellen to the kitchen, and KeeKee to James's study. (It took all my will power to not call it "the schoolroom" so I could see KeeKee blush.) 

The other couples left for their respective rooms. Danny set the timer and called out "Start" before continuing to the kitchen.

There was no suitable spanking chair in the living room, so I sat on the arm of a couch while Linda, after a blushing glance at the open door, pulled down her jeans and panties. I pulled her over my lap and gazed at her familiar milky white globes. It was a sight that never grew old for me, but there wasn't time to indulge myself in gazing at it tonight. On the other hand, I didn't start spanking either. Instead, I inserted one finger into her vagina and reminded her that over the next 16 minutes, three men she'd never met before tonight were going to see her naked bottom. 

"I know," she said, "I'm scared and I'll be embarrassed, but ... for some reason when KeeKee told me her plans for tonight ... about being spanked by other men ... men we hardly knew ... and she invited me ... well ... "

"I understand," I said. No point in trying to force Linda to confront her desires. I knew them better than she did anyway. She is aroused by embarrassment and humiliation. She doesn't like humiliation, mind you. It's more complicated than that. She is a proud and modest person. But, like it or not, it turns her on. Spanking, for Linda, is just a means to the end. If done properly, it can arouse her by virtue of embarrassing her. 

Within seconds of my reminding her of what was going to happen tonight, I felt her love juices cover my finger. That is what I had been feeling for. It confirmed for me, that for Linda, tonight, the spankings, strictly speaking, would be almost beside the point. Letting her bottom be seen by strangers, voluntarily lowering her own panties and voluntarily putting herself over their laps, these things would humiliate her and, thus, arouse her. But I knew that she didn't entirely recognize this herself. 

"Alright, Linda, I said, "offer your bottom to me." She promptly arched her back which caused her bottom to stick up more prominently. She then stood on tiptoe which caused her rear end to protrude toward the ceiling even higher. This was a position I had taught her years before, on our 10th date. 

I spanked her right buttock medium hard. She bucked slightly in surprise but made no sound. I continued with the medium blows at a moderate pace. Before long her bottom was turning light pink and her hips began to twitch from side to side while her buttocks began to clench. She was emitting soft little 'ow's with each spank. 

I paused and for the first time we heard barely audible rhythmic sounds coming from the other rooms. The others, inhibited, had apparently been waiting for us to start. But we heard no 'ouch'es. I thought it would be a good idea to signal to the other women that it is OK to cry out, so I gave Linda one really hard one on the base of both hills. She twisted, grimaced, and called out "Owwwoooo" loud enough to be heard in the other rooms. This must have startled the other men, because all sounds stopped for a few seconds. I knew this would send another fresh flow of juice in her sex. Only rarely has Linda ever been heard by others getting a spanking and it is always extremely embarrassing, and thus arousing, for her. 
