 Richard's Rules - 

(Beach Weekend 1955)

In his excellent series "The Proper Rules for Strip Poker" PaulSandarac mentions that some of the story participant's parents also played. Strip poker has been around for many years so THEIR parents may have played also, as seen in this story set in 1955. The 1950's weren't all 'Leave it to Beaver" or "Father Knows Best," although some may think things were a little tame by today's standards. In this chapter the girls learn about Richard's Rules and decide to put them to the test. They gather to decide his fate for the weekend, and a strip poker game gets things started. The action promises to heat up as the weekend progresses in succeeding chapters.

Chapter 1 - Friday

Richard Shepard and fraternity brothers Joel, Eddie and Frank, sat around a table in the Alpha Delta fraternity house. "Okay," Richard said "So I'll gas up the car and make sure it's ready for the trip. Joel, you check out the camping equipment from the P. E. department. Eddie and Frank, you are in charge of making sure we have food and coolers. If we run low on money we'll need something to keep us from starving before we get back. I'll maybe pick up a six-pack or two for camp, although I think we'll be spending most of our time checking out the bars. Let's meet tomorrow at about eleven. That will get you through that math quiz, won't it Frank?'

"Yeah. Professor Walters knows everyone wants to leave, so he made sure to schedule a quiz tomorrow morning." 

"Typical for him. As soon as you can get here we'll leave. If you pack your stuff tonight I'll have it loaded in the trunk and you can just throw your books in your room and go. It's a shame he's like that, especially since this is the last weekend we will all be free before exams. Man, I need a break!"

"Me too!" echoed Eddie.

Frank looked up at the sunny sky. "The weather is great, too. Sometimes in early May it can get cold, but we hit it right this time. I read in the paper that at the beach it will be warm enough for swimming, but might get a little cool at night."

Joel rubbed his hands together. "Cool evenings. Just right for snuggling up to a warm girl."

Eddie playfully punched him on the shoulder and laughed "Man, that's all you think about!"

"Can you think of anything better?"

***

At five minutes to eleven on Friday morning the four gathered around Richard's red 1951 Oldsmobile convertible. Richard, standing about five-foot eight was of average build with short sandy hair. Frank was muscular and athletic, but short, standing only five-four, and sporting a crew cut in his brown hair. He was captain of the Western State University baseball team and played center field. Eddie was just shy of five-ten, built like a body builder, with bulging muscles and short blond hair neatly combed back and to the side. Joel, standing just shy of six feet, was of slender build and sported slicked back black hair with a single curl hanging down over his forehead. 

Within minutes the last cooler of food and the all-important beverages were loaded into the trunk along with the camping supplies loaded in the night before. Shortly they were on their way with the top down, ready to cruise, and confident that they would easily find a campground along the beach close to the bars and nightlife where they intended to spend most of their time. A quick stop for a lunch of hot dogs washed down with root beer in frosty mugs at an A & W stand made the final two hours to the beach seem to go by faster. 

In fact, they found most campgrounds near the beach were hesitant to take what they assumed to be a group of rowdy college students. Those campgrounds all tended to cater to families, and brushed the group off with "You know, we close the gates at ten. You boys will probably be more comfortable up the beach a ways." The group eventually found a spot about ten miles away from the place at the beach where they intended to spend the most time - a bustling strip with a boardwalk, bars, live music, miniature golf and, most importantly, girls. 

After hastily setting up the tent and organizing the rest of the equipment and food, there were still a few hours of daylight left and they changed into bathing trunks, grabbed a couple of beers each, and headed for the beach. Since it was yet spring the water was still cold, but it felt good to whoop it up and let off some steam. After drying off they tossed their towels into the car, pulled on polo shirts, slipped into loafers (no socks), stuffed wallets into the small pockets on their bathing trunks, and headed off to the bars to drink beer and check out the music scene, and just maybe some girls, too.

The group picked up some more cold ones and strolled around. Joel, with his 'girl radar' soon spotted a group of girls heading for the parking lot to leave. The three others watched in amusement as he rushed over to try out one of his famous pickup lines, and laughed as he was obviously rebuffed.

"Well, I tried." He shrugged as he returned to the group. "One of them let it slip that they're going to come back tonight, though. They're really cute. If I see them later I'll try again."

Frank laughed "You need to change tactics, man. Those pickup lines don't work."

"Yeah, yeah, yeah. They work sometimes."

"Do like Richard does."

"What? Those silly rules? No way. I want action. I don't want to play around."

Richard shook his head. "Joel, respect will get you more than pickup lines will."

"Maybe for you. I know the girls are all over you at school, but they know you there. You have a reputation. Here everyone has a clean slate. Tell you what. You do your 'respect' thing and I'll stick to my method. We'll see who scores."

"It's not about scoring, man. Jeez. Make a connection. Let the girl lead you to what she is ready for and wants to do. You'll both enjoy it more."

"It's all about what I want to do, and for me that is scoring."

Richard slowly shook his head.

As dusk settled they picked up some corn dogs, fries and more cold beer, which they consumed as they checked out the music scene at various bars. Music spilled out of the open doors of a number of the bars, and they discussed which bands they would like to go hear. Joel and Eddie liked the band playing that newest rock-and-roll stuff, Frank thought the band in another bar had a cute girl singer with a backup playing Les Paul tunes, and Richard wanted to dance to the music in another, so they decided to split up and keep an eye out for the others during the evening. If they didn't see each other before, they agreed to meet at the car at 10:00 to decide on a plan for the rest of the evening.

After they split up, Richard went to the bar with the swinging band he wanted to hear. He knew he would have to drive back to the campsite, so only ordered a couple more beers before switching to soft drinks. During the set he danced with a girl named Betty who had long black hair pulled back into a ponytail, bangs cut just above her eyebrows, a cute turned-up nose and a flawless olive skin tone that looked natural rather than a tan. The bar floor had a thin layer of sand that had been tracked in from the beach, but that only made the turns and spins of the jitterbug easier. When the band announced a thirty minute break, Betty said she was meeting some friends. "But hey, maybe we'll see each other and dance again tomorrow."

"I'd like that. You're a good dancer."

Betty tossed him a smile over her shoulder, a smile bookended by the cutest dimples he had ever seen. He then went outside and found an area out of the bright lights with some picnic tables and sat by himself to cool off and relax and enjoy the salt air along with the sights and sounds of the beach scene at night. Between the buildings he could just glimpse the ocean. Laughter from the miniature golf course nearby mixed with laughter and various types of music from the bars. The cries of gulls diminished as they settled down for the night. 

In a few minutes a girl with striking long red hair sat down at the table next to his and bent over the table, resting her head on her arms. 

"Can I get you something? Do you feel all right?"

She looked up. "I'm fine. I'm just a little tired. We've been here most of the day. Thanks for asking."

She didn't seem to be interested in talking anymore, so Richard turned and gazed out toward the beach beyond the bars again. Over the water he could just make out the moon rising.

"Oh, God. There he is again."

Richard looked back at the girl, and followed her gaze. Joel was trying again with the group of girls from this afternoon. He noted with interest that Betty was one of them.

Richard sighed. "He'll never learn."

"What? Do you know him? He's been pestering us all evening."

"Joel isn't a bad guy, but sometimes after he's had a few beers he thinks he's God's gift to women. He's got dozens of pickup lines, most of which are rather laughable."

"Even I know they are pretty lame. So, you two go to school together or something?"

"We're fraternity brothers at Western State. Actually there are four of us here. This is the last weekend we are all free to get together before exams next month. Are you with those other girls?"

"My sister and two others are in college. Our family owns a beach house nearby and Margaret wanted to use it this weekend with two friends. Mother wouldn't let her unless she took me, too. Well, I didn't want to spend the weekend with my sister and a bunch of girls I don't know, so she let me bring one of my friends. We're graduating from high school next month, so this weekend is sort of a double celebration for the two of us – a combination graduation and eighteenth birthday bash. By the way, I'm Lisa."

"And I'm Richard. I'm sorry Joel has been pestering you. I'll go over and get him to leave you alone. I know he can be a pain."

"Nah, my sister will take care of it. She won't take any crap off of a guy. She's been playing him like a fish. Soon she'll get tired of the game and give him the old heave-ho."

She turned to size up Richard. "So you're a frat rat. My sister is in a sorority and tells some wild tales about the frat guys – the keg parties, the panty raids and all. Is that all true, or is she embellishing things for my benefit?"

"I'm afraid a lot of it is true. A lot of brothers make perfect fools of themselves at the parties. I apologize in advance for their behavior."

"What is a panty raid, anyway? When I ask Margaret she just rolls her eyes like I'm an idiot. I mean, I know what it sounds like, but I'm not sure that what I think about them really happens. Do guys just take them off of the girls? I wouldn't like that."

"Well, Western State is mostly guys, but there is a small girl's college nearby. On occasion someone will yell 'panty raid!' and the next thing you know there is a stampede to the girl's school. The guys gather outside one of the dorms, hootin' and hollerin'. Girls lean out the windows and toss panties. It's really funny if you watch the guys; it reminds me of a school of fish in a feeding frenzy. Some girls write their names and phone numbers on the waistband of the garment they toss. Occasionally one or more guys will manage to get in the building and eventually get chased out wearing a pair of panties on their heads, or some other foolishness." Richard added with a chuckle "Some actually have a collection of panties from the panty raids."

"So, how many do you have?"

"How many what?"

"Panties."

Richard laughed outright. "None. Panty raids are definitely not my thing. I only tagged along and watched one once freshman year. It was hilarious."

"That makes me feel a lot better about it. I was afraid guys would gang up on a girl and just you know...take them or something. Now tell me what really goes on at those keg parties. I want to know what to expect if I rush a sorority. I'm just not sure I should believe everything Margaret tells me. Sometimes I think she is just trying to scare me."

"Well, the parties can be a lot of fun with dancing to live bands and you do get to meet a lot of people, most of them very nice, but there can be a lot of drinking, and then anything can happen. Some drunks have tried to see how many of them can cram into a phone booth or car, or some other crazy stunt. You might just as well be prepared for there to be some......well, sex. Sometimes people wake up the next morning in bed next to someone they don't even remember from the night before because they were so drunk."

"Margaret implied that such things go on. I don't know if I am ready for that. I suppose you are going to tell me you don't do that either?"

"Look, I don't see the point of getting so smashed you can't remember what happened. Why have sex like that? I know there are some guys who just try to get as many girls as possible to go to bed with them, and drunk girls are an easy mark for them. It's like they keep score, or add another notch on their belt and they brag about it." 

"But you don't do that?"

"First of all, I think that whatever goes on between two people is just between them – it's nobody else's business, so I never tell what goes on between me and a girl. If the girl wants to tell her friends, she's free to do so, but I won't be the one to break her trust. Second, I will tell you this - I don't believe in just 'having sex'. I think any intimate experience should be based on intentional mutual pleasure rather than a mere mechanical act. I can't tell you how ticked off I get listening to guys brag, knowing the girl was totally forgotten. Sometimes they can't even remember her name. Third, I think that guys don't pay enough attention to what pleases the girl they're with. They are just interested in themselves. They don't realize that they don't even have to take their pants off to please a girl."

"So you're different from the others? Is that what makes you so special?"

"I'm not saying I'm special. I just have rules that I live by when it comes to dating."

Lisa laughed "Dating rules. Now I've heard everything. Enlighten me about these so-called rules."

"Well, I have two hard and fast rules. First is that words such as 'no', 'stop' and 'don't' mean exactly that. When one party utters any of those words whatever is going on ceases. Second is that nobody has to do anything they are not comfortable with. I don't believe in forcing or trying to sweet talk anyone into doing anything they don't want to do. There has to be trust between the two partners that nobody is going to get hurt. It makes for a more pleasurable experience all around, and lets the girl know that the guy is really interested in her pleasure, not just his own. If she's ready for sex and wants it why shouldn't it be pleasurable for her as well as the guy?"

There was a moment of silence as Lisa nodded. "Margaret says, like you said, that girls do end up in bed at the frat house and tells me that sometimes they don't even remember having sex."

"Yeah. Look, with all the drinking going on, keg parties are not the best places to have intimate experiences."

"Oh? Where, then?"

"Almost anywhere else," Richard laughed.

"Even here?"

Richard looked around. "Certainly, if that's what the couple wants."

"Let me get this straight. You say it is possible to have intimate experiences anywhere, with a guy pleasing a girl while keeping his pants on, and stopping whenever she wants to stop?"

"Well, yeah, that pretty much sums it up in a nutshell."

"Prove it."

"What?"

"Mister Smarty, if what you say is true it should work right here, right now."

"You? Me?"

"I don't see anyone else around."

"You are quite an unusual young lady."

Lisa crossed her arms. "Okay. Quit stalling. Prove yourself or I'm going to go over and get my sister to come over here and knock your block off. I'm betting this is all an elaborate story, a snow job. Well, it's time to back up your words with action. Please me, like you say you can do – with your pants on."

Richard drew in a deep breath and let it out slowly as he studied her and considered. Despite her young age and obvious inexperience there was something to be said about her audacity and sassiness. 

"Ordinarily in this situation I would invoke rule number two and say that such a thing would make me uncomfortable, and if your sister came over and belted me – oh, well. I've been hit before, although usually by later boyfriends who don't like their girl demanding they follow the Rules. But you aren't talking about actual sex so I might just do it to prove my point." He paused and studied her again to judge her seriousness. Her narrowed eyes and set jaw told him all he needed to know. "All right, if you're really serious. Given where we are, though, I think I will need something from my car."

"Hah! I knew it. An excuse to run away. Coward."

"Want to come with me to get it? I wouldn't want you to think I was skipping out on you."

Lisa followed Richard to the car parked with the top still down. He reached into the back seat and retrieved a large beach towel, and motioned for her to return to the picnic table area. While they walked Richard sized her up some more, taken by how short she was – she barely came up to his shoulders. She wore a sleeveless shirt that was probably white or some other very light color and Bermuda shorts that appeared to be blue with a pale plaid pattern. It was hard to tell colors in the dim outdoor lighting. Her red hair was straight and hung below her shoulders.

"Would you mind if we went over to that table over there?" He pointed toward the table farthest away from the crowds and the lights, one with dense shrubbery behind it.

Lisa nodded agreement and they sat on the bench nearest the bushes, with the table between them and the others. "Okay, what's the towel for?"

"A little privacy." He spread the large beach towel out on the table such that it draped off the side where they were to sit, reaching almost to the ground. "Now no one can see what is going on below the level of the table. Come sit with me. Sit facing the same way I do and just sort of lean back against me."

He straddled the bench, and she did likewise, scooted back as far as she could against him and leaned back against his chest. "Like this?"

"Yeah. Look, you don't have to do this. Rule number two."

"Oh, no. You made some claims that I find hard to believe. I want to know what the real deal is with you."

"Okay. Understand that you can stop me at any time, and your friends are not far away, so if you call out they can come right over here and, as you say, knock my block off. I hope that makes you feel safe."

"Understood."

"Close your eyes. Concentrate on what you feel." 

Richard leaned forward so his face was over her head, and wrapped his arms around her. "Do you know the first thing I noticed about you? Your hair. It kind of glowed in the light. Now I can tell that it's soft, too."

Richard gently stroked her hair and her arms and continued to speak to her softly as he felt her body gradually relax. She sighed with pleasure when he caressed her face. Eventually, he reached down and caressed one knee and the exposed leg below her shorts, and her legs tensed, but the tension eased as he took his time, moving slowly and gently up her leg, pushing the leg of her shorts up as he went, as far as the shorts would move, all the time talking to her, whispering low in her ear. She shifted her leg position so the shorts could slide up a bit higher, about halfway up her leg above her knee. Richard took that as a 'go ahead' signal. His other hand moved from her hair and face to her lap and upward until he felt her navel, around which he traced circles through her shirt. From her navel, his hand massaged slowly upward until he reached the bottom of her bra, and stopped.

He lifted the hand from her leg to resume caressing her face, and let his fingers play over her eyes, nose, and mouth. He softly kissed the top of her head, then the side of her head, her ear, cheek, and, finally her neck, which caused a little shiver to run through her.
