 Spring, 1955. Richard has met some girls while on a spring beach trip, and they have invited him back to their house for the weekend, to be their 'love slave' and to test his Rules for intimate relationships. Doris, Margaret and Betty are sorority sisters while Lisa (Margaret's sister), and her friend Emily are soon-to-be-graduated high school seniors. One stipulation for his stay is that he wear nothing but a towel for the entire weekend. After an evening of strip poker and teasing with no relief for him and after spending the night with a scared virgin Richard finds out what the girls have in store for him for the day.

This story can be read alone, but will make more sense if you read Chapter 1 first.

*****

Richard's Rules

Chapter 2 - Saturday Morning and Afternoon

Richard awoke to sunlight streaming through the living room windows, the sound of footsteps on the stairs, and a whispered voice. "Emily. Emily, are you awake?"

Lisa tiptoed over to the sofa and saw the two of them together; Emily's head nestled on Richard's shoulder, and one of his arms around her. The towel had come off during the night, and one of Emily's legs was wedged between Richard's legs. The whispered voice woke Emily with a start. 

"Emily! I waited up for you, I thought you would come up after you and Richard did... whatever. It looks like you had a better time than I thought you would the way you two are wrapped up together."

Emily yawned and stretched; Richard held her behind her back to prevent her from falling off the sofa. She turned her face to his, and whispered softly in his ear, so Lisa wouldn't hear. "Did anything happen last night? I mean, with us." Richard understood that she didn't want Lisa to know, so gave his head an almost imperceptible shake from side to side. "Thanks." She kissed him, got up and went upstairs with Lisa to get dressed for the day. As they went up the stairs Richard heard Lisa's voice. "Wow, Emily. You've never done anything like that before. Tell me everything!"

Richard guessed it must be around nine or nine-thirty from the amount of light coming in the window. All the activity of the previous evening had given him an appetite, so he headed to the kitchen to see what he could find to eat. He knew the two younger ones were up, but had no idea when the others would poke their heads out, and didn't feel like waiting to ask about meal protocols. Rummaging around in the refrigerator he found some eggs and bacon, and in the cabinet he found coffee and some Frosted Flakes. After donning an apron to protect himself against splatters, he put coffee on to perk, fried up some bacon and prepared some eggs to scramble. Lisa and Emily came in wearing their bathing suits, Lisa a bright blue two piece that showed a thin strip of skin around her middle, and Emily with a modest pink one piece. They were very pleased to find food under way, and shared with him who liked scrambled eggs and who liked fried eggs. As he was serving the two early risers, Margaret, clad only in panties, stumbled into the kitchen, rubbing her eyes. "What? You cook, too? Marry me!" The two younger girls doubled over with laughter. 

By ten thirty everyone had eaten, the kitchen was cleaned up, and plans for the day hatched. All the girls except Doris were going to walk down to the beach and swim or sun until lunch. Margaret and Betty grabbed towels, sunglasses and suntan lotion, joined the two younger ones and they all trooped on down the street to the beach access together. Doris explained that with her fair skin she didn't go out in the sun much. "I much prefer indoor sports," she said with a knowing smile.

Richard inquired about a razor, and Doris found one he could use, and also gave him a clean toothbrush. He had always heard that guys shouldn't use ladies razors, and soon found out that they were right. After he hacked off the stubble he had to cool his burning face with cold water.

When he emerged from his ablutions he found Doris waiting on the sofa. She crooked her finger indicating for him to come over to her, and he obeyed the request with interest. When approached she arose to stand in front of him, all six-foot four of her. "Richard, I'm not going to pussy-foot around. If you're half as good as Lisa and Margaret say you are we should have a very good time. I've been impressed with how you've dealt with the younger girls. Let's see what you can do with a real woman."

She began to unbutton her shirt, stopped, and with a nod of her head indicated for him to continue where she left off. He finished unbuttoning, pushed the shirt off her shoulders, reached around behind her to unfasten her bra and slid it off, and stepped back to admire what he had uncovered. While she seemed to appreciate the admiring glances she indicated that she didn't want him to stop there. He undid the fasteners on her shorts, slipped them over her hips, and pushed her underwear down also. He had never had to look up to a girl before; Doris was easily the tallest girl he had ever encountered, yet was well proportioned for her height, slim, with long shapely legs and a long elegant neck. As she stepped out of the pile of garments at her feet she tugged at the knot in his towel until it loosened and the towel fell away, and then indicated for him to follow her into the bedroom she shared with Betty. 

When they got next to her bed she turned around to face him again. Except for during the strip poker game the previous night he had never kissed a girl so much taller than himself, so found himself standing on tip-toes as she bent her head down toward his. He resisted the urge to go straight for what she was obviously offering him, but ran his fingers through her platinum hair, traced the features of her face and caressed her arms while they kissed. When they broke the kiss Doris stretched out on the unmade bed. Richard feasted his eyes for a moment on her milky skin and the pale white triangle where her legs met before he knelt on the bed beside her.

She looked up at him in anticipation, and he surmised what would drive someone as assertive as she had shown herself to be wild. He bent over her, kissed her and let his fingers wander slowly down her sides and down the outside of the legs to her feet, which he massaged briefly. On the way back up his fingers traced a different path, up the insides of her thighs, through that wonderful pale blond tangle, up her abdomen, lightly over her breasts and back to her face. He could see the look of anticipation in her pale blue eyes, but he smiled at her, leaned over, and kissed her again. His kisses ranged wider over her face, ears and neck, then took the same path his fingers had earlier, but stopping at certain places to swirl his tongue over her beautiful skin. Alternating sides, he kissed down the outsides of her legs to her feet, then kissed and sucked on each toe before he started up the insides of her thighs, again alternating from one leg to the other. As he approached that pale triangle she moved her legs further apart and lifted her hips. He slowed his progress somewhat, and was pleased to see her already gripping the sheets in anticipation. With slow deliberation he kissed his way through the hair, using his tongue to give attention to some of the hidden secrets, and was rewarded with a gush of wetness, before he continued upward toward her navel, where he swirled his tongue some more, teasing the edges and probing into it. It seemed to him that her skin had become more sensitive, and her breathing quickened. 

Before he moved on he stole a quick glance toward her face and saw her eyes closed. He smiled and decided to take his time and really drive her crazy. As his kisses continued upward toward her breasts, his fingers lightly moved back down toward the pale blond triangle. His tongue traced around her nipples and his fingers explored, noting the touches that resulted in more gushes of wetness. His lips gradually returned to hers, and his free hand caressed a breast with his thumb gently playing over the nipple. It appeared her need was as great as his as she began to writhe about on the bed, and suddenly her hands reached out and pulled him over on top of her and she wrapped her long legs around him. Richard didn't see the point in torturing her, or himself, anymore, so he gave her what they both wanted and plunged into her. He had a lot of pent-up need for relief and hoped he could last long enough for her. The two of them thrashed around in a frenzy until, with a loud moan, Doris arched her back and squeezed him tightly with her legs and pulled him closer with her arms. He poured hot jets of his need into her but kept going until he felt pulses of strong contractions squeezing him as tight as if she had gripped him in her fist.

They remained wrapped together, and Richard stroked her sweat-soaked platinum blond hair and kissed her softly.

Doris sighed "All right, Richard. Margaret was right about you. You're not the first for me by a longshot, but you certainly are the best. Most guys just want to get their cock inside me as fast as possible to get what they can for themselves and leave me wanting more. I know I'm considered 'easy' or 'fast', and I am, but while sex always feels good to me I have always thought there must be more to it. This is the first time I've ever felt what it's really supposed to feel like. God, that was good!" 

Richard ran his hands over her creamy skin, reveling in the sensation of it. "It's always better with a willing partner. You're pretty incredible yourself, Doris. Your experience shows. I don't know if I've ever felt such passion."

They nestled against each other and recovered in silence for long minutes until there was the sound of footsteps in the living room and Margaret's voice. "Richard. Oh, Richard! Your presence is required." He kissed Doris one more time and stumbled back out into the living room.

"There you are, you naughty boy. I hope Doris is finished with you, because Betty requires your assistance in the shower."

"Outside?"

"That's generally where we wash the sand off and get dressed after swimming. Don't worry; no one will see you go out if you use the back door. We do it all the time."

He grabbed his towel off the floor and headed for the back door.

Outside the door he found a concrete sidewalk, hidden from the neighbor's view by shrubbery, leading from the back steps around the corner to the outdoor shower stall beside the house. The shower, about six feet square, consisted of wooden walls, about seven feet high, beneath a nine-foot roof, so there was a space between the walls and roof for air to circulate. The walls ended about six inches from the floor, to further enhance air circulation. There was a concrete floor and benches built in partway around the enclosure. The open doorway faced toward the side of the house, a wall with no windows. This arrangement was perfect for rinsing off sand upon returning from the beach, and for changing out of wet bathing suits. A stock of shampoo and soap sat on one of the benches.

Richard found Betty washing the salt and sand out of her hair. "Here. Give me a hand, would you? I have soap in my eyes, and can't see what I'm doing." Richard handed her a towel to wipe soap out of her eyes.

"You'd better take that towel off, Richard. You don't want to get your 'clothes' wet, do you?"

He hung his towel up on a hook, turned and found her taking off her bathing suit. She rinsed it under the warm water, wrung it out and hung it on a hook next to his towel.

"Now help me get the rest of this sand off. Don't you just hate it when sand gets into your bathing suit? You can use the bar of soap, but don't bother with a wash cloth. Just use your hands. You can feel the sand better that way, and I'll tell you when I think you've got it all off."

Water streamed off the hair matted on her head, and little rivulets of shampoo lather ran from the hair on her shoulder, down her chest around her breasts, then down her abdomen, to disappear into the black forest, and back out again, down the insides of her thighs. The white soap on her black hair and olive complexion was a striking contrast; he couldn't help staring at it.

"Well? Are you going to wash me or not?"

"Sorry. I was just taken by your beautiful complexion."

Betty laughed "Flattery will get you everywhere!"

He smiled as he worked some lather in his hands and began at her neck, sliding his hands over her smooth skin, back and forth to get any sand stuck there. He worked his way down her back to her waist, and then up her sides. When he reached her shoulders, she raised her arms for him to reach around to her chest, and he was happy to oblige. As his hands worked over her breasts she moved her torso so he would reach just where she wanted him to. "Pay particular attention there. I'm sure I felt some grit when I took my suit off, and we want to get it all now, don't we?" When she stood under the running water the soap rinsed off her skin even as he applied it, but apparently the soap and sand was not the real focus of the activity. The 'sand' was apparently very difficult to dislodge, as she made him go over and around her breasts several times. He laughed as she had him rub 'sand' from around her nipples while she closed her eyes.

Richard worked his hands, caressing every detail of her breasts before moving downward to the front of her waist. By then all the soap had washed off his hands again, so he worked up another handful of lather and started working from her lower back slowly down her backside and between her butt cheeks, then the backs of her thighs and legs. When he reached her feet she turned around to face him and handed him the soap again. "Make sure there isn't any down there. I'm sure you can find all the places it can hide."

With his soapy hands he 'cleaned out' her navel, then willingly plunged into the black triangle, lathering it up like a shampoo, and ran his fingers into the soft folds of skin beneath, and finally down the front and insides of her thighs. "I think you missed some," she breathlessly instructed. 

She handed him the soap once more and thrust her hips out at him. On his knees he carefully and slowly worked on the labia with special attention to a surprise feature not visible the night before. Under stimulation her clitoris became engorged and protruded well out, about the length of the last joint in his little finger, and she moved to indicate where to touch it. Her breathing became ragged and rapid. "Sand is still there. Keep rubbing it off."

He took his cues for how to work on the giant clitoris from her body movements. Finally, she grabbed him under his arms, pulled him upright, and smashed her lips to his. His hands continued to roam her body while she kissed him more urgently, before pulling him to her and into her. She held on to his neck, wrapped her legs around him and her hips writhed and thrust with increasing tempo until she let out a short cry and her nails dug into his back. His need for relief hadn't been totally satisfied yet so he continued thrusting after she stopped until he reached another gratifying release and held her tight.

He sank down onto one of the benches and she perched on his lap with her legs still wrapped around his waist. 

"Geez, Richard. I never knew it could feel like that. You sure know how to touch a girl. That thing of mine has turned off more than one guy. They seem to think it is weird or scary or something."

"It's always a pleasure to meet someone who knows what they want. I can't believe guys don't want to play with that. I could play with it all day, just to see you squirm. I love it!"

Betty rinsed herself off one final time, turned off the water and indicated for him to dry her off. When dry she wrapped the towel around herself to go inside. Just as she was about to start down the sidewalk, she grabbed the door frame and leaned her head back in. "Come 'ere, lover boy."

When he reached her she grabbed him around the neck and pulled him in for another kiss, then displayed her trademark dimples with a smile and a wink as she left. Richard found another towel hanging there that he used to dry off before wrapping his own towel around his waist and following her into the house.

Margaret and the two younger girls were still in their bathing suits in the kitchen, but Doris, and soon Betty, emerged from their room wearing shorts and loose shirts. Over peanut butter and jelly sandwiches on Wonder Bread at the kitchen table the girls refined their plans for the afternoon. Lisa and Emily were going back to the beach for another sunning session, Betty and Doris were going to walk to some nearby beach shops, and Margaret was staying behind at the house. The girls scattered to their various destinations and quiet descended over the house.

Richard thought he knew what was coming. He seriously didn't know if he could keep up this pace.

"Well, Richard, it's just you and me now."

Richard sighed. "What have you got on your mind?"

"Don't sound so enthusiastic. I think I'd like you to help me clean up this place. Do you clean as well as cook? Yes?"

While he wasn't thrilled with the prospect of cleaning, it would give him a chance to recharge before what he suspected would be a very busy afternoon and evening.

Margaret went into her room, removed her bathing suit and came back out to the living room au natural. "I should have known" Richard groaned.

"Well that makes me feel special."

"I didn't mean it that way. You ladies are full of surprises."

"I was serious last night. I like to clean without any clothes on, remember. I don't know why, but I just like the freedom."

"Where do we start, and what do you want me to do?"

"You can start by brushing this dry sand off me. I didn't go in the water and pretty much stayed out of the sun, so I don't have a lot on me and don't need to wash it off. It's loose and brushes off easily. Come here and try it."

From his experience with Betty he thought he knew what she wanted him to do, so he ran his hands lightly over her skin, brushing off the visible loose sand. It really did come off easily since it hadn't been wet.

"I'm sure you know the places you need to give special attention to."

He carefully brushed over and under her breasts, making sure no sand, real or imagined, was left behind. He blew into her navel and then brushed away what came out. Confronted with her red bush, he decided to brush it side to side, and she spread her legs a little so he could easily access what was beneath. He surprised her by blowing on it. When she turned around he brushed her back, lightly between her cheeks, and down her legs to her feet.

"Good job."

"Is that all?"

"Oh, I'm saving up for later. There will be lots more to do then. Don't you worry about that!"

From a small closet she retrieved two brooms. "Start sweeping."

She stopped sweeping when she caught him glancing at her backside and raised her eyebrows. "No slacking."

"Hey, I'm just admiring the view. I never noticed before how shapely you are back there."

"Yeah, right. Just keep sweeping. You can't get out of it with flattery."

As they continued to sweep the sand off the floors and out the back door Richard had more of a chance to study her. When they were finished he leaned on his broom. "You do have a lot of freckles. I think they're quite attractive."

Margaret laughed. "Oh, you do, do you? Most would think the opposite. I can't stay out in the sun long with this complexion or I get more of them. I envy Lisa - she can tan, but I just burn and get freckles. The curse of the redhead."

She gathered the brooms and put them away. "Now you can help me stock the 'fridge, then we'll make my bed."

From cases in the corner of the kitchen they gathered some beer and soda bottles and put them on the refrigerator shelves.
