 Wendy was 43, very attractive, meticulously groomed, and wore only the very best, expensive designer clothes. Her husband was very wealthy and worked in finance. They owned a big mansion in Double Bay with a superb water view. 

Wendy did not have to work and did whatever she wanted. Her husband was often away with work and so she would spend her days shopping, going to lunch with friends, and then more shopping intermingled with trips to the beauty salon and hairdressers. She liked art and would often frequent the art gallery with friends buying some pieces for display in her 'mansion'. Price was not an issue and she bought whatever she wanted. She was rich, attractive, and always got her way. To some her curt manner was almost rude.

But she charmed all the men she met. They noticed her big tits before anything else. She knew her sexuality could get her whatever she wanted, after all, she had used it to marry her wealthy 'older' husband. The old fool. She had had a few very discreet affairs in the 5 years they had been married. She loved everything expensive in life.

It was a Tuesday and she had her usual appointment at the hairdressers. She drove the Mercedes up to the 'customer parking bay' and then made her way inside the salon. But today there was a new person working at the saloon. 

"What happened to Linda?" Wendy asked the owner, Mrs. Krueger. 

"She had to fly back to New Zealand because her mother is ill, so we have a new employee on the team. His name is Antonio. He is only on a working holiday from Italy but he is very charming and highly trained. He will be doing your hair today if that's okay?"

Wendy looked Antonio up and down. He was tall with smouldering good looks, broad shoulders and an incredible white smile. Wendy estimated he was probably in his mid 20's. There was a very sexual aura about him. Devilish thoughts raced through her mind. She loved to fantasise about illicit sex. But this man had no money or position. She only fucked wealthy men. Her husband never had the time for her, always busy with work and overseas business trips. She was ready for another affair, but not with Antonio.

She thought to herself: "A bit of flirting and teasing won't do any harm". She loved to cock-tease.

She finally answered Mrs. Krueger, "Sorry, yes Antonio can cut my hair, that will be fine thank you".

Antonio had already been told that Wendy was one of their very best wealthy customers and she was to be given every bit of attention. She sat in the chair and introduced herself to Antonio. "Call me Tony" he said to her in his lovely sexy accent. 

He run his fingers through her hair and began to massage her scalp. It felt good and she sunk a little lower in the chair. She asked him where he was staying. He told her he had obtained an ideal apartment, on a 6-month lease, not far from the salon. He shared the apartment with a few friends who had come to Australia with him.

"Mrs. Krueger tells me that you like art Wendy?" Antonio said. "I am an artist back in Italy, only beginning though". Wendy was interested. He continued "I don't have any of my art here but I do have some photographs if you would like to see them? Perhaps we could have coffee one day and I will bring them along to show you?"

Did Wendy hear correctly? Was this man asking her for coffee? They had only just met, still, he was a fascinating man and she thought "Why not?"

"Thank you Tony, that would be lovely. Although you must let me pay". She told him where to meet her the following day. A place she didn't frequent often but it was ideal for cosy lunches and the booths provided some privacy for diners. 

The next day she was excited about her lunch with Tony. She was the quintessential cock-teaser and so she dressed accordingly. She wore a very short but stylish skirt, a tight blouse, with matching shoes and handbag. The outfit was worth more than Antonio would make in 3 months cutting hair. She had, underneath all this, a black bra and panties. 

As she was leaving she had a wicked thought, stopped, lifted her skirt, and peeled off her panties leaving them behind. She said to herself: "Perhaps Tony may like a glimpse of what he cannot have".

She met Tony who was exactly on time. Good. She liked punctuality. She caught Tony looking at her legs and tits and she got a rush. Manipulating men was her forte. "Keep looking Tony" she thought to herself "You will never get to fuck me so just dream on you poor dumb wop hair-cutter". 

They sat at the table that she had reserved and the waiter took their order. She crossed her legs and made sure Tony got a good look at her high upper thighs. She was in her element. They both ordered red wine and drank a glass each before the meal arrived while she flipped through the photo album of Tony's artwork. After a short while Wendy had to go to the 'ladies room' and excused herself. 

The second round of wine arrived and Tony discreetly spiked the drink with a clear fluid. 

Wendy came back and sat down. "I can only have this one last glass of wine Tony because I am driving".

Their meals arrived and they continued to talk about art, hair, and other things. She flirted with him sticking out her tits and crossing and re-crossing her legs, then discreetly letting her skirt ride high enough for him to get a glimpse of her cunt. She aroused herself in this way with many men. After about 20 minutes she started to get light-headed and felt as though she had drunk two bottles of wine rather than two glasses. 

"I don't understand it" she said "Two glasses never does this to me"

Tony suggested that he give her a lift home because he didn't want her to drive. She paid the bill then handed him the keys to the Mercedes to Tony. 

He took her arm and walked her to the car putting her in the passenger seat. As she got in her short skirt lifted to nearly completely around her waist and Antonio got an excellent view of her neatly trimmed cunt and swollen cunt lips. She didn't even realise that her skirt had ridden up and she just sat there. 

Tony got into the driver's seat and drove off. But he wasn't taking her home. He was taking her to his apartment. He pulled the Mercedes up and helped her out of the passenger side. The drug had taken effect now and she felt very intoxicated. It was designed to make her co-operative and sleepy. He opened the door to the apartment and helped Wendy to the main bedroom where she sat on the edge of the bed. 

She knew it wasn't her own house but she was beyond caring. She felt really good and that was all that mattered to her at that moment in time. She lay back on the bed and passed out. 

When she awoke she noticed it was dark outside. She figured she must have been asleep for at least 6 hours. Her head was groggy but she otherwise felt fine. Then she got a shock. There were four men in the room and she noticed video and camera equipment. It was then she realised that she was completely naked. 

"What the hell is going on?" she demanded.

"Relax bitch" said Tony. "We just fucked you real good and made ourselves a movie. Let me introduce you to my colleagues, Mikey, Sal and Theo". The three men nodded her way. "The other guys who fucked you were just some guys I recruited off the street. Nobody's. They fucked you for nothing with their dirty cocks. Didn't cost me a cent!"

Wendy was in shock. She had been fucked like a crack-whore hooker. It was then that she realised that her cunt and ass were slightly throbbing and the unmistakable smell of cum covered her body. "My God" she said, "You guys all fucked me. I am calling the Police!"

She got up and headed towards the telephone.

"Slow down whore, maybe you should watch the video first, because I know your husband would like to see it"

Tony flicked a switch and the video played through the TV. She stood and watched herself being fucked in the ass and cunt by at least 12 men. She was even sucking their cocks and, although she looked intoxicated, she also looked like she was enjoying it very much. To anyone who viewed the tape it would look as though she was a willing participant to a gang-bang.

"You loved our big cocks bitch. Hell, I don't think you needed any drugs you would have fucked us anyhow. You had no panties on under your rich little skirt so you must have wanted to fuck old Tony? Now, let's talk about our deal"

Wendy didn't know what to do. If her husband got hold of the tape she would lose everything including her lavish lifestyle. God, how could she be so stupid! She had no choice now but to co-operate.

Tony Romano was a two-bit petty criminal who made money from prostitution, gambling, extortion, and narcotics. He wasn't a major player but he was very street savvy and knew people.

Tony put forward his proposal. Wendy had to deposit cash into a bank account each month. Not too much or her husband would be suspicious, but more than enough to keep Tony and his buddies in style for a while.

"Okay I'll give you your money! Now give me back my clothes so I can get out of here!"

"Not so fast bitch. You gotta do something else for us"

"What, you are already going to get your money!"

"No, you stupid stuck-up rich white whore, you are going to sell your cunt and ass for money every day. Me and the boys are not greedy but we need a little more money than you can put in our bank account each month. And you had better be good or we will make sure your husband gets a copy of the video, plus a copy will go out to all your rich friends and we will sell the video over the Internet. You understand whore?"

Wendy was trapped. She had no way out. She could tell them to fuck off, walk out, and risk being divorced losing all her money, and, on top of that, known as a common whore to all her socialite friends. But to become a prostitute? No, she had better play their game.

"You can start off by fucking us again right now. And it better be good. Get that camera rolling Mikey".

Mikey switched on the camera and all four men surrounded Wendy, their cocks sticking in her face. 

"Do it bitch" barked Tony. "Suck our fucking cocks!" he yelled.

She took Sal's cock in her mouth and started sucking. The cock was soon rock hard and she was hardly able to get it into her mouth.

"Now get on all fours while we fuck you in the that sweet ass" said Tony.

She slowly complied and Tony mounted her from behind viciously thrusting his fat cock into her rich white-bitch asshole. She protested loudly and was slapped across the face. "Shut the fuck up whore!" The 9-inch cock was in her asshole to the hilt and Tony started thrusting it in and out with vicious intent whilst slapping her hard on the ass. Wendy soon started to push her hips back to meet Tony's demonic thrusts. 

Was she starting to enjoy it? Could she be?

Sal exploded his cum in her mouth and she gagged for a moment before Theo shoved his cock in. Mikey checked the camera and then got in for his share. He slid underneath her and buried his cock in her rich-bitch cunt. She was being sandwich fucked while she sucked on 2 cocks. The camera kept rolling.

Tony watched her and said to the guys "Boys I think we have ourselves a co-operative little fuck slave here"

Wendy was now thrusting her hips and greedily sucking on the hard cocks at her face like a street whore. She needed no coaching anymore. She was thoroughly enjoying it. The whole thing was captured on video.

The men continued to use her as their fuck-whore for another hour before they all collapsed from exhaustion.

It was 10.00pm by this stage and Tony turned and said to Wendy "Your first shift is about to start bitch, put these on". He threw her a tiny micro mini-skirt and a see-through boob-tube. He then ordered her to put them on. The skirt was so short that her cunt and asshole could be seen if she bent over slightly and her big tits showed right through the flimsy fabric which was her top. 

She looked like a street-slut and that was exactly what they had planned for her entire future. Yes, a rich stuck-up white bitch forced to suck cocks for $5 and take it up the ass for $10! They were the specific directions Tony had been given by his unknown, but highly paying, 'client'. Tony had been hired to set the whole thing up. He thought to himself: "She must have pissed someone off real bad".

She was ordered out to the car and made to run a short distance for the amusement of the men, her tiny skirt riding up to completely show her cunt and ass, her inner thighs wet from ther cum that still oozed from her well-fucked ass and cunt. 

She was pushed into the back seat between Sal and Mikey. Tony headed for the 'red light' district of Kings Cross where Wendy would meet her first customers for that night. There would be countless more.

At Kings Cross Tony stopped the car at a red traffic light and yelled out to a gang of 15 Lebanese youths beckoning them over to the car. 

"Guys, want a whore for the night? White bitch. Loves it in the ass. You guys love fucking Aussie bitches don't you?"

Several of the youths peered into the back of the car and checked out Wendy. 

"Good tits on that bitch. How much you asking bro?" 

"Hey, you guys can all fuck her for $50!" 

Wendy sat in the back of the car. She had been fucked by a lot of men and she was about to be sold to this gang of thugs for a lousy $50! But her cunt juices started to run. She couldn't help it. She wanted those 15 cocks bad! "What the hell has happened to me?" she thought "I am a cheap fucking whore!"

One of the guys slipped Tony the $50 and Wendy was ordered out of the car. Sal escorted her to a sleazy motel room that they had permanently booked for the night. Wendy was ordered to strip and to start sucking cocks. She diligently obeyed making crude slurping sounds with her mouth while she gave enthusiastic hand jobs to waiting guys.

Before long all the young guys had their cocks out waiting their turn to fuck the white whore. Huge amounts of cum splashed across her face and tits as cock after cock was serviced. She was ordered to take it in the ass and was soon being sodomised by each guy. Sal took photos. He even got in line for a blowjob and fucked her in the ass. She had such a tight ass!

After some 2 hours had passed the gang of youths, exhausted, packed up and left. "She is one cock-hungry whore bro!" one of them said to Sal as they left.

But Wendy's shift wasn't over for that night yet. Sal called Tony on his mobile phone and within 5 minutes the Mercedes pulled into the kerb. 

"I've just lined up another gang-bang for you bitch". Tony had been busy and arranged for Wendy to strip at a sleazy local dance club where she would then turn on a gang-bang for the entire audience. The fee? Tony sold Wendy for a lousy $40. The crowd? About 100 patrons with randy hard cocks eager to fuck her brains out.

Wendy's heart was racing and her well-fucked cunt and ass throbbed. She stunk of cum and globs of cum were sitting in her hair, but Tony wouldn't let her shower. She could only think of what 100 men could do to her. How much cum would she be sprayed with or forced to swallow?

To Be Continued...