 Goddam car! I kicked the bumper, managing a shot of pain in my toe.

I was barely 18, had had my driver's license just 5 days. I had used all of my tiny savings to pay for the 1950 Chevy business coupe. I wanted that car, it sat out there on the corner for weeks. I stopped by and looked at it every day, pretty light green, the tires seemed in good shape. It even got shinier every time I rode my bike over to look at it.

The old man sitting on the porch would just grin at me and throw me the keys, I touched the start button and the big inline six banger fired right up, settling down to a throaty throb.

It had two neat looking pipes coming out the back where someone had changed the exhaust system, and a special aluminum manifold with a bigger carb than stock sitting there.

Just a touch of the throttle and the engine would almost lay over on it's side.

I WANTED that car!

The price tag was high for the year and model, and $50 more than I had in the world. The old man wouldn't budge on the price, either. I know because I tried every day.

My job at Sam's Chevron paid 75 cents an hour, it was going to take me awhile. I was completely terrified that someone else would buy it before I could come up with the money.

I rode my bike the 20 miles every day to work, every day I rode the 20 miles back. Each way I stopped to look.

Then one morning the old man got up and came over to me.

"Got a job, son?"

"Yes, I work at Sam's over at the coast."

"Think I could trust you to make payments?"

"YES! I could pay $10 each week."

"OK, the car is yours but I keep the title until you pay it off?"

It was mine! No more riding my bike to work, I could take my girl friend Jill out instead of just sit on her porch with her folks looking out the window every 5 seconds. I had fantasies of touching her bare breasts, up until now all I had done was kiss her some and stroke the side of her bra through her blouse, she always let me do that.

I was in heaven the first day I drove my car to work. Sam saw me pull in, he just grinned. He came over and listened to the engine, looked it over.

"Got a little noise in there, what is that?"

That was when I noticed the deep knock, my mind flashed back to winding it out in each gear to as fast as it would go. I listened, it wasn't real loud but it was a new noise.

That worried me.

The next day the engine stopped as I reached the top of the first hill heading to work. There was smoke coming out, I tried and tried the start button but it just clicked. I let it roll back off the road, locked the doors and started to walk to work.

I was going to be late, I knew.

I heard a car coming, stuck out my thumb but it sailed on by. The 2nd car went by, slowed and stopped.

Great, a ride!

"Hop in the back." I looked at the driver, she was about 25 or so. There was another woman sitting in the front seat, and another in the back. They looked like college girls.

I hopped in, the woman in the back moved some bags to the floorboards to make room.

"Hi! I'm Sue, this is Sara, and Janet. She pointed first to Sara sitting on the passenger seat, then Janet who was driving.

"Hi, I am Danny."

"That your car back there?"

"Yes, it quit. I just got it, too."

Janet started the car and pulled out onto the highway, we rode along in silence for a mile or so.

Sue leaned forwards and said something to Janet I didn't quite catch. They all giggled and looked at me.

Sue leaned back, I glanced over at her and blushed when I realized her blouse was unbuttoned way down the front. I could see the upper swell of her left breast nestled in her lacey white bra cup.

She caught me looking, I blushed furiously, there was more skin showing there than I had ever seen in my life.

I felt her hand on my leg, way up high, felt my cock start to expand. I tried to stop that but her hand was right there, I mean RIGHT THERE!

"Sorry about your car." Sue patted my leg. Somehow she had gotten closer to me, too, my nostrils filled with the sweet smell of some kind of perfume.

I tried to make my mind go blank, stared out the window. I glanced back, Sara was peering over her shoulder, looking at my crotch which by now had a mind of it's own.

"Looks pretty good!" she said, and they all giggled.

I turned even redder if that is possible.

"God, he is bashful." Sue said, grinning at me. Her hand was still resting on my upper thigh, and she was gently squeezing it now.

"Go for it!" Janet said. Sue's hand moved, to right on the swelling in my groin. I almost jumped out of my skin.

"Oh my, he is nice and big." Sue said, I swear she licked her lips.

I had no idea what to say or do. Sue was leaning my way now, stroking my crotch. Her blouse had somehow came unbuttoned even farther. I was looking down into it, everything was bulging out, I could see the hint of the darker area at the top of her nipple.

Then she moved her shoulder and her left breast just slid into view, her nipple stood out all crinkled and hard. I just sat there in shock. Her hand was obvious now, she was stroking my full length.

Then I felt a motion as Sara turned and climbed over the back of the seat, squeezing in on the other side of me. Janet was driving slowly on the deserted highway now, watching in the rear view mirror.

I felt Sara reach down and fumble with my belt buckle, I reached down to stop her. Sue pushed my hands away, I looked at her and both of her breasts were out of her blouse, now undone all the way. I felt my pants give as Sara tripped first one button, then another, Sue was holding my hand by the wrist. She tugged and pulled my hand to her breast, it felt hot and I tried to pull back but she tugged even harder.

My groin suddenly felt damp, I looked down and saw the back of Sara's head as she engulfed me.

I was struggling but at the same time all of my instinct was to not hurt a lady so I really couldn't use all of my strength.

Sue reached down, I felt her left hand cradle my balls, she let out a sigh. I was still flashing from staring at her bare breasts and trying to get them to stop. Sue's hand squeezed gently on my testicles and I could not stop, I erupted into Sara's mouth.

I didn't notice the car turning, then pulling to a stop. Janet was sitting watching us, her top was open too, her smallish breasts visible over the top of the seat. Somewhere in there Sara became nude to the waist, then she squirmed and was nude except for a pair of white panties.

I had pretty much given up struggling. The door on Sue's side opened and she got out, coming around to climb back in on the passenger side front seat. I felt myself being pushed back, Sara was sliding up on top of me. I saw a mass of black hair between her legs, then she was on top of me, reaching down to grasp my still hard cock and hold it in position as she dropped down.

I was inside my first woman, my head was spinning. I felt my lower body respond with some kind of instinct, my hips began the thrust at her.

"That's it Danny! Fuck her, bang the shit out of her!" Janet muttered over and over, as Sue was busy doing something to her. I couldn't see because Sue's head was below the back of the seat.

I realized the back door was standing open, and my feet were hanging out the door as Sara continued to bounce up and down on me.

Then my head exploded, it was like when I did it to myself except much more intense. Sara let out a groan that sounded like I hurt her so I stopped pushing, but she squealed "NONONONO! Keep going!" so I did.

Finally Sara climbed off of me and lay back, she didn't bother to close her legs. I could see my sperm dribbling out, she reached down and spread it around, giving a little shudder as she did.

Then she slid off the seat, found a towel and wiped herself, and started to put her clothes back on. I lay there on my back, my pants down around my ankles, still in a daze.

"Hell, he is still hard!" I heard Sue exclaim. She climbed into the back and got on top of me, she was tighter than Sara, we pushed at each other for quite a bit.

Finally I felt her give, and she began to work her hips, her breasts dangling in my face. Sue orgasmed very quickly, letting out little "yiyiyi" sounds and moving her hips in little back and forth motions. I almost came again but she slid off me before I did.

Sue looked down at my erection, still jutting out of me and smiled.

"Now go fuck Janet!"

I meekly got up, almost fell down since my pants were still around my ankles. I stepped out of them, and still wearing my shoes I headed for the front seat.

Just then a car went by and I ducked down, but they didn't look our way. I realized we were only about 50 feet off the highway down a side road.

Then I looked in at Janet, she lay back on the front seat, she was naked, her legs open to me.

She also had a mass of jet black hair but it did nothing to hide her swollen lips, still wet and shiny from the licking she had obviously just recieved. Her nipples were hard as a rock, she lay there with her eyes closed.

I climbed in, slid up on top of her and pressed myself into her. She moaned but didn't open her eyes, she didn't even move her hips, just lay there and took it. I pressed as deep and hard as I could, finally her hips began to thrust back at me gently, then she went into a series of orgasms that lasted for a solid minute.

I was having some trouble reaching my own peak, and when I did it was like gentle waves of pleasure.

There was a blur of activity, then I was sitting in the back seat as we drove on towards the coast. It was almost like it didn't happen, we were all quiet.

We got to Sam's, Janet pulled up to the pumps as Sam came out. I got out as Sam said, "You are late."

"Yes, sorry, the car broke down."

Sam looked at the three women, then back at me.

Then he just grinned.

"I think I see." And he started to fill the tank. I went and got my uniform, went to work. Later we used Sam's tow truck to retrieve my car.

As we were headed back to the shop with the car on the hook, Sam asked me.

"What was that this morning?"

"I just hitched a ride."

"I will bet you did." he grinned.

"I will sure bet you did."