 Rick awoke and took a few seconds to get oriented. An uncomfortable bed, white, sterile-looking ceiling, a tube running out of his arm -- "I'm in the hospital!" he thought, as he looked around and saw his concerned daughter's face, alongside a man he didn't know.

"Evie, where am I?" he asked, trying to get comfortable and realizing he had a tube in his right side.

"You're in the hospital," she replied, moving close and taking his hand.

"Why?" was all Rick could ask.

"You're gallbladder ruptured while you were at my house Sunday, and we got you here. The doctors performed emergency surgery that night," his daughter answered. "This is Dr. Thomas."

All Rick remembered was having dinner with Evie at her apartment Sunday night, and experiencing a severe pain in his side. "What day is it?" he asked.

"It's Tuesday afternoon," the doctor answered, as he lifted Rick's gown and examined his side. "Your drainage tube is showing progress. Dr. Goodman is one of our best surgeons. She had a presentation to make at a conference, and I'm filling in for her for a few days. You should be able to go home in a couple of days."

Dr. Thomas left, and Rick looked at Evie, who still had a very concerned look on her face. "Oh, Daddy, I was so scared. You just collapsed!"

"Everything's OK now," said Rick, as he hugged his beautiful daughter. "I'll be back on my feet in a few days."

Evie left to go to work and Rick lay back, feeling drained from his brief exertion. He soon drifted off to sleep and was awakened by someone in his room. The blinds had been turned so that the room was dark, and Rick had trouble seeing the other person in the room.

"Who's there?" he asked.

"Oh, you're awake. It's Wednesday morning. I'm Nurse Cyn, and if you feel like it, I'm here to give you a sponge bath," said a soft voice.

"A bath would feel great," said Rick, as he tried to get up. He felt much better and was ravenously hungry. The nurse placed a soft hand on his chest and gently pushed him back down.

"I said a sponge bath. You're not strong enough to bathe yourself yet. Just lay back and relax. I do this all the time, and I assure you, it will be painless," said Cyn, as she began to untie the gown and expose his shoulders and torso.

Rick finally got a good look at the creature that was beginning to undress him. Her flowered smock was thin and snug across her ample breasts, and Rick could swear he saw her nipples move underneath the fabric. She flipped her mane of blond hair out of the way with ease, and Rick saw that she was absolutely gorgeous. Taking her time, Cyn acted the complete professional while she turned to arrange her bathing supplies. Rick saw that her pants were thin and stretched quite nicely across her shapely ass, with no hint of panty line.

Cyn washed his face with care, and moved her sponge to his shoulders. "You are in great shape," she said quietly. "Do you work out?"

He inhaled her perfume and realized it was new to him, and wildly exotic. "Yes," answered Rick, as she sponged his chest muscles and down his stomach. The warm water, along with hospital fluids, had given Rick the urge. "Um, Nurse Cyn, I need to go to the bathroom before you get any further. Would you help me up?" he asked.

"Certainly, Mr. Gaddis. I should have thought of that earlier," she told him, as she helped him to a sitting position, and gave him time to catch his breath. "Once, we get up, just lean on me,"

She took his left arm and placed it around her shoulders, sliding her right arm around Rick's upper back. Rick was very conscious of the pressure on his shoulder of Cyn's large breast. They managed to stand him up, and after steadying him, she led him to the bathroom. Rick's hospital gown had slid down his legs, and lay on the floor at the bed. Somewhat embarrassed, Rick told her to get it.

"Oh, it's OK. I'm about to wash down there anyway, and it will just get in the way. I see this every day. Do you need my support?" she asked.

"No, I'll be Ok," said Rick as his body took over. He pissed for what seemed like an hour. Finally empty, he called to Cyn, "I'm finished. Would you come and help me back to bed?"

"Sure. We can't have you passing out and falling," she said as she opened the door and reached by him to flush the commode. "Do you need some help wiping it off?" she asked, looking at Rick's dick for the first time. He could hear her sharp intake of breath a she saw his cock and realized how big it was, even in its flaccid state. Taking some tissue, Cyn gently blotted the head and resisted the urge to lead her patient back to his bed by his cock.

"Now, if you can stand here by the bed, I can wash your legs and rear end more easily." she said. They stopped at the bedside, and making sure Rick was steady, she washed his back, hips, and the backs of his legs. Turning him gently, Cyn washed down Rick's stomach and finally got to his cock, which by now, was semi-hard from having been touched by a sexy woman, her intoxicating aroma, and the time since his last sexual escapade. 

"Now, Mr. Gaddis, you can't be showing off to Nurse Cyn. I'm a professional, remember?" she said playfully. She had slid the warm sponge along the top of his ever-rising dick, and then used it to massage his balls and the underside. Rinsing the soap from the sponge, Cyn looked into his eyes and said, "It's a good thing I am a professional. It appears as if your workout regimen includes exercise for that tool." She had wrapped the sponge around Rick's dick and was gently stroking it.

"Sit down and I'll wash your feet," she said, as she knelt beside Rick's legs. The angle and her position gave Rick an interesting view down Nurse Cyn's V-necked top, and allowed him to see a lovely set of D-cup tits, almost to their nipples. Her movements caused the gorgeous orbs to swing gently and Rick's dick got even harder. A drop of precum oozed out his slit, and before he could wipe it off, the sexy nurse looked up and swiped it with her finger. 

Looking him in he eyes, she said softly, "You are one sexy man. I hope I can see you sometime in a non-professional setting." She gathered her supplies and left, leaving Rick with a raging hardon and some very sexy thoughts. Idly stroking his cock, he realized he was nude and needed to dress. He sat on the edge of the bed and pumped his dick with fervor, closing his eyes and thinking of Nurse Cyn and her incredible body. It didn't take him long to climax, and after cleaning himself, he was able to get a gown from the closet and dress himself.

Unknown to Rick, at the time he was jacking off to visions of Nurse Cyn, she had entered the nurses' bathroom and closed herself in a stall. She had barely gotten inside when her hands peeled off her pants and soaked thong, allowing her the freedom to easily slide two fingers into her wet cunt and stroke it enthusiastically. Using her other hand to massage her clit, she came in a matter of seconds. Already, Cyn was planning on making good her intentions to meet Rick in a more relaxed location.

Rick healed quickly, and was released on Friday. Evie helped him get home and situated, scurrying about like the proverbial mother hen. Rick finally told her, "Look, I'm OK. They wouldn't have released me if I wasn't."

Against Evie's wishes, Rick drove himself to his followup appointment with Dr. Goodman. He was feeling fine; his surgery wound having healed nicely, and was anxious to get the OK to return to work. Entering the office, Rick was pleasantly surprised to see the sexy nurse named Cyn at the desk. 

"Oh, hello Mr. Gaddis!" she said, appearing genuinely happy to see him. "You look very healthy. How's the side?"

"It's great and free of pain. There's no redness or soreness," Rick replied, taking her offered hand.

Cyn had him take a seat and went into the inner office. Rick took the opportunity to take in the intoxicating perfume on his hand. The memory caused his dick to stir, but Cyn reentered the room and held the door for him, saying, "Dr. Goodman will see you now."

Rick rose and went onto a very well-appointed office, furnished with exotic, dark wood furniture and paneling, along with soft lighting that complemented the décor. A statuesque blond woman was standing near the window, partially turned so that Rick couldn't see her face. He did notice her outstanding body, partially illuminated be the lighted windows.

"Dr. Goodman? I'm Rick Gaddis. I don't remember you, but I'm sure glad you are such a good surgeon," said Rick before he sat down.

When she turned to face him, Rick caught his breath. She could pass for Nurse Cyn's twin! The same glorious blond hair, the same proud tits, the same narrow waist, the same flared hips, the same long, exquisite legs -- Rick blinked in disbelief. 

Dr. Goodman extended her hand and said, "Yes, we're identical twins, and no, we never switch places. She has her talents, and I have mine. My name is Lyn."

Rick took the offered seat and Dr. Goodman sat behind her desk. When she folded her arms on the edge of the desk and leaned toward Rick, he noticed her large breasts moved freely on her forearms. 

"Cyn said you appear to have healed quite well," said Dr. Goodman. "I have a few questions, and then I'll need to check your surgery site."

After the questions, Dr. Goodman got up and walked around the end of the desk. Rick noticed her dress, which was slinky and formfitting, hugging every curve. It was modest in length and an exact replica of Cyn's dress, only a different color-pale blue on Cyn, deep burgundy on Lyn. Rick began to feel his loins stir, and tried not to stare. 

Dr. Lyn had him stand and remove his shirt, watching him intently for signs of soreness. She noticed immediately that what Cyn had said was true -- this man took very good care of his body. Examining the surgery site in her most professional manner, Lyn stood back and told Rick, "You're doing just fine. How do you feel?"

"Well, I haven't worked out since this happened, but I feel as if I could start back to work. It's not physically strenuous," said Rick, inhaling the fragrance of her perfume, and noted that it was different from Cyn's. "Well, I'm going to release you for half-days for a week. If that works out OK, you can go back full time," said Dr. Lyn, leaning back on the edge of the desk in front of Rick. Her skirt slid up and he could almost see the tops of her stockings. Lyn noticed his eyes, and parted her legs slightly.

Rick felt his dick begin to stir, and he shifted in his seat. Dr. Lyn, mildly amused and aroused, felt the time was ripe to take their doctor/patient relationship further.

"May I call you Rick?" she asked, drawing his eyes from her thighs.

"Certainly," he replied, aware that she had caught him admiring her silk-encased legs.

"Look, Rick, I'm not only a gastrointestinal surgeon; I'm a certified sex therapist. In fact, after I performed your surgery, I presented a study on male sexual response during middle age," Lyn said, easing back onto the desk, so that she was seated on it, directly in front of Rick.

Feeling like the proverbial deer in the headlights, Rick only looked at her, unable to say anything. Finally, she took the initiative and said, "Cyn told me you had a great response during the bath she gave you."

Rick, realizing what Lyn had said, and knowing she and Cyn had discussed his erection, finally spoke up and said, "I don't know what to say. Cyn gave me a sponge bath and I got an erection. She was very professional and did nothing special. I wouldn't want her to get in trouble."

A smile played across Lyn's lips as she said, "Oh, she won't get into trouble for the sponge bath. In fact, she told me she rather enjoyed it, and got even more pleasure when she got to the bathroom and masturbated."

Rick was finally getting the picture and when the look of understanding came over his face, Lyn said, "I think I'm getting through here. How do you feel about helping us with a little experiment on sexual response?"

Rick, while not shy at all, could see several complications in this scenario, and voiced concern. "Just what will this experiment involve, how far will we go, and who's going to get in trouble if we get caught?' he asked, almost without stopping.

Lyn thought for a few moments and finally answered, "Our research has shown that men in their middle to late forties often have trouble getting an erection without direct physical contact. We would be testing for that. If and when you get an erection, we would test for endurance. Finally, we are conducting a controlled laboratory test in my office, so when Cyn locks the door, we're safe. No one will get into trouble."

"Well, you've convinced me. What am I supposed to do?" asked Rick.

"Get comfortable, even if that means getting nude. It will be much easier to gauge your response if you don't have clothes in the way," said Lyn, as she buzzed Cyn and said, "Lock the door and come in here. Mr. Gaddis has agreed to help us in our research." 

Rick felt somewhat self-conscious, not knowing whether to strip there, or go into the bathroom. When Cyn came in, she noticed his indecision and said in a comforting voice, "You are welcome to use the bathroom. There are some towels in there, if you prefer, rather than coming back out nude."

"Thanks," said Rick, as he went into the bathroom to undress. Suddenly, it hit him -- he was going to be naked with two of the most desirable women he had ever seen, and they were going to try and get him aroused! "Damn! I should write a book!" he thought, as he pulled off his shirt, then his trousers. His dick was about half erect, and already filling out his briefs. When he slipped them down his legs and off his feet, his cock stood up, fully hard and very erect. He opened the door and stepped back into the office.

The lights had been dimmed, and the mellow glow was saturated with an exotic aroma coming from several lit candles. A bed had been moved to the center of the office. The bed was covered in a luxurious red satiny material, and the top had been tilted. Rick took this in almost subconsciously, as his full attention was directed to Dr. Lyn and Nurse Cyn.

Each had discarded her dress, and stood before him in open-cup bustiers, filmy, matching thongs, garter belts, black stockings, and extremely high heels. If Rick's dick wasn't hard before, it surely would be now. The two women's bodies looked like classic Greek statues. Perfect blond hair, framing flawless faces, flowed past their shoulders and framed the most gorgeous breasts Rick had ever seen. Each orb was larger than the palm of his hand, tipped by sensuous pink nipples that were standing at attention. Curving in at each waist, the bustiers ended just above the navel, and from there, his eyes traveled further downward. Gracefully curving hips were framed by garters that ended at the lace tops of silken, black stockings. The stockings encased very well-developed thighs and calves, sliding into those 'come-fuck-me' heels.

Rick was simply awed by the sensuality of the scene, even though Lyn was holding a pad and pen. Rick did have the presence of mind to tell them, "Look, I don't know what will happen here today, but I want you to know that you two are the most beautiful, sexy women I've ever had the pleasure of looking at."

"Why, thank you kind sir," said Cyn, as she moved o Rick's side and eased her arm in his. "Flattery will get you some excellent rewards in this office." She guided him to the bed and asked him to sit at the end, kneeling between his legs. 

"We need to take a few measurements for a benchmark. Since you already have an erection, this will be easy," said Cyn, as she produced a thin tape measure. 

"Ready Lyn?" she asked. Lyn had been gazing at Rick's cock, and really wasn't paying attention until Cyn woke her from her reverie. "Uh, oh, yes, I'm ready," she said as she moved closer to the bed.

Cyn had stretched the tape measure from the base of Rick's dick, to its head, and exclaimed, "Holy shit! 21.6 centimeters! That's by far the biggest one yet. And it's so big around! Damn! 19.9 centimeters around. Do you realize how much cubic space that cock could occupy?"

Lyn had written down the measurements and the thoughts entering her mind made her knees weak. "That cock can fill even my pussy," she thought, as she returned to her desk and started entering the figures in her computer.

"Well, do you want me to start, or what?" asked Cyn, having laid the tape measure aside, and eying the beautiful shaft before her.

"Let me get my stopwatch set," replied Lyn, as she reached into a desk drawer and set a stopwatch on the desk. After zeroing it, she told Cyn, "OK, Sis. Do that thing that you do so well."

Cyn had removed her shoes and sat on the floor, her face and shoulders still between Rick's parted thighs. Looking him in the eyes, she said, in the most seductive voice Rick had ever heard, "Remember Mr. Gaddis -- I'm a professional. I assure you that this will be pleasurable for both of us." With that, she took his dick by the base and held it reverently in front of her face. She gently blew underneath the head, and finally licked there, blowing again, giving Rick a cooling sensation. 

"That feel good?" she asked.

"Everything you do feels good," Rick answered sincerely.

"Well, I'm about to make it feel better!" she said, as she kissed his bulbous head, and licked around its rim, leaving it wet and glistening. Applying pressure with her hand holding his shaft, she caused the head to swell even bigger. It looked angry, as if it was about to explode. 

A drop of precum eased out his slit, and Cyn wasted no time in slurping it up. "Ummm, that's good," she said, licking her lips. "Let's get some more wet stuff out of that big, fat cock."

She immediately slid her lips over the head, and began working her way down the shaft, sucking as if she were eating a lollipop. Rick had never felt such a live mouth on his dick. Moving slowly, Cyn's soft, demanding lips wormed her way down his eight-inch shaft, her tongue helping in the mission as she slowly gobbled his cock into her mouth. She paused only briefly when it reached her throat and the next thing Rick knew, he was buried completely in the mouth and throat of Cyn, feeling her throat muscles caress his head, and pulling as if she could tug a load of cum out of it.

This thought entered Rick's head, and he thought, "Indeed she could pull a load from my balls with that suction." 

The bed was tilted so that Rick's feet were on the floor, his back supported and he was extremely comfortable. He finally reached down and took Cyn's head in his hands, as she reached up and began to caress his nipple, knowing that men love the feeling as much as women. Rick began moving Cyn's head back and forth gently. She took the hint and slid her head back until only his head remained in her mouth, then moving back until her nose touched his skin. Amazed, Rick could only enjoy what was turning out to be the best blowjob of his life. He cleared his throat and said, "Cyn, I've never had such a sexy blowjob. If you keep that up, I won't last long."

Dr. Lyn spoke up, "That's the point. She's such a good cocksucker that we use her to get the first climax out of the way. Then we can measure your response to visual stimulation, and get on with our research. Sometimes that gets interesting!" Rick noticed that Lyn was slightly flushed and assumed it was from watching her sister give a blowjob. What Rick didn't know was that when she had retrieved the stopwatch from her desk drawer, she had discreetly removed her flimsy thong, taken a vibrating egg from the same drawer, and inserted it into her pussy. Using the low setting, she was sailing along on a sensual high, unknown to either Rick or Cyn. 

Cyn had increased her speed and pressure on his cock, causing Rick to hold her head still and say, "I'm about to come. Either slow down or get ready."
