 I had suspected that my wife was having an affair for a while now, but I had no definite proof, just the feeling that she was getting her satisfaction elsewhere. For about six months now she had been less interested in sex, she was away from work when I called more often than she used to be. Also, I suspected that the affair was taking place in our own bed, as the sheets were being changed more often. I decided that I was going to find out, in the classic style, by catching her in the act.

We had been married for 12 years and we have been very happy together. Angela (my wife) had always been concerned with her weight, but I loved the way she looked and always reassured her that she was attractive. At 5 feet 8 inches she was not short, but her ample 40D bosom and wide hips gave her a voluptuous appearance, here shoulder length dark hair was not as long as it used to be, but I still liked it. Angela always attended office parties and often went out for nights with her ‘girl’ friends, so I presumed she had met somebody then.

I booked a week off work without telling Angela and each day left for work as normal and drove to a local park and waited. At dinner time I rang her office, for the first two days, she was there and we engaged in the usual small talk. On the third day I was told that she was out of the office on business, the unusual explanation I had been given that aroused my suspicions. I drove home wondering what, if anything I would find when I got there.

I parked my car in the next street and walked the rest of the way, when I turned the corner, I saw a car I recognised parked outside our house, it belonged to Jeff, the husband of Angela’s best friend Janet. My heart sank, how could she, in our house! I cautiously walked up to the front window of the house and peered around the edge of the living room window. Nobody was in sight. I then walked to the back of the house, my mind filled with images of Angela’s infidelity. Again there was no one visible through the back windows of the house. With my heart pounding in my chest I silently put my key into the lock of the back door and turned the key. Slowly, I opened the door and stepped into the kitchen.

Immediately I heard moans of pleasure coming from upstairs, I was right, although it gave me no satisfaction, Angela was having an affair. I crept to the bottom of the stairs and slowly started to climb them.

“Oh Yes,” I heard Angela’s voice gasp.

I stopped and realised that I was holding my breath. I exhaled as quietly as possible and continued up the stairs. As I reached the bedroom door, I found that it was half closed. I put my eye to the crack between the door and frame and received the shock of my life. There were three people on the bed, and to my total amazement they were all women.

Angela was lay flat on the bed, totally naked with here knees up and spread wide, between here legs was Janet, her best friend, making rhythmic movements with her hips, the third person was Paula, who was sucking on Angela’s right nipple and squeezing the other between her fingers. I stood transfixed, and did not know what to do or think of the scene before my eyes. My body made an immediate decision for me as my cock sprang to an instant erection.

“Go on Janet, fuck her hard, make here cunt twitch on your huge cock,” I looked down in disbelief at my cock as I heard Paula’s voice.

My head snapped up and I paid more attention to the details before me.

Paula, or what I could see of her, was wearing a basque that pushed here breasts up and together. Paula is about 5 feet 6 inches tall with a slim waist and wide hips but a very small chest, this was the fist time I had even noticed Paula has a cleavage, even though I had seen her in low cut evening dresses on several occasions. As I looked back into the room, Paula had already lowered her lips back onto Angela’s right nipple and all I could see was her short auburn hair waving from side to side as she moved her head around making loud sucking noises.

Janet was naked and still moving rhythmically between Angela’s spread legs and I could now see that she had a strap on cock fastened around her waist. Janet is about the same build as Angela but with wider hips that made here look pear shaped, her dark permed below shoulder length hair was spilling forwards hiding her face and gently brushing over Angela and Paula as she carried on fucking my wife. Angela clutched at the bed sheets and moaned.

“Oh god, I’m coming,” she spasmed and thrust her hips upwards at Janet, after a few seconds of moaning, she relaxed her body and Janet stopped thrusting into her.

“I’ve got to have some of that,” Paula said and started to climb onto the bed next to Angela. Janet pulled back from Angela and I got my first sight of the strap on that Janet was wearing and couldn’t believe my eyes. The strap on was jet black, over ten inches long and must have been as wide as my wrist.

“No Paula, you ride me, I want to suck on your tits while you get fucked,” Janet said as she rolled over onto her back.

Paula adjusted her position and squatted over the huge cock strapped to Janet. Slowly she positioned the head of the ebony shaft between the lips of her cunt, which I noticed was completely shaven, and rubbed it up and down a few times before starting to push down. Angela reached over putting her hand around the base of the fake cock, stopping Paula from fully impaling herself on the shaft.

“You bitch,” hissed Paula. “You know I want all of it.”

She started to move up and down on the shaft pushing her cunt lips onto Angela’s hand with every down thrust. Angela shuffled closer and placed her head on Janet’s stomach, Paula’s body obscured my view, but I soon found out what was going on.

“Oh yes, lick me, oh….,” Paula’s voice trailed off as she continued to bounce up and down on the monster strap on. 

I was transfixed, I couldn’t believe my eyes. Angela had always been very reserved about sex, never admitting to any fantasies, or expressing any desire for any kind of oral sex. Yet, here she was right before my eyes, having just been fucked by a huge black false cock and now licking another woman’s cunt. Despite my amazement, I was extremely turned on. This was my greatest fantasy, my wife with another woman. I had never told Angela this, she would have been disgusted, or so I thought. I reached down, unzipped my trousers and started to stoke my very erect cock.

Without warning Angela’s hand vanished from around the base of the strap on and Paula suddenly plunged down on to an extra 3 inches of black cock.

“Oh god yes,” Paula moaned as she filled herself fully for the first time.

Immediately Paula increased her pace and on every down thrust she let out a low groan. Angela leaded back, allowing Janet to pull Paula down towards her and push Paula’s nipples out of the basque so that she could start sucking on them. Angela moved around so that she was lay along side the pair and started to stroke Paula’s exposed ass cheeks. As Paula kept up her pace and started whimpering from the combined attention of Janet’s tongue, teeth and lips on her nipples and the strap on in her cunt, Angela started to slide her fingers over Paula’s puckered anus.

I was now masturbating my cock faster as I watched Angela slide her fingers around the huge shaft ploughing its way into Paula’s cunt and the to my total disbelief, slipped one finger up to the first knuckle into Paula’s anus.

“Yes, fuck my arse Angela, oh god that feels so good,” Paula yelped as she paused in her thrusting and swayed her hips in a circular motion.

Angela took the opportunity to slip another finger up Paula’s anus, twisting and thrusting at the same time.

Paula turned her head towards Angela. “Double fuck me Angela, don’t tease me with fingers.”

As I continued to stroke my cock, Angela got off the bed and opened the beside cabinet and took out an array of dildos and vibrators finally selecting an enormous double ended dildo that must have been eighteen inches long. Climbing back onto the bed Angela placed one end of the dildo at the lips of her cunt and slowly started to push it into herself, throwing her head back and opening her mouth wide as the head penetrated deeper into her. Once half of the dildo was in Angela moved over and arranged Janet’s legs so that they were together and knelt astride them. The head of the dildo protruding from Angela’s cunt was now lined up with Paula’s anus, Angela reached out and wiped some of Paula’s cunt juice onto the head of the dildo and pushed it against the pink puckered flesh of Paula’s anus.

As the dildo head pushed forward Paula’s head snapped up, “Push it in, go on fill my arse with that cock.”

Needing no more prompting Angela pushed forwards until about half the dildo was buried up Paula’s rectum, she stopped and pulled back and then thrust forwards again until her pelvis was pressed against Paula’s arse cheeks. Janet pushed her hips up and smiled at Paula.

“How does that feel, are you really full.” Angela thrust her hips falling into time with Janet’s thrusts from below.

Paula tossed her head back and moaned, “You two are so good at this, oh god, slap me Angela.”

It was obvious to me know that this little menage a trois had been going on for quite some time, they were very at ease with each other and knew just what the others wanted from them. I pumped my cock faster now as Angela raised her hand and brought it down flat on the right cheek of Paula’s arse.

“Mmmm, do it again, please don’t stop,” Paula was now breathing heavily as the two dildos ploughed into her.

As Angela’s hand again slapped Paula’s arse, she squealed and arched her back and then juddered as she let out a series of low moans and finally slumped onto Janet’s chest.

“Come on Angela, lets leave her to recover,” Janet’s voice was muffled from underneath Paula.

Angela pulled back and slipped the dildo from her cunt, leaving a rather strange sight of nine inches of dildo protruding from Paula’s arse. Gently the two women rolled Paula from on top of Janet and laid her on her back on one side of the bed. I couldn’t tell if Paula was unconscious or sleeping, but she let out one or two whimpers while she was being moved.

Angela remained knelt between Janet’s legs and started to lick the strap on, seeming to delight in the taste of her own and Paula’s cunt juices mixed together. After a few moments, she unsnapped the dildo leaving the harness around Janet’s waist and offered the dildo to Janet. Angela moved up Janet’s body licking and kissing from her groin up to her breasts and then kissing her full on the lips. I could tell from the movement that their tongues were exchanges juices just licked from the dildo.

This was all to much for me and I quickly had to grab a handkerchief from my pocket to catch my spunk as I erupted and spasmed repeatedly biting my lip to stop myself from crying out. When I looked back into the bedroom, Angela had moved back down Janet’s body and was inserting a finger into Janet’s cunt as Janet continued to suck on the dildo. I marvelled at the sight of Janet swallowing over half of the dildo effortlessly. Angela now started to lick on Janet’s clit while continuing to finger fuck her. Slowly Janet started to moan, as she seemed to get more of the dildo down her throat. Angela slipped another two fingers into Janet’s cunt and pushed them in as far as she could.

Janet removed the dildo from her mouth and moaned deeply, “Fuck me Angela, stuff me full, oh yes.”

Angela put a fourth finger in and glanced at Janet. “Should I go for it?”

“Yes, fuck me, fill me up,” Janet mumbled as she arched her back

I didn’t know what was meant by these remarks but as I continued watching, Paula seemed to be recovering and clearly understood what had been meant.

“Yes, do her Angela,” Paula said as she knelt up and grasped Janet’s right leg behind the knee.

Paula lifted Janet’s leg up and Angela lifted the other leg with her free hand. Angela moved onto her knees without removing her fingers from Janet’s cunt and started to move them more vigorously. Without warning Angela moved her thumb so that it was in the palm of her hand and thrust forwards. I was amazed, Angela now had her entire hand inside Janet, with Janet’s cunt lips gripping her wrist.

Angela started to move her hand inwards and outwards with a twisting motion. Paula changed her grip to Janet’s ankles and straddled her face and lowered her cunt to Janet’s lips.

“Fuck her harder Angela,” Paula hissed between clenched teeth, “The bitch is licking my cunt and fucking my arse.”

I could just make out Janet’s arm disappearing behind Paula and realised that she must be using the dildo Angela had left in her.

Despite my recent climax my cock started to rise again as Janet started to moan and slurping noises started to emanate from her cunt. Janet’s back and buttocks tensed, at the same time, Paula lifted up from Janet’s face.

“Oh god, I’m coming.” Paula fell sideways off Janet’s face, but Janet maintained a grip on the dildo and kept pumping into Paula’s arse hole with it.

“Keep fucking me Angela that was just a little one.” Angela kept pumping her fist into Janet sweat starting to bead on her back.

Paula crawled out of sight behind Angela and yelped as the dildo popped out of her anus, Janet reached up and grasped her ankles and pulled them lower almost folding herself in half. A few moments later Paula knelt up on the bed wearing the strap on dildo and crawled up behind Angela.

“I’m going to fuck you while you fill Janet’s cunt with your fist,” said Paula teasingly.

Angela willingly moved her hips to give Paula easier access, within moments Paula placed the head of the dildo against Angela’s cunt lips and pushed.

“Do my ass as well Angela,” Janet was holding her ankles and breathing heavily as Angela sucked two fingers and pushed them up Janet’s anus.

Angela looked over her shoulder at Paula, “Fuck me hard, oh god, fuck me hard.” 

I was again stroking my cock as I watched in amazement as Paula pulled the dildo from Angela’s cunt making her gasp.

“Put it back, please fuck me hard,” Angela begged.

“Oh I will,” Paula placed the head of the dildo against Angela’s anus and pushed. 

Angela yelped and arched her back, in shock I gasped as the dildo went halfway up Angela’s arse hole in one fluid motion.

Paula’s head snapped round immediately, “Who’s there?”

All three women froze and starred at the doorway. My cover blown I hurriedly put my cock back in my trousers and stepped into the bedroom. The scene before me was almost comical, my wife was knelt up in the centre of our bed with her hands buried in Janet’s cunt and arse hole with a ten inch black dildo halfway up her own arsehole.

“Hi,” my first words were rather lame and fell on a stunned audience. I rallied with, “Don’t let me disturb you!”

Angela started to speak but decided to remove her hand from Janet’s cunt first. Janet unable to control herself moaned and juddered to an orgasm.

“How long have you been here,” Angela asked with the dildo still up her arse.

“About fifteen minutes,” I replied.

Paula pulled the strap on out of Angela’s anus and sat back on the bed.

“I’m sorry Alan, we’ll be going, come on Janet let’s go.”

“No don’t leave, I want to talk to all of you,” I replied.

“Don’t be annoyed Alan, this is entirely my fault,” Angela started to explain.

“I’m not annoyed,” I replied, “I am delighted, this is my greatest fantasy. I have dreamed about you in bed with another woman for years and now here you are with two.”