 Still cooling from our first hard fucking, Salue was ready to go again when she asked for my "services" again. Unfortunately, I couldn't do it just yet and could barely move, I was so content. Salue, it seemed, had hungrier appetites than I did, or at least could revive quicker than I could.

"Get up," she demanded. Those beautiful breasts bounced when she put her hands on her hips. She was on her knees, kneeling over my nearly dead body. 

"Can't," I muttered into the pillow. She reached for me, but withdrew when a wicked smile grew across her freckled face.

"If you won't get up, I'll bring in Mizuki."

"As long as Mizuki isn't a big black man with a taste for white ass, I'm not getting up."

She stared at me for several seconds before throwing her head back, laughing hard. She bent over on the bed, clutching her belly and looking at me several times before bursting into laughter again. Finally, wiping the tears away from her eyes, she calmed.

"No, Mizuki is your other permanent girl."

"You're pretty accepting of this whole harem/girlfriend thing, aren't you?"

She huffed. "Why not? I get fucked all day long by a guy with a big cock, pay off college and can get my masters."

"Your masters?" I tried not to glow at the big cock comment. I really did.

"In psychology. I want to help people."

It appeared Salue was not only a nymphomaniac with a potty mouth, but she apparently had a good side.

"Anyway," she drawled. "If you won't fuck me now, I'm going to have fun with someone else."

"Have fun," I mumbled, rolling over. 

She sniffed delicately and picked up the phone near the bed on the nightstand.

It seemed almost instant that someone knocked at the door and Salue was squealing with delight, leaping off the bed and answering it. I curiously looked up after rolling back on my back and was astounded by yet another example of the selection of women from the dirty old man. He really had good taste.

Mizuki was the polar opposite of Salue. Mizuki looked like a delicate Japanese doll, with long silky black hair, pale skin and dark eyes. Dressed in a white robe, she looked the image of innocence as long legs peeked out from her clothes, gliding elegantly across the room to the seat of the bed. She sat down and I could see the red of her full lips out of the corner of my eye. While she was no where nearly as busty as her sunny counterpart (I doubt anyone could be), her breasts were larger than most Asian women's and perky. I could feel my cock stirring with renewed interest at the idea of this beautiful exotic woman with Salue and with me. The mixture of hot passion with sweet innocence was intriguing.

"Good evening Phel," she murmured, her voice sweet and low.

"Ah, your name is Phel?" Salue asked, surprised.

I glared at her. "It's clear you don't ask for names."

She glared back, crossing her arms beneath her generous naked breasts. "I thought it was Astrophel."

"It is. But Astrophel sounds like some weird lube, so I go by Phel."

Mizuki chuckled and Salue smiled.

"Well," she began with an arrogant smile, looking meaningfully at Mizuki. "If you're too tired to fuck me again, I think Mizuki and I can think of things to do."

I raised a brow. "You're bi?"

"Who isn't?" she countered.

"A lot of people," I replied dryly.

She smiled and placed an arm around Mizuki's robe, lowering it so I could see a peek of her pink nipple, which was hard with arousal.

"Well, I am," she purred. Apparently, Mizuki had a taste for both sexes as well. Salue turned her around and began to lower her robe to her waist, kissing her chest with small pecks. Mizuki moaned softly, squirming on the bed. 

I didn't dare move as I watched this new scene unfold. I had seen plenty of women making out and having sex - but that was on porn tapes, not in real life. In real life, I had seen maybe twice two girls kiss, and it was just a quick peck to cock tease a room full of drunk men. This was much better.

Finally, Salue had Mizuki's robe off and she was perfectly nude. Her stomach was flat and her legs were as long as I had thought they were upon first glimpsing them when she moved. Her pussy wasn't perfectly shaved like Salue's but trimmed - yet another contrast to her lover. 

Salue laid her on the bed - this bed had to be two king sized beds pushed together, so it was more than enough room for me to be far enough away to observe comfortably and give them plenty of room to go at it - and paused, getting up from her spot and going to the closet and returning with a bag, laying it at the footrest on front of the bed. She chuckled at Mizuki's confused expression and offered no explanation, instead moving to her side and kissing her softly and sweetly, grasping a breast in hand and massaging it before tweaking a nipple. Mizuki gasped, moaning softly and pressed herself closer, wrapping her arms around Salue's neck and kissed back, shyly licking her lips with her tongue. Before long, Salue moved a hand down to Mizuki's pussy, rubbing her clit lightly as their kiss grew more passionate, each breathing heavily as they nipped at each other, licking and sucking on skin and lips. 

She cried out and arched her back into her touch, writhing and eagerly sucking on the fingers she slipped into her mouth, Salue now sucking on her perky breasts, moving from one nippled to the other. My cock was hard, watching this scene as Salue slipped two fingers into Mizuki's pussy and withdrew them, licking her fingers of her glistening juices. Taking her hand out of Mizuki's mouth, she reached to the side and pulled out a purple vibrator shaped with painstaking detail of a penis, right down to the veins and turned it on with a devilish grin as it buzzed quietly. Mizuki cried out in protest, but they fell on deaf ears as Salue applied the vibrator to her clit, making her arch her back in extreme pleasure, screaming and crying out for more. The vibrator began to glisten and shine under Salue's ministrations and she inserted the realistic head into Mizuki with a single surprising push. She cried out and thrashed on the bed, grasping her breasts in her hands and widening her legs.

"Ah, no my pet. I can't let you fuck this little piece of plastic and come on it when there's a perfectly willing man with a huge cock right here."

Mizuki looked at me with passion darkened eyes, watching me with a discerning eye that was curious and lustful. I more than met her approval.

"But you have to suck his cock," Salue smiled. Mizuki smiled back and crawled across the bed erotically, her breasts swaying with each movement before she ripped the covered away from me, uncovering my half hard cock.

"Mm, he looks very big," she sighed happily, attempting to wrap a delicate hand around the base and finding the fingers not meeting. She cooed with excitement and began to lick the head, massaging my balls with an expert hand. I stared with shock at the sight of the demure innocent giving me a blow job and looked incredulously at Salue, who was sucking on the head of the vibrator with a wicked look in her blue eyes. She grinned at me and shoved the head into Mizuki's wet pussy, who screamed around my cock but began to suck eagerly on the rest of it.

"That's right slut, suck him while you fuck plastic. Suck his cock," she purred, watching Mizuki's ass sway side to side and beg for more. 

Her lips were heaven around my cock, licking at first shyly before she began to suck on the head, moving a warm hand around the base as the other continued to play with my balls, scratching the skin lightly with her nails. I shivered as she began to suck more and more of me into her mouth, tiny dimples appearing in her cheeks as she sucked and applied her tongue to the underside. She was moaning softly as Salue continued to push the head in and out of her wet pussy, which was making sopping wet noises at this point. The blonde smiled and removed the vibrator and applied her mouth, drinking in her juices. Mizuki removed her mouth from my cock to scream out loud, but then moved to attack her new oral fixation with vengeance, licking hard and sucking on the head like it was a popsicle that had a few drops of sugar juice left in it. I groaned and felt my head throw back, unsure how long I could hold out before Salue dragged Mizuki away from me, kissing her passionately from behind. She moaned into her lover's mouth, grinding her pussy against the blonde's thigh with need.

"Mm, he tastes so good on you. You want his cock in your little pussy, don't you?"

"Ah, yes! Yes! I want it!"

"Want who? Want what?"

"Phel's cock! Please-"

Salue smiled and pressed her stomach onto the bed, her thighs wide and her pussy glistening with arousal.

Somehow, I got the feeling Salue was playing with all of us.

"Mm, spread your little thighs wider Mizuki. That's it," she began to finger her again, testing her wetness and slipped her finger into her mouth, sucking on it greedily. "That's how you taste you little slut. I bet you want his cock in there, don't you?" she teased, taking my cock head and brushing it against her slit. Mizuki moaned and attempted to press it into herself, but Salue wouldn't have it and moved it away from her needy hips.

"Say it."

"Please-"

"To him!"

Mizuki looked at me and moved her hands to her ass, spreading the cheeks wide and showing off her perfect pussy and asshole.

"Please fuck me," she begged. I could see Salue smile as she grasped my cock and shoved me into her.

She screamed and shivered and the sensation of her too-tight pussy around my cock was too much. I began to thrust up into her mindlessly, lost in the sensation of her wrapped around me as I continued to move hard into her, the slap of flesh on flesh loud as my balls bounced against her hard with each plunge of my cock into her. I leaned down and began to play with her breasts, my cock going even deeper into her as my hands were filled with her breasts, her nipples hard against my palm. She was moaning, screaming and shivering with each thrust, begging for more, begging for it to be harder, begging for me to never stop.

Salue smiled and leaned back, in front of Mizuki, spreading her legs wide and moving her hand down to spread her pussy lips open for her.

"Lick my pussy you little slut," Salue commanded and she eagerly set to work, licking deeply of all the cum I had left in her and swallowing greedily, moaning at the taste as I continued to fuck her, lost in the sensation of her and the image of the girl I was fucking going down on another hot girl who was moaning, grasping her breasts in her hands and talking dirty again.

"Ah, fuck her! That's right, bruise that little pussy of hers. You want it, don't you?" She screamed as she climaxed, watching Mizuki cry out with her own orgasm, causing my own. I thought Salue had taken every last drop from me - I was wrong. Mizuki took everything else as she milked me for what I was worth, my seed dripping out of her tight pussy and smearing across her milky-white thighs as I withdrew my softening cock out of her with a pop. Mizuki lay panting before getting up to collapse at my side with exhaustion, curling close to me. Salue crawled across the bed and curled to my other side with a satisfied smile. 

"Mm, if this is what every night is going to be, I'm going to enjoy you Phel." Salue purred.

Mizuki smiled against my arm. "Mm, I can't wait either."

***

Will write more for comments and awesome scores.

See you next chapter!