 I had just finished work when I received the phone call from Dave asking for a ride home after a night out. It was in the area so I thought why not. 

 As I pulled up I saw him stood with Siobhan. She was an old friend from high school. We had a couple of drunken kisses but nothing more and that was a long time ago. He hadn't mentioned being out with her so it was a bit of a surprise to see her. She normally texts if she is out and hadn't tonight. She was wearing a blue wrap dress which came to just above her knees and black leggings.

 Siobhan was little over 5 foot tall. With dark brown curly hair that came down to the middle of her back. She had these green eyes that could look into your soul and know exactly what you were thinking. She was chubby but still very attractive at least in my eyes. Blessed with big boobs that drew your attention, they looked even bigger on her small frame.

 We just clicked. Same sense of humour and we could and did talk about anything. Some of conversations would be pure filth but that was the friendship that had formed between us.

 "Look who I stumbled into on my way down to meet you" Dave said as he clambered into the front seat.

 "Hey Alex, are you sure you don't mind me jumping in with you? I know I live a bit out of your way."

She had been out with her friends and was on the way to get a taxi home when she ran into Dave. I could tell they had both been drinking but were not drunk.

 Obviously I hadn't known about driving her home but had no issues with it. As she slid into the middle seat she came into sight in the rear view mirror. She looked great. The only makeup she wore was dark green eye shadow to bring out her eyes.

 "Seat belts on. Safety first" I joked before pulling away from the pavement. The drive would take about 20minutes. Siobhan lived out in the countryside. It was quite remote considering the short drive from the city.

 As we made the journey they both filled me in on how their night had gone and where they had been. I was a bit jealous as they both seemed to have had a great night whilst I was in work. Dave was telling us about a girl he had been chatting up all night only to strike out.

 "She was all talk, said all the stuff I wanted to hear but had no intention of following through with any of it." I felt a bit sorry for him because I know that feeling. Siobhan just said she didn't like girls like that. Why play games she said. Shouldn't say things if you don't mean them. She had always been the same. I think that's another reason why we got on so well, if she said something she meant it.

 "Did you have any luck tonight then?" Dave asked hoping to hear some details of Siobhan's debauchery.

 "No, I was out with the girls tonight so that wasn't big on our list. We just wanted to catch up have a drink and a dance."

 " Yeah yeah, I have seen you dancing. There is no way you didn't have a group of guys around you lot. Especially wearing that dress." I chimed in giving her a little smile in the mirror. She looked down into her cleavage and just smiled back knowing what I was teasing her about.

 As we pulled up to her house there had been the usual flirtation between the three of us. Dave kept turning around to look at her and until I turned around to say goodnight I didn't know why. Her seat belt had nestled between her boobs which pulled her dress almost skin tight. I had to stop myself from talking straight into her cleavage.

 "How much do I owe you Alex?"

 "Nothing, don't worry about it. I'm sure you will repay the favour at some point. "I wasn't about to take money off her. She has driven me home in the past without taking any money. She undid her belt and leant forward to give us both a quick kiss on the cheek goodbye.

 "I cannot believe you are not going to give him anything for driving you all the way out here."

 "Dave I tried to pay him but he wouldn't take any money."

 "Well you could always flash him as payment."

I did not see that coming at all. The drink had obviously gone to his head. No words left my mouth as I was waiting her to give him a joking slap or something. He looked at her with a daring smile to see how she reacted.She didn't even flinch at the dare. 

 "If Alex wants me to flash all he has to do is ask." Now I had never seen her naked or even less than fully dressed. I was totally stunned. For the first time in nearly 30 minutes there was silence in the car.

 I felt like asking if she was serious but I replayed her comment from earlier about not saying stuff if you don't mean it.

Pretending to be the calmest I have ever been when in reality my heart was in my mouth I replied. 

 "I'd love to see you flash. But you don't have too if you don't want to." She looked at me with the most mischievous look I have ever seen. I wasn't going to turn this down. She wriggled on the seat causing her cleavage to dance. Dave thought she was getting out the car so offered to turn around if that would make it easier for her to do it. He hadn't seen her already moving her hands to her chest.

 Siobhan let out a giggle as she said ok turn around. She would have let him watch as well but if he offered then it's his loss. She was pretending to be shy in front of Dave. I'm not sure why he even started this if he was not going get to see. I guess he was hoping she was going to say she didn't mind.

 My mouth was dry and my heart rate was rapidly increasing. It's not like I hadn't seem boobs before but this just seem different. This was Siobhan that I had known for so many years. Even though we never got together she was always knew how to get my attention and I had no problem with it at all. I know some people would see her as fat but her curves where a real turn on for me.

 There were no street lights but a little light on her garage. The temptation to turn the inside car light on was immense. I didn't know if the dim light was what was giving her this confidence to do this or the drink but I wasn't going to risk finding out. 

 The top of her cleavage glistened as I undid my belt so I could turn to see the show.

Her hands moved over her chest as her fingertips slipped inside of her top and began the agonisingly slow movement of pulling the neckline of the top out of the way.

 She had on a silver bra with had a blue lace trim around the edges. I just wanted to rip that thing off her. The size of the bra made it difficult to pull down so she reached in each cup and pulled her boobs out individually.

 The darkness was so evil to me at this point. She put one hand on each of the front seats which blocked out even more of the light. Here she was topless and I could only really see the outline of her heaving chest.

 That was still an impressive sight as they looked massive but didn't seem to sag at all. Even with the lack of light I could tell her nipples where hard. God I wanted to see them in all their glory.

 "That's enough now" she said as she leaned back to pull herself together. For a moment the light shone in my favour and I got a glimpse in the light. But nowhere near enough for my liking. Dave turned around just as she got her bra back into position.

 "Fucking Hell Shay they are huge" Dave almost screamed as he looked. We all just burst out laughing. She covered up and sat back up. I smiled at her and didn't really know what to say I was still in shock at what just happened and very turned on.

 "Thanks that was hot" was all I could muster.

 "Are you in a rush to get home or would you like to come in for a drink?"

 Dave was already opening the door before I could answer. I guess we are coming in for a drink. I turned the engine off and caught my breath before stepping out. As I turned and close the car door Siobhan was in front of me. She gave me a hug and a quick peck on the lips and said thank you for the ride.

 As our lips touched I felt a familiar twinge in my groin. Control yourself I thought watching her walk to her front door. Definitely swaying her backside for me knowing I'm an ass man from our conversations over the years.

 They both had a couple of drinks as we chatted away. The subjects of the conversations were getting more sexual based as the alcohol flowed. I was driving so obviously wasn't drinking but I was still getting caught up in the mood with them. 

 Dave and Siobhan both knew pretty much everything about me, but those two were not so close. Better for the situation that it was those two drinking losing inhibitions and all that.

 Dave never was one to shy away from sharing his stories so I was a bit worried he would talk about our holiday. But he kept it to himself and just spoke about his likes and dislikes while asking Shay all kinds of questions about her preferences. 

 It had been while since she got laid. The guy was awful as well she told us how she had to keep stopping to suck him to get him hard again. Not that she minded giving bj's but she needs to get a good fucking too. The sex talk was getting us all horny.

 "It's been too long since I got a good bj or even seen a good pair of tits." I could tell where Dave was going with this and I was interested in seeing if she was felling the same way. I looked at Dave and could see his eyes where locked straight on Shays boobs.

 This talk had obviously had the same effect on both of us. With her leaning into me I have a great view down into the depths of her cleavage again. As Shay breathed in she pushed her chest out knowing full well she has both of us jumping at the bit to see more.

 I don't know if it was the drink or the attention she was getting from us but almost in one motion she was upright and unwrapping her dress.

 "Holy shit" came from both our mouths as we took in the events unfolding in front of us. Shay was stood in leggings and bra with one side of her wrap dress in each hand holding it wide open.

 This revealed so much more than I had seen in the car. Leggings gripping tight to her thighs like a second skin not hiding anything. She had a belly on her but nothing diminished how sexy the curvaceous Siobhan was.

 "How are they even staying in that bra?" Dave asked watching her breast heave out the top of the bra.

 "I'm not sure but they definitely look like they want to be free of it."

 A sexy giggle escaped from her again at my comment as she turned her back to us seductively looking over her shoulders and she unclipped the back of the bra. 

 I was totally distracted looking at her ass in those leggings. They were so tight it showed the outline of the top of her thong, right down to the point it disappeared between her fat cheeks. These leggings had to go. But I didn't want to push her too far. I should have known by now that wasn't going to happen. She was into this as much as us.

 Leaning forward slightly the straps of the bra slowly slid down her arms to her hands. She held it up at her side displaying it to us. She was putting on one hell of a show. We were waiting bated breath for her to do that 180 spin.

 It felt like the world was turning faster that she was turning to face us. My heart was thundering in my chest and my mouth dry as a desert waiting with anticipation. Dave looked like a lion preparing to pounce on his prey, eyes wide open.

 Swaying her hips in time to the music as she pressed her chest trying to stay covered. My cock started twitching for the second time tonight because of Shay. I wanted her so bad right now.

The tension in the room was unbelievable.

 Without uncovering her tits, she took a couple of steps towards us on the sofa and turned her back to us again. Bending at the hip she moved her hands to the top of her leggings and began the tantalising action of peeling them down over her fat ass and down to her feet. The underwear was a matching set, her thong not hiding much as she was touching her ankles.

 I was mesmerised by the view right in front of me but Dave being a boob man was moving himself so he could get a view of those epic tits. She sensed him moving and decided to sit back down between us. Putting a hand on Dave's thigh finally giving him the sight he had been after since the car. 

 I really thought her boobs would sag more with being so big but they really didn't. I wouldn't have believed they were real because they looked perfectly shaped and pert.

 Reaching behind her she put her hand on my crotch. I don't know if she meant to but she now knew how hard she had me.

 "I think it's time you two even things up a bit" said in her most seductive voice. Without hesitation Dave jumped up and started undoing his belt and dropped his pants. He was naked within seconds it seemed. It shocked Shay but she started this so she was expecting this at some point.

 Eye level with his cock she reached out and studied it.

"This will do nicely. You are rock hard already for me Dave." He lurched forward and I thought he was aiming for her mouth but he had other ideas first.

 He grabbed her tits and wrapped them round himself. Dave wasn't small in the cock department but he was engulfed by her huge chest He tried to start moving but the friction was too much without lube.

 Shay got up and said come with me grabbing him by the cock and leading him away. I just watched in disbelief at what this night had turned into.

Stopping in her tracks she turned and looked at me without releasing her grip on Dave's manhood and asked if I was coming. 

 I don't think I've ever moved as fast as I got to my feet. Our cocks were definitely doing the thinking for us at this point. Stripping as I followed them down the hall to her bedroom.

 Sitting both of us down on the end of her bed she walked around to the bedside table and in the bottom draw she pulled out some lube. Next to the lube was a vibrator which I spotted.

 "Are you going to use that for us and put on a real show?"

 "We will see what happens. Looks like I have to real life ones to play with for now. I see you two aren't shy around each other." If only she knew I thought to myself but inwardly praying Dave wouldn't say anything. 

 I turned to look at him and he was just sat there staring at Shay and stroking himself. Thank god he only has eyes for her tonight.

 Still only in her thong Shay moved Dave's knees apart and pushed his shoulders down so he was lying back on the bed with his legs over the side.

 Popping the cap on the lube she poured some out onto the rock hard member in front of her and then on to her tits. They looked immense all oiled up. Leaning into him she wrapped him back up between those monsters, this time there was no friction and so began the fucking of her tits.

 Watching this was extremely hot but I was getting a bit jealous. I looked past Shay and saw her backside bent over in the reflection of the mirror on her wardrobe. Her whole body rippled with each thrust of his cock between her tits.

 I got up and moved behind her. Putting my thumbs in either side of her thong I pulled it down. I was now eye level with her ass. She was totally bald. That was obviously groomed recently.

 There was no objection from her and I put my hands on each cheek and spread them displaying her in all her glory. I literally stuck my whole face is her ass as I started licking at her pussy.

 She was dripping wet before my tongue got anywhere near. She tasted amazing. Why had we waited so long for this? It seemed like only seconds before her body started convulsing and she was cumming. I'd like to say it was because I was so good but I'm pretty sure the fact it had been so long had a lot more to do with it.

 "Fucking hell Alex. I wasn't expecting that." I pulled away to catch a breath and made eye contact with her. Those eyes had never looked prettier. She had dropped away from Dave slightly as she came so her face was now close to his groin. 

 I moved back in to start another tongue assault. I hadn't had enough of this by far. Spreading her again my eyes were drawn to her ass hole. I leant forward and started licking it causing her to gasp.

 As her mouth opened Dave didn't miss an opportunity and grabbed her head bringing her down on his cock. From where I was I could only see his hand on the top of her bobbing head. I heard her gag. I know from experience that it was a task to fit all of him in your mouth but he liked to make you try.

 As they got into their rhythm shay was pushing back on my face each time she came up off his cock. I decided now was the time for me to get some.

 Rising up I brushed my stiff cock against her pussy and up to her ass. Even though she was wet from my tonguing I wasn't about to force my cock into her rosebud without lube. So I moved down and slid into her dripping wet pussy.

 It felt like heaven. My first stroke was slow and right down base of my shaft. I wanted her to feel my full length before speeding up and matching the motion those two had found themselves in.

 Dave pushed us back slightly so he could stand up in front of Shay. She was now bent over with us pounding into her at both ends at the same time. Her tits swinging all over the place, her hands were on Dave's thighs controlling how deep he was going down her throat.

 There was no escape once we had our timing down. Her moans let us know there was no intention of wanting this to stop. Shay stayed still while we moved in unison. The ripples of her chubby body making us go at it harder to create more. I got in a couple of spanks on her fat ass before she came up for air.

 "I want some of that pussy" Dave said looking at my dick shining from her wetness. I had to admit it was one of the best id ever had. I assured myself I would be in her pussy again by the end of the night.

 He leant back on the bed and motioned for Shay to get on top of him so her tits where dangling in his face as she lowered herself down. She was surprisingly flexible which was good for us. She put her legs out almost doing the splits as she lowered herself so Dave was buried to the hilt in her.

 This was too good an opportunity to miss so I picked up the tube of lube and vibrator she had used before and poured some down the top of her ass crack as she leant forward. I lubed up the toy and slowly eased it into her all the time Dave was drilling in and out of her pussy.

 Once I felt the toy moving in and out without to much resistance I slipped it out and moved myself into position to replace it. 

 "Take it slow I've never had two at the same time. Nothing that big as you in that hole either."

 "I'll be gentle just tell me to stop if it gets too much." I knew she had done anal before so she isn't new to the sensation. You could feel her trying to relax as I smeared lube all over myself and began to press the tip into her. She flinched slightly just as the head popped in. I just rested there a moment letting her get used to being this stretched.

 Getting impatient Dave put his hands on her shoulders and he began to move in and out of her as best he could being underneath us both. The lube really helped me slide in more and start matching his thrusts. 

 He was going all the way in and out but I took it easy only going about half way. This lasted for a couple of minutes before I thought she was done. Wrong again.

 "Ok you two. Give me that fucking I've been waiting so long for."

I would love to tell you this was a sensual session but in all honesty it was just a mesh of bodies. Just pounding at one another. Our skin slapping against each other. Grunts and moans.

 Dave couldn't move too much apart from his hips which he was trying to raise to get deeper penetration. It became more of a grinding than thrusting. Shays body was wobbling everywhere, her tits pretty much slapping Dave with every forward lunge.

 I was the only one with free movement and I was making the most of it by pulling all the way out her ass before going back in balls deep. I loved the ripple of her as with each thrust. 
