 This part of the story covers a couple of categories so I have kept it in the group category as that is where the first part is posted. It contains anal, gay sex, straight sex and toy play. If that isn't your thing then maybe this story isn't for you. But feel free to enjoy.

*****

My head was still spinning. I had just had a threesome with two of my closest friends and even had Shays arse. But then in my after orgasm stupor Dave had dropped the bombshell on me that he wanted my ass next.

Dave and I had spent our holiday in relative privacy from our real world. Obviously Eddie knew about it but no one else. Now he is wanting to bring someone else into our secret. I was nervous. I'm not someone who is really bothered about my reputation, but I've never really had anything happen to destroy it. I'm still friends with school mates so they all know me. I don't know how Shay would react to seeing Dave and I playing with each other. 

Shay walked back in naked her cheeks rosy after the pounding she had just taken.

"Anyone fancy a drink while we recover?" She asked as she bent over and slipped her thong back on as if this small bit of lace and fabric was going to restore some modesty after we had just blasted cum all over her face. 

"Yes I could do with a drink." Anything to get me out of this situation. I got up and followed her out of the bedroom. My clothes where all over the floor so I didn't bother covering up. Dave followed us. I think he was ready to go again. We stood in the kitchen once again this time with no clothing on. 

Shay poured us a drink each then came over and stood in front of me pressing her ass back on to my crotch. My flaccid dick resting in-between her cheeks like it was made to fit. We stood there chatting away as if this was the most natural situation we could been in. 

Dave was obviously getting bored just standing watching her sway her hips on to me. He moved over in front of shay and put her hands onto his cock. Making her wank him slowly. As she did he reached round for my hand. I tried to move away as if I hadn't noticed him doing it but he grabbed me and brought my hand to his cock. Shay thought it was just daves hand until she looked down and saw it was mine. 

From behind I couldn't gage her reaction at seeing my hand wrapped around his rapidly growing member. She didn't say anything just watched for a bit. I guess she was looking for my reaction. Once he was fully hard I let go. 

"What the fuck you two? I guess you are a lot closer than any of us really know." 

"You have no idea Shay" was Dave's reply. That made it sound like we were at it all the time when in reality it was only for the duration of the holiday and tonight. She still hadn't stopped moving her hips grinding her ass onto my growing cock. 

"I see touching him turns you on Alex." She said teasing me about the situation. 

"It's more the ass I have been after since high school grinding on me." I don't know who I was trying to convince but it didn't fool anyone.

"Shall we go back to the bedroom and you two can show me just how close you are? This is going to be a fun night." This time she grabbed both of us by our cocks and led us back to the bedroom. 

It was now very early hours of the morning but our night showed no signs of coming to an end any time soon. As we entered the room Shay just let go and jumped on the bed, leaving us both stood there in front of the mirror both with our hard on's sticking out. 

I really wanted to jump back between her legs on the bed but she wanted us to put on a show for her. Her expectant glare gave Dave the go ahead to put his hand on my shoulder trying to push me down to my knees. I guess Shay was now in the circle of trust, if she told anyone about me and Dave she would have to explain how she got into that situation in the first place.

So here I was once again on my knees in front of my best mate, this time with Shay looking on. It felt different from when we were away. Even when Eddie had walked in on us that was a surprise he walked in while we were in the middle of something. This time I was doing this to show someone else and she was sat there with her legs spread with just her tiny thong on. Her eyes burning a hole in me waiting for me to make a move.

I ran my hands up the front of his thighs and past his crotch and up on to his stomach. Slowly I brought them back down and wrapped them around him. I knew how quickly he would want to be in my mouth but I was going to draw this out or so I thought. 

Dave grabbed the back of my head and forced his cock straight into my mouth. I should have known better than to think I would be in control. As he did this I heard Shay take a deep breath almost as if she was gasping for air like I was at this point. 

I put my hands on his thighs once again and had the power to ease myself off him slightly to regain some composure. I looked up and he had a massive smile on his face. Making eye contact I moved back in a traced the veins on his cock with my tongue from the base right up to the tip before taking him back into my mouth. 

As he entered my mouth I ran my tongue along the base of him till my nose was buried at the root of his cock. His hands held me down for a couple of seconds . I was used to this so I didn't struggle against him.

"Holy Crap Alex you must have sucked a lot of cock to be able to do that. You make that look to easy." Shay had sat up and moved to the edge of the bed to get a closer look. 

"Why don't you come down here and join him" Dave said. I don't know if it was a question or a demand. She moved down and got on her knees next to me. Dave guided his cock between my mouth and hers. She took a couple of turns but she obviously just wanted to watch me do it for now. After all she had spent a while with it in her mouth earlier. It was scary how quickly I had got back used to taking him deep. 

"He is a natural born slut isn't he?" Dave asked Shay as she moved back up onto the bed.

"This is fucking hot. How long have you two been doing this for?" Shay was reaching for her vibrator as she asked the question. She really was getting off on seeing us together. I heard the buzzing start as she pulled her thong to the side and slid her toy into her dripping pussy. 

Dave started telling her about that first night on holiday. I cringed listening to him retell how he dominated me. I don't know why I felt shy with him sharing the story because I was naked in front of her sucking Dave for all I was worth. 

As he got further into the story I heard a moan from Shay on the bed. She came listening to him say how he fucked me and made me swallow. Before he got to the part of Eddie walking in on us she interrupted and said it would be so sexy to see him do that to me. I was glad the story ended there. We didn't need to tell her how I was taken by both of them together.

"You heard the girl. Get on all fours between her legs." So this was happening then. I knew he had cum recently so he was going to last a while, this wasn't going to be a quick demonstration. I could say I wasn't turned on by the situation but my rock had cock gave me away.

I got up and got on crawled between shays legs on the bed. Her toy was still buzzing away inside of her until I slowly eased it out. Her bald mound glistened from her recent orgasm. As I went to put the toy down she stopped me and told me to clean it. Stupidly I looked for something to wipe it with not getting that she wanted me to suck her juices of it. 

I just did as I was told, I have licked her all over earlier in the night anyway and was about to do it again so sucking her juices off her toy wasn't a big deal. Whilst I was doing this she sat herself up against the headboard which meant for me to lick her I would have to dip my head down to the mattress which would leave my ass up in the air totally open for Dave to attack.

I knew I could take Dave but it had been a while so when I felt the lube trickle down my crack and his head start to push at my hole it was a bit of a struggle. My head was buried deep in-between Shay thighs distracting myself from the initial pain. I knew once he was in and I got used to his size I enjoyed it. 

How the tables had turned. Not long before shay was the one in the middle being spit roasted. Now here I am with Dave easing his big cock into my ass and my tongue as far up shays pussy as I could reach from this angle. This obviously wasn't giving her any pleasure and she wanted to see what was going on behind me so she pulled herself out and walked round behind me. I felt so vulnerable with them both stood behind me watching him slide in. 

"I knew you were an ass man but I don't think you where this hard when you were in my ass Alex." Shay teased me as she grabbed my cock which was still hard pointing down below me. I had grown to love receiving anal on holiday. I always knew I loved giving it. Every time Dave drove his cock into me he rubbed my prostate. The precum was oozing out of my cock onto the bed. I had missed this feeling. 

All of a sudden he pulled out of me, I was just getting into that. He told me to stand up and let shay bend over the bed. I knew what was coming next so I grabbed the lube and poured it onto her ass. I was about to move in when Dave moved forward. She let out a squeal as he broke through the entrance. He wasn't as gentle as I had been with her. In one swift thrust he was balls deep in her ass. After a couple of quick strokes he pulled back out. 

"Just wanted a quick comparison between your two asses."

"You cheeky fucker" was all she could muster as he withdrew leaving her gaping a little. A sight I never thought I would see from Shay anyway. I guess me being in there before and now Dave had loosened her up a little. I felt like I should take a picture of her in this pose in case I didn't get to see it again.

"Go on Alex I know you want to be back in that ass after waiting all these years." He made it sound like she was his property to pass around and that he was doing me a favour. When in reality, although he had a sexy chubby female ass in front him he only seem to have eyes for mine. Not that I minded. I did want to be back in shay and I did enjoy him being in me and now I get to experience both at the same time.

I moved behind Shay lining myself back up with her rear. I slid back in with relative ease with all the lube we had poured over her ample behind. It was glistening once again. I spanked her hard and left a hand print. I was loving in as I mauled her until I felt Dave move in behind me again. He put his hand on the top of my back and eased me over shay so he could impale me.

As he drove his rod into my rear I bottomed out into Shay. It was an intense feeling being balls deep in her ass as Dave was balls deep in mine. I was sandwiched between the two of them unable to move. Dave started to move in and out which allowed me to match his strokes in to Shay. I was pulling out of her as he pumped into me.

Within a couple of minutes Shay had reached under herself and was rubbing her clit to an intense orgasm. Her tight ass got even tighter and the spasms of the orgasm made her muscles clamp down on me. With me not moving Dave took the opportunity to really pound me. It was like a jackhammer going in and out. I'm not normally loud in bed but with everything going on to me I was moaning in pure ecstasy.

"I give in, no more for me tonight." Shay almost screamed out between deep breaths. She collapsed forward from all fours to be lying flat out on the bed. This left me hard dick sticking out in front of me getting hammered from behind. I pushed back on his groin moving us back so my head was level with Shays backside. I spread her cheeks and licked her hole soothing some of the ache I knew she would be feeling. I thought I was going to get to cum in her ass but I was wrong. She tapped out before me.

Shay turned over and sat up as the stallion behind me was nearing a finish, his stroke became more erratic. At least someone is getting to cum in an ass, pity it was in me. Without warning he pulled out and left me burning with the speed he left me. 

"Quickly, get on all fours on the bed Alex." In full submissive mode I jumped up an assumed the position whilst Shay got a better view. Dave moved around in front of me and fed his cock into my mouth and straight down my throat. He had edged himself down from the brink of orgasm slightly so he got to face fuck me for a bit longer.

I felt movement behind me and then a smack as Shay got her own back and spanked me. She then proceeded to push her vibrator into me as far as it would go before switching it on.

I knew it was coming but it still made me just the power of it rippled me to my core. It was so different with a cold toy after having the warmth of a real cock up there. Working in and out of me she was really going for it. 

"I wish I had a strap on so I could fuck you like you did me." Shay said. 

"Maybe you should get one for next time Shay," Dave obviously didn't think this was a one-time thing. In my head I was panicking. I was enjoying this but didn't want it to become my everyday life. I was snapped out of it when Dave announced he was cumming and held my head onto him as he came in my mouth. I swallowed what hadn't already been shot down my throat.

You are a bigger slut than me Shay added as I licked Dave clean. She was still working the toy in my ass and I hadn't cum. Dave asked if she wanted to see me get a facial. I instantly got a flashback to our first night together and knew what he had in mind. 

Looking confused at what he meant she just said yes as she took the toy out.

He had done this to me on our first night together. I lay on my back and he stroked me off onto my own face whilst holding my ankles over me so I was bent over myself. This time he grabbed one leg and Shay grabbed the other. Having cum already I lasted longer than they both wanted. 

"I have an idea to speed this up" Shay said. She released my ankle for a second while she was searching for something. I guess they both had the same ideas as Dave pointed out what she was looking for. Adding a little more lube she pushed her vibrator into my ass as I was upside down. I was totally open to the onslaught. She showed no mercy shoving it all in at once.

As soon as it was turned on the buzzing noise and the vibration sent me over the edge in a matter of seconds covering my face in my own cum. She left the toy in me as they dropped my legs allowing me a minute to recover before climbing onto the bed next to me.

"You two are pure filth. How have you kept this from people? I loved it, that was so fucking intense and hot. Are we going to make this a regular thing? Do you ever do Dave?" So many questions flew out of Shays mouth. I just needed to get the toy out of my ass and clean my face off. I gently eased it out and walked to the bathroom. Leaving the two of them naked and satisfied.

Peering into the mirror at the state I was in, all I could think was,

How did I get myself into this position again?