 She was tired of always being the good girl. She went to church, obeyed the speed limit, visited or called her parents every week and was always on time for work. She always followed the rules. It was exhausting. Why couldn't she break a rule every once in a while?

One night she had had enough. There was a bit of bad girl in her that was screaming to get out. She dressed conservatively with an edge to it. She wore jeans that were just a little too tight. They showed every curve of her body. The legs of the jeans were tucked into the boots that came over her knees. The heels were high and spiked. She wore a leather vest with nothing under it. It was snapped up to the middle of her chest. Everything was covered, but there was still an air of sexy about everything.

She went for a drive looking for somewhere to stop. She thought she'd stop for a drink and see what happened. Her car seemed to have a mind of its own as she parked in the lot of a bar that was a little off the beaten path. The parking lot was full of motorcycles. She hesitated before she got out of the car. Was she ready for what might happen here? She could always turn around and leave if she got in the door and didn't like what she saw. 

She opened the door and was greeted by some loud rock music, a layer of smoke and a room full of men and women. She nervously walked to the bar and ordered a drink. No one approached her, but she could feel the eyes on her back. She turned around and scanned the room. Her back was against the bar. She could make an easy retreat if she needed to. 

One of the men walked up to her. 

"You look a little out of place here," he stated. 

"I'm not as innocent as I look," she replied.

They simply stared at each other for a minute or two. He reached over and unsnapped a few snaps on her vest, exposing the top of her creamy tits. He liked what he saw and told her so. She began to flirt with him a little bit. She could feel herself loosening up and even enjoying the thrill of this exchange. 

He told her that it might be time for her to leave before she got herself in trouble. 

"I'm here to have some fun" was her response. 

"Exactly what kind of fun?" he questioned. 

"Whatever kind of fun you want," rolled off her tongue before she knew what she said. Had she gone too far? 

"What's your name sweetheart?" he asked. 

"Stacy" she boldly answered. All fear was now replaced with excitement. 

He told her exactly what he had in mind. 

"Any woman that is with me does exactly what I say. You do what I tell you and only what I tell you. You follow all my instructions. If you do not comply, you will be punished. Are you sure you want to go through with this, or do you want to leave now? This is your last chance, Sweetheart. Are you staying or leaving?" She answered him by staying rooted in her spot.

"You've made your choice. Now let's have some fun Stacy. Take off everything except your boots. I want to see you naked except for those fuck me boots that you're wearing." 

She waited for him to take her to another room somewhere. Apparently her hesitation violated his rules, because he administered a hard smack to her ass. She realized he meant that she was supposed to strip here in the middle of everyone in the room. Her pussy came alive at the thought of everyone looking at her. She started by undoing the few snaps that remained on her vest and removed it. Several people in the bar let out whistles. She slowly undid her pants and began to lower them. The tiny thong she was wearing showed off her ass, complete with the red mark he left when she smacked her. The triangle in the front covered her shaved pussy. They were getting soaked as she continued to strip. Both men and women were yelling at her to take it off or get naked. 

They soon began chanting, "strip, strip, strip..." and her body tingled. 

She untucked the jeans and struggled to get them over the boots. Then the scrap of fabric slid down her legs. She stood in the middle of the bar naked, except for the boots. She trembled with both nervousness and excitement. 

The man she had been talking to, Spike, told everyone else to get in a circle around her. He grabbed a beer bottle and set it in the middle of the circle. He told her that they were going to play a game of spin the bottle, but the rules would be slightly different. She would do whatever he said to whomever the bottle pointed to. There were both men and women in the circle. She wondered what was going to happen with each of these people, but she decided to go for it. 

The first spin pointed to a woman. Spike told her to go over and kiss the woman. The woman was sitting so she had to bend over to kiss her, giving everyone on the other side a full view of her ass. As her lips landed on the woman, she grabbed Stacy and pulled her into her lap, diving her tongue into Stacy's mouth. Her nipples hardened at the feel of the kiss combined with the hoots and hollers from the rest of the group. She was released, but was unable to move. Spike spun the bottle again. It landed on another woman. He told Stacy to suck her tits. Stacy walked over to her, lifted her shirt and attacked her tits. She licked, sucked and nibbled on her tits as if she hadn't been fed in a year. They felt wonderful in her mouth. Spike told her to stop and she did so reluctantly.

The next spin landed on a large man. She stood, waiting for her instructions. Spike told her to suck his cock and let him come on her tits. He stood and lowered his pants quickly. She was greeted with a rather large and hard cock. She wondered how she would be able to handle him. She had never sucked a cock this big before. She dropped to her knees and placed her mouth over him. He gave her very little time to adjust to his size, as he grabbed her head and pumped his cock in and out of her mouth. She was barely able to breathe, but she kept sucking. He became larger as he grew harder. It was getting more and more difficult to handle him, when he announced he was ready to come. She pulled back, grabbed his cock and aimed it right at her tits. He shot a load on her, and she began to rub it into her tits, rubbing her hands across her tits. Spike ordered the man to punish her since he had not told her she could rub her tits. The man gave her a smack across her ass. Since she was not wearing jeans this time, it stung and left a red hand mark on her ass. It hurt but nearly made her come at the same time. The pussy juice was running down her leg. She was so damn hot.

The next spin landed on another man. Spike told her that she was going to suck him as well, but this time she was to swallow everything he had and make sure nothing came out of her mouth. He was smaller than the other man, making him easier to handle. It was a relief after the previous man so she went to town. Stacy varied her pace. Quickly at first, slowing down for a little while, then back to quick. She repeated this rhythm over and over. He told everyone what a hot mouth she had and that everyone should get to fuck her mouth. No sooner were the words out of his mouth than he unloaded down her throat. She increased her suction and eagerly swallowed his load. Spike told her she did well.

Stacy was ready to go, but had yet to get any relief. She loved the sucking she was doing, but her pussy was on fire and she wanted to be sucked and fucked. She was not in luck. The next spin landed on another woman. Spike told Stacy that she was going to eat her pussy. Stacy had never eaten pussy before, but she was game for anything right now. The woman removed her pants and laid on the floor with her legs spread wide, ready for Stacy. Stacy began with small licks over the woman's clit. Apparently she was doing well, because the woman was grinding into her face. Stacy began to probe her mouth into the woman's pussy. She liked the taste of her. Stacy trailed her tongue between the woman's clit and pussy. It drove Stacy crazy when a man did this to her so she thought the woman might like it. The woman begged for more and more, giving her direction as to what to do. Stacy complied and was soon greeted by her face being flooded with the woman's pussy juice. She eagerly lapped it up, licking her clean. 

Spike must have liked what he had seen because he asked if Stacy was ready to have some things done to her. The woman reached out and fingered Stacy's pussy and responded, "Hell yeah she's ready. This is one wet pussy."

Spike spun the bottle again. The landing caused a little discussion when it landed between a man and a woman. Stacy waited for Spike to make his decision. He said that there was a simple solution. They would both handle her. 

Spike said that the woman would eat Stacy's pussy and the man would finger fuck Stacy's ass. Stacy wanted to come just at the thought of what Spike said. The man lifted her onto a table. His fingers found her pussy and pumped his fingers in to get them wet. He slid his hand back to her ass. Stacy had never had any type of anal sex, so she was nervous. Her asshole was tight as he tried to place his finger in her. The woman used just the tip of her tongue to play with Stacy's clit. Stacy moaned with great pleasure. She was finally getting some relief. As the woman worked Stacy's clit, she loosened up, allowing the man to slide his finger into her puckered ass. She groaned as he very slowly pumped in and out of her tight hole. As the woman dove her tongue deep into Stacy's pussy, the man spread her legs and pulled her ass wider, slipping another finger in. Stacy was experiencing waves of pleasure and trying to hold off her orgasm because she did not want the pleasure to stop. The man slipped a third finger in and fucked her ass just as if he was using his cock. Her ass was completely loose now and the woman was working her clit with a speed that was unimaginable. She could no longer hold out. She let the orgasm come. Her ass tightened around the man's fingers as the woman's tongue fucked her pussy. Both holes felt glorious and she wanted it to continue, but her muscles felt like jelly. 

Spike informed her that they were not done. Now it was his turn to decide what happened. Spike asked the man what her ass was like. The man stated that it was a tight hole that begged for a cock to fuck it. Spike stated that he was going to do exactly that. Stacy trembled with excitement. She could barely contain herself when he finished giving the instructions. He stated they would spin the bottle two more times. The first man it landed on would fuck her pussy, and the other person would feel the pleasure of her mouth.

The first spin of the bottle landed on a woman. Stacy would be eating pussy again. The next spin landed on the man that had come on her tits. He would soon be inside her pussy and she had a feeling it was going to be a fantastic fuck. 

The man got on the floor and lowered Stacy onto him. She stretched wide as he lowered her onto his stiff rod. She wanted to come just from that first sensation. Spike knelt behind her and began to play with her ass. He inserted three fingers, one at time, to stretch her out. The pleasure she was getting from the fucking loosened her ass more easily for Spike. It wasn't long before his pants were down and his cock was in her ass. He groaned from the tightness of her. The woman was on her hands and knees with her pussy positioned at Stacy's face. Stacy probed her hole with her tongue. Stacy wanted to fuck the woman just as the men were giving it to her. She stuck her tongue as deep into the woman's pussy as she could get and wiggled it as if it were a cock. The woman voiced her pleasure, followed by Spike telling her what an incredible ass she had. She felt completely stretched as both cocks increased their pace and gave her a furious fucking. She came on both of them and screamed into the woman's pussy. She had never experienced this level of pleasure before. Each thrust sent a wave of electricity straight to her clit. She wanted to reach down and touch it as the men fucked her, but she knew she would be punished if she did. 

Instead she concentrated on the woman's clit. She sucked and nibbled it as if it were a nipple. The woman loved what she was doing and flooded her face with her come. Stacy continued to lick and suck, never easing up. As long as these cocks were pounding into her, she was going to fuck the woman's pussy. The woman did not object, instead continuing to ride her face to multiple orgasms. This increased Stacy's pleasure and made her pussy and ass more sensitive. As she came again, her pussy and ass tightened around each man. One right after another, they came, filling their respective holes with loads of come. Juice dripped from each hole of her body and she couldn't have loved it more. Her body was well used, but the pleasure was immense.

Spike was done, but he told Stacy that she was not. Not everyone in the bar had been serviced yet. He then said that anyone who had not had a turn was free to use Stacy however they saw fit. Stacy was about to object when she had a cock fill her mouth. Another cock rammed into her pussy, and yet another into her ass. Her hands were pulled away from her and each hand was working on a pussy as mouths worked her tits. She just closed her eyes and let everything happen. She didn't care who was doing what to her because the pleasure overtook all of her senses. Spike instructed each man to come on her when they were done. Stacy clenched tight around each man as Spike spoke his instructions. When they were done, she was covered in come and was unable to move. Her body tingled from every pore. She rubbed the come into her body and had an incredible orgasm as her hands ran across her skin, touching her clit and her nipples. 

Spike asked everyone in the bar to vote on whether or not Stacy would be allowed to stay. It was a unanimous vote in favor. Each person saying what an incredible fuck she was. Spike told Stacy that she had proved she was a good slut. He lowered his pants again and she took him in her mouth, giving him a blow job as if her life depended on it. As he came down her throat, Spike told her they were going to have a hell of a lot of fun together. Stacy decided she was no longer going to listen to the rules if this is what was going to happen. She loved every minute of it.