 Janet sat up on the bed, having only just come she was taking a moment longer to take in the new turn of events than my wife and Paula.

"Alan? What the hell are you doing here!"

Paula glared at her as I started to smile, "Well I was really enjoying what you were all doing, although not as much as you were."

"Oh I don't know." Janet pointed at the tent in my trousers, then turning to Angela, "You've definitely got your husband's motor running!"

Now it was my turn to be embarrassed as Paula and Janet grinned and nudged Angela.

"Stop it you two, this is really awkward," Angela whispered to her two friends.

To try and hide the erection, that refused to stop trying to break free of my trousers, from embarrassing me further I sat down in the armchair next to my wardrobes. "Angela, it's fine, in fact it's more than fine, I thought I was going to find you in bed with another man."

Angela looked at me and the expression on her face was both hurt and confused.

"Well," I continued, "you've been less interested in me for months and lots of times when I ring you at work, you're not there. I get some story about you being out of the office on business, which you never used to be so I started to get suspicious."

I shrugged, feeling a little sheepish, "So here I am, the jealous husband, coming home unexpected to catch his wife in bed with another man."

"No men here Alan, Angela was with us for the 'office business' most of the time," Paula interjected.

Glancing at Paula, still wearing the black strap on, "That's good to know," I started grinning, "but I'm seeing you in a whole new light with that on Paula."

Angela and Janet looked towards Paula as she started to turn away from me and managed to put the head of the dildo against Angela's lips.

I had to bite my own lip to stop myself from laughing, Angela spotted this and as she pushed the dildo away from her face a faint smile appeared for a split second. I smiled back as Angela's and my eyes met for a second.

Janet spotted the brief exchange between the two of us and a wicked grin appeared on her face, "Well I don't know about you two, but having been so rudely interrupted I think we should carry on with what we were doing." 

As she was saying this she slipped her hand across Angela's ass and slid two fingers fully into her cunt.

"Janet!!" Angela grabbed at her friends hand and tried to pull it from her. Paula looked confused and not quite sure what she should do.

"Help me out here will you Paula, Angela needs to relax a little." Janet looked over at me and winked.

"It's OK Alan, sit back and let us show you what your wife has been up to all this time you thought she was cheating on you."

I wasn't going to object. I took my jacket off and sat back in the chair as Paula stepped in front of Angela and took hold of her wrists, pulling her hands to her thighs.

Angela looked at me, I could she she was turned on but she was blushing, "Don't, this is too much," she looked at Paula and Janet, "please, oohhh!" Angela's head leant back a little as the two fingers continued to work inside her cunt. 

Despite the shock of being 'discovered' and the range of emotions that had triggered in her, Angela was still turned on and her body was reacting just the way her mind didn't really want it to at that moment.

"That's it," Janet whispered in Angela's ear, "let your husband see what a slut you really are, a pussy loving slut." 

Angela shook her head, "No. Ohhh god."

Janet had slipped her other two fingers into Angela's cunt just as Paula had leant forward and taken one of Angela's nipples into her mouth.

"She's soaking Alan, your wife's cunt is dripping wet on my fingers," Janet's words were as much to taunt Angela as they were for my benefit.

Angela opened her eyes and looked at me just as I leant forward and licked my lips. A moment of indecision crossed her face then her body seemed to relax a little.

"Is this what you wanted, what you fantasised about?"

I nodded, "Yes it is, you look amazing, I love you!" Angela smiled, "I love you to."

"Fuck me Janet," Angela gave into her bodies urges, "make me cum on your fingers", she pushed her ass back at Janet's hand as she pushed Paula away from her.

"Put that cock back where it was Paula."

I gasped, my wife was there in front of me another woman fingering her cunt and she was asking for a black 10" cock up her ass. I was in shock and my erection was throbbing in my trousers more than ever.

Hoping for some relief I opened the zipper and waist band of my trousers.

Janet saw what I was doing, "Get naked Alan, the rest of us are." Janet smiled at me and nodded. 

I looked at Angela, wondering how she would react to this statement. As I did her eyes went wide for a moment. I thought she was shocked at Janet's suggestion and was almost disappointed.

"God that cock feels good in my ass," Angela hissed between clenched teeth, and then looking at me, "go on get naked, its only fair, you must be desperate for a wank." Angela seemed to consider this statement for a moment, "Or have you already had one when you were spying on us?"

I nodded rather sheepishly as I started to unbutton my shirt, moments later it didn't seem to matter as I continued to undress.

Janet laughed, "Naughty boy, wanking as he spied on us, well now you don't have to hide!"

"Fuck her deep Paula, let her hubby see what a slut she is." Janet continued to work her fingers deep in Angela's cunt and whispered in here ear, "are you going to watch Alan wank over his fantasy while we make you come hard?"

Angela nodded and stared at me as her mouth fell open in a silent moan.

I was naked now, slowly stroking my cock as my wife starred into my eyes. I was stunned, there she was with Janet's four fingers in her cunt and a 10" fake black cock strapped to Paula fucking her in the ass.

"Oh my god, Alan she's buried that cock all the way up my ass, it feels so good. I'm going to come, I love you Alan, watch me come." Angela started to breath really heavily and her shoulders were heaving up and down. 

Paula's hands appeared on my wife's shoulders, "Take it deep Angela, you know you love it."

"Oh my god," Angela slumped forward and came, I knew it was intense, she was silent. Angela was never the most vocal of people when she came, but when she had a really intense one she hardly made a sound.

Paula and Janet pulled away from her and started to reposition themselves. Janet pointed at something out of my sight and Paula passed it to her.

I caught sight of it and my cock twitched in my hand. A strap on harness that had 10" of cock protruding from both sides. Janet slowly slid one end into her own cunt and then proceeded to fasten up the straps.

Paula reached into the pile of toys and came up with two steel balls attached to a small control box. Reaching under herself she slipped the balls into her cunt and wedged the control between herself and the harness for her strap on 

Now both Paula and Janet were sporting 10" cocks and Angela was still face down on the bed starring at me unaware of what was happening behind her.

Janet lay down on the bed with her feet towards me and slapped Angela on the ass. "Come on you, slide yourself over here."

As Angela looked over her shoulder to see what Janet was talking about Paula let out a sigh, "God I love these balls deep in me."

Angela cocked her leg over Janet's prone body and waited to feel the head of the cock on her cunt lips. Janet held the fake cock in place and pushed up slightly. Angela slid down and to my amazement the whole 10" disappeared into her cunt in one fluid motion.

"Oh yes, I've done this before." Angela answered my unspoken question with a smile on her lips. "Stroke your cock for me while I take on two!"

As Angela was talking to me Paula had straddled Janet and lined up her fake cock with Angela's anus.

Angela sighed as Paula pushed forward. Slowly she started to rock back and to, Janet and Paula moving with her as the three friends settled into what was obviously a well practised rhythm.

Paula started to whimper and breath more deeply, obviously I thought, the balls starting to move and vibrate within her body.

I could see the two ends of the dildo wedged in to Angela and Janet's cunts rocking back and forth glistening with their juices as all three women gave out moans and grew more and more aroused.

"How about this Alan," Angela smiled at me, "I let them keep fucking me like this until you come."

Angela looked deep into my eyes and moaned as the 2 fake cocks worked her towards another orgasm.

I stopped stroking my cock as I nodded and watched intently.

"No that's cheating, you have to keep stroking that gorgeous cock. I want to watch you stroke it as they fuck me," Angela smiled and nodded at me as my hand returned to my cock.

I was transfixed, here was my wife taking two 10" fake cocks and encouraging me to wank over the sight of it. It was like a completely different woman in the bedroom to the one I had known all these years.

Janet's voice interrupted my thoughts, "I'm going to come, grind down on me Angela, oh god please!"

I watched as Angela's hips changed movement, she pushed down and rotated her hips pushing the fake cock into Janet and rubbing the harness on her clit.

"Oh god, Oh god, yes, yes," as I had learnt earlier, Janet was a bit of a 'screamer' when she came. Janet's hips bucked under Angela and the motion sent my wife over the edge.

"Fuck, oh yes, that's it," Angela came, no where near as intensely as before but that was not surprising. 

Paula thrust harder into Angela and came as well, it seemed like a chain reaction.

I couldn't help myself, the sight of Angela coming on those cocks and the sounds of Janet and Paula coming as well, I lost it.

Spunk erupted from my cock and splashed onto my shoulders and chest, four really hard spurts leaving lines in the hair on my chest and my cock drained, again!

Angela was used to how much and how hard I can come but Paula watched in amazement, "God that's horny, I've never seen a guy come that hard!"

Laughing Janet's voice chimed in, "Oh god, do we have to stop already?"

I could see Paula was still moving, thrusting into Angela staring at the spunk on my chest, she was breathing heavily, building to another orgasm by the look of it.

Feeling mischievous, I scooped some spunk off my shoulder with one finger and stuck my tongue out. I have tasted my spunk many times, I love sucking it out of Angela just after I had fucked her. Not that I had been doing that much lately!

Paula starred at me, Angela smiled and then moaned as the cock in her arse hole moved faster and deeper. "Oh god Paula, fuck me, that's it." Angela had another orgasm.

I licked the spunk from my finger then slid the finger into my mouth and made a show of sucking my finger. All this was too much for Paula, she slammed her hips forwards burying her fake cock deep in my wife's ass hole and came hard. As before she seemed to almost pass out and started to collapse forwards onto Angela's back.

"Oh no you don't," Janet steadied Paula and the between the two of them Angela and Janet managed to disentangle themselves from each other and gently lay Paula on her side on the bed. Janet turned off the control device on Paula's hip and unfastened the harness removing the fake cock and then the steel balls from Paula's cunt.

I looked on still somewhat in shock, but extremely aroused. I was almost afraid to move or speak. I didn't want to ruin the moment or do anything to make it end. Slightly amazed I looked down to see my cock was semi hard and seemed to be firming up rather than going flaccid and I had already come twice!

Janet unfastened the harness of her own fake cock and to my surprise Angela grabbed the cock, "Oh no, your not done yet." Angela pushed Janet back onto the bed and leaning over her started to pump the end of the fake cock still buried in Janet's cunt in and out almost the full 10" length on each stroke.

"What did I do to deserve this," Janet asked between moaning from the pounding her cunt was taking.

My cock reacted to this and was once more at full attention, I couldn't help myself, my hand slipped back into my groin and was once again stroking my cock at the sight of my wife fucking her best friend with a 10" dildo! I felt like I'd died and gone to heaven.

"You know damn well," Angela grinned down at Janet, and then in a mocking tone, "put on a show, let Alan watch his slut." The dildo never stopped.

Janet glanced in my direction, "Well, he's still enjoying the show your putting on for him now."

Angela glanced over her shoulder at me and smiled, shook her head, eyes rolling up as she looked back to Janet, who's breathing was more strained.

"Fuck me harder Angela, that's it, make me come. Oh shit, fuck, yes, oohhhh."

Janet's hips thrust up to meet Angela's ramming of the dildo and as she let out her last squeal they both froze and Janet slumped back to the bed and lay twitching as Angela slowly, almost gently, pulled the dildo from her. As the fake cock head parted Janet's cunt lips she shuddered once more and lay still.

Paula stirred next to them, sitting up she looked towards me, "All that spunk flying everywhere."

"Oh come on Paula," Angela looked at Paula as she was sitting up, "it's no different to your little 'party piece' when you get really worked up."

Now I was intrigued, what on earth could Angela be talking about.

Janet giggled, made a whooshing noise and pointed at the ceiling as Paula started to blush.

"Stop it you two," Paula said as she slapped Angela with the back of her hand.

"Keep her occupied Angela," Janet sat up on the bed and moved towards the pile of toys.

I watched Angela lean over to Paula and kiss her full on the lips as one hand went to Paula's left breast. Angela's fingers started to pull at a nipple as I watched Janet retrieve a length of material.

Angela's hand moved down across Paula's stomach and began rubbing over her cunt lips, her middle finger parted the lips while the other fingers continued to rub outside Paula's wet cunt lips. I could hear the moist sound from the rubbing and Paula's faint moan as Angela carried on kissing her.

Janet, meanwhile, had straightened out the thin strip of material and tied a loop in each end, she slipped one loop over Paula's right foot and slid it down to the back of her knee. Fascinated at what was happening I watched as, what I now realised was some kind of restrain, was passed under Paula's right arm and over her left shoulder.

Janet placed her hand over Angela's and started to move it with the same motion. Angela slipped her hand away from Paula's cunt and finally broke the kiss.

Paula moaned and looked at Angela as she gripped her left ankle and reached for the loop of material. "Stop it you two, this is too much!"

Janet leaned in and pushing Paula's right leg up towards her shoulder kissed her. This left Angela enough slack to move the other end of the loop over Paula's left ankle and slide the loop down to her knee.

Now I saw what they had achieved, Paula had her legs pulled up with her knees above her hips, and spread really wide exposing her cunt and ass and leaving her at the mercy of her two friends.

Janet broke the kiss and slipped three fingers deep into Paula's soaking cunt, I could hear the juices as she started to flex her fingers.

"Oh please, this is embarrassing", Paula was breathing a little heavily as she said this. 

Angela leaned over her and slipped one finger deep in Paula's ass, "You loved the sight of all Alan's spunk flying and you were just as keen as Janet to put on a show for him, well now you are."

Janet and Angela were now both kneeling upright either side of Paula, both pushing down on her ankles so that her cunt and ass were fully exposed and pointed straight at the ceiling.

I watched intently, my had was still on my cock but not stroking as fast as before, my attention was more focused on the sight before me.

Angela slipped another finger into Paula's ass, I heard a small gasp from Paula as Angela started to move her fingers in a circular motion. Janet had the palm of her hand pressed against Paula's clit and the sound of her juices as the three fingers moved inside her grew louder.

"Oh god you're going to make me come," Paula's breathing was ragged.

Janet suddenly pulled her hand away from Paula's cunt making Paula shake and let out a low moan. Almost straight away Janet plunged her fingers back in and continued what she had been doing, "Nearly!'

Angela looked at her and just nodded and smiled.

"Oh god I'm coming," Paula almost screamed! Janet immediately pulled her hand from Paula's cunt and I was amazed to see a jet of liquid spray upwards from her. Paula's hips quivered and a second smaller jet of liquid erupted from her cunt.

I was stunned, I had heard of squirting, but never in my life had I imagined I would ever see a woman squirt, let alone one of my wife's friends and in my own bedroom! 

"Oh my god, that was amazing," I whispered. 

"Oh yes, that's it," Angela shuffled closer to Paula leaned down and put her mouth over Paula's clit, I could see from her cheeks that she was sucking hard. A split second later she pulled away and Janet plunged her fingers back into Paula.

Angela looked over at me and saw my hand speed up on my cock. "Alan's wanking again Paula, the sight of you squirting has him stroking his cock again." 

"We can do better than that," Janet resumed her efforts with her fingers, the sounds of juices moving around her fingers deep in Paula's cunt was louder than ever. 

Paula moaned, "Just one more, please I am shattered." 

Janet looked down at her, "OK babe, just the one more, but lets make it a good one." With that Janet slipped another finger into Paula's soaking cunt and carried on flexing her fingers deep inside her.

"That's it, rub her clit as well," Angela encouraged Janet, her own fingers never stopping their motion in Paula's ass. Both women leaned in towards Paula as her moans intensified.

"Oh god here it comes, please don't stop, oh god, oh," Paula's voice trailed off into a long moan and at that moment Janet pulled her hand away and a huge jet of liquid shot up from Paula's cunt. 

The first jet caught Angela in the face, Janet leaned further over and the second jet splashed against her chin and ran down her chest. A third eruption missed them both but ran down Paula's ass cheeks as Angela pulled her fingers from Paula's now quivering ass.

All three women were breathing hard, as Janet pulled at the loop at the back of Paula's right knee releasing her. Just at that moment I let out a wail as my cock exploded for the third time that afternoon. 

All three of the women were staring at me as my spunk ran from my cock, no where near as energetically as before but I was lost in the moment and kept stroking my cock spreading the spunk all over my hand and cock.

Finally I let go of my cock and just starred back at the three smiling women. I was shaking my head, still in disbelief and coming down from a third orgasm high, "I don't believe this is happening, it's a dream."

Angela moved to the edge of the bed and stood up. In two steps she was leaning over me and kissed me full on the lips. I could taste cunt juices on her lips and my tongue pushed forwards and parted her lips. After a long deep passionate kiss Angela pulled away, "Real enough?" She stepped back from me and sat down on the edge of the bed.

"So now we know how to break the news to Alan," Janet laughed from the other end of the bed and Paula joined in.

Janet stood up. "Now we really must go, you two will have lots to talk about, come on Paula, we can sort the toys out later."

Janet swatted Paula on the hip and got up and walked past me to the bedroom door, "Quick bathroom call and we'll be out of your hair", she said over her shoulder as she left the room.
