 In the previous stories - I had an Uber Pool driver named Amal, who was a strong, tall black man, and reminded me of a Michael B Jordan. Not intimidatingly fit, but 100% attractive and charismatic. I'm a 26 year old, 5'4" brunette with green eyes, and on my ride home with him I couldn't stop myself from telling him to pull over in an alleyway, pull down his pants, and then suck his cock and ride him until he came. The next day, I met up with him and his friend Andrew, and we all wound up back at Amal's apartment, where these two men got undressed, and I got on my knees...

Amal's cock slid in and out of my mouth, over and over, pushing over my tongue and all the way to the back of my mouth, seemingly further down my throat with each thrust. His hands on my head, insistent but respectful, helped overcome the resistance of my relatively small mouth and seemingly tight throat.

It took a while, but soon I was taking almost all of him, feeling my throat expand with each thrust, my eyes rolling back and just loving my submission to it all.

At the same time, I had my left hand around Andrew's rock hard cock, and I was doing my best to give him a satisfactory handjob. Mostly I was just holding it, feeling it in my subconscious, and letting my mind absorb the size and warmth.

As the taste of pre-cum invaded my senses, and Andrew and Amal's moaning became my whole world, I started touching myself, suddenly wanting to have the same sense of ecstasy they had. I'm generous, but I wanted every sensation.

I pulled back from Amal's cock and hips, gasping for breath when his dick left my mouth.

Then I was no longer kneeling, but rolled onto the couch and lay on my back. With Amal crawling on top of me, I lifted my hips off the couch, so he could take off my panties and get my jeans completely off (they had rolled up in a bunch around my ankles). 

I looked at Andrew, who was still standing, and he positioned himself near my head, leaning over so I could start sucking his cock.

Amal crawled back partly on top of me, and I felt his brushy face between my legs. It was my turn to grab his head, and grind my hips into his face! I could feel his tongue on my thighs, then my pussy, then rubbing against my clit... it was all so intense, and the feelings radiated through me, but I was lying down and soon Andrew straddled my chest, and his cock was resting on my face.

With a pillow under my head, I started licking his cock, then his balls as he moved them towards me. Pretty soon Andrew was thrusting his cock into my mouth, essentially face fucking me, but the feelings of Amal's tongue and Andrew's incredible dick has turned me completely submissive.

I would take anything.

I came the first time as Amal started sliding a finger into my pussy. I must have been incredibly wet, as he slid right in, even as my pussy tightened and shuddered with my orgasm. That was an early orgasm, even for me, but fortunately I can have multiple rolling orgasms if I'm turned on enough.

And I was definitely turned on enough.

His mouth on my clit and finger inside of me were so overpowering, I could easily take the increasingly rough face-fucking that Andrew was giving me. But soon he told me to sit up, and he sat next to me on the couch, with Amal still fingering me. Soon he took my place laying back against the armrest and pillow.

His cock stood straight up, with my spit dripping all over. It was gorgeous.

I needed it.

I somehow pushed Amal out of me, and turned around to get on all fours. I started sucking Andrew again, and was definitely aware that my ass was right in Amal's face. He didn't miss a beat, and started eating me out right away.

At first, he was going for my pussy, but soon I felt him exploring upwards, and sure enough, his tongue started circling my ass. I was very glad I had just waxed - I knew from looking in my hand mirror that my asshole looked tight and cute, not exactly bleached, but clean, cute, and clearly delicious to Amal.

As flattering and hot as that was, I just started automatically started climbing up on Andrew, and he grabbed a condom out of his pants on the floor just as I started rubbing my wet pussy against his cock. His slipped it on, and I looked back at Amal, who nodded at me.

I needed no more encouragement.

My tight, throbbing wet pussy enveloped his cock, and I quickly had him completely inside me. We both moaned, and I started riding up and down,, eyes rolling to the back of my head as I felt wave after wave of pleasure roll through me.

Soon I felt Amal behind me, navigating the crowded tangle of my legs and Andrew's legs on the couch.

I had been in suspense all night.

Wondering if this was going to happen.

Not sure if I was hoping it would, or hoping it wouldn't.

Amal was touching my ass as it rode up and down. Getting in our rhythm, giving me time to accept it.

His hand moved closer to my asshole with every thrust, and soon I could feel his finger pressing in, and I felt the fluids from my pussy lubricating his finger. After a moment of resistance as his finger pressed through my tight, puckered asshole, I soon realized he had an entire finger inside.

I turned and looked at him, and saw the same desperate hunger he had when we were first in that Uber.

I smiled. I saw him put on a condom, and it looked well-lubed. I nodded again, just in case he had someone missed my invite.

Soon, he was hunched over me, and I could feel his powerful frame above Andrew and I. Slowing down, I felt Amal position the head of his cock at my asshole. The thought of being filled by these two men, it was so overwhelming, it didn't feel like it could actually be happening.

But suddenly it was. I tried to relax, and my ass expanded as his head pushed in, and the fullness of these two huge cocks inside me took my breath away. 

Soon he was pushing further, and my breath was clipped as I tried to relax enough to take him. It hurt a bit, but was also so good that the pain somehow added to the pleasure. It's hard to explain, but it was incredible.

Soon his cock was entirely inside me, and I looked Andrew right in the eyes. We were both wide-eyed. It was beyond intimate. I knew he could feel Amal's cock inside me. And that the three of us were all feeling the same hard-to-imagine pleasure. I started rocking back and forth more, with Andrew reaching up to cradle my breasts, and Amal behind me, pushing his cock into the depths of my ass.

Before I even saw it on Andrew's face, I subconsciously could tell he was getting close. I don't even know how he lasted this long. I looked down, and leaned in to kiss him. Leaning in further, I whispered in his ear, "cum for me Andrew, I need it baby, cum for me..."

...and he came, hard, groaning loudly, "oh fuck Riley, fuuuuuuck."

I just tried to steady myself, since Amal was still in my ass, and Andrew was thrusting more than I could control. But he settled down, and after a few seconds, his cock slipped out of my pussy. He pulled out the condom, trying to tie it up, but plenty spilled on his stomach and chest.

I lied down on top of his sexy body, feeling Amal's weight as he rested his body on top of mine, continuing to rock slowly in and out of my ass. Andrew's cock was still half hard, and I felt it against my sweaty stomach.

With only Amal still fucking me, I could concentrate on his rhythm and the deep intensity of being anally fucked by this gorgeous black man. The sensation was most around my tight asshole, but I could feel him deep inside me. A depth of feeling of penetration unlike anything I had experienced before.

I wanted him to finish. Not so it would be over, but so I could feel it all. Feel how deep he could go. I wanted that final thrust which would make my eyes go wide.

"Oh baby, oh Amal I want it... give it to me... cum in my tight ass please, please give me your cum baby."

He started moaning - "Riley, oh baby" - and grabbed my ass tightly with one hand, and my neck with the other. I felt a deep thrust, heard him moan, and then felt him groan loader, pushing his hard cock all the way in - it was so deep!

But I wasn't expecting the next part.

Somehow, between the intensity of Amal's cock inside me, and Andrew's semi-hard cock against my clit and stomach, an orgasm started rolling over me, apparently coming out of nowhere.

I reached over my head to grab Amal's head, and held Andrew's shoulder as the orgasm built, and my whole body shook... "oh FUCK!" I almost yelled. I reached down, holding Andrew's cock against my clit to make it last a bit longer, somehow craving Amal's cock even as it was still deep inside my ass...

And then it was over. I collapsed on Andrew, and Amal on top of me. We lay there panting, and all spent the night. It wasn't the kinkiest night I'd ever had, but it was by far the most intense, and one of the most surprising, and still makes me wet to think about.