 Just a quickie I tossed off. Everyone is over 18

*

Cold rain whipped at the platform, umbrellas held low almost like shields to protect the passengers who waited in the shifting lines to board the train cars. Elizabeth Reynolds, sandwiched between two large men tried to maintain some semblance of propriety but the surging crowd made it impossible not to crush her body up against the man in front of her while the man to her rear fought a valiant, but ultimately unsuccessful battle to keep from pressing his midsection into her curvaceous posterior. She might have felt some inkling of arousal if the weather were not so harsh and sudden. The late spring storm had whipped up out of nowhere, not an altogether unheard of occurrence in this part of the country, but the frigid temperatures and the amount of rain were completely astounding. Elizabeth's smart dress and overcoat were no match for the downpour and during the wait to board the train she found herself soaked almost completely through. 

Another surge from behind and she felt the gentleman to her rear take hold of her waist to brace himself from toppling over her. Turning she gave him a tight smile and the handsome man, maybe a few years older than her thirty five, returned her silent lament with a sheepish shrug. Soon they found themselves inside the protective confines of the train car and Elizabeth wound her way to the cabin she had been assigned to. It was empty for the time and she pulled her coat off before sitting down heavily.

Her day at the bank had been long and tiring, as it always was for a branch manager. All day long she had been hounded by her subordinates for answers and directives. Sitting in the quiet car was the first true moment of peace she had felt in weeks. Closing her eyes she began to think of the weekend that was in store for her and the seeming ages that had passed since she had last seen Jacob. An older man, perhaps nearing the age of her own father if she dared allowed herself to gauge such similiarities, he was well established in his profession and was often sought out to provide insight for others who needed his keen mind. His powerful manner had taken her in under his sheltering affection and it was within his embrace that Elizabeth felt truly safe. For far too long she had been driven by her career that she had fallen into the trap of becoming the master in all of her relationships, so much so that the men she felt she should attract were driven from her and it left only a sea of sissy suitors that she detested. Then one night at a cocktail party Jacob had challenged her, defied her assumptions and had proven her wrong on more than one point. At first she was filled with humiliation and anger but he did not belittle her for her mistakes, in fact praised her for her willingness to take chances more timid men would never have dared. 

It had seemed perfectly natural when Elizabeth had ended up in Jacob's bed. She was willing and pliable, yet with a streak of rebeliousness that intrigued her lover. His firm hand and insistent love making had made her remember the joys of being feminine. She had found the submissive part of her mind that had been begging to be released and at last Jacob had unlocked that part of her psyche she had quietly imprisoned in favor of her business success. It was with a smile that she traveled so many miles to return to him. 

Thinking of Jacob she was reminded of his request this trip and she unzipped her hanging garment bag to pull out the outfit he had provided for her. It was a gray cotton skirt that would be very short on her womanly figure, a white blouse that buttoned in the front with an emblem sewn just under the left collar, a pair of white knee high socks and a pair of black patent leather shoes. When she had received the package in the post she was mildly amused and couldn't believe that Jacob was so taken by the most common of fantasies. Yet his instructions were plain and she was very careful to obey his wishes. 

Gathering her clothing and her bag she made her way to the restroom to change. In the cramped confines she was barely able to move about and bumped her elbow and her legs against the walls more than once. Removing her soaking wet dress she used some paper towels to dry her body off but found that she could not dry her bra enough to prevent wet stains on the blouse. With a shrug she removed the bra and pulled the blouse over her shoulders and buttoned it up neatly. Looking at herself in the mirror she could see the faint outline of her areola and the slight protrusion of her stiffening nipple. The skirt and socks were easily pulled on and before she knew it Elizabeth could have been the star attraction of a very naughty day dream. Pulling her hair back into a ponytail she applied makeup in the styles she had seen young women apply and soon she was very much the epitome of wanton desire. Her eyes were alive with a sexual hunger that the younger women she was dressed like lacked. When at last her transformation was complete she took one last look and found that her panties were becoming damp at the thoughts of how Jacob would react when he laid eyes upon her.

Returning to her cabin she found two young men and a young woman sitting on the plush benches that faced each other. When they looked up at her Elizabeth watched as the college aged boys stared at her appraisingly, their hungry eyes devouring every inch of exposed flesh while their minds conjured up what she must look like where the clothes hid her skin from view. Immediately a blush crept up Elizabeth's cheek, she felt exposed and horribly silly. Here she was a middle thirties bank manager dressed in such a tart like fashion right in front of a young woman who was dutifully dressed in a nearly identical outfit. The young woman, a dark haired, paled skinned beauty with a fierce nose and rather haughty eyes, looked Elizabeth over with a fair amount of disbelief. A satisfied smirk settled upon the girls face as she came to the conclusion that Elizabeth was trying to achieve with deceit what this girl had by rights. 

Sitting down upon the bench Elizabeth pulled her belongings tightly to her as she tried to hide beneath the garment bag and her pile of wet clothes. She looked about and saw that they were all from the same boarding school as the emblem on their jackets were the same. As her eyes darted between them not one spoke a word, the boys, as she thought of them, had wandering eyes that would scan over her legs and more whenever she wasn't looking directly at them. The girl finally huffed and rolled her eyes before she roughly pulled a book out of her bag and began to turn the pages noisily. 

Elizabeth didn't know how long the boys worked her over with their eyes, not that she was frightened, but she was very much dressed for one activity and if not for the other girl she might not have stepped into this den of hungry wolves. At last her cell phone began ringing in her bag, a sound that for some reason was the beckoning call of salvation and she heard herself exhale loudly as she fumbled to answer it.

"Ms. Reynolds," she answered crisply, her anxiety fleeing as she gripped the cool piece of plastic and metal. "Oh, yes. Sorry Jacob," she said softly after a moment. "Of course. No, I was hoping you'd call." She sat with her back straight and her knees pressed tightly together to keep prying eyes from sliding up her skirt any further than they could already go. Her arms were pulled in tight, her elbows tucked into her tummy to try and cover as much of her chest as possible. 

"I take it you are on the train," Jacob said, he could hear her discomfort and it amused him. 

"Yes and when I arrive I think we should have a discussion about the travel arrangements," she hissed, looking up to find that the two young men had not relented in their staring. Liz looked to the girl for sympathy but was greeted with a glare. 

"Tell me who is in the cabin with you," he said simply.

"Jacob," she said reproachfully, "I think it would be rude-".

"Tell me," he cut her off, his tone commanding.

Liz swallowed hard and then looked at the man seated next to her. "One is a sandy haired gent, I'd say about six feet tall, perhaps a hundred and eighty pounds. He has a dimple and he thinks he's being very clever looking at my legs when my head is turned." The other male student laughed at his friends shocked expression and even the girl snickered at the comment. 

"The other boy," Liz continued, "is a roguish sort with messy brown hair that is in dire need of a haircut. His jaw is very masculine and his scruffy beard makes him seem very cuddly." He beamed at the description Liz made of him, looking to his mates with a proud air. "He is very obviously a momma's boy as he can not seem to get enough of looking at my breasts." The boy next to Liz let out a hearty laugh at his friends sudden choking but the young woman did not join in this time. 

"Lastly there is a young woman here," Liz said into the phone, her eyes meeting up with the coed sitting across from her. "She has hair as black as the night sky and her eyes sparkle like the stars on the blue sea." Liz's description had caused the young ladies harsh stare to turn softer. "She-" Liz started.

"Mary," she supplied.

"Mary," Elizabeth corrected, "has very well toned legs that are breathtaking." For a moment the two women openly appraised each other and at last Elizabeth caught a hint of disapproval. "I don't think she likes my outfit very much Jacob," Liz admitted. 

"I want you to pull your skirt up," Jacob said. 

Elizabeth sat frozen for a moment, unable to breathe. Her eyes darted from the two men to Mary and then down to her lap. She could feel a quivering in her stomach and fear seemed to freeze her blood. Jacob waited patiently for her to comply, listening to her breathing become faster as she contemplated his request. For a long minute there was nothing but silence and then he heard the faint gasp of the young woman in the cabin with his lover. Liz's fingers had pulled and bunched the material of her skirt until it was nothing but a belt of gray cotton that lay across her tummy. The entirety of her panties were exposed to the gaze of these three youngsters and Mary's horrified stare made her burn with shame. 

"Good," Jacob said soothingly. "Now spread your legs apart." Elizabeth cursed silently, he would know that she would try to maintain some dignity and would not allow her this concession. The man next to her leaned forward to get a better look and the other guy sat up straighter as he tried to convince himself he was indeed seeing what she was showing. "Further," Jacob urged. Liz spread her legs until she was lewdly on display to these three students she could have been a sitter for when they were all younger. 

Mary tried to bury her face in her book, but her gaze kept lifting over the pages to look at Elizabeth's exposed body. She could see a small shadow forming where the center of the woman's sex was covered by the plain white cotton. In the confined space of the small cabin there was a hint of arousal that was beginning to permeate the air. The dark haired student ran his hand over his scruffy beard and he looked to his friend in incredulous disbelief. 

"Slide your fingers beneath your knickers," Jacob said softly. Elizabeth closed her eyes and pushed her fingers under the waistband of her panties until she felt the fine hairs that surrounded her sex. She heard some shuffling and when she peeked both boys were seated in front of her now, Mary having been pressed up against the paneled wall. The fabric of her underwear was pulled tight and the shape of her sex was clearly visible as it bit into her skin. The shadow had become darker, it was a growing wetness that was seeping out down into the seat. "Touch your nubbin," Jacob's voice cut through her haze, for a moment she had forgotten he was on the phone. 

Her finger slid over the hood of her clit and she was wracked by a shiver as the pleasure of her touch raced over her body. The lips of her sex were rapidly becoming inflamed and they opened up awaiting a lover to appear and fulfill her desire. The three students watched in awe as this woman began to pleasure herself wantonly in front of them. The boys were not immune to her display and soon they were sporting trouser tenting erections which they rubbed furtively as they stared on in fascination. Mary was secretly pressing her palm over her mound beneath her skirt while she held up her book to cover her actions. The dark haired young man looked over and caught sight of what she was doing and placed a warm kiss on her lips.

"Touch inside," Jacob instructed. 

The sandy haired boy stared unblinkingly at Liz's panties while her fingers bunched up and then pressed into her body. His groan mixed with hers and she opened her eyes to look directly at him, though his gaze was directed at her barely covered cunt. For a long moment she sawed her fingers in and out of her sex, the smell of her self abuse filling the room with her heady scent. At last the young man looked at her face, his eyes filled with barely restrained lust as he licked his lips voraciously. 

"They're watching me, Jacob," she pleaded, her voice betraying her arousal. 

"Does it embarrass you? Are you ashamed?" Jacob challenged in her ear. "Are you a dirty girl who likes to have people watch you touch yourself?" His words burned in her mind and she closed her eyes so that she couldn't see them anymore. She could hear the sounds of her fingers sliding into her sopping pussy, the sloshing sounds loud in the tiny cabin. "Give yourself over, give yourself over," Jacob chanted in a whisper. "Let them drink of you," he commanded quietly. The phone slid from her hand and fell to the carpeted floor. Mary looked down and picked it up.

"You still there?" Mary asked. 

"Yes," Jacob answered, "what is she doing?" 

"Your strumpet is busy stroking her beaver like she's the only one in the world. I think poor Mark is about to go out of his mind. I can't be held responsible for what he does to her. I think if anyone is to blame it's you," she accused Jacob. 

"Mark can have her, she'll be his willingly, I assure you." 

At Jacob's words Mary slapped Mark's knee and he looked at her. With a quick jerk of her head she nodded to Liz and he understood. Mark knelt on the floor of the cabin and took hold of Liz's thighs as he lowered his face to her panty clad pussy. He rubbed his mouth over the damp underwear and then pressed his tongue as far into her as he could. Liz quickly pulled the gusset of her knickers to the side and then his lips and tongue were on her properly. 

For long moments Mark delved into Liz's sex as Mary described in lewd details all that was being done. The other chap was busy cuffing his cock that he had slipped through the fly of his trousers. Mary was quietly cupping his balls and kissing him between narrating the events to Jacob. At last Mark came up for air and he flipped Liz onto her tummy so that her bum was sticking out to him. Liz looked up and saw that Mary had taken over on the other man's cock and was stroking it slowly as the pair watched her and Mark. 

"Come over here," Mary instructed, taking Liz by the chin and leading her to the other bench. "Rick wants some of your mouth." Jacob heard the words and groaned aloud.

Liz looked up and the roguish student just stared down at her with heavy lidded eyes as Mary pushed the crown of his stiff cock between her lips. The taste of his flesh in her mouth was salty and satisfying. Behind her she felt her skirt being pushed up onto the small of her back and her knickers were lowered to her knees. The sound of a belt being unbuckled and a zipper being lowered barely registered in her mind until she felt the head of another prick being pushed between the buttery folds of her slit.  

"They're filling her from both ends," Mary whispered in awe into the phone. "She looks like she loves it, she does. I dare say you have a complete whore on your hands here." 

The words filled Liz with shame and pride at the same time. Her thoughts raced to her parents who raised her up proper and respectful and she imagined them looking in through the window of the train and seeing her the plaything of two young men who could have been her nephews. The idea of her father looking down upon her with horror made her pussy spasm as she then imagined his cock growing large within his pants and the envious glares he would be shooting Mark and Rick. Her minds eye flickered and she pictured herself on the board room table at the bank, her subordinates walking in and out pretending not to notice the royal fucking she was receiving, yet out of the corner of her eye she could see every lad wishing he was the one doing the plowing and every lass wishing she was the furrow.

"Okay," Mary said into the phone and then she placed it on the seat just beneath Liz's face where Rick's cock was noisily sliding between her lips. Drool and spit slithered over her chin and dripped messily onto the cushion and splattered onto her phone where Jacob could hear every grunt, groan and slurp. "He says you have to take it all in your mouth," Mary said in her ear while her fingers entwined in Liz's hair and she began to push down on every stroke of Mark's cock into her mouth. "She's gonna drink your cum baby," Mary said looking up at her boyfriend. "Give her a big load to swallow baby," she encouraged. 

Liz stroked the exposed portion of Rick's cock she couldn't get into her mouth. Her tongue slashed at the underside of his vein covered flesh as she felt him stiffen and then suddenly the explosion of white hot jizz was gushing into her mouth. Her cheeks bellowed out trying to contain it all and then she was trying to swallow, but there was too much. A stream of creamy, white liquid oozed from the corner of her mouth that covered his stalk and then settled into the wiry nest of pubic hairs. 

As she came down she became aware of the sound of slapping skin and then she felt Mark's hands gripping her fleshy ass as he slammed his member into her willing channel. Lowering her head to the cushion between Rick's thighs she grunted and groaned as she was fucked nearer and nearer to her impending orgasm, every utterance caught by the phone where Jacob listened intently. At last the room was filled with the cries of the two achieving their climax, Mark's seed splashing into her silken vise. 

Liz became aware of a buzzing some minutes later and she looked down to see her phone was still connected with her lover. Picking it up she heard Jacob calling her name over and over. Catching her breath she was finally able to speak.

"I'm here love," she said.

"Ahh dear, I was afraid you might have passed out. I only have one last task for you," he said sweetly.

"What my love?" she couldn't think of anything else she could give these young men.

"You need to finish Mary," he said. The words hung in the air as Liz tried to comprehend their meaning and it was as if they were elusive shadows she could not grasp. At last she looked up and the coed was staring down at her with a devilish smile and then she was parting her thighs. Liz could see that the panties the young woman wore were pulled to the side and her clean shaven pussy was puffy and slick. Mary pulled back on the hood that barely covered her distended clit and gave it a small rub. 

"Ok dear," Liz said into the phone, suddenly filled with new enthusiasm. "I'll see you when I arrive at the station." She hung up the phone and dove into the delight that was presented before her. She feasted on the smooth peach of this young woman who had looked down upon her for being such a harlot and she was delirious with desire as she caught sight of the two young men fisting their revitalized poles. 
