 There I was, lying on the floor naked, enjoying the subsiding contractions of the most intense orgasm I had ever experienced. I had just been fucked by two men (my husband Keith and his best friend Mike), and it was everything I had imagined. As I lie there, enjoying the moment, my mind began to process what had just happened and consider the possibilities of what was to come. Would this happen again or would things be weird between us now? I slowly opened my eyes in time to see my husband and Mike give each other a stealthy high-five and knew that things would be o.k.  Mike leaned over, kissed me gently on the cheek and said, "Thank you, Dina. You were incredible." He then got up and started getting dressed. 

As he stood, I couldn't help but stare at his cock. It was still semi-hard and glistening from my juices. I thought about how just moments before, he had been inside of me and felt my pussy pulsate at the memory. I looked over at Keith and saw that he'd noticed me staring at Mike's dick. He just smiled and winked at me, his way of letting me know that he didn't mind. 

Keith stood up and said, "Thanks, buddy. That was great. We should definitely get together again, soon." 

"Well, you two can always come and visit me in Chicago. I just bought a new place and have a beautiful view of the lake."

Keith looked at me and said, "How does that sound to you honey?"

I said, "Sounds great. I've never been to Chicago." 

Mike hugged us goodbye and said he'd be in touch soon, then left. I looked over at Keith and waited for the questions I knew were coming. 

"Well?"

"Well what?" I asked teasingly.

"How was it?" 

"It was fine." I shrugged and walked into the kitchen, knowing that he was going nuts, wanting to know every detail. 

Keith knew my sense of humor and that I was messing with him. So, he just laughed and followed me into the kitchen, grabbing me around the waist from behind as I reached the counter.

"Not so fast, Miss Nonchalant. I know that it was more than just 'fine'!" 

He pulled me close, and I could feel his cock was already swelling. "Apparently, it was more than 'just fine' for you too!" I said as I reached around and wrapped my hand around his dick. 

I turned and faced him and saw a lust in his eyes I had not seen before. He was so turned on! His cock throbbed in my hand, and I began to caress it with long, sensuous strokes. My pussy, still aching slightly from Mike's cock, began to pulsate again in anticipation of Keith's swollen shaft. He turned me back around, bent me over the kitchen counter and moved behind me. I closed my eyes and put my head down, waiting for him to enter me. He rubbed the head of his cock teasingly against my sensitive pussy lips, then back and forth across my clit. 

"Stop teasing me and fuck me!" I gasped. 

He continued to rub it against my clit and said, "Do you like to fuck?" 

"Yes!" I whispered.

"Did you like having two cocks inside of you at the same time?"

"More than anything!" I barely managed to whisper.

He then slipped the head of his cock into my pussy. 

"Fuck me hard!" I pleaded.

That was all he needed to hear. Keith began to pound my pussy from behind. His cock was bigger than I'd ever felt it. My pussy lips were stretched tightly around his shaft, gripping it like a tight fist. 

As he thrust into me, he gasped, "Did you like having Mike's cock inside your pussy?"

"Yes!"

"Can you still feel him fucking you?"

"Yes!"

He then began to thrust even harder, the head of his cock hitting someplace deep inside of me. I was being taken in a way I had never been taken before. Getting fucked so hard that it was almost animalistic in its intensity. His hands held my hips in a vice-like grip, his cock thrust in and out of my pussy like a piston, his crotch slammed against my ass. 

He was going so deep that it hurt a little, and I gasped each time his cock rammed into me. I thought about trying to get him to slow down a little. But I knew that no matter what I said, I would not reach him. His mind had been taken over by unbridled lust, and I was completely at his mercy. I surrendered my body to his pounding cock and felt myself go dizzy from the excitement building inside of me. I felt his cock start to throb and knew he was going to cum. At that moment, I felt myself begin to go over the waterfall with him. My body convulsed in waves of orgasmic release. Keith's cock exploded inside of me, shooting loads of cum deep into my body. We were both lost in the sensation of our bodies joined physically and our minds joined in the vast astral plain of sexual release. We were lost in the feeling of connectedness that exists only for that brief moment, the feeling of two people becoming one. 

I collapsed onto the counter. And Keith collapsed onto me, both of us panting with exhaustion. We stayed there for what seemed like a long time, basking in the after-glow. It was as if we had just had sex for the first time, such was the intensity of our feelings. 

After a few minutes, I looked back over my shoulder and said, "Wow! What got into you?"

He laughed and said, "It's not what got into me. It's what got into you!"

I turned around and pulled him into my arms, my warm breasts pushing against his chest. I nibbled on his ear and whispered, "If that's how you feel, then when are we going to Chicago?" 

"As soon as possible" was all he could say.

*************

The effect that our experience with Mike had on our sex life was amazing! We talked about it often and shared details about what had turned us on the most. We fucked liked newlyweds almost every night. And it seemed like every day, I went to work with a sore pussy. My friends commented on how great I looked and wanted to know what I had been doing. If they only knew!

After several weeks, Mike called Keith at work and asked if we would like to come out for a visit. He told him that he had been dating a woman named Kate whom he'd met at work and that she had similar interests to his ex (Samantha). Keith knew Samantha and knew that she and Mike had been into swinging and that Sam was bi-sexual. So, he knew what Mike meant by "similar interests." What he didn't know was what effect this news would have on me. 

When Keith came home from work that day, I was in the kitchen preparing dinner when he walked up behind me, kissed me on the cheek and casually mentioned "Mike called today."

I had been chopping lettuce and felt myself stop for a second as the mention of Mike sent a pulse through my stomach and into my pussy. I resumed my chopping and said, "Really? How's he doing?"

"Fine. He met a girl at work and they've been dating."

Thoughts immediately flashed through my mind. He met a girl? He's dating?!?! My mind was whirling. Ever since our threeway, I had thought of little else. And now, I was worried that it may never happen again. 

I tried to sound as casual as possible and asked, "How serious are they?"

Keith knew me too well and could sense the tension in my voice. He came over and hugged me, then said, "I know what you're thinking. Don't worry. I talked to Mike, and both of us want to share you again. Except . . ."

"Except what?"

"Except Kate will probably want to be there too" he said as he grabbed a beer and quickly scooted out of the kitchen. 

"Kate?" I said as I followed him into the living room. "That's her name?"

"Yes. And she's bi. So, you can finally explore those fantasies we've always talked about." 

I didn't know what to say. After our first experience with Mike, I had always fantasized about how things would happen when we went to Chicago. And those fantasies definitely did not involve sharing my men with "Kate" or any other woman for that matter. I just shook my head and walked back into the kitchen. Keith knew me well enough not to say anything more. I needed to process this information, and he gave me my space. 

During dinner, we didn't say much, both of us lost in our thoughts. I knew that Keith would patiently wait for me to decide what I wanted to do. 

Later that night, as we lie in bed, I could tell that Keith was still awake. I turned toward him, propped myself up on my elbow and asked, "So, what does this 'Kate' girl look like?" 

Keith started chuckling and said "Is that jealousy I hear?"

I laughed, knowing that he me pegged. "Well, it's just that I had always pictured just the three of us when we got together. To be honest, I don't know if I'm ready to share my guys."

"Your guys?" he said, somewhat bemused. "I didn't know that you thought of us that way."

"You know what I mean!"

"Honey, there's no need to worry. There's plenty of us to go around. Besides, from what I hear, Kate has a great bod and likes girls. You can finally try some of things you've always wanted to, but were afraid to ask."

Having said that, he slid himself over to me and nuzzled his face under my boob. He caressed my nipple with his lips and tongue and said, "Wouldn't you like to feel Kate doing this to you?" He then took my nipple into his mouth and began to suck gently. I closed my eyes and pictured this happening and felt my nipples grow hard.

Keith felt this and said, "I think you're warming up to the idea already!"

I just murmured, "Uh huh."

After a few minutes, I pulled his head away from my breast and asked, "Has Mike already discussed this with Kate?" 

"Yes. He told her about us, showed her a picture and said that we might be open to a foursome. She liked the idea and said she wanted to meet us."

"Can he email me a picture of her? I'd like to see what she looks like."

"Sure honey. I'll ask him tomorrow."

We laid there for a few more minutes in silence. Then Keith asked, "So, if she meets your approval, are we going to go to Chicago?"

"We'll see" I said, then rolled over and tried to fall asleep. 

Surprised, Keith said, "What, no sex tonight?"

"Not tonight" I replied. "You need to save your strength, buddy, if you plan on fucking two women." 

He moaned and rolled over. I just smiled and fell asleep. 

************

As I sat at my desk at work the next day, a message popped up that I had a new email. I saw that it was from Mike and had an attachment. My heart fluttered a little and my hand shook as I nervously reached over to open my email. What did she look like? Would I like her?

I clicked on the email and saw a photo of Mike and Kate under a message which read, "Looking forward to seeing you, Mike."

I don't know why, but I was surprised at how attractive I found Kate. She was gorgeous! She had straight brown hair cut fashionably just past her shoulders. Her eyes were a beautiful green, and her smile was dazzling. The picture was taken at a social gathering and she was wearing a green dress which showed her body very well. Her legs were long and slender and her breasts looked naturally large and firm. Seeing her, standing there all gorgeous in the arms of Mike, I suddenly felt a little insecure. What if the boys liked her better than me? I clicked off the email and tried to concentrate on work, but kept re-opening the email and to look at her.

Later that night, I asked Keith, "So, did Mike send you an email today with a picture of Kate?"

"Yes, he did."

"What did you think?" I asked.

"She's pretty." was all he said.

I didn't say anything and sat there for a few minutes. Keith knew my mind was whirling, but didn't want to say the wrong thing. Finally, he got up and walked over to me. He wrapped his arms around me and said, "Honey, don't worry. I think you're every bit as beautiful as her. Truly."

I kissed him on the cheek and said, "Thanks. I needed that."

Just then, the phone started to ring. I walked over and answered it.

"Hello?"

A woman voice on the other end asked, "Hi, is this Dina?"

"Yes."

"Hi Dina. It's Kate . . . Mike's girlfriend." 

I was surprised and didn't know what to say. Finally I managed to say, "Hi Kate. It's nice to meet you."

She said, "It's nice to meet you too! Listen Dina, I know this is a little weird me calling you. But Mike and I were just talking about you. And, to be honest, I was telling him that I was feeling a little insecure because you were so beautiful and you guys all knew each other so well. He said that you were one of the coolest women he'd ever met and that I should just call you. So, I did. I hope you don't mind."

Hearing the honesty and sincerity in her voice, I liked her instantly and said, "No, not at all."

We then began to talk, and I told her that Keith and I had just been having a very similar conversation about my insecurity over her. Then we both started laughing at how silly we were. We stayed on the phone for about an hour and found that we had a lot in common. We also talked about the guys and shared stories about them with each other. By the time I got off the phone, I realized that I had found a friend.

I walked over to Keith and said, "O.k, I'm ready to go to Chicago."

************

Two weeks later, Keith and I were on a plane heading from Denver to Chicago. I tried to read, but couldn't stop thinking about what would happen when we got there. I looked out the window and tried to visualize how it would go down. Multiple scenarios flitted through my head - all of them exciting. 

When we landed at O'Hare, Mike and Kate were waiting for us. Mike was his usual handsome self, and Kate looked even more gorgeous in real life - even though she was wearing hardly any make-up and had dressed way down. She had her hair pulled up into a pony tail and had on a pair of jeans which fit her like a glove. She also was wearing a Cubs t-shirt with no bra on underneath. I couldn't believe how perfect her tits looked! It was kind of cold in the air-conditioned terminal and her nipples were perky. She immediately came over to me and gave me a warm hug. Her breasts pushed up against mine, and I could feel their warmth and softness through the thin material. The boys gave each other a man hug then hugged Kate and I and kissed us on the cheek. We were off to a good start.

On the way to Mike's, the guys rode in the front, while Kate and I sat in the back and talked. Mike drove us around Chicago and showed us some if the sights as we headed for his place. We drove east along the river on Wacker Drive, and, of course, the two twelve year olds in the front seats had to make jokes about that. Kate and I just looked at each other and rolled our eyes. 

Around Michigan Avenue, we rounded a bend and saw the blue waters of Lake Michigan sparkling in the afternoon sun. It was a gorgeous view. Sailboats glided through the water, and skiers cut back and forth through the wakes of dozens of boats. We turned north on Lake Shore and were soon pulling into a parking garage beneath a large condo building. Mike parked in a space and said, "Here we are." We rode the elevator up to the 15th floor and walked down to the end of the hall. Mike opened the door and said "Home sweet home."

His place was spectacular! With views of the Lake Michigan and the Chicago lakefront. He took our bags and said, "Follow me." He led us to a bedroom overlooking the lake and said, "Take your time to get freshened up. When you're ready, I'm taking us out to dinner." 

Keith and I both took showers. When I had finished with mine, I looked at my naked body in the mirror and evaluated it in comparison to Kate's. I had always been proud of my body. I had nice tits and firm legs. But, after seeing Kate, I wasn't so sure of myself. Keith walked by and saw me assessing my body. He popped his head in the bathroom and said, "Honey, you look great! I caught Mike eyeing your body several times today."

"Really?" 

"Yeah, and he had that look I know so well. So, don't worry he still wants to get in your pants." With that, Keith patted my bare ass and left. 

I held my boobs in my hands and let them drop. They bounced off my chest with a nice firm jiggle. "I still got it." I murmured to myself. I turned, took one last look at my ass in the mirror, nodded and went to get dressed. 

When we emerged from our bedroom, Mike and Kate had showered and changed also. Mike was wearing a nice shirt and slacks, and Kate was wearing a blue dress which really showed off her body. The dress was short and showed most of her tanned legs.The top part of the dress barely covered her breasts, it seemed as if one false move by Kate and her boobs would slip out. Again, it was evident that she was not wearing a bra as her nipples were on display for the boys. I was envious of they way she moved so sensuously as she walked around the condo, her breasts swaying in rhythm with her every move. I could tell that Keith wanted her in a big way and realized that I did too!

I was wearing a short skirt and a low-cut blouse which showed off my assets rather well too. Not wanting to be outdone, I had chosen to go braless as well. And every time I bent over, everyone got an eyeful of my tits, nipples and all, swinging free under my blouse. So, I made sure to bend over in front of them every chance I got. Whenever I did this, Keith would look to see Kate and Mike's reaction. Mike would just stare, mesmerized by the sight. Kate would look at my boobs and then smile at me. She knew what I was doing and was amused by it. We'd developed an understanding of each other and both knew intuitively that we weren't competing with each other and were just having fun teasing the boys. What no one else knew, however, was that I had also chosen not to wear panties and was bare-assed naked under my skirt. 

Mike took us to a nice restaurant and had reserved one of those U-shaped booths in the back. The booth had high sides and was pretty private. We all ordered drinks and started to get pretty tipsy right away. When we first sat down, Kate and I were in the middle. Keith sat next to me and Mike sat next to Kate. After a few rounds of drinks, Keith said he had to go the restroom, and Mike said he needed to go too. As soon as they were gone, Kate said to me, "Now, what do you suppose they're up to?"

I said, "I don't know. But with those two, nothing would surprise me."

Kate looked at me and said, "I'm so glad you guys came here to visit. I really like you, Dina."

"I like you too, Kate."

Hearing this, she leaned toward me, placed her hand on my knee and said, "I'm happy to hear that." She then began to caress my knee and slowly slid her hand up my thigh. I had never been touched by a woman like that. Her fingers were so soft. I open my legs wider for her. She smiled, slipped her hand up under my skirt and discovered that I wasn't wearing panties. 

"Oh, you naughty girl!" she purred as she touched my shaved pussy and began to rub my clit in slow, sensuous circles. I was so wet! She slipped her finger inside of me and began to finger bang me. I looked around nervously to see if anyone was watching. We were so far back in the booth that no one could really see us, so I laid my head back and closed my eyes, enjoying the sensation. I felt her warm breath on my neck and felt her lips as she kissed, then nibbled on my earlobe. I felt myself approaching climax when I heard Mike's voice say, "I see you two have hit it off."

I opened my eyes and saw the boys standing there watching us. I looked at Kate and was surprised to see that she wasn't the least bit embarrassed. She just kept staring into my eyes and continued to slip her finger slowly in and out of my pussy. It was such an incredibly erotic moment! 

Keith looked over his shoulder and said, "Here comes our waiter with dinner." 

Kate pulled her finger out, lightly kissed me on the lips and said, "To be continued . . ."

When the boys sat down, they switched spots, Keith sat by Kate, and Mike sat by me. I looked at Kate and said, "See what I mean?" She laughed and said, "Oh, yeah."
