 Riley was horny. While this was nothing new it was unusual that he had no immediate plans to fix the problem. Not that he was a super stud or anything but he was a decent looking guy and had a reputation for being good in bed. This was mostly due to the fact that he always made sure to please his partner first, regardless of gender. He ran one hand thru his shaggy brown hair and another across his smoothly muscled chest. His hand continued down and started to slide into the front of his jeans. He stopped. 

"Hell no!" He said to himself. "Time for an unexpected visit!" 

He threw on a t-shirt and grabbed his car keys. He slid behind the wheel of his Jetta sport wagon and headed across town to his favorite girl, Lisa. They had met several months ago during an erotic encounter in a park and while they were not really a couple, he spent more time with her than anyone else. So far she seemed to be fine with the arrangement. He knew he was taking a chance because there was no guarantee she would be available but he did not want to spend the evening alone with his right hand! He pulled up to her apartment building and quickly found an empty spot. He felt himself getting hard at the prospect of finding her home alone; at least he hoped she would be. He got to her door and started to knock but something stayed his hand. Without really knowing why he decided to try the knob instead. To his surprise it opened easily. He stepped inside and closed the door behind him. As he headed toward the living room he started to call out but stopped when he thought he heard a moan. His cock gave a lurch so he knew he had not imagined it. He quietly changed direction and headed for the bedroom. The door was slightly ajar and now he definitely heard a low moaning. He slid up to the door and peeked in. What he saw took his breath away. There on the bed, naked, was Lisa and she was kissing a dark-skinned beauty! He stroked his cock thru his jeans, his brown eyes intent on the action in front of him. 

Lisa was a short-haired brunette with brown eyes and a slightly plump figure. She had nice round tits that Riley loved to squeeze and suck. Her friend had long black hair and amazing green eyes. They flashed with desire as the girl ran her hands over Lisa's breasts. Riley had his cock out now and he stroked it slowly as he watched from the darkened hallway. 

"Mmmmmm" Lisa moaned as her friend sucked at her nipples and squeezed her tits. She ran her hands thru the long hair, wrapping it around her fingers and pulling the girl's head into her chest. The girl pulled more of the tit flesh into her mouth, sucking and nibbling as she kneaded the round globes. She pulled back and reached a hand down to stroke Lisa's wet pussy. 

"What do you want?" She whispered as her fingers slid between the full pussy lips. 

"Oh Diane," Lisa moaned softly, "You know I want your tongue in me!" 

"Ah," thought Riley, "Her name is Diane. Good to know. Christ she is hot!" 

Diane began kissing her way down Lisa's body, making sure to nibble and suck at her sensitive inner elbows. She kissed and licked all the way down her stomach and then flicked her tongue at Lisa's clit. She smiled as she felt her friend's body jerk. She then proceeded to kiss the inner thighs and backs of the knees, her fingers trailing over Lisa's body. Lisa was raising her hips now, her pussy ready and waiting. Diane licked around the swollen pussy flesh and then sucked the lips into her mouth one at a time. Lisa was breathing fast now and her hands were grasping the sheets as she pushed her pussy toward Diane's face. Suddenly Diane thrust her tongue deep into Lisa's pussy, fucking it fast and hard. 

"God, yes!" Lisa gasped. Her hands found Diane's hair. She gripped it, her pussy thrusting against the strong tongue fucking in and out of the wet tunnel. Then Diane slid her tongue up, licking and sucking the hard clit. Her fingers found the steaming hole and fucked deep into it as she teased and lapped the hot wet slit. She slowed her fucking and lifted her head, looking up at Lisa's body writhing on the bed. 

"Damn, you taste good!" She exclaimed happily. Lisa just tightened her grip on Diane's hair and shoved her pussy into the girls face. Diane got the hint. She began licking and finger-fucking in earnest, rubbing the sensitive spot inside the dripping tunnel while alternating between licking and sucking on the hard clit. Lisa was bucking on the bed now, groaning loudly and rubbing herself on Diane's tongue. Diane nibbled the clit and flicked it with the tip of her tongue. Lisa ground her pussy into Diane's face trying to get the girl to make her come. Diane swallowed the juice flowing from the throbbing pussy and then kept up a nice even rhythm she knew would do the trick. She was soon rewarded by Lisa's orgasm. She felt Lisa's clit swell in her mouth and the pussy muscles clamp down hard.

"Ohhhh...damn!!" Lisa cried as she arched her back, coming hard, her pussy squeezing Diane's fingers as the waves of pleasure swept over her. Diane licked a few more times and then let her fingers be pushed out. She felt Lisa's body shudder as she slid up to lay on top of her, kissing her gently. 

"Did I do that right?" She asked, grinning. 

"Oh baby," Lisa sighed. "You know you did!" They kissed and hugged each other for a few moments before breaking apart to lay next to each other, Diane's head on Lisa's shoulder. 

Riley was trying his best not to pop. His cock was rock hard and he had to use every ounce of self-control he had not to just burst into the room and ram it into whichever pussy he could reach first. 

"My turn babe." Lisa said as she rolled on top of Diane. She kissed her deeply and nuzzled her neck. She began to kiss her way down Diane's body, making sure to spend some time sucking on her smallish, firm rounded tits. She sucked and nibbled the nipples, flicking her tongue and then sucking the hard nubs into her mouth. Diane gasped and tangled her fingers in Lisa's hair. 

"Oh, that feels so good" she moaned. 

Lisa just grinned and squeezed the tit flesh roughly while she sucked hard on the nipples. She bit gently eliciting a loud moan from Diane before she began kissing her way down again. She made sure to run her hands over every inch of skin she could reach as she kissed and licked her tummy and thighs. Suddenly she licked Diane's clit and felt her friend jerk. 

"Like that, baby?" she asked as she continued to tease, her tongue flicking in and around the wet pussy. 

"Yes!" Diane gasped, "You are so evil!" 

Lisa just chuckled and teased her some more. Suddenly she thought she heard a noise. She looked at the doorway but did not see anyone. Still.... she shrugged and turned back to the object of her desire.

Riley pulled back just in time. Damn, that was close! He tried to control his breathing but he could not stop stroking himself as he watched the two women making love to each other. 

Lisa thrust her tongue deep into the waiting pussy. She lapped up the sweet juices as she tongue fucked her friend. She licked across the clit and sucked at the pussy lips. Diane was moaning loudly and pumping her hips. Lisa slid a finger inside, pushing and rubbing the special spot inside the molten tunnel. She continued to lick and suck at the clit in the rhythm of the moving hips while she rubbed and fucked with her finger. Suddenly it hit her; what she thought she had seen in the doorway! A cockhead! 

"Please don't stop!" Diane cried as Lisa raised her head up. 

"Don't worry, I won't!" Lisa said as she dove right back into the hot, wet pussy. She was smiling as she realized it had to be Riley! She licked and finger fucked her friend with renewed energy now. She made sure to rub and nibble the clit, sucking it into her mouth and then gently tonguing it until she felt it start to swell. Just as she knew Diane was about to come she reached a hand back, crooked a finger, and made "come here" gestures at the door. 

Riley was surprised when he saw Lisa letting him know to come in. She must have seen him after all! Well, he was now invited and he was not about to turn it down. He eased the door open just as Diane began to cry out with the force of her orgasm. 

"Oh God! Oh baby!" Diane screamed, her hips jerking off the bed. Lisa held on and tongued her pussy just enough to make her squirm even more. 

"Ohhhh..damn!" she cried as she thrashed around on the bed. Lisa finally took pity and let her go, rolling away. 

Riley stepped up to the bed, his pants around his knees now as he reached out for Diane and grabbed her long legs by the thighs. He slid her down to the edge of the bed and before she even realized what was happening he slid all 6 inches of his raging hard-on deep into her dripping pussy. Diane's eyes flew open wide!

"Uhuuhh!" was all she could manage as the handsome stranger thrust in and out of her pussy, his hands holding her legs up, his hips rocking back and forth, balls tapping her ass. Lisa reached out and squeezed Diane's tits. 

"How's that, baby?" She asked as she leaned over to kiss her friend. 

"Good! So good!" Diane moaned, kissing her back. They kissed deeply and caressed each other as Riley continued to fuck, his thrusts beginning to increase in tempo. 

"Oh yes!" Diane groaned, "Fuck me good!" She was pushing back now, matching his thrusts. He grabbed her hips as she wrapped her legs around him and he slammed his cock in. 

"Yes, oh yes!" Diane cried out as Riley fucked her hard and fast, giving her every inch with each thrust. He pounded her with his cock, his balls slapping her ass. Lisa was squeezing and sucking Diane's tits while Riley rammed his dick in and out of the dripping hole. Suddenly he thrust himself deep, arched his back, and groaned loudly as he filled her with his come. 

"Oh man, oh damn!" he cried as he gave a few more thrusts, his semen dripping from her hole. Then he slid out, his cock limp and satisfied. 

Diane and Lisa were kissing again and did not seem to remember he was in the room. He went over to a chair to remove his clothes. They would remember soon enough! He watched the action as he removed his shoes and socks. 

Lisa was on top of Diane and they were kissing deeply as Lisa rubbed her thigh against the sensitive clit. Diane moaned as Lisa moved her whole body so that both of them were getting their pussies rubbed at the same time. Lisa was breathing heavily as she thrust herself into Diane, making sure she was hitting the right spot. Diane was scratching her nails down Lisa's back and squeezing her ass, digging her nails in just enough to make a mark but not draw blood. Lisa grabbed the top edge of the wood bedframe for leverage and began increasing the tempo of her thrusts. Diane raised her leg so that her thigh was pushed against Lisa's pussy nice and tight. Their bodies were rocking the bed now as Lisa rammed herself into Diane. 

Riley tried to slide his jeans off but found that all he could do was watch. He began stroking his cock again.

Lisa reached down and sucked a tit into her mouth. Diane grabbed her hair and groaned. Lisa switched breasts and then began kissing and biting Diane's neck and shoulders. She heard the change in her friends moans and knew she was about to come again! She kept up her rhythm, pounding her body into Diane's until her friend began to come, her orgasm making her gasp.

"Uhhh, Uhhhh! Oh God! Oh Damn!" Diane cried as she held Lisa tight, her body shuddering. Lisa continued to kiss her neck and shoulders, then her lips. Finally she rolled off and lay on her back, catching her breath. Diane just went limp, her body sated. Lisa looked over at Riley and smiled.

"So, Riley- this is Diane. Diane, Riley. Now you two have officially met!" They all laughed. Diane lay back and relaxed while Lisa sat up and motioned to Riley.

"Hey, you ready yet?" she asked Riley, grinning. Riley knew she was being a smart ass but he did not mind. He just smiled back as he held his hard cock for her to see. 

"Well, then! Get over here!" Lisa chuckled. Riley quickly shucked his jeans, walked to the side of the bed and stood in front of her, his cock almost touching her full lips. She got the idea, taking his cock into her mouth. She grabbed the base of his prick and ran her tongue all around the head and the shaft. She sucked him into her mouth and bobbed her head up and down. Riley moaned and grabbed her head thrusting himself into her mouth, enjoying the sight of her lips around his meat. She held him and let him fuck her face a bit before pulling back. 

"Ok, big boy! My turn!" She said, patting her pussy. Riley climbed on the bed and slid between her legs. Diane reached over and squeezed Lisa's breasts as Riley fucked his cock deep into the hot wet pussy. Lisa wrapped her legs around Riley as he fucked her slow and smooth. Diane was sucking and squeezing her tits now. Riley timed his thrusts so that Diane could reach everywhere she wanted. Then he leaned up and pushed Lisa's legs up until they rested on his shoulders. Diane reached down and began playing with Lisa's clit while Riley fucked her deep. 

"Oh baby! That feels so damn good!" Lisa groaned. "Yes, fuck me good!" Riley began pumping his hips a bit faster. Diane was reaching one hand around and squeezing his ass and his balls while she fingered Lisa. Lisa was rubbing and scratching Diane's back, moaning softly. Riley was fucking her nice and steady now, his cock sliding almost all the way out and then slamming back to the hilt, his balls slapping her ass. He felt her pussy muscles contracting around his shaft and he knew she was close. He sped up just a bit, fucking her a little harder. Lisa was groaning loudly as Diane rubbed her clit in a steady rhythm, feeling the little nub swelling. Suddenly Lisa raised her hips and cried out with the force of her orgasm. Her pussy squeezed Riley firmly and he knew he was going to come too. He thrust his cock in deep a few more strokes and then he groaned deeply, her pussy muscles pulling the juice out of his prick, filling her fuck hole and draining him. He slid out, letting her legs fall, come dripping from her slit. 

The girls were once again kissing. This time he crawled between them and joined in. He kissed Lisa deeply and then kissed Diane gently. He lay back and they snuggled on each side of him. He just wrapped an arm around each girl and fell asleep with a big smile on his face. What a nice surprise.