 Just over a year ago at a local pub that I frequent, a few friends of mine and I had an exciting experience with Rita, one of the waitresses and at times a bartender.

To refresh you on the details, Rita took on a group of 7 people including the bartender. She is an amazing looking young girl with long auburn hair and with what appeared to be 36c, 22, 34 measurements.  She weighed in at about 110 lbs and most of that had to be in her chest if you know what I mean.

We screwed her in every hole available for several hours that afternoon and quite often there was more than one man filling her holes at a time.

Since that time, each of us has had the pleasure of Rita's delights. But that was then and this is now, so on with the current fun.

Rita had been tending bar that night, and as always, we were involved in a verbal sparring match that almost always had a double meaning these days. Since our Group fuck, Rita seemed to always want to tease me over anything. If I wore a dark suit into the bar after work, she would say something about it, if I wore a tan suit, she would have another comment. 

Rita was wearing one of those very tight tops that only came down to just below her tits and completely exposed her flat stomach.  Her jeans were of the low cut variety, which left very little to the imagination.  And just like always, she looked fantastic.  Believe me when I tell you this, she could wear a potato sack and look sexy.

It was a Monday night and football season was over so the usual Monday Night Football crowd was not there. I had stopped in after work for a couple of beverages and got into a conversation with a bunch of guys. Time just flew by and before I knew it, 10:00pm rolled around. 

On these non-busy nights, Rita could get off work at 10pm.  When there is a game on, she is there until the bar closes.  I often wonder as I look back on that night if I stayed because I knew she would get off early.... Hmmm, I suppose it's possible.

Rita came around and decided to have a drink before she went on home.  I asked her to sit with me a while to just chat. She agreed and I bought her a drink

We chatted like two old friends for at least another hour and two more drinks.  Rita was feeling no pain and of course, neither was I at that point.

She really didn't look like she could drive so I offered to put her up at my house. Since the wife was in Vegas with her mother I had the house to myself.


She was a little hesitant, but finally agreed.

When we got to my house, I was shocked to find a fire truck at the next-door neighbors house.  It turns out that their house caught fire while they were out of town visiting relatives. At this point the fire seemed to be out.

Out in front of the house were a couple of Firemen and a Policeman and Policewoman.

I went over to talk to them to see if there was anything they needed and Rita joined me.  The Fireman that was clearly the person in charge asked me if I knew how to reach my neighbors and I really didn't know other than to let him know they were visiting out of town relatives in Columbus, Ohio and that the last name was the same.  I thought they could try 411 or something.

I noticed something rather strange in the look on Rita's face. She was staring at the Policewoman with what I thought was contempt.  I tried to ask her what was wrong and she seemed to just look at me and say that the policewoman was a friend of hers from college.  She thought that she had a class with her but was not completely sure.

Well, if you put a hat on a telephone pole, I will carry on a conversation with it. So without hesitation, I walked over to the woman and asked if she attends classes at Kent State.  She said yes and how did I know that.   I pointed to Rita and the Policewoman's face suddenly became quite flush.  This was starting to get a little weird.

The policewoman, Gina was her name as I found out later, walked with me back to where Rita was standing.

I should probably describe Gina so you will get a mental picture of her.  She was probably about 28 or 29 years old, about 5'10", fairly well built although with the police uniform on, it was hard to tell.  My guess is that she was about a 34 or 35b or c cup, maybe a 25-inch waist and hips that were built for action at about 36.  She had beautiful blue eyes and black hair pulled in a bun of some kind.

Gina asked Rita if she could speak with her alone for a second and Rita agreed.  I told them to just go in my house and make themselves at home.

I continued to speak with the firemen and policeman for about 15 or 20 minutes.  It was at this point that I began to wonder about Rita and Gina. I asked the policeman, John was his name, if she saw Gina come out yet.  He said no and we decided to go in a check on them.  With the look that Rita had on her face when she first saw Gina, I just didn't know what to expect.

As we entered the house, we were greeted with the beautiful sounds of two women moaning loudly.  John and I looked at each other and just smiled.

Gina had been John's partner for only about a month now and there was not a question in my mind that something was up with them.  I just have a sense for these things.

As we walked further into my house, what we saw stopped both John and I dead in our tracks.  Gina was laying face up on the couch naked as the day she was born. She had her legs spread wide open and Rita's face was buried in her open gash.

Rita still had her bra on, but nothing else.  Her ass stood up in the air like a magnificent mountain. And I wanted so badly to scale that mountain right then and there.

When Gina heard us gasp, she looked up at John and I. I don't think she knew what to say, but leave it to Rita to take charge.  She said, Jimmy, let me introduce you to the woman that introduced me to pussy last semester.  Jimmy, meet Gina, Gina meet Jimmy. With that, Rita looked at John and me and said very calmly, "well, are you two going to just stare or are you going to get naked and join in the fun".  The look on Gina's face could have stopped traffic (no reference to traffic cops intended here).  

Gina had the look of someone that was just caught with her hand in the cookie jar, that is until Rita went back to work on her sopping wet pussy.  Then it was all moans and closed eyes again. I really don't think Gina cared what happened as long as Rita kept doing what she was doing.

John and I looked at each other and suddenly, without saying a word, began to shed our clothes.  I was the first to get naked since I didn't have to take a gun belt off or any of the other things a cop wears.  

I didn't need any help deciding what I wanted a piece of first.  I moved to Rita's beautiful ass. As I bent over to get a better view, I realized that someone was grabbing my now rock solid 9 inch dick.  It was Rita. She had reached back when she felt me getting closer and grabbed my cock to begin stroking it slowly.

I bent down the rest of the way and began to finger and lick Rita's holes. I had by mouth on her juicy cunt and my finger in her ass.  She was wiggling around and the more I tongued her the more she moved.  It was beginning to become difficult to keep my finger in her hot little star.

Meanwhile, back at the ranch, John walked up to Gina and began feeding her his considerable man meat.  Gina licked it up one side and down the other until she settled on sucking his ball sack into her mouth. John was groaning loudly as Gina again began her assent up his monster shaft placing the bulbous head in her mouth. 

I was just about tired of this foreplay stuff; I needed to ram my cock into something before I went nuts.  I positioned myself behind Rita and moved to stick my dick in her hot hole.

As I entered her, I heard her muffled squeal of delight.  The more I pushed into Rita, the more animated she became. She was pushing back to meet my thrusts and soon we had a little rhythm going there for a while until Gina started screaming that she need a cock in her right now.

John said that if Rita would move, he would be glad to oblige her every need.  Rita took that as a hint and pushed back from Gina's lovely cunt that was glistening with her juices from Rita's attention.

Rita and I moved to the floor where I continued to fuck her with all the strength of a man possessed.  John had gotten down between Gina's legs and began pumping his organ into that hot, wet pussy. 

It was not long before Gina was screaming at the top of her lungs. Man this woman was loud, so loud in fact that it became a distraction for Rita and I. But, being the man that I am, I re-doubled my efforts and continued to pound Rita's beautiful body.

Rita was writhing in joy and I was getting close, the scene was amazing, two very hot woman getting the hell fucked out of them.

Soon John was showing signs of cumming and he too joined our chorus of moans and screams.  Almost at the same time, John, Gina, Rita and I were yelling that we were cumming.  Do you even understand how unusual that must be for four people to all cum at roughly the same time? It's got to be an amazing site.

Once spent, I notice something moving at my front door. When I got up from Rita to take a closer look, I noticed that all the Firemen were standing there lurking in some voyeuristic way.  

I opened the door and invited them in.  What the hell else was I to do?  Rita didn't even bother to cover herself.  She saw men and I think she decided right then and there to have some fun.

Gina was stunned, but John just stood up and began laughing out loud much to our amazement. 

This is where I think I should tell you that John was the son of the fire chief and as it turned out, the fire chief was the one I had been talking to earlier and now he stood there with three others just watching us.

Lots more happened that night, but that's best told in Rita and the Boys 3. Stay tuned.