 Rita and the Boys!

It all started out innocently I guess. I was at the local watering hole with a group of friends. We are all middle-aged, successful businessmen (mostly salesmen) who have been friends for the past 12 or so years. All of us are happily married.

I tell you this so you can get a sense of us as just a bunch of guys that get together to have a few drinks and watch a football game.

We gather at this bar because they have a room full of televisions all tuned to various football games and as always, the Cleveland Browns were on the main 70 something inch wide screen TV . This particular Sunday, the Browns were playing the hated Pittsburgh Steelers. As always, these games bring out the "Man" in us.

What was unusual on this particular Sunday was that we were about the only people in the bar besides the Mark the Bartender and one very exciting waitress named Rita.

Rita is about 22 years old with beautiful long auburn hair that flows to the middle of her back. She could not have weighed more than 110 pounds and most of that had to be in her chest. This girl was really stacked. Although I never asked her, my guess would be 36c 22 34. Her tits were full and round mounds of pert flesh. 

She would always cause a stir in the pants of any man in the room and because of her god given assets, it was common for her to receive large tips.

Being the group clown that I am, Rita and I often teased the hell out of each other. We both enjoyed the playfulness of the situation and the guys always seemed to laugh while watching me attempt to extricate myself from some verbal battle I had gotten myself into with Rita.

This day was no different as I explained to Rita the meaning of the word TIPS. She thought I was nuts when I told her that it stands for "To insure proper service". 

But as usual, Rita had a comeback, she said, "well, then you should tip me before I serve you so that you are sure to get proper service". That's where my nasty mind took over. I told her "I could not possibly afford to tip her enough for the service I wanted".

With a total look of surprise on her face, she turned to me and said, "Try me"! Was this what I thought it was or was this more verbal battle? That's the question that haunted me during the first half of the game. 

Rita continued to tease me every time she brought the drinks we ordered to the table. She would hand one of the other fellows a drink and in the process would lean over me and put her tits right in my face. As it turns out, this incidental contact was not lost on my group of friends.

As I said this group of my friends are successful businessmen and as such, when an opportunity appeared before any of us, it didn't fall on blind eyes.

Joe, the oldest of my friends at 52 asked Rita if she were willing to give us a half time show. She just looked at him and smiled with that beautiful mouth and asked, "What type of a show would you like"?

Joe is the consummate professional, and in a very matter of fact way, said that he wanted her to dance for us. Then it was Bill and Frank and Mark (not the bartender) all chiming in agreeing with Joe. I found myself jumping on the bandwagon as well.

Rita smiled and walked to the waitress station at the bar and summoned Mark the Bartender over for a discussion. We could not hear what she told him but by Marks reaction, she must have told him of our request. He stopped being amazed and started laughing. All we heard him say was, "Rita, are you sure?" Rita shook her head in the affirmative.

Mark shrugged his shoulders and circled the bar to lock the front door and pull the blinds down. We knew at this point that the fun was soon to begin.

Rita approached our table and said, "look guys, this will never happen again, and the only reason it may happen now is that the bar was empty except for us and that I need the money for school". The only thing I heard was "may happen" so I asked her what she meant by that. Rita explained that she would require a "Good" tip, otherwise, she could not insure proper service". My words came back to haunt me, but at this point I didn't care. If my friends and I would put up enough money, we would get to see that beautiful body. That was all that was on my mind at that moment.

I asked Rita what she would consider a proper Tip? She said, "Jimmy, that's for you to figure out". 

I asked her to leave us to discuss this matter.

After some discussion, we decided on $100 per person making the total $600. I was proud of my friends for coming up with the money without so much as a whimper.

I motioned for Rita to come back to the table and as she approached I realized that I would pay more then we had collected just to see this lovely creature naked.

Joe explained that we had gathered $600 for her tip and that we would like the show to begin now.

Rita looked at me and smiled, she turned to the bartender and asked him to turn the TV sound down and play the song she told him about on the jukebox. Rita asked us to get out from around the table and line our chairs up in a row. Within seconds, the music was playing and Rita was moving in a very sexy way from guy to guy. As the first song came to an end, Rita once again turned to the bartender and asked for the next song. At this point she began removing articles of clothing very slowly in order to tease the shit out of us. I looked up and down the line and to a man, our trousers were tented and the looks on our faces were strained. 

Rita continued her gyrations until she was down to her bra and thong panties. She was a vision in those light blue thongs. The bra left almost nothing to the imagination either. Clearly, it was not a pushup bra, she didn't need one either.

Once again, the song was ending and as before, Rita motioned to the bartender for another song. It was obvious that we were going to see everything within moments. 

No sooner had the third song started, Rita was out of her bra and panties. Oh man, what a sight she was! No hair on her pussy at all. She was totally clean-shaven down there. 

She had the most beautiful cunt lips that I have ever seen. I was beginning to think that I was going to cum in my pants when all of a sudden she pulled one of the empty chairs in front of us and put her leg up on it. She bent over the chair exposing the finest ass anyone could hope to ever see. At that point she turned around in front of me.

That was it, I was going to blow my load right there and then and all of a sudden, Rita walked right up to me and took my hand into hers and placed it on her breast. I squeezed and coddled her mound with one hand and put my other hand around her waist to bring her closer. 

As I drew her closer to me I put my mouth on her other breast and began nibbling and biting her nipple. It was not long before I began caressing her inner thighs with my free hand. I knew that I was on track with this lovely lady because she started moaning out loud.

My hand seemed to have a mind of it's own as it traced up her thigh into the warm moistness of her folds. I had one finger in her cunt as she was moaning. All I could think of was that I must have died and gone to heaven.

It didn't take long for the others guys to follow my lead. Joe got up and moved his chair behind her. He sat down and started to massage her ass cheeks. Rita was really getting into this by now and she was swaying and moaning louder.

Frank came up beside her and while standing there, he replaced my hand that was fondling her tit with his own. It didn't take long before he was sucking one breast and I was sucking the other while fingering this delightful girl.

I removed my mouth from her breast, scooted to the floor on my knees and started kissing down her flat stomach toward her treasure. Once I arrived at her cunt, I began licking and sucking her little clit into my mouth. That's when the flood started. Rita was screaming for me to suck her harder. "Oh please Jimmy, please don't stop then she came with a force I had never seen before in a woman. It was almost violent and I was having a hard time keeping my mouth on her cunt.

In the meantime Frank was still sucking on one of her tits and Mark decided he wanted in on the action. He started sucking on her other tit. Joe was now fingering her ass as I continued to suck sweet nectar from her cunt.

When I looked up, Rita appeared to be in heaven. Her beautiful face was sweat covered but she seemed to be smiling and enjoying the attention from all of these men. This was one really hot lady. 

I stood up, reached for her face with both hands and as she opened her eyes, I kissed her with one of those tongue battle type kisses. She moaned and our tongues swirled around each other's mouth allowing her to taste herself. I said "Rita, your wonderful, beautiful and everyman's dream girl". With that she said, "Jimmy, do me, do me please"! 

I didn't need to be asked twice. In a not so quiet voice, I told the guys that she wants the full treatment so drop those pants and lets give her a ride she will never forget.

All action stopped while the guys got undressed. Rita positioned herself on one of the booth tables and yelled for us to hurry and that she was horny and needed lots of cock right now. This girl was ready for some action. 

Joe positioned himself near Rita's mouth and she began sucking him. I on the other hand was fingering her cunt and Mark fingered her backdoor. Joe pulled out of that sweet mouth and lifted Rita off the table, he laid himself on the table. Joe moved his well lubed cock to Rita's ass and gently began pushing the head into that luscious hole. 

As Joe pushed in to her bunghole I started ramming my 9-inch cock into her cunt. Frank got up on the table with Rita and Joe and began feeding Rita his not so small cock. That damn thing had to be a good 8 inches. She took him right down her throat in one motion. This girl knew how to give a blowjob for sure...as Frank began pumping her mouth, Joe and I developed a rhythm in her cunt and ass.  

I don't exactly know how Rita did it, but she managed to get Marks dick into her free hand and began jerking him off at the same time. Somehow, she kept us all in perfect harmony and we fucked her in everyway possible. 

It was not long before I heard Joe yelling that he was going to cum. Rita removed Franks cock from her mouth long enough to let Joe know to shoot his seed into her and that Mark and I should do the same. That did it for me and I started Cumming just as Joe did. Frank shot a load down her throat at roughly same moment. Mark shot his load all over her tits just a few second later.

We never did see the rest of the game although I know that the Browns lost on that particular day. We did however continue fucking and sucking Rita for several more hours. Hell, even Mark the Bartender got in on the action.

When it was all said and done, we each tossed in an extra $100 making it at total of $1200 for the day in TIPS for Rita.

She thanked us but said that she didn't want the money because she felt she got as much out of it as we did. We didn't argue with her, but over the next several days, each of stopped back to the bar and when it came time to TIP Rita, lets just say, we were more than generous.

One Year Later.

Rita still works at the bar, but now she has become our little sex slave. More on this later.