 I have always been the jealous type, that is, until I met Rita. I met her online and we quickly moved into a very serious and highly sexual relationship. Rita was by far the most beautiful lady I ever had a relationship with. She was 6'1" with a flawless face and a body to die for. She had been a stripper and a nude model before we met. I couldn't believe that she was interested in me.

Rita lived in California, I live in Colorado, so we began a long-distance relationship. I worked two jobs and was busy most of the time, but she was unemployed so she would come to see me about twice a month. When she visited I tried to get off my jobs so I could spend time with her. During the visit that this story took place I was unable to get off either job, so she just came to work with me. I worked as a coach and substitute teacher during the day, and I worked in a country western nightclub as a bouncer at night.

Friday night came and she accompanied me to the night club. She was looking very hot wearing her skin-tight Wranglers and a very sexy half t-shirt that just barely covered her tits. As soon as I seen what she was wearing I wanted to throw her down and fuck her right there, but there wasn't time.

The bar was rather slow for the first hour and Rita hung out with me at the door. There were plenty of guys eyeballing her and it was obvious if I wasn't there she would have been very popular. I knew she liked to dance and I had told her it was okay with me if she did. The dance floor was right next to my station and I would be able to see everything. There was something about her that made me trust her. I think it was a combination of how proud I was that she was my lady, but also, she made it very clear that she was my girl.

There were two young cowboys sitting at a table right in front of my station and I noticed they couldn't keep their eyes off her. I knew these guys a little bit, they came in almost every Friday night. They liked to dance and never gave me any trouble. I felt I could trust them. While Rita was using the restroom, I went up to their table and told them that Rita liked to dance and it would be cool if they asked her. They were happy to oblige. 

The two cowboys took turns dancing with her, and both would dance with her during fast dances. During one slow two-step dance I noticed the cowboy's hand was almost on her ass. I started to get angry and jealous, but something told me it was okay. Then I realized it was turning me on so I didn't say anything. Rita started getting more comfortable with the guys and started using her stripper moves during the fast dances. She was grinding on their legs with her pussy and her ass. She looked over at me for my reaction and I smiled at her. Her eyes were getting glossy, it was obvious she was enjoying the attention. Then the cowboys started getting bolder too, they were trying to cop feels, but she was moving their hands. Again, I started to feel jealous and angry, but I also realized I had a huge hard on. The sensation of the anger, jealousy and arousal was intoxicating, I almost felt drunk.

The boys were now dancing every dance with her, she didn't even leave the dance floor. But, she always would look over at me and give me the sweetest smile which told me she was still my girl. The band went on break and she joined me at the door. She was obviously turned on, she met me with a hot kiss with her hands around my neck. I realized I wanted to see her doing that to the cowboys. I joked with her about her new-found fan club and she blushed. She told me if it was bothering me she would stop, she said it was me who she loved and wanted to make happy. I told her no, it was fun watching her tease them. After I said that she kissed me again. I dared her to go to the bathroom and take off her bra, see what that would do to them. She kissed me again, and swayed her ass to the bathroom. She came back and handed me her skimpy bra and asked if I would keep it for her. This time I kissed her.

The band started back up, and the boys drug her back out onto the dance floor. It didn't take them long to notice the change, and they started groping even more. She kept moving their hands though. During one of the fast dances the cowboy behind her had his hands on her stomach, and she did a quick dip, when she did this his hands went right up her tiny half shirt and had both of her tits in his hands. I noticed it took a little longer for her to push his hands away. I was so turned on!

The next time she came back to the door with me I dared her to stop moving their hands. She answered with another kiss, this time it was me who put my hands up her shirt, her nipples were rock hard. After the kiss she asked me if I was sure I wanted her to do that. I told her yes, it was turning me on watching. That was all the encouragement she needed and she told me that she wouldn't disappoint me.

Back on the dance floor the boys were taking advantage of their new freedom. Their hands were everywhere. During one fast dance the cowboy behind her had a tit in each hand under her shirt, I could see him pinching her nipples, the cowboy in front was rubbing her pussy through her pants. Her head was back leaning on the cowboy behind her shoulder, her eyes were closed. I was so turned on and hard as a rock, if a fight would have broken out at that time I wouldn't have even noticed it. This was hot!

She came back to the door and met me with another hot kiss, then she whispered in my ear, "I'm not going too far am I?" I reassured her that I was loving it. Then I whispered in her ear, "I dare you to ask them to take you to the store for something to eat. Whatever happens is okay with me as long as you tell me all about it." She answered with another hot kiss and a stroke of my rock-hard cock.

They were gone for about an hour and returned just before last call. Rita walked up to me and kissed me again, then whispered in my ear, "I have two loads of cum in my pussy honey." I was so fucking hot that I didn't even wait for all the customers to leave. I took her in the liquor room and fucked her cum loaded pussy on a keg of beer, then again on the pool table after everyone left. I was hooked!