 For most people, December 31, 1999 meant the end of one millennium and the beginning of another one. Even though it was common knowledge that the 21st century didn't truly begin until the year 2001, this night was still supposed to be the biggest party ever. Like moths to a campfire, people were drawn to this night with the thought of forgetting the past and starting over with a clean slate. I was no different, but little did I know what a great new start I would have.

It was 8:00 p.m., and I wasn't taking a shower and I wasn't putting on my best party clothes. Instead, I was stuck in a small computer room, running backup programs and making sure the users of the network would have a computer to work with on January 1, 2000. As there is a lot of downtime while loading new programs, the work was both tedious and boring. During the installation process, I got a call on my cell phone. 

"This is Bill," I answered the call in my usual professional manner.

"Hey there, what are you doing?" a familiar voice said in a very excited voice.

I met Terri four months ago when I moved to Jackson, Mississippi. She was one of the new accountants at the firm where I work. She may have been new (having just graduated school) but she is damn good at her job. Terri is very motivated and has real passion. Even though she had a boyfriend when we met, we became very good friends and spent hours talking in her office and on the phone about everything from hiking to sex. I offered her my shoulder to cry on many occasions, particularly after her recent breakup. After she left her boyfriend, it surprised me that Terri and I never took our friendship any further.

"I'm still at the office working on the servers and trying to get prepared for the infamous Y2K. It looks like I will be done in about 30 min," I complained to Terri.

"I have a party to go to later, but I would love to meet you at The Tap for a drink before I go. Do you think you could meet me?" Terri offered. I always found myself accepting any offer to meet with her, without really thinking about it. 

I left my office shortly after 9:00 and I went straight to The Tap. I have always enjoyed this bar, but I was surprised that Terri wanted to meet here. She always complained that there were too many freaks in the neighborhood and she never really liked this part of Jackson. I arrived there before Terri and sat in a booth at a table in the corner. 

The waitress had just brought my vodka tonic when I noticed Terri walking in the front door. My chin nearly hit the table when I saw her. She was wearing a short black dress that hugged her hips like it was her birthday suit and black stockings that accented her legs. Her blonde hair was hanging down over her shoulders, and all of the heads turned and watched her as she walked across the bar to my table.

I rose from my seat as she approached and she came and gave me a gentle hug and a peck on my cheek. It was then I noticed her perfume and how the smell seemed make every nerve in my body stand on end. She sat down in the booth across from me, and I waved for the waitress to come back to the table. Terri ordered a Wicked Ale, and the waitress disappeared.

We spent the next several minutes talking about work and how we needed to find jobs that were worthy of our talents. The entire time I talked to her, I couldn't help but notice how beautiful she looked tonight. The dress was low cut, and she looked stunning. I have never seen her dressed like this before. She always dressed very conservatively, so that I had never noticed her wonderfully shaped breasts. I know she caught me staring at her cleavage several times, but each time, she just gave me a smile. I began to wonder if she was enjoying teasing me.

It wasn't long before the topic of our conversation changed our social lives. We both knew neither of us had dated or even kissed anyone lately. 

"Terri, I swear I'm going to burst soon if I don't find a woman to relieve this stress," I confessed to her. 

She looked at me and gave me a devilish smile and said, "I might be able to help you with that problem......ummmmm, never mind. I'm not going to go there now."

The thought of having sex with Terri overwhelmed me. We had always been "just good friends." She was really turning me on; I could feel a bulge growing between my legs. I was just about to make some kind of snappy reply to her overtones, when the waitress appeared and asked if we wanted another drink. We both ordered another drink, and then Terri excused herself and went to the Ladies Room. 

The waitress returned with the drinks, but Terri was still nowhere to be seen. I was about half way through my drink and I was starting to get worried when I saw Terri walking back towards the table. I was surprised because she wasn't alone. She obviously ran into a friend in the ladies room because there was a short brunette that was walking back with her. The brunette was almost as hot looking as Terri and the two of them walking together was a sight to behold. I also noticed for the first time how Terri's tan legs were set off by her black dress.

"Why hadn't I noticed how tan her legs were before?" I asked myself quietly. Then I answered my own question, "Because she was wearing stockings before. Why did she take them off?" This thought puzzled me and excited me at the same time.

I stood up as they approached the table and Terri explained that she met her old law school friend, Susan, in the restroom. As I started to ask Susan if she wanted to join us, both women started to slide into the booth. Just as I was about to sit down, I noticed that I had been standing there with a bulge in my pants. I guess I had been thinking a little too hard about how gorgeous these women were. 

I quickly sat down, but not before I noticed Terri and Susan whispering to each other and then they laughed. I could feel my face turning warm from embarrassment. I quickly tried to start the conversation by asking them if they graduated at the same time. But the small talk only lasted a few minutes before Susan caught me off guard.

"So Bill, Terri was telling me that you haven't had sex in a long time," Susan said flat out. Before I could blush or explain, she continued, "It's been a long time for me too. Maybe the three of us should take care of each other and ring in the New Year right."

Just as she said that, I noticed Terri close her eyes and tighten her lips together. She was experiencing something – and then I realized that Susan's hand was not on the table. As Terri leaned back from the table, I could she was having a hard time keeping herself from wiggling in her seat. I couldn't believe what I was seeing. My cock started to grow even harder as I watched. The scene had only lasted a few seconds, but it felt like it lasted hours. Terri had nearly regained her composure when Susan smiled and asked me again. 

"What do you think Bill? Doesn't that sound like a good idea?" Susan asked as she reached into my drink and pulled out a large piece of ice. I was mesmerized, watching Susan suck on the ice while holding it in her fingers. 

Susan took the ice and pressed it against Terri's cheek and dragged it down her bare neck. Then Susan's hand disappeared below the table. Terri closed her eyes again and she started to bite her lower lip. I couldn't speak, I couldn't move, I couldn't do anything but watch the beautiful brunette seduce Terri right here in the middle of the bar. Since I couldn't tell what Susan was doing to Terri, I imagined that Susan was manipulating Terri's clit with the ice or maybe she had a finger or two inside of her. It didn't matter, because whatever she was doing, it was driving Terri crazy. 

Terri brought her hand up to her mouth and started to suck on one of her fingers. I could see her squirming as she sucked on her finger. Susan was staring at me as she continued to work her magic on Terri. Terri was moaning softly against her hand and then all at once, she arched her head back against the booth and held it there as Susan brought her to a quiet orgasm. I have never seen anything like that before in my life. I looked around, sure the girls had put on a show for everyone. To my surprise, nobody else in the bar had noticed what was going on. Between the loud background noise and the high sides of our booth, Terri and Susan were concealed from everyone but me.

As Terri started to come back from her state of bliss, I could feel something sliding up my leg. Susan had removed her shoe and was sliding her foot up the inside of my leg. She put her foot directly on top of my hard cock. I couldn't help but shift my body against her foot, enjoying the attention I was getting.

"Don't you think the three of us should go somewhere more private?" I asked with bated anticipation. "I would really like to hear more about your law school days."

By the look in their eyes, I knew what the answer was. So, I laid $40 on the table and I stood up, hoping nobody would see just how aroused I was. We walked to my car without a word. In fact, we were practically running to the car. We quickly decided to go to my house because it was the closest. 

After a quick drive home, we were in my house and taking off our coats. I asked the girls if they wanted some wine, and they both said they did. I walked to the kitchen and poured two glasses of wine and grabbed me a beer. I had just gotten to the door of the living room when I saw Susan and Terri standing in the middle of the room kissing each other. I could see their tongues darting in and out of each other's mouths. Their bodies were pressed firmly together as them embraced in a long, slow, passionate kiss.

I walked into the room and put the glasses on the table and asked, "Is there any of that left for me?" Terri quickly replied, "Come here and I'll give you some."

I walked over to Terri and she turned to me and started to kiss me on my lips. I wrapped my hands around her body and pulled her close to me. I pushed my tongue into her mouth, kissing her deeply. My hands were running up and down the back of her dress, feeling every curve of her body. I reached up and grabbed a handful of her blonde hair and softly tugged on it. As she arched her head back, I started to kiss and suck on her beautiful neck. I would pause only to use my teeth to nibble gently. 

After several minutes of Terri and me kissing and groping each other in the middle of living room, I started to wonder what Susan was doing. I could hear some kind of commotion going on behind me, but I couldn't see what was happening. I stopped kissing Terri and looked behind me. I thought I was going to cum right there and then at what I saw. Susan had taken a seat on the couch and she had hiked her skirt up over her waist. She had one leg propped up on the coffee table and had her legs spread wide apart. She had her fingers buried inside her pussy and was clearly enjoying the show that Terri and I were giving her.

After looking at Susan for what seemed like several minutes, Terri grabbed my head and turned me around and said very seductively, "Wouldn't you rather look at what I have waiting for you?" Terri took one step back and pushed the straps of her dress over her shoulders and then wiggled out of her tight skirt. Within a second, Terri was almost completely naked, wearing only her high heels. 

Terri moved closer to me and gave me a quick kiss on my lips, pushing her tongue inside my mouth just long enough for me to taste her. Then she quickly unbuttoned my shirt and practically ripped it from my body. She got on her knees and slowly unbuttoned my pants and pulled them down, being careful not to injure my hard cock, which by now was poking up through my underwear.

I stepped out of my pants and Terri pressed her hand on my cock and started to stoke it. This was driving me crazy and I could barely stand it. She looked up at me with a grin and asked, "Do you want me suck your cock?"

I could barely get the words out before she was removing my underwear and wrapping her warm lips around my manhood. It felt so good that I thought I was going to die. I could see her bobbing up and down and I could hear the slurping sounds that always accompany an expert blow job. I could also hear Susan moaning on the couch as she watched her friend suck my cock. I turned my head and watched Susan bucking her hips against her fingers as she rubbed her clit with great vigor.

The sights and sounds of this scene were too much for me to handle. I vaguely remember myself moaning as Terri continued to give me the best blow job I have ever received. I could feel myself starting to lose control and I was going cum hard. I grabbed Terri's head and started bucking my hips as I fucked her mouth. I could feel the waves of pleasure starting to overwhelm me as I yelled out. Streams of cum started to shoot down Terri's throat. Terri never skipped a beat and just kept on sucking as I came. At the same time, I could hear Susan climaxing on the couch. I couldn't tell which one of us was yelling louder, but we were both were exploding with waves of pleasure.

When Terri had finally finished sucking me dry, she stood up and walked over to the couch and sat next to Susan. Susan told Terri that she wanted to taste me. Accommodating her request, Terri leaned over towards her and began French kissing her. Susan still had her dress on, but Terri's hand quickly lowered the top of her dress so she could fondle her breasts. Both of the women each had a nipple in their hand and were kissing passionately.

The women broke their kiss as Susan pushed Terri to the end of the couch. Terri laid her head on a pillow and Susan climbed between her legs and started to kiss her on her neck. Susan's kisses started to go further down her body, where she began teasing Terri's nipple, taking her nipple into her mouth, sucking on it, and then tugging it away from her body. It usually takes me several minutes to get hard again, but the sight of these to women embraced on the couch made my cock rise quickly again. Especially when I saw Susan starting to kiss Terri further down her body and teasing her belly button. Terri was moaning softly, but her moans turned to gasps as Susan buried her face into her pussy and was licking her clit like it was her last meal.

My cock was aching and I had to get involved. I climbed up onto the couch behind Susan and I pressed the head of my cock against her soaking pussy. I teased her by sliding it up and down between her lips, but not pushing it into her hole. I pressed my cock against her clit and was rubbing it side to side when I heard Susan yell, "Fuck me, damn it, fuck me!"

At her command, I slide my cock into her pussy, pushing it as far as it would go. Susan stopped licking Terri's pussy long enough to arch her body and moan loudly. I started to slide in and out of Susan and she went back to giving Terri the best tongue lashing she ever got. Susan was bucking wildly as I thrusted my cock deep inside of her. I grabbed her hips and kept pushing in and out of her faster and faster. I wasn't long before I could feel Susan's body tighten and her moans turned to screams as she climaxed again. It was all I could do to hold on to her hips as she practically bucked me off the couch. After Susan appeared to have cum for several minutes, I announced, "Okay, its Terri's turn."

Without having to explain what I meant, Susan quickly slid out of her dress and laid down on the couch with her legs wide apart. Terri knew just what to do as she climbed on top of Susan and gave her the same tongue bath that she just received. Susan could hardly wait for Terri's tongue to arrive at her pussy. When Terri finally did bury her face between her legs, Susan let out another loud moan as if she just couldn't stop cumming.

At the same time, I climbed up behind Terri. She had the most spectacular looking ass and the fact that she shaved her pussy was such a turn on. I could see how swollen her pussy lips where and the moisture seeping between them. I couldn't help but touch her lips with my fingers first, exploring her body and feeling how clean shaven she was. Taking my fingers and rubbing her clit and softly tugging on her lips. I was so amazed how smooth they were and I couldn't wait to slide my cock between them.

At this point, I thought Terri had been teased enough, so I decided I wouldn't torture her anymore. I pressed my cock against her pussy and then rammed it deep inside of her with one hard motion. Terri moaned and bucked as I did this and I didn't stop the pace. I continued to thrust my cock in and out of her hard and fast. I was holding on to her ass and pounding the beautiful pussy of hers for all it was worth. Going faster and faster, I could tell that Terri was ready to cum and it wasn't going to be long for me either. I could hear her breathing get shorter and louder. Susan must have been close too because she was getting louder as well. 

Listening to these two women moaning was driving me crazy and I started to feel my body tense. I yelled out that I was going to cum and that seemed to push all of us over the edge. I felt my whole body tighten as I started to fill Terri's hot pussy with my cum. I could hear both Terri and Susan cry out in extreme pleasure as we were all bucking and grinding against each other as wave after wave of pleasure overcame us. 

When our intense orgasms subsided, Terri collapsed on top of Susan, and I collapsed on top of Terri. I noticed a flurry of fireworks being ignited outside and I realized after looking at the clock that it was the New Year. We stayed like that for several minutes, before Terri suggested that we go to the bedroom. But that is a whole other story...