 The cold wind whipped at me as I walked up the street, Kindle in hand, only vaguely aware of my surroundings.

I had just left the office and was heading back to my car, parked a few blocks away, and beginning to regret not bringing an umbrella as the rain started to fall. Regretfully I closed the Kindle's cover to protect it.

As I looked up my eyes were drawn to a girl across the street. She was wandering along, phone to her ear, seemingly oblivious to the wind and spitting rain. Her top half was protected by neck scarf and puffy jacket... but below the jacket was a short, light skirt being flipped about by the wind, and long legs covered only in black stockings and pumps.

As I walked up my side of the street, I kept an eye on the traffic as I needed to cross. When the break came I jogged across the street. I was now walking a few metres behind the girl and about the same speed.

My eyes were locked like lasers on her butt. As the wind gusted, it occasionally flipped the back of her skirt up, giving me tantalizing glimpses of her bottom. The stockings were obviously panty hose, but by the lack of panties it appeared she was either wearing a G-string underneath them -- or nothing at all. She showed no concern as her skirt danced about -- some girls will hold their wind-whipped skirts down with one hand, or at least try to minimize their exposure. This girl didn't seem to care. I mentally congratulated myself on my good luck and paced myself to her stride so I could continue to check out her fantastic legs and butt.

She started to slow down as she approached an intersection. Regretfully I came to a halt beside her at the pedestrian crossing as we waited for the traffic to stop. I glanced sideways at her face as we stood there, and discovered she was young -- possibly early 20's, with attractive features, large brown eyes and dark brown hair. She chatted animatedly on the phone, but as I looked at her she glanced over at me and smiled. I smiled back and was about to face forward again, when a particularly strong gust of wind caught her unexpectedly and she lost her balance and fell against me.

I had bent into the wind a little, so when I grabbed her to steady her, it took me a moment to realize that my left hand was gripping her upper thigh -- under the skirt. I could feel her pantyhose and the firm, smooth skin of her leg under it. Shocked, I looked at her face, and to my surprise she was still smiling at me. I whipped my hand away and she raised one eyebrow, her mouth making a moue of mock disappointment for a moment until she continued talking on the phone.

My heart was pounding. I was 40, married for almost 10 years, and nothing this exciting had happened to me for most of that time.

My senses were in overdrive. An errant strand of hair escaped from the hood of her jacket and waved in the wind. I watched it, fascinated. Her face was still turned to me, gazing at me as she talked, and I noticed some small freckles on her nose. I'm usually averse to risk, but that day something snapped and caution went out the window.

I put my hand back under her skirt and rested it on her thigh again.

The first time was accidental. She fell against me, I steadied her. This time the jury would not acquit. This was deliberate. Sexual harassment. Sexual assault, even. I was reaching out and, uninvited, was touching the thigh of a stranger. My breath caught in my throat.

I looked back to her face. There was no shock there. Maybe a little surprise -- that eyebrow was raised a fraction -- but the smile was back as she continued her phone conversation without a break.

Emboldened, I moved my hand under her skirt until I was touching the swell of her buttock. I cupped it and gently rubbed, my breath coming shorter as my cock swelled in my pants.

Her expression didn't change. Smiling, she chatted on the phone as her eyes held mine.

The traffic stopped and our pedestrian light went green. Together, we started across the road, joined by my hand on her buttock. As she walked her butt rolled deliciously under my hand.

I couldn't believe it. I didn't know this girl. I had just copped a feel in what most people would rightly perceive as a most inappropriate way, and instead of being kneed in the nuts or screamed at, was being smiled at as I continued to caress the gorgeous globes of her bottom.

Halfway up the next block she angled towards a gate leading to a brick apartment. I dropped my hand and waited to see what she'd do next. 

She backed up the path, still chatting to her friend as she beckoned me with a crooked finger.

I glanced up and down the street, perhaps belatedly, to ensure no-one I knew had seen me. Then I raced after her, catching up as she unlocked the door and held it open for me.

Still on the phone, she hung her handbag on a hook near the door and took my hand in hers. I followed as she led me over to a couch. She turned and sat down, but when I moved to sit next to her, she held out her hand and wagged one finger in an "uh, uh" motion. Then she pointed to the floor in front of her.

Understanding struck. I smiled as I knelt down at her feet. She lifted one foot and I took off her black shoe. She pointed her toe at me and I took her dainty foot in both hands, first just holding it then caressing the arch of her sole, the top and the toes hidden in their gusset of pantyhose. She tapped my shoulder with the other foot so I took that shoe off too, and massaged that foot for a while.

She scooched forward a bit on the couch and rubbed my face with her feet. I caught one ankle and kissed the top of her foot, then nibbled and finally sucked on her toes through the pantyhose. I turned to the other foot and treated it the same way. After a while, I wanted more and grasped her slender ankles. Lifting her legs, I rested them on my shoulders and pushed closer to the couch. Although the colour had risen in her face a little, her voice didn't changed as she discussed with the unknown caller the discount she'd got on a knock-off Gucci purse earlier in the day.

As I moved closer I turned my head from side to side, softly kissing her lovely calves. Higher and higher my kisses fell, above the knee, up the inside of her thighs, until I stopped and gazed at the top of her legs as the skirt fell between them to the couch.

I glanced up at her face to ensure she hadn't changed her mind. She leaned back, eyes half lidded, giving nothing away in her expression. There wasn't a signal to continue, but the hell with it, there was no signal to stop either -- so I lifted the front of her skirt and peeked under.

I folded the skirt up onto her jacket as I looked at the juncture of her thighs. The dark pantyhose lightened slightly as her thighs widened, but the dark gusset almost concealed her crotch.

Almost.

I was right. She wasn't wearing anything under her pantyhose. I could just make out the line of her bare labia and above, a thin vee of dark hair. As I moved closer I could smell the heady aroma of excitement, even as a darker patch of moistness seeped into the fabric.

For a moment I hesitated. So far all I'd done was touch and kiss a woman's legs through her pantyhose. If I went any further, there would be no turning back.

But it would have taken a stronger man than me to back away from the smooth thighs and wet pussy of this gorgeous young woman. I leaned forward and breathed in deeply, immersing myself in the unmistakable smell of a woman in heat. I nuzzled each side of her crotch before lapping at the seam of her pussy through the gusset of her pantyhose. Finally there was a reaction, a sharp indrawn breath as my tongue touched her clit. Obviously there was a question from her caller, as she said "No, I'm ok... just having some fun with a guy." As I lost myself in the wonder of her pussy, parts of her conversation wafted by me. "....no... ahhhhhhh.... Mmmmm.... About your age...." ".....ohhhhhh... oh man, yes... no, he's licking my pussy..." "....AHHHHH... right there, don't stop... yes Mum, not bad at all..."

Hold on. "MUM"??? I'm going to town on this girl's vagina and she's telling her mother about it?

"... yes.... I think he'd be up for it.... Mmmmmm... oh god, this is good...." ".... Ok... yep... see you soon! ....Ahhhhhhhhhhhh..."

By this time my brain had turned itself off and I was fixated on one thing only. I didn't care if she told her mother, at that point in time if a Salvation Army band came in and watched I'd just ask them to strike up some porno music.

Breathing heavily, I slid my hands up to the top of her pantyhose and drew them down. She arched her bum off the seat so I could slide them over her cheeks and then raised her legs high in the air so I could pull them off. I knelt back briefly to admire the sight of her white thighs framing her puffy labia and winking arsehole.

I leaned back in while her legs were still up in the air, for the first time touching her bare skin as I held her hips and snuffled my mouth on her pussy. My tongue speared into her wetness, drawing a gasp and a twitch of her legs. Slowly I dragged it up to the top where her clit was sticking out like a little pencil eraser. I circled it with the tip of my tongue, then closed my lips over it and sucked. Her thighs clamped over my ears and trembled with pleasure.

My cock was throbbing and straining for release, so while I licked I fumbled with my belt and pushed my pants down. Extracting myself briefly from the legs squeezed around my head, I stepped out of my trousers and dragged my underpants down. As my cock sprang free and bobbed stiffly 45 degrees above the horizontal, her eyes sparkled and she licked her lips.

I knelt back down and fell on her open cunt like a starving man on a burrito. I sucked, licked, lashed my tongue inside her until it ached. I spread her cheeks and kissed the puckered pink ring between them. She writhed and moaned as I slipped two fingers into her pussy and squeezed my tongue into her arsehole.

I was thinking that this was the best sexual experience of my life, when the click of the door opening and a breeze on my bare arse made me jerk up and spin around in shock.

There in the open door stood a curvaceous woman in her early 40's. Dark chestnut hair hung in curls to her shoulders. She reminded me a little of the British celebrity chef, Nigella Lawson. As if to spite the cold day, she wore a form-hugging short red dress and strappy sandals. However the temperature outside was evident from the bumps made by stiff nipples and a shiver in her voice as she said "Darling, you didn't even turn the heat pump on!"

I was just about to say that I didn't know where the controls were, when I realized she wasn't talking to me. 

"Hi mum!" came the cheery response from the girl whose warm, wet pussy still clamped my fingers in a vice-like grip. A sickly smile plastered itself over my face as I tried to figure out the social conventions around greeting a girl's mother with a bare arse and my stiff cock bobbing in the air. Fortunately, she took the decision out of my hands.

Closing the door, she turned back to me with a smile. "Well hi there!" she said. "My daughter seemed to be quite enamored of your cunnilingus skills on the phone... at least, I think she was -- it was a bit hard to understand what she was saying through the moans of pleasure!" Walking over to me, she reached out a hand. Without thinking, I held out my own... before realizing that I had just withdrawn it from her daughter's pussy.

She grasped my wrist instead and drew my hand close to her face. "Mmmmm," she murmured, sniffing my fingers. "I'd know that delicious smell anywhere."

To my shock, she opened those luscious red lips and sucked on my wet fingers. My cock, which had been slowly dwindling throughout this unconventional situation, suddenly returned to life and stiffened back to its former glory.

The girl behind me laughed. "Oh mum, you're such a slut!"

Her mother pulled her lips off my fingers with a pop and smiled. "Jessica, little harlots with their cunts on display shouldn't throw stones!"

She reached down and grabbed my stiff member, fondling a bit as she gave me a deep tongue kiss. Her large, firm breasts pushed against my chest, and my cock pushed back against her belly.

I slid my hand up between her legs and under her dress, reminded that this was the second time in an hour that I'd intimately touched a woman I didn't even know.

To my delight, I found that mother and daughter shared the same taste in panties -- ie, none. My questing fingers found only hot, puffy pussy lips, furry with pubic hair. She moved her feet apart to accommodate me as I gently rubbed the seam of her pussy until my fingertip was rewarded by moistness. I pushed forward until it was embedded fully inside her.

As we broke our kiss, I said "Please tell me your name... I can't call you 'Mum' while we're doing this!"

She smiled and kissed me softly. "Nicole, honey, but just call me Nikki."

"Nikki, I'm Marty... and I can honestly say it's a pleasure!"

Just then a foot moved up between my bare legs from behind and rubbed my balls gently. "Aren't you forgetting someone?"

Nikki and I turned, my finger still deep inside her mother. Jessica was lying back on the couch, legs spread wide as she slowly stroked her wet pussy. She looked boldly at her mother as her fingers rubbed and stroked her lips and clit. 

Eyes fixed on her daughter, Nikki stepped forward. I slipped my finger from her pussy and watched with bated breath as she sank to her knees between her daughter's legs. She bent forward and grasped Jessica's thighs, then lowered her mouth to her pussy.

As I watched in awe, the mother slowly licked her daughter's damp pussy lips, then parted them with her long tongue and lapped her slit directly.

This was the most erotic thing I had ever imagined. Panting with lust, I knelt behind Nikki and moved her legs apart so I could kneel between them. She pushed her butt back towards me as I lifted her short red dress and peeked beneath.

Smooth white thighs framed a glistening pussy bordered by dark curly hair. Her inner lips, coral in colour, protruded slightly. I grasped her full butt cheeks and parted them, exposing her winking anus to my lustful gaze, and separating her pussy a little so I could look deep inside her.

I couldn't wait another moment, so I didn't. I shuffled up behind her, fitted the head of my straining cock to the entrance of her moist cunt and drove it in to the hilt. There was a surprised "Unh!" from her and a gasp from her daughter as my thrust pushed her mouth hard against Jessica's pussy.

This was heaven. I was up to my nuts in the most gorgeous woman I'd ever seen, while she licked her (also gorgeous) daughter's pussy. I was momentarily sad because I would never have a sexual experience this good again, then mentally slapped myself and instead lost myself in the wonder of this unexpected windfall.

Nikki's cunt seemed to suck at my throbbing dick as I slowly slid in and out. As I did, I played with her butt, her legs, then reached forward and grasped the full globes of her breasts. I rubbed her stiff nipples through the fabric for a moment, then pulled down on the front of her dress until her breasts fell out through the neckline. Her rubbery nipples felt amazing as I gently tugged on them, squeezed them between my fingers and rubbed my palms on them. Over her back, I met her daughter's gaze and we shared a smile.

Jessica, seeing me fondle her mother's tits, leaned back on the couch and unzipped her puffy jacket. Under it she wore a low-cut see-through black blouse, and under that I could see a frilly black lace bra. She unbuttoned her blouse slowly, watching me watching her, until her pale skin showed from neck to belly. Leaning forward, she shrugged out of her jacket and unclipped her bra, skillfully removing it while leaving her blouse hanging over her breasts.

Through the translucent fabric I could see her pink aureole and jutting nipples. She leaned forward over her mother's lapping head and whispered "My boobs need some fun too!"

Still holding her mother's left breast in my left hand, I reached over her back and cupped Jessica's left breast in my right. I palmed it gently through the blouse, marveling at the different feel. Nikki's breast was heavy and soft, full and comforting. Jessica's breast was smaller and pert, firm and smooth, elastic in her youth. The thought crossed my mind that I was in a kind of time warp, feeling the same breast separated by twenty years and childbirth. Both their nipples were stiff with pleasure.

Jessica moaned softly as I switched hands, fondling each woman's right breast. The sensations I was feeling through hands and cock, the awesome sight of two bare cunts and the forbidden thrill of seeing an incestuous act, all combined to push me over the edge. I dropped their breasts to grab Nikki's hips, and started thrusting rapidly in and out of her slippery hole.

Her moans and gasps of pleasure came faster, at the cost of Jessica's as her upcoming orgasm made her licking more sporadic. Jessica was forced to take matters into her own hands and did so with relish, eyes wide as she took pleasure from the sight of her mother cumming while she rapidly masturbated her clit with one hand.

As I felt Nikki's orgasm through the clenching of her cunt, I let myself go and thrust myself to the nuts inside Nikki as I spurted ropes of cum up her spasming pussy. My cock spurted again and again as I gripped her hips with white fingers and pulled her back against me as hard as I could. Her shrieks of pleasure reached a crescendo and joined with her daughter's as Jessica's own hips jerked frantically and a small gush of liquid flowed from her cunt.

As I came down from the high of my orgasm, I idly moved my cock back and forth in Nikki's wet pussy -- made far wetter by my jism. I was transfixed by the sight of Jessica's sopping cunt as she spread her legs open wide to my gaze and grinned impishly at me. Her mother's head was down on her arms as she panted, out of breath and happy.

"Hope you're not a one-shot wonder," Jessica said. "Mum stole that turn, but my pussy needs cock too!"

I was about to answer that I wasn't as young as I used to be, when to my surprise I noticed that my cock hadn't softened. The pure eroticism of the situation and the heavy scent of sex kept my libido up. As I looked at them both, my dick twitched and Nikki gave a startled "Oh!"

I slowly withdrew my cock from her warm pussy, and it glistened like an oil-coated piston with our juices. Standing, I walked beside her with cock bobbing before me until I reached Jessica.

She leaned forward on the couch and grasped my penis, pulling me towards her. Her soft mouth closed around my wet knob and she murmured appreciatively as she tasted her mother's juices on my shaft.

Nikki collapsed on the couch next to her daughter and slumped back, spreading her creamy thighs apart and stretching one leg over Jessica's. Languidly she reached down and played with her daughter's moist pussy lips as Jessica continued to suck on my penis. This was fantastic. As great as the blow job was, I gently pushed Jessica back on to the couch and knelt down before the two gorgeous women. As her mother played with her pussy, Jessica reached across and slipped a finger into Nikki's freshly fucked cunt. I knelt back and slowly stroked my rock-hard cock as I watched this mother and daughter masturbate each other.

Jessica half rolled on to her mother, rubbing her thigh against her mother's cunt as she kissed her deeply. I gazed at the globes of her bum and the winking hole between her cheeks. Shuffling forward, I guided the head of my cock to her streaming pussy and rubbed it up and down between her bare labia. I pressed forward until the tip lodged in her tight hole then continued to push slowly until my entire length was firmly wedged in the warm velvet of her vagina. I lifted her shirt and nuzzled her smooth back as I reached around and between the girls, grasping Jessica's breasts.
