 Another fun afternoon in the park. Well, it was supposed to be. The girl Riley was waiting on did not show and so now he was spending this beautiful day wandering thru the wooded trails all on his own, feeling just a little bit sorry for himself. He sighed and kept walking, feeling the slight breeze on his face but not really watching where he was going. Suddenly his head snapped up; he thought he heard giggling coming from behind some bushes! He stopped to listen and then he heard it again. He walked a little closer and now he thought he heard two voices. 

"Come on, do it again!" A girl's voice said. Then more giggling. Riley snuck up to the bushes and peeked thru. What he saw made his cock lurch! There in the clearing, lying on a blanket in the grass, were two half-naked girls kissing and touching each other! They both looked like they were in their late teens or early twenties. The blond had a slim figure with perky breasts while the brunette was a bit bigger with nice round tits and smooth brown skin. He watched as they kissed again. The blond bent down and sucked at a nipple as the brunette arched her back and ran her fingers thru the long blonde hair. 

"God, that's good! She exclaimed. The blond started massaging the brunette's ample tit flesh as she sucked and rolled the nipples in her mouth. She nibbled lightly and the brunette moaned. Riley was rubbing his crotch,the bulge growing as he watched. The girls were breathing faster now and he stared as the brunette tried to get her hand into the other girl's shorts. They broke apart and quickly yanked off the rest of their clothes. Completely naked now they began exploring each other more, fingers sliding toward crotches, breasts rubbing together as they kissed deeply. Riley looked around but saw no one else coming down the trail. When he looked back the brunette had managed to slide two fingers into the blonde's wet pussy making her moan with pleasure. She fucked her fingers in and out and Riley just knew she was feeling the pussy walls squeezing her. The blond leaned back and opened her legs more. 

"Damn I could use a good stiff cock right now!" She said as she raised her hips to allow the fingers to go deeper. Riley knew a cue when he heard one. He unzipped his fly, pulled out his cock and stepped thru the bushes into the clearing. 

"Your wish is granted, my lady! He grinned. They both gasped in shock at first but then relaxed and giggled some more as they saw the handsome brown haired stranger was not going to rush them. He stood there and stroked himself while they made introductions. The blue-eyed blonde was Mandy and the brunette with the smoky brown eyes and full lips, Lisa. They moved over to Riley, reaching up to pull his jeans and underwear down so they had full access to his hard prick. Mandy stroked it while Lisa played with his balls. He moaned and ran his fingers thru their hair. Lisa's hair was much shorter than Mandy's but nice and soft. Then Mandy took him into her mouth and sucked him, running her tongue all along the shaft and nibbling the tip. He grabbed her head and fucked her mouth a few times. Lisa held his cock at the base so he could not go too deep. He relaxed and let Mandy have his cock. She licked the shaft up and down, sucking on his knob before releasing him. Then it was Lisa's turn. She had obviously had more experience than Mandy since she grabbed his cock and took it all the way into her throat. Riley felt a little weak at the knees it was so good! Mandy massaged his ass as he fucked himself into Lisa's willing mouth. He held her hair as he pushed in and out slow and steady. She took every inch, her mouth and tongue working him with each stroke. She timed her breathing so she could take him deep into her throat. She reached down and squeezed his balls a few times. He was breathing heavily and she could feel his cock twitch. She pulled away quickly.

"Oh no, big boy! That cock is going into Mandy's pussy before you pop!" She said as she started pulling his pants down. He took the hint and yanked off the rest of his clothes, allowing them to see his firm, yet not too muscular body. Lisa kissed him deeply and rubbed his chest with her full tits. He ran his hands all over her body and then grabbed a tit with his mouth. She held his head, her fingers twining in his shaggy hair, moaning as he sucked the nipple into his mouth, nibbling and licking it, switching back and forth between her tits. Then he got to his knees and kissed his way down to her pussy. He managed to get in a few licks before Mandy pulled at him and he went down with her. He moved between her legs, gazing at the hot wet flesh open before him. He leaned down and licked her clit a few times. She arched her back and moaned. He quickly moved up and slid his cock all the way in. She gasped and wrapped her legs around him. He held still for a moment, letting her pussy adjust to his cock. Then he began to fuck her slowly, sliding his cock smoothly in and out. But Mandy had other ideas. 

"Fuck me! Fuck me good!" She groaned as she thrust herself against him. Riley always aimed to please. He rammed his cock deep into her hole, fucking her faster. Lisa leaned over and sucked Mandy's tits, squeezing the small round flesh. She ran her hands down and rubbed Mandy's clit while Riley fucked his hard shaft in and out. 

"Damn, fuck me hard!" Mandy exclaimed as she raised her hips off the ground and slammed herself onto Riley's prick. He pushed Lisa away and pulled Mandy's legs over his shoulders, practically folding her in half, going as deep as he could. He rammed the hot pussy flesh over and over, his cock plunging in and out causing her juices to flow everywhere. He grunted as he slammed his body into her, fucking her hard and fast. He was sure someone would hear her moans and him slapping against her ass!

"Oh yes! Fuck me so good!" she cried, not caring who heard! "I'm gonna come! Oh yes, YES!!" She screamed, her back arching as she began to shudder, her pussy juice flowing out to cover her ass. Her pussy was squeezing his cock and he knew he was going to come too. He gave a couple more deep hard thrusts and then he groaned, his spurting cock filling her with his hot come. It dribbled out as he pushed in deeper trying to give her every drop. Breathing hard they collapsed together as their bodies shook with pleasure. Then he slowly pulled out and rolled over onto his back. Mandy was spent and she just lay there with a smile on her face. Lisa was pouting but Riley reached over and slid a finger into her pussy. She smiled and spread her legs so he could get better access. 

"Just give me a minute, babe," He said. "I can help you out too!" He slid two fingers into the dripping hole. His thumb circled her clit as his fingers fucked into her, making sure to rub that special spot just inside her snatch. She squeezed her tits and moaned. Then she leaned over and took him into her mouth. To her delight he began to get hard again! She licked and sucked at his cock, squeezing his balls, sucking his knob and nibbling the sensitive flesh just underneath. His fingers continued to fuck her slowly as she tongued his prick. Then she pushed his hand away and climbed on top of him. He held her hips as she slid her hot, wet tunnel down onto his now rock-hard dick. He groaned and squeezed her tit flesh, rubbing her nipples and rolling them between his fingers. Then Mandy got up on her knees and kissed Lisa deep. Their tongues played as she squeezed and rolled the brunettes tits. Lisa began sliding herself up and down on Riley's cock, slow and easy. He played with Mandy's tits as she kissed Lisa. Mandy reached around and played with his balls. He was growling deep in his throat now. 

"Oh honey," she said to Lisa, "I think he wants to come in you!" 

"Mmmmm..."was all Lisa could manage. His cock was buried deep in her pussy now. She rubbed his chest and used him to push herself up. Just as he felt himself about to slip out Riley grabbed her hips and thrust up into her. She gasped and let herself slide down again. She fucked him slowly watching his smooth face and brown eyes as he stared at her pussy sliding up and down his shaft. She closed her eyes and threw her head back, moaning softly. Riley leaned up and held her close, kissing her neck and shoulders as she rode his dick. He kissed Mandy too as she massaged his balls and Lisa's ass. He managed to lean over and suck one of Mandy's small tits into his mouth. He gently bit the nipple and was rewarded with a gasp of pleasure. He smiled and then sucked Lisa's tits. 

"God, yes!" She moaned, "That feels so damn good!" She wrapped her arms around his neck and bounced herself up and down faster. Riley lay back down and raised his knees for leverage. Then he grabbed her hips and began fucking himself up into her hot wet pussy flesh. She braced herself on his chest and rode him like a bronco as he plunged in and out, his hips and ass slamming the ground and then ramming back up again. Her juices coated his thighs and her ample tits bounced up and down as he fucked her hard. 

"Damn! You sure can fuck!" Mandy grinned as she watched her friend getting rammed by Riley's big dick. Suddenly Lisa cried out, her hands gripping his chest. She was coming and her pussy was squeezing Riley's prick hard! 

"Damn, you are tight!" He gasped as he thrust deep into her steaming flesh, feeling himself being squeezed and pumped by her tight pussy walls. Groaning he held himself inside the hot wetness as he felt his cock begin to spurt. He held her onto his prick until he was thru, his jizz oozing out to coat his balls. Finally he let his cock slip out as she eased herself off and lay beside him. Mandy leaned over and cleaned him off with her tongue. His cock twitched but did not rise. 

"Wow, I think you girls actually wore me out for a little while!" Riley grinned. He lay back and the girls snuggled up on either side. He wrapped his arms around their shoulders, sighing with contentment. The sun was shining down on the three new lovers and as Riley dozed off he thought:

"What a great day for a walk in the park!"