 Road Show 8 Gang Bang  

Mickie is fisted on stage to an orgasm, when Randy whisks the girls back to the main event at the motel where dozens of johns have lined up to get laid.

Earlier today Michelle (Mickie) Jarema was seduced into becoming a whore. She broke the news to her husband. "I have agreed to be a whore. I am to go to an adult store, buy club dresses with sex, be auditioned as a sex worker by Jimmy's uncle and tonight you are to take me to the strip club and watch me pick up truckers who will get to fuck me back here in the room."

He countered. "Mickie, The adventure is yours but your management is mine! So, go get yourself washed up because you have a date with a special dress store and an audition where you will have to demonstrate your talent." 

In the adult store Mickie passed an anal double penetration audition. She then went to model and buy clubbing dresses and then stripped these garments off and paraded naked in front of the adult store clientele and demonstrated an 18 inch glass dildo before Randy auctioned her ass off.

Top Bid went to a man and woman. He fucked Mickie's ass while she rammed the glass dildo up Mickie's cunt. Jill, the woman customer, was so turned on; she switched spots with Mickie and took Jack's cock in her ass and the dildo controlled by Mickie up her cunt. Then Peter and Paul split roast fucked Mickie each taking her in the pussy and then in the ass while the other was deep throated. Roger led Mickie into a glory hole booth. Watched by a small glory hole audience, Mickie ground and clutched Roger's cock in her vagina. There were knocks at the adjacent booth doors and the eyes vanished. "Ah wonda what's goin on?" Roger muttered and in response to a tone pulled his cell of his belt. Laughing he continued "Darlin, It seems your first customer is your first competitor. Jack is offering Jill for $50. Fuck till you come."

Randy was waiting for them. "I just want to have a personal experience with this customer satisfaction business philosophy with the hottest whore in six states." Randy explained. "You are such a juicy piece of ass; Pull my slacks down, climb aboard and show me what you have learned today." 

To get ready for the evening, Mickie modified the halter dress she bought with sex to show more tit, pussy and ass when she moved. "Damnation woman!" Her hubby/manager exclaimed "You look absolutely fantastic!" You are a walking wet dream! Everyone will want to fuck you so you should have no trouble filling your 'dance card' at the club tonight."

In the club Mickie danced with potential johns between performances by the paid stripers. Back at the table she met Alexandra, a strip roadie, who took the intermission to 'practice'. Mickie was hypnotized by the beauty and grace of the performance, so when Alexandra reached down to her, she reached back and found herself drawn up to the stage. Soon both gals were naked and were stroking the breasts butt and vagina of the other. 

"I love tantalizing the audience." Alexandra explained. "But you wore almost nothing during your dances with the guys and goaded them into serious grab ass. That took a lot of confidence."

"Not really. I am not teasing. I am advertising myself as an available lady of the evening. I want to have a whole group get so turned on that they will go back to the motel, and pay the desk clerk to join the crowd and be my johns for a no hole's barred gang bang party. I was hoping you would bring me up here and showcase my erogenous bits." Mickie replied.

"I rather thought that was the case." Alexandra grinned back. "Management has loaned me some special props this evening. " She said pointing to a padded bench being hoisted on stage. "I am going to taunt the audience with your pussy and ass, while you eat me out. If that display does not inspire a gang bang, I will have lost my faith in male hormones. I just hope the guys have enough control to let us move the venue to your motel suite instead of taking the two of us up here on the stage."

Alexandra guided Mickie around the periphery of the stage so everyone could get an up-close view of the whore and her body. The she led Mickie to the bench which was pushed right up to the edge of the stage where Randy sat next to a gap in the cocktail tables. Mickie reclined face up and hooked her knees wide on padded handles that spread her open. Alexandra took a bottle of lotion out of her bag and applied it liberally to Mickie's pussy and anus. She also put on a Bluetooth headset on which transmitted her voice to the club speakers. "This is your chance to preview a cumming attraction at the motel up the road. This juicy piece has a party scheduled and tickets can be had from the motel desk clerk. This is a new talent. In less than 24 hours she has shown the management an ass that can take two cocks at the same time and a pussy that can accommodate this giant dildo. "Alexandra announced flourishing the same model glass dildo that Mickie selected.

After putting a second Bluetooth headset on Mickie, Alexandra began to tease her with the audience eavesdropping on the 'private discussion of the fate of Mickie's privates.' "You are such a slut! Imagine how you looked to those guys when you let someone play grab ass with you..." Alexandra stage-whispered. "I am going to show you what teasing whores get when they play with fire."

"What do you mean?" Mickie quavered playing along. "What will you do to me? I didn't mean to frustrate anyone but I was directed to put on a good enough show that people would want to come to my party." She continued artfully dodging the monetary aspect of the 'party'.

"I mean that your pussy and your ass are going to get a workout here and now where everybody can see what a sex crazy slut you are." Alexandra growled.

"You don't scare me with that silly glass; I know I can take that." Mickie boasted while she set up her counterattack. Mickie probed the inside of Alexandra's vagina with one hand seeking her 'g-spot' while the other hand stroked Alexandra's clitoris.

For her part, Alexandra rammed the well lubricated glass dildo into Mickie's anus and managed to get it far enough in that the ball at the back of the handle was wedged between Mickie's buttocks. Despite the two handed distraction that Mickie's actions produced, Alexandra then lubed one hand and worked two fingers into Mickie's pussy. She twisted her hand spreading her fingers to wedge Mickie's pussy open. As Mickie's vaginal opening stretched, Alexandra inserted a third and fourth finger. Pushing her hand in and out, Alexandra continued to stretch Mickie's cunt. Finally folding her thumb to align with her fingers Alexandra worked her whole hand into Mickie's pussy. Having succeeded Alexandra gave Mickie a world class fist fuck while reaming her anus with the glass dildo. 

Mickie tried to focus her attention on stimulating Alexandra by fingering her both inside and out. The penetration of her ass and cunt was too stimulating for Mickie to ignore, and she felt herself losing control. If she could only hold on long enough to make Alexandra cum, Mickie would dominate the twosome. If Mickie came first she would become a sex toy to be manipulated by the stripper. Mickie rammed more fingers into Alexandra and growled back. "You are not going to really willing have sex with men -- you are just a tease but I am going to get you so aroused you will fuck anything and anyone right up here on this stage." Mickie challenged as she worked another finger up Alexandra's cunt.

Mickie was not the first newbie Alexandra had brought up to the stage stripped and frigged, but Mickie was far more aggressive than most and so the stimulation of her own genitalia was much more distracting than Alexandra expected. She rallied to put more sexual pressure on Mickie "At least a tease has style. You are just a needy slut with holes needing to be filled."

Finally getting her thumb aligned, Mickie pushed into Alexandra. "You need to be tied up and blind folded and then fucked senselessly by cock after cock because you need to be forced." Mickie probed and unknowingly hit one of Alexandra's fantasies dead on.

The audience was getting into the performance. They began to cheer on the twosome "Ram it to her! Make the slut cum! Frig her pussy!" 

Panting with arousal Alexandra redoubled her efforts and taunts" You want to be filled with toys filled with cock and even filled with semen you nympho slut. "This did target one of Mickie's fantasies but when she heard Randy calling out from stage side "That's it! Loosen the whore's holes up! She has to take on an army so she needs to have her cunt and ass stretched open." She was pushed into an orgasmic spasm that swept her away.

As Mickie thrashed she pushed Alexandra over the top also and the stripper shuddered and moaned as she came; her knees buckled and she collapsed on top of Mickie. They were both nearly senseless. The guys in the audience pounded their hands and tabletops in approval. Before any really adventurous soul elected to try to take advantage of the ladies' post orgasmic euphoria, Randy scooped up all the discarded garments and toys and pulled the two off the stage, out of the club and into his car.

"Where are you taking me?" a groggy Alexandra asked 

"To our room at the motel. You can watch Mickie turn tricks. You can turn some yourself or you can just be a fluffer." Randy told her. "You can get a ride later to pick up your car."

****** 

During the ride back to the motel the two girls were a bit 'out of it' as they had yet to come down form awe inspiring orgasms that they produced in each other. Mickie did recover enough to actually giggle as she saw the line of potential johns waiting outside the motel door. "Looks like we are having a 'Black Friday Sale' from the way the crowd lined up." She quipped. 

Alexandra saw the humor in the situation and was sufficiently back in reality to ask. "What do you expect of a fluffer? I don't want to let you down. Mickie pegged me I am a tease, but I am not into having sex with any man with a buck to spend. These guys do look pretty funny lined up like that though."

Randy pulled up to the motel room door and opened the suite up. He led the ladies into the rooms just as the room clerk Jimmy showed up to manage the crowd of johns. "I have never seen the customers line up before the lady arrives before. You must have put on quite a show at the club. Here's how it works. Every customer receives a numbered ticket from me. Blue are the real johns and orange are watchers only. The tickets are numbered so take on the blue tickets in number order. Alex, give me your keys and I'll send someone to fetch your car from the club."

In the suite Mickie led Alexandra into the bathroom for a quick wash up and a quiet word. "If I am going to get through that crowd it will be a big help if you 'interview' the next customer and determine how he wants to spend his time with me. What are his preferences for being on top, which hole he wants and how he wants to start. If the conversation with you doesn't get him hard, help him along with some teasing. As soon as you see the current john finishing, get a condom on the next. If the "next" is a team they really have to tell you how they want it to go down. I will do anything that does not injure me including DP in the same hole." Mickie instructed.

Alexandra dried herself off and strutted back to the bedroom. "Who has card number one?" She called out.

"We do!" One of two twins spoke out.

"Nothing is simple." Alexandra said to herself, and more loudly. "Well, come here you two so we can get the show going." As they stepped closer she added. "How do you want this to go down? Mickie will do her very best to please you completely but we need to be ready for her." She continued. "Now strip fold your clothes and put them in the locker and take this key." When that talk was done Alexandra could see no supplemental stimulus was needed so she handed the guys condoms. 

"We want to start out playing with her and we'll work out who uses which holes as we go."

Alexandra conferred with Mickie and the Road Show (motel gang bang edition) got started with a threesome. The first team proved experienced at this and strove effectively to give Mickie multiple orgasms as they switched holes and ends. (In fact these guys were planted by Jimmy for the leadoff spot expressly because they could 'get the most' out of the lady they partied with, and leave her feeling very well fucked and give the audience more incentive to pleasure her.)

A while bunch of singletons were serviced thereafter each getting his choice of holes and positions, but all strove to give Mickie a good ride and she rewarded them with enthusiastic orgasms before they came themselves. Then another team of two, Max and Buddy, announced their preferences. They want a vaginal DP. These two guys were also a pair of the better equipped johns. Alexandra actually groaned audibly as she "grasped the magnitude" physically and mentally of the challenge Mickie faced.

Max lay on his back and Alexandra crawled to his side to get the condom in place. She held the stiff cock up straight as Mickie proceeded to straddle him facing ahead. Mickie was already well lubricated as she slowly sank down impaling her cunt on Max's cock. Mickie grinned as she saw the glazed, lust filled expression on Alexandra's face. "Help cover Buddy with lubricant and guide him into me." Alexandra was clearly extra ordinarily affected by the request.

Once Buddy was fully penetrated, Mickie asked Buddy to grab her by the tits and support her in a leaning position. "Let me suck on your nipples sweetie." Mickie directed Alexandra. "You can face me and straddle the Max. They are giving me wonderful sensations in my vagina." 

"Oh you feel wonderful kissing me." Alexandra moaned, and then in a startled tone. "I can feel him breathing on my pussy. He is blowing. .. He is licking me! ... His fingers a probing into me... I can't do that! But I don't want to stop...." She sobbed conflicted by her arousal and her fears. 

Mickie was being stimulated by two cocks in her pussy and Alexandra's breast in her mouth so she offered little verbal comfort but added to the heat by placing one of Alexandra's hands on the her breast and the other feeling up her crotch. This quickly pushed Mickie over the top and she climaxed noisily and repeatedly. The guy behind and Alexandra we grabbing and tugging at her nipples and Alexandra's other hand added to the stimulation of the two cocks in her pussy. Mickie could feel a sudden spasm in one of the cocks and that seemed to trigger a response by the other, which set Mickie off. 

Mickie's final release found a sympathetic response in Alexandra who added her own erolalia cries to the chorus. 

The foursome collapsed in a tangle.

As they unwound, Mickie literally called time out and promising to be right back pulled Alexandra into the bathroom for another shower. "What's the matter honey?" Mickie Asked. "You seemed to be having a great time and then at the end you looked like you were going to panic."

"Oh Mickie! I tease and that's OK with my Hubby, but I don't fuck! If those last guys with the magnificent cocks lay me on the bed, they could have had me in a heartbeat, and that might ruin my marriage. I don't know if I can control myself out there. The stimulation and teasing is getting to me." Alexandra said.

"It's going to be OK. You didn't fuck and some guy just ate you out and got a bit frisky with his fingers. I thought you were upset at what we were doing." Mickie consoled her.

"Hubby has seen me work on other women lots and never minded it when I got the same done to me by some gal..." Alex temporized. 

"Randy, come in here!" Mickie Called. "Pick a moment in that last video foursome sequence that shows how animated we all were and email that to Alexandra's phone." Turning to Alexandra, Mickie said. "Count on Randy to find an image where we are all glowing, and you email it to Hubby telling him you are acting as my fluffer. I'll bet you get an approving message right back. Now let's get us both cleaned up and dried off and back to the mattress."

After a few moments Alexandra's phone pinged and she studied the message and the after a few more keystrokes took a deep breath and hit send.

When the girls reappeared in the bedroom the guys who had their turn surrendered their seats to johns waiting outside the room, Despite having serviced almost a dozen guys, every seat in the room was occupied by someone holding a blue ticket. "Expect more DP action!" Randy warned. "The guys have realized that the wait will be a whole lot less, and that you seem to have and give a better time with two cocks than one. Everybody wins!"

Randy was prophetic because the next two had a split roast in mind with the guys switching ends and Mickie deep throating the guy in front. Randy was also accurate in that Mickie's response was louder quicker and fiercer with the threesome. Part way through this encounter Alexandra's phone pinged and she read the message and looked at Mickie beaming and nodding. Green Light! The two girls realized!

Following the split roast, a sandwich DP was ordered up with all three lying sided by side. Then DP's became routine as the wait list shrank and aroused johns were transmuted to satisfied customers. Then a team of two presented themselves wanting an anal DP. Alexandra was worried but Mickie new she could manage this and radiated confidence and performed to the very great satisfaction of all involved and all in the audience.

Mickie once again called a time out and walked back to freshen up in the bathroom. "I gather Hubby was encouraging." She opened the conversation.

"He said I looked wonderful, and he never was able to stand back and see how beautiful I looked while I was in the midst of a climax because he was holding me close and causing it." Alexandra gushed. "Your endurance is amazing, Mickie, by my count you already have taken care of two dozen plus johns. I think that is more than anyone expected. How can you keep going back?"

"You have all these guys wearing protection and well lubed up so the actual act is exhilarating and my climaxes have kept my battery charged so I am still looking forward to more sex when we go back out there. Are you feeling OK though?" Mickie responded. 

"The constant exposure of my body to horney men is still turning me on, and making sure they are erect and the act of getting rubbers on builds on the conversations about what they want to do to you. The long and short of it is that I am constantly in a state of arousal which seems to be more intense when the guys' equipment is large." Alexandra said.

"I guess we are both big cock sluts, because those two guys from the first bunch really had me going also. Can you see what the next customer wants as I run a brush through my hair?" Mickie asked.

The next customer turned out to me three ambitious guys who decided they had the stones to make Mickie 'air-tight' by plugging her mouth, ass and cunt with their cocks. They started off gang busters but when they paused to switch positions (and who enjoyed which hole, the coordination suffered. The john who just exited Mickie's anal passage needed to get a clean condom on and the chap who was being given fellatio bareback also needed to get protected. Finally the guy who had been penetrating Mickie's vagina wanted the extra sensation of a bareback BJ. All this did let the three johns regain more composure so they were able to prolong the total experience without resorting to unusual mental discipline but also left the bystanders waiting longer for the climax of the display. 

Mickie was getting off multiple times during each part of the total session so she could be seen to be having a blast, and true to her customer service guarantee she was going to work with this crew till all paying customers were satisfied. After the third repositioning Mickie's success criteria were met as one after the other, all the johns came.
