 It was Saturday afternoon and me and Zoe were out for an afternoon drive.  We had wanted to go to the beach but the weather wasn’t quite warm enough for that.  Instead, we took my Jeep out to the country.  With the radio playing loud, the top down on the Jeep and no one else in sight, it was going to be a good afternoon.

The sun felt good as we drove.  I had on jean short-shorts and a black sports bra, my hair pulled back in a ponytail.  Zoe was wearing black bike shorts and a white bikini top.  It might be too cool for the beach, but we were going to get a tan one way or another.

As I rounded a curve, I felt the Jeep lurch and then sputter.  Zoe and I looked at one another and then the Jeep died.  I cruised to the side of the road and slowed until the Jeep came to a complete stop.  Great!  Just what we needed.  Stuck out in the middle of nowhere.  Zoe grabbed her cell phone but we were so far out, there was no signal.  

Sitting out in the country, we waited for someone, anyone to pull up.  After about 30 minutes, we decided to get out of the Jeep and walk around.  

“What now?” Zoe asked.

“Well, we could always strip and lay in the sun for a while,” I said half joking.

Zoe smiled and grabbed my hand.  Pulling me to her, she cupped the back of my neck in her hand, “Or we could just make out.” 

Zoe’s lips crushed down on mine.  I smiled under her mouth as her tongue slipped between my lips and snaked into my mouth.  Zoe’s hand wandered down and stroked my breast through my sports bra.  I moaned as her fingers squeezed my nipples.  Zoe has an amazing mouth.  I know because we’ve been lovers for a long time.  She has an even more amazing tongue.  

Slipping my hands down between her legs, I cupped Zoe’s crotch through her bike shorts.  She was already wet.  My fingers pushed against the fabric, rubbing not so gently.  Zoe moaned and leaned down to suck my nipple into her mouth, taking my sports bra with it.  Pulling my bra down, Zoe grabbed my tit and shoved it in her mouth.  I pushed my hand harder against her pussy as she lightly bit down on my nipple.  

Just as I was getting ready to slip my hand down inside Zoe’s bike shorts, I heard a truck.  Grudgingly, I pulled away from Zoe, fixed my sports bra and walked around the other side of the Jeep.  Waving, I called out to the oncoming truck.  The driver pulled off to the side of the road in front of my Jeep and stepped out.  Oh boy!  The driver was a tall man, probably around 6’, dark brown hair and a body that was filling out a tight pair of Levi’s and a sleeveless t-shirt.  His eyes were hidden by a pair of dark sunglasses.

“Having a little trouble, ladies? Maybe I can help.”

His name was Cliff.  We introduced ourselves and Cliff open ed the hood of the Jeep.  After a few minutes of playing with wires and twisting nobs, Cliff closed the hood.  

“Doesn’t look too good.  I think you’re going to need a tow.  How long you ladies been out here?”

Zoe was standing close to me, smiling.  I knew what she was thinking. 

“Oh about an hour maybe.  But we were keeping ourselves busy.”

“Really? And what were you doing to stay busy way our here in the middle of nowhere?”

“A little of this.”

I reached out and grabbed Zoe to me, my lips crushing hers.  Her hands came back up to my breasts, squeezing them.  I heard Cliff say something but didn’t really hear him.  My tongue pushed into Zoe’s mouth and my hands reached down to grab her ass, pushing her against me.  Breaking my mouth away from hers, I pulled her bikini top aside, revealing her huge tits and looked at Cliff.  Lowering my mouth, I wrapped my lips around her hard nipples and sucked.  Zoe moaned and pushed her chest towards me.  I sucked hard on her nipples, nibbling on her nubs with my teeth.

“Want some?  I’ll share.”

I was egging Cliff on.  Walking over to us, Cliff reached out with one hand and stroked Zoe’s left breast and wrapped his other hand around her neck, pulling her mouth to his.  I felt Zoe shiver and sucked harder on her nipple.  Cliff lowered his mouth down around Zoe’s left nipple as I sucked on her right tit.  Zoe was in heaven.  Cliff pulled my mouth away from Zoe’s nipple long enough to kiss my lips and then returned to sucking her.  

Finally, I straightened and told them to follow me around to the other side of the Jeep.  I knew we were out in the middle of nowhere, but no need to have everyone see.  I sat on the passenger seat of my Jeep and lifted my sports bra off over my head, my tits bouncing in the sun.  Wiggling my shorts down, I slipped them off, along with my panties.  Naked, I stroked my breasts and then slipped my hands down between my legs to finger my wet pussy.  Cliff watched as Zoe knelt down between my legs and licked my pussy lips.  I love Zoe’s tongue.  She knows just what I like.

As her tongue dove in and out of my tight hole, Cliff undid his jeans and reached inside for his cock.  He was huge.  His engorged member was thick and long.  I watched as his hands stroked his cock up and down as he watched Zoe eat my pussy.  I moaned and reached out for him.  

We shifted.  Telling him to sit down on the passenger seat, I leaned over, my ass in the air.  As my hands wrapped themselves around his thick shaft, Zoe knelt under me, opening my pussy with her fingers.  I moaned as I sucked Cliff’s cock and Zoe sucked my clit.  Cliff moaned, pushing my head down on his thick member.  My tongue swirled around his swollen head, licking the drop of precum from the tip.  Zoe’s tongue pushed deep inside me and then flicked quickly back and forth across my lips.

I felt my orgasm building.  Zoe opened my pussy wider using her fingers and dove her tongue deep inside me.  Her fingers followed, sliding inside my tight pussy.  Cliff’s cock was starting to throb but I didn’t want him to cum yet.  I wanted to watch him fuck Zoe.  I groaned as my orgasm ripped through me, sending spurts of warm cum into Zoe’s mouth.  She licked and sucked my pussy.

Standing, I helped Zoe undress, pulling her shorts off her tight ass.  Reaching into the glove compartment of my Jeep, I pulled out a condom.  Ripping it open, I slowly lowered it onto Cliff’s throbbing cock.  Zoe stood and watched, her hands stroking her pussy.  Turning her around so her back was to Cliff, I slowly guided his condom-wrapped cock into Zoe’s dripping pussy.  She moaned and Cliff groaned as his cock pushed inside her, parting her lips and thrusting upwards.  

I stroked Zoe’s breasts, sucking her nipples, as Cliff slowly bounced her on his cock.  Zoe is wonderfully tight and I knew they were both enjoying this.  Zoe started to buck her hips back and forth on Cliff’s cock, riding him hard.  His hands gripped her hips, pushing and pulling her on top of him.  Kneeling down, I licked Cliff’s hanging balls, sucking them into my mouth.  I could taste Zoe’s juices on his balls and sucked harder.  Rubbing my fingers over the top of Zoe’s pussy, I stroked her as Cliff’s cock fucked her.

Cliff was moaning, yelling out that he was going to cum.  Zoe moaned and pushed harder down on his cock.  As I sucked Cliff’s balls, I felt Zoe tighten her pussy and knew she was cumming.  Her warm juices flowed down over his balls telling me I was right. Zoe lifted herself from Cliff’s cock.  Kneeling down with me, she ripped the condom off him and wrapped her hands around his shaft.  Jerking up and down on his tool, we drank up his cum as it shot out the tip.  Cliff moaned and leaned back, thrusting his cock upwards.  Zoe and I each sucked him, our tongues licking either side of his sensitive member.  Then, Zoe and I kissed each other, our tongues snaking across each other’s mouth.

Still kneeling down between Cliff’s legs, our fingers stroking his cock, we asked Cliff if he minded giving us a ride home.  We promised to repay him by riding him once we got there.  Cliff smiled, helped us dress and then drove us home.  We sent the tow truck out to get my Jeep but not before Zoe and I both fucked Cliff a couple more times.  I bet he stops every time he sees a lady in distress.  I know we do.