 Riya was released from the pole, by Misa and Lolly, with Rob's help. Andy brought out a bag of ropes from a cupboard. Bella took it from him and sorting out a rope gave it to Rima and took one herself. The two stood on either side of Riya and started winding the rope tightly round her thighs, near the crotch. They asked the boys to put Riya in a sitting position and hold her. Two ropes were put tightly, one just above her breasts and the other just in the fold below her breasts. This made both her breasts jut out. Another rope went round the back of her neck. The two ends were tied to the two ropes between her two boobs, pushing them out further. This rope was long and Bella pulled it between Riya's legs, between her pussy lips. Rima caught the two ends and pulled them tightly into the fold of Riya's butt. She then brought it up and tied it to the two ropes on her chest at the back and finally secured it to the loop round her neck. This prevented the rope from strangling Riya. 

Riya was now in a nice, tight rope bondage. Rima then told the boys to relax and allow their balls to be refilled with their juices. She asked Bella to put on the porn CD, which they had brought along. As they watched, the boys' juices would be refilled she said. The porno flick was really hot. Five couples were engaged in a sex orgy. Rima warned the boys to restrain themselves or they would not have any juice left for Riya's grand finale. 

Suddenly, everybody realized that one of the females looked familiar and that it was Bella. 'Wow' gasped the girls, as Bella explained that she had taken part in the flick when she was abroad few months ago. Riya who could watch the movie on the big screen because she was in a sitting position gave a muffled sound. She too was seeing the movie for the first time. Usually, Rima and Riya passed on porn movies to each other. Rarely did it happen that one or the other had not seen a particular movie.

The movie ended with one of the guys spewing his load onto Bella's pussy. Misa and Lolly were curious to know how it felt to take part in a prono flick. Bella said she could arrange an actual experience. The girls were fascinated to know this. Rima reminded Bella that she too had not played such a part for a long time. Bella invited all of them to her place. She added that they could go there as soon as they had finished Riya's party. They immediately turned their attention to Riya.

Rima fondled Rob's balls and asked him if they were loaded once again. Rob only smiled at that. Andy asked Asit to lie on the bed. He then removed the rope lodged in Riya's pussy and butt-crack and helped her climb onto Asit. Asit pushed his penis into her pussy. Andy positioned his penis against her butt. He asked Rob to get on the bed and remove Riya's gag and replace it with his penis. The girls watched as the Riya got her triple penetration.

Bella had meanwhile strapped on a two-way dildo. She had strapped similar dildos onto Misa and Lolly. She pushed Lolly onto the bed. Rima climbed onto her and lowered her pussy on Lolly's dildo to its hilt. Just then Bella guided Misa's dildo into Rima's butt-hole. Next she climbed on the bed and inserted her dildo into Rima's waiting mouth. Daughter and mom were having a triple penetration together. 

Even Andy had no idea that such would be the finale. All the boys were excited and sawed away in their particular hole. Riya was enjoying the release from restraint. She had already started on a series of orgasms and yet she wanted more. By now she had settled into a rhythm. Her pussy slid down onto Asit's penis as she slid forward with her mouth taking in Rob's length. Andy rammed her butt hole at the same time. The boys were holding onto their loads for the time-being. 

Bella, Misa and Lolly were having a great time with Rima. Lolly was enjoying Rima's pushes on her dildo. She had a great view of Rima's heavy boobs heaving over her face. The heavy weights attached to her nipple rings occasionally brushing or hitting her face. She raised her head and fastened her teeth onto one of Rima's nipple's, taking the weight and nipple ring in her mouth. Misa bent forward and caught hold of Rima's breasts with her hands. She squeezed her breasts and started pushing each breast into Lolly's mouth alternately. 

Their thrusting and heaving reached a crescendo. The whole group seemed poised for a common orgasm. Riya was really letting herself go, multiple orgasms making her jump and thrust harder. As the girls gave into their orgasms, the boys showed restraint and pulled out their penises from Riya. They released their loads almost together onto Riya, who was now lying on her back. Riya's breasts and stomach were streaked with the boys' cum.

Misa, Lolly, Bella and also Rima watched the boys shoot their semen onto Riya. Rima pushed forward and eagerly licked the semen with her tongue. She moved up and put the semen collected in her mouth, into Riya's mouth. She wished her a Happy Birthday to the cheers and clapping of all the others. They all lay exhausted on the bed. Ultimately Riya struggled to a sitting position, her rope bondage still partly on. She said "Thank You" to all of them.