 Riya and her friends were soon spread out around Andy's place, sleeping in an exhausted stupor. At home, her mom Rima, was in her bed. She was having a vivid dream about her daughter's carnal capers. In her dream she visualized Riya astride Andy's penis. As she moved up and down, Rob pushed her forward and pulled her up slightly. He placed his hard penis against her butt-hole and slowly pushed it inside the hole. As Rob started moving in her butt-hole, Riya beckoned Asit in front of her and slowly started caressing his penis and balls with one hand while she balanced herself with her other hand. As Asit rose to his full glory, the purple tip of his cock gleamed with pre-cum. Riya could not resist her urge and pulled him towards her mouth. She licked the pre-cum with the tip of her tongue and slowly took in his entire penis into her mouth. Her own movements on the penises inside her pussy and her butt-hole caused her to slide up and down along the length of Asit's penis and soon he had picked up the rhythm and all four of them were moving in a coordinated manner. 

Rob was the first to feel the stirrings in his loins and moaned as he spurted inside Riya's butt-hole, he moved out of her a bit early, as a result part of his semen spilled onto Andy's balls. Misa quickly moved in, pushing aside Rob and licked the liquid on Andy's balls. Misa's tongue on his balls and Riya's thrusting down the length of his penis was too much for Andy and he let out a shout, as he came spurting inside Riya's cunt. Part of Andy's semen flowed out of her cunt and was willingly licked by Misa. Misa's movement against her buttocks and Andy's spurting suddenly brought on Riya's orgasm. She clamped her teeth onto Asit's penis, causing him to come and shoot his load into her throat. As Rob had moved away from Riya, Lolly loath to miss the fun had immediately grabbed his wet penis and fastened her mouth onto it. 

Rima woke up with a start and realized that she was dreaming of her daughter in a three-way gangbang. She also realized that she was clutching at her clit with her left hand and the nails of her other hand were holding one of her nipples in a pinch. The drawn curtains of the windows did not allow much light inside the room. She realized that it was morning, she turned and looked at the bedside clock, it showed that it was eight am. Rima got up, but the ache in her pussy did not leave her. She realized that she wanted live skin on her pussy. The tongue of some one from her lesbian lovers or the penis of one of her boyfriends; maybe both. As these thoughts raced through her mind, she quickly made her way to the washroom and washed herself. Back in her room she put on a push-up bra and pulled on a low waist jean. She wore a short sleeveless top and added some make-up to her face. Picking up her handbag, she was out of the house and into her car in a trice. The drive took her about ten minutes and a few seconds later she was ringing the bell of her friend's flat. 

After three or four rings, her friend Bella opened the door. Rima got in and pushed the door close. Bella had obviously pulled on her dressing gown in a hurry, because the belt was loose and it gaped open reveali8ng most of her shapely breasts. Rima stepped forward and grabbed her and kissed her roughly. Rima told Bella to move down and fuck her with her tongue there and then. As she was saying this her hands had pulled the zipper of her jeans and had pushed her jeans down to reveal her shaved pussy. Bella realizing Rima's urgency had got down on her knees and pushed her mouth into her pussy. She held her by her butt, kneading the globes with her fingers, as Rima stepped out of the jeans. Bella parted Rima's pussy-lips with her tongue and started flicking it over her exposed cunt. Bella pushed harder with her tongue and just when she found Rima's clit with the tip of her tongue, Rima shuddered as the first of several orgasms hit her. 

Later when Rima had calmed down a bit, Bella inquired what had got her so hot. Rima told her of the party she had arranged for Riya and how she had ended up dreaming of the gang-bang. Rima explained further that Riya's party was far from over and it would continue for the entire day today at Andy's place. She had planned it in elaborate detail and had taken Andy into confidence and had kept it as a surprise for Riya on her birthday. Her description aroused Bella, too and soon they were licking each other's pussies in a sixty-niner position. 

It was eleven in the morning and Andy was the first to be fully awake. He moved around his flat watching his friends lying around naked, still asleep. Riya was in his bed, where he had somehow managed to take her. She lay there with her legs spread out and her left hand clutching her pussy. Andy washed himself and put on a pair of shorts as he started setting up some equipment. The first item was a ring, which he attached to a hook on one wall. Two other rings were fixed into the lower part of the wall about a foot from the ground. These were three feet apart. He then opened a cupboard and got out a heavy stand, which had fixtures similar to those on the wall. To the middle portion he attached a pole, which had rings at the top. The whole structure was heavy and sturdy.

His preparations complete Andy started waking up the others and then explained the arrangements he had made. This excited the group very much. Each of them quickly got up and washed themselves. Andy proceeded to distribute leather garments to the others. The two girls got crotchless bikini panties and push-up bras with cutout holes for the nipples and knee-length stilettos. For the boys there were leather thongs with attachment at the side from which dangled a leather paddle. There was a special gift-wrapped package for Riya, with a big "Happy Birthday From MOM" sticker on it. The contents of this package the five of them could only guess, but it excited them very much because of the items, which they had received. Andy asked the others to dress up in the leather garments, while he woke up Riya and got her ready for the next part of the party.

Andy, still in his shorts, went into the bedroom and woke up Riya. He took her to the washroom and asked her to freshen-up, reminding her that the rest of the day was still there, for them to continue with the fun. He asked Riya to call him when she was finished and he and the others would join her in the bedroom where they had a surprise for her. Riya was now fully awake and took her bag from the dressing table where Andy had kept it. 

Andy went to where the others were and was stunned to see the effect of all that leather. His penis had hardened immediately and as he stepped out of his shorts it was standing up in its full glory. He had difficulty in putting on his thong but somehow managed to stuff his straining penis into it. He told the others that they would enter the bedroom together when Riya called and present her the large package given by her mom. He also asked them to follow his lead after that.

A few minutes later, Riya called out to them, saying she was waiting for her surprise. The five of them trooped into the room, causing Riya to be speechless at the sight of their leather clad bodies. When she got over her surprise she could only say "WOW". She became excited when they handed her the package. She kissed the package and then tore it open. It contained a bag with a zipper. She laid it on the bed and opened the zip as the others gathered around her, equally excited and curious to know its contents. She pulled out an item consisting only of straps crisscrossing each other. She shook it and suddenly realized what it was. It was a harness; she squealed in delight. Misa stepped forward took hold of the straps and held it out for Riya to step into. She put her feet into it and Misa pulled up the harness over her arms and adjusted it first around her shoulders, after some more adjustments, Riya's boobs were outlined by the straps of the harness. The rest of the straps were molded to her body, Misa arranged the two straps between her legs so that they left access to her pussy and butt-hole totally free. By now the boys' penises were straining inside their thongs and all the three girls' nipples had hardened and were sticking out. Riya once again dipped into the bag and came up with a pair of handcuffs, followed by a pair of ankle cuffs. She handed these to Andy and then pulled out a smaller packet, which contained six facemasks of leather. The last item that came out of the bag was a small purse with a sticker bearing Andy's name on it. 

Andy now revealed that Riya's mom had taken him into confidence for arranging her surprise birthday gift. He took the purse from Riya and led her to the wall, there he made her stand with the back to the wall and asked her to raise both her hands slightly above her head. He then handcuffed her and asked Asit to keep the key on the dressing table. He asked Lolly to put on the other cuffs on Riya's ankles, instructing Riya to stand up on to a small stool. Riya had taken these preparations silently, her cunt was wet with excitement and anticipation. Andy took hold of her hands and raised them to the level of the ring in the wall. He opened the ring and slipped it through the handcuff chain. Bending down he did the same with both the ankle cuffs. Riya was now hanging out from the wall held in place only by the three cuffs – "Ooohh!" was all that she exclaimed. 

By now Andy had instructed the others to put on their masks, which they realized were really hoods, with cutouts for their eyes, nose, and mouth. He then opened the purse and brought out a ball-gag from it. He handed this to Rob who immediately inserted it into Riya's already open mouth and adjusted the clasp behind her neck. The next items in the purse were two nipple clamps, which Andy snapped onto her erect nipples making her jerk with the sudden painful sensation. Andy took out the last few items: they were a couple of weights, which he immediately attached, dangling, from her nipple rings; last to come out were some feathers, which Andy explained were to be used to tease Riya. 

Andy called the others together and told them the next part of the game. They were all to indulge in group-sex acts, except Riya. She was occasionally to be teased with the feathers or with light touches across her body, tormenting her. After they were tired of this they would change the scene, which he promised to explain at that time. With this Andy adjusted his hood on his face and removed his thong, His taut penis jumped out. Rob and Asit, too, had got out of their thongs and the three of them formed a daisy chain. Andy's penis in Rob's butt and his in turn inserted into Asit's butt. Asit was already moving his hand along the length of his shaft. He was a few feet away, facing Riya allowing her a full view of their daisy chain. The other two girls had already latched their mouths onto each other's pussies and were busy licking and sucking. 

Riya could only watch the scene through widened eyes. Myriad sensations were coursing through her body. The torturing yet pleasurable pain in her nipples from the clamps and the weights attached to her nipple-rings was one. The straps had started cutting into her body at various places but the most pleasure she got was from the two straps cutting into her crotch on either side of her pussy. And then there was her pussy, which throbbed and caused a huge ache and longing for something to be thrust into it. She looked at Asit's penis with longing. It was so close yet so far, as he rubbed it up and down in his hand. 

As these thoughts coursed through her mind, the boys had been moving at a steady rhythm. Suddenly the tempo appeared to increase and with loud grunts Andy and Rob shot their loads. Asit shot his entire load at the same time with one last jerk and it streamed out in front of him and quite a bit splattered Riya just below her navel. 

The girls had finished earlier and were watching the boys do their daisy chain act. They immediately turned their attention to Riya, as Asit's semen splattered her, they sat in front of her on their haunches and started licking the semen off her body. Riya went "Ungghh", which was all she could get past the gag, at the sensations caused by their licks. She thrust out her pelvis at them, but the two of them naughtily stopped using their tongues and started tormenting her with the feathers. Asit moved behind Misa and sat behind her, he then pulled her up and made her straddle him and push down with her pussy on his penis. Rob got the idea and did the same with Lolly. The girls continued to trace patterns with the feathers around Riya's pussy and pelvic area as they humped up and down on the boys' penises.

Andy moved near Riya and held each of her boobs in his palms, his thumbs rubbing the inner part of the boobs teasingly. Riya closed her eyes and gave up herself to enjoying the pleasurable sensations aroused in her. Suddenly Andy let go of her boobs and jerked off the clips on her nipples making her gasp which escaped as a "ssss…" sound past her mouth-gag. So far her nipples had become numb from being clamped but now as the circulation returned she felt the pain. Andy bent down and lightly licked her nipple tips, this only sent a mixture of pain and pleasure sensation down to her pussy making her rock her pelvis back and forth. Her need for something hard to be thrust into her pussy was now turning into a mad craving. 

She had never felt such sensations before and they increased further as the two girls continued to brush her lightly with the feathers and Andy started doing the same to her neck, her armpits and her boobs. A stronger effort on her part at shouting out only produced a muffled "mmmfff.." sound from her mouth. This caused the girls to stop their humping and laugh loudly. All of them were getting some sadistic pleasure from her torment. Andy started playing with the weights dangling from her nipple rings, swinging them from side to side. All of sudden he took the two clamps in each hand opened them wide and held them up for her to see. In one swift motion he brought them down and clamped them shut on her nipples. Riya could only watch with wide-open eyes, this time no sound came from her mouth but she closed her eyes tightly. The pain shot through her body and reached her pussy increasing her craving for a hard penis. 

Watching this play the two girls lost no time in reaching their orgasms. The boys had already emptied their balls into them and as the two girls got up drops of their cum fell back onto the boys. Misa bent down licked up the bigger drops and went up to Riya and rubbed her nostrils with the cum. The scent of sex further maddened Riya and she bucked and strained with all her energy against the cuffs holding her to the wall.

Andy realized that they had been playing the game for well over an hour now and told the others that it was time they released Riya from her bondage. He asked Rob and Asit to hold her while he opened the three cuffs. The three of them slowly brought down Riya and had to help her move to the bed. There she lay quietly for sometime obviously exhausted. Some time later she indicated that the gag needed to be removed from her mouth. Lolly did that and the first words that came out of Riya's mouth were "Fuck you all" and she followed this with a burst of laughter. The others did not know what to make of this but as Riya calmed down she told them that she was laughing at the funny side of the whole thing and assured them that she had thoroughly enjoyed the bondage. Only now she required something hard up her cunt and was ready to fuck the pole that was standing at the foot of the bed. 

All of them looked at the stout wooden pole on its square stand and then at Andy seeking an explanation. He explained that this was for the second part of the bondage scene put together by Riya's mom and he asked them to come up with ideas to make use of the pole. Riya thanked them all for spending so much time for her sake and requested that all of them take some food and then rest before continuing with her mom's games. By now all of them had removed their masks and Andy announced that the kitchen had adequate stock of food and invited all to help themselves. He released Riya from the handcuffs but she told him to let the other items remain on her body. Misa expressed a desire to try on the nipple clamps which Riya agreed to and she removed them from her nipples and snapped them on to Misa's nipples making her wince. Then they all trooped into the kitchen and dining area and started eating. Later all of them relaxed on the sofas in the living room. Andy put on a porn flick for them to watch but their hectic sexual activities had made them tired and soon all of them were dozing off to sleep.