 Misa was the first to wake up. She lay there for some time, toying with the clamps attached to her nipples. She was soon wide-awake and decided to awaken the others. Her playing with the nipple clamps and the thought of further bondage scene excited her. Lolly and Riya were sleeping cuddled up together. Andy and Rob seemed to have indulged in some more activity. They lay in a sixty-niner position. Andy's penis was still in Rob's mouth. She looked closely at them and she noticed the mark made by dried semen on Andy's cheek. Asit was sleeping all by himself, but he had an erection even in his sleep. This scene only added to Misa's excitement.

Misa latched onto Asit's erect penis with her mouth and started sucking and licking him. Her hands became busy caressing his hips. Asit moved in his sleep and moaned apparently dreaming. He was soon awakened by Misa's actions and then he shouted "Hey" as she bit on his penis. His shout caused Lolly to get up and she watched as Misa continued her sucking. Asit was awake now and he half got up and then pulled Misa up to him gently. She reluctantly gave up his penis and moved up on his body, but then she quickly got up. She and Lolly woke up everyone including Riya.

Riya suddenly caught Lolly's head and pushed her pussy against it. She started rubbing her pussy on her forehead. Lolly got excited and put out her hands and grabbed her butt. She pushed her tongue into Riya's pussy. Riya had closed her eyes and continued to hold Lolly's head. Andy finally stepped forward and separated the duo. Riya shouted at him to let her fucking continue. Andy was firm and he quickly put the handcuffs onto Riya's wrists. 

Riya started whimpering and pleading with him to let her reach her climax. Andy only continued to hold her and asked Misa to give him the mouth gag. As she came forward with it Riya shouted that she did not want to be gagged. Andy asked Misa to put the gag into Riya's mouth while he held her. Riya now resorted to pleading with Misa. But her pleading was to no avail. Misa smiled at her wickedly and stepped forward and deftly inserted the ball-gag into her mouth. She clipped the strap at the back of her head. Now Riya could make only some unintelligible sounds. Andy then asked Misa to complete Riya's bondage by putting on the ankle-cuffs. Misa willingly obliged. Andy then slowly put down Riya, who could not move much.

Andy went into the bedroom and moved the wooden pole into open space. He called Lolly and Misa to help him complete the setup. There were four pairs of chains to be attached to the pole at different levels. The girls fixed two at the lower levels and realized that they came upto pussy-level. Andy fixed one at the topmost level, which well above head-height and the last one came to breast level. Andy showed them the adjustable rings, which could lock into the ankle-cuffs and handcuffs. Andy brought out a contraption, which he fixed to the pole platform. It had two large rings on either side of a small table. Lastly, he fixed the pole platform to the floor.

These preparations completed, Andy explained to the girls that they had a dominant role in this part. They were to push or drag Riya into the bedroom. She was to be made to kneel down, her handcuffs would be removed and her hands would be secured to the two rings on either side of the small table. The two girls were then free to treat her as they wanted for sometime till Andy signaled a change in position.

When Misa and Lolly went outside to bring in Riya they did not find her or the other boys. They went into the kitchen and were surprised to find them there. Their surprise did not last. The boys had hoisted Riya onto the dinning table and were busy rubbing their penises on her boobs. All three were obviously enjoying the action. Both the girls called the boys naughty. The boys only grinned as the girls noticed that their penises and Riya's boobs were wet with the boys' cum. This the girls could not resist. They both moved forward and each grabbed a penis and stuffed it into their mouths. Riya watched helplessly as her pleasuring stopped suddenly. 

Riya went "Mmmffgh.." trying to get their attention and finally succeeded. Misa and Lolly stopped sucking the penises and asked the boys to help them get Riya off the table. As they lowered her from the table, her feet touched the floor and she was invitingly bent over the table's edge, butt in the air. The girls immediately took out their paddles and started on her exposed butt. 'Thwack, thwack' went the paddles gently at first but the tempo quickened as Riya started squirming. The cheeks of her butt were turning pink. The boys pointed out that Riya was rubbing her pussy on the table-edge. This wouldn't do said the girls as they stopped using the paddles. So they lowered her to the floor.

Lolly had another idea. She quickly moved to the bedroom and got a pair of chains from the wooden pole. She told Andy that they were getting Riya into the bedroom. She attached the chains to Riya's nipple rings and tugged at them. She gave the chains a jerk causing Riya to give a muffled gasp. A few more jerks from Lolly and Riya realized that she had to push herself forward towards the bedroom. Lolly handed one of the chains to Misa and the two of them pulled and jerked on them. Riya was making painful and slow progress towards the other room. 

As the chains pulled at her nipples, the jerks sent sexual excitement through her boobs to her entire body. She was in fact enjoying this pull and jerk game. As she creeped along the floor she was able to rub her body on it, increasing her pleasure. Misa and Lolly realized that Riya was enjoying the pulls and jerks. They decided to deny her that enjoyment. They dropped the chains, causing Riya to open her eyes. She tried to plead with them with her eyes to continue, but only got wicked grins in return. 

The boys now decided to take charge. They started pushing Riya towards the other room. They were rough in their efforts and slapped her butt freely. Riya wriggled into the other room and was finally pulled into it by the girls. They hoisted her on her knees and attached her handcuffs to the rings on either side of the table. Just then Andy's cell gave a ring. Andy took the phone and listened, he told the person at the other end that it would take another hour at most and shut the phone.

It was Riya's mom, who had called up Andy to ask how things were going. She intended to be there at the end of the show. She had asked him how long it would take and Andy had informed her it would be about an hour. Rima and Bella had passed a hectic night of sexual activity. Bella had called up a couple of male friends. They enjoyed some group sex for a couple of hours. After Bella's friends had left, they had watched a porn flick together and fucked each other with strap-on dildos. Later they had slept.

Rima went into the bathroom and took a bath. As she came out, Bella too came out of the other bath. Both dressed up for the finale of Riya's birthday celebrations. Rima put on a tiny leather thong. She adjusted her nipple rings and attached a couple of weights to each ring. She then pulled on her jeans and t-shirt. Bella also put on nipple rings and also attached some rings to her pussy inner lips. She just put on a pair of jeans shorts and short jeans halter-top. She slipped into a coat to conceal her sexy attire on the way to Andy's house. Rima drove her car and within fifteen minutes they were at Andy's place. She had a key to the place with which she let themselves in.

With Riya secured to table arrangement, the others donned their hoods. Andy told the girls that they should start working on Riya. Misa started by slapping one cheek of her butt with her bare palm. Lolly worked on the other cheek with her paddle. Misa then changed to the feather and teased Riya's butt with it. The combined effect of the paddle and the feather had Riya bucking. Andy and Asit sat down on either side of Riya and started playing with her boobs. They used the feathers and then tugged at her nipple rings. They mixed this with pinching her nipples and light slaps to her boobs.

Lolly had reversed the paddle and slowly inserted the narrow handle into Riya's butt-hole. The flat part of the paddle stuck out. She then took the other paddle and started lightly tapping the one in Riya's butt. Riya's reaction to this combined assault was an increased bucking and muffled grunts.

Rob had pulled up Misa and shoved his penis into her butt-hole. He fucked her, as the others continued to work on Riya. Souddenly Andy got up and asked the others to stop. He released Riya's hands from the rings. Asit and Andy then pulled up Riya and took her to the pole. Rob meanwhile had finished fucking Misa and he moved to help the two guys. They held her against the pole. Andy raised her hands above her head and attached them to the pole by her handcuffs. Her ankle cuffs were similarly secured to the pole. Andy then asked the girls to attach the chains. Misa and Lolly took the lower chains and pulled them between her legs. They pushed them into her pussy-slit and attached them to the rings on her leather harness. The next level of chains was wrapped round her midriff and attached to the pole. They were already attached to her nipple rings. 

Just then Rima and Bella entered the room. They were a stunning sight. Both had large frames and heavy yet shapely figures. Riya's eyes widened at the sight of her mom and her friend. Rima and Bella were aroused by the scene. The five hooded figures and Riya secured to the pole was a very sexy bondage scene. Riya's staring caused the others to turn around. Excepting Andy, the other four were equally surprised by the entry of Rima and Bella. Andy explained that they had arrived to be part of the final part of the celebrations.

Rima moved forward and took a feather. She went up to Riya and started caressing her with it. She murmured various endearment s as she caressed her. Riya closed her eyes and gave herself up to the pleasure. Suddenly the feather's caresses stopped and she received a hard slap with the paddle on the side of her right breast. The jolt sent a tingle down her body. Also she opened her eyes and was shocked to see that the paddle was in her mom's hand. All the others were also staring at the scene. This was most unexpected. It also aroused their sexual passions to a new pitch.

Rima now held a paddle in each hand. She went about slapping the sides of Riya's breasts. Some of the slaps were hard, some mild. Riya's face mirrored the pain and the pleasure that she was experiencing. Slowly the only expression on her face was that of lust. She realized that the whole show was heading for a climax. A sexual climax, the anticipation of which heightened her feelings of lust. 

Rima herself presented a sexy picture. The two strands of her thong that flared out of the top of the fold of her butt, adorned her shapely backside. As she used the paddles, her two boobs swayed. The weights attached to her nipple-rings swung from side to side. The boys were fondling their penises as they took in the scene. The girls and Bella had their fingers in each other's pussies. 

Riya watched the scene in front of her when she opened her eyes. The chains were now biting into her pussy flesh. Each slap to her boobs caused a myriad, sensations to run through her body. She relished all those sensations. Her moans of pleasure escaped as unidentifiable sounds past her ball-gag. Any movement on her part caused the chains to pull at her nipple-rings, sending fresh tingles from her nipples to her body. 

Rima stopped suddenly and turned round. She said she was ready for the next part. She asked them to remove their hoods, which they did. She herself stepped out of her thong and pulled Andy by his penis towards her. She announced that as part of her gift she was going to fuck Riya's favorite boyfriend. Rima grabbed more of Andy's penis and stuffed it into her pussy. She pushed him slowly to the ground and started humping on his penis.

Rima gestured to other two boys to come closer and asked them to give her a triple penetration. Rob moved behind her. Holding her hips, he obligingly inserted his penis into her butt-hole. Rima caught hold of Asit's penis and started working on it with her tongue. Soon Asit's penis was fucking her mouth. Rima had caught hold of Asit's butt cheeks and dug her fingernails into them. 

As Riya watched the scene with rounded eyes, the three boys fucked her mom. Bella strapped on a dildo and jammed it into Lolly's butt-hole. Misa stuck her face into Lolly's crotch and started sucking and licking her pussy. Rob was the first to release his load. With a grunt he gave a final thrust and let his penis empty into Rima's hole. Just after him Asit stiffened as Rima gave an extra long suck. Rima held him slightly out of her mouth and allowed him to spurt his semen into it. 

Rima herself hit an orgasm simultaneously as Andy gave up his semen load. She lifted her pussy off Andy's penis even as he squirted the last of his juices onto it. Rima looked smilingly at Riya, who by now had almost gone mad with lust. The three girls also collapsed in a heap, but sorted themselves and got up. Rima, who was still licking Asit's semen from her lips asked them to release Riya from the pole. She then turned round and licked the cum from Andy's penis. As Andy got up, Rima reminded him that the next part was the rope bondage.