 I stood back and looked at it, our freshly painted eighteenth century brick hotel. The late evening June sun lit up our freshly painted black wrought iron upstairs porch that looked over the quiet street. Tall trees stood between the railroad tracks and the gently flowing blue river. The road stopped just to the right and the street was quiet and still. An owl hooted her first call and I looked up and watched as Susie stepped out on the balcony. Her long dark hair curled over her bare shoulders. My wife was always beautiful. Every day I blessed the powers that be that this woman lived with me. She is lofty and graceful. Everything about her is graceful, her hands, her voice. But tonight, she was something else standing on the balcony of our Riverview Hotel. I am taller than she is with curly hair with a little grey and a full beard. My wife likes my beard, she says she likes the soft feel of my hair against her cheek, down her breasts and along her legs.

My graceful wife Susie was dressed like, well, like a nineteen century woman of allure. Where her black curls ended against her white shoulders, a black corset pushed up her well-endowed breasts, just barely covering her dark brown nipples. Her black lacey petticoat showed a glimpse of white thigh above the black stockings. She sat down on the wrought iron balcony chair and smiled down at me. With half closed eyes, she spread her legs, showing white thighs. It was very hot and I immediately felt a twinge in my pants. Smiling, I gestured to her and she smiled back down at me and slowly spread her legs wider showing lacy black panties.

I gestured again with my one hand and adjusted my pants over my growing cock with the other and watched as she glanced up and down the street. It was quiet, and she smiled, stood up and lifted her skirt, slowly slipping her panties down over the stockings. She kicked them off her black high heels and then, boldly, she turned around, bent over showing me her white bottom and the patch of curly black hair between. In one quick move she picked them up, faced me and tossed the panties down to me. Leaning on the upstairs railing, she showed me a little more of her delicious cleavage. As I was enjoying the view, the door opened and John stepped out.

"Hey buddy." He said to me.

"Hey yourself." Susie added. 

John turned his head towards my wife and was lost for words for a few minutes. With his eyebrows raised he took in her beauty. He stepped next to her and ran his hand down over her bottom and then up the inside of her dress. A smile moved across his face as he discovered her panty less bottom. 

"Hey buddy." I intoned, lifting up the panties she had tossed me.

He turned to Susie and pulled her close leaning down and kissing her slowly. His hands holding her tight and then moving down over her breasts, popping them out of her dress and turning her around showing them to me.

The twinge in my pants had hardened and I was beginning to feel a little exposed myself so I adjusted myself just as Ellie stepped out onto the porch to join the couple.

She took in Susie's lack of dress, the panties in my hand and the hard on in my pants.

"I'm afraid I'm missing the party." She sweetly drawled. Ellie is John's petite round wife. She is like a succulent peach waiting to be tasted, with reddish auburn hair that softly curls just around her ears. She has curves everywhere, soft curves that beg to be touched. Her light skin showed off a lacey off white corset and off- white stockings. It was offset by a brilliant green necklace which caught the last rays of the sun before it dipped over the mountain on the other side of the river. I smiled up at John standing between two beautiful, scantily dressed women, both ready for a night of love. I was trying to think of something clever to say as Ellie slipped her arm around John and my wife smiled teasingly at me and put her arm around John. John looked like he was contemplating the next move when we all heard the sound of a car.

It pulled up right by me and out jumped Nellie, dressed like a woman of the old west, all buckskin boots, jacket, shorter skirt than would have worked on a horse. I was looking at the back of her legs wondering what was under the skirt and she was gazing up at the three on the porch, laughing. The women smiled widely and waved back at her. 

John said, loud enough for us to hear. "Nellie, you are way over dressed."

"I hear you John, but I am packing pistols and I know how to use them. I think you are the one overdressed up there. Ladies if that man doesn't lose his pants, there's gonna be some shootin out here." I knew Nellie liked John. Susie had told me that the women enjoyed John's ass. I know they enjoyed his large cock too. John was not that tall, average height with soft brown hair. I watched as his wife and mine relieved John of his pants. He was looking right at Nellie with a kind of concentrated look as Ned walked around the car. He looked up and saw the ladies on the balcony and whistled. His arm went around Nellie. He was as tall as she was small. He was broad and muscled and she was boyishly slim. 

Nellie unholstered her gun and held it up for the porch trio to see. "Lift up that skirt, Susie. "

Susie obliged. She sat down and slowly spread her legs, showing us her dark black bush.

And so I said playfully, "Nellie, the balcony show is better than yours."

John grinned and opened up the last buttons on his shirt. His hard cock bobbed out. Then he took my wife and turned her around undoing the petticoat and letting it drop to the floor.

The upstairs porch suddenly caught the setting sun, through the trees bathing the semi naked trio in variegated shadows and golden light. Susie was dressed in her corset, black stockings and nothing else. Her breasts spilled out, the nipples so erect Ned could see them from the sidewalk. John turned to Ellie and unclipped the petticoat. Ned, having locked up his car joined us looking up at the balcony. He whistled and adjusted his pants. Susie noticed the gesture and smiled down at him. He smiled up at her. 

Nellie yelled up. "Whose gonna take care of John?"

Ellie smiled and dropped to her knees and gave us a show of slowly licking John's cock. 

Susie, looking down at us, yelled, "Whose gonna take care of me?" She smiled at us as she slipped her fingers between her legs. Nellie waved to Susie, stepped back to their car, reached in and lifted up a package which she tossed to Susie. 

"There you go darling. Just what you need."

So while we watched Ellie suck John's dick, Susie opened the package, pulled out a large dildo and began to move it deep and deeper into her pussy and then slowly back out. 

We heard her sigh, and John moan. 

Suddenly we heard a screen door bank and our next door neighbor, Sam, came out carrying a trash bag. In one glance he took in the scene, the women and John on the porch, the three of us on the sidewalk and he smiled. Sam's about 45 with the sun-bleached hair and skin of a construction worker. He is easygoing, a man of few words. He watched the balcony for a while and winking at me, he walked toward the house, yelling, "Carol! Come on out here." 

He joined us again, watching the scenario on the porch. Susie's eyes were half closed and the dildo was moving in and out of her pussy. We could almost smell the sweet womanly scent. After a few minutes, Sam yelled for Carol again. Exasperated, a dripping wet Carol came on her front porch, wrapped in a towel. "What are you yelling......ohhhhh, Hi Ed.... OHHHH! " 

She turned to me and smiled. "Fun time at Ye old motel ehh?" 

Sam grabbed for the towel, playfully, but she ducked back. The street lights went on and the show was beginning to be enveloped in darkness.

"Coming in?" I asked Carol.

"I'm not sure I'm dressed." She said. "My hair's wet." She added.

"Top or bottom?" Sam asked. 

She punched him in the arm and he grabbed for her towel. With a shriek she ran into the house.

Our house.

Our hotel. Secluded. Private. Sexy. 

It was going to be a good night.

Susie came down the stairs as Ned, Nellie and I stepped into the living room. Standing on tiptoe, black stockings and little else, she turned up the wicks on the original gaslights. The light flickered softly over her semi naked body. She was luminescent in her white skin and dark hair. She smelled softly of lavender and sweet woman scent.

"Ok." She said softly. "Everybody remember the rules?"

"Yep." Said Nellie. "No means no. Everything that happens at RiverView stays at RiverView. No pics without permission. Share with permission only."

At the words 'share with permission', Sam and Carol smiled at each other shyly. Before we got our RiverView hotel Nellie and Ned, John and Ellie, and my wife and I had been into the swinging scene. We were careful to keep it a secret. 

But one night we were playing with Ned and Nellie, Carol stopped by and rang the bell. It was the middle of an afternoon and we were all fully engaged in our play the living room: my wife dressed in stockings and garter and nothing else in front of Ned, who was fully dressed, except for his cock which was sticking out of his zipper, she was sucking that hard cock while Nellie kneeled on all fours and I fucked her from behind with a good view of my wife's tongue on Ned's manhood.

When the doorbell rang, we scrambled to get clothes on to answer the door. I opened it and Carol looked around, smiled and asked if we had lost power recently. I'm sure the smell of sex was palatable. 

I said. "Power's fine here. In fact it's great." She smiled and left. Carol is a tall woman, long legs and soft curves. She has a saucy, flirty way about her. I watched her ass sway as she walked away. Did she shake it a little? A week later she had coffee with my wife. It took her a while to get up the nerve to ask, but after four cups of coffee she finally did.

"It looked like you four were having fun the other night." She said. 

My wife asked her if she knew what was happening and Carol laughed and said, "I kind of guessed."

She continued quickly sharing that this was a private fantasy of hers and Sam's, and that they had often used stories of swinging as part of their lovemaking. My wife told her about the openness, the lack of jealousy, how each couple was in love but wanted to play. That what it was, was consensual adult play. 

Nothing was said for a couple of months, and we were careful to play elsewhere and to tell the truth, the reconstruction on our Old Hotel was making quite a mess. Then one evening Carol came over and asked to be alone with my wife. I watched the TV while they talked over a glass of wine. I heard Carol talking on the phone and then talking to my wife and then again on the phone. After about forty minutes they walked into the living room and my wife sat next to me on the sofa while Carol stood a little nervously to the side. I heard her say that Sam is coming over for a game of truth or dare. I raised my eyebrows and looked at Carol. She blushed. I looked at my wife who smiled and nodded. I heard the doorbell ring.

I was thinking that this is a good way to introduce them to couples play, though my wife would have preferred strip poker. That really gets her hot, especially with five or six couples where the possibilities are nearly endless. We didn't do too much that first night. We watched and they watched. The women danced for both of us. Sam and I both fucked our wives in front of each other. The next time together was even hotter with the women switching between us, Carol giving me a blow job and my wife licking Sam's cock. Carol was slow and teasing on my cock and it got me thinking that she's going to be good for our group. Ellie thought the same about Sam though she wouldn't give details, just smiled that incredibly sexy shy smile. 

After that Sam and Carol played with John and Ellie along with Susie and me, but had not yet met our gun-toting friend Nellie and her easygoing husband Ned. Ned was a cop, which made it kind of funny in that Nellie was toting. She was a kindergarten teacher, which is why she is good at giving directions.

We had long been friends and partners with John and Ellie, whom we met at a couples event. Ned and Nellie were their longtime friends and the three of us became swinging couples. We had fallen in love with this old hotel, bought it for a steal and spent a year and way too much money renovating and updating it. We did our best with this beautiful period piece, keeping the feel of the old riverfront hotel. Tonight was the first night we had invited anyone over. We were proud of it and since we moved in had entertained each other with fantasies of our 'wild house of fun repute'. Tonight these fantasies would come to life.

Tonight we would move into the dance of ages, the dance of ecstasy. A house of fun repute. A hot house of.....well....

The front room door was closed and suddenly it felt hot and close, despite our updated air-conditioning. An old horsehair sofa with wooded carvings sat under the soft gaslight. Nelly pulled out her pistols.

"OK. I'm running this here show. From now on you all take orders from me."

"First order is Susie as the first naked, you are the first served. John, arrange her on that sofa."

John dressed in his shirt, guided Susie to the green velvet sofa. He laid her back with one leg on the floor and the other bent leg up. Her pale body reflected in the soft gas lighting, her long sweetly curved legs open, showing her beautiful dark bush that glistened with her juices. John took the dildo and slowly teased her pussy with it, covering it with her juices and rubbing it on her clit, moving it in her and out, rubbing her velvety soaked vulva with it again and again. She began to move down on the dildo when it entered her and to moan softly as it was taken out. She moved towards him as though begging to be entered.

Nellie looked over at Sam and said, "Sam, she needs a cock in her mouth".

Carol smiled at Nellie and slowly stripped her husband. Susie's eyes were large and dark as she watched Sam lose his shirt, and his pants. Soon he was naked. His cock was thick and precum sparkled on the tip. Carol caressed his cock, lovingly and brought him next to Susie's head. He put one knee on the sofa and a hand on the sofa back. His cock danced toward Susie's mouth. Susie softly cupped his balls with her hands. She stroked them softly and he leaned into her.

Her tongue moved across the top of his cock licking and flicking the tip with her tongue. He half sighed, half groaned as she pulled away and then licked the shaft, up and down. Carol moved from her husband to me and I calmly pulled away the towel. Carol's breasts were small and pert. Her dark brown nipples were erect and hard and I touched her breasts softly and leaned my head down, kissing her breasts softly and then softly biting the nipples. I felt her sharp intake of breathe and it twinged my cock. I felt her hand touch me. My pants were unzipped and removed. Her soft hand stroked me as I continued to play with her breasts. I slid my hand down her stomach to the curve above her bush and then slipped me fingers inside. I stepped behind her, my cock on her bottom and one hand on her breast and the other slipping into her sweet warm pussy.

Ned moved up to Ellie and cupped her breasts and kissed her neck.

Carol leaned back against me and sighed. Meanwhile John tiptoed behind the cowgirl and slowly unzipped her skirt. "I've always wanted to see a cowgirl in her bra, boots and gun."

Slowly he slipped her leather skirt down. She wore very un-cow-girl like black panties and they slipped down as well. Her light brown skin felt smooth and the small patch of dark black hair was wet. She allowed him to remove her blouse and she was there in all her glory, cowgirl hat, gun, black bra and boots.

His cock bounced up. She looked at him and grinned. And dropping to his knees, he knelt at her feet kissing her pussy. His fingers found the sweet opening and slid in. He lifted the pistol from her hand and moved her to the hard chair. Taking off his shirt, he placed it on the chair and her on top and then licked the soft folds of her pussy, slipping his tongue deep into her slit and then flicking the tip of her clit, returning back and forth.

Not sure how we could have timed it, but suddenly Susie started coming hard, Nellie started and then Ned. 

Only John, Carol and I had not come.

I moved to Carol and pulled her into the dining room. There on the lace tablecloth I placed her. I dribbled chocolate and champagne on her. I pulled the captain's chair out and placed John in it and without a word, Ned and I moved to Carol. I began kissing her lips, her face and her neck. Ned began caressing and licking her breasts. He soon moved to her pussy and I to her breasts. They are very sensitive and before long with Ned licking her pussy and impaling her on his fingers and me sucking and biting her she was writhing and moaning. I knew she was close to coming and I pulled away. I took the dildo Nellie had brought and slipped it into her sopping pussy and then I smiled at John. I took it out and motioned to him. John moved it deeply in and out of her pussy harder and faster than I had and then took her pussy juices and slid them over her rosebud. He slipped the hard cock instrument deep into her pussy and then Ned and I turned her over. I put my cock gently and steadily deeper and deeper into her ass. I moved behind her, one hand on her ass and the other on the dildo in her pussy. As I plunged into her sopping pussy, I pushed her forward onto the dildo while John plunged his cock deep into her throat, moving her back on mine. Slowly and luxuriously we moved in and out. She shuddered through her first orgasm and I held on quietly and then we both began to move. Both of us were hard and as she shuddered into her second orgasm, John spurted into her mouth and I kept fucking her ass as the dildo was moving in and out her pussy as she shuddered again and again. I moved into her tight asshole. Again and again, I felt my balls tighten as I drove my cock deeper and deeper into her ass, my balls slapping against the bottom of her pussy. I knew if I started to thrust hard I would come in a minute. I wanted it to last. I felt my balls swelling and my cock reaching as far into her as it could. Without moving I felt a wave of deep pleasure start in my balls, travel up to the tip of my cock. Time stopped as I seemed to come for hours. I didn't want to pull out as waves of orgasm kept coming and coming. As I came out of my ecstasy, I felt her shaking her ass and hips. I heard her moan and knew as she came I'd have another spasm of pleasure. 

We quieted after a time and gently Ned and I helped her up and turned to watch as Ned and John brought my wife to the green sofa.

John licked her juices as Ned caressed and nibbled with her tits. Both began at the same time to bite, Ned her neck and breasts and John the sides of her mound, he slipped Nellie's dildo into her pussy as he blew on her clit, sucked it into her mouth and she came hard, hard and loud. John, hearing and feeling her orgasm in his mouth, began to moan. Nellie moved to his cock and swallowed it.

As Nellie bent over John, I was staring at her pussy and ass. I slipped up behind her and ran my hands over her ass. She moved back against me and I slipped my fingers into her pussy, it was velvety and soft and welcoming. My cock was hard again and I moved into her again and again and as John let go of his orgasm she screamed hers again. She strained against me, taking me all the way in. Her pussy clenching around me, pulsing and holding my cock. I felt her tighten and loosen and tighten and loosen. It was too much for me and I exploded in her. My fingers slipped around her pussy lips then and she bucked against me as well.
