 My husband and I never get quality time together. We have two children so our sex life is nothing but "quickies". 

My mother agreed to keep the children one weekend so we decided to go out of town. Our fantasies come up in conversation occasionally but none of them have ever been acted out.

Maybe it was the fact we would be alone, but I was already becoming horny. I decided to make one of my husband's dreams come true.

We were heading down the highway having casual conversation when I placed my hand in his crotch and gently started massaging. He gave me a questioning look and I told him to relax and watch the road.

I unzipped his pants and started rubbing his cock harder. By the time I released it from his clothes his member had sprung to life. I started licking the tip of his erection making circles and then I plunged my mouth down the entire length of his cock. This caught him off guard and he swerved. He quickly regained control of the car and decided we should find a roadside park to finish what I had started.

The park was surrounded by woods so we grabbed a blanket from the trunk and took a little stroll to a secluded area.

I had just put the blanket down and turned around to find my husband had already shed his clothes and he still had a major erection. I dropped to my knees and picked up from where I left off. While I am giving my husband a blowjob he will never forget, he starts undressing me. We lay on the blanket in a 69 position and took our excitement to another level.

While I am deep throating my husbands' thick 8 inch cock, he starts by gently kissing my clit. He then plunged his tongue into my already juicy hole. My husband's tongue can do wonders on a clit. While his tongue was working over time on my clit he shoves a finger into my twat and starts finger fucking me. Being eaten out and finger fucked at the same time drives me crazy. For James that wasn't all he had in mind. Since I was already so wet, James takes his other hand covered in my juice and starts working on my asshole. So I have a tongue on my cunt, 2 fingers in my twat and a finger in my ass and I could no longer control myself. I started bucking and fucking into one of the best orgasms I have ever had.

As soon as I could catch my breath, I went back to work on getting James off. He was on the verge of losing his load and after deep throating a couple of times he unloaded on my tonsils. 

James then lays me on my stomach and spreads my legs and ass cheeks and starts licking my other hole. This is something new for us and I was on my way to my second orgasm for the day. 

All of the sudden, I heard something and made James stop. I sat up and saw a woman behind a tree. She must have been there awhile because the front of her shorts was wet. This brunette bombshell said she was sorry for interrupting but she was walking into town when she heard me screaming. She was curious and said she had to watch. 

I was not that happy considering she had stopped my ass licking and told her if she wanted a ride to town from us she would get undressed and sit at the edge of our blanket. I was going to make her masturbate then decided to put her to work on me. 

Another of James' fantasies is to watch another female eat me out. I figured she owed this to us for the interruption. I told her since she stopped my second orgasm of the day she would pick up where James stopped and he would watch. 

Just seeing this woman naked made me wet all over again. She had the best tits I had ever seen and her pussy was shaved. 

I told her to lie on her back and I straddled her face. She gently massaged my pussy and I started moving my hips to her beat. She licked one lip and then the other and went to town on my clit next. I could barely control myself. It felt so good I started grinding my sloppy wet pussy into her face. She then inserted her fingers into my twat and gave me another good finger fuck. Within a few minutes of that I was cumming all over her face. 

James had been stroking his cock back to life and I decided since we had this hottie naked she could also give my husband a good dick suck. She crawled on her hands and knees to him and started sucking. James started groaning in pleasure and went to giving her mouth a workout she will never forget.

I had to admit I was curious about eating another woman so while James was still fucking her mouth I crawled between her legs and decided to give it a shot. 

I started playing with her clit and then slowly started fucking her hole with my tongue. She was groaning with her mouth still full. I moved to her clit and started lapping at it while I slid 2 fingers into her cunt. She started whimpering and all the sudden started bucking furiously. 

Watching me eat another woman was more than my husband could handle and he shot his load down her throat. He held her there until she had cleaned every last drop of cum off him.

It was starting to get late so we decided it was time to head to town. We all had a major look of satisfaction on our faces. My first time with another woman will be on my mind from now on.