 Note: I'm glad you're willing to give this a try. This is the first erotic story I've ever written, so any thoughts on it would be highly appreciated, as I would like to improve my writing skills to the best. English isn't my native language, and although I try my best, it's possible there are a couple of errors. If the comments about the story are positive, I'll probably write a second part. Anyhow, enjoy!

*****

"But Laaaaance!" I hear Alexa's sweet voice filling the room, again, at the same time of feeling her hand softly wrap around my arm. Or at least, she tries to do so. Her small hand doesn't exactly fit around my arm, as I've been working out for the past couple of months, and the results have been quite remarkable if I say so myself. "I don't know... It's pretty far." I answer, along with a soft sigh. My hand reaches down to give a soft push against her hand, as in demanding her to take it away. 

She's really close to me right now; closer than ever before. I have started to see her as a sister over the years, but our parents only got together when I was 16, which is about 7 years ago by now. So we're not that bounded as regular siblings. I've seen Alexa grow from an annoying 13-year-old to the gorgeous woman she is today, and we've had a few 'sibling' moments, but we have never been this close, or even made skin contact with each other. It usually sticks with giving each other advice and/or mocking each other...

"That's the point!" Alexa responds while pulling her hand away, using it to move away some of the blonde hair which seems to fall in front of her face now and again. "It will be fun, I promise. Besides, it's not like you have any plans." She says sternly but then gives me a smile. "Come on, please?" She begs again. She's right. Since I broke up with Amy, I have basically been doing nothing useful. I played a lot of video games, and been helping around my father's house, but other than that. A road trip with my step-sister and her friends might actually be more fun, so I give in. She doesn't even wait for my answer, apparently, the way my mouth opened was enough for her to know. "You're the best!" She says as she jumps up, walking out of the living room. It's not the first time I notice the sensual sway of her hips while she walks, but it surprises me every time. I saw her a few times at the gym, so I know she's been visiting, but I don't have any clue how long and how often. But she sure has been getting in shape.

So that's settled, I guess. I'd be driving some sort of RV. None of Alexa's friends have a driver's license yet, so that's why it is really important I come along. It would be a shame if they had to miss the 'party of their life' - quoting her words - because of such a stupid reason. Our parents will leave for a few weeks to go on holidays every year, while we usually stay alone at the house. "We have to get some privacy time, honey," are usually the words of my stepmother. Not that I ever complained about having the house to myself. We used to invite a few friends over to hang out, but last year we had a decent party. The house was pretty much filled with people and booze, and a smile appears on my face as I think about it. But this year, Alexa wanted to leave the house to attend another party. A huge one, she says, and I had to be their driver. 

I'm still thinking about what I signed up for as I hear another female voice filling the room, although it was more of a call this time. "Dinner!" I quickly stand up, snapping out of the memories and future plans. 

After dinner, I decide to go straight to my room. Maybe even watch some porn. Ironically, I've been into the stepsister stuff lately, and I'm still not sure if it has anything to do with Alexa. It might have, along with the fact the girls are usually really hot. But anyhow, before I could even reach my room, I feel myself getting pushed against the wall. For the second time this day, Alexa got really close to my body, but this time I don't push her away. I'm too confused to do so, actually. "So, you're in?" She says. I could swear the way she says it is meant to seduce me, and it worked. I give her a slight nod, but it's enough to make her smile, even more than when she just assumed. "Thanks." She says as she kisses my cheek and steps back. "So, while you girls have fun in the RV, I'll just be the driver?" I ask with a soft smirk, looking at her face. She gives me a playful roll of her eyes and doesn't even answer my question. A few seconds later, I'm alone in the corridor again, and I could hear the water of the shower starting to run. 

...

A few weeks have passed, and we're in the middle of summer. Our parents said goodbye two days ago, and they should be relaxing in Hawaii by now. Not too excited, but not willing to break my promise either, I'm packing some bags. Just sloppily filling them with clothes, not too bothered by saving space and such, as the RV would be huge, according to Alexa again. Jake - some kid out of a wealthy family, and the boyfriend of Alexa's friend - managed to convince his parents it would be a good thing to get on a road trip with his friends. And me, of course, as the guy himself isn't allowed to drive the damn thing. 

"Don't forget your swimming trunks!" Alexa calls out from her room, and I reach back into my closet to pull out two pairs, sliding them right next to some boxers and a shirt. Should be enough, I think to myself while getting up. After taking my own bags downstairs, I get back into Alexa's room with the idea to help her carrying hers. As I enter, my first reaction is to smile, along with some movements beneath my pants. My step-sister is posing to herself in the mirror, her awesome body only covered by a set of black lingerie. Just a simple but hot bra and a pair of panties, although her sensual movements would be the main thing driving every guy, including myself, crazy. Her ass is close to perfect, and I just got a new opinion on the tanned skin of her. Her hands are moving along her own body, to end up groping her breasts. "Expecting another guy to come along, sis?" I just can't help myself to smirk after giving the comment...

The eyes of Alexa are shocked as she spins around in one smooth movement, and I'm able to properly see her front. Her awesomely formed breasts are only slightly covered by the bra, and the panties are only covering what's necessary too. "N-No! I was just trying... It's a new piece, alright?" She stumbles as she walks up to me, pushing me out of her room. I couldn't help but let my eyes glance down over her body, noticing her nipples are slightly visible through the fabric. Another twitch in my pants before the door closes with a smack in front of my face. Alexa seems to change her mind as two bags slide out, and then the door closes another time. 

...

"Fucking pervert." I hear along with a soft punch against the back of my arm. The words are followed by a giggle. "Shut up. Jake and I got your bags in while you were living in your fantasy world, again." I tease, turning around to look at my step-sis. I'm not sure if she's wearing the same underwear below the cherry red tank top and the jeans shorts, but this outfit wasn't too bad to look at either. I shortly shake my head, as I have to stop thinking of Alexa in that way. She's my damn step-sister! It has been 15 minutes since I heard the doorbell ring, and I met the other people I would spend the next week with. Well, at least two of them, as one of them stayed in the vehicle. I could see an older man - Jake's father would be my best guess - hop into another car and drive off, leaving the RV in my hands. What an honor, I thought to myself, and slightly smirked. During the introductions, which were rather short, I eyed the two people in front of me. Jake looked young, although he had to shave already, as I could tell by a small cut on the side of his chin. The girl next to him was someone I've already met, but I couldn't recall her name. "Rose." She said with a soft sigh, clearly in disbelief, and she must have noticed I was trying to think of her name. She slid next to me to get inside the house, and I could feel her petite body, dressed in a cute summer dress, sliding along my crotch. 

My eyes glanced over to Jake, as based on the position they were in earlier, Rose is his girlfriend, or they are at least very comfortable with each other. Fortunately, he didn't notice how close Rose came to me, or he didn't care. I quickly stepped back to allow him inside too, and we moved our bags together to the RV, which is in fact really impressive. There are 3 small bedrooms, and it seems like I am sleeping alone. Jake and Rose will sleep together, as well as Alexa and Giselle. 

...

It takes a few instructions from Jake before I manage to get on my way properly, but I eventually get there. "So why aren't you driving this thing yourself? You seem to know your way around it." I say with a raised eyebrow as I glance back at Jake. My eyes move around the area, noticing the interested looks of retired people sitting outside. "Parents. I can take over as soon as we leave town if you want." He says. I can't believe my ears, although I decide to keep my eyes on the road and not start anything. "Soo, I'm just here as a distraction?" I say, and my tone must be slightly whining as I hear Alexa sigh. "Yes, Lance. We're going to kick you out as soon as we leave town." She mocks, and I hear two girls giggling. Among Rose and Alexa, there is Giselle. If, and only if, I decide to flirt or make a move on anyone, it would be her. She's a gorgeous ebony, with an awesome busty body, and above all that; single and NOT my step-sister. Out of the three, she would be the most perfect, but I'm not too sure about working out that 'plan'. 

"She's kidding, Lance, we appreciate this!" I hear a voice say, and I suspect it to be Giselle's. My hands stay on the steering wheel, and we leave town before I know. I am actually quite enjoying driving this monster of a vehicle, but there is no chance I would ever say that out loud. The living room section looked even cozier, so I wouldn't risk having to drive this thing longer than I had to. "Mhm." I just say back, as I continue to drive. "And you'll love the party once we arrive!" The dark-skinned friend of my step-sister adds, apparently still trying to lighten my mood.

... 

It's until the evening of the second day before something interesting happens. Until then, Jake and I took turns on driving the vehicle while the girls talk to each other, listening to the music which is playing in the RV, and enjoying drinks. The sun is starting to go down as I hear someone approach. A man's hand pats my shoulder, and when I look back, the first thing I see is the shirtless chest of Jake. My eyes quickly move up to his face, as my eyebrow raises as well, before looking back at the road. "We're playing truth or dare, but I thought it would be good to let you get some rest. You've been driving for like, 4 hours." The only other guy explains and I nod, finding a place to park so we could swap around. "I'm only driving until the next town. We should find a place to stay there." He announces to everyone as he takes off, and I make my way to the back of the vehicle. 

I wasn't sure what to expect, as the game got Jake topless, but fortunately - or not - the girls didn't get too deep into the game yet. They are just giggling, and I just take a seat on the couch. Pretending like I would rather be left alone. Not that any of them would, as it only takes a minute before I hear my name. "Truth or dare, Lance?" I hear and look back at the petite redhead who called me out. I'm pretty sure her friends have convinced Rose to choose me because I don't think she likes me that much. My shoulders shrug as I look a bit confused at first, but then quickly answer. "Truth, I guess." "Guess? So I can give you a dare too?" Rose teases with a giggle, and I just shake my head. I can't tell myself I'm not excited about playing truth or dare with the three gorgeous girls, especially after I saw where Jake got in only a few rounds, but I'm certain to pretend I'm not. 

"Is it true that Amy has toys hidden around her house. Like everywhere?" Rose asks, and she seems really curious. Both me and her glance at Alexa, who just gives me an innocent smile. My step-sister might have found a dildo, and multiple other sex toys, in the house of my - now ex - girlfriend. "Well. She does have a lot of those, but they are mainly under the bed." I say and softly grin. Then I realize that Rose must know Amy somehow, but I decide not to ask about it. Me and Amy have been over for months by now, and I stopped thinking about her. "Your turn!" She says, her voice almost screaming. Calm down, damn. "Ehh. Giselle, truth or dare?"

"Dare me." The ebony goddess says as she raises her chin a bit, a playful yet challenging smile appearing on her face. Now, that was unexpected but I do feel challenged, so I'll make sure to follow her unspoken guidelines. My eyes glance at her body, the crop top she's wearing is accentuating her breasts in an incredibly sexy way, and the skirt looks really short in a sitting position. She occasionally gives a tug on the cloth, but it keeps raising up.. "Well.." I say, trying to buy myself some time. For a second something really inappropriate comes into my mind, but I let it slip immediately. "I dare you to kiss the cheek of whoever you like the best." The girls look at me for a second before they burst into laughter. "That's the best you come up with? You're not really making it hard for me." Giselle says before she glances at my crotch. She reaches in to kiss Alexa's cheek, before reaching further to do the same to her redhead friend. Alexa is sitting in the middle of her friends, so Giselle has to lean over her to reach Rose. I realize my stepsister's skin tone is in the middle of the two other girls as well, Giselle being a black girl while Rose is the exact opposite with an almost extremely pale skin. "I don't have a preference," Giselle explains as she smiles at her friends before looking back at me. Well, it would have been very cocky of me to expect her to choose me, so I didn't get my hopes up. 

Alexa seems to be next, and she eagerly picks dare. "I don't want to be lame, huh." My stepsister smirks as she looks at Giselle. She doesn't have to wait long before Giselle gives her a dare. "I dare you to let both Lance and Rose... have a taste of your sexual fluids." She says. Then she starts giggling as she sees our surprised, and almost shocked, faces. "You heard me." She confirms with a smirk, letting us know she's very serious. "Although you don't have to get undressed. Just get a sample on your fingers." She says, and I can't help but laugh a bit. Getting a sample on her finger...

There must be a punishment if you decline the dare. I'm not sure what, but the way Alexa sighs makes me think it's something she's not really willing to do. "Alright." She says with a sheepish laugh while her hands slowly move to her waistband. She opens the button of her jeans shorts, slipping her hand inside. I can't believe this! My hot stepsister is rubbing herself in front of me! Well, us. Her eyes are closed and she seems to take her time, but after about a minute her hand appears again. She smiles over at Rose as she offers two fingers by playfully tapping it against her lips, and the petite girl slightly parts her lips. They softly wrap around the juice-covered fingers, sucking on them before sliding off. Rose's tongue swirls around the fingers before looking up at Alexa. The girls smile at each other, and I'm pretty sure they will kiss if Giselle's voice doesn't break them up. "Next!" The ebony says enthusiastically. 

Alexa sighs as she sits back again, doing the same as before. Her hand slides down her shorts, wettening two fingers before she stands up and moves over to me. She basically pushes them into my mouth, and I quickly wrap my lips around her fingers. A bit overwhelmed, although I start to slide my tongue along the fingers. My stepsister does taste really good, I have to admit.. I'm only a few seconds in when she pulls her hand back. "That's enough," Alexa says sternly before leaning back, shaking her head. "I think we should call this to a stop for now. It's getting pretty late." She stands up and walks away into one of the bedrooms. The idea of doing this kind of stuff with me must really freak her out. Rose seems to agree with Alexa but moves up front to keep her boyfriend company for a while. 

As it's only me and her left, Giselle looks at me with a friendly, yet slightly lewd smile. She slowly spreads her thighs, giving me a full on-sight below her skirt. And then I realize she's not wearing any panties. "What the.." I start, but she gestures me to be quiet. Her pussy looks great, and totally different than Amy's. While the pussy lips of my ex-girlfriend were thin and almost saggy, these lips are thick and I could tell how tight she still is, by just looking. I'm staring right into the revealed cunt as Giselle suddenly stands up. She teasingly winks at me as she turns around to walk over towards the bedrooms. She flashes her ass for barely a second before disappearing. I'm left behind, dazzled and it takes a few minutes before I realize she entered my bedroom. My fucking bedroom! I think I never got up this fast before, and I'm welcomed with the same awesome sight as before. When I enter the bedroom, Giselle is laying in my bed with her legs spread widely. 

"Wanna have a taste of mine too?" She asks with what might be the sweetest voice I've ever heard, and I eagerly nod. That gorgeous ebony doesn't have to tell me twice, as I crawl onto the bed in front of her. I'm looking up one more time to check if she's actually serious while I let my fingers brush through the cute triangle of pubic hair before diving in.

Holy shit. It tastes as good as it looks. I've pressed my tongue carefully against the bottom part of her thick pussy lips, before starting to lick up. When I reach her clit, I pull back to place my tongue back at the bottom and repeat. Again, and again, and again. After a few strokes along her labia, I can hear Giselle starting to moan, which cheers me on to go faster. I've only done this a few times, but I try to repeat what Amy used to like the most. After a few more licks, my lips tenderly try to wrap around her clit. I start to suck slowly, deciding I should build things up, while I slide one finger into her pussy. I get an immediate reaction, but there aren't any moans. My eyes glance up, and I can see how she's covering her own mouth to muffle any pleasure sounds. I smirk before I continue the treatment, nibbling onto her clit while pumping my finger in and out of her pussy.

"Mhmm, fuck!" She whispers out before I hear another muffled moan. "Lance... I'm close." I can't believe I'm actually doing this. I'm eating out one of my stepsister's friends to an orgasm, on the second day of the road trip! Then a loud moan happens to escape her lips, and I quickly crawl up. While I keep thrusting my finger into her cunt, I use my other hand to cover her mouth. I really hope nobody heard that, as I don't want to stop right now. I can literally feel how close she is right now.

"Giselle?" I hear Rose's voice from behind the door, but I don't change positions. I uncover Giselle's mouth for a second, giving her a meaningful look. "Y-Yeah? I'm changing!" Giselle says, and I quickly put my hand back onto her mouth as I noticed her eyes rolling. Not wasting any more time, I add a second finger inside of her, and start thrusting them faster and harder. My knuckles occasionally buckle up against her pussy lips, and it doesn't take long before I make her reach an orgasm. Her head throws back, and my hand quickly follows her mouth to cover as much of the moans as possible, while I feel her cumming on my hand. Apparently, Giselle is a squirter, because I can feel my entire hand getting covered. Some drips even reach my arm, and when I look down I notice the sheets are dripping wet. 
