 They had been on the road for two hours and they were already starting to get antsy. The four of them, Sue, Karen, Paula and Jen, were headed across country in Sue’s Durango on their way to their first year in college. Instead of flying, they’d decided to drive cross country for the experience. After two hours, they were itching for trouble. 

Sue pulled into a gas station to fill up and get something to drink. As she walked inside, the two guys outside the station watched in appreciation as her ass wiggled from side to side. Karen, the hell raiser of the bunch, didn’t miss the looks they were giving Sue. Smiling at Paula and Jen, she walked over just behind the guys. As the two guys talked about how fine Sue’s ass was, Karen caught them by surprise saying, “Yep, nice tight ass. Bet that pussy is real juicy too.” 

Both guys turned quick, guilty at being caught but equally surprised to find a petite blonde behind them. Karen smiled at them, taking a step forward. Licking her lips, Karen eyed each one. 

“Oh yea, I bet she has a really fine pussy under there. But I bet you guys have something really fine under your jeans too, don’t ya?”

Karen ran her hand down each man’s chest, coming to rest over their groin. Both guys swallowed hard and followed as Karen stepped back behind the corner, away from prying eyes. Karen’s blue eyes sparkled as she licked her lips. Slowly kneeling down in front of both guys, she opened their jeans with one hand each. Slipping her hands inside their jeans, she pulled out their cocks. Neither guy said a word but just looked at one another and then back down at Karen. Without another word, Karen slowly took first one guy’s cock in her mouth and then the other guy’s cock. Alternately between them, she licked and sucked them slowly, their cocks quickly coming to life. 

Both guys were panting as Karen was sucking when Jen walked around the corner. Jen stopped, looked at Karen’s mouth going down on one of the biggest cocks she’d ever seen. Karen’s hand was jerking the other guy’s cock, her grip firm and tight.

“Karen, Sue wants to get back on the road. She sent me to find you.”

Karen took a cock out of her mouth long enough to say, “Well, then you better help me out here. I can’t just suck them hard and then leave them, now can I?”

Karen’s mouth went back down around the thick cock and she sucked him down to her throat. Jen, not wanting to disappoint, and feeling her own juices starting to flow, knelt down beside Karen and slipped her hand around the other guy’s cock. He looked down as Jen’s brunette head went down on his rock hard dick. He moaned as her mouth closed tight around him, pulling his cock deeper and deeper into her mouth. He looked over and watched Karen’s blonde head banging up and down on his buddy’s cock and moaned again. This was fucking unreal.

Karen reached down between her legs and slipped her hand inside her shorts, rubbing her wet pussy. She moaned on the thick cock in her mouth as her finger slid easily inside her wet pussy. Karen sucked faster, pumping the base of the cock with her hand as her mouth sucked the tip. Karen’s fingers worked her pussy faster and faster, her own orgasm close. She loved to suck cock. She loved the taste and the feel of a big thick cock in her mouth. She sucked harder and the guy moaned and then shot his load in her mouth. Karen kept sucking and moaned as her own orgasm broke.

Jen heard Karen and the other guy. She looked over and smiled. Karen was good. Jen tightened her lips around the cock in her mouth and sucked harder and faster. Karen leaned over and licked the guy’s balls as Jen sucked his cock. The guy moaned and thrust his cock upwards then lost it as his cock started to spurt cum everywhere. Jen licked him clean and then Karen sucked the tip of his cock into her mouth briefly. Rising, they stood, patted the guys on the cheek and then walked back around the corner laughing.

Jumping into the Durango, Sue was already sitting in the driver’s seat and Paula was in the backseat waiting. Jen slipped up front with Sue and Karen hopped into the back with Paula, both were laughing and wiping their mouths.

“What the hell have you two been up to?” Sue asked as she pulled out onto the road.

Karen giggled and Jen looked back at her, “Just helping ourselves to a couple of dicks, that’s all.”

Paula couldn’t believe it and told them to tell all. As Karen explained about what she’d seen, from the spotting of Sue’s ass to blowing both guys, they all got a little excited. 

“You told them my ass was cute? And even talked about my pussy?” Sue couldn’t quite believe it.

“Oh yea, they wanted a piece of your pussy really bad. Your pussy and your ass.”

Paula shifted and opened her legs a little. “Speaking of pussy, all this talk has mine crying out for attention.”

Karen looked over at her. “Then do something about it. You need to open up a little, have a little fun.”

Paula’s face turned red and then she looked away quickly. Karen laughed and before Paula could say anything else, Karen reached over and slipped her hand inside Paula’s shorts. Her fingers immediately were drenched.

“You weren’t kidding. You’re wetter than hell. God, it’s fantastic. Your pussy is so fucking wet.”

Paula had stopped moving and sat still, trying not to get excited by Karen’s hand up her shorts, touching her pussy, but feeling incredibly aroused all the same. Karen leaned over and ran her finger up and down Paula’s slit through her panties.

“What they hell are you doing back there, Karen? What’s going on?” Sue was straining to see what was happening in the back seat. Jen had turned around and was watching with renewed interest as Karen quickly undid Paula’s shorts and pushed them open. Lifting Paula up, Karen pulled Paula’s shorts and panties down and tossed them to the floor.

“Shh, I’m just going to taste a little of Paula, that’s all.”

Before anyone could say anything, Karen had leaned over and was licking Paula’s wet pussy with the tip of her tongue. Paula moaned and Jen took a quick breath. Karen licked slowly, never having tasted a pussy before. She liked it. Her tongue slipped easily up and down Paula’s lips, sliding just a little inside and then out again.

“Oh God, this is so good. I never knew pussy could taste this good.”

Karen went back to licking and Paula moaned, no longer caring that she was sitting in the backseat of the Durango, one of her best friend’s licking her pussy as her other two friends sat up front, watching and listening. Karen slipped her fingers up Paula’s thigh and slowly opened Paula’s pussy wider as her tongue pushed inside. Paula moaned and pushed her hips out.

“Oh yea! Oh fuck! Eat my fucking pussy! Lick my fucking cunt!”

Paula was totally losing control. She never said words like that and now, here she was, yelling out to have her pussy eaten. She moaned as she felt her pussy tighten and then her orgasm broke through. Karen kept sucking on her pussy and Paula shivered again. Sitting up, Karen smiled and licked her lips. Jen reached out and pulled Karen’s face to her. Licking Karen’s lips, Jen tasted Paula’s pussy and nearly exploded.

“Sue, pull over. Hurry! I’m fucking horny.”

Sue found a spot off to the side. She, too, was feeling wet between her thighs. None of them had ever talked about this before. None of them had ever been with a woman before and now here they were in the middle of nowhere suddenly wanting to get naked.  

Sue pulled off and stopped the Durango. No one spot for a few minutes and then Jen pulled her shirt off over her head. She has small tits and wasn’t wearing a bra. Sue stared down at Jen’s little nipples and nearly came unglued. Reaching out, she touched the tip of her finger to one and Jen moaned. The nipple became hard and erect immediately. 

“Lick it, Sue. Like my nipple.” 

Jen was urging her on. Slowly, Sue leaned over and flicked her tongue over the tip of Jen’s nipple. Jen moaned and Sue closed her mouth around the little nub and sucked. Karen and Paula had started stripping in the backseat and were getting hot and heavy with one another. As Karen leaned back, Paula took one of Karen’s big nipples in her mouth and sucked hard. Karen moaned. Meanwhile, Jen had slipped her hand up inside Sue’s shirt and was stroking her tits. 

“This is crazy. We need a room.”

Sue pulled back away from Jen, started the car and headed back out onto the road. As she tried desperately to find the closest motel, Jen leaned back and opened her shorts. Slipping them off, she ran her fingers down over her muff and started to stroke her wet pussy. She watched as Paula slowly lowered her mouth over Karen’s pussy and started to lick her first kitty. Jen moaned and Karen yelled out for Paula to lick her faster. Sue stepped on the gas. She saw a sign for a motel just up the road. She headed that way and didn’t realize she was over the speed limit until she heard the siren’s behind her.

“Fuck!”

Sue pulled over to the side and waited. She looked over at Jen and then back at Karen and Paula. She stepped quickly out of the Durango, slamming her door. Thank God for tinted windows. The cop coming towards her was probably in his thirties, early forties. He wore his uniform tight and his eyes were covered by sunglasses. He smiled and stopped away from her. 

“Officer.”

He looked at her and then the Durango. The Durango was shaking slightly from side to side and there were muffled moans.

“Miss, I need to see what’s going on in that vehicle. You were driving awfully fast and then you popped out awfully quick when you stopped. Is there something you’d like to tell me?”

Sue wasn’t sure what to do. She was horny as hell and just barely was keeping herself from either reaching down and slipping her hand down her panties or dropping to her knees in front of this cop and giving him one hell of a blow job.

“There’s nothing going on, Officer. I promise.”

“Miss, I need to open that door.”

Sue realized she wasn’t going to be able to stop him. The Durango started to shake harder and the moans got louder. Stepping forward, the cop opened the driver’s side door and leaned in. 

“Holy shit!”

His eyes scanned the interior, watching as Paula’s fingers and mouth were all over Karen’s pussy, licking and fucking her. Karen’s hands were kneading her naked breasts. Jen had sat up, removing all her clothes and was leaning over the seat. Her fingers were drilling Paula’s pussy, causing her to moan and suck on Karen’s pussy harder. Sue looked in and felt her body heat up again.

“Officer, I was trying to get to that motel up there when you stopped us. We’re terribly horny and this is the first time any of us have ever licked a pussy. My pussy is getting all wet and wild because I have to drive and no one can lick me while I’m driving. Officer, I just want to fuck something so bad.”

Sue was leaning against him, rubbing her body against his. He looked down at her and then back inside the car. 

“Miss, you drive up to that motel and I promise you you’ll get nice and fucked. I’m about to go off duty and then I’m going to go off inside your hot little pussy.”

He walked back to his car and waited until Sue had settled back into her car and drove on. She pulled into the motel, ran inside and got a room with two king size beds, then drove around to the back. She watched as the officer pulled in next to her. Getting out and slamming the door shut, he watched as Sue and the other three, still all naked, climbed the stairs to the room. All four girls were amazing.

He walked into the room, tossing his sunglasses on the table and started to strip. Karen was helping Sue get naked as Paula and Jen were falling on each other on one of the beds. 

“My name’s Derek, by the way.”

Naked, his hard cock jutting out away from his groin, he grabbed Sue and slipped his fingers roughly up inside her. She moaned and said her name was Sue. Karen slipped down to her knees in front of him and as she slipped her mouth around his cock, said her name was Karen. He moaned as her warm mouth enveloped him. Sue grabbed hold of his shoulders, her nails digging into his skin as his fingers thrust up harder and harder. She was so fucking wet and so fucking tight.

Paula and Jen were laying in a sixty-nine moaning and writhing on the bed. As Sue moaned out in an orgasm, Paula yelled out one of her own. Derek quickly pushed Sue over, bending her over the bed. Grabbing his hard dick in his hand, he pushed the tip of his cock inside her tight pussy. Sue moaned and Derek pushed harder, drilling his whole cock into her. Karen crawled up on the bed and opened her legs wide. Sue leaned over and got her first taste of pussy as she ate Karen’s. Karen moaned and pushed her hips up. Derek was grunting, fucking Sue harder and harder. Sue’s tongue was lapping at Karen’s pussy, pushing deep inside her. Sue moaned and felt her orgasm rip through her. 

A knock on the door stopped them briefly.

“Don’t worry. I had a feeling you four would be energetic. I called for back up.”

Jen ran off the bed and flung the door open. Standing in the doorway was the biggest, blackest cop she’d ever seen. He took one look inside and smiled. He stepped inside, close the door and said, “My buddies call me Shaft.” Then he grabbed Jen, pulled her over the bed where Paula was laying and quickly pulled his clothes off. As his boxers dropped to the floor, there was no wonder why they called him Shaft. His dick was long, thick and blacker than black. 

Paula reached out, grabbing him in her hand and tugged him onto the bed. Jen and Paula knelt on either side of his cock and both went to work licking and sucking him. He moaned as Paula’s red lips took the tip of his cock in her mouth and sucked hard and fast. 

Derek had switched and was now fucking Karen’s ass as Karen ate Sue’s pussy. Karen’s fingers were drilling Sue as Derek’s cock fucked her harder and harder. Karen moaned, pushing back against Derek’s tool and then Derek plunged deeper into her. All three of them came in a hard grunt. Derek pulled out and both Karen and Sue dropped to their knees to suck him clean. The three of them laid on the bed, resting and watching.

Wanting some of the young pussy for himself, Shaft laid Paula out on the bed. Pulling Jen, he laid her on top of Paula, their tits rubbing together. Opening both of their legs wide, Shaft slowly pushed his cock first into Paula. Stroking her slowly, he fucked her. Then, pulling out, he thrust his cock into Jen’s tight hole. Back and forth, in and out, Shaft fucked both Paula and Jen. 

Sue, not wanting to be left out, crawled off the bed and down between Shaft’s legs. As he pulled out of either pussy, Sue took his massive black cock in her mouth and sucked, then guided him into the next waiting pussy. Paula and Jen were moaning, kissing and licking each other as Shaft fucked them. With another thrust into Jen, Shaft moaned and pulled out. All four girls dropped to the floor in front of him and hungrily lapped up the warm cum he shot over them. 

Looking over at Derek, Shaft smiled and then laughed. Laying back on the spare bed, Shaft watched as the girls kissed and licked each other clean.

“You know, man, we made need another cock for these girls. They’re horny little bitches.”

Derek laughed and said, “Hell, we better call out the fucking reserves. By the way, you are all of age, right?”

All four girls laughed, nodded their heads and then divided up. Sue and Jen crawled up with Shaft and Paula and Karen laid down with Derek. The six of them slept for a while and then Derek called two more buddies and they had a wild time. So far, the girls were only a couple hours into their trip and they knew it was going to be one hell of an adventure. They couldn’t wait.