 My wife Sarah and I had experienced our first sex with our close friends Bob and Heather. The seduction had evolved gradually over a period of several years. We began to spend more and more of our leisure time with them as our children drifted off to their own lives. We golfed and vacationed together, dined and partied as a foursome and shared many intimate moments. Casual good night embraces with the other's mate evolved into full body contact and hot erotic tongue twisting kisses. We finally swapped partners as a result of a group decision.

The process of arriving at that final stage had included relating intimate stories from our past. It had started in the form of a dare with each of us required to reveal a sexual encounter with a partner other than our present mates. The stories had progressed from accounts of our "first times" to fully detailed intimate encounters, most of which had happened before marriage. With the exception of my wife Sarah, we had all related at least one story about an illicit affair following marriage.

One night when Sarah and I were making out in bed, I asked her if she had ever fucked another guy subsequent to our marriage and prior to our sessions with Bob and Heather. 

She hesitated but did not deny it, which of course convinced me that she did have a story. I said, "Baby, if there was someone, I am easy about it and it would excite me to hear about it. I have told you about my affair with Elizabeth, so it is not as if I can sit in judgment of you."

She took in her breath and whispered, "Paul Pearson." 

This did jolt me a bit. Paul Pearson had been the President of a Company that had employed me at a remote mining operation 20 years prior. Paul was a stock promoter as well as President of a Company that was developing a new gold mine. He was wealthy and flashy and very generous to those that served him well. We were all in awe of him and his yachts and summer homes and ski chalets and exotic life style.

During the period that I worked for him, we were living in a small one-industry town in the deep bush. There was very little to the community besides a corner store, a post office and a flea-bit hotel featuring a new stripper every week. It was an exciting time for all of us who were engaged in starting a new mining project, but our wives had little to do except raise the kids and have tea together. Long cold winters and fly infested summers did little to make life pleasant for them.

Paul showed up at the mine several times a year, usually bringing potential investors with him. On occasion he might bring an attractive woman, supposedly a secretary, but never his wife. When he did come, it was an excuse to have a party at the manager's house.

Sarah was now ready to tell her story.

"We women always looked forward to Paul arriving in town. We knew there would be a break in the dullness of living in the bush and Doris would always have some sort of a dinner or event planned."

Doris was the wife of Bert the Mine Manager, and as such was sort of the event organizer in the town. They lived in a very large "Company house" as was the normal custom in those days. As second in command I had a company home as well, although not nearly the size of my boss's lavish home. The size of house matched your standing in the company.

"Paul both frightened and excited me. Although he was smooth and courteous in the company of others, when he looked at me I shivered. His eyes burned into mine as if I was standing there naked. He took every opportunity to touch me. He did not hide the fact that he desired me, and I both anticipated and dreaded meeting him. He looked like a gangster from the movies, swarthy and always dressed impeccably in dark colored shirts and expensive slacks.

On one occasion Doris had a big party for him and a group of investors. You were busy talking up the project with some of them when Bert brought Paul over and suggested I show him our new home. Paul did not have the look of someone interested in our house but I sensed that he was interested in getting me alone.

It was dark as we crossed the street, his hand was around my waist as if guiding me. God, I can still feel his hand on me through my thin dress. As we mounted the stairs to the door, he slipped his hand down to my ass. I paused at the door for a minute and let him feel me. I stood frozen at the door, my eyes closed and my nipples hard. My pussy was clenched and aching. The vibes coming from him were so intense.

I introduced him to the baby sitter and proceeded to show him the house. When we entered our bedroom his hand returned to my ass and he whispered, 'Would love to see your beautiful face looking up at me from that pillow.' I almost fainted.

I took him downstairs to the rec room. Suddenly he was behind me, pressing me up against the pool table, his hand up under my arms and holding a massaging my tits. His cock was hard and he began sliding it up and down between my cheeks. He whispered, 'Take your panties off and give them to me.'

I said, 'God Paul, not here, the sitter is upstairs and we have to get back to the party.' But I stooped and pulled my panties off and turned and handed them to him. He was very serious and unsmiling as he put them in his pocket.

He said, 'don't worry Sarah, we won't fuck here now, but we will soon.' With that he slipped his hand up under my dress and squeezed my pussy. 'That's going to be my pussy,' he said before he turned and guided me up the stairs and back to the party. 

I hate to think what you would have done if you had known what had happened and that for the rest of the evening I was not wearing panties. I was aroused and felt like a slut. You may not recall but I almost raped you that night.

A few days after that, Doris called me over for tea. She got right to the point and asked me if Paul was making moves on me. I was surprised; as I did not think it had been that obvious. And then she really jolted me by telling me that Paul and she had been fucking for some time."

At this point, aroused as I was at the story she was relating; I interjected by saying, "Jesus, Doris fucking Paul? It can't be true, I always thought that Bert was not getting any; she always looked and acted frigid."

Sarah continued, "I know, I never really accepted her story at first, so I asked her if Bert knew about it. 

She said that yes and in fact he had asked her to let Paul fuck her any time that he wanted. Doris was of the opinion that Bert wanted to secure his position within the company along with the very high salary. At first it excited her because Bert had not been very attentive to her for years. Bert did not seem in the least concerned about she and Paul fucking each other.

On those occasions when Paul might arrive unaccompanied by others, he stayed overnight in their home. At bedtime, Bert would tell her that Paul wanted to see her and she would go in and get in bed with him. She said that he was insatiable and he sometimes fucked her several times before morning. She said that while he was very accomplished and could get her off repeatedly, that it was really too much for her and she could barely move the next day. He had an enormous cock and was relentless once he started and it was difficult to get him off.

I asked Doris why she was telling me all of this. She said that Paul had told her of his interest in me. He had enlisted her aid in getting me alone on one of his visits. She looked right into my eyes and said, 'Sarah, now is the time, tell me if you do not want this to happen and I can stop it for you.'

I did not answer her. I was terrified. I did not want to risk our marriage but at the same time the thought of this scary exciting wealthy man mounting me had every fiber of my body on edge. I was just another piece of tail for him, but I also knew that he really wanted me, and I wanted to let him have me.

We looked at each other for a minute. When I did not respond she shrugged with a smile and said, 'It's your call Sarah. But let me know if you change your mind before his next visit.'

A few days later I received a parcel in the mail. It contained three pairs of expensive sheer pink panties. A note in it from Paul indicated that they were to replace the pair he had taken from me. I shivered at the monogram embroidered on the front of the panties, "PP" in blue letters. I hid them away in my secret place and wondered what this all meant.

A day or so later, Paul called me from his office and asked if I had received the package. I told him that I had and wanted to know why he had sent them. He said, 'Put a pair on them right now, and we can talk about it.' I hesitated but did as he asked.

When I told him that I was wearing them he said, 'Feel your pussy through the panties.' I protested but did as he asked, rubbing my fingers on my mound through the panties. I was so damn horny already. His firm instructions to act affected me in a very erotic manner.

'Bet it feels good doesn't it Sarah. Feeling your pussy and knowing what it is doing to me must make you hot too. Do you know what the "PP" stands for Sarah?'

By this time, my fingers had moved the "PP" to one side and I was frantically rubbing my clit and slit. I panted, 'Oh Paul, it must be your initials.' My mind was full of the stories Doris had told me about how insatiable he was and the size of his cock. I began frantically punishing my pussy with my fingers.

'Yes baby, that too, but it also means Paul's Pussy. When you wear those panties, it is my pussy baby. I told you that in the rec room last visit. Think of me in them now, can you feel me? Tell me it's mine Sarah; tell me it is my pussy.'

I went off immediately; my legs crossed crushing my fingers in my slit. I must have moaned for minutes before gasping out, 'It's your pussy Paul. It is yours when you want it.'

'Tell me you want me to fuck you Sarah.'

I moaned, 'God yes I want you. I want you to fuck me Paul.'

Paul said, 'Damn, I have a bone on here. What you do to me. I will get you alone soon. I am going to fuck your sweet ass off."

I came to my senses after we said goodbye. What the hell was I up to? But for the following few weeks, my mind returned to the panties and the burn I had to feel this guy in me. You must remember how hot I was for that period of my life. I tried to get you every night, but you were working so hard you could barely keep it up. I even bought a vibrator for myself."

I intervened here and said, "It was a good thing that I did not know what was going on then. I would have done some serious damage to that sneaky bastard, President or no President. But look at me now, listening to a story about a guy wanting to bang my wife and I have a hard on."

We laughed and I ran my cock right up her pussy and we started to fuck. She met my every thrust, driving her hips at me and digging her nails into my ass.

We caught our breath and lay back for a few minutes. I said, "You can't stop now baby, I want to know how he finally nailed you. You should have told this story to Bob and Heather. There would have been a wild scramble to fuck you by all three of us, including Heather."

Sarah settled herself a bit, and then turned on her side to me, one tit rubbing my chest, her fingers trailing the outline of my body in that soft way that women have.

"A few weeks after the phone call, Paul was back in town with some investors. You and Bert were tied up showing them around. I was horny thinking about Paul being in town, knowing that he was going to find a way to get me alone. And I wanted it baby; my mind was full of him. Not that I really liked him that much, he was too false and flashy for me, but the thought of him fucking me overcame my common sense. That was all I wanted, just the experience; at least that was what I told myself.

About noon hour that day, Doris called and asked if I could come over. We quite often visited each other for tea and chat, but her voice sounded quite different. I hesitated and she finally said, 'Paul is here and he would like to see you.' I heard a voice in the background and Doris said, 'He says to put on the panties and come over.'

I had been expecting that Paul would call me, but the call from Doris surprised me and it took a moment to consider it all. I said, 'Okay, give me a few minutes.'

My heart was pounding as I stripped down and pulled on the panties. I pulled on a half-cup bra and a thin sundress. My heels completed the picture of a slut on the make. If I was going to do this, I thought I might as well look the part.

Doris opened the door with a wan smile. She was wearing a robe and she looked disheveled, her hair awry and her lips swollen and red. There was little doubt that she had recently served Paul some pussy. It just made me hornier for him.

She guided me into the living room and handed me a glass of champagne. We did not speak at all. I could not read her expression or determine what she was thinking. Was she jealous? Was she relieved? She told me later that she had felt like a madam at a whorehouse. Paul came out of the master bedroom wearing a white robe.

He said, 'You look lovely Sarah, even more beautiful than I remembered you.' He pulled me to my feet and slipped his arms around me, feeling my ass and kissing me. He forced his tongue between my lips and I melted into his arms in total surrender. He could have fucked me in front of Doris and I would not have noticed. But instead he guided me to the bedroom and told me to strip.

He sat on the edge of the bed and watched me undress. When I was in my panties he motioned for me to come and stand in front of him. He looked up at me with a smile and rubbed the tips of his fingers on the "PP" monogram. I bent over him and dropped my tits in front of his mouth and wallowed in lust as he sucked and nibbled my nipples and fingered my pussy.

I wanted to see his cock and boldly pulled his robe open. God baby, he was big. Doris had not exaggerated when she had called it "enormous". It was sticking straight up at me from his crotch as he worked his fingers up my slit.

He started talking as he sucked and fingered me. He was ranting, using crude words, nothing romantic, just coarse language. I was not shocked at all; it seemed appropriate for what we were about to do.

'I have wanted to fuck you since the first time I saw you. You were always waving that fucking ass of yours around at me. I could tell you wanted me in you, your eyes told me. You were always checking out my cock. I should have fucked you in your rec room that time. I have wondered since why I did not. Pointing those tits at me like an invitation. Feel my cock baby. Tune it up. Doris was hard on me this morning; she was really hot and took a lot out of me. This will be the first time that I have fucked two different broads in one day.'

I knelt down in front of him. He leaned back bracing himself with one arm and using the other to pull my head to his cock. The thought that it had fucked Doris a short while before made it seem even nastier. I had two hands around the shaft and the knob was still sticking out of my fists. I licked it like an ice cream cone. There was no way I would ever get all of it in my mouth, so I just sucked as much of the knob as I could handle and used my two hands to stroke the shaft.

'Ah God you are good. What a beautiful cocksucker you are. If I did not want to fuck your cunt I would let you get me off now,' Paul groaned. His words inflamed me; I felt like a slut and loved it. He pushed my head off of his cock and twisted me around and onto my back on the bed, my feet still on the floor as he moved between my legs, holding that monstrous cock in his hands. He ripped the panties off of me.

My pussy was aching to feel it, but I was tight and nervous. A change came over Paul as he began to rub his knob on my slit, parting the lips and folds, seeking my hole. His voice was now soft and gentle, as was his manner.

'Easy baby, let's take our time, relax baby, we will work it into you easily, don't worry, ah yes, good, hold it there, work your pussy, it's yours baby, what a beautiful pussy, nice and slippery, you are big enough Sarah, you can take it.'

He was on his extended arms as he began to work his cock into me. I opened my eyes finally. I was becoming more relaxed and looked down along my body. I watched him sliding about half of his cock in and out of me, feeling the delicious hurt. Each time he entered me he paused while I squeezed it, and then he pulled it back to my slit. I was close to coming.

'Take it all baby, go for it all.'

I locked my feet behind his butt and pulled myself at him and started to come. That must have released all of the tension in me because soon I felt him fucking me with all of his cock and his big balls were slapping away at my ass. I am not sure if I passed out but suddenly realized that I was fully on the bed and he was covering me, grunting wildly as his cock tore away at my pussy.

'I knew it, I knew it, and I knew that you would fuck like a mink. What a sweet cunt,' he rambled on as he pounded me. Soon I was arching my back to meet him, the need to come again filling my every thought. A tip that Doris gave me came to mind suddenly and I slipped my fingers between his cheeks and rimmed his butt hole. He exploded in me and I lost it again. The cum was oozing out around his cock as he churned away. 

Finally he pulled his cock from my pussy and rolled off of me saying; 'Doris has been talking hasn't she?' he smiled, 'the finger in the ass is her trick.'

He said, 'Let's shower together Sarah. We can just relax. That was a big rush we just had. I want to get to know you better.'

I said, 'I can't Paul, the kids will be home from school soon and I have to be there.'

He called out, 'Doris, can you come in here for a minute?'

I scrambled to cover up but Doris was there immediately, she must have been listening outside the door. She smiled at the two of us. 'Looks like you had fun, it sure sounded like it. Take your time Sarah, I will go and wait for the kids until you are done. You aren't done are you?' A knowing smile accompanied her last words.

Paul guided me to a large ensuite shower. Warm water and soft soapy hands relaxed us both. He wanted to kiss and fondle, but I had no appetite for the tender stuff. I did enjoy holding his big cock as it stiffened in my hands. He pushed me down to my knees. Doris had told me about his always needing a blowjob and I was content to provide him his pleasure.

'I want a blowjob Sarah. Suck me right off. Take it all.'"

I had been feeling, licking and sucking Sarah all the way through her story. My balls were aching as she rolled on top of me and slid my cock into her cunt. We ground away slowly, trying to extract every gram of pleasure and passion. 

I said, "God baby, that was hot. Did you fuck him again? Or was that it."

She did not answer for a while. Then clutching her body to mine she moaned, "No baby, it got much worse, but I don't think that I can tell you about it."