 It was my senior year of high school, and my 3rd and final year as a Varsity Cheerleader Team... Rah Rah and all that stuff. There are two things that really come back to me in the way of memories about those times... Jealousy and Competition amongst us... and Road Trips! I'm gonna skip the petty stuff and go for what you guys always ask me about. In this case, I'm gonna tell you about one of the basketball road trips we went on. 

We were on our way home from a disastrous loss at the hands of another high school that we should have beaten big time! Our supposed State Championship bound basketball team got slaughtered! The ride back home on the bus was about 4 1/2 hours, and the first hour was spent yelling and screaming trying to blame it on anything. Finally, one after another started to drift off to sleep. Rain pelted the windows. It was just downright dreary and depressing. Linda and I were the only two cheerleaders still awake. 

The others were curled up in their seats dreaming. Most of the team had drifted off too. Linda and two of the last 5 guys announced they were turning in too. Linda asked me if I was gonna hang or jet, and I looked at the three guys left awake. They said they weren't ready to go to sleep yet, if I wanted to hang out with them. So, the four of us were there in the back seat of the bus talking. 

We got to talking about their upcoming college plans, and then dating. We laughed, because not one of us was dating anyone at the time. I told them I'd be their girlfriend until they found someone. They seemed to like that a lot. We started posing all sorts of scenarios as to which nights I'd date who, etc. I told them we could "double date". or "triple date" to solve that. The next thing we were arguing about, was what if one of them wanted to make out with me. What would the other two do? Hahahaha I remember just sitting there with my arms crossed under my breasts shaking my disbelieving head listening to them banter. That's when the conversation got tense. I asked them what would be wrong with sharing me at the same time? That's when one of them, Hank, whispered. "You mean.. like in sex and stuff?"

I must have been looking down when he said that, because when I looked up I saw all three of them staring at me like a steak dinner. I shrugged my shoulders and said, "Sure why not? But, everyone would get the same treatment no favorites or individual favors. That's when Devon blurted out. "How about right fucking now?" I shushed him, and looked around quickly and nervously too, wondering if I had made a mistake in what I had just proposed. Everyone else, except for the driver, appeared to be asleep, and the only noise filling the air was the hum of tires on the water soaked highway. 

"What have you got in mind, " I asked? There's not much we can do here in these confined surroundings. " Burt whispered, "First, let's have a feel of those beautiful tits of yours, baby. " I bit my lip as I pulled up the front of my sweater, exposing them to my appreciative boyfriends. Hank was the first to reach out and touch them. As a matter, of fact, he wasn't timid at all; because of the way he just filled both his hands and proceeded to massage them roughly. He pulled me sideways onto the seat where I now lay on my back with my head in his lap, and my legs in Devon's lap. He was running his hands up and down my legs while Burt got on the floor and started sucking on my belly button. Hank had bent down and began kissing me fully on the mouth, as I felt Burt's tongue move from my belly button to my breasts, sucking and licking me to pure lust and desire. 

Then I felt a finger slip up my thigh into my panties and into my pussy I arched my back at this and moaned into Hank's mouth sucking tongue like I was gonna rip it out of his mouth. As I opened my eyes to Hank shifting position, he ordered Burt to grab the duffel bag on the seat in front of him and they positioned it under my head and neck. I was panting and moaning louder as Devon had succeeded in getting his second finger into my twat. with his other hand somewhere under my ass lifting it up and down his plunging fingers. I heard the familiar zip of a fly, and looked up to see this big cock now hanging down in my face. I didn't even think. I just opened my mouth and accepted the gift.. My ears were filled with "holy shit". etc. as I sucked away at the cock in my mouth. 

Two more zippers made their presence known, and I suddenly came to my senses.. With a mouth full of cock, I tried to protest what was apparently going to happen. when a comforting voice said, "don't worry Lisa, we are just interested in blowjobs right now. " With that, I stopped fighting and sucked. I felt the heat and hardness of another cock rubbing over my tits and those wonderfully talented fingers working between my legs Suddenly, what seemed like only a minute, Hank grunted and told me he didn't want to make a mess, so I'd better swallow all of it I did. I gulped hot cum from the jerking cock in my mouth. So thick and gooey was the cum. I swirled my tongue lovingly around the head as the last of his cum oozed into my mouth. Hank pulled his cock from my mouth and smiled down at me. I remember looking up and smiling. licking my lips and mouthing "thankyou". 

Next came Devon.. His beautiful fingers pulled from my pussy, and as I started to protest, Hank and he switched places. Devon put his fingers to my lips and watched me suck and lick my juices from them. Then, he moved forward and with his hand around the base and his fingers in my hair. he pushed his cock into my waiting mouth. Devon's cock was about the same size as Hank's had been, so I felt really comfortable with it moving in and out of my mouth. He'd pull it out just enough to take turns pushing it into each cheek from the inside.. He told me later, I looked really sexy with his cock head trying to push it's way thru my cheek. Men.. I tried to scootch up some so I could tilt my head back further.. knowing it would be easier to take more of him in my mouth. and throat. *smile*.. which I was pretty sure none of them knew about yet. 

Devon was a stud. he took his time much to the whining of Burt who was constantly insisting that he be given his turn. Then, I felt Devon push forward.. felt his weight behind his thrust. knew he was now testing the limits of my ability to take more and I did. I felt hands mashing my tits.. and the constant fingering of my cunt. when it hit me like a tidal wave. I came just as Devon's cock found it's way into my throat all the way. 

He began fucking my throat... three short strokes, and then he'd push it down the length of his shaft until my tongue reached out and licked at his balls... He kept this up for what seemed like 4 or 5 minutes... I couldn't really tell for sure... I was too busy remembering to breathe when he pulled his cock out to where he let me lick and suck on the fat crown.. 

"Okay, babe... I'm gonna cum, but you best be swallowing it, Lisa. Don't be spitting my seed out either. " He came Gawd, did he cum... jerking and pulsing cum.. I almost choked during the first burst of cum. In his excitement, he had pulled back to where a blast of cum went partially down my windpipe. but like a good girl I swallowed. As I thrashed around between the two invading pleasure giving objects, I came again. and again. Later, they told me they were worried that I'd wake up everyone on the bus. So they made sure my mouth was always full.. And the did... keep my moans of ecstasy muffled with plenty of cock. 

Reluctantly, Devon withdrew. I watched as each inch of his long cock slipped surrealistically from my mouth I lay there in a daze. panting and swallowing.. still feeling like I had more cum to swallow. I had my thighs locked around Hank's wonderful hand not willing to turn loose for anything. Comforting words followed. "Don't worry, Baby.. I'll make it up to you later. " With that assurance, I relaxed my death grip on his hand, groaning deeply as he pulled it back. 

But now, Burt wanted his turn and he wanted it now! As Hank zipped up and moved away, Burt pushed his way to my face and grabbed a chunk of my hair and tried to stuff his fat cock in my mouth. I quickly turned my head to the side to avoid it, which followed with a sneering hurting remark. "Open your mouth whore!" I wasn't a whore! I started slapping at him, and Hank moved it to calm things down. Big tears filled my eyes, and trickled down my cheeks. The pouty look on my face confirmed my hurt feelings. Burt's anger and frustration suddenly turned to apologetic gestures. 

Before he could gush out more, I told the two of them that I was going to the bathroom, and would be back in a few minutes. I could tell that it was difficult for Burt to release his grip on my hair but he did. I found the quiet solace of the bathroom, as I thought back about what I'd just done. I still didn't think I was a whore. horny, maybe. but not a whore! I washed my face and straightened my skirt and sweater then went back out to the boys. 

Burt was the only one awake now Hank had evidently gone back to his seat too.. As Burt attempted to speak, and I shushed him with my fingers to his lips. He had this big hurt puppy dog look on his face. I can still see it in my memory today. I sat beside him and put my hand on his thigh, and gently rubbed his leg as I whispered to him. I haven't forgotten about you. "Smile" I was just saving the best for last. With that, his face broke into a big broad smile. I told him he'd have to be very quiet and TELL me if he saw anyone moving at all! I wasn't about to fuck up now. Literally, or so I thought!

I crawled up on the seat and knelt beside him. slipping my hand inside his open trousers, as I bent forward to kiss him At first he balked at kissing me, but as soon as I had my fingers wrapped around his dick, he whimpered like a baby into my mouth. My mind reeled as I became aware of how big around his cock was in my hand. Both of his hands had slipped under my sweater and were kneading my breasts. It felt soo good. Suddenly, I made a dangerous decision. I straddled his lap, as I worked his fat cock through the opening in his pants. 

Breathlessly, I stared into his handsome face and told him to move my panties aside. As he did, I worked the head of his cock up into my pussy and let out a long sigh as I slid down over it. I cupped his face in my hands, and said. "Don't make any noise. Just let me do all the work okay?" He just nodded his wrinkled head at me as I put my arms around his neck and began slowly working my hips up and down the hot meat impaling me. Ummmm. I can still feel it He lasted about 1 minute. maybe less. I knew when he was ready to cum It was in his eyes. We both locked eyes and held on tight as his cock swelled inside me, pulsing and squirting cum deep in my pussy. As I felt him soften and slip out I slid off his lap to the bus floor and took his cock in my mouth and licked and sucked our juices from it. 

I wiped my mouth on the towel someone left on the seat and stood to blow him a kiss before I turned and went to my seat with Linda. She was smiling as I sat down. I wonder how many others watched what we did in the back of the school bus that night.. I'll try to write more later. There was actually a really cool followup to this trip *s*