 “Great, another week away from home” Lisa Bussman lamented upon learning of another trip to staff the booth at a vendor fair. “Last week Atlanta, next week Chicago, at least I get to my laundry at home on the weekends”. With hands under her chin, she leaned on her desk and finished the e-mail from her boss instructing her to arrive in Chicago on Monday. “Wonderful, today’s Wednesday and I need to make travel plans today, I bet the flight will be a fortune”. Lisa managed a slight smile when she learned that Dawn Cunnington would be joining her on the trip. Dawn and Lisa had become fast friends since joining the same copy system manufacturer six months ago. “At least I’ll have someone to eat dinner with” she thought, “maybe we can even sneak away for an afternoon of shopping”.

“Don’t bitch, I already heard we are going to Chicago” Dawn said as Lisa approached her desk, “and you haven’t heard the worst part, I just booked the last room at the show site hotel, so it looks like we will be rooming together”. “I am heading up on Friday to visit some friends, so I’ll get first choice of beds!” Something about Dawn always made Lisa laugh, so she quickly got out of her pissy mood. Dawn had striking red hair, beautiful emerald green eyes and pale alabaster skin. Though somewhat short in stature, she had a body that Lisa envied, with very large full breasts and well-toned legs, but it was her infectious smile that always brought Lisa out of a bad mood. 

“Well, I’ll come to Chicago on Monday morning, so I expect that our display booth will be in good order by the time I get there” Lisa said with a smile. They both laughed and chatted about potential restaurant visits before Lisa returned to her desk to make flight arrangements for an 8:00 a.m. flight on Monday to Chicago.

The week passed quickly as Lisa caught up on work assignments left over from previous out of town visits. She left the office early on Friday to take care of business at home and pay bills, including the rent on her frequently vacant apartment. Saturday morning she was awakened by a phone call from the airline informing her that Monday morning’s flight was cancelled. Later flights on Monday would not get her to Chicago in time, so she arranged to take an evening flight on Sunday. Lisa made a mental note to call Dawn to let her know that she would be arriving early.

The weather was beautiful this Saturday, so Lisa decided to take a jog around the park at the lake. A cool breeze danced through her dark brown hair as she cruised along the nature trail that surrounded the lake. Lisa always kept herself in good shape, and found exercise to be a great stress reliever after a long week at the office. She finished the three miles in just over a half-hour and walked to her apartment to cool down. “A long bath sounds like just the ticket” she said to herself. After lighting some candles, she started the water in her whirlpool bath and began to strip out of her perspiration soaked jogging clothes.

She grabbed a washcloth and wiped it over her still moist face. At 32 years old, Lisa was still a striking beauty, with short chestnut brown hair, which she maintained through regular visits to the salon. Her pale white skin was smooth and soft, with just a few freckles sprinkled on her high cheekbones. Her hair and skin formed the perfect frame for big, strikingly beautiful blue eyes. Lisa's small nose was placed above full, pouty red lips and pearl white teeth. Standing before the full-length mirror in her bathroom, she removed her T-shirt and then peeled off her jogging bra to reveal her 38DD breasts. She traced her hands along with a bead of sweat from the top of her chest to her large, brown aureole, giving it a slight pinch. Lisa then removed her shorts and panties to reveal a well-trimmed brown bush atop long, muscular legs. “Not bad for a thirty something old maid” she thought.

Lisa crawled into the tub and listened to the soft music that emanated from the stereo in her bedroom. She added some bath oil to the tub and started the whirlpool. Her nipples began to harden in the cold air above the water line and she instinctively cupped her magnificent breasts in her hands. Lisa began to rub the slick suds over her nipples and as she did, her pussy began to respond with a flood of warmth. While she continued to massage her breasts, her left hand slid to her pussy and she began to massage her swelling lips. Lisa slid first one finger, then a second into her pussy and began to move in and out of her wet cunt. She then slid her other hand beneath the water to work her fingers over her swollen clit. Her pace began to quicken as she felt her orgasm closing in. Her body writhed in the water as her first climax approached and she let out a yelp, as wave after wave of pleasure filled her body.

Once her climax subsided, Lisa knew the next step in her usual routine. While massaging her breasts, she turned her body so that the jet of the whirlpool targeted her still swollen clit. She knew that it would only take a short time before her second climax hit her, and she also knew it would be more intense than the first. Lisa pinched her 2-inch nipples hard as the strong jet of water flowed over her clit. The jet behind her sent a pleasant flow of water into the crack of her ass, increasing the pleasure. As usual, this climax snuck up on her and she screamed as jolts of pleasure struck her, and warm cum escaped her pussy, intermingling with the bath water. Two climaxes later, Lisa jumped in the shower to wash her hair and spent the rest of the day reading a spy novel from her favorite author, eating a pizza for dinner delivered from Nunzio’s, the neighborhood Italian restaurant.

Sleeping in until 10:00 on Sunday, Lisa ran errands, checked e-mail on her lap top, took a quick shower then packed for her 6:00 p.m. flight to Chicago. On the way to the airport, she remembered to call Dawn to let her know that she would be arriving a day early, but there was no answer in her room, so she left a voice mail. 

Lisa arrived at the hotel at 10:00 p.m., got a key from the desk clerk and headed to the room she would share with Dawn. Her temporary room mate was nowhere to be found, so she unpacked her bag, took a quick bath, and pulled an oversized t-shirt over her head before climbing into the bed that had obviously not been napped in. At 11:00, Lisa turned the lights off, with the exception of the bathroom light that she left on so the Dawn could find her way around.

After dosing for a few minutes, Lisa was awakened by the sound of voices and after gathering her senses, she realized that it was Dawn, and Dawn was NOT alone. Though Lisa’s bed was in darkness, the bed at the opposite end of the room was softly illuminated by the light from the bathroom. Lisa watched in amazement as a tall, handsome man in a blue suit stood near the bed and held Dawn tightly around the waist, then kissed her deeply on the mouth. His hand reached down to Dawn’s ass and massaged her cheeks softly, then moved up to grab her large breasts. Dawn’s hands were doing their own groping, over the handsome stranger’s tight ass.

Lisa was perplexed as to how to handle this situation. “Should I say something”,she thought, “or just act like I am asleep and hope they don’t notice me”. She opted for feigning sleep as the show before her continued. The man’s hands found the zipper in the back of Dawn’s dress, and in seconds, she stood in bra and panties with her dress at her ankles. Lisa marveled at the size of Dawn’s breasts strained against her dark green bra, and was then more amazed when her breasts exploded from the bra, released by a swift motion of the stranger’s fingers. He then hooked his thumbs in her green bikini panties and revealed a beautiful red bush, with obviously swollen red pussy lips. 

The stranger laid Dawn on the bed with her pussy facing Lisa, then knelt between her legs and began to slowly lick her glistening wet slit. Dawn gasped as he slid a finger into her without losing the rhythm of his tongue assault on her hard, swollen clit. His other hand moved from one breast to another as Dawn moaned in obvious pleasure. The stranger moved his finger in and out of Dawn’s cunt with a slurping sound and she grabbed his head to pull his mouth deeper into her wetness. Her breath came quicker now and she began to pant signals of her approaching climax. She let out a low groan and her legs wrapped around the man’s head as she came hard into his mouth.

After catching her breath, Dawn stood and pulled the man to a standing position. One by one she removed each article of clothing until the man stood in his underwear, with a large erection poking through the fabric. Seemingly without thinking, Lisa was feverishly rubbing her hands into her pussy as this sex show unfolded before her. Dawn knelt on the floor and pulled the underwear off of the stranger. As the underwear reached his knees, his 8 inch cock rebounded against his stomach with a thwack. Dawn reached up and began to stroke his marvelous cock while licking his massive balls. She then moved to the huge head of his penis and licked a drop of pre-cum from his hole, before engulfing the full eight inches down her throat. As she moved the thick member in and out of her mouth, the beautiful redhead cupped his balls in her hand, massaging them softly. 

When the man let out some mild groans, Dawn stopped her sucking and positioned herself on her hands and knees on the bed. The man positioned his thick cock into the wet red slit and pushed himself into her an inch at a time. He grabbed the beauty’s somewhat wide hips and began working himself in and out of her, in a nice, rhythmic pace. Meanwhile Lisa was so mesmerized by the events before her that she did not realize that a climax had crept upon her until she was able to muffle a scream at the last moment.

After humping Dawn in this position for a while, the man rolled her onto her back and climbed on her, entering all eight inches in a single thrust. Lisa was perfectly positioned for this show, and in the light that flowed from the bathroom, she watched the man sliding the full length of his manhood in and out of Dawn’s wet pussy. Dawn’s calves rested on the stranger’s hips as she pushed herself up to meet each thrust of her lover’s cock. The man knelt periodically in an upright position so that he could massage the large breast’s of the beautiful redhead he had bedded this night. Periodically, he would lower his head to the large nipples and suck them gently into his mouth. 

As his breath quickened, he kissed Dawn deeply and passionately, sticking his tongue deep into her mouth. He withdrew his mouth as he began to move toward the crescendo. Lisa could see that his cock had somehow grown in size as he began to pound deep and hard into Dawn’s pussy. She pushed back with wild enthusiasm until the man shot stream after stream of hot cum into her wanting pussy. Dawn then convulsed in a throbbing, passionate climax as the man emptied his balls deep into her cunt.

After a few minutes of gentle kissing and cuddling the man told Dawn goodnight, quickly dressed and left the room. Dawn sat up in bed, let out a slow moan of pleasure and then let out a scream as she noticed Lisa laying in the bed across the room. “When did you get here you bitch?” Dawn screamed. 

“I’m sorry Dawn, my flight for Monday was cancelled and I had to fly here early”, she explained. “I tried to call you”.

“I am so embarassed” Dawn cried, as tears flowed down her face.

“It’s okay, don’t be embarrassed” Lisa pleaded. She moved across the room to Dawn’s bed and held her as she continued to cry. After a while Dawn became less rigid and softened in Lisa’s arms. Taking a page from her friend’s book, Lisa tried to defuse the situation with humor. “Damn girl, that was the sexiest thing I have ever seen”, she exclaimed, “it made me horny as hell! Besides, you have the biggest tits I’ve ever seen”. Lisa reached down and playfully cupped Dawn’s still naked breast in her hand.

“I must look a mess”, Dawn cried, she then smiled a devilish smile and wiped her nose on Lisa’s t-shirt.

“Hey! Now what am I going to sleep in” Lisa smiled.

“I showed you mine, now you show me your’s”, Dawn said, reaching to remove Lisa’s shirt. “You have beautiful tits yourself Lisa”.

The talking stopped as Dawn moved her mouth to Lisa’s erect nipple and sucked gently upon it. Lisa had never really thought of being with another woman, but the excitement of the moment took over. She laid back on the bed as Dawn sucked hard on her nipple, reaching her hand for Lisa’s wet slit. Lisa moaned as the finger entered her, then the extasy began as Dawn worked her hand in a way that only a woman would understand. Dawn kept Lisa on the edge of a climax for about ten minutes, then she kissed her way down Lisa’s firm stomach until she reached her begging pussy. She parted Lisa’s pussy lips with her tongue and ran it up and down her sweet snatch. Lisa moaned at the feel of the soft tongue on the folds of her pussy and rubbed her hands through the redhead’s thick hair. Dawn took her time, exploring every bit of the swollen cunt before her. Sensing Lisa’s need for release, she found her clit with the tip of her tongue and began to flick it at an ever increasing pace over the swollen bud. Lisa moaned with approval, raising her hips to meet her lover’s tongue. 

A pressure began to build in Lisa like she had never felt before as Dawn pressed her mouth around Lisa’s swollen clit and flicked rapidly over her blood engorged twat. And then it happened, wave after wave of orgasm flowed throughout Lisa’s body like she had never felt before. Liquid flowed from the lips of her pussy, and fell in thick drops down the crack of her ass. Dawn continued to work her clit until her climax subsided, the sheets beneath them soaked in sweat. 

After recovering from her climax, Lisa kissed Dawn deep on the mouth, tasting her own juices on her new lovers lips. She kissed her way down her friend’s neck, stopping at each of her huge breasts to caress and suck on the amazing globes. Lisa then made her way to Dawn’s pussy, and she parted her lips with her tongue tasting the salty goo left by her now departed lover. Lisa enjoyed her first taste of pussy, especially with the mixed taste of sperm left for her enjoyment. It didn’t take long for Dawn to reach a frenzy as Lisa lapped her tongue over her well prepared clit. The redhead pushed her pussy into Lisa’s face and let out a scream as her pussy spasmed in a wonderful orgasm. As she came, pearly white cream left from her previous lover spewed onto Lisa’s tongue, and she lapped it up as quick as she could.

The two lovers held each other and drifted off to sleep, waking once in the middle night for a brief, but intense moment of love making. Kissing passionately, Lisa and Dawn rubbed their breasts together while grinding their clit’s against the other until they both screamed in a wonderful climax. Drifting off to sleep, Lisa couldn’t help but think that road trips would never be the same again.