 Once upon a time in college...

...it happened that I was dating a girl named Chrissie. Let me tell you from the start guys and gals, Chrissie was a hot little number who was hot for cock. Specifically, she was hot for my cock and had been since she'd found out how good I was from the other girls.

And how big I was.

She did everything within her power to get a piece of me.

I thought right from the first that she was a hottie. And I could pretty much tell right from the beginning that she was clearly hot for me. She turned my head the moment she first walked by, but there are lots of hot girls in college and I wasn't looking for a ball and chain. I was living that certain lifestyle where you get a different pussy every night and never had to come back for more unless you wanted to. But Chrissie wanted me badly and she was willing to wait, knowing full well that I would eventually get around to her if she made herself available enough.

And honestly, no matter how available the pussy was, who wouldn't have wanted a piece of that ass?

Because, as we all know, there is nothing finer than a good piece of ass.

She was twenty years of perfection in the making. A tight, blonde bombshell. An ass you could bounce a quarter off of. Full, pert, round breasts that accentuated all the right curves in all the right places. And her skin was so creamy and smooth you could cum just by rubbing your cock over it.

And about her pussy you might ask? Well, guys....

I didn't need to work hard to seduce her when I decided the time had come for us to fuck. She came to my bed like a lamb to the slaughter and I found a pussy so tight my dick wouldn't fit inside without enough lube to launch an aircraft carrier. That right there fellas was worth all the other stuff I endured over the nine months we were together. Hell, it took the first seven months just to stretch her out far enough that my cock could slip inside Chrissie with just her own natural lubricants, and even then I just barely fit.

That amazing pussy and her equally astounding sexual inventiveness made a kept man out of me. Kept me coming back morning, noon and night for another taste that is. It came to pass that I was so whipped, if she withheld sex, it would make me do anything for her.

Like buying her tampons. Or even asking another guy for directions.

By month seven I was the laughing stock of all my buddies.

Time, however, has a way of healing all wounds, and it brings all good things to an end. When you got it that bad, the best thing to do is leave 'em high and dry and wanting more. It was tough, but I began to look for comfort elsewhere. My run with Chrissie had been great, but once it felt like she had mastered me, the sex really began to lose the edge that had always brought me back for more. Still, I had decided near the end of the school year that I just wasn't ready to abandon Chrissie to the fickle fortunes of our urban college campus just yet.

I figured if she was still as hot for me as she obviously had been when I first fucked her, then she still might be willing to do anything to please me. The first time I broke up with her, she brought me back by allowing me to be the first to take her virgin ass. Her was even better than her pussy, if that was at all possible. And that orifice was worth the extra two months I put into our relationship just to sample it in every sexual position under the sun. But by the end of the ninth month I was totally over her and I was pretty much routinely cheating with every woman that I could find on the nights Chrissie wasn't in my bed.

Discretely of course.

So after I'd been the first to try out the pleasures of her ass, and been enjoying it and her pussy at least every other night, I decided the time was right to cut her loose once and for all. The semester was drawing to a close and the summer holidays loomed before us. There'd be a lot of women available that summer and I just couldn't be tied down with a girl who wasn't even living in the same state as me. And I didn't like cheating. It was too hard.

But Chrissie, unaware of my new feelings, had been begging me to go on a road trip with her to take her home to Savannah for the summer.

As she put it, we could unwind from final exam stress.

The underlying implication of course was that it was just an excuse to fuck me in every state in the South along the way there.

Now it happened that I had a friend who lived in Atlanta named Todd that I barely ever got to see anymore. He was the son of a friend of my mother's and we'd been thick as thieves since we could walk. I twisted Chrissie's arm so that she agreed to schedule a couple days stay with him along the way.

It got me thinking of all the possibilities....

And as luck would have it, my buddy Mark from our college rugby team also lived a few hours from Atlanta and needed a ride home. Mark and I have the same first name (albeit with different spellings) and it'd always been a little confusing when we were together, since we didn't use our rugby nicknames too often in mixed company.

I spun out a scenario for him and to make a long story short, Mark jumped at the opportunity. In fact he knew he was so gonna owe me after this trip. Big time.

Chrissie was disappointed at first about having to take Mark along, because even though I knew she thought Mark was hot, she'd been hoping to spend some alone time with me. I'd assured her that we'd be rid of Marc at the earliest opportunity and I convinced her that if we were going to Georgia to stop in and see Todd along the way, then why not take Marc home too? And she couldn't say no. She was cool with that as long as we had a private bedroom of our own along the way in which to get it on. Which was fine by me, because I wanted as much of that pussy as possible before we parted once and for all.

So everything was set.

We picked up Mark from his dorm and headed on down the road. The ride to his place was going to take about eight hours. Chrissie had worn a sexy little cotton blouse with shorts. She was set to tease that morning, and we got an early start. I knew that she wasn't going to be able to contain herself along the way for that entire time.

We stopped for gasoline at a convenience store in Mississippi early in the trip.

Mark had taken on the job of filling up the car, since he had offered to pay for part of his ride.

Chrissie and I went inside the store to buy munchies. My girl was looking very sexy and I noticed several of the male patrons giving her the eye. I got an idea and I asked the teenager behind the counter for the keys to the restroom located around the side of the store.

"Have you ever been fucked in Mississippi before?" I whispered in Chrissie's ear as I came up behind her, putting my arms around her.

"No," she giggled.

"C'mon," I said, dragging her out of the store with me around back to the restroom.

She came more than willingly.

I wasn't going to worry about the proprieties. And we wasted no time once I'd shut the door behind me. I pushed her back roughly towards the sink. The john was good sized, but filthy. I pulled her shorts and panties down to the floor and picked her up in my muscular arms, steadying her on the edge of the sink. She felt light as a feather and she spread her legs open for me. With a free hand I unbuttoned my fly and pulled out my extra long, extra thick dick, pressing the tip of my fat shaft against her pussy lips, slowly running the head of it up and down her moist slit. Unable to put it off any longer, I pushed forward. I looked down and watched as my massive head parted the pink lips of her pussy.

"God!" she cried at the invasion.

Nine months and she still felt like a virgin. Fucking amazing! She arched her head back as she felt me squeeze inside her. I forced my way further inside her slick tunnel relentlessly. 

Then I groaned, feeling her tight heat grip more and more of my rod. I watched my dick disappear into her pussy; I was three quarters of the way inside her. Then I pulled back a little, and drove my rock hard prick to its home.

"Oh, yes!" she cried as her hungry pussy was filled up.

And damn it wasn't even noon yet!

I was now sheathed entirely inside her warm flesh, hovering there, pulling her against me and watching her face as I began to slide in and out.

Her eyes were half closed, and the look in them was pure ecstasy. She was moaning now, in a particular way she used when she was really excited. Short, sharp chirping noises in between breathing laboriously and growling as she took my big cock over and over. Her legs wrapped tightly around my the thrusting muscles of my ass, forcing me in to her. 

"Unh! Unh! Unh! Unh! Oh, my God! Oh, my God!" she cried out a little too loudly as my rod glided in and out of her slick pussy.

I planted my hands on the sink and began to fuck her even harder. I was losing it already. I knew we needed to get back on the road and made no effort to make it last longer. 

Chrissie was losing it too. She almost always came for me, even when we were having a quickie like this one. She really got off on how good that huge tool of mine felt going into her so deep, and rubbing along the walls of her pussy. And she was so excited about this fuck that I could feel the moisture of her cum begin as her face flushed and her eyes glazed over a bit. She didn't stand a chance. And I held on long enough for her. Her feet were flailing helplessly behind me, as her cries grew higher in pitch. 

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!" she moaned finally, stretching her sexy legs straight out behind me.

Her strong thighs were squeezing me tightly, and it slowed my thrusts a little. As such, my own orgasm was put on hold for the moment as this beautiful woman struggled to regain control. Her heart was pounding, her vagina was pulsating. I felt her juices flood down my big, hair balls. Chrissie's face was clenched and her eyes winced shut as she came and came and came. 

"Oh, Lord..." she gasped, and I could feel her legs relax their grip around me.

I began to fuck her hard again, drilling her solid, pushing her back towards the basin of the sink. She whimpered against me, too out of breath to even moan. That hard cock of mine was just too much for her! Her hands were clawing at my back as her pussy took my thick prick deep at a lightening pace.

"I'm gonna cum!" I grunted at her finally feeling the sensation start in my toes.

I could feel my balls fill up.

"Cum inside me!" she cried, eyebrows raised up.

The words made me lose it. I slid my entire cock deep into her vagina and held it there. Her legs landed around my waist and held me there. 

"Fuck..." I groaned, caught in animal lust.

My cock exploded inside her. A huge, thick load of my hot cum shot out the end of my cannon and up into her vagina. My dick jerked again, spraying more of my sauce into her womb. She sighed, kissing my face as my manhood twitched inside her, a river of seed pouring into her pussy. 

I thrust hard against her, squeezing out even more of the stuff into her hungry pussy. Then I groaned again, opening my eyes. I kissed her repeatedly, lips smacking as the last of my cum trickled into her needy twat. 

She hugged me with all of her limbs, the biggest smile on her face. Nothing could be compared to the thrill of sex. Especially illicit sex. Still catching her breath, she leaned forward. When I looked down at my softening dick pulling out of her there was a trickle of cum leaking out of her pussy.

I kissed her reflexively as her feet hit the floor. I tried to get away with just a peck, but she held me in place, slipping her tongue into my mouth. We kissed passionately, and my hands slid down the back of her body again.

"Thank God you're on the pill," I said.

"Mark will begin to wonder where we went," she said, finally pulling away.

"Don't put your panties back on," I grinned crookedly at her, "I want to leave them as a memento."

She handed her panties to me and I cleaned my cock off with them and draped them over the urinal as a gift for the next guy to take a piss. It took only a few seconds to get back to the store. Mark had gone inside by this time. I knew he was wondering where we'd been, and what we'd been up to, but I just winked at him. He didn't press it.

We were soon back on the road with me still driving. After a few hours or so after we'd passed into Alabama, Mark took a nap in the back seat, or I suspected that he was at least pretending to. Chrissie, checking him out in the passenger side vanity mirror, sensed another opportunity, and started playing with herself.

"Give me a piece of that," I begged her after watching her out of the corner of my eye for a few minutes.

She moved closer to me so that I could reach my hand down her thighs and rub her through her shorts.

"I want some more too," she whispered into my ear; as she reached down to stroke my growing cock through the fabric of my shorts.

I knew illicit sex really excited her. After a minute I was pretty solid, but I let her take the wheel for a minute as I undid the fly of my shorts and pulled my cock out of my boxers through the open piss hole. It felt good to be exposed to the open air. Chrissie took the hint, at first pushing and pulling on my dick as she stroked it, and then bending down to give me head, alternating by playing with herself at the same time. 

If one were looking through the car window, one would have seen Chrissie's head bobbing up and down towards my lap. She lapped at the base of my cock, holding it up into the air. I groaned as she pulled my big balls out of my shorts as well, sucking them into her mouth, while her small hand stroked my huge dick. She licked up my shaft, tongue caressing around my mushroom head. Chrissie slid my fat head into her mouth, trying to sink as much of my dick into her mouth as she could. She bobbed her head up and down my cock, slurping loudly all the while, sucking hard.

No doubt it gave the truckers we passed a fine show.

She brought me to an orgasm within fifteen minutes, swallowing every drop of cum of course. Normally as soon as she was finished giving me a blowjob, she'd want to get me rock again hard and do it all over again. But I didn't let her this time. I had a lot of cum to give, but I'd cum twice today already and I was saving my remaining stamina for later.

After a while we finally got to Mark's house, miraculously without me crashing the car. Chrissie had been on the road a while and had to take a rest stop. So rather than just dropping Mark off as she had planned, she agreed to go inside for a bit.

Mark's parents didn't appear to be home. What Chrissie didn't know was that this was actually a hunting retreat that his father owned away from town, while their real house was in the city.

No one was even expecting us.

Chrissie went to use the bathroom, and Mark and I went into the kitchen to drink some beers.

"Mark dude," I said, after taking a swig, "I'm packing wood. This is going to be a great weekend. She's so wet to have me inside her. You should have seen her on the road."

"Dude I know you fucked her at that gas station," Marc said, bumping fists with me, "That was awesome!"

"Plus," he said, grinning from ear to ear, "I heard you guys in the car."

"Yeah, you pervert?" I asked him, "I thought I caught you looking at us in the rearview mirror."

Then Chrissie walked into the kitchen, snuggling up to me and taking a drink of my beer.

"What's all the smiling about?" she asked innocently, referring to the leers that Mark and I wore plastered on our faces.

"I was just telling Mark how hard I am for you baby," I replied.

"Oh..." she said, suddenly blushing.

"Well you are wet for me, aren't you darlin?" I asked, pressing the truth to my advantage and reaching down to grab her ass firmly and give it a shake and a playful slap. "Is that load I dropped inside you earlier still dripping out of your pussy?"

"Um, Marc," she gulped, removing my hand in the process, "Maybe we should talk about this later."

"Don't y'all worry about anything on my account," said Mark, "My casa is your casa, as they say."

"Baby," I said, in as sexy a voice as I knew how to use, pulling her back against me in the process, pressing my advantage, "I don't think I can wait. I think I need some lovin' right now. Right this minute."

I massaged my now obvious boner through my shorts and she looked at me a little like I was crazy. I pulled her tightly to my thighs. Mark stood there grinning from ear to ear as if this happened every day in the world. I didn't wait for Chrissie to make up her mind. I lifted her up in my arms, pressed against my cock, and locked my lips against hers, my tongue seeking her tongue, all in one smooth motion.

We stumbled back together, bumping up against the counter and I carried her to the living room beyond the kitchen. But she put up no resistance. Chrissie was just content for a bit to stroke my cock from the inside of the pant leg of my shorts. Mark managed to keep a low profile for a few minutes until I motioned for him to come and sit next to us on the couch. I prompted Chrissie to kiss him as well, and after a little encouragement she moved over to his lap. Once into his solid arms, they began kissing like long lost lovers reunited, and she never stopped stroking my cock all the while.

I moved away from them, a tacit approval to Chrissie to give her full attention to Mark.

Her engine had been revving for hours, especially since our earlier encounters, and she felt it was time to undress Mark. I knew she fancied him generally. He was a good looking guy. Like me, he lifted weights. His physique was buff and toned like mine too, but he didn't have the sheer amount of muscle mass that I had on my chiseled frame. Still he was good enough for Chrissie.

Chrissie slipped his shirt off, and that left only his shorts. As she unzipped them, it became apparent that Mark had gone commando this morning, not wearing underwear. The sly bastard! He was acting like a porn star or something. His cock popped straight out and up from his shorts the second the fly came down. Chrissie just moaned and engulfed his short, thick dick like a true slut, forgetting about me altogether. She hesitated for a moment at the base, but managed to fit his average length all into her mouth, unlike mine, where she could only fit the tip and the first few inches inside. At this point Chrissie with mouth and throat full of cock, moaned very deeply, which led Mark to groan in return. She proceeded with two more deep throat strokes, which made Mark's eyes gape wide open. They soon closed though, as his hips bucked into her face, and then Mark came with an intense orgasm. Chrissie brought her head up off his cock grinning; wiping her chin, even though it didn't look like any cum had spilled.

"Shit," he said, gasping, "I'm sorry I came so soon. That was so fucking incredible."

"I should have warned you about her mouth man," I said, laughing.

Chrissie had an excellent technique. She had a way with guys who didn't know what she could do with her mouth.

Remembering my presence, Chrissie turned to me with loving eyes and grinned to confirm my last statement. Then she noticed me stroking my cock, which I had taken out during Mark's brief blowjob. She quickly maneuvered herself across the couch to where I was sitting and started to give me another blowjob, my second of the day. This left her lower half exposed to Mark at the other end of the couch.

Chrissie was again working on me, sucking as she had Mark a couple minutes ago, and in the car earlier. Mark looked questioningly at me, and I nodded my assent to him. So he proceeded to get his fingers around the waistband of Chrissie's shorts and pulled them down to reveal her naked ass. Her panties were long gone in Mississippi. She must have been burning, because she spread her legs wantonly, all of which helped Mark manage to pull Chrissie's shorts completely off her legs, exposing her pussy blatantly to his face.
