 December 4, 1997

Finally! After more than forty-five minutes of circling Philadelphia International Airport Savannah breathed a sigh of relief as she made her way to the baggage claim area. Her eyes scanned the crowd searching for the driver she'd hired for her time here. In the last six months since beginning the rapid expansion of her design business she'd found it much easier and less time consuming to have someone else drive her rather than to try to find her own way. And now that she was rolling in profits cost was not an issue.

Her eyes lit on a tall man in a chauffeur's uniform holding a sign with her name in bold, black letters. As she approached him she couldn't help but notice the wonderful breadth of shoulders, his unusually colored eyes, and the heart-stopping smile he was directing her way. My lord, he's delicious! she thought to herself. Ramping up her own smile a few degrees, she was amused to notice a slight blush mark his cheekbones, which contrasted nicely with his albino coloring. 

"Hello, I believe you're looking for me; I'm Savannah DuBois."

She put her hand forward, and reluctantly, or it seemed to her, he placed his large hand in hers. She could feel the trembling in him, and hesitated on the brink of making some suggestive remark about the size of his palm. Other than Brent, her first lover, she had never encountered such nervousness of shyness in the other men she'd taken to her bed.

Not wanting to scare him off and realizing she had the whole week to work on him, she toned the smile down and asked him gently, "What's your name?"

~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Two Days Later

"What seems to be the hold-up?" Savannah asked irritably. She craned her neck trying to get a look ahead but all she could see was wall-to-wall cars.

"Accident most likely, Miss DuBois. But the next exit is only a quarter mile ahead; I can take an alternate route to your next meeting." Khalid's response was calm and assured.

"Very well", she sighed. Resigned to a lengthy wait Savannah made a quick phone call to alert the advertising firm of her current situation and that she would most likely be late. Severing the connection she laid her head back on the rest, closing her eyes and trying to relieve her mounting frustration. 

Truthfully the meeting itself was a mere formality, signing contracts being the main objective. 

What was really bugging her was Khalid's continued resistance to her not so subtle flirting. It was an uncomfortable reminder of years earlier, when she'd tried so desperately to rid herself of her unwanted virginity. The man was definitely causing her some sleepless nights. Physically he was as perfect a specimen as she could imagine. Tall, well proportioned, and not an ounce of fat anywhere on his frame, Savannah was in a constant state of arousal every time they were together. 

Grinning wryly at her ruminations she had to honestly admit that she was always aroused, but more so in the last few days than she'd been in a long while. One of the downsides of an ever growing business was that it meant less time for play. With horror she realized it had been almost three weeks since her last encounter. Damn! She was slipping. 

Still, she had some hope that eventually Khalid would take her up on her increasingly bold offers. Every once in a while she would catch Khalid staring at her assets intently, but would hurriedly look away when he noticed her watching him. She was pretty certain he wasn't gay, almost equally certain that he wasn't a virgin. Still, he was as elusive as a skittish horse.

She turned to the woman seated next to her. Kim Ralston was 25, black as night, sexy as hell, and Savannah wanted her almost as much as she wanted Khalid. Almost. Kim was the woman Savannah had placed in charge of the new office in Philadelphia. Only one year out of college Kim had a unique flair for interior design. Versatile and flexible, she could be a tiger when necessary. 

"It looks like we might be stuck here a bit, Kim. Would you like a soda or water?"

"I'm good, thanks. So tell me," and here Kim's voice lowered, "any luck yet with our scrumptious driver?"

At first Savannah wasn't certain she'd heard right, but seeing the mischievous gleam in Kim's eyes told her there was no mistaking what Kim had said.

"Am I that obvious?" Savannah queried in mock-horror.

"Yes, you are; and you still didn't answer my question!" Kim reminded her. 

Kim wagged an admonishing finger in her face. Impulsively Savannah grabbed Kim's hand and brought the finger to her mouth, biting it playfully. Honestly, she didn't know what had come over her. Well, she knew, she was just shocked at herself; that in itself was a feat of monumental proportions.

Still, Kim didn't seem to mind; her lids lowered slightly over chocolate-brown eyes and her tongue darted out to wet her lips. Both of them just sat there and stared into each other's eyes, neither one daring to move.

The limo's sudden forward motion startled them into breaking apart. Even so, they eyed each other, speculation brightening their faces. Savannah moved to the seat across from Kim, her back towards Khalid, and every so slowly hitched her skirt up to just below the apex of her thighs. She spread her legs, letting Kim take a good long look at the barely there wisp of lace decorating her mound.

She could feel that heated gaze as if a hot mouth was clamped over her cunt, and Savannah allowed a small moan to escape. With considered deliberation she pulled the edges of her panty to the side with one hand and quickly plunged two fingers into her sopping hole. They both gasped and through slitted eyelids Savannah observed Kim frantically pulling her own skirt up. Her actions mimicked Savannah's and soon the only sounds in the back of the limo were their heavy breathing and the wet, sucking sounds their pussies made as they finger-fucked them selves.

Savannah came first, her buttocks leaving the seat as she thrust her hips upward one final time. A loud whimper echoed inside the limo as her orgasm crested. Watching intently she could tell that Kim was nearing her own release. Swiftly she knelt on the limo floor between Kim's thighs. With expert accuracy Savannah latched onto the swollen clit before her. Above her Kim squealed in pleasure and Savannah felt a hand clamp onto the back of her head, pulling her more fully into Kim's crotch.

She replaced her fingers with her own, licking the sides of Kim's slit, sucking the labia into her mouth over and over. Kim's hips began to buck, forcing her finger's deeper into a now flooding pussy. Quickly Savannah removed her fingers and placed her open mouth over Kim's slit, lapping up the juice now freely running out. For the next few minutes Savannah savored Kim's hot and spicy flavor, making sure she didn't miss a bit of it. 

With a final lick she peered up at Kim, smiling at the contented look that greeted her. Savannah sat next to Kim and brought her mouth to her own. Their tongues met and rubbed against each other, sharing Kim's taste between them. Straightening their clothing Savannah sat forward, realizing the limo had come to a stop. 

She peered out the window, recognizing that they'd arrived at their destination. She looked forward to thank Khalid; his feverish eyes met her own. Savannah guessed that he'd witnessed her and Kim's backseat antics. With an inner grin, she now knew it was only a matter of time before Khalid caved. In fact, if she could engineer another such encounter, with Kim's help of course, it might just be the catalyst she needed to bring him to her.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~

After Savannah and Kim left the limo, Khalid drove around to the back of the building where there was assigned parking for limousines and the like. Shaking fingers turned off the ignition and expelling a heavy breath Khalid let his head fall back on the rest. The damn witch was driving him crazy, he thought to himself. If there was anything that could make a strong-willed person like himself give in to what had been so blatantly offered by his client the last few days, then what he's observed in the back of his limo was it. One moment he was driving along the interstate considering which exit would get him where his client needed to be the fastest, and the next he was in hell. Wonderful, frustrating, hell. He'd looked into his rear-view mirror as he often did to ensure his client's comfort when he'd gotten the shock of his life. Kim, Savannah's right hand, had her fingers stuffed up her cunt, sawing away like mad.

And just like that he was hard and hurting. Beautiful pussy juice shone against Kim's black skin, and he'd found himself wishing he could have a taste. No sooner had the thought crossed his mind than Savannah's head was between Kim's legs, making a meal of the plump morsel on display. He'd nearly wrecked at that point, his attention having been riveted the erotic love-play behind him. Fortunately for him the other driver he'd nearly side-swiped had avoided the collision with a skill Khalid envied at that moment. He'd slowed the limo, not yet willing to give up the opportunity of watching these two beautiful women together. His cock throbbed at the memory of Kim's dark hand holding Savannah's head tightly to her, of her hips bucking as she came all over Savannah's face.

He fumbled with the zipper of his slacks and sighed in relief as he pulled his twitching cock from the confines of his boxers. Fisting his cock in hand he began to slowly stroke himself as he remembered the kiss they'd shared after. Just knowing that Kim had tasted her own cum on Savannah's was an intense turn-on in itself. He allowed the memories to filter through his mind over and over again as he stroked. He put himself in Savannah's place; it was his mouth that had devoured Kim's clit, his tongue that had lapped up Kim's gushing juice. The tightening of his ball sac warned him he was close to coming. He increased his pace as he reached blindly for the towel he kept in the side pocket. Just in time he put the towel on his stomach as he erupted, white hot strings of his goo decorating the protective cotton. Some fell back and coated his hand. He continued to stroke even though his cock had gone somewhat soft. He figured he had another thirty minutes before the women returned, more than enough time to jerk off again.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Once back on the interstate Khalid saw that Kim and Savannah had their heads very close together; they seemed to be discussing something important. Business, most likely, he thought, and then forgot about it. He allowed himself a small smile, remembering. He could live off those memories for a while. No matter how hot Kim and Savannah were, they were his clients, and he made it a point to never mix business with pleasure

If Khalid had been able to hear what the two women were discussing, he may have run for cover. Savannah and Kim were deciding the best way to achieve their goal of getting Khalid horizontal. Their plan finalized they sat back against the seat cushions, legs crossed demurely. Upon arriving at Savannah's hotel, she requested that Khalid follow her up, as there was something in her room she wanted to give Kim and it was much too heavy for her to carry. Khalid agreed easily enough, at which point Kim announced she'd like to go with them to see if it would even fit in her modest-sized apartment.

Clueless, Khalid followed the ladies inside, admiring the natural swing of their hips. Kim's ass had a slight jiggle to it which Khalid enjoyed immensely. No one spoke in the elevator on the way up or in the hallway outside Savannah's suite. Once inside she directed them to some chairs in the sitting area, saying she'd only be a minute. Savannah dashed off to the restroom, excitement coursed through her. Her pussy throbbed as she thought of what she was about to do. Shedding her clothes quickly she pulled on a bathrobe and loosely belted it around her waist. Taking a calming breath she exited the bathroom and made her way over to Kim and Khalid, who were in deep discussion.

"Sorry about that" she apologized. "I noticed halfway through the meeting that I had a terrible stain on my blouse and skirt; must've gotten there while I was eating breakfast this morning" she innocently explained.

Khalid was having a difficult time not staring at Savannah's legs peeking out from beneath her robe. He tortured himself with the thought of her naked flesh under the robe, then wished he hadn't when his dick sprang to life. Shifting uncomfortably in his seat he murmured something in response and stared out the window.

"Okay, Savannah, what is my gift?" asked Kim.

"You're looking at it Kim" replied Savannah, and quickly shed her robe.

Before Khalid had a chance to protest Savannah was on him, straddling his thighs and pressing her bare breasts into his chest. Automatically Khalid's hands settled on her hips to steady her, and then he groaned at the wonderful fullness filling his palms. He squeezed automatically but stopped when he realized what he was doing. He opened his mouth to try to halt Savannah's wandering hands, which had wandered pretty far south. Her mouth sealed over his lips, cutting off whatever it was he had been about to say. Her tongue thrust inside and he capitulated with another moan.

If he hadn't seen these two women go at it earlier he might have stood a chance. Banishing the last thought he shrugged inwardly and gave in. Out of the corner of his eye he saw a naked Kim standing beside them. Her hands were busy on herself, playing with her breasts and between her thighs. He reached out with one hand and squeezed one of her ass cheeks, then pulled her closer.

Savannah finally came up for air and turned her attention to Kim. Leaning to the side she took one pert nipple into her mouth, sucking and laving it until Kim moaned. She gave the same attention to the other nipple and then turned back to Khalid.

"You have too many clothes on, baby." Savannah rapidly undid the buttons of his shirt and pushed it and his jacket off his shoulders. Once they were lying in a careless heap on the floor she eased off his lap and knelt on the floor before him.

"Raise your hips" she commanded, and Khalid complied quickly. Her efficient hands swiftly lowered his slacks and off his legs. She pulled off his shoes and socks and crept closer to him. Still on her knees she lowered her head and engulfed the head of his cock. His hips instinctively drove upwards forcing his entire shaft down her throat. She gagged reflexively and then inhaled through her nose, allowing him to pump his hips. Her left hand cupped his ball sac and squeezed firmly.

Watching all this had got Kim to the point where she needed to do something. She climbed onto the settee next to them and stretched out, allowing her fingers to play over clit. She pinched herself and shuddered with an unexpected orgasm. She watched intently as Savannah bobbed up and down on Khalid's cock. And what a cock! thought Kim. About seven-and-a-half inches long, its thickness was most impressive, being nearly the circumference of a soda can. She could hardly wait until it was filling her pussy.

As much as Khalid was enjoying the feel of Savannah's hot mouth surrounding his dick he could see that Kim was in desperate need of attention. Gently raising Savannah by the head he motioned towards Kim, indicating that they should join her. Nodding in agreement she stood up and approached Kim, while Khalid rifled through his pants. Finding his wallet he extracted a condom and quickly rolled it on. Turning around he spied the two women now lip-locked, their breasts and hips moving frantically against each other. Savannah lay on top, her delicious ass pointing towards the ceiling every time she pulled away from Kim's pelvis.

He walked quickly over to stand behind them. Grabbing Savannah's hips he held her still as he plunged fully into her tight channel. The heat from her pussy enflamed him and he couldn't hold back a long drawn out moan. He slammed into her over and over, forcing her to lie more heavily on Kim. She pushed back against him, scooting herself lower so that she could suck on Kim's breasts. Soon they were all panting heavily, moaning in pleasure. His sudden withdrawal forced a whimper from Savannah's mouth. 

"Turn over, lie on top of Kim" he ordered. Hesitantly Savannah did as he asked. He grabbed both of her legs and spread them out, pushing once more into her tight cunt. Kim's hands wrapped around Savannah, steadying her. Kim moved restlessly under her and her hands shifted to encompass Savannah's breasts. 

"Fuck yes, oh Kim...twist my nipples, baby...pleaaasee..." begged Savannah. Kim did so and Savannah shrieked as she came. 

Quickly Khalid pulled out, lowered himself and slammed into Kim's pussy under Savannah. Savannah's juice rushed out, coating Khalid and Kim.

"Oh fuck, oh fuck oh fuck" Kim cried out.

For the next ten minutes Khalid alternated between the two greedy holes at his leisure. But finally Savannah could not take the torturous teasing any longer and rolled off Kim. She walked up to the other end of the settee and squatted over Kim's face.

"Tongue-fuck me, Kim...I want to cum all over your beautiful face" she entreated. She closed her eyes as she felt Kim's tongue begin to stab repeatedly into her pussy. She rode Kim's face frantically, needed to cum so badly it hurt.

Khalid was almost beyond himself watching these two women unabashedly taking pleasure in each other. Swiftly he plunged into Kim, lifting her to him as he pounded her relentlessly. He watched through hooded eyes as Savannah squirmed on Kim's face, her pleasure obvious as Kim continued to feast on her. Savannah fell forward as she came, her nose pressing into Kim's belly. She lapped at the delicate skin, making her way down until her tongue encountered a hard nub. Greedily she sucked Kim's clitoris into her mouth as Khalid continued to fuck her. Every once in a while she would lash her tongue across the base of Khalid's cock.

His pace increased, and now grunting noises issued from him in sporadic bursts. Kim began to moan, and chanted "I'm cumming, I'm cumming...oh my God, fuck meeeeeeeee". 

Savannah looked up and saw Khalid's jaw go rigid. On the next backstroke she forced him completely out and then ripped off the condom. Hot cum ejaculated all over her face, dripping down onto Kim's mound before she managed to swallow his dick. Three more hot spurts of cum slid down her throat into her gut. She milked him with her hand, wanting every last drop he had to give. His hand stroked her skull as she finished him off. Savannah felt little love bites and kiss being planted on the inside of her thighs and she smiled.

Khalid had finally caved. Admittedly it had required some deception on hers and Kim's part, but well worth it. The rest of the week stretched out before her with sexual promise. She had no doubts that she would be completely satiated on her return to Boston, with a little help from her new lovers.

She grinned up at Khalid and murmured "more".