 I was on my way home from work late one night and saw a car along the road with its flashers blinking very dim and slow. As I approached the car and pulled in behind I could see a figure in the car. I stopped about two car lengths back just to be safe, turned my flashers on and got my Mag light to check it out. It did not look as if they had checked out the car since the hood was not up. Since it was a hot summer night I just assumed the car overheated. As I approached the car I could see there was only one person in the car, a woman, and she seemed a bit nervous. I stood away from the door and asked if she needed any help? 

She rolled her window down a crack and said, "help was on the way."

I asked, "Do you want me to look at your car?"

She said, "no." She seemed ok and since help was on the way I walked back to my truck and started to pull away. 

She stepped out of her car and waved at me to pull over as I passed. I then pulled in front of her car and hit my four ways again. I sat there a few seconds to see what was going on. She stood by her car till I got out. 

As I stood there I just called back to her, "Are you ok?"

She started to walk toward me and said, "Please help." 

It turned out she had not called for help, her cell was almost dead and she did not have a car charger, and was scared when I pulled up. I smiled and assured her that I understood and only wanted to help. I Introduced myself and told her I was on my home from work, I still had on my work uniform. I told her I would look at her car to see if we could do anything. She seemed to relax a bit then. I popped the hood to find her radiator had split. When she heard that she went into a panic. I asked if she had towing on her insurance. She thought for a moment and nodded yes. At which point I handed her my phone to get towed. 

It took some doing with the Insurance Company and setting up the tow truck but we got it done. And they were close by so it would only take them twenty minutes to get there. Hell we were on the phone for thirty minutes just to set it up. I told her I would wait till the truck got there before I left and she could ride with him to the destination. While waiting she seems at ease with me, we chatted about what we did for work and things in general. We found out we were close in age (I was six years older) and we both had professional jobs, and were single.

When the truck arrived I told her I would go, she touched my arm and asked, 

"Please, will you wait?" 

I nodded yes and she walked off to the driver. After speaking with him she came back to me and asked,

"Will you take me home?"

She explained that she is having the car towed to a shop so they could fix it first thing in the morning. 

I said, "The driver can drop you off at home after he drops the car." 

She looked at me and just said, "Please."

It was late and I was too tired. "Ok, I'll drop you off." I said.

When she got into my truck she got really talkative, probably from nerves. Luck is having it we were not too far from where she lived. As I pulled up front she ask,

"How can I thank you?"

I said, "No thanks was needed, I was just glad to help."

She asked, "Do you have time for a beer?"

I said, "ok."

I parked my truck in the driveway and we went into the house. She led me to the kitchen turning on lights as we went. We both had a beer and talked a bit then I needed to go. I gave her my number and told her to call me and let me know if everything was ok. She walked me to the door and on the way out she gave me a warm hug and thanked me again.

I hoped you would call, but I did not expect it, after all it was just a good deed and I was happy with that. 

Two days later I got a call. It was Shari, she thanked me again for my help and being so nice to her, and she wanted to make it up to me. Again I tried to tell her no thanks were needed. But I could tell she was not going to take no for an answer. She told me she was going to take me to dinner! WELL! This took me by surprise but I agreed. I joked about who was driving. She laughed and said her car was fixed.

"Would you like to pick me up at my place at seven?" She asked. 

I said, "Yes, how should I dress?"

Shari said, " Relaxed!" 

Now it was my turn to be nervous. I wore a pair of khaki shorts, a printed tee shirt and a pair of sandals. I arrived on time and knocked on her door. It seemed to be a long time before she opened the door. 

As she opened the door my eyes grew wider, taking in the view. It was her smile that caught me first, then her red hair in the sun. My eyes worked downward taking in the view. I saw her in a long floral cotton skirt and bikini top. And it showed just how large her tits were, 36D I guessed, and her mid-drift was showing, which was trim and fit, and to top it off, a navel ring. The look on my face gave it away. 

She asked, "Do you like?" 

What's not to like?" I said. 

As I just stood there gaping, she took my hand and pulled me inside. She led me to the kitchen and poured us both a margarita. I was not sure but I think she may have had a few before I arrived. We drank our margaritas and chatted about her car and just daily stuff, till she asked if I wanted to see the rest of her place. I nodded and she refilled our glasses then led me away. I was beginning to think she was drunk, nervous or crazy. She seemed to skip and bounce around the rooms as we walked though, which I loved, as it caused her tits to bounce also. We made our way back to the kitchen where she finished the pitcher off in out glasses then lead me out back. 

It was a rather large back yard lush with plants and trees. That was when she turned to me and said' "This is where I spend a lot of my time, I sun bathe nude." 

I was shocked at how forward she was and she saw it in my eye that was when she kissed me. It was no quick peck on the cheek or lips kiss, this was the real thing. I wrapped my arm around her and pulled her closer as we melted together. It was a long and sensual kiss making time stand still. When we broke, she looked into my eyes and said, "This is going to be a good night!" 

She downed the last of her drink and declared that it was time to go. She asked if I would load some stuff in my truck, I was not sure what she had in mind but I agreed. She had a large cooler and some carry all bags. I put them in the truck and we were off, to where I had no idea yet. 

We left her place and she navigated, but would not tell me where we were going. I think she had fun being in power, the big mystery. As we drove we chatted and just seemed to be so in tune with each other. It did not occur to me that we had driven for an hour or more, till my fuel low light came on. 

She laughed and asked, "Are you pulling the out of gas ploy on me." 

We both laughed and I found a satiation to refill at. As I was filling up, you stood by the side of the truck just grinning. 

I asked, "What's so funny!"

You said, "You still did not answer my question!" 

I told her, "Rather then pulling the out of gas ploy, I would have rather taken you in your back yard in your own private jungle."

You smiled, with a hint of blush. You said, "We are not far now from where we are going, and I think you will like it!" 

We drove about twenty more minutes and I knew we were headed to the coast for some time, but still had no idea what was up. She had me pull into a lot marked RESIDENCE ONLY and we parked. I saw houses around the area but no restaurant. I started to think I had gotten played. Shari saw the look on my face as she turned to me; she kissed me and said, "Trust me!" Kissing me again. 

We gathered the cooler and bags from the truck and carried them down a path toward the beach. As we got closer to the beach I could hear sounds of music and laughter over the sounds of the waves, then as we rounded the corner I could see the glow of a fire. It was a beach party. We walked in with our gear and found a spot. As we started to set up someone walked up and hugged Shari. They chatted for a few seconds then Shari introduced her to me. 

"Jill, this is Bryan, Bryan, Jill" Shari said. 

Jill stepped toward me with her arms open and hugged me as if she knew me forever. When we broke our hug Jill looked me over and said, "So I finally get to meet my girls rescuer!" 

I actually think I blushed, but they did not notice, so I thought. 

Jill started to grab our stuff and told us we had to set up on the other side. The other side of what I thought, the ocean on one side and a hill running up to the houses on the other with a fire in between. But we gathered our things and followed Jill to the other side. I was then I saw what she had meant, there was a small tent city set up at the bottom of a cliff away from the fire. 

Jill and Shari put our bags inside one of the tents that were already set up. It was a good-sized tent at that, I was puzzled more then ever now, just what had I gotten into? 

Jill came out and gave me a huge hug then kissed me, then said, "We are going to have fun!" Then walked away. I stood there not knowing what to think. Yes I enjoyed it, but was it a dream? 

I heard Shari call to me and I snapped out of it, I walked into the tent. I could see she was nervous before she even spoke. I walked closer to her, smiled and took her into my arms; we kissed, slow and deep. We both could feel the tension release and the passion rise. We did not need words at this point, we just let go allowing passion take over. 

Our hands began to caress each other, moving closer to more sensitive areas. We pulled at each other clothes, helping strip each other, we both wanted the same thing. We stood before each other naked and almost dove at each other! Our bodies pressed against each other feeling the heat between us, we rolled to the floor onto our blankets. Kisses, hands, fingers and more were everywhere, exploring each other fully. We were all over each other, 69, then me on top, and then you on top, the 69 again till we both exploded. You gulped me down and I was amazed at how you gushed, but I slurped it all down. 

We rolled off each other and after catching our breath we looked at each other and started laughing. We were both cover in each other's cream, you were scooping mine up from your face and licking it from your fingers and I was doing the same with yours. We cuddled and kissed tasting each other. We took a few minutes to settle down before we cleaned ourselves up and got dressed. 

We made our way out of the tent and grabbed some beers from the cooler then made our way to the party. As we did Shari explained that she had told Jill about how I had helped her, and about me and how nice I was and she wanted to do something nice for me. So they planned to meet at the beach party, even though Shari did not know anyone but Jill, she thought it was a good plan. 

I think she felt a bit uncomfortable with it all by the look on her face. I took her hand and stopped turning her toward me, looking into her eyes 

I said: "Thank you!" 

Then I pulled you into my arms and kissed you. I could feel you relax in my arms. I moment passed then we pulled away.

I said with a smirk rubbing my belly: "But I am still hungry!" 

Shari laughed and said: Jill will take care of that!" Then she grabbed my hand and we ran toward the fire. There must have been thirty people there now. Jill spotted us and ran up, hugging and kissing Shari, and it was not a peck on the cheek. They kissed open mouth and for a good long time, I was getting hard just watching. 

When they broke Jill said: "you taste good sweetie!" Then looked at me while licking her lips.

Shari spoke up and said: "Bryan and I are hungry." Jill did not miss a beat, she just said: "Well come on then!"

Jill lead us to an area not far from the fire where there was a table set up with loads of food. Just behind it there were boilers going cooking fresh seafood. 

Jill asked: "Do you like seafood?" 

"Yes, very much!" I replied.  

"Well, we have all you can eat here! Help yourself to anything you want!" Jill said. 

We got plenty to eat and drink and began to relax. Everyone was so nice as if we knew him or her all our lives. And it seemed as though everyone knew who Shari and I were even though we had never met any of him or her before. 

It was not long till Jill showed up again bringing us both a drink. She grabbed our hands and pulled us along to where the music was playing and others were dancing. We joined in and began to dance together. Everyone was having a good time; we danced and drank all night long. I saw some people off to the side talking and looking at us, but did not think much about it until I saw one woman catch Jill's eye and wink at her. Jill grabbed Shari and whispered into her ear. As she backed away they both had a large smile on their faces. 

Jill turned to me and said, "I am going down to the water with some friend to play in the surf, and you two can come join us if you wish!" And with that she pressed her lips to mine and gave my mouth a great tongue lashing, so much so that I started to get hard. As Jill left she just smiled, then headed toward the beach. Shari grabbed my arm and we took a walk away from the music and crowd. We did not speak; we just walked and held hands enjoying the night, the moon and the surf. 

Finally Shari spoke, "I am very glad you came with me tonight, and I hope your having fun"! 

We had stopped walking; I turned her toward me, looked into her eyes then pulled her close. Our lips met, soft and moist, arms wrapping around each other. Pressing tighter our kiss became hotter, out tongues mingled wildly together till we both had to push back to catch our breath. 

I looked at Shari and said, "I am having a great time, thanks for inviting me!" 

We both started to laugh. 

Shari stopped laughing and with bright eyes and a big grin said, "Lets go for a swim!" 

Before I could say yes she was headed down the beach. She stopped just short of the water and turned to see me heading her way. In the moonlight I could see her removing her clothes. She was naked when I got to her, I reached out to caress her, but she turned and ran into the surf. I dropped my clothes and ran into the waves to join her. It was so exhilarating being in the ocean naked with a beautiful woman. We played and splashed for what seemed like an hour, kissing, hugging and enjoying each other's bodies. We were getting tired and walked up onto the beach hand in hand. 

Shari picked up our clothes and said, "Lets not get dressed yet, I just want to walk with you naked!" 

"Ok?" Was all I could say? We held hands and waked along the surf playing and splashing, holding hands and kissing, until I could hear sounds of others ahead of us. I told Shari, "We had better get dressed, don't you think?" She just smiled and said, "Lets see how close we can get!" She had an evil grin on her face. As we got closer I could see others from the party in the water splashing and playing, and they were naked also. I just stood there watching them, and then I saw Jill out there also. She looked hot in the moonlight with her tits bouncing. I did not even notice that Shari had taken out clothes up the beach and dropped them off. When she got back she said, "Come on, let's join them!" 

I did not even think about it, I just took Shari's hand and headed into the water with the others. It was exciting to me but yet no one else seemed to notice. They went on playing and splashing. The water was anywhere from waist deep to neck deep, it depended on the wave, and they were rather soft. Then Jill saw Shari, then caught my eye, she came to us. Jill laid a huge kiss on Shari and Shari responded, I could even see her grip Jill's tit while they kissed, I was getting hard again! Then Jill wadded towards me, her tits just out of the water. I could see she was well endowed and her nipples were hard. She walked right up in front of me and grabbed my hands, placing them on her tits! Then she kissed me and grabbed my cock under the water! It felt so good that I did not even flinch!

Shari swam up to us and we had a group hug, each kissing and groping each other, they had me hard as a rock. Jill left us and walked out of the water up to the beach, so I took the chance and pulled Shari to me, pressing my cock against her, holding her close. I did not even see Jill come back, but when I did I saw she had a bottle of rum in her hand. The three of us took a drink from the bottle, and then Jill and Shari both started telling me how nice it was to join them and help Shari when she needed it. And then they passed the bottle again. All the time the waves washed against us gently, caressing our bodies and making the girls tits bounce. Even though Shari and Jill had my attention I could see some of the others leaving the water and walking back toward the fire, still naked. 

Shari took my hand and led me up the beach with Jill close behind. She led me to an area away from the others and the fire where there was an outdoor shower. We turned the water on warm and washed the sand from our bodies, and it was not long till Jill joined us, and still had the bottle with her. As she passed it to us, we both helped wash her clean of the sand. The three of us were kissing and feeling each other all over, and they both took turns sucking my cock. We soon decided to head off to the tent.


I had seemed Jill had already been in there, not only had she put our close inside but also she had a cooler with more drinks and rum. We entered the tent, cleaning the sand from our feet as we did, plopped down among the blankets and pillows. There was a soft glow from the lantern, which filled the tent. The girls took a hit off the rum then handed it to me. They did not wait for me, they began kissing and groping each other, getting more and more into each other. I took a few hit off the rum and set it aside, I wanted to join them. By now they were in a 69 position. I did not know where to start, so I came up to their sides and caressed them both letting my hands explore their bodies. 

They rolled onto their sides, still in a 69 position I took advantage of this. Letting my hands move to both of their Asses I could pleasure them both. They were so wet I slipped a finger into both Shari's and Jill's tight little hole. They both let out a squeal and I knew they wanted more. I finger fucked their asses while they sucked and fingered each other's pussies. They were on the edge of cumming and I helped send them over. They both collapsed in a heap panting for air. I sat back and looked at the glow of from their faces and the girl goo as they licked their lips. 

I did not take them long till they caught me watching. They crawled toward me as I took a gulp of rum, circling as if stocking me. Coming up on either side of me they began to rub my legs and arms, across my chest and down to my cock. I was so hard by know I thought I would erupt, but they had other ideas. They each took turns sucking me till I was ready to pop, and then they would stop and grip me, stopping me from cumming. They knew I could not take much more, then Jill pushed me down onto my back, Shari got on top of me and slide my cock into her wet pussy. Jill slid up above my head facing Shari and lowered her pussy to my lips. Shari bounced on my cock slow and steady as Jill did my face. They rode me harder and faster till I filled Shari with my cum, and I could feel Jill's juice soak my face so much so I could not breath. 

They both climbed off and Jill came up to lick Shari's cream from my face and Shari went down on my cock cleaning all of Jill's and mine. After I had caught my breath the girls sat back and kissing cleaned each other up. 

As we settled down, while Jill got us all more drinks and we chilled and chatted for a while during which we touched and caressed each other. They were not done; they were just waiting for me to recover so we could go again. The fun did not stop till the sun came up and we were all spent. We fell asleep in each other's arms till later in the day. 
