 The road trip started out in spectacularly boring fashion. Annie and her best friend Monica left early that morning to get from college to Monica's family beach house. They were switching off on driving Monica's VW Jetta down the highway. When one would drive, the other would either nap or be in charge of snacks and music. 

It was still a long road ahead, and after a boring first few hours Annie was looking for something to occupy her mind. That's when she caught a glimpse of the guy they were passing. He was gorgeous, and she had a quick fantasy about him, and shook herself out of it quickly.

"Fuck." Annie whispered under her breath.

"What?" Monica asked, turning the music down.

"Did you see how hot that guy back there was?" Annie asked.

"No, I didn't notice."

"You should slow down so he can pass us and you can see how attractive he is." 

"Are you serious?" Monica laughed.

"Absolutely. He was super hot." Annie insisted.

"Fine, fine, I will slow down to get a good look at him. He better be as attractive as you are saying though." Monica said teasingly as she slowed down a bit, enough that the guy in the car behind them switched lanes as preparation to pass.

"Moment of truth." Monica said, shooting a look at Annie, as the man in the car pulled up next to them.

Annie made eye contact with him, and she saw his devastatingly handsome smile. She smiled back at him and waved shyly. He pulled away, still smiling. Annie watched the back of his car as he pulled ahead, again getting lost in a fantasy of him pounding her from behind..

"Annie!" Monica shouted, shaking Annie out of her dirty thoughts.

"What?" Annie snapped, wanting to keep imagining the size of this handsome strangers penis and how it would feel inside her.

"You're right, he was hot." Monica said, then asked, "why are you so distracted?"

"I'm not." Annie said defensively.

"I said your name like 5 times with no reaction. You're definitely distracted."

"Fine, I am distracted." Annie conceded. "I haven't gotten laid in a while, and I was just imagining his tongue flicking my nipples and..." Annie trailed off, lost in thought again.

"Annie? Hello, earth to Annie?" Monica said, and snapped her fingers in Annie's face.

"Sorry." Annie said with a sheepish grin on her face.

"Let's get you laid." Monica laughed.

"Yeah, the beach should be crawling with hotties for spring break." Annie responded.

"No, I mean right now. With that hottie." Monica pointed at his car.

"What?" Annie asked, aghast. "No way."

"Watch this." Monica said.

Monica sped her car up to catch up to the Toyota Corolla and the hot guy. Annie was curious, but guarded, worried about what was going through Monica's brain. Monica pulled up alongside the hot guy, his drivers side window right next to Annie's passenger window. He smiled at Annie again, and she felt herself blush.

"Flash him." Monica said.

"What?! No!" Annie said while looking at Monica, horrified.

"Do it." Monica replied. "Do you wanna get laid or not?"

"I mean, yes.." Annie said, letting her voice trail off. Then in a moment of absolute bravery, or maybe insanity, she made eye contact with the stranger again and flashed him. 

His smile grew, but he had to break eye contact to continue driving safely. Monica sped up, pulling ahead of him.

"What are you doing?" Annie asked her friend, confused as to why they were getting away from this guy now.

"Making him chase you. Watch." Monica replied. Annie turned around and watched the guy speed up to catch up with her. He matched pace with them and looked over, and Annie smiled at him again, this time flashing him and playing with her own nipple a bit, getting them nice and erect.

"Fuck, this is hot," commented Monica as she watched from her peripherals. 

"God I am so turned on." Annie responded, putting a hand down her shorts, feeling how wet she was. She brought her hand back out and licked her fingers, making eye contact with the man in the car. He motioned at them to pull over.

"He's saying we should pull over." Annie said, suddenly apprehensive at the thought of actually being with this stranger.

"Okay, let's do it." Monica said, excited. She looked over at Annie and saw the apprehension written all over her face. "Don't worry Annie, I won't let anything happen to you, okay?"

"Okay." Annie nodded, and then noticed that Monica's pants were also undone. 

"You're not the only one turned on by this." Monica winked at Annie, and started slowing down. Annie looked over at the stranger and saw his smile grow as they fell behind reducing their speed. 

They both pulled their cars over after a few miles, on the side of the highway, and thankfully very few cars were on the road. The stranger got out of his car and came over to Annie's window. She rolled it down for him so they could talk.

"Hi, I'm Paul." He said, his voice deep and masculine.

"Hi Paul, I'm Annie." She said, reaching out to shake his hand. Instead he caught her hand and brought it to his mouth, kissing it. 

"Annie, nice to meet you. I noticed your antics back there and I was just wondering if I could help you out?"

Annie was very quiet, and Monica chimed in.

"She would love that, wouldn't you Annie? Just feel how wet she is." Monica reached over, putting her own hand down the front of Annie's shorts. Monica didn't stop as she heard Annie's sharp intake of breath, but put her fingers inside of Annie. Monica brought her soaked fingers out and licked them clean. "And you should just see how good she tastes." 

Paul opened up Annie's car door and Annie unbuckled her seat belt, letting herself be led out of the car, too turned on by Monica's finger fucking to care that they were on a public road and at any moment someone could pass them.

Paul pulled down her shorts and bent her over the side of the car, trying to give her as much coverage as possible, but wanting her in a decent position. Her torso was against the opening of the window and her head was rested against the top of the car. He took a finger and roughly shoved it inside her, eliciting a loud moan. He grinned, bringing the finger and out, and adding a second one. Annie moaned again, and he thought he heard something else, but he was too far gone to care. Knowing this had to be quick, but still wanting her to enjoy it, he brought his fingers out and wrapped his arm around her body, using one hand to position his cock at the entrance of her sopping wet pussy, and the other he used to find her clit. With a hard thrust, his cock was inside her, and he started rubbing her clit furiously.

Rubbing her clit, and changing the pacing of his fucking into her, he barely noticed when her shirt was moved up, but he did notice her increased moaning, and looked down into the open window and saw Monica playing with Annie's nipples, alternating sucking on one while rolling the other between her fingers. 

The stimulation and eroticism of being fucked in public by a stranger and her best friend was too much for Annie to handle, and she came, hard. Paul felt her pussy tighten against his cock, and feeling he was going to come if he continued, he pulled out of her. Annie went limp against the car, shuddering through her orgasm, and Monica stuck her head through the open window.

"Do you mind if I..." Monica asked, gesturing to his rock hard cock in his hand.

"Not at all." Paul smiled. Monica got out of the car and got down on her knees, taking his cock in her mouth. 

"Oh fuck." He muttered, as she let him thrust in and out of her mouth, face fucking her. 

Monica took his cock as deep into her throat as she could. 

Paul moaned, breathed in deep and said "I'm coming." 

Monica felt his warm jizz shoot down her throat, and she swallowed, continuing to suck and lick his cock once he was done. 

"Enough." He mumbled, still enjoying the afterwaves of his intense orgasm. Monica smiled up at him, and he reached down a hand to help her up.

They both turned to Annie, who had just finished getting dressed. Still a little wobbly legged, she went over and gave Monica a deep French kiss.

"No fair, you kept it all to yourself." Annie said upon finding Monica's mouth empty of cum.

Paul buttoned his jeans up, grabbed his wallet and took out his business card. 

"I don't know where you're from or where you are going, but if you're ever in this area again, I'd be interested in seeing you."

The girls smiled, took his card, and got back into their car. They pulled away as Paul was climbing back into his car. 

"So, how was that?" Monica asked Annie mischievously.

"That was the best orgasm of my life." Annie responded.

"Great, now you can make it up to me when we get to the beach house." 

"What do you mean?" Annie asked.

"You're going to give me the best orgasm of my life. Preferably with your tongue." Monica responded. Annie looked at her and slowly reached under Monica's shirt to play with the nipple she could reach.

"I think this is going to be a beautiful new chapter of our friendship." Annie said.