 I was driving down I-95 when my engine started smoking. I pulled to the shoulder and popped the hood, even though I didn't know what to look for.

I looked for a minute, trying to figure out where the smoke was coming from, when a car pulled up behind me. Three men got out and introduced themselves as State Troopers. Off duty, they looked like they may be going golfing.

Two of them looked under the hood as the third took a phone call, stepping away from the car.

"They're about a half hour behind us." he said, closing his cell phone.

I turned to look at him, and he told me that the three of them were driving to Myrtle Beach to golf for a week, and three of their buddies were going also, they just got a later start and they were going to meet up and follow each other down to South Carolina.

"Do you have AAA?" one of them asked me. "You're going to need a tow."

I shook my head, "Nope, no AAA."

"We could take her to Mike's, it's the next exit," one said, referring to a garage. 

"We know the owner, we can get him to waive the tow fee," he said to me.

I agreed and got in the backseat of the car with the three troopers. They were around my age, probably 36 to 40. All in good shape, good looking guys, the two in the front seat had on wedding rings. As a single, 38-year-old woman, I always look for wedding rings, even if I'm not attracted to the men. But I was definitely attracted to all three of these men.

As we pulled back onto 95 South, I looked out the window, but could feel the trooper in the backseat looking at me. I turned and saw him looking me up and down, looking at my legs, up to my skirt. I smiled at him and he smiled back. I eyed him up and down, and noticed a bulge in his pants.

He saw that my eyes had focused on his cock. He leaned over and took my hand, placing it over the growing bulge in his pants. He pulled me closer and slid his right hand up my skirt, cupping my ass. I spread my legs and he slipped his left hand inside my panties.

"Um guys, change of plans."

"Why, what's up?"

"Instead of taking her to Mike's, let's drive a little further down that road, there's a Hampton Inn."

"Ma'am, do you want to be dropped off at a hotel?" the passenger asked, as he turned around. "Oh, wow. What do we have here?" he said, a smile coming across his face.

I was leaning back into the trooper's hand, my legs spread for him as he fingered me, licking and biting my bottom lip. I leaned over and started kissing his neck.

"I just want to show my appreciation," I said, coyly looking first at the trooper in the passenger seat, then at the one with his hands in my panties.

"Well if you must," the passenger said. 

The driver glanced into his rearview mirror and saw that I was moving over to sit on his friend's lap, straddling him and unbuttoning my blouse to feed my breasts to him.

"Are we only invited to watch you and Tony?" the driver asked, "or what's the plan?"

"Oh no, I want to thank all three of you for helping me out."

We pulled into the Hampton Inn parking lot. Tony and I remained in the backseat, fondling and making out, groping each other in anticipation while the driver, Chris, went in to the lobby to get a room. Joe, the passenger, went to CVS and loaded up on condoms and a razor.

Chris came outside, got on his cell and called Joe to tell him what room to go to, and told him to call the other car full of troopers to tell them that plans had changed.

"We're taking a little detour," he said.

"Because of that woman? Tony told us you guys stopped to help someone who's car died."

"Yeah her, she's fucking hot and horny and wants to take all three of us. We just got a room off exit 3."

"Come on, you're not serious?"

"Totally fucking serious, we're at the Hampton Inn, I just went to get rubbers and I'm heading up to the room now, we're in room 224, at the end of the second floor."

"We're on our way, leave the door unlocked."

When Joe got to the room I was on my knees, sucking off Tony and Chris. I would take each one in my mouth while fondling the other. As I saw Joe, I pulled both men together and wrapped my mouth around both of their cocks.

"Nice," Joe said. "Can you wrap your pussy around two cocks at the same time too?"

"First time for everything," I said, plunging my mouth down on Tony, keeping my eye on Joe. 

Tony was built pretty well, with a 7 inch cock, decent width. Chris was a little smaller, maybe 6 inches and thinner. I looked at Joe as he took two boxes of condoms and the razor out of the bag. 

I got up and went to him, kissing his mouth and sliding my hand into his pants. I pulled my hand out and smiled at him.

"You think you're going to like that?" he asked me, unzipping his pants. "It's seven inches and wicked thick."

He dropped his pants and I dropped to my knees, licking his cock while keeping eye contact and then taking him hungrily into my mouth. I fondled his balls and groaned as I took him as deep as I could into my mouth.

"Fuck, that feels so good," he said, holding the back of my head.

"Let's get her on the bed."

"I can't wait to eat that sweet pussy," Tony said. "Chris did you get the razor? Let's make this cunt nice and smooth."

I was trimmed, but not shaved and all three cops wanted a smooth, shaved pussy to eat so I told them they could shave me.

"No one touches me while he shaves me, got it? I don't need the distraction and I don't want to squirm and get cut down there."

They all agreed and I spread my legs for Tony. Chris filled the ice bucket with warm water, got a wash cloth and soap and Tony went to work. The warm water felt good and their eyes were all fixed on my pussy.

"There you go," Tony said has he finished shaving me. "Nice and smooth"

Tony moved the towels, razor and bucket off the bed, slid his hands under my ass and lifted my pussy to his mouth.

He tickled me with his tongue, separating my lips with his hands and licking the inside. 

"Delicious," he said.

He put his whole face in me and wriggled his tongue, and slid a finger in me. I writhed against him, holding his head and moving against his face. He pulled me in deeper and I began to moan.

I opened my mouth and eyed the two cocks at attention nearby. I called Joe over and encouraged him to feed me. He got on the bed and straddled me, smiling down at my face as he slid his seven inches into my mouth leaning forward to get it into my throat.  

"Do you like to get your mouth fucked? Or do you just want to suck me off?"

I didn't say anything, I smiled with my eyes and took him deeper and he knew what to do. He leaned forward a little more, held onto the headboard and started drilling his cock into my throat. Chris moved up to the head of the bed and watched Joe fuck my mouth.

"Can I cum in that pretty mouth honey? Can I fill your throat with my hot cum?"

I didn't pull away so he knew that he could, he thrust a few more times and let loose a jerking, long stream of cum into my mouth. He pulled out and shook the last few drops on my tits. Just then, Tony dug in deeper into my cunt, and I started grinding harder into him, fucking his face until I came all over him. And even then I wouldn't let go and kept grinding in small slow circles.

"This pussy is so fucking sweet," Tony said, licking his lips, "I gotta get in there. Turn over," he said to me.

I got on my knees and told Chris to lay down in front of me so I could suck his cock while Tony fucked me. He moved in front of me and I lowered my mouth to his cock, swirling my mouth around the head as Tony knelt behind me and slid his fingers back and forth on my pussy lips, slowly entering me. 

I moaned, wanting him to put them deeper but he wouldn't. I could feel his hardness against my ass, and it got me so hot that I plunged my mouth down on Chris, slowly coming back up. I was moving my hips in anticipation, hoping Tony would enter me soon. Just then, I felt his thick cock slide against me and I plunged down on Chris again, taking him deeper in my mouth. 

"What do we have here?"

I heard the unfamiliar voice and tried to turn my head, but Chris grabbed my hair.

"Just keep doing what you're doing honey, don't worry about them."

The other cops had arrived and were watching Tony pump his cock in me from behind while I sucked Chris' hard on. Joe sat in a chair to the side, watching, gently stroking his cock, resting for another round. 

"What are you doing over there, man?" One of the men said to Joe. "You already go?"

"Fuck yeah, just fucked that mouth of hers, it's fucking fantastic the way she let me do her."

The men starting cheering Tony on, telling him to fuck me harder. Chris was telling him that the harder he fucks me, the harder I suck his dick.

So Tony pumped harder, and I backed up my ass, fucking him in return. Tony moaned loudly, and slowed down, slowly backing out of me, the condom dripping with my juice.

"Go ahead, she's not done yet," he said to the new cops.

I took my mouth of of Chris for a minute, and looked at the three cops staring at me, rubbing their cocks through their pants. 

"I'm not sure I can take all three of you ..."

"That's ok, we like to watch," one of them said, pointing to his partner.

"I like to fuck," the third one said.

"So does she, man, so does she." 

"I want to see you first," I said to him, and slurped back down on Chris' cock. 

The new cop dropped his pants and knelt next to me on the bed, his cock fully erect. It was perfect, easily 9 or more inches, smooth, thick, cut and the most amazing cock I had ever seen. I was hungry just looking at it and sunk my mouth down on him, using one hand on Chris, the other to steady myself.

The new cop pulled me off of Chris and laid me back on the bed, he pulled my legs up over his shoulders and sunk his cock deep into me. I yelled a little, surprised at the width. Slowly he went in and out while his friends all stood around the bed watching this man fuck me gently, stroking their own cocks. 

I stared into his eyes the whole time, never losing that contact as he slowly pumped me, his pace beginning to quicken. 

He started to fuck me faster, his balls slapping against me as he thrust, his face filling with power and lust.

I screamed for him to fuck me harder, to fill me up ... and he did, he climaxed and pulled out, shooting his cum all over my belly. 

He collapsed on me briefly, and I fell asleep, exhausted and sated.

I awoke later to find myself alone, a note on the dresser.

"Mike will pick up your car and bring it here when it's fixed. No credit cards, but he takes other forms of payment."

I lay back on the bed, flushed from all the attention and thought about what my afternoon would hold. After all, I didn't know how many guys would be working on my car.