 Prologue

Our innocent lust for another threesome led me, really all three of us, to a turning point...we started looking forward to Darin's visits. Initially it was all about cock worship; I guess Darin, Robin and I were all understandably fascinated with big dick...it was like our experience with Tom, our first threesome. I'm not small but, in comparison, Tom was bigger; and Robin had a field day with two big-dicks. With Tom, I was curious and very tempted, but I didn't go for it and regretted it...but not this time. I guess I'd made up my mind that things were going to be different with Darin.

I had a long conversation with Robin after our first encounter with Darin. I remember the sincere honesty when she spoke, "Honey, it's not just about sex, when a cock is bigger, like Darin...or yours. There's something more to it...satisfying a big dick or being used by big-dicked man is thrilling...it's intoxicating! It's crack for the pleasure part of your brain...you know. Baby, that's one of the things, between us, that really works. What you got down there has a big (she smiles)...a huge impact on things. There were a lot of negatives with my ex, and that was one of many. He was terrible in bed and he had a small dick...and he was a jackass." 

"Go ahead, honey, and tell me what you really think."

"Well, it's true and when we found each other, I thought you were a dream. When I felt you stretching me the first time, my pussy ached with pleasure...it overwhelmed me. I don't mean to downplay all the other things that make us special together, but wild sex is a factor; a part of me always craves that dick and the need to please it." 

"Robin, we do have something very special and I always have the same needs to please you...but I guess I've got some lust for Darin, too...I don't wanna fuck things up, sweetie."

She kissed me, "You're not fucking things up...I'm fine with things. As a matter of fact, I love it...I love a threesome, with two hot guys...I think you know that. I think you are feeling something for Darin...I think having some bisexual urges is normal, sweetie. I don't have a problem with it...just let things happen."

I'll never be able to thank Robin for what she did for me. With Robin, one of the sexiest women I ever dated, the exploration was always amazing. She was understanding and made me feel better about things, and I had a new male admirer...I totally enjoyed that. It started out that I was always a top, but eventually I had my first anal with Darin...he was the first to top me. It reinforced an evolving belief that my sexuality wasn't completely 100% heterosexual; it was fluid...or more complex, landing somewhere closer to bisexual. They both helped me explore those desires and discover myself. I'm in loving, open marriage with Tina, now, but they opened the door for relationships with couples (Racheal/Justin, Pete/Jodi and Tara/Bryan) and, of course, Eric, my first serious boyfriend. 

*************************************************************************

Anyway, that next weekend, we were lucky to have Chris out-of-the-house for four days; he went camping with Kerri, some friends and a pair of gutsy parents. Robin, and I, were just thankful we didn't have the responsibility of chaperoning six teenagers in the woods. But more importantly, Darin could stay the weekend; and Robin was liking having two guys to herself. 

I gave him the code for the garage, so he could park inside and go unnoticed by the parents; they only lived eight blocks away and he didn't want to explain anything...we all understood that. I told him, if we weren't home, the door would be unlocked, and he should make himself at home. We asked him what he wanted to have for dinner and all he could tell us was homemade macaroni and cheese (not from a box) and steak on the grill. It didn't seem like much, but we both remembered those college years of canned tuna and happy hour hotdogs. 

Robin and I were out getting the groceries and he let himself in. He dropped his bag in the living room and we found him watching TV, on the couch. When we walked in, he was rubbing a big hard-on through his pants, "Um...I grabbed a beer...hope that's okay?" 

"Sure, no problem."

"Um...I guess I'm horned up...you know. I was flipping through channels and fantasizing about things...this weekend."

Robin and I, both stared at him with a silly-ass grins and I said, "No worries...we got all weekend to work on fantasies...the dick in those pants is fucking awesome, dude." 

He grinned, "Yours's is awesome, too."

I smile at Robin, "Honey, you ready for the weekend to start? I know I am."

She smiles, "Now that we've established I have two awesome dicks all weekend, you need to help put the groceries away...and then you can help me get my clothes off."

It took us five, maybe six seconds, to throw the stuff in the fridge. Darin was laughing because we were done before he could get into the kitchen. 

I helped her slip off the t-shirt, while she pulled off her bra. Those perfect tits...they're firm, full and round; her nipples and swollen areola always begged to be savored. 

When the last of her clothes fell to the floor, her pussy lips hinted wetness. I backed her up to sit next to Darin, on the couch. She moaned as I sucked her nipples, kneading the firm, fleshy mounds and pushing fingers inside her pussy. 

"Oh god...yessssss...that's what a girl needs...I'm yours, for the whole weekend...guys...use me...fucking use me." Darin brought his dick up to her mouth and she stretched her lips over the bulbous tip; he rolled his hips forward to push deeper and started fucking her mouth. 

"Uhhhh...uhhhh...fuckkkkk...that's sweet, Robin...that's what a horny, young guy needs."

She had her hair pulled back in a ponytail and it bounced as she bobbed over his dick. Sucking and pushing at her throat, her lips stretched tight around the big shaft. My gaze only intensified; I couldn't pull away. The big cock pumping into my girlfriend's mouth was overwhelming. I noticed the swollen flesh displayed veins, scattered over the surface; they were hidden when he was soft. My dick was rock-hard; it ached with a yearning...a lust for another man's cock. I needed that cock so bad; I wanted to trace each one of those veins with my tongue. 

I blurted out, "Fuck! That's sexy, dude...mmm...she loves that...I wanna try...so fucking hot."

"Go ahead, dude...it won't bite."

Robin moved over to focus on the tip to give me space. Finally, I couldn't take it any longer and pressed my face against his abs. I awkwardly moved in to put my lips on the shaft; it was the first cock to touch my lips. It felt amazing...I loved the spongy, hard flesh...it was almost pulsing, and I could feel that incredible veining against my lips. His moans grew in intensity and encouraged me to go further. I realized my dick was hard as a rock, and I knew, at that moment, servicing Darin, and his big cock, was just a start. His cock was clearly fueling something more than what I felt in the past. This was going way beyond a simple curiosity; this was serious lust.

For a while, we divided the task; Robin took care of the head, and I ran my tongue over the shaft. I could feel the hot flesh against my lips; but it wasn't long before she pulled back and paused, "Babe, we should switch...you take the head. I think you'll like it." 

Once I slipped my lips over that glistening plum and pushed slowly down the shaft, I was forever changed. My life...my sexuality was redefined. I felt the veined surface ripple over my lips, as he gently pumped into my mouth. I pulled off to lick from the base to the tip, then swirled my tongue over the head. It was rock-solid against my tongue and he moaned louder. "Rob...fuck, you two are so fucking hot...feels good...keep it up...mmmmm...my dick feels so good...so good."

He groaned, "Fuck, dude! That's it...my dick needs that...two mouths. Uhhhh...uhhhh...fuck...just like a fuckin' porn movie...mmmmmmm...fuckkkkk!"

Robin and I went back and forth; I let her take over while I took care of myself...at this point, it felt really good to stroke. The tag-team didn't last as long as I wanted, because Robin, clearly, had other plans. But I'd have to say, things only got better...

She pulled off, "Let me do you, honey...you need attention, too." She dropped to her knees and took it in her hand. She looked at me, then back at him; he was totally focused on my dick. She smiled, "Darin, I'm beginning to think we all have a lot in common. It seems there're two cock-sluts, here, that have the same taste in men. He's rock hard...what d'ya say? Take care of our man, together?"

He was taken aback, "Our man?"

"Well...he's mine, but this weekend, he's ours. You wanna help?"

"Fuck yeah! Let's do it together!"

They pushed me back on the couch and snuggled, between my legs.

First, Robin grabbed it between her lips and worked five or six inches. Licking and sucking the head, her mouth felt good on my dick. She shifted around to huddle next to me on the couch; then swallowing quickly, she forced it deeper, past her gag reflex, taking the whole length, deep in her throat. 

When she looked up and met my eyes, with a mouthful of cock, she looked sexy. Cradling her head and wrapping my fingers around the ponytail, I gave a few quick thrusts, stretching her lips and planting the tip, deep in her throat.

"Whoa...dude...she just deepthroated...you...I think she's deepthroating you...what the fuck?"

"Yeah...I know."

"That's amazing...smokin hot...fuck...you guys are so sexy together, it has to be my turn...I want some dick, too. And if it's okay, I wanna try some deepthroat...fuck this's hot. I've only seen that in pornos...and they're usually gagging and choking. She made it look so easy" 

Not wanting to stop, she slammed her lips into my pubes, over and over, till finally pulling off and grinning. "Sweetie, you got a choice...his dick...or my throat?"

"Dick...I want dick. I guess you all knew, I'd go for dick. Maybe I could try your throat later?"

"You got it sweetie...I'm lookin' forward to that." I held it at the very base and teased him...slapping the big flesh over my palm, "You want this...you want this dick?"

He grinned, "Yeah I want that dick...mmmm...its hot!"

He wrapped a fist around his prize, while I pulled Robin to my lips. Her tongue played with mine and we both watched Darin. He stroked the shaft while working my balls, taking one, then the other, and then both. "Fuck, you got nice balls, heavy, low-hangers, the kind you see smothering a guy's lips." She stared with a lusty focus, as he strained to get them both in his mouth. 

"Yeah, suck'm...suck those balls...they're full, dude...mmmmmm, that feels good."

She moaned, "Yesssssss...you need to empty them in me, honey."

Darin smiled, "And me, too...empty them in me." He nestled them in his hand and cupped them, gently, while licking his way back up the swollen shaft. After reaching the top, he clamped his lips over the head, stroking the shaft and probing the slit, with his tongue.

Robin spread her legs and my fingers slid past the wet, puffy lips and into the heat. Probing upward to hit her g-spot, set her on fire...the steamy, hot sex overwhelmed my fingers.

"Oh fuck, Rob...Rob, baby that's perfect...mmmm...yeah...yeah...yessssss!" Darin went for it, bobbing up and down, over my dick, while Robin rolled her head back and humped my fingers. She was crazy hot, with one hand groping her breast, while she rubbed her clit with the other. I knew where she was and said, "Babe...that's fucking hot...yer close...try to make it last. What can I do to make you last?"

She immediately pulled her hand away, pinched her nipple and grinned, "So horny, sweetie...wanna go all night, too...you boys are hot! I almost lost it there."

I moved my dick between them for a long time, they both had their tongues overlapping and sliding over the hot flesh. They even kissed at one-point, full on, open-mouthed and with tongues. It didn't really matter because it was all about the cock, they shared...it's what they had in common.

Robin sat back and watched, "For sure...Robbie's got a dick, you never get bored with.

He smiled and wrapped his hand tighter around the thick shaft; I could feel it throb, against his hand, as blood pulsed through the veins.

Eventually my body stiffened, and my hips raised up off the couch; I felt my balls tighten, and I screamed. "Fuck! I'm close, dude...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...this load's goin'...down yer throat! Fuckkkkk!" 

Eager for cum, he pulled off enough to keep the head inside and started pumping frantically. His finger found my hole and I could feel it tighten on his finger, as waves of orgasm took my body. Robin moaned, "Rob, give it up...give it to him...shoot that load...he wants it...wants it all!"

The head swelled in his mouth, "That's it dude...that's it...yer gonna get it...mmmmm...uhhhh...uhhhh...all that cum...hot cum." As I spilled thick cream over his tongue, he jacked me and swallowed. Shot after shot, the thick, hot seed pulsed over his tongue.

Robin was rubbing hard, thrusting fingers deep into her pussy and screaming. "Gawd...m'cumming...too...yesssssss...uhhhh...uhhhh...cumming...cummmmmming...cummmming!"

He savored every drop and swished it through his mouth before swallowing. When he finally nursed me dry, he carefully placed it on my thigh; he sat on the edge of the couch, admiring the precious meat and savoring the sex on his lips. 

Robin, still winded, "Yesssss...ahhhhh...ahhhh...yessss...ahhhh, that was good. I like watching you play with our college man!" As she began to relax, she grabbed his big hardon and grinned. "It's my turn...and we still need to take care of you sweetie...you need to get off!"

He leaned way back, got her centered between his legs and took over, "I know that won't take long." 

He was right...jacking that throbbing meat, with frenzied strokes, didn't take long. Spraying long strands over her face and tits, he groaned, "Uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...oh yeah...oh yeah fuck...uhhhh...uhhhh...yeah...cummmmming...cummmmming! Uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...yesssssssssssss!"

She squealed, "Oh, baby...gimme that load...gimme that hot load!" 

She licked some from her lips, "Yeah...that was yummy, perfect for a hungry, cum-slut!" It trickled down over her tits...and I wanted to scoop it up with my tongue. My thought was that cum, from that big dick, had to be good stuff.

Once he caught his breath, he looked at me, then Robin; her delicate, freckled skin glistened with seed. "Shit, that was amazing! Remember when you guys said this'd be worth my while? I think that just happened."

He looked Robin in the eyes, "Last time I just wanted to get on your boyfriend's dick, and you guys gave me the hottest sex...ever...you know. I never expected a woman to be so...um...satisfying...for a gay man...you know. That sounded bad...sorry."

Robin reaches up to kiss him, tiny strands still bridging her lips. She gets a big grin on her face, "Sweetie, I understand what you're trying to say...I think your satisfaction's all over me...it's all good." Pulling him closer, she pressed his dick against her leg. She smiled and spoke softly, "You know...I really need cock, right now...and I want both. You ready for this?"

"I think I am."

"Well, then you can all fuck me?"

"Get over here, babe," she says as she's pulling me close and pressing her tits into me. When we kiss, our tongues swirl through her mouth and I'm introduced to the taste of another man. It was rich and musky...I had tasted mine, but never another guy. My dick pulsed even harder, when I ran my tongue over her breast. She smiled, "Mmmm...that Darin cream...is tasty...real tasty." I push my fingers through her moist labia and start pumping. She moans into my mouth, and our tongues tangle over each other, again. 

Darin admitted he was nervous, "Guys, this's my first time...my first time with a girl...sorry...a woman."

She smiled, "Sweetie, you might like it...you know. Don't be nervous...we'll make it special for you."

"Dude...she's right. Fuck, it's a night of firsts. Tonight, I tasted another guy's cum...and my first cock!"

Robin laid on her back with her knees splayed wide, high in the air. While he got between her legs and pressed his fingers into her breasts, I thought to myself, even gay men are hot for those tits. I bent down to kiss her, "Go ahead dude, check out the titties...squeeze'm...pinch those nipples."

He pressed his big dick between her lips and gradually stroked the whole shaft into her. I caught a glimpse of her beautiful smile, as he started pumping. She moaned, "Oh yeah, baby! That's sweet...that dick's good in there...Mmmmmm...my pussy likes that." 

I stood behind them...I watched his butt flex from fucking. As hot as it was to watch him fucking my girlfriend, I realized I was hot for that ass...I was smitten by a man's ass and excited by the thought of fucking it, again. I caressed the naked cheeks, digging my fingers into the smooth, muscled flesh. It was as enticing as any woman's. He moaned, "It needs your attention...go for it...it needs a good fucking, dude."

Entranced by the dick working my girlfriend, I watched her taut labia cling, gripping and soaking its girth. Below, his balls, bounced wildly and smacked deliciously into her taught ass.

She moaned, "Oh baby, play with us...it feels good...so good! Fuck Rob...give'm that big dick!"

I lubed-up and poked at the muscle, "It looks tight." Pressing between his cheeks, I teased him more, running the shaft over his pucker, "You want it, dude...you want this dick?"

He paused till I pushed inside, "Oh my god...yessss...yessss...I want...want it all!" I went slow at first, but it didn't take long for us to sync-up and start humping into each other.

He groaned, "Fuck, yer making it worth my while, again. Robin...that pussy is hot...and yer man's dick is perfect...mmmmmm...perfect!"

"What do you want, bud...you like that...uhhhh...uhhhh...you like that dick?

"Fuck...yessssss...fuck me...fuck me...gawd it feels good...so good. Fuck me fast, dude...fuck me fast...fuck me hard...that's it...yeah that's it! Use that ass...yeah...yeah...use it...use that ass...yeah!"

Robin moaned, "Darin...Darin, yer deeeeeeep...fuck it's deeeeeppp...uhhhh...uhhhh...ahhhh...fuck me, deeeeeeeeep...fuck me!"

I fucked with hard, pounding thrusts; and he synced with me, doing the same...his strokes echoed mine and I was literally fucking him into my girlfriend's pussy. Our pleasured moans filled the room; she loved the extra inches his big dick offered. Being a virgin to pussy, Robin was determined to give everything she could for his first time...her pussy worked overtime on his dick. Between her wild, sexy grin and her moans, I knew she was bearing down and milking for all she was worth.

She tried to lock her legs around the two of us but gave up; we were humping and bucking too violently, so she splayed wide and pulled her knees way back and off to the side. 

He groaned, "You two are crazy insane...uhhhh...uhhhh...fucking hot! I don't know where to start...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...this's just fucking hot! Robin, yer squeezing that dick...uhhhh...uhhhh...yesssss, Robin...Robin...yesssssss...fuck! Then, he looks over his shoulder, "Rob, fuck me...fuck me...Rob...fuck me...uhhhh...uhhhh...that's it...fuckkkkkk!" 

"So close, dude...so close...gonna cum again...fuck it out'a me...fuck it out'a me...fuck me...fuck me." A few minutes passed before I felt his body stiffen. "Oh fuck!" He moaned, "I'm cumming...already cumming...fuck! Yesssssssss...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...yessssss!" He shot deep inside Robin, the hot strands splashing over her cervix. Just like when I'm fucking her, I grabbed for his hips and kept fucking him through orgasm. 
