 With my mouth engulfing her pussy, my tongue pushed past the lips and dipped into hot musk.

"Ahhhhh...yeah...yeah...Rob...Rob, that's it...yeah!" She threw her head back, moaning and sensually rolling her hips over my face; she reached down and started stroking me. 

After a few labored breaths, she continued, barely getting words out, as pleasure from my tongue overtook her. "Fuck...uhhhh...uhhhh...Rob! Uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...Rob! Squeezing her tits tighter, she moaned louder, "Mmmmm...uhhhh...uhhhh...that tongue...yeah...do it...do the clit!" 

"God...oh god...yessssss...let me ride...uhhhh...uhhhh...yeah...let me ride that dick, sweetie."

Once she got over top, Darin lined me up and rubbed it through her lips, smearing her sex. When it pushed through, she rolled her head back, "Ahhhhh fuckkkkk! That's it...put it in...deep...fuck me! Feed me that dick...feed that...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...pussy...feed that pussy...feed my pussy...she's hungry...so fucking hungry...fuck me!"

There were more huge moans as she slid all the way down, taking it all and poking her cervix. She turned to Darin, "Ahhhhhhhhh...sweetie, gimme yours, while we fuck! Gimme yours!"

As she began riding, "Mmmmmmm...that's it...get up here and let me suck you!"

He stood to let her take it between her lips. I watched as she tried to keep it in her mouth...but she was bucking too much and he resorted to stroking, inches from her face. I reached up and swatted at his ass, "Back up, let me see ya stroke that sexy thing...wanna watch, too!"

While she rode, I was fucking back with my hips, moving just as fast...and just as hard. My skin slapped hard over her ass and the wet sounds of sex, filled the room. "Feels so fucking good...hurt me with that thing...fuck me hard...harder...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...mmmmmmmm...yesssssssss!"

"Ride me, baby girl...ride me...fuck, that's good...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...Robin...ride it...ride it hard." 

Darin stroked directly over top and moaned, "Fuck...it's good to stroke...need to cum...yeah...yeah that's good." 

He was jacking hard, trying to keep up with us, but saw my focus shift. He asked, "Want some dude?" 

"Fuck yeah...bring it on."

I licked all over, circling the head, licking down over the shaft and lapping at his balls. His big, beautiful balls were meaty and heavy...they were fucking perfect.

He moaned, "Yeah, lick'em...lick those nuts...I got several...uhhhh...uhhhh...at least several days!"

"Well, I'm here to take care of that," wrapping my lips tighter. As he fucked into my mouth, my lips rippled over his veins; it felt good to have that big dick pumping through my lips. Hearing all the sensual moans, made my dick feel like solid-steel, but the way Robin was riding, I needed steel. Darin pumped hard and fast, but skillfully just tapped at my throat to avoid any gagging. 

"Fuck yeah...fuck...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...yeah...yeah...that's it...yeah...suck me...suck...me. Keep it up...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...keep it...up!"

I knew he was gonna cum soon; his body stiffened and shuddered all at the same time. I guess I could have pulled off, but I really wanted it...I wanted it all. 

He moaned, "Rob...Rob, suck me...suck me...like that...god, keep it up...keep it up...fuck...fuck...mmmmmm...cumming...cumming...yeah...yeah...yeah!"

I felt him swell in my mouth; it was the pulse of the first strand, working up the shaft and splashing over my tongue. He rolled his hips a little, as more pulsed from the tip to hit my throat. Continuing to pump into my mouth, my lips serviced every inch of his long-veined shaft. 

Once it subsided, my attention shifted, as I swallowed; I knew Robin had to be close. 

"Rob...Rob...gimme that dick...yeah...fuck...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...fuck...fuck me...fuck me!"

Before, she was matching the pace of her ride, but now she was rubbing with greater urgency. Her breathing quickened, and her head fell back, as she reached climax. After her long, relentless cowgirl ride, she let out a long, loud moan, "Ohhhhhh! Fuckkkkk...me...fuck me...fuck me...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...yesssssssssss! Yesssssss...yessssssss...yessssssss!"

It seemed to grow from my dick and flow through her entire body. With shuddering and waves of pleasure, her body shook, as she slowed and fucked herself, taking my dick as deep as possible. "Ah...ah...ah...fuckkkkkkk...yeah...yeah...that's so good!" She breathed hard, "Rob, honey, that...ah...ah...that was perfect! Perfect baby!"

She smiled at Darin, "Sweetie, you look like you could use some, too...but its gonna taste like girl...sorry."

"Please, I can do pussy juice, as long as it's on cock...you should know that by now," flashing a mischievous smile.

"Now it's your turn big guy." His lips followed the trail of hair down over my abs. I felt his hands grab my ass cheeks, while his tongue darted all over my dick; he moaned around the thickness held in his lips. 

I responded, "Dude, I'm gonna shoot a load in yer throat...fuck! Yer good...so good...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh."

He groaned, stretched his lips wide and filled his mouth with hard, pulsing flesh. He pulled his tongue back to where he could press the very tip against the underside. 

I heard another groan deep inside his throat; I took his head in my hands and began pumping through his lips. With each stroke, I was teasing his throat; I knew he wanted it hard. He wanted to feel the fuck...he wanted to be taken and used by my alpha cock.

"Faster...faster...fuck you faster...so close...so close!"

Robin squealed, "Give him that load...all that cum...yeah baby...all of it!"

When I felt myself shudder, the warmth of my seed filled in around my dick. "Fuck...fuck...Darin...Darin!"

****

Darin had just got into town for the weekend and we were satiated...for the moment; it was exactly what we all needed. With Robin and Darin, that's the way it always was, but later that evening, things got more interesting. The old adage that reality can be stranger than fiction is so accurate, especially when it involves relationships or sex. Its wild what people do, especially behind closed doors. Robin, Darin and I had some amazing, even adventurous, sex together, but nobody had ever done anything beyond a threesome. This account transpired from a "gangbang fantasy" Robin shared with us, that evening. We sort of thought it was just a passing fantasy (or wine talking), and she wasn't all that serious, but she came back to it, in conversation. She explained how she was very satisfied with our sex-life, but sometimes fantasized about having more guys...and she wanted to be fucked, over and over. "I love the thought of being used by men...it really excites me to think about multiple guys using me like that!"

Since she seemed excited and got so explicit with details, Darin looked at me, "Rob, I think we really need to get her a gangbang."

Laughing, I dismissed it some and said, "Something to work on...it's always good to have goals."

I quietly thought about things for a couple days, thinking back to how rewarding it's been to have Darin in our lives...and then there was Tom...and Lynn. I guess I was just as interested in trying, as she was, and decided that a couple more guys had to be hot...and worth exploration. 

Within the next week, we talked it over and went through candidates, considering five different guys; one of which, was even my future boyfriend, Eric. Both Darin and Robin thought he looked like my brother, and sex with two brothers had to be hot...right? This was four or five years prior to the start of a serious relationship with Eric, but I talked them out of it. At the time, he was working for me during summer breaks and I felt that sharing your girlfriend with an employee could be awkward...you know. After all the deliberation, our final cast included Darin and I, of course, and two more guys, because she insisted that four or more were required for a "proper gangbang." I guess we didn't realize there was a gangbang etiquette, but we decided to keep it smaller. 

Anyway, Jessie and Bruce filled the #3 and #4 spots. Darin, Jessie and Bruce all hung out together, at school, so it all seemed to fall into place. Jessie was Darin's close friend and roommate. He was straight, but I always teased him about being Darin's rebound, when he got tired of us. He was the perfect pick because we knew he had the hots for Robin...even hinting about exploring a foursome, at times. To pull it all together, the cast for our gangbang included: 

Robin (my girlfriend), the slender, athletic/cheerleader-type you grow up fantasizing about. She is 5'-7" with long curly hair, a thin, shapely body and nice, perky tits. She has an amazing smile, insane fucking skills and an insatiable need for cock...the perfect girlfriend...or wife.

Rob (me) light brown hair with blue eyes and a thin, muscular build...I have a well-defined runner's body and I'm around 5' 9". Best described as insatiable, I have with a thick 8" dick, that's always rock-hard and ready. I'm bisexual and usually prefer to be a top.

Darin (my first boyfriend), the college guy that made our threesome possible, is best described as lean, muscular and a little nerdy. He's gay, but not entirely, because he can swing comfortably to bisexual. He's always ready with almost ten inches, topped with a beautiful, helmet cock-head (stout, deep purple and perfect). Darin has amazing stamina and can give anyone a good-fucking but prefers to bottom for a big dick. He's been good for us, especially me, because he's helped me explore bisexual needs that I ignored for too many years.

Jessie is a blond surfer-type, almost Scandinavian in appearance; he's Darin's roommate and probably 6' with light brown/blonde hair, blue eyes and a lanky build. He's sporting a nice dick, too; it's thick and just over seven inches. Jessie was straight and loved women, but exhibited bi-curious behavior, at times...we weren't sure what was going on. Darin had been his roommate for several semesters and wasn't sure, but Jessie's secret needs became very apparent.

Bruce is a bigger, muscular guy, probably 5' 10" with a very thick, six-inch cock and shaven. Bruce was tight with Jessie and just broke up with a girlfriend. He has darker skin and brown eyes...maybe Latino or Greek ancestry...who knows. Anyway, he looks like he spends time in the gym, a very different body-type for Robin's first gangbang. 

****

Two weeks later, we spent the weekend in Urbana and the fantasy materialized. We got home late from dinner the night before, so I brought Robin coffee; she was still passed out. Darin and Jessie were up early to get some studying out of the way. I thought they must have gone to the library. 

Darin left a note, telling us that we could meet him for lunch around 1:00, and that everything was ready for this evening. "P.S. Jessie is getting more lube!!"

*****

When everybody finally got together, later that afternoon, Robin took her place on a big ottoman that Darin borrowed from Bruce. She was buck naked, and I motioned for the guys to start; they slowly stripped off clothes, but eagerly surrounded her. 

Jessie gave each guy a bottle and I said, "I don't want you to break my girlfriend, so lube good and things are simple. If she wants things to stop, she's just going to yell stop."

"Um...Rob, honey, that's probably not going to happen...I'm excited!"

"I know sweetie, you've been excited about this all along."

Darin grinned, "And make it last guys...when yer close, pull out and switch gears."

"That's right sweetie; this's my first...I want it to last, you know."

Robin let out a trembling exhale as we moved in closer. Cut short by Bruce's probing tongue, she moaned sensually into his mouth. Her hands, at her sides, clung to the ottoman, exposing herself, and those beautiful tits. The eroticism of being used by four guys was unlike anything she had ever experienced...she quickly lost herself in the pleasures of the gangbang. 

Bruce pulled from her lips, "Jeezus...yer fuckin' hot!"

She carefully looked over each of us, "Thank you guys...this's so perfect...all these hot guys for me! I think it's time!" 

With my tongue, between her legs, I had been prepping her for bigger things. When I stood, she caught a glimpse of my dick, "Baby, that looks perfect...start things off right. Give me what I need...gimme that big guy...he's gorgeous...yeah!"

As I lubed, "Guys...I know this's a gangbang, but again take it easy; she's the only girlfriend I got. What's the rule...you remember?"

Bruce, Jessie, and Darin were almost in unison, "Don't break her!"

Stroking my fist, slowly over the lubed shaft, it really did look good; Darin smiled because I knew he was thinking same thing. 

Pushing into the little slit, forced intense moans from her lips, as it split her labia. She moaned, "God, I want it so bad! Fuck me!"

Initially, Bruce looked at me with confusion, as if to ask for permission. 

I said, "Go for it, Dude...it's a gangbang...use her."

He nodded and started pumping into her mouth, while Jessie had his hands and lips all over her tits. Darin was hanging back to watch, but he was fisting his big dick, with the anticipation of taking over for Bruce or myself. It was very apparent that he was enjoying Robin's spit-roasting.

It was amazing to watch her take it from both ends. Big beautiful cocks, going deep, repeatedly pulling out and plunging balls-deep. We took her out of this world; with everyone moaning with pleasure, the intensity in the room grew. 

Jessie spoke quietly as Robin moans met Bruce's big dick, "Fuck girl, you like this a lot...me workin' your titties and getting' fucked...jeezus!" 

When Bruce had to step aside (he was close), Jessie asked her, "You wanna help me some?" He held his big glistening dick at the base.

She grinned, "Sweetie, you know I wanna help."

As he straddled her face, he replaced Bruce and pushed into eager, almost begging lips.

Darin moved closer so she could stroke his long, white dick. Bruce did the same on the other side and moaned, "Fuck yeah! That's good...stroke me!"

With that, I nearly blew my load; my dick was just unable to take a balls-deep fucking and the sight of my girlfriend pleasuring three other guys...she was on fire. Before she realized I was out, Darin was pumping hard and I was sucking clit.

More familiar with two of us, I think she felt even more at ease and didn't last much longer. We went to town, while her whole body was shaking, and her tits jumped. It wasn't but a few minutes and she was overwhelmed with a steamy, hot orgasm. Jessie was so mesmerized, he pulled out to watch and her screams exploded, "Fuck...fuck...ahhhh...ahhhh...ahhhh...fuck...fuck...cum...cumming, don't stop...don't...don't stop!"

He moaned, "Fuck yeah...look at her fuckin' cum...she's smokin' hot, dude," and went back to stroking.

I lifted my head and looked into Darin's eyes, "Fuck'r buddy...fuck'r hard...yeah...that's it!"

Bruce stroked his girthy dick, "Damn...she's cum'n hard...fuck her...fuck her!"

There were some amazing cocks here, but Bruce's was especially noteworthy. When he wrapped his fist around the shaft, his fingers barely met. It wasn't the longest, but it was almost as thick as his wrist...and there were a few times, when I could hardly take my eyes off it. The head was large, smooth and shiny; it was wider than the shaft and it reminded me of a purple helmet. I yearned to feel it pulsing in my hands; or better yet, I wanted to hold it in my lips. I imagine he noticed my attention, because he caught me staring, but he never said anything. 

Once she finished, Darin lifted her legs up over his shoulders. He rubbed his cock up through the tiny wet gap and pushed it back inside. He leaned forward and began fucking again...slow at first. He ramped up to stroking as hard as he could; he wanted her to feel his strength. He wanted her to experience the fantasy she craved...he wanted her to feel the gangbang!

With a sexy voice, jarred by his pounding, "Darin...sweetie, fuck me! Fuck me! More...more cock...fuck me more. Fuck! Don't stop...don't stop...don't stop...fuck me!" 

I had recovered for the moment, and Jessie smiled, "I bet you want some of this?"

"Yeah...put it back in and get yourself to the edge...then pull out!"

"Dude, I'm almost there...she's good...your girlfriend's good!"

When Jessie moved aside, Darin looked at me, "Robin, go for it...deep-throat him...show'm what you can really do."

Her voice still rattled from his pummeling, "Yesssss...come here, honey...bring it on!" 

She opened her mouth wide and stretched her jaw, allowing me to go deep. With the head pushing at her throat, she took a couple big breaths, opening her throat and easing it deeper. I felt the tightness, before she pulled back briefly...then she took it all the way. I shuddered, as my dick slowly disappeared, sinking back into her throat, past the gag reflex. They all watched me pull back, sliding her lips back up the shaft, and then all the way back down...I repeated that a few times. 

I held it for five or ten seconds, and then pulled back, letting her relax, again. Once she was ready, I started pumping, Darin grinned, "Check out'r throat...check it out! Look at the bulge!"

I groaned, "Fuck! Robin...I'm in...let me fuck you...fuck that throat...yeah...yeah...like that!" 

With her face pressed into my pubes, I guess it should be obvious, but Bruce and Jessie's eyes got huge, when they saw the head outlined in her throat.

"Shit," Jessie said, "You didn't tell me she could do that...mother fucker...she can deep throat...dude! Yer girlfriend deepthroats!"

"Well, now you know...she can deepthroat...and she does it well, but don't abuse it!"

He grinned, "I know...I won't break your girlfriend! Fuck! I don't know if I could even handle it ...probably last two seconds."

While Darin and I fucked, Bruce and Jessie stroked over top, groping and grabbing at her titties. You could tell she was loving all these men...touching her...groping her...using her body...it's what she wanted.

Finally, Darin looked at us, "Sorry guys...you all need some?" 

Bruce and Jessie stuck together and quickly took his place, switching back and forth.

Darin, watching us all work, was ready to go again...I was shocked to see him lube some more, trail some through her cleavage and mount her breasts. I pondered things, thinking that maybe Darin still had a few hetero-instincts.

My attention was torn between fucking her throat and Darin's titty-fucking; his big, long dick, looked amazing, pumping through her tits. 

At this point, I thought her gangbang fantasy had surely come true; she was stroking cock, while we moved from her pussy to her mouth to her tits. We all used her body for pleasure, fucking her, over and over; the four of us circled her body like a sex buffet, satisfying our hunger...and hers. 

I moved aside for Jessie. When he shoved into her, she tasted pussy and anxiously sucked it clean. "Mmmmm...I taste myself!" I knew she was probably destined to lick her sex from each us, before things were done. 

It was Bruce's turn, and he was fucking with long, hard strokes. Bruce had some nice meat between his legs...it was thick and shaven...and she liked it. At my side, Darin was stroking his dick and watching him fuck with hard jackhammer strokes; her whole body was quivering with the sensation of fulfillment. Darin grinned, "Looks like she likes things." 

"Yeah...it seems like she likes it all...fuck'r Bruce...fuck'r with that big dick...she loves it, dude! Fuck'r!"

I reached down and stroked a little, till I saw her tits bouncing. "Hey dude, jump on those tits...she's got gorgeous tits." He smiled and nodded, "They feel really good on your dick...but I think it's your turn, dude."
