 For the full effect of the story, I would suggest that your read chapters 1 and 2 before you read this one.  

Also, this is a fantasy story--so give me a break on the MOURNING PERIOD please!

*

When I awoke the next morning, it took me a minute to get my bearings, so to speak. With a naked woman on both sides of me, and a strange room too. But then I remembered the night before, (What a night!) and got up and went to the shower. I found some mouth wash and rinsed my mouth out and then headed to the kitchen. I was working on breakfast when Sandra came out in a white bathrobe. 

"Would you rather go out and get some breakfast, or I can fix something here, your choice hon!" as she stepped close to me and kissed me lightly on the lips.

"Do you have time for breakfast? What time do you have to be at work?" I asked. 

She looked at the clock...6:35 AM. She said, "I think I can shower and eat in two and a half hours hon! I don't have to be there till 9:00 AM."

"OK, you want to get Charlene up, or do you want me to?" I asked raising my eyebrows, knowing what her answer would be.

"No, you get her up, she might need to play before she showers, if not, send her to shower with me." She answered, smiling.

I put everything back in the cabinets that I had gotten out for breakfast and finished my cup of coffee. I went in to wake Charlene up. She was lying there with the covers pulled all the way up to her neck, so I slowly pulled them off of her. Damn this girl had a fine body!! Pretty red hair, good face, great tits, small waist, nice round hips and butt!! This girl just exuded sex!!! She was lying on her right side, so I knelt down by the bed, looking right into her face and slid my right hand between her legs right against her pussy and leaned over and took her left nipple in my mouth and sucked hard on it. She slowly opened her eyes and smiled at me and said "That's the best wake up call I've had in a long time!!"

I released her nipple and said "Sandy is in the shower, if you want to jump in with her, orrrrr....you can roll over on your back and get abused by this old man!! Your choice, then we'll go out for breakfast."

She rolled over on her back and spread her legs and said "You can start your breakfast right here old man."

I crawled up on the bed and went down between those long smooth legs and started licking that shaved smooth mound and the lips just below it. She got a hand full of hair and pulled me in tight. I licked and sucked on her pussy for a few minutes, then I moved up and got her clit in my mouth and sucked it hard and lightly bit down on it. She moaned and arched her back up trying to get me better access. My cock got hard just looking at her sleeping there naked so I was ready! As soon as I felt like her pussy was wet enough, I crawled up between her legs and she reached and got my cock and guided it in to her wet pussy. I sunk it in all the way and she just moaned and raised her legs and put her heels on my back and pulled me down to her. She had a wonderfully tight pussy and she knew how to work her ass! I was sure neither of us would last too long this morning. In just a few minutes she was digging into my back with her nails (which turns me on greatly) and then she started talking trash!! "Come on asshole, fuck me like you mean it! Harder man, slam that fucking cock in deep!!! Make me hurt!! I love to have my pussy abused, so fuck me good!!" And on and on. I love to have a woman talk nasty to me when she is enjoying herself!!

We only lasted a few more minutes and Charlene started humping really hard and fast. "Make me cum, dammit! Fuck I am so hot, oh fuck, I'm ready Robert!! Pound my ass into the floor!!! Aieeeaieee!!!!Oh yes Robert, shoot me some baby!!!" And I did, I blasted her hot pussy with a good load of my hot cum and she just wiggled that much more!

When I finished cumming, I rolled over to the side of her and saw Sandra standing there watching us. She just smiled and said "Damn her, ain't she a great fuck?"

"Oh hell yeah, she is good! You are too!! I like doing both of you!!!" I said.

"Charlene, get your nasty ass in the shower, so we can go eat breakfast. Some of us have to work around here" Sandy said to her, in her best imitation of an angry voice. 

Charlene got up, cupped her hand over her pussy to catch the leak, headed for the bathroom and looked at Sandy and said "Bossy bitch!" But she was smiling, so it was ok. Sandra proceeded to get ready for work, clothes, make-up, all that stuff. I went to the kitchen and got more coffee and got Sandra a cup too. I drank mine as she was getting ready. 

Charlene came out of the bathroom with a towel wrapped around her ass, but nothing covering the top. Damn little tease. She started getting her clothes together and then stopped and looked at me and said "I give you pussy and you won't even get me a cup of coffee? You're an asshole Robert!" She smiled.

I jumped up and went and got her a cup of coffee and came back and handed it to her and said "Your coffee madam, will there be anything else?'

"Fuck you Robert!" she said and she and Sandra laughed. Of course I had to laugh too, but said "Anytime you want to baby!"

She finished dressing and we left Sandra's house and went a couple miles down the road and had breakfast at a little place that Sandra stopped at frequently. 

As we sat and ate, I got Charlene's address and phone number, instructions not to come to her house to pick her up, because she lived with her sister and her sister would "have a fit" if she was going out with a man old enough to be her father! But she didn't have a problem with my age. So call her and we'd meet somewhere. Works for me!!

Of course I got Sandra's phone number too, along with her address, in case I got lost going back to it again. 

After breakfast, we all went to the parking lot and there was a lot of hugging and kissing between all of us, and promises to see each other again. Charlene even thanked me for the opportunity to have a threesome!! Of course I thanked both of them for that opportunity myself!

I drove on home, went in and took a shower and cleaned myself up a bit. While I was in the shower, the phone rang, so I went and checked the answering machine. It was the Dealership, calling to let me know that my truck was in and was being checked over and serviced, so I could come get it that afternoon. I hung up and called Sandra at the trailer lot and told her the truck was in and I would be able to pick up the trailer in the morning, to have it checked out and whatever else they have to do to it to get it ready to roll. I was kind of anxious now, to get it together and get on the road.

I called my attorney and checked on the insurance money from Trish's death, and told him what to do with it. Then I called the bank and told the manager that there was a large sum of money in the form of a check coming via my attorney and that he was to pay for my truck and my travel trailer with it. I would also need some traveler's checks to take with me. With all that settled, I spent the rest of the morning and part of the afternoon cleaning the house and getting it ready to set empty for a while. I made myself notes on what all I had to do before I left as I thought of them. You know, things like notify the police that you will be gone for an extended period, cancel the newspaper, call the post office to forward my mail to my sister's house. Make arrangements to have the grass cut, just so many things to do!!! Also call the burglar alarm monitoring people and let them know my plans. Also to give them my cell phone number to call me on if need be.

I guess when I call my younger sister tonight, I could talk little Andrew (Andy is what he goes by) into taking care of the yard for me. Maybe I could also get Alyssa to come over now and then and water the inside plants and dust or what ever inside the house. Of course they would get paid for this. Yeah, that was a good idea.

I went out and cleaned out my "old" truck. Put everything in the garage for later placement in the new truck. Then I went back in a called Sandra about the trailer. I couldn't remember if it had some kind of power source to keep the refrigerator running or not. Surely they do! 

I also needed to do some serious grocery shopping!! I was concerned that things might spoil, if I was a few days in between electrical hook-ups. 

Finally at about 3:30 PM, I drove on down to the dealership to pick up my new truck. Man what a truck it was!!! Beautiful paint color, chrome wheels, big rear-view mirrors, lights all over and a lid to cover the bed in case of inclimate weather. The trailer hitch was already installed and ready to go. I requested a mechanic come out and go over all the ins and outs of running a diesel truck and how to best take care of it. After that, I was ready to hit the highway! I decided to drive over to my sister's house instead of calling.

It was a good visit with my sister and her family. Her husband said he would drive over periodically and check on the house and I would give them an address now and then to forward my mail to me by FEDEX or whatever. The kids happily agreed to take care of the yard and the house. So I was all set. I went home and called my other sister to let her know that I would be gone for a while, no I didn't know how long, and no, I didn't know where to. I was just going. 

I watched some TV and made a grocery list for the trailer. Then I called Emily at school. I hadn't talked to her since she left. 

"Emily honey, it's your Uncle Robert!" I said when she answered the phone. 

"I know that!!! I know your voice Robert. How are you? Have you been staying out of trouble?" she asked.

"Well, ok, Fine, and NO, and It's all your fault!!! You little lovable brat!! You have got a good spanking coming when I see you again!" I said.

"Why Robert? What did I do? That you didn't like anyway? As if I didn't already know!" she laughed.

"Anyway sweetheart, I have my new truck, and I pick up the camper tomorrow morning and I figure I should be on the road by the weekend. Any suggestions where I should go first? Other than your place?" I asked.

"Well, Trish was always fond of the beach, especially Myrtle Beach. She told me that you like that place too because of the women running around for you to look at. You old pervert!!!"" She said and laughed. "Remember where we stayed that last time we were there? Well, if you noticed, just down the street and over a couple of blocks was a pretty nice looking camp ground for motor homes and travel trailers. You might try there! Who knows, you might find some little hot "Trailer Trash" in there that you can hook up with!"

"Oh yes, I remember seeing that place, but I have no idea what the name of it is. I'll check with the travel directors at the SC state line Welcome Center. Maybe they have a listing for it. Now, what's going on at UT? I know that there must be some good stories and gossip from there! Anything that I'd be interested in hearing?"

"No, nothing you'd be interested in hearing. Of course if we had time, I could tell you about a couple of orgies that happened over the past month that I hadn't heard about before I came home. But I'll save those juicy details for when we are together, alone. Are you going to come by and visit me here soon? Or are you going to make me wait till Thanksgiving? Which reminds me, how was Sandra....I mean how IS Sandra?" She chuckled as she asked that.

"That, little lady, is why you are going to get a naked ass spanking the next time I see you!!!" I said.

"Why? What do you mean Sir?" she asked in her imitation 'shocked' voice.

I laughed and said "You little hussy, you set me up...You went and told her to seduce me, didn't you? Admit it now!"

She laughed and said "Now Robert, would I do something like that to my favorite uncle?"

"YES!!! I know you would!! Knowing that devious mind of yours, you did it because you figured I needed some, and I wouldn't let you do it for me! Am I right?" 

"Robert!!! Where on earth did you get the idea that I would do something like that? She asked, still putting on that she was shocked.

"OK, you can play that game now, but when you are bent over my knees, getting your ass beaten, you'll sing a different tune!!" I said, laughing.

"Anyway honey, you probably need to get back to your studies and I need to get to bed. Us old folk need our rest, you know!" I said.

"Ok,... Robert, honey, I miss you and I love you!!! I love you so much!!!" She said.

"I miss you and love you too honey. I'll keep in touch and let you know what my plans are as I make them, OK?" I answered, really wishing I could talk to her a lot longer. But she needs her study time. So we hung up and I got ready and went on to bed. 

I got up Wednesday morning and fixed myself some coffee and breakfast and thought about what to do, in what order for today. After I finished and cleaned everything up, I went out and took a mental inventory of the tools that I had always carried in my truck, and how much room they took up. Then I went to the local Do-It-Yourself hardware store and bought a few new tools that I knew I would need and a toolbox to put everything in. Then I returned to the house, cleaned up the old tools that needed it and put everything in the toolbox and put it in the truck. Man I sure do like those spray-in bed liners!! They don't let anything slip and slide all over the place. I called Sandra and told her that I was ready to come and pick up the trailer. She was delighted that my truck had come in early and I was able to get everything together so quickly. I drove down to the lot and Sandra had one of the maintenance people come out and show me how it hooks up, what to watch for and be careful with, you know, all that stuff. Then we went around the outside of the trailer and everything was explained and demonstrated for me, then we went to the inside and did the same thing. When we finished, he had me sit in the driver's seat and check the mirrors for their ability to see around the trailer. We decided that I really needed to have a set of removable extension mirrors mounted so I could have a good clear view of the sides of the trailer. So we pulled it into the shop and a crew set about mounting them and demonstrating how to mount and dismount them. 

While it was in the shop, the maintenance man put some chemicals on board for the toilet and had a crew check all the stored piping for damage, etc. Sandra then came out with the delivery order for me to sign. I asked her what she was doing that evening and she smiled and said "Whatever you need me to be doing, Robert."

"Well, in your down time this afternoon, how about making a list, a grocery list, of items that I will need to put in this thing for a basic ..ah....inventory, if you will. You know, spices, ketchup, that sort of thing. I would hate to be in the middle of cooking a meal and find I'm missing something. Then you can go grocery shopping with me." I said, knowing that is not what she expected to hear.

"Sure, I can do that. It'll be just like moving from home into my apartment! I remember that very well!" 

I said my 'Thank You' s and got in the truck and went home. As I approached the house, I decided that since it was early in the day, I could do some practicing on backing the trailer into my driveway, as there was practically no traffic on our street during the day. So I did that a few times until I was kind of used to the way the trailer reacted to being backed. I did it from the left side and the right side of the driveway, so I could get the feel of it. Then I backed it up close to the garage and parked it. I went inside the house and started looking through my closet and the hall closet (where I kept my activity gear) and started thinking about what needed to move to the closet in the trailer. Like my swim trunks, hiking boots, hiking pants, gloves, walking stick, all that stuff. Of course I had to put in a couple of sets of nice casual clothes, just in case I wanted to go out anywhere!

I went back out and pulled the power cable into the garage and plugged it in so I could have lights in the trailer. 

Oh yes, I would need some sheets and pillow cases too, and maybe even a blanket or two.

Later I went in and cleaned up again, so I would be presentable for Sandra and then , very carefully and slowly I backed Trish's car out of the garage and let me tell you it was hard to do; knowing that she would never sit in that seat again. But I finally got hold of myself and went to meet Sandra. We went to Wally World's big super store near where she lives because I had thought of a few things I might need from the sporting goods dept., like a good lantern, flashlight, bug repellent, and who knows what else!! I'd just have to look around. Then we hit the groceries. A lot of canned and boxed items! Freezer space is very limited in a camper trailer!! We picked up some of those rubber/plastic storage containers so I could store stuff in them in the back of the truck!!

We drove home and took all the bags out of the car and put them in the trailer. Then I took Sandra to dinner and back to her place for some fun. This girl loves sex!!! She rubbed my leg and talked trash all the time I was driving. At dinner, she rubbed my leg with her foot and tried to get her foot up on my chair so she could get to my cock, but the table was just a little too big and she couldn't reach it. When we got back to her place, she made us a cold drink and we went to the bedroom and undressed. She was itching to get in bed again. She was begging me to hurry up and get undressed, and I purposely took my time, just to tease her a bit more. When I laid down on the bed, I started kissing her face and neck, and had intentions of kissing my way down her body, but she got me by the hair and pulled me back up and said "Dammit, Robert, can't you see that I need that hard cock in me right now? Get on your back and let me have it, Please!!!!! Fuck! I need it baby!!!"

I rolled over onto my back and she immediately straddled my hips and sat down on my thighs. She grabbed my cock and started slowly pulling on it, pumping up and down on it, rubbing my balls!! Then she raised up and wriggled her ass into position and put her pussy right on the head of my cock and just held it there for a minute. She moaned and hung her head down and whispered "Oh fuck, you have no idea how good that fucking thing feels inside me, Robert!!! I live for that feeling!!!"

"Well, You should feel it from this side too baby!! You are so warm, and tight, and so wet!!!! I just want to slide all the way up inside you till my dick comes out your mouth, you feel so good!!!! I whispered back to her. "Now ride that thing bitch, like you mean it!!!" I yelled at her.

She did, she just sank down on it till it was all the way in her as far as it would go. I grabbed her hips and held her there, savoring the feeling, then I turned her loose and humped my ass up to drive up into her harder. There was no doubt in my mind that this lady loved to be fucked by the right person. She moaned and groaned and squealed and made all sorts of noise as she rode my cock like she might never get another one! I have been with a few women in my time, but I don't think I have ever been with anyone that could move her hips the way Sandra could! She moved in all directions, at different speeds, she knew what she liked!! It was all I could do just to stay inside her and hold onto her hips! Of course I wasn't being so quiet myself. When I feel good, I have to let them know about it. Soon Sandra's rhythm got off and she was making jerky movements and I knew she was on the edge. Then she raised up and sank back down on my hard cock and ground our pelvics together. Her eyes were wide open as she looked at me and said OHHH MYYY GAWD!!!!!!!! II"MMM CUMMMMMINGGG SOOO HARDD!!!!!!! ROBERT!!!!!! OH FUCK!!!!!! YYEESSSSSSS!!!!! And then she just collapsed on me. I was ready to cum too, but I'm glad she stopped moving...I could get her again as soon as she recovered!!!! So I just laid there and held her and kissed her ear and neck and rubbed her back while she rested.
