 Let me start by saying I don't think of myself as insensitive it's just I don't care for large women. I mean I don't have a 'No Fat Chicks' bumper sticker on my truck or anything like that but I have always preferred my woman slender and athletic looking. Now that being said, let me start my story.

I work for one of the big furniture storerooms where it seems like everything we sell comes in a box about three inches high including a bag full of screws. In fact, one of my duties is putting together display pieces and believe me none of them are easy. As I was ready to leave work one Friday my boss asked me for a big favor, it seemed they had left the bed frame out of a customer's order. When my boss noticed the address was on my way home he asked me to deliver it for him. I didn't want to do it but I knew he would owe me big time and really I had nothing planned for Friday night anyway. I was lucky enough to find parking right in front of the building but that was where my luck ran out. I had to schlep this king size bed frame up two stories and then who opens the door, this big ol' fat girl. I was asked to put it in the bedroom and in the bedroom was another big ol' fat girl.

The two immediately began to try to convince me to assemble their bed for them. Their names were Heather and Jolie and really, they were kind of funny but what got me to help was the offer of a home cooked meal. Like I said, I had no plans for the evening and was probably going to end up in a fast food joint for supper. I said I would do it but I would need one of them to help for it seemed you always needed three hands putting these things together. Heather said she would help, as Jolie was the best cook, so off went Jolie to the kitchen. The more she helped the more I got to stare down her blouse at her huge knockers and I have to tell you it was kinda turning me on. The bed was not that hard but I made a big production out just to make sure they thought I earned my meal. Heather and I got the mattress on just as Jolie called out that it was time to eat.

Oh, my god what a meal, I mean I love Italian but this was something special. There were two kinds of pasta and two kinds of sauce plus antipasto. We drank two bottles of Chianti and I think we were all a little tipsy as all three of us were laughing at everything. Jolie announced that they had a special desert just for me and when I asked what it was, she said it was them. She came over to me and we began making out, then Heather came up behind me and began to run her hands through my hair. I have to say it I was being turned on by the both of them.

We took it the bedroom and their new bed, where Heather undressed me while Jolie continued kissing me. As soon as I lay down Heather climbed on top and I put my throbbing cock inside her. I invited Jolie to sit on my face saying I wanted to pleasure her. As she rode my face, I looked up to see Heather rubbing her tits from behind. It didn't take Jolie to cum and as she did she flooded my face with her juices, and I found myself cumming right after her. Heather got off me and with Jolie still on my face she bent over and licked my spunk out of Heather making her climax at last.

Heather left the room and Jolie and I chatted until she returned with a tray bearing a cheesecake covered in strawberries and some sort of rich topping. Along with the dessert, there was a bottle of port and some glasses. Heather said, "Let's just say this will be our little intermezzo between courses." The cake was so rich and it just melted in your mouth, the port was heavy and was the perfect choice to go with the cake. We sat there naked eating and drinking and you just knew it would turn to sex. Jolie took a finger full of cheesecake and tabbed it on my chest then licked it off. Then not to be out done Heather dipped her large nipple into her port and then offered it to me. Before long, we were as we were before except now, Jolie was on my cock and Heather was on my face. This time however, Heather sat facing Jolie and with my face buried in the cheeks of her ass, she made out with Jolie and this time we all came.

As we, all lay on their new bed I asked the girls what they did. Jolie said, "Heather plays the cello for the concert orchestra. Robb you have to hear her play. Heath, please, you know you want to." That is just what she did still naked with her boobs hanging over the top of her instrument she played. "I always pretend my cello is a man between my legs and I am trying to play him into climaxing and when I do it naked like this I can almost make myself cum from my fantasy."

I awoke in the morning wrapped in an envelope of flesh. My face was between two large boobs, there was a large thigh across me and a hand was holding my cock. I lay there thinking, well that was a fun evening, now if I could just untangle myself and not wake anyone, I could escape and never be heard from again. There was just one problem; all of this soft flesh I was wrapped up in felt divine. I found I didn't want to escape I wanted more. I began to study the sleeping girls and noticed they really were quite different. Last night they were just two fat girls but as I lay here between them, I could see that Jolie was quite fair with hair so light that she didn't even bother to shave her armpits. I noticed this because I was staring right into one only inches away and it looked like a fine fur. I then remembered as she sat on my face seeing the faint line of hair going from her pubes to her belly. It was then I could tell it was her leg draped across me, as it too was covered in a very fine fur that was soft to the touch. I had never been with a girl who didn't shave her body but I found Jolie soft fuzz somewhat sexy.

I managed to turn around without waking either girl so now I could stare at Heather. She was had dark hair and lots of it and I could tell she shaved everywhere. I could also see in her pits that she had stubble and was in need of a fresh shave but then I was too. Heather had beautiful full lips full and just so kissable, in fact so kissable I reached over and kissed them. This woke her up and when she realized she had her hand on my cock, she began to massage it. Once she had me erect she bent down and put me between those luscious lips. All of this movement woke Jolie and soon I was sucking her large nipples. It didn't take me long to erupt in her mouth but instead of swallowing me, she rose up and shared my issue with her friend. They next invited me to bathe with them and when I saw the size of their tub, I agreed and we all had a whirlpool tub experience. 

After our bath, Jolie fixed us an extraordinary breakfast with some kind of soufflé that was to die for and I gorged myself. During our meal, Jolie asked if I would accompany them to the concert hall to see Heather perform a solo that night. I just said yes without thinking, they were so excited I was glad I had agreed to it. It was a busy day they both had to go get gussyed up and I had to go find somewhere to rent a tux. I had never been to anything like this before and had no idea what I was getting myself into but I was to learn soon enough.

We sat in the front row and we brought flowers for Heather. Jolie said that her solo was the intermezzo between the first and second movements (and believe me there was no cheesecake involved). I had shivers running through me as she performed. She stared into my eyes the whole time and I remember thinking I wish she were naked. When she finished I threw roses at her feet and she received a standing ovation.

We three went to dinner-linked arm in arm to one of the many theater restaurants by the concert hall. Believe me, I had never felt prouder of any woman on my arm as I did with my two girls that evening. In the dinner house, patrons kept coming by our table congratulating Heather on her performance. She was beaming, as was Jolie who was proud of her roommate. As for me, I felt that I wanted the evening to never end.

I have to say that night changed my life, I learned that what people thought of your date had very little to do with your own happiness. Those two overweight women taught me a lot about life and although the sex with the both of them was the best I had ever had, it was more than just sex. I have learned it's not the size of the panties the girl is in it's the size of the heart of the girl in the panties. They taught me to enjoy life to laugh more to eat better and going to the theater meant more than just a movie.

As for the sex, I can't imagine how it could get any better. I have had the good fortune to be involved in group sex before but it had always ended up feeling strange. There always seemed to be a tinge of jealousy coming into play but we three enjoy each other and no one ever is left out. We have had it in every way possible including a four-way with Heather's cello. This was special just to fulfill a fantasy she had, she sat on my face at the end of the bed reverse cowgirl style, and while she played her cello, I licked and sucked her clit until she had an explosive orgasm. She came so hard she actually got her juices on her instrument. While we were doing all that Jolie was sitting on my cock, kissing Heather's neck, and nibbling on her ear. We have even brought the girls strap on in to some of our play and both of them like the feeling of double penetration using the strap-on and me. In fact, Heather used the strap-on to take me in the bum as I fucked Jolie. 

I guess all of this comes down to the question of how our trio will end up. I can't honestly say but I know we three are happy and as far as I'm concerned, it can last forever.