 The phone rings, "Hey Rob...how's it goin?"

"Really good...how'bout you? I know its finals week...I'm sure your feeling some stress."

"You got that right, but I got through most of them, already...one more and it's not till Friday morning. I'm really looking forward to our weekend together...but I...um...can't really wait."

I suspected by the tone that something was wrong, "What d'ya mean? Things okay?"

He was awkward, "Well...I guess this's a bootie call...I'm so fucking boned-up. You guys wouldn't be available tonight...maybe we could go to that farm? I would drive back here tonight...or I could tell my parents I need to get out of Urbana...and sleep there." He laughed, "After you fuck me in two, of course." 

"Dude, you got a plan...fuck, I've been there...I'd fuck you right now, if I could. I know Robin will be down for a bootie call, but I have to see where she's at." 

"Yeah, that's what I hoped to hear."

"Let me call; she's visiting a college with Chris, today...and I don't know when they're getting back,"

"Let's just plan to meet at that Diner near the second exit, outside of town...about 5? Park in the back so nobody sees you and I'll pick you up...I'll call Robin and see what's up. It might be me, alone, or both of us; either way, you'll get some relief...sound good?"

"Sounds great...see you at 5...I'm on the way."

*******************************************

I picked him up at the diner; the secretive rendezvous went off as planned and we were able to conceal his visit from the family and Chris. I pulled up next to him and he jumped into the car, "I'm sorry this's so last minute...but I wanted to see you guys. I'm so fucking on edge...the stress of finals week and crazy horny...you know. I know we gotta avoid Chris, but I thought maybe we could surprise Robin, by going to that farm."

"Yeah, she'd love that, but they aren't back till 8...or maybe 9. I thought it was earlier, but I called right after we got off the phone...let's just go back to the house...maybe save the farm, till Robin can be here...you know."

He seemed a little disappointed, until he realized that it would be just us. He smiled, "Dude, it's the two of us, then...a boy's night! Sounds fucking hot!" 

I guess since we were, in the car, driving, he started talking about an experience he had in the back of a car, several months ago. Of course, I shared some things Robin and I had done in the car. I didn't go into it all, but the conversation had my dick swelling...his too. 

He reached over to squeeze the bulge, and our eyes met, "I think you're ready?"

"Mmmm...yeah, go for it. I need some relief, too."

He pulled my pants open and had it pumping through his lips, in a matter of seconds; lust-charged moans filled the cab, as I tried to drive. We were only about a quarter mile from home, but I could hardly wait to get back. I was thinking sex would work better, if we were parked in the garage...and not flying down the road.

"Shit...keep that up...mmmmmmmmm...that...that's good. Dude stay down...we're passing your parent's house...keep low."

He pulled off and laughed, "I like this...it's hot...exciting...you know. We'll have to tell Robin." 

"Oh, we will...she's a little jealous, but she made a point that we'd be making up for it, this weekend."

"Mmmmm...that sounds fun."

I pranked him, and he asked, "Who're you waving at?"

"Just waving to your parents."

"Seriously?"

"No, just fuckin' with you."

He grinned and went back, wrapping his lips around the head and starting a slow, sensuous descent down the shaft. Sucking every inch of the veiny flesh, he took it as deep as his throat allowed. He started going harder and faster, with loud slurping and moans. I felt it throb in his lips, "Yeah...that's good...feels good...dude...suck it...suck me...yeah...ahhhhh...yeah. Fuck...Darin...uhhhh...uhhhh...suck me...suck that dick...suck me...uhhhh...uhhhh!" 

I pulled into the garage, braked fast and closed the door behind us. He had my cock so wet, spit was running down over my balls. I pumped into his mouth a few more times before smiling, "Come on let's do it in back." 

Darin jumped out the door, and I dropped the tailgate; he immediately dropped to his knees. "No, let's lay you in back and fuck that mouth more."

He grins, "I'm in...you can do me anyway...anytime." 

I got him on his back, in the bed of the truck, with his head hanging off the tailgate. I stood in his face and loosened my pants again; it stood tall but sprang forward and arched out from my groin. I bounced it around, thumping it over his face. But the teasing didn't last long, "Suck me, dude. Take it...take that dick...get on it."

"Mmmmmm...that's hot...Robin's lucky...but so am I." He moaned and obediently grabbed it, pushing it between his lips. His tongue went crazy, wildly licking all over. I pulled out to let him work the very tip. Carefully licking every bit of the swollen crown, he parted his lips and started driving it deeper. I moaned, "Yeah, fuck...that's good. Mmmmmmm...suck it...suck me!" 

Grabbing his chin and tipping his head down lower, I pushed into his mouth, as far as it would go. Slowly, I started to pump, in and out...in and out; I held his head steady and thrust through his lips, teasing his gag reflex. He took, every inch he could handle; the rock-hard flesh glistened from his spit, as I fucked with long, deliberate strokes. 

It wasn't long before he started masturbating. Laid out in the back of the pickup, both hands were wrapped around that big dick and frantically stroking. I pulled my dick out and held it in my hand. It was soaked with his spit and I taunted, "You got me all wet...want it in yer ass? Wanna feel it in yer ass?" 

"Fuck yeah," he groaned with a big grin. "Fucker, you know I want it...you need to get on me...fuck me with that big dick!" 

"Well, turn around and gimme some."

"Want me to bend over the tailgate?"

"Yeah, jump down here and bend over."

He pushed his hot, ass-cheeks up into the air, "I like this." Continuing to tease, I shoved a finger into the heat and probed deeper. Spreading his cheeks with his hands, he moaned, "Ahhhh...yeah...yeah...put yer dick in...put that dick in me!" 

"Feels good, doesn't it? Is this what you want?" 

"Yeah, but I want that dick...gimme some, dude! Fuck me...I want ya to split me in half with that thing...fuck me!"

When I pressed the head in, he trembled and shook, as I pushed deeper. I grabbed his ass and thrust the entire length, deep into his gut. He let out a big moan, "Ahhhhhhhhh...duuuuuude! Mmmmmmm...that's good...deep. Yeah...that's exactly what I need...yeah...fuck me!"

"You ready for some serious fucking?" 

"You bet...fuck me!" He moaned, as I started pumping his ass, "Ahhhhhh...yeah...yeah...fuck...me...fuck me!"

I responded, "Uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...is that good? We both need it...is it good to get fucked?" 

He gasped, like I was fucking the wind out of his body, "Yeah...yeah...yessssssss...it's good to get...uhhhh...fucked...fuck me...fuck me hard! I'm so fuckin' horny, Rob...fuck me hard...uhhhh...uhhhh...split me open with that dick...yeah...yeah...yeah, that's it!"

I pulled out and flipped him onto his back. Spreading his legs, wide, I put them over my shoulders. With one hand wrapped around his dick, I guided myself into his ass with the other. Moaning wildly while I pumped his ass, he rolled his head back and forth. I had him in my hand, stroking him closer, but I needed to focus. "Dude take over...stroke yer meat for me...just wanna fuck that ass. That's it...stroke that dick...wanna watch, while we fuck!" 

He raised his head, looking down at the dick, pumping his ass. "Fuck me, dude...uhhhh...uhhhh...fuck me...that's sweet...sweet dick...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...yeah...yeah...yeah...feels good...so good."

He laid his head back down and closed his eyes, "Yeah...keep going...fuck me...stretch me...fuck me! Fuckkkkkkkk! I'm so horny...so fuckin' horny...fuck me hard...don't stop...don't stop...fuck me...fuck me!" 

He let out loud moans and bucked his hips; I had to grab hold of his body to keep him steady. "Rob...Rob...gonna cum...fuck me...fuck...me...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...fuck me...cumming...cumming...cumming...yeah...yeah...yeah...yeah!" He pumped shiny strands over his belly...and spread his mouth wide, hoping to catch some. 

I needed release, too; I slammed deep to feel his heat...to feel his muscle work over my dick. I paused and held it inside, while he worked it with his ass. It seriously rivaled the best pussy; he'd rock back and forth or do a circular motion, while he squeezed. His beautiful, manly cock had barely softened; it flopped over his groin, as I resumed the pounding thrusts, into his ass. I groaned, "I'm gonna fuck you...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...hard...fuck you hard. Can you feel it...feel me fucking you hard, dude?" 

"Yeah fuck me...take my ass...squirt into me...squirt in my ass! Love it...that's it, fuck me...fuck me hard...shoot in me...shoot in me!" 

The wild orgasm and begging were too much...I felt the heat pushing up through the swollen shaft. My whole body shuddered, as I stroked the base, pumping a load into his ass. "Uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...fuck...cumming...cumming...Darin...cumming...breeding...breeding that ass...yeah! Yeah!"

Stroking out the last drops, I was able to stand more at ease. Eventually, I was breathing easier and pulled his legs from my shoulders, to where they dangled from the tailgate. 

He smiled, "Dude, that was fucking hot! 

I couldn't miss the big dick, bobbing over his belly; he was still hard as a rock. "Shit Darin, you weren't kidding...you're still all horned up." I grabbed his dick, "Let me do you again...I need to make this trip worth your while, dude."

He laughed, "Robin would be proud...stroke it for me dude?"

"I think we could do better...let's go in and get some lube."

"Sounds good...I need to wipe." He laughed, "I think you're dripping from my ass."

I laughed, too, "You are...or I am...Meet you in the bathroom, then."

He cupped his hand under his butt, "If I can make it."

"Just be careful...you know how clean she keeps everything...no cum on the carpet."

He burst into laughter, "She'd be proud of your effort to keep the carpet cum-free."

I followed him through the house, thinking he was as hot as Robin, but with male characteristics. His athletic stature, almost 6', was lean with smooth, defined abs and pecs...a marble sculpture. He was a fucking marble sculpture.

I caught a glimpse of the enormous dick, hanging between his legs; it had a sensuous swing when he walked. I felt mine pulsing back to full staff. After he took care of things, I parked him on the sink, spread his legs and worked lube over that beautiful dick. It felt heavy to my grasp and I started to stroke my fist over the shaft. "Dude, feel good?"

"Mmmmmm...ahhhh...ahhhh...yeah...yeah...Rob, it feels good...so good...keep that up...stroke me." 

It wasn't long before I was watching that thick shaft, disappear into my mouth. His deep appreciative moans met my muffled grunts, as he pushed it deeper. Placing his hand over the back of my head, he pumped through my lips. He held it deep for a second; it felt warm in my mouth and I could feel it pulsing...something I never tire of. Together, we pushed it to my throat and he started pumping into me. I took it as deep, as I could, pausing to suck and swirl my tongue over the tip. Spit ran from my lips and I felt the head probing and poking at my throat. I love to slide the entire length, really slow, through my lips, to feel each tiny vein...every detail. Again, pausing at the head, I flicked with my tongue and teased the ridge; over and over, it made his whole-body shudder.

Spreading a little further, "Ahhhhhhhh...suck me, dude...suck me! Fucccckkkk, that's good! Suck that dick...feels so fuckin' good!" He was panting and moaning as if he was getting close. Gripping tighter, "Mmmmm...Rob...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...that's right, suck that big thing."

"Ohhhhh fuck...close...yer gonna make meeeee ccccuummmm...uuuggh!" He grunted as his hips bucked violently towards release. Bracing myself, I pulled off, so I could swirl my tongue over the tip, while I stroked the shaft. His body tensed, and his cock practically exploded; the seed hit my chest and spilled down over my hand.

While he was coming down from the high, I rubbed it all over my chest. He tweaked one of my nipples and shook his head, "Shit, dude! I forgot...they're gonna be back in an hour or so...we need to find our pants."

"Yeah, if it was just Robin, I'd say forget pants and get ready for the all-nighter...we wouldn't be sleeping much at all." I laughed, "By the way, you better be rested this weekend."

"I know...I don't really wanna leave, but I need to be gone before Chris gets home and starts asking questions. I need to get back and study, anyway." He looked into my eyes and stroked his hand over my dick, "But, dude, I really needed this...you know...thank you." 

"You can have that anytime...It's all good...I needed it, too."

"Thanks...and tell Robin she can have her two boys this weekend." He grinned, "And we'll make it worth her while."

"For sure. Do you need anything...something to drink? 

"No, I'll pick up a coffee at a drive-thru."

"Then your, driving back to Urbana, tonight?" 

"Yeah...I can burn through my notes in the library. I'm in good shape with finals...almost fucking done!"

"Get in and I'll get you back to your car." When we drove off with the windows down, everything was still fresh with spring. 

I watched him jump back into his car and wave. We both headed home...I noticed the sun was setting through the trees and the birds were singing. Life was good, everywhere...not just good, but fucking excellent! I thought about how weird it was that this all just happened, because Chris was a horny teenager and Darin had the balls to approach us (excuse the pun). I looked forward to the weekend too, but I really couldn't wait to see Robin...and tell her everything. I realized I'd better get home and shower...she's gonna want more than talk...again, life is good.

*********************************************************

I had the glasses poured, when she came through the door, "Babe, good news...Chris loved the campus...everything went good. But I think you had him sold on it before we even parked the car. And better yet...he's staying at Danny's tonight...so, we got the place to ourselves."

"Well, you take your shoes off and get settled...we'll talk about it all...I wanna hear it all. If he's all in, I'll take him down and give him the grand tour and really get him started off right."

We talked over the big decision Chris was about to make...and if he really needed to visit anymore schools. The conversation quickly moved on to Darin and the whirlwind quickie...she wanted to hear every detail. 

"By the way, are you getting Darin sheets and towels? He said you called and asked what color towels he'd prefer."

"Yeah, with Chris's college visits, I guess I'm in college-mom mode; I thought I'd pick him up a few things, while I'm shopping for Chris. I'm sure his mother did the same, but these kids live like animals...I want to make him comfortable...you know."

"Well, that's what I thought...I told him that he could expect you to take him grocery shopping, too. Promise me you won't go in there and start cleaning his apartment, because I got the feeling he's already tried to do some of that."

"You really do know me...don't you?"

"Yeah, most of the time...I do. You do surprise me a sometimes, though."

She took a big sip and smiled, "Well, I don't think you should be surprised by my need for a quickie...and I think you owe me...you both owe me."

"We do, honey...and I'm really good about paying my debts...let's settle up now." I pushed up her skirt and rubbed through her panties; she slid them aside and I felt her soft, moist folds. She moaned as I pushed my fingers past her lips and into the intense heat. I finger-fucked and licked her clit till she, demanded, "Take that big guy out...gimme that dick...gimme that big dick."

Slipping my jeans and underwear down, it bounced forward. The thick, bulbous head dripped a clear strand. She had to grab it and smear the sex with her finger. Her hands wrapped around my dick and she started stroking...caressing the shaft. She got a big smile, "You know...I charge interest, too. Mmmmmm...love it...I love yer dick, Rob...I want it in me." Still all smiles, "It comes all the way up to your belly button...mmmmm...and I think about it being that deep inside me...it always feels so good in my hands...thick...and hard...it's so hot." 

With a need for another release, I pumped my hips to fuck it through her hands. I explored her pussy, till she pulled my fingers out and pushed them between my lips. While I enjoyed her taste, she slipped her panties off and threw a leg over top. She straddled me and centered herself, "You ready for this, sweetie?" 

"Fuckkk yeah! Put it in there...push it in...cowgirl me!"

When her lips parted over the head, we both moaned. We'd fucked a thousand times, but she was still tight, and it always took a few seconds for her to accept its girth. When she got it all, she leaned forward, so we could share a long, probing kiss. 

After she bounced a dozen times, or so, I started rolling my hips, pushing my ass into the mattress and thrusting up into her.

It was quiet that evening...and I listened to her moans meld with the gentle slapping sounds of our bodies; I enjoyed the sensuous bounce of her titties, each time our bodies collided. The incredible sensation of her pussy, stroking my dick, took my breath; she skillfully worked the entire length, pulling up until only the head was inside and driving it back into her core. 

While she rode my dick, I struggled to get the lube from the nightstand. I squirted some on my fingers and rubbed over her bud. "Ahhhhh fuck, Rob...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...that's it...feels amazing...ahhhh...keep it up...rub me...rub my clit."

She closed her eyes and laid her head back, "Perfect...that's perfect...fuck me...fuck me...uhhhh...uhhhh...good...so good." It wasn't long before she pushed my hand aside and took over, "Oh gawd! Uhhhh...uhhhh...fuck me...fuck...me!"

When I felt her body shudder, I grabbed her ass with both hands to hold her steady. I thrust deep into her pussy and she squealed, "Oh fuck! Rob...Rob...Rob...cum...cumming...yesssssss...yessssss...yessssssss!" 

Once she regained some composure and looked into my eyes, "Fuck that was good, babe! It's your turn...I know you're close...cum for me, honey...that's it...cum for me!" 

She rode me with renewed energy and purpose. I felt my balls tighten and a steamy load pushing up the shaft. When cum began to spray from my dick, she squealed, "Baby, cum inside...cum inside...cum inside me...I want ya to fuck me through creampie...fuck it deep...push it into my belly...fuck it deep!"

My fingers dug deeper into her hips and I pumped into her body. As it pulsed into her belly, she laid her head on my shoulder, "Baby, fuck it deep...fuck it deep...gimme that creampie...fill me up...gimme that creampie!"

"Shit...still cumming...cumming...fuck...cumming!"

"Baby, cum hard...that's it...never wanna get off this cock...fuck me all night!" We didn't fuck all night, but we did enjoy the afterglow and some good wine. When she finally rolled off, there was a pearly bead resting in the tiny gape. She giggled when she flexed, and it dripped from her pussy, "Yer right sweetie...you do pay your debts. There's the proof."

******************************************************

Well, the campus weekend finally came. It was late spring, just after finals, and his roommate was gone for a month; he'd be back in July. I guess he went backpacking with some buddies, in the Rockies. Darin was still drained from the last week, but he was able to get a couple days of serious sleep, before we arrived. He told us he had a couple summer classes, so he was parked in Urbana for most of the summer. 
