 When I returned with the wine, Darin had his legs pulled way back and Robin was pumping lubed fingers into his ass.

They were both grinning and she spoke softly, "Sweetie, he's ready for you to fuck him."

I poured her some wine and climbed up on the bed. She took my dick in her hand, applied lube and centered it over the tiny hole. 

I stroked some spit over the lube, before pushing into his ass. He groaned as I eased forward and fucked slow. In and out, I pumped methodically, watching it disappear into beautiful man-ass...it was stunning...erotic...and sexy

When I picked up the pace, he met each thrust by rolling his body into mine. "Dude, that's it...take it...take that dick...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...work it...work that dick...work it...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...yeah...yeah...that's it...satisfy it...work it...work that big dick...work it!"

I fucked hard and he celebrated every inch I could sink into his ass, "Rob...Rob...fuck me...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...fuck me...fuck me hard...hard...fuck me hard...yeah...yeah!" 

His rigid cock was beautiful, even amazing...ten inches of hard male and bouncing wildly over his belly. I watched it bobbing while mercilessly slamming into his gut. "Dude, I wanna watch you work that big dick for me...shoot your load. Stroke it for me, while I fuck you." 

He wrapped his fist around the rock-hard hard shaft and started pumping. "I'm horny as fuck...it won't take much more...mmmmm...I'm shocked I haven't lost it already."

Robin purred, "Mmmmm...yeah...I wanna see that, too."

He started jacking that big dick, while we both watched. As predicted, with some hard fucking (thank you very much) and knowing that he had admiring spectators, he only got off a couple dozen strokes before shooting a load. I felt his ass grab, as he shuddered and emptied his balls over his belly. 

Almost simultaneously, I felt my balls tighten, too; I pounded him till I felt the surge. It shot up the shaft and rewarded his begging ass with creamy musk. 

He breathlessly groaned, "Dude! Mmmm...cum hard...cum hard...I wanna...feel it...feel it inside...fuck...that's it...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...yeah, let me feel it...let me feel it!" His ass clenched tight, squeezing every precious drop of seed from the shaft.

"Fuck dude! That was fucking hot...so good...yeah...yeah...that feels good. That hot, little ass does amazing things for a man's cock!"

Robin used her fingers to scoop seed from his body, "Sweetie, it looks like it was good for you, too." She fed him and he licked her fingers clean. She grinned and leaned in to lick the last of it from his abs.

She smiled, "Mmmmm...it's still hot... it's good for me, too...sweet man sex!"

I pumped his ass, till I began to soften, and pull from its grip. The tight bud was gapped some, just enough to release a frothy trickle. 

Darin, still recovering from the pounding, got up on his knees and bounced the passing erection in her face. She took it, sucked him dry and swallowed the remnants with a big grin. "Love putting my boys to bed."

We looked at each other and decided we were cashed and ready to call it a night. When I checked the time, it was nearly midnight...we had been at it for almost two hours. It was the perfect way to fall asleep.

******************************************************************

After fucking hard, the night before, the sun was just rising when I woke with Robin, quietly rolling out of bed. Leaving me to sleep a bit longer, I listened as she went into the kitchen to make coffee (and I thought maybe breakfast). Darin wasn't in bed, either...I guessed he got up even earlier.

All I was sure about was the morning wood, tenting the sheet. That was nothing unusual, but I realized it was Saturday and we had absolutely no plans for the morning. With Darin staying the whole weekend, I was sure to get a workout, so I pulled the covers back and stroked really slow.

It felt good in my hand...thick...girthy...and ready for Robin, Darin or both. All I could think about was someone sucking my dick...or Robin sliding her pussy down over the shaft...or Darin riding me again. They both loved to ride...my thoughts, alone, made me rock-hard...you know.

As she reached the door, she saw me sprawled out over bed. She stood next to the bed, with a big sexy smile. She was buck naked, holding two cups of coffee and watching me pleasure myself...she could see I was ready. 

Her stare lingered over the hard meat in my hand; my hand resting in my pubes, I held the base to form a long arch up over my belly. She stood quietly, admiring its sensuous form, while reaching between her legs to rub her clit. 

I could tell she was ready and willing, too, and when I laid my arms back above my head, I said, "See something you like, sweetie?" I guess how I held my hands against the headboard, triggered her thoughts. 

"I do...I do...can I tie your hands like that?"

"Like how...above my head?"

"Yeah...and to the bed...I wanna tie you to the bed. You look so fuckin' hot. After playing with bondage, I've fantasized about tying you up...and using that dick, over and over."

I grinned, "How can I say no to that?"

"I'm gonna use that big dick...I wanna ride it...slide my pussy, up and down...up and down, for hours.

"Really...hours?"

She sat the cups on the nightstand; opening the toy drawer she pushed a vibrator aside and reached into the back to pull out two neatly tied pieces of rope. "Yes...hours. She giggled, "I think my clit has morning wood."

We hadn't used it since I tied her up for Darin, about a month ago. I got my hands positioned, holding the bars on the headboard. She pondered the best way to tie my hands but made quick work of it.

"There's my hot, girl scout...I'm hungry for some cookies, too."

"I got something way better, sweetie."

With my hands tied, I felt helpless and prone; I'd never felt that way before. I was captive, subject to her needs, and I liked it. Again, she stepped back to admire. This time she was playing with her tits, tweaking and tugging at hard, erect nipples. 

She climbed into bed, throwing her leg over top and sitting on my legs. My dick stood proud and hovered over my belly. Her hand wrapped tight and began stroking slowly over the throbbing shaft, working the entire length, from the bulging tip and down to the base.

When she rubbed the outer lips up against my dick, her pussy felt hot...steamy hot. 

I laughed and looked up into her beautiful eyes, "You know...I like being tied like this...this's gonna be good morning, baby girl."

"You've been so naughty...I'm gonna keep you tied-up till I'm satisfied with you."

"Mmmmm, that sounds good, really good."

She continued to fuck the big, morning wood through her fist. "Sweetie, we're gonna have fun...this morning you're gonna be my fuck slave, and I am gonna use you to pleasure myself."

Gripping tighter, she rolled her hips forward, punching the head through the gapped slit. Slowly inching it deeper, "I'm wanna fuck my man...my captive man." 

The outer lips stretched as her pussy swallowed, more and more. As she lowered herself down over the shaft, I felt her muscles grab tight and grip, as it went deeper.

I moaned, "Yeah...fuck me...yeah...yeah...like that...just like that."

"Sweetie, that's heaven...so good...feels so good! Fuck...yeah...yeah...mmmmm...yessssssss! Sweetie, to make it last, I'm wanna edge you. I know you love that, but you're always in charge...you're gonna have to let me know when yer close."

"I'm yours, Robin...all yours...you're in charge."

She smiled, "I like the way that sounds...your dick belongs to me, because I need...mmmm...pleasuring for hours...and hours."

Her groans grew, as she impaled her petite frame on my steel-hard dick; she began to bounce over me, slapping her ass, hard into my lap. "Ohhhh...god...ohhhh god...that's good...this girl's gonna fuck her pussy, good...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...yeah...ride that big dick!"

With my arms tied to the bed, she leaned down and pressed her breasts into my chest. She had her face inches away and when her beautiful eyes met mine, I saw the fiery intensity of her needs.

"Mmmmmm...kiss me...kiss me and I'll give you titty snack, while I ride." Her mouth was hot, and our lips locked, trapping the heat; she thrust her tongue into my mouth. With my dick ploughing deep and kissing like we were, electricity shot through my body. 

Eventually she sat back, "Fuck yeah, baby! Uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...my pussy's full...so full...yeah...yeah!"

As she slammed herself up and down, the moans grew, and the raucous sound of fucking rattled the bedroom. 

"Yes...yes...yeah...yeah...yeah...fuck me...use it...use my big dick!" 

Her tits hung heavy and bounced, and my gaze was fixed. She watched me staring and knew what I wanted, but I couldn't quite reach them. I was completely at her mercy...and we both seemed to love it that way.

When she pulled off my dick; it was rock-solid and swaying like a lamppost in the wind. Before giving me my reward, she leaned forward to taunt me with her tits. She grinned, "There all yours, sweetie," and dragged them over my face.

"Tease! Gimme those titties...mmmm...you fuckin' know how to...mmmm...satisfy a man!"

I tightened my lips on her nipple and sucked hard, sliding it through my lips. I opened wider and engulfed more of the fleshy mound, gently biting and flicking with my tongue. 

She moaned and reached back to run the throbbing, shaft through her fingers. "Yeah...mmmm...that's good, baby...yeah...yeah...yeah...suck that titty...suck it." 

Stroking the thick shaft, she loved the sensory explosion of me suckling her nips. "Sweetie, that feels so...so good...but I know you really excel at pussy. I want to you to satisfy my pussy with that tongue."

She spread her legs to straddle my face, before dropping lower onto my eager tongue; I began lapping at her pussy, but then I felt Darin's mouth on my dick. His tongue danced wildly around the head and I felt spit dripping down the shaft. My dick filled his mouth and he was giving me one of his amazing wet blowjobs, the kind we both enjoy. 

Robin moaned, "Fuck...yeah...yeah...yeah...yeah...Rob...Rob...that feels...uhhhh...uhhhh...yeah...feels so good...yeah...yeah...so good!"

I was stretching my lips to engulf her pussy, and couldn't respond, but Robin noticed, "Honey, Darin's back to play." 

"Where've you been, sweetie?"

"I wanted to study a little before breakfast...you know. But I heard moans and thought I better come see if I could join." He went back to licking the underside of the shaft, going from the base to the very tip. He was taking his time, to feel every ridge and every vein. With his mouth moving, up and down, the shaft, he took as much as he could, taking it to the limits of his throat.

I fucked with my tongue but continued giving her clit a good bit of attention...she continued grinding against my face and I loved it. "Yeah baby...eat my pussy...shove that tongue up there...yeah...yeah...yeah deep...deep in my pussy!"

Finally, she lifted her body and I could speak again, "Fuck dude! Yer gonna have to stop...too close...fuck!" While he sat back and stroked his big dick, Robin quickly squeezed my dick hard and beat back the orgasm.

Then I went back at it, nibbling and sucking mercilessly; she groaned and screamed with pleasure as my tongue flicked her clit. She reached down and forced my face into her steamy sex, but when I felt her legs, grip tighter, I knew she was close.

"Uhhhh...uhhhh...fuck! Uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...yeah...yeah...yessssssssssssssss...cumming...cumming!" She rode the waves of orgasm hard, grinding her pussy into my face, "Fuck Rob...Rob...yeah...yeah...yeah...cumming...cumming...so fuckin' good...uhhhh...uhhhh...eat that pussy...fuckkkkkkkk!"

She fell backwards on her hands; my face was moist with pussy from the tongue-fucking. Still shuddering, my tongue lapped up every drop as her orgasm subsided.

Still tied, my dick was hard as a rock; they both looked down over my spread-eagle body. My dick, still craving relief, formed a stout arch above my belly. 

She looked mischievous, "Darin, sweetie...lets fuck for Robbie. Gimme some of your alpha-dick...get up here and fuck me...get your dick wet" 

The thought of that big dick, pumping my girlfriend, made my dick stiffen. When she started to push back into the thrusts and ride his big dick, it was like porn on steroids. His balls (big spunk-filled balls) were heavy and swaying over my face. 

Their pleasure grew ever louder, as he slammed his hips into her beautiful ass. The wet fucking and moans filled the room, as he worked her pussy. "Sweetie...mmmm...mmmm...yeah...baby, fuck...baby, fuck me...fuck me...deep...so deep...fuck me deep...deep...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...yeah!"

"Uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...Robin...Robin...take it...take it...take my dick...yeah...yeah...yeah...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...fuck...uhhhh...yeah...yeah...fuckkkkkkk!"

She looked back at Darin, "Mmmmmm...let me suck that big boy...we can both suck it 

Licking her pussy from the big ten-inch shaft, Robin and I shared his big dick for nearly ten minutes, we worked it back and forth.

After pumping it through my lips, he pulled out and dragged it over my tongue, allowing me to layer spit over the shaft and lick the big, bulbous head. It felt hot when I engulfed it with my mouth. I nibbled at the piss-slit, circling my tongue and savoring the tiny drops of precum. 

When it popped from my mouth, Robin took over, running her lips down the shaft. Dancing her tongue over the veiny surface and shoving it deep, she groaned around the giant cock. I watched six or seven inches disappear, till he hit her throat. When she took it as deep as she could, his moans escalated, "Robin...Robin...fuck girl! That...that...mmmm...that feels good...yeah...yeah...so good!"

Looking into my eyes then his, she smiled, "Now, baby it's about time to drain your big balls." 

She grabbed my dick, "...and our hot prisoner has the perfect tool to make that happen. Use his big dick...what do you think?"

"Sounds brilliant...we can both ride?"

"Of course, sweetie. Robbie's not goin' anywhere and we got all morning...we can trade off." 

"I'm ready...I showered before you all woke up...my ass is ready for a ride."

I grin, "Yeah...and I'm more than ready...you can use my dick all fuckin' morning."

She leaned down to drag her tongue over my face, lapping at the taste she left behind. While running her fingers through my hair, she traced her tongue over my lips, before plunging inside to passionately kiss. 

I felt her wrap her fist around the shaft and grip tight, before slowly working, up and down. She started stroking faster and used her other hand to cup my balls. They were heavy in her hand, as they tumbled over her fingers.

Once Darin grabbed the lube, they did it together, thoroughly covering every inch. My cock was dark red, swollen and solid...I think they both salivated as their hands roamed all over. I was anxious to put it to work...it needed some serious attention. It was throbbing hard, even feeling heavier; it felt like it weighed ten pounds.

"Baby, Rob's ready! You go first, I can see you really need to get some." She laughed, "...but you gotta leave some for me...alright?"

"You got it."

"But, Rob, let me know when you're close. I won't like it, but I'll pull off so you can edge longer."

I caught a glimpse of his ass, when he threw his leg over me; the tight curve of his butt stuck out from his frame and it flexed, when he lifted his leg. I wanted to reach down and caress the smooth, rounded flesh, but I couldn't. My cock twitched from the thought of pushing through that tight muscled hole and sinking deep into his ass. 

He was horny as fuck and went hard and fast; the second he mounted my cock, he started to ride and jerk on his big dick. He rode me with long, deep, deliberate strokes, each time pushing my dick, deep into his body. Again, I imagined my fingers sinking deep into the thick, muscle, as he bounced his body over mine. "Ahhhh...ahhhh...fuck me...Rob...Rob...uhhhh...uhhhh...wanna ride that dick...uhhhh...uhhhh...ride it good...fuck! Fuck...that dick...that dick...mmmm, it feels...amazing...amazing!"

"Mmmmm...dude, that's good...slide yer ass up and down that dick...yeah...uhhhh...uhhhh...yeah!"

As he fucked himself with my dick, his bobbed wildly, slapping at his belly, thighs and even me. 

Robin clearly enjoyed what she saw, "Fuck Darin! Sweetie...you like that big dick...you're hard as a rock, up top." 

Once he got into a position where he could better use his legs, he grabbed his dick with both hands. Pumping wildly and groaning, "Uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...yeah...gonna...gonna...gonna cum," he pushed himself to another release.

"Oh sweetie...that's it...cum for us...cum for us...cum hard for us!" With hot seed running down over his hand, she moaned, "Cum hard...cum hard...yeah...yeah...cum hard...that's it...cum for us...cum for us!"

After a few deep breaths, he rolled off. He sat there, still breathing heavy but grinning, "Shit dude! That...that was fuckin' good...this bondage gig's wearing me out."

She looked at me, "Honey, it's my turn, again...you think you can take care of me."

"I'm not going anywhere, but just gimme a second. Maybe slap it to push things back...yeah, like that...mmmm. Squeeze it hard and slap it over my leg...yeah...yeah like that."

"You've let me do this before, but I'm still careful; I don't want to hurt you, sweetie...you know?"

Robin, ready for more, had a sexy gaze that wandered over my lean frame. Her eyes came to rest on the aftermath of his release, and my big, swollen dick. She worked her way down my body, sensuously working kisses over my chest, gently biting nipples, licking her way over my abs and scooping up stray pearls.

Clearly gleeful that it was her turn, "Mmmm...that's it...baby girl's big...hard fuck-toy...that's what I need!"

Darin grinned, "I know what you mean," then he rubbed his ass, "I know exactly what you mean."

"Love my fuck-toy, sweetie...let me ride'ya for a while."

My dick was painfully hard, but before pushing its steel against her labia, she spread her legs wide to tease it even more. She groaned as it pushed slowly and sensuously into her pussy. Drilling it into her core and riding every inch she could get, she slow-fucked for a few minutes, but then picked up the pace, riding like a hungry cock-slut. 

"Uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...yeah...I need...need it...need it...yeah...yeah...yeah! Rob...fuck...Rob...yeah...yeah...yeah...fuck me...fuck me...fuck me!" Her muscled walls soothed my aching cock-flesh with relentless contractions, "Fuck me...fuck me...fuck me...fuck me...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...yeah...yeah...baby...that's it...that's it!" 

I watched Darin's lustful gaze; it didn't waver. He was completely focused on the dick, pushing deep into Robin, "Yeah...ride that dick, girl...ride it...ride it, hard...fuck'm...fuck'm! Yeah, he's a great ride...fuck'm...fuck'm...yeah...you're makin' me crave yer man's cock...yeah...fuck'm." 

He sort of serious, "I feel lucky, Robin...cause I get to share...mmmm...it's so fuckin'...fuckin' perfect...mmmm...yeah...that big cock!"

"Oh sweetie, he's ours...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...especially this morning. She giggled, "We got him captive...we can fuck him till he's worn out."

They always shared a fascination (or lust) for what I had between my legs...and undoubtedly the pleasure it provided. This cock-worship was a mutual obsession through which we all bonded; it was a driving force for our threesome. From the first time we met, Darin was stealing crotch glimpses, around the house...in the car...or in a restaurant. They really liked to watch a hardon, bobbing and swaying between my legs. It was even a running joke between us, where they'd beg me to get up for something, whenever I was hard. It was really no different than Robin and I admiring and worshiping his dick.
