 About six months after my divorce I was lounging at a friend's pool complex. A few of the people at the pool knew I didn't live there, but didn't seem to care that I came over to use the pool. Triece came out from her apartment and sat down in a chaise lounge next to where I was sitting. 

Triece (short for Patriece) was one of the most beautiful girls I have ever met. I used to see her in college and fantasize about her. She was now about 22 or 23, absolutely gorgeous, and the little bikini she was wearing (unfortunately, thongs were not the rage yet) left little to the imagination. Her breasts weren't real large, but they were very, very nice. There wasn't a hint of fat on her body. Her blonde hair, green eyes and trim figure were a sight for sore eyes. 

She apparently couldn't handle her money very well. She had told me a couple of weeks before that the phone company wouldn't let her have a telephone because her credit was so bad. At that time she cooed, "Oh Art. Couldn't you get me a telephone? I would be glad to show you how grateful I could be!" 

I groaned at the prospect. "Triece darling, if I could do what you asked, someone would have already fucked me to death by now!" She got a kick out of that, but it certainly didn't get me laid! 

We lay there for a while, basically just soaking up the sun. The conversation wasn't very serious, just general chitchat and some comments about some of the people around the pool. I had tried several times to ask her out, but she was living with a guy named Robert, who spent a lot of time on the road. She said it wouldn't be fair to him to go out with me. The conversation sort of slowly turned toward her relationship with Robert. 

"He's pretty open about sex most of the time," she said. "He once had a relationship with a married couple. The wife came on to him while they were out to dinner one night, all three of them. They had a real hot thing going until one day Robert tried to get some on his own and the husband broke everything off. Apparently her favorite was to blow Robert while her husband fucked her doggy style." 

About this time I was in agony. I was hoping it wasn't too obvious how hard my dick was. I'm not all that big, but the bathing suit wasn't all that big either! I groaned and said I needed something close to a cold shower. I made a semi-mad dash into the pool to cool off. There was only a slight pause and she headed toward the pool also. 

I was standing in about four feet of water, hoping my hard-on would ease up enough for me to get back to my chair - or to the car where I could go home and jack off! "Is it getting better?" she asked. 

"Jesus, Triece," I gasped, "You're killing me here!" 

She just smiled and stood in the water near me. "We have a Polaroid camera. Robert said he doesn't think it's ever seen a clean picture." With that, I swear my dick got even harder. I touched myself, just for a second. I didn't think I could stand touching it for very long or I would really get embarrassed. 

"Robert will be back tomorrow," she continued. "Do you want to come over for dinner?" 

My response was immediate, along with my big grin, "I wouldn't miss it for the world!" 

The following night couldn't arrive fast enough. I got to their apartment about 7:30 and Robert greeted me at the door. I was a little surprised. For some reason I thought he would be a much bigger guy. He was about 5'9" maybe 170 pounds and about my age (I was 29 at the time). He was kind of an average looking guy - nothing special. Triece was wearing shorts and some kind of bandanna tied around her breasts. There was enough exposure that every time she walked between the kitchen and dining room you could see them wobble a little bit. 

Dinner conversation was mostly small talk but they asked me about where I was from, how long I had worked for the phone company and so forth. Dinner was nice, but I was beginning to wonder when the talking would start to get serious. 

As soon as dinner was over, Triece told me to relax on the couch, they would straighten up in the kitchen for a minute and then come out to join me. I heard the blender going in the kitchen a couple of times and Triece brought me out a Brandy Alexander. She smiled, winked and headed back to the kitchen. A couple of minutes later she came back out of the kitchen with her own drink and stood before me. Robert stood in the kitchen doorway with a drink and a smile. "Are you ready?" Triece asked. 

"For what?" I replied. 

Triece smiled, set her drink on the coffee table and put one hand behind her back. In just a moment, she had the bandanna untied and it gently slid off the most beautiful breasts I think I've ever seen. This was Playboy material. 

I would say they were about a D-cup, 35" or 36" with no trace of fat I could see. Her nipples were already erect and she leaned gently toward me until her left breast brushed my mouth. I glanced quickly at Robert and there was an almost imperceptible nod. I let my tongue snake out and flick against her nipple. I reached out with my other hand and caressed her right breast. I couldn't get over how perfect her body seemed. 

Her nipples seemed hard when she took off the bandanna, but as I tongued and flicked them, they continued to get even harder. I opened my eyes and Robert was now standing directly behind her. I was aware he was gently removing her shorts. She stepped back from me just a bit and I glanced down to her crotch. Her blonde pussy hairs were moderately trimmed and she looked slightly damp. 

As she leaned back into me, I gently caressed her ass. As I worked my hand around slowly towards her pussy, I could feel the heat. She was already slightly wet and moaned as I gently fingered her pussy lips. She bent down and kissed me, her tongue probing firmly. She tugged at my shirt, pulling it over my head. 

Her hands grazed across my chest, toying with my own nipples, where I'm incredibly sensitive. She bent down further and starting sucking, licking and gently biting my nipples, much as I had done to hers. About the time I thought my nipples were going to explode, she went to her knees and started tugging at my trousers, pulling them and my underwear off together. 

By this time my dick was leaking fiercely and she gently rubbed the pre-cum around the end of my dick. I played firmly with both her breasts and she smiled at me, then bent down and took me fully in her mouth. Robert pulled off his shirt and trousers and was already sporting what looked like a rock-hard erection. From behind Triece he reached around and caressed her breasts, our hands occasionally touching. 

Meanwhile, Triece was ministering to my boner like it was the ice cream to end all ice creams. She seemed to be approaching it just the way I like it. I never could stand someone sucking on my dick like they were trying to start a siphon. 

She was taking it slow, gently, alternately licking and sucking and I loved it. She took me all the way in her mouth and then reached up and gently squeezed my nipples. "Oh God, you'd better slow down. I'm gonna lose it before I want," I moaned. 

She eased off my dick long enough to say, "We've got all night. We can do this again if we have to." And then she went back to my dick. One of her hands caressed my balls, her fingers tickling at my ass. Robert, meanwhile, appeared to be probing from her backside. He was down on his knees, apparently fucking her and massaging her pussy at the same time. Now Triece was gently starting to moan as well. 

I did my best to relax, stretching my legs out as much as I could. I could feel my dick getting harder and harder. Her hands seemed all over the place, sometimes stroking my dick, sometimes tickling my balls and her fingernails were teasing my asshole. And her mouth hardly ever left me, except occasionally to suck at one of my balls. It was slowly turning into one of the best blow jobs I'd ever had. 

Gradually, I could feel like a tingling, starting both in my thighs and my hips. The sensation increased and I could feel it gravitating toward my dick. I wanted to be in her mouth when I came, but just about that time she pulled her mouth off me and starting licking up the underside of my dick. 

Suddenly my hips moved involuntarily, my dick pulsed and shot a small wad of cum on the side of her cheek. She instantly wrapped her lips back around my dick and just kind of kissed gently around the head as I continued coming. It felt like I would never stop coming. 

She looked up toward me as I kept coming and I could have sworn she smiled, as best she could with her mouth full of my dick. The sensations as she continued gentle pressure on the head of my dick was heavenly. I suddenly realized I was moaning. Then her body started moving a little bit as Robert started fucking her hard. Her mouth finally came off my dick and she wiped her mouth with the back of her hand as she smiled at me. 

While Robert continued pounding her pussy from the rear, she reached back down to her pussy and started stroking her clit. Now she was really into it and she was moaning as well. I gently massaged her tits as she started stroking her pussy faster and faster. 

"Squeeze my nipples, " she cried. I massaged them harder. "Pinch 'em," she almost screamed. I pinched them, gently at first, then harder. "Oh God yes, that's it," she cried. Then she almost screamed, "Fuck me, Robert!" 

He appeared to be doing his best. He started grunting and pounding even harder. "Fill my pussy! Give me your cum!" she panted. Then, almost immediately, she began to cum. "Unhhhhhhhhhh. Oh God, Oh God." Her hand stopped moving and she continued moaning. Robert finally stopped ramming her pussy from the back and just kind of kneeled there, a very contented look on his face as well. 

Triece almost fell away from me onto the carpet, laying on her back. Her pussy hairs looked quite damp and a little of Robert's cum started gently seeping out of her pussy. She lay that way for a couple of seconds, her thighs shaking gently and she reached up and gently took my dick in her hand, softly kneading it. It felt divine. 

"You guys about did me in," she said. 

We sat for a few minutes, breathing heavily and working on what was left of our drinks. "How was that?" she asked. 

My response was, "If it's like that all the time I may not live to see the weekend!" They both laughed. 

Triece said, "I hope you're not done yet!" My response was to reach for her and help her to her feet. I moved back on the couch and asked her to stand on the couch, straddling my legs. My hands reached up for her breasts as she braced her hands against the wall behind the couch. My mouth went straight for her pussy. 

Despite Robert's just having cum in her, her pussy smelled like perfume. Without actually putting my tongue in her pussy, I slowly, gently began tonguing her clit. I felt Robert's hands come around her tits as well and I put my hands behind her ass, gently pulling her further into my face. 

I couldn't recall putting my face in a pussy that smelled and tasted so sweet. We continued that way for maybe three minutes and she started moaning softly. When I realized she was moaning, I put my lips up to her as close as I could get and started sucking hard on her clit. In just a few more seconds she was practically screaming. 

As she started cumming again, I could feel her hips shaking gently and she was almost snorting. She came for a few more seconds in sort of a long shudder and then fell sideways on the couch. As she lay there, naked as a jaybird, I thought again that she looked like she could have stepped off the pages of Playboy. She was shamelessly, gloriously naked and beautiful. 

Triece motioned Robert onto the couch and she knelt in front of him. She smiled at me and said, "Now it's your turn to fuck me." 

I kneeled behind her and caressed her ass while she started mouthing Robert's dick. After a little bit, I reached around and fingered her pussy. She started grunting almost immediately. This girl was decidedly multi-orgasmic. 

About the time she was panting moderately heavily, I entered her. Her pussy felt like you could boil water in there! I probed gently with my dick and kept flicking her clit. In what seemed like no time, Robert started grunting and Triece apparently started swallowing his cum. 

When her mouth came off his dick she started moaning again, "Oh God, oh God, oh God." She almost collapsed on top of Robert as she came and fell away from me. Now, here I was with another raging hard-on, getting ready to come again. She finally looked back at me, saw my dick gently swaying in the breeze and got off the couch. 

She gently pushed me over on my back and squatted over my still hard-as-a-rock dick. She sat softly but firmly on my dick and started moving her ass up and down. This gal was in some kind of shape. 

She shifted a lot of her weight forward on her hands and asked, "Let me know if this is hurts you too much." With her hands pressing hard against my chest, she started flicking my nipples with her forefingers while she fucked me. 

After only about thirty more seconds, I could feel the cum starting to build. "Good God," she said, "your nipples are little beebees, they're as hard as a rock!" 

"That's because I'm about to fill your other end!" I gasped. Only a few more seconds went by and my dick started pulsing again. As soon as I started cumming, she took her hands off my chest and very slowly moved up and down on my dick as I was pulsing another load of cum into her pussy. God it was divine!