 After we got to the lab, she noticed a row of lab coats hanging on the wall. She took one and disappeared into an office for a minute. When she returned, she was wearing it, and nothing else! It wasn't very long, and the fabric was semi-translucent, hinting at all the good stuff hidden underneath. She walked over in a seductive fashion, her legs sticking out a mile long beneath the coat, and started talking in some crazy "German mad scientist" accent about Vanting to Fahk My Deek Von Mohr Tyme. No problem, I could get in to the sexy mad scientist thing!

I grabbed her and pushed her back against our favorite desk again, spreading the coat so I could see her awesome tits. I had been so busy the last time focusing on her pussy that I hadn't been able to give her tits the time of day, but I was going to make up for last time now. I fondled them, rolled them between my hands, sucked on her small nipples. They really were just the most amazing tits, soft but firm like they came out of a fiberglass mold.

I couldn't stay away from that pussy for long though. I lifted one of her legs, and without further ado, stuck in my cock and started fucking her like a madman. My cock felt like Ulysses, away from home for 20 years and now it was finally back where it was always meant to be. Her pussy was my cock's natural haven, a place where it felt blessed and whole and entirely without want.

We fucked six ways to Sunday: on the floor, standing up, coat on, coat off, from every angle. What a screamer she was—when she wasn't yelling out obscenities, she was just yelling in full-throated abstract lust. It was like her mind had been screwed on too tight, and now the cap had been taken off and all the inner primal desire was rushing out like a new oil well.

Her pussy was so damn tight, it clutched at me like a vice, milking my thick cock like nothing I've experienced. The comparison of her cunt as opposed to Alicia's was fascinating—tight versus loose, naïve versus skilled. Both were great. She was enthusiastic, acrobatic, and, hilariously, she continued to do her mad scientist impression mid-orgasm—I Vant to Kum, I Vant to Kum, I Vant your Cok up Mein Kunt, Fahk Me Hahrdehr! Aghk, Aghk, Aghk! AGGGGHHHHHKKKK! (The latter being the sounds a German mad scientist makes when she finally comes in body-wracking ecstasy.) Finally she was on top of me, reverse cowgirl style, when I came.

Just as I shot off a half-hour's worth of a load inside her rippling cunt, we heard a voice from behind us:

"Hol-eee shit! Look at this!"

Now, my first reaction was: Hol-eee shit! We are fucked! Someone's caught us, and we're both screwed—Robin's marriage is done, and Paul will bust up my face.

But, luckily, it was Alicia, and she had a stunned yet delighted look on her face. Robin was immediately embarrassed and scared, covering her tits with her hands, as if she could somehow retain her modesty while wearing a lab coat and sitting backwards on my cock. But Alicia was not exactly there to break up anybody's marriage. She was there to cheat on her own vows.

She sauntered sexily over to us, shedding clothes as she went. Off went her tight red t-shirt, lifting her copious breasts out in a sexy bounce. Off went her tan bra, revealing, as I has suspected, that those tits had become even heftier than before. Off went her sandals.

"Robin," she said, "I can't believe you, of all people—I just figured you were so straight!" She stood next to her, and held Robin's chin in her fingers like she was a child. Alicia knelt down, now clad in only a skirt, her generous breasts dangling out in front of Robin, and kissed her full on the lips. Robin obviously had no idea what to do. They were friends, but sort of friends of friends. She definitely was not a girl who had ever expressed an interest in anything so kinky as lesbian sex, at least out loud, but on the other hand she was as sexually charged right now as she was ever likely to be, and after a few seconds she accepted the kiss, and began kissing back, her tongue snaking hungrily into Alicia's mouth. Then Alicia broke the kiss, rose up a bit, pressed her breasts together, and offered them to Robin. After only a moment's hesitation, to my amazement, Robin began to suckle on her sizeable nipples, and Alicia took Robin's shapely breasts in her own hands. All this, mind you, while my cock was still in Robin's cunt. It was not exactly going soft now, I can tell you.

Alicia stood up, hiked up her skirt, and pulled her panties aside.

"Eat me," she said. Robin looked like she was in a trance at this point. She complied, reaching her neck up, and sticking her tongue right into Alicia's cunt. Holy Shit!

"Oh, motherfucker," Alicia moaned, "Oh, motherfucker! Robin, you dirty fucking cuntlicker you!" She grabbed her head and pulled it in, forcing Robin to keep eating her out, not that Robin seemed interested in doing anything else. Alicia was grinding her hips into her face, and Robin was holding on tightly to Alicia's hips. Alicia came in a frenzy of moans, and fell kneeling to the floor. Robin quickly scooted up and sat on her face, offering up her own cum-filled cunt to Alicia (and thereby leaving my cock out in the cold!). Alicia had dominated the situation up until now, but now Robin was taking charge.

She kneeled there over Alicia's head, pulling it into her crotch even more furiously than Alicia had done to her. Both of them had obviously built up a lot of pent-up energy by not getting fucked enough by their husbands, and even some moonlighting with my cock was not enough to fulfill them. They were burning it off with their fellow female. When Robin had had her own orgasm at the hands (or rather the tongue) of Alicia, she fell back as well.

We all sat there a minute. I had been rock hard this whole time, but hadn't wanted to disturb them for fear that this wonderful display would somehow magically disappear. Now, however, the two ladies suddenly noticed my situation.

"Well," said Alicia, "I guess you've been having some fun with that thick pecker of his too, huh?"

"Yeah—so, 'too'—does that mean you fucked him?"

"Wellllll, just a BJ and a quick fuck. It was years ago. But I had just been thinking about seeing if I could find you two and separate him off, and then fuck him myself, but I guess that turned out not to be necessary, huh? You don't mind if I share, do you?"

"Hmm, no, I guess not!" Robin said. "As long as it's share and share alike! Well, what do we do with this prime specimen of dick, then?"

They both crawled over.

"Hmm, what DO we do?" Alicia took hold of me with two fingers. "How would you like a suck?" she said to her friend.

"Don't mind if I do," Robin replied, and bent over and mouthed my cockhead. Then she pulled off, and offered me to Alicia, who was equally willing to suck me, and proved it by going all the way down to my root immediately.

"Holy cow," Robin said. "You've got to teach me how to do that."

"Gladly," Alicia replied. And so commenced a half hour of the worst teasing my cock has ever been put through, as the two of them shared oral techniques, slowly sucking and licking, then letting me cool off, then re-commencing with the teasing. After a while, Robin was indeed able to take me all the way into her throat, a trick which pleased all of us. Then they shared my cock and balls, leading me to a state where I was ready to erupt. They finally let me blow without either of them even touching me, my sperm shooting like a geyser in the air, but they quickly both moved their faces in to catch it. Giddy like school girls, they wiped the cum from their faces and smeared it all over each others' tits and bodies, then started licking each other like cats. What kind of crazy thing had I started here?

In any case, I wasn't about to go without getting my chance to fuck Alicia again. A BJ was nice, but I wanted some more pussy. I hadn't gone soft in at least two hours now, so I laid her on her back, pulled her legs over my shoulders, and slipped right into her sloppy cunt.

Robin moved around, sucking Alicia's colossal cum-covered tits, then putting her own sperm-frosted nipples in Alicia's mouth, where they got a feverish sucking. After she was cleaned off, Robin crawled behind me, under my legs, and started to lick my balls from the back, which was a fucking amazing feeling—also a bit hard to coordinate, since I was busy thrusting with all my might into Alicia's pussy. But then Robin got a devilish, game-changing idea, and she moved her head lower down and farther in, and started licking Alicia's asshole!

"Whoa!" Alicia said with a literal jolt, "Holy....Fuck! I wasn't expecting that! Holy....holy holy fuck!" But Robin had apparently been unleashed from whatever mental blocks had been holding her in place all her life, and she went bananas licking up Alicia's shitter.

"Enough of her cunt for you," Robin said to me, pausing from her anal duties for a moment. "Come on, I want you somewhere else!" She grabbed the shaft of my cock, pulled it out of Alicia's cunt, and pressed it up against Alicia's spit-drenched asshole!

I wasn't going to argue, and Robin's saliva, not to mention a deluge of pussy juice, had certainly provided all the lubrication we needed. So, overruling Alicia's personal lack of certainty about this, as voiced by her moaning "wait, fuck, no!" we pressed ahead and I popped into her asshole. Oh my motherfuckin' god, that was awesome. I couldn't believe how fucking great it felt. It was tight as hell, especially compared to her sloppy cunt, where more than a few dicks had explored before. It felt like my cock was caught in one of those Chinese handcuffs—those woven tubes you stick your fingers in, and then when you try to pull them out, they just get tighter. Damn. But with Robin's help—she was actually trying to pull and push my hips back and forth to help me buttfuck Alicia now—I got moving, and soon Alicia was writhing and twisting underneath my assault. Her legs were crossed around my back, and her short body was twisting back and forth, with only her shoulders really permanently on the ground. It was incredible just to watch her face as it went through a constant flow of conflicting emotions—grimacing one moment, opening up in pure ecstasy the next. Robin was watching in pure glee, frigging her pussy at the scene. I couldn't take it any more. My cock detonated and started shooting off a major flood of cum up Alicia's tush.

"Wait, wait," Robin said, and pulled me off, first sucking the top of my cock to aim the geyser of cum into her own mouth, then after it was finished, darting down to suck the sperm out of Alicia's asshole! This final anal assault is what finally set Alicia over the edge herself, and she came for the second time that day from Robin's tongue, clenching her legs around her head, mewling like a newborn kitten.

After all that Alicia immediately wanted me to assfuck Robin, but Robin seemed to suddenly retreat from her super-slut persona, as if realizing that she just had her tongue, which supposedly belonged to her husband, up another girl's asshole, which supposedly belonged to her own husband. She was, basically, not up for it, even with Alicia's fairly strong brand of persuasion, namely, "Fuck you bitch, if I took it up my ass you'll take it up yours!"

But I was ready for more action myself; even if I had come three times already, I was surrounded by some hot slutty moms and wanted to fuck my balls dry, and I didn't want too much tension to arise between the owners of my two fuck-holes. So we "settled," if that's the right word for it, for a tit-fuck-off. The challenge was to see who was better at fucking me with their tits. How I managed to persuade them to do this, I don't know.

They had, as I said, previously been the owners of tits that were around the same size if not the same shape, but Alicia's had grown though childbirth and were now an easy D cup, while Robin's were still Cs. The shape of Robin's, however, were pretty much pitch-perfect—the Platonic ideal of tits. Alicia's were pretty nice too, don't get me wrong, they only paled in comparison to Robin's. And in a war of size versus shape, it's hard to say which one wins in a man's mind. So it would be a battle royale! The two married women, who had been working in unison before, were now competitive. Robin went first, and I'd be lying if I didn't say it was amazing. I lay on my back on a lab table, and she crawled on top of me sexily (she was now totally naked—no lab coat any more), gave me a sultry look, and rubbed my sore-but-not-defeated member with those remarkable tits, squeezing me in between her tight valley, running her nipples on the underside of my cock, and generally giving me an unfathomably erotic experience. After 5 minutes her time was up, and it was Alicia's turn. Afterwards I would judge, and the winner would get me any way they liked. I didn't come anywhere near coming after Robin's five minutes, but that's no knock on her abilities; after all, I had already come in her cunt, in both their mouths, and Alicia's ass. It was going to take a lot more than five minutes of anybody's tits to drag the sperm out of my balls.

Alicia climbed on top of my prone body, and just from the look she gave me, she got me halfway there. It's hard to beat an experienced slut! I had the feeling she had been on her knees giving a tit-job to every package delivery man, plumber, and cable repair guy that had been by her household for the last five years. She lifted my cock between her two spongy mammaries and slowly gave me an amazing massage through their pliable pillow-like forms. It was just incredible. I wouldn't have thought there were really tricks to tit fucking, but lo and behold she knew them. I was in high heaven. It was great to compare the different feelings of their tits: Robin's were firm, dense, and compact, and Alicia's were malleable, soft, and yielding. You could write a treatise on the yin and yang of their tit qualities! However, Alicia was definitely the winner when it came to skill; she knew her way around her tits! Five minutes of her substantial, supple breasts had actually been just as fantastic an experience as my five minutes in her snug ass. I happily declared her the winner, to Robin's dismay. She chose to finish me off in her pussy, and I happily complied, rutting her wet, roomy cunt for the second time like a pig in heat.

We were both exhausted now, and there was no more acrobatics, no more screaming. We were doing a job—fucking each other for the pure need to get our rocks off, because if you get a chance to be a dirty, low-down fucker like we were, you take it, whether your body and mind are aware of anything any more or not.

After a good twenty minutes of fucking, I was getting good and ready. I like to bust my nut on the outside, so I pulled out and blasted my seed all over those "award winning" tits. It was like I had poured marshmallow sauce all over her. Robin, who had been sitting there watching us enviously the whole time, now got her chance to share in the spoils again, and the two of them got into a virtual feeding frenzy as they licked up every last bit off Alicia's heaving knockers. Alicia had come quietly three times while we were fucking, and having her tits sucked (even if partially by herself) brought her off to a fourth. Perspiration beaded from her forehead, her eyes were simultaneously wild and zoned out. People just aren't built to deal with that much physical ecstasy.

That was pretty much all my dick could take. Once again we used the lab's equipment to clean up. This time, we used one of those emergency eye-wash showers to get totally cleaned off, since we had all been pretty much covered with one kind of bodily goo or another. Then we headed back to the rest of the group. We all had a spring in our step and a smile on our face. Everybody's bodies had been pushed as far as they could go, and we were in a blissed-out and happily exhausted mode.

Everyone else wondered what kind of amazing presentation the biology department could possibly have put on that would make us all so giddy! The rest of the weekend passed by without us getting any more chances for "special" fun and games, but that was OK with us. Nobody's genitals were going to need any more action for at least a week, and we had enough memories to keep us warm and happy for years to come.