 Author's note: This account contains straight sex and bisexual (male to male) sex. It's a continuation of the series involving Robin, Darin and myself. It's an archive or exploration of our experiences during a three-year relationship. I love to hear from readers, so please let me know what you think. Enjoy!

***********************************************

It was late and we were finally finishing the grocery run for the weekend...we had intended for it to happen earlier in the day, but it was nearly 11 pm. The supermarket was still buzzing, but the streets were sparse. I enjoyed the quiet that nights brought, so it wasn't a bad time to be out shopping. 

I outran Robin with the cart, because the flurries were beginning. The sky was pitch black and a crisp breeze pushed snow over the parking lot...a sure sign of a chilly winter evening. Darin was waiting in the truck and jumped out to help with the bags.

Sitting in passenger seat, with Darin in the middle, Robin started things in the parking lot, asking, "What if you take'm out for me?"

"Holy shit...hungry sweetie?"

"Baby, I can't even tell you." 

Darin wasn't passing it up and unbuckled his belt. I exchanged a smile with him, "Go for it, dude...I'll get us home."

She giggled, "Yeah, he'll get you home and I'll get you off."

"Go Robin," I laughed. Using the tip of her tongue, she went for it, savoring the long, hard shaft. Unable to resist her cravings, she took it between her lips, and he watched it disappear. I sank back into the seat, deciding I could deal with a little distracted driving. I pulled into the street and headed home, while she went to town.

I glanced over to see her rocking her head, from side to side, pushing him into her throat. Once he started pumping, she was easily taking her lips all the way to base. Things were getting hot, but I was trying to drive and watch...in long smooth thrusts, his entire dick was sliding through my girlfriend's lips.

He knew she loved sucking cock this way, so he picked up the pace and humped into her face, "Fuckkkkk! That's good...Robin...fuckin' take it...take it, deep!" Thrusting with the long strokes, he pushed hard, pressing her lips deep into his pubes. As I pulled into the garage, it looked like she was getting the first of his precum. When she pulled away, a tiny strand leashed her lips to his cockhead. Once she tasted that manly salt, it drove her nuts; she swirled her tongue over the head and took it back in her mouth. 

I pulled the key from the ignition and she looked up into my eyes. I saw a tiny drop on her bottom lip, and pushed it through her lips, with my finger. With my hand, I held her face, and she reached over to give me a feel. Finding it stretched down my leg, she continued to stroke Darin with her right hand, while her other hand rubbed over the outlined shaft. My dick wanted out; it was turgid but not completely hard...not yet. Without speaking...only grinning, she licked Darin's and leaned over him and flicked her tongue over my bulge. 

Still using both hands, she spoke, "Mmmmmm...he wants some, too...doesn't he?"

"Yeah, he wants some, but he enjoyed watching you two." I was so horny; I could've bent them both over the tailgate and taken them right there, in the garage. But I looked at them, "I think we need to finish this inside."

Robin was excited, "I'm thinking fireplace?"

Darin grinned, "I was thinking the very same thing."

All I could say was, "It's freaking cold out here...we do need to get inside." 

They climbed out and went back to open the tailgate to grab a couple bags. We put the groceries on the island and Robin started putting things in the fridge. 

Making out some, I leaned her against the fridge, and pressed my body against hers. We looked up to see Darin grinning and holding a package of foot-long brats, "Got one question...what were your plans for these?" 

"Well, I thought we'd put them on the grill-top," she grinned, "and I guess I was thinking of you guys and the weekend together...I guess. That's why I jumped you in the truck, sweetie."

"That's why you were giggling, at the store, by the hotdogs. I turned and thought you were talking to someone...but you were plotting your attack...an attack on two innocent, young men."

"You're funny...I was definitely making plans, but innocent? Please!"

"I think we should pull one out and see how we compare?"

"Honey, you're not doing that...gimme those."

Darin grinned, "Well, I was hoping to keep one...just give me fifteen or twenty minutes alone!"

"You and me both, sweetie...but you two are not gonna play with food." She grinned, "I really thought I was done with teenage boys, when Chris left for college."

I laughed, "Well, you've got two...and you're just no fun. Would you like some...I'll pour."

"That's a great idea...you do that."

I looked at Darin, "Can you start the fire? The matches are on the hearth and it should be ready to go."

"Sounds good but watch her with the brats...she may lose control, again," as he walked out of the kitchen. She giggled and we went back to putting things away.

"And look...your bigger! My fingers wouldn't touch like this, if this were you," she had pulled out a brat and wrapped her fist around it.

I grinned, "Now look who's playing with food."

I poured hers and followed her into the living room; that cute little butt swayed, and she looked over her shoulder, "Baby, we really need to get back to what I started in the truck."

"I think somebody really needs to get herself some! I was going to say we need to do the grocery shopping together more often, but horny has never been problem for either of us."

Darin had the fire going and I handed him a glass, "Darin, the minute I turned my back, she was playing with the brats."

"Oh, stop! I was just trying to put your mind at ease...I know how sensitive men can be." 

Darin chided in, "Robin, it's okay to admit you get horny in the wiener aisle."

"It is...and you got two hot guys to help you through the problem...this horniness problem. Why don't you just, lay back, spread your legs... and we'll take over," unbuckling my pants and dropping them to the floor. 

She was still grinning and leaned forward to close her hand around my dick, "Sweetie, you know I need this."

She guided the tip up to her pussy, and I eased forward, almost sinking to the base. "Oh my god...oh my god...yeah...yeah...deep...mmmm...mmmm...that's good!"

I pushed her legs further back and started pumping. "Mmmmmm...yeah...you're so tight...so fucking tight...yeah...yeah...so fuckin' tight on my dick. That's my baby girl...yeah...yeah...yeah!"

Darin pushed lube into his ass and stroked, in the glow of the fire, "Fuck...this fire feels good...and my ass's ready." He laughed, "Robin, I think I got that horny problem, too."

In the warm light, the veining grew more defined as his dick swelled; before it was completely erect, it looked heavy, bobbing downward like a big, horse cock. I looked up to see his eyes, totally focused on my dick, as it hammered her pussy, "Darin, I see you like what you see." 

"Yeah...I need it, too...need your dick. Holy shit...its fuckin' hot!" Yearning for cock, he grinned and started spilling his thoughts (I guess he felt comfortable), "I love to fuck, but I really love to be fucked...just like Robin...I can't wait to get it in me...you know? It feels so...so fucking good! The way it stretches, and you keep going...you just keep fucking...mmmm, it's the fuckin' best feeling. Fuck'r...yeah...fuck'r...fuck'r hard...she needs it hard! Give'r that that dick...fuck'r hard...yeah...make her feel it...hard...yeah!""

Robin let loose, throwing her head back and moaning, "Oh fuck...fuck, Darin...yer right...so right...it's good...so fucking good! Fuck me...fuck me...fuck me hard...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...hard...fuck me hard...yeah...yeah...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...yeah!" 

My attention shifted, as my hands moved from her waist to grip tighter; her hips were sensuously curved. I pulled out to tease her, thrusting the shaft up over wetness. She reached down to push it back in, "Put it in me...fuck me...fuck me...yeah...tear up that pussy...yeah...yeah...fuck me...that's it, baby!"

I pushed it all the way and started pumping into the tantalizing heat. I held her legs way back and my fingers dug deep, as she threw her head back, again. When our eyes met, we both saw fiery lust...a hunger, pure and simple. With the moaning, and the sounds of sex, we got lost in the sensuous pleasures of fucking...deep...hard...fucking. It was likely that neither of us could take much more, and I had to push things back, "Robin...Robin...fuck...fuck, I gotta stop...gotta pull out!"

I laid on the couch so she could straddle my face, putting her wetness within reach. Her clit, inches from my face, was ripe and totally exposed. I nearly forgot about Darin, till I felt his hands, "Dude, my dick is yours...it's your turn." 

He always overlooked it because he was getting a man's cock, but I knew he was going to taste pussy...a whole lot of pussy. I laughed some, "I know I'm burying my tongue in the source, but it's not your gig...um...maybe douse it with wine. You know...have a little wine with your sausage?"

He spread some over the shaft...then sprinkled a little more and quickly soaked it up with his tongue. I felt moans vibrate as he struggled to get it all in his mouth.

Spreading her open and seeing nothing but wet, pinkness, "Fuck, I gotta have some of that...sweet...sweet pussy!" I knew exactly what she needed and buried my face. Pumping with a couple fingers, I licked over the lips and the tiny hood, "Mmmmmmmm...fuck! Mmmmmm...its tight...its good, baby...so good!"

Pressing against my face, I felt her fingers grip tighter. While Darin worked my dick, I fucked with my tongue and rubbed her clit. It wasn't long before I had to take it back between my lips...it was almost pulsing...it looked like a red currant, ready for picking. She was screaming from the pleasure my tongue gave her, "Fuck...Rob...Rob...Rob...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...don't stop...don't stop...oh god, don't stop!"

As intense waves of ecstasy flowed through her body, she tightened her thighs, and fucked my lips with her clit. "Uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...that's...that's making me cum! Making me cum...yeah...yeah...yeah...yeah...yeah...sweetie...make me...yesssss...yesssss...yessssss!" To ride out the final throes, her hips pressed hard against my face. 

Completely spent, she collapsed to cover my face with kisses; I held her tight and felt her heart pound.

Immediately taking control, Darin moved from sucking dick to riding dick. He eased himself down, "Shit Rob...fuck, that's what I need...need that big dick...uhhhh...yeah...yeah...fuck!" He anxiously took it all; rocking back and forth, it wasn't long before his senses overwhelmed his body. 

"Yeah, ride it...ride it, dude! Fuckin' use that dick...use it...use it...fuck yourself...yeah, fuck yourself!"

He grabbed his dick and started stroking; his eyes rolled back, and he moaned, "Fuck...oh yeah...oh yeah...fuck...fuck, Rob...mmmm...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...close...close...so close!" 

I watched him stroke and thought there was still room for another hand on that big thing. I was ready to help, but things quickly got heated and our hips started working together. I was thrusting into his ass, while he slammed down hard, meeting each thrust. 

We did this over and over, until his muscles stiffened, and I knew it was building, deep in his balls. It was smokin' hot to see his whole body shudder. His back arched and he screamed, while he fucked himself, "Fuck, I'm gonna cum...yer makin' me cum...makin' me cum...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...yeah...yeah...yeah! Rob...put that dick in me...put it in meeeeeee...fuck meeeeee...yeahhhhh...fuck meeeeeee!" 

I watched hot cream, from his big ten-inch dick, spray over my chest. It dripped down over the long shaft, but he just kept riding.

"Ooooh! Look...look at that beautiful load, baby," as she ran her fingers through the seed.

I moaned, "Mmmmmm...you needed that didn't you?" 

With his eyes shut, he mumbled with a big exhale, "Yeah...yeah...I needed that...fuck, I needed that."

Steamy seed on my chest and a cowboy riding my dick, left me with little control. I felt my balls tighten; I thrust forward one last time and released deep inside. He rode me through it, "Oh god that's perfect...fill me with that load...gimme that load...gimme that load...yeah, fuckin' gimme that load!"

Robin licked her fingers and purred, "Mmmmm...yeah! That's it, baby...that's it...cum hard...cum hard...give'm that load...give'm all that load!"

"Fuck! Fuck, that's good! Mmmmmm...Darin...I needed it, too...you're a hot cowboy!"

His eyes met mine, and I could see satisfaction, lust...and surrender. I could see my alpha-male status was solid...and his ass was mine for the taking.

As soon as things passed and we all caught our breath, Robin grinned, "Well, that has to be the best way to celebrate a cold winter night."

"You got that, sweetie."

"I think if you put a fire, wine and bratwursts together, you're probably gonna get sex," he laughed.

"I should always keep a few around, but I really think you're both always horny," she giggled, "and my glass's almost empty."

She grabbed the bottle, filled our glasses and headed to the kitchen for another, "Stick with cab or wanna go for one of the Brunello's, we have in the back? 

"We deserve the good stuff, after that superior sexual performance...what do you think, cowboy?"

"Valid reasoning to me, but does it go with popcorn?"

"Yeah, maybe stay with cabernet...there will be more superior sexual performances." 

Before I got more firewood, I threw on my t-shirt and Darin's boxers (they were convenient); the snow wasn't sticking but it was cold, so I moved fast. 

When I laid the wood on the hearth, my shirt was sticking to what Darin sprayed on my chest. 

Robin came back in, "You can't go out there like that...no shoes...you're crazy, Rob!"

"Calm down...I put on clothes."

"Hardly...and you got no shoes...really? You are a big kid, sometimes."

I gave her peck, emptied my glass and laughed, "Calm down...I may act like teenage boy, but I'll always need my hot MILF. Can you spot me more wine...this teenager needs a freaking shower?"

While I was in the shower, they popped popcorn over the fire, and had a bowl waiting. Robin always makes the best popcorn; she adds parmesan and oregano with the butter. I think we spent another hour or so in front of the fire with our wine and popcorn, before heading off to bed.

*************************************************************

The next morning, I was going to make coffee, but noticed the glass next to the bed...left over cabernet. Robin was already awake, and I whispered, "Sweetie, your breasts look parched...do they need wine?"

She knew where I was going and whispered, "Everything's better with wine."

A perfect way to start the morning...I rubbed it over her nips and sucked till Darin woke; then she had to have us both, of course, and took turns, on wine-soaked cocks. 

She cradled my dick with both hands and kissed the underside; she worked the sensitive patch under the head and swirled her tongue over the tip. Slowly and sensuously, she sucked the head through her lips; I moaned, "Robin...fuck yeah...yeah...yeah...ahhhh...that's good!"

While using her hands to spread the spit sheen, she tipped her head back and forced it deeper. It filled her mouth and I felt moans hum through the hard flesh; I only got louder, "Oh god...suck it...yeah, suck that dick...suck me...suck me...yeah...yeah...yeah, like that!" 

She got on top and leaned down so I could work her breasts more; when our lips met, I kissed, probing her mouth with my tongue. We could barely savor that moment, before she was lining herself up, and working me into her pussy. 

"When do you wanna surprise him?"

He was jacking his dick and smiling, "What surprise?"

She grinned, "Oh you'll see, sweetie...you'll see!"

Humping forward, I watched her eyes as the thick shaft forced her open. Cock-lust pushed her into a spirited ride; she used her whole body to fuck, rocking back and forth and bouncing wildly. With her plump, little ass slapping into my lap, she moaned, "Yeah...yeah, that's good! It feels so good, baby!"

Riding her pussy up and down my dick, essentially masturbating me with pussy, "Mmmmmm...I got so wet when I had it in my mouth...uhhhh...uhhhh...how's it feel...sweetie, how's that wet pussy feel?" 

"Mmmmmm...uhhhh...uhhhh...fuck...fucking amazing!"

She grabbed for my shoulders, sinking her fingers deep. My cock throbbed in her pussy, "Ride it...ride it...ride it hard, baby girl...ride my dick...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...yeah...yeah...yeah...fuck...fuckin' ride it...ride it!"

Finally, she rolled off with a big grin, "I think I need both my boys...at the same time...please...please?

"First...come here, sweetie; taste yourself...lick all that Robin off."

She got up on her haunches, "Mmmmmmm...yeah...yeah, I'll lick it clean," and Darin came in behind.

Her tongue swirling over the throbbing plum, she savored the musky wetness for a moment, before going after more. She wrapped her lips tight and bobbed, cradling my balls in one hand, and going deeper. After a few minutes, I pulled out and she started to jerk it with both of hands, "Yeah, it tastes as good as it looks...yer so fucking big, honey...love it."

When she took it back between her lips, Darin was grinning, ear to ear, "Yeah dude, you are big...give'r her that pussy juice for breakfast...fuck'r...fuck'r mouth...yeah fuck'r!"

It popped free again and she smiled up at me, while Darin pushed deeper. Her whole-body shuddered and her eyes rolled back, "Honey, gimme that dick back...spit-roast me...I wanna spit roast!"

Her fingers dug into the bed, as he started pumping, "Mmmmm...yeahhhhh, that's what a girl needs...uhhhh...uhhhh...in the...in the morning...yeah...yeah...that's it." Our tongues danced over each other with yet unsated desire; the sexy, crazed grin was 100% Robin.

His cock strained the limits of her pussy, "Mmmm, sweetie that's it...let me feel it...feel it in my belly...feel it in my bellybutton...yeah...yeah...that's it!"

Her status as a hungry cock-slut was always out-front...at least to us. I got to my knees and fucked through her lips. Mercilessly impaled on two big dicks, she totally surrendered her body to all her needs. 

When I looked up, my pleasured grins met with his. Pumping hard into that tight, little body, we pushed against each other, squeezing her between us...the beauty of a spit-roast! We both grabbed hold to keep her steady, while we penetrated her body as deep as we could. Fucking fast and hard, Darin's hips were a complete blur.

Her face was flushed with pink, and her body was awash with the pleasure of being fucked. I moaned, "Fuck'r, dude...fuck'r...don't stop...don't stop...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...own that pussy...make it yours...fuck'r...make it yours!"

"Damn, girl! Yeah...take all this dick...yeah...yeah...take my dick...take Darin's big dick...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...take all this dick...all this dick...yeah...yeah that's it!" I kept humping her, but I was getting close and had to pull out. Each time, I could push orgasm back, I was buying more euphoria. "Sweetie, I'm too fuckin' close...let him see your new toy?"

She was still a little breathless but managed, "Sounds fun...its time," and she scrambled over to the nightstand. She pulled it from the drawer and, with a huge grin, held up the big dildo, "You ready for a spit-roast? Rob and I can spit-roast you!"

As soon as he saw it, he grinned, "Fuck yeah! Bring it on!"
