 "One more thing, Sim," she stopped me as I turned to go. Was I EVER going to get a chance to jack off today?! With a double click of her desk buzzer she called in her secretary - Michelle. 

I studied Michelle's body briefly as she strolled in. Michelle was a hottie straight out off college. Her body had a firmness that let you know she'd been involved in some sport or another. 

"Yes, Ms. Ross?" Michelle's body was poured into the business suit. She didn't have the knock-out body of her boss; but, it still demanded your attention. I stood slightly behind her to catch a look at her ass.

"Mr. Griffin here is going to head the new project," Roberta's voice was glazed over from her self-pleasure session. "I need your assistance explaining his benefits package."

"Of course, Ms. Ross," Michelle said in that perky voice of hers. She smoothed her suit as she turned toward me. Before I could speak, she was going down! She had my zipper completely undone by the time her knees hit the floor. My eyes bugged at the recognition of her intention. Like viewing a new creature, Michelle looked inquisitively at the string of pre-cum that oozed from my cock-head.

"Congratulations, Simmy," Roberta came from behind her desk as Michelle ran her tongue up along my vein. "I know you'll like this position."

Michelle's mouth felt like a wet, velvet glove as she wrapped it around my root. Roberta was sitting in the chair next to mine, looking on. That was so hot! Michelle moved her head back and forth sensually and worked her tongue around the crown of the head. I could feel the saliva level rising as she went on. Then slowly, ever so slowly, she sucked the wetness away and hollowed her cheeks tight around me. I was going crazy! I felt as though I'd fall on my ass if I didn't find something to steady me. Instinctively I reached for her head. "Heyyyy," Michelle spoke as she moved my hands from her hair. "I can't have my hair messed up when I go home to my man, now."

"Hold these."

My eyes, that I'd squeezed shut during Michelle's favor, popped open to see Roberta standing over Michelle. She hadn't put her bra back on. Her eyes were full of desire ... and power as she felt my hands on her body for the first time. My eyes rolled in my head as I luxuriated in the feel of her hot flesh.

"Do him right, sugar," Roberta cooed to Michelle, running her hands along the young girl's face and neck. Apparently, this encouragement turned Michelle into overdrive. She doubled her efforts and went up and down on me with speed and suction that was too much for me to handle. I squeezed Roberta's healthy tits as I pumped jet after jet into the pretty young thang's mouth. Drained, I fell back into my chair. Like a sweet little pussy-cat Michelle licked up and down my dick making sure it was nice and clean.

"That's my boo." Roberta looked proudly at Michelle as the young girl rose to her feet. They shared the most sensual kiss I'd ever seen, with Michelle grabbing Roberta's healthy ass in both hands. After they finally separated - not without Michelle rubbing her face in our boss' bosom - Roberta was back to business.

And they're going to pay me for this?!!