 Part Three

Spotscat -- January 2010

(A Quick One While He's Away)

Uh-oh! This could be trouble!

I roll over, sit up in bed, and sleepily begin to take stock of the situation. Rochelle is standing in the doorway of Raylene's bedroom, hands on her hips, and looking at the both of us.

"You are such a nasty ol' whore, Raylene!" exclaims Rochelle. "Fuckin' my man while I'm gone! You should be ashamed!"

"Well I'm not!" replies Raylene. "He stopped by to see you, and I invited him over for dinner, then..."

"Then you decided to fuck him!"

"Well... it's like this... he's such a handsome man, and after what you told me about him, I just had to try him on for size!"

"And just how many times did you try him on?" asks Rochelle.

"I... uhhhh... I forget. I kinda lost count." Raylene declares with a smile. "But dammit Rochelle, he's every bit as good as you said he was, and then some! Now I understand why you were smilin' for a week straight!"

Maybe I'm still not fully awake, but Rochelle doesn't seem angry that Raylene and I had sex - she seems angrier that she might have missed out on something.

"And you!" says Rochelle, as she looks at me. "Sleepin' with my twin sister. You figured if I wasn't around, then Raylene would do just fine, eh?"

"She seduced me!" I sluggishly reply. "She took advantage of me!"

"Oh bullshit!" exclaims Rochelle, snickering at me. "I'll bet you didn't lift a finger to try and stop her, did you?"

"Uhhhh..."

"I thought so! So... did she wear you out last night? Is there anything left for me?"

"I dunno," says Raylene with a wicked smile. "I think I wrung him out pretty good last night!"

"You better not have, you slut!" says Rochelle. "I'll be gawddamned if I'm going to use my vibrator again because you drained him dry!"

"I... I... don't think that'll be a problem Rochelle!" I say as I smile and look her in the eyes. "It's good to see you again. I really like your new smile!"

"Quit schmoozing me, you horndog!" Rochelle says as she smiles back at me. "I'm going to take a shower. Why don't you fix us all some breakfast, Raylene. That is, if you can still walk!"

"I dunno if I can," replies Raylene with her evil grin. "I'm pretty sore from last night!"

"You are such a whore!" says Rochelle, as she shakes her head and walks off. 

"Close the door and turn off the light, you bitch!" Raylene yells at Rochelle as she walks away. After a few seconds, Raylene gets out of the bed, walks over and closes the bedroom door and turns the overhead light off. As she walks over and back, I can't help but notice her hefty tits jiggling and her round ass wiggling. Have mercy, the two of them are built like brick shithouses!

Raylene gets back in bed, and looks at me with a smile on her face. "Don't worry about that! Rochelle and I have slept with each other's man more times than either of us can remember! As a matter of fact, there are only..." - a pause as she concentrates - "...three, no, four men that we haven't shared!"

"Hmmm..." I reply. "Interesting. I thought we were dead meat there for a moment! Lord knows she about scared the shit outta me when I woke up and saw her standing there!"

"Well, you need to go in and see her! Go take a shower with her, she likes that!"

"Really? I should?"

"Hell yeah!" exclaims Raylene. "She's always liked having sex in the shower! But, before you go..." as Raylene pushes me back, straddles me, and sits on my crotch "...I want a little morning wake-me-up!"

Raylene scoots down so that the head of my prick is just touching the opening of her hot pussy. She looks down at me and says, "How 'bout it, Steve? Think you can gimme a quickie before breakfast?"

"Ummmm... maybe!" I reply. My cock has no doubts, however -- it's rapidly beginning to swell, and I feel it press against Raylene's already sopping wet gash. 

Raylene wiggles her hips a little, and slowly begins to slide her wet pussy down on my stony cock. But, before she can get much more than the first couple of inches inside her, I raise my knees up so that her downward travel is stopped.

"What're you doing!" Raylene gasps with frustration in her voice. "I thought we would..."

"Would what?" I say as I slowly flex my legs and let her sink down just a little more on my prick. "You thought we would what?"

"Ohhhhh... don't do that to me!" moans Raylene as I slowly stroke the swollen head of my cock in and out of her wonderful wetness. "Don't tease me like that!"

"So... do you want me?" 

"Ohhhhh yessssss..." she moans. "I want you inside me!"

"Are you sure?" I ask, as I continue slowly fucking Raylene with just a bit of my cock. 

"Ohhhhh yessssss...! Stick that bad boy in me and fuck me! Please! Don't tease me anymore, fuck me!" she exclaims heatedly.

"If that's what you want...", as I abruptly lower my knees.

Raylene is caught off-guard, and she plops down on my midsection, my nine-inch cock quickly ramming itself into her juicy twat until it's fully buried inside her.

"Unnnnnnggggghhhh!" grunts Raylene with her eyes closed, as she shudders on top of me, her huge titties shaking like Jell-O. "Uuuuuummmmmm...".

I reach down and begin fondling her enormous tits, rubbing my hands along the sides, pulling on her nipples, and making them stick out from her chest. I try to lift myself up and suck on one of them, but I can't bend that far forward with Raylene sitting straight up on me -- I need the riser from last night!

As Raylene sits on my cock, I reach down, grab her hips, and begin slowly pulling her forward, then pushing her backwards so that her clit grinds on my crotch. My cock is fully immersed in her sopping wet snatch, and I can feel her pussy ever-so-gently begin to quiver around my prick.

"Oh damn that's good!" exclaims Raylene. "I may have to start gettin' my pussy fucked again!"

"Huh? You what?"

"Ever since Rochelle and I were teenagers," says Raylene as she slowly begins stroking her heavenly pussy onto my deeply buried cock, "Rochelle is the one that all the boys wanted to screw because she can squeeze her pussy so tight. We both give pretty good blowjobs, but I knew I could never compete with her squeezebox, so I started lettin' boys do me in my ass."

"I see," I remark as I continue playing with Raylene's huge tits. "So that's why you said you were an ass-slut last night?"

"Did I?" gasps Raylene as she rolls her hips and makes my cock slither about inside her dripping wet tunnel. "You made me so crazy, I don't remember what I said!"

"You said something about how you liked being fucked in the ass..."

"I do," groans Raylene as she slowly raises herself up and slides back down on my cock. "I usually just get fucked in my ass, but this feels so damn good, I may have to let you fuck my pussy more often!"

"Just keep letting me play with these big titties..." I say as I tug gently on Raylene's nipples, "...and I'll fuck you when and where ever you want!"

"It's a deal!" replies Raylene. "I was the one that all the boys were after at first, because my titties were bigger than Rochelle's when we were young. And, they still are bigger!"

"I thought so," I say as I continue slowly fucking my cock into Raylene's juicy pussy. "I didn't want to say anything, but I thought you were a little more top-heavy than Rochelle."

"I am!" says Raylene as she begins pushing her cunt down onto my prick as I steadily thrust up into her. "She's a 42DD, I'm a 46F."

A soft whistle escapes my lips. "Wow! I exclaim. "That's fantastic!"

"You like my big breasts?" asks Raylene, leering at me as she grinds her luscious pussy onto my cock. "Do my big titties make you horny, little boy?"

"Whatta you think? I reply as I begin flexing my hips with more force, and making Raylene vigorously bounce up and down on my cock as her titties softly slap together. "You think I like women with big boobs?"

"I think you love women with big boobs!" exclaims Raylene as I feel her furnace-like twat begin to clench and tighten around my rock-hard cock. "Oh shit, if you keep fuckin' me like this, I'm gonna come!"

"Me too!" I respond as I begin picking up speed and pummeling my cock in and out of Raylene's hot pussy a little faster.

"No! You can't!" says Raylene as she plunks down heavily on my crotch and brings us to a stop. "You need to save it for Rochelle!"

I quickly push Raylene off of me and onto her back. "I'll be plenty ready for Rochelle when I go shower. Right now, I'm ready for you!"

I put my cock at the entrance to Raylene's creamy pussy and lift her legs so that her heels are on my shoulders. Before she can stop me, I instantly slide my cock into her cunt until it's fully inside her. 

"MMmmmmm..." moans Raylene. "OOOoooooo that feels so good!"

"Don't you worry about Rochelle", I murmur quietly as I begin briskly stroking my cock in Raylene's sodden twat. "She'll get hers, right after you get yours!" 

I pull Raylene's legs tightly against me, as I begin pounding my prick into her syrupy gash. Raylene's girl goo is flowing out of her appreciative cunt and covering my balls with its sticky warmth.

"Ohhh..." moans Raylene. "My pussy feels like it's on fire! Fuck me hard and make me come!"

I piston my cock in and out of Raylene, my balls making a thwacking sound as they slap against her asshole. Raylene's gigantic tits are wobbling crazily on her chest, as she grips my arms with her hands.

"How's that feel?" I ask Raylene, as I look her in her steel-blue eyes. "You like that?"

"Ohh yeah!" Raylene moans. "Talk dirty to me!"

"Mmmm... you like feeling my cock inside your pussy, don't you? It makes you all tingly inside, doesn't it?"

"Ohhhhhh... more, please, more!"

"Feel me, babe!" I say as I lift up a little and rub the shaft of my cock against her clit as I stroke into her and feel her pussy get even wetter. "Your pussy is so good Raylene," I moan with desire. "Your pussy is so good and tight, and you're so damn sexy! I could stay here forever, lovin' you and makin' you come for me!"

"Ohhhhh... you make me tremble inside! I'm gonna come soon!"

"It's my cock that makes you tremble! Come for me, Raylene! Come all over my cock!"

"I'm... gonna... come... I'm... gonna... come...!" wails Raylene. "Ohhh... fuck... yeah...! Come... on... me... I... want... you... to... come... on... me...!" grunts Raylene as she looks me in the eyes while I pound her pussy. "Shoot... it... on... me...!"

Raylene arches her back as I drive deeply into her overflowing snatch, and I feel her begin to shudder with orgasmic delight. My balls begin to tighten up, and quickly I pull out of Raylene's pussy, and rub it against her oily pussy lips. That's all I need to start my own orgasm, and as I begin to come, I rest my cock on her thick, light brown bush and lower abdomen.

"Ohhhh yeah!" wails Raylene as I begin to come. "Oh fuck yeah!" Her eyes are closed, and she's digging her heels into my shoulders -- shaking and quivering as she climaxes. 

The first shot blasts out of the head of my cock, over Raylene, and splatters on the wall above her. My second and third shots thud heavily onto her colossal tits, drenching them with my jizz. My balls are pressed up against Raylene's hot pussy, and she shrieks with pleasure as they throb and pulse, making my come shoot onto her. 

Raylene reaches down with her hand, and strokes my cock as I continue to come. "Oooooo... that's so wild! I love to feel your cock throb when you come!" 

A couple of more hard spurts land on her mid-section, and one final spurt manages to fill her bellybutton to overflowing. The rest of my come trickles out of the tip of my cock, and soaks her hairy bush.

I exhale heavily, and slowly let Raylene's legs down from where I've been tightly clutching them. As my breathing returns to normal, I look at Raylene -- she's a mess. Her tits, stomach, and snatch are coated with sticky white goo. 

"Ohmigawd!" breathlessly exclaims Raylene. "That wasn't a wake-me-up, that was a put-me-out! I need a nap!"

"Un-unh..." I laughingly say as I lightly slap Raylene on the cheek of her round ass. "You've got breakfast to fix, and I've got to go see Rochelle. Get up!"

"A small nap," says Raylene. "Just a few minutes."

"If you don't get up," I say with mock anger in my voice. "I'll... I'll... I'll never have sex with you again!"

Her eyes immediately snap open, and she looks at me with disbelief on her face. "You wouldn't do that to me, would you?

"Probably not..." I say, smiling at her. "But let's not find out, okay? C'mon, get up... duty calls!"

"Oh shit, alright!" lightly grumbles Raylene as she crawls out of bed. I climb off of the bed behind her, and Raylene turns to me. She hugs me tightly, her enormous jizz-covered tits pressing into my chest, and says, "That was wonderful! I haven't had it that good since I can't remember when! You go shower, I'll have breakfast ready in about thirty minutes!"

I gently kiss Raylene, and run my hands over her luscious body. She hugs me close for a few seconds longer, then breaks loose and says, "Go!"

"I'm on my way!" as I walk out of her bedroom. 

I head down the short hallway, across the kitchen and living room, and down the other little hallway leading to the other two bedrooms. I stop for a minute and listen. The sound of water running seems to be coming from the farthest bedroom, and I slowly open the door.

The sound of running water gets louder as I cross the bedroom. A burst of steamy, moist air drifts out as I open the bathroom door, and I quickly step inside, closing the door behind me.

I walk over to the shower, gently slide the glass shower door open, and step inside. The shower is nice and hot, and as I close the shower door, Rochelle turns around and faces me.

"Did you like fuckin' my sister? Is she as good as me?"

(To be continued...)