 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me. Your opinions are welcome but your attacks are not.

Note: If you haven't already, read Robyn and Robyn & Bev, which are prequels to this story. 

*

The morning after Robyn had invited her roommate Bev to join in our sexual escapades, I told my own roommate, Rob, not to make any plans for that night or for the rest of the weekend. When he asked why, I just told him that Robyn and Bev had requested that we be available. He knew that I had recently become sexually involved with Robyn, but he wasn't aware of what had happened just the previous night. He would find out soon enough. While I was certainly looking forward to the night ahead, I was still reveling in the pleasant surprise of the previous night. The day still seemed to drag, though. As soon as we were all finally home from work, Robyn and Bev were on their way to our place.

They hadn't dressed any differently than normal, which wasn't surprising, but I still thought they looked yummy in their shorts and t-shirts. I let them take charge and they led Rob over to the couch, sitting on either side of him. I just hung back a little as they started telling him that they'd both sucked my cock the previous night while he'd been in class then started to massage his cock through his shorts. Listening to them was getting me hard as I recalled the pleasures of the previous night so I imagine that, with both of them caressing his cock, he must have been like a steel rod. Finally they started to open his shorts to extract it, which didn't interest me, but I knew that, once they started taking care of him, I'd be interested in watching that.

Neither of them had kissed him but, once they had his cock out and were pumping it and caressing his balls, they both lowered their heads toward his lap. Robyn caught my eye and smiled as she was pumping the base of Rob's cock while Bev wrapped her lips around it. I smiled back and threw her a wink then she took her turn sliding her mouth up and down Rob's cock. Since I'd already experienced both mouths, I knew exactly how much pleasure he was feeling. I also knew that it had been a while since the last time he'd gotten laid or blown and that he'd never experienced the pleasure of two women blowing him at one time. I was assuming that it wouldn't be long before they had him blowing his load.

Though I wasn't necessarily interested in seeing my roommate's cock, it didn't feel all that different from watching a skin movie; watching Robyn and Bev inhaling his cock was what I found hot. Of course when he started sounding like he was ready to cum, I wasn't expecting him to jack his load all over their faces, and that was perfectly okay with me, too. Bev let out a muffled squeal as he apparently started cumming then quickly shared his bounty with Robyn who finished him off. Bev sucked him a little more even though he was obviously spent and let his cock fall from her mouth as he was starting to go flaccid. They sat up and, as he was trying to catch his breath and recover, they started to detail how they'd ended up sucking my cock the previous night, and everything else we'd done, as well.

"So, since we're all friends here," Bev concluded, "we certainly didn't want to leave you out of the fun. We figured we'd all just spend the weekend together - naked, sweaty and sticky."

"Which means we're all wearing too much clothing," Robyn pointed out. Together the two of them got Rob's shorts and underwear completely off then Bev pulled his shirt over his head as Robyn stood and positioned herself in front of him. I was on the nearby recliner so I had a good view, too, as she started to raise her t-shirt. As her pretty face disappeared, her bra came into view and her hard nipples were clearly pushing the thin material outward. She cast her t-shirt aside and immediately started to unfasten her shorts, which were quickly at her ankles, revealing a pair of bikini panties that matched her bra. As she started to unfasten the front clasp of her bra, I thought not for the first time that day how sexy she was and how lucky I was. She thrust her chest forward as she let her bra slide down her arms behind her back then was bending forward as she slid her panties down her long, thin legs. She did a quick spin to show off her entire body, then went to sit back on the couch beside Rob as Bev stood.

Bev took Robyn's spot and my attention was fully on her as she followed the same routine that Robyn had, stripping off her t-shirt, dropping her shorts then reaching behind her back to unfasten her bra. I watched as her hard nipples and pink areolas were revealed then my focus dropped to the front of her panties in anticipation of seeing her golden bush again. I was momentarily distracted by her swinging tits as she leaned forward but then zeroed in on her trim, blonde bush as she straightened up. Even though I'd devoured it the previous night, I felt a brief twinge of jealousy as she stepped up onto the couch and straddled Rob's face. My attention was drawn from her ass when Robyn moved off the couch to kneel on the floor as she worked on reviving Rob's cock with her hands and her mouth. I stood and stripped my own clothes off as I moved behind her, kneeling and guiding my rigid cock toward her pussy.

We both moaned as I slipped into her and I savored the feeling of her hot pussy once again before starting to slowly slide in and out, holding her hips. Glancing up, I could see Rob's tongue at work on Bev's pussy as he gripped her ass cheeks in his hands. Robyn was still working on his cock with her hands and mouth but I couldn't tell what kind of progress she was making until she raised her head and, as she pumped it in her fist, addressed Bev.

"Bev, his cock is ready, if you want to sit on it," she said. Bev looked down and immediately began to lower herself down, reaching for his tool as Robyn released it and shifted to the side. As Bev guided Rob's cock into her pussy, causing both of them to moan, Robyn rested her head on the couch and started to push back against me while reaching down between her thighs to stroke her clit. I didn't have enough experience with her yet to know for sure but I suspected that, between the anticipation and the blowjob she'd already given, Robyn was pretty fired up and it probably wouldn't take long for her to cum; Bev, either, for that matter. She was bouncing up and down on Rob's tool as they made out passionately and he continued squeezing her ass. I reached around to cup Robyn's tits since she was working on her clit and gently squeezed her hard nipples. I'm not sure if that helped her along or not but she was starting moan more and I could feel her pussy becoming even hotter and more slippery the longer I was fucking her.

Once I started getting the sense that she was right on the verge of cumming, I slipped my hands back up to her hips and made sure that I was giving her the full length of my cock. This was in part to help her cum but also so that I could enjoy as much of the pleasurable sensation of her hot pussy as possible. I was mostly focused on Robyn but I did notice that Rob and Bev had stopped making out and she was riding him hard and fast, so I suspected that she was on the verge of cumming, as well. Robyn beat Bev to the punch, though not by much. She pushed back hard and I could feel her body trembling as she let out a soft cry. I continued to slowly fuck her, enjoying the increased lubrication while also feeling pleased that I'd been able to get her off once again. When Bev let out a cry of her own, I glanced over and she was just sitting on Rob's cock but I could see her body shaking subtly.

"You want some of this?" Bev asked Robyn once she'd recovered. As Robyn started to get up, causing my cock to slip out of her, Bev moved next to Rob, sitting on the couch. Robyn straddled Rob and guided his cock to her hot pussy as my attention was focused on Bev's trim, blonde bush. I couldn't resist lowering my head and licking her slit, tasting her nectar and causing her to moan. I didn't eat her pussy long enough to make her cum, though I suspect it wouldn't have taken much time, because I slipped a finger into her as I was licking her clit and realized how hot and wet her pussy was. Since my cock was not currently doing anything aside from throbbing, I straightened up and slipped it into Bev. We started to make out as I slid my cock in and out of her and she clearly had no issue with tasting her own flavor.

I was savoring the feel of her pussy since I hadn't been certain after the previous night whether I'd get another opportunity to fuck her. I still wasn't sure where all of this was going to end up and, although I suspected I'd have a few more chances to slip my cock into her over that weekend, I wasn't going to take it for granted. I definitely got the sense that she was enjoying having my tongue in her mouth and my cock in her pussy, as well. The only issue as we continued fucking was the difference in rhythms between our fucking and Rob and Robyn's. They were moving up and down while we were moving back and forth and we were close enough together that it got just a little distracting. Finally, I picked Bev up and turned, lowering us to the carpet without even slipping my cock out of her.

Propped up on my elbows over her, we continued making out while I went back to fucking her, this time in the missionary position. She was rocking her hips in sync with my thrusting so that I was getting a nice, deep penetration into her hot, slippery pussy. I was definitely able to lose myself a little bit better being farther away from the other two, even though it wasn't actually that far. Still, I was mainly savoring the amazing feel of her hot pussy as it seemed to become even hotter and wetter. When Robyn made a noise that indicated she was probably cumming, I recalled that they were there while also wondering momentarily if I should have had Bev cumming by then. Concerned that I might have become complacent while relishing the opportunity to fuck Bev, I picked up my pace a little and started thrusting just a bit harder. It turned out that I needn't have been concerned because Bev was actually right on the verge of cumming. It was just shortly after Robyn came that she pulled her mouth away from mine and let out a cry of her own. I continued fucking her while definitely feeling a sense of relief. I heard Rob and Robyn talking but wasn't really paying attention to what they were saying. I did glance over when I heard them start to move and saw that Rob was still fully rigid as Robyn climbed off of him.

"Time for another change?" I asked as they stood over us.

"Rob wants to take Bev from behind," Robyn said.

"Better her than me," I replied and slipped out of her. Kneeling beside her, I helped her roll over onto all-fours then moved out of Rob's way. I wanted Robyn's pussy over my face, so I lay on my back in front of Bev and beckoned Robyn to straddle my head. The huge grin that appeared on her face assured me that she was good with it. Bev was pumping my cock while moaning as Rob slipped his cock into her but soon engulfed me in her hot mouth. I moaned as Robyn's pussy approached and I reached out to squeeze her sweet ass. I immediately started lapping at her juicy pussy, causing her to moan, as well. Though somewhat of a replay from the previous night, I was definitely good with experiencing Bev's oral skills again while tasting Robyn's pungent juices.

I slipped a finger up into Robyn's hot, slippery pussy which was already feeling pretty engorged. This didn't surprise me based on what she'd already experienced and the number of times she'd cum so far. I was also thinking that it probably wouldn't take much before she was cumming again. I figured I'd continue eating her at least until I blew my load but, with the way Bev's mouth felt as it slid up and down my tool, I was starting to think that wouldn't take long, either. I could feel my cock continuing to grow even thicker but Bev just continued to slide her hot mouth up and down my shaft while pumping the base. I presumed that both she and Rob were feeling pretty good as he was fucking her.

Robyn was subtly humping her pussy toward my face and, as much as I was really relishing the opportunity to eat her pussy again, I was also incredibly pleased that I was able to make her feel so much pleasure. I knew it was going to be close between which of the two of us came first because, while her pussy was absolutely engorged and flooded with her pungent juices, I could feel my own orgasm welling up as the level of pleasure continued to build. Finally, Robyn gasped and her body started shaking as I continued to lick and suck her clit while fingering her hot pussy. Her orgasm was long and intense and, before she'd finished and gone still, I let out a groan and started spewing into Bev's mouth. She didn't hesitate and just continued sucking me off while swallowing my load.

By the time I was completely spent, Robyn had started to move off of my face and, when she saw that Bev had let my cock fall from her mouth, she reached for my hand to help me up. We retired to the nearby recliner where all of this had essentially begun just a few nights prior. I was watching Bev's tits swinging as Rob continued to fuck her, then he pulled out and had her roll onto her back. He straddled her ribs and laid his cock between her tits, which she squeezed together around it. I was caressing Robyn's smooth inner thigh as I watched Rob fucking Bev's tits, though my attention was also drawn to her trim, blonde bush which I fully expected to be eating again soon.

It wasn't long before Rob moved up and slipped his cock into Bev's mouth so she started pumping the base while caressing his balls. Rob was moaning as he got closer to cumming then let out a longer groan when he started spewing into her mouth. She swallowed his load down just as she had mine then he moved off to kneel beside her and she sat up. Robyn and I clapped as they realized we were sitting there watching them. They sat on the couch and we just relaxed for a bit as we recovered from an amazing sexual experience. Eventually we got up and had some dinner and drinks while remaining naked and constantly groping and caressing each other. We fucked and sucked and licked each other a lot more that night but, when we finally went off to bed, Robyn and I went to my room and Bev went with Rob to his. I'm pretty sure that, like Robyn and me, they went to sleep but fucked each other first thing the next morning. I'm certain that they showered together like Robyn and I did.

For the rest of the weekend, we shared each other and thoroughly enjoyed it but, after that, we typically paired off when we were together. There were still occasional group activities, which everyone enjoyed, but we didn't end up having some kind of polyamorous relationship. I always liked seeing Bev naked and eating her blonde pussy but my heart was really with Robyn and I was beyond pleased when I she confirmed that hers was with me, as well.