 (I apologize if this takes a while to get going. I'm trying to make this a continuing story, and I've got a lot of ground to cover. Enjoy!) *

Six weeks later, I found myself leaving St. Louis, and headed back toward where Rochelle lived. For almost five hours while I drove across southern Missouri, all I could do was think about Rochelle -- actually, all I did was think about fucking Rochelle! Remembering her big titties, her tight and juicy pussy, and how she made me come four times in less than an hour -- I couldn't wait to get there, call her, and see if we could get together.

Finally I make it to a truck stop that's across the highway from the restaurant where Rochelle works. I park the truck and call her number from a payphone inside the truckstop. After a few rings a smoky female voice answers and I ask if Rochelle is there. 

"No she isn't," the voice answers. "She's out of town for the weekend. Who's this?"

"This is Steve, I'm a friend of hers."

"I don't think I know you, Steve. You live here in town?"

"No, I don't. I was just passing through, and I thought I'd call and see if Rochelle was home."

"Steve...? Steve...? Where've I heard your name before?" the voice asks. "Wait a minute! Are you that truck driver friend of Rochelle's?"

"Yep," I say with a laugh. "That would be me!"

"I've seen you before! You're that handsome fella that was with Rochelle that afternoon I picked her up from work!"

"Then you must be her sister Raylene."

"That's me!" the voice says proudly.

Raylene and I talk for a few minutes -- Raylene asks me where I am, how've I been, small talk and idle conversation until I tell her I probably should be going.

"Have you had dinner yet, Steve?" asks Raylene.

"No, I'll probably grab something here at the truckstop, or maybe walk across the street to the restaurant." I reply.

"Well, Steve," says Raylene, "I've got a big crockpot of homemade beef stew cooking, would you like to join me? It's almost ready, and I surely do hate to eat alone. Wouldn't you like a nice home-cooked meal?"

"That sounds great, but I don't want to trouble you."

"It's no trouble!" quickly exclaims Raylene. "We live about three miles from the truckstop, I can be there in less than five minutes!"

A home-cooked meal sounds far better than anything I might get at the truckstop does. "Well then, if you don't mind, I'd be glad to join you for dinner!" I reply.

"Good! I'll see you in about five minutes. Watch for my truck, I'll be right there!"

Four minutes and thirty seconds later I see a dark blue Ford SUV cruising slowly through the parking lot. I walk to the front of my truck as it passes by, and it stops and the reverse lights come on. It quickly backs up, the passenger side window rolls down, and a female voice says "Steve?"

"Raylene?"

"Hi Steve!" exclaims Raylene. "Get in, supper's almost ready!"

I quickly lock my truck, and climb in the Ford. Raylene smiles at me as I get in, and something seems different about her, but I can't quite place what it is. Raylene seems almost too glad to see me, and as she drives off, I can't help but wonder what Rochelle said about me to her.

I tell Raylene that I didn't recognize her SUV, I was looking for the Chevy. Raylene responds that the Chevy quit running about a month ago, and she decided rather than have it fixed, it was time to buy a better vehicle, so she bought this pre-owned SUV.

In just a few minutes we're at their trailer, and it seems like a nice one! It's big inside -- I think its called a "doublewide" - and not only does it have a nice homey feel to it, but it smells wonderful, like something good is cooking!

Raylene asks me if I'd like a glass of iced tea to drink, and tells me to have a seat at the table. In just a few minutes, dinner is served -- beef stew with big chunks of potato, carrots, and onions in it. There are also green beans with little pieces of bacon in it, and buttermilk biscuits -- good, simple, homemade country food!

Raylene and I talk as we eat - she tells me that their Uncle Otis drove Rochelle to Shreveport to take some Ricky's stuff back to his mother, and that they should be gone until tomorrow night. I ask who Ricky is, and Raylene tells me that Ricky was Rochelle's semi-boyfriend. When I ask why Rochelle's taking stuff to Ricky's mother, Raylene replies that Ricky stole a car and robbed a liquor store over in Kansas about three, maybe four months ago, and now he's going to prison until at least 2040. He had some of his belongings here at the trailer, and Rochelle wanted to make sure that they got back to his mother, who lives in Shreveport.

Raylene tells me about their family -- she and Rochelle are twins and there is an older brother and two younger sisters -- it turns out that I was wrong on their ages, they aren't in their 40's, they're both 37. Raylene talks about the meat-processing plant where she works driving a forklift, how she got Rochelle a job at the plant, the fact that she and Rochelle are both divorced, and especially how there aren't any decent single men in town!

I look at Raylene while she talks, and begin to really notice her for the first time. Her hair is a much darker shade of blonde than Rochelle's is -- it's a darker color than honey, but not quite a light-brown. Raylene has the same steel blue eyes as Rochelle, a big chest like Rochelle, and somehow, she seems prettier than I remember -- but I can't figure out why.

Raylene asks me if I notice anything different about her, and I reply that I do, but I can't figure out what it is. She smiles at me, and I instantly understand -- her teeth are brilliant white, straight, and perfect! 

I compliment her on her beautiful smile and tell her she looks marvelous, and she smiles and thanks me. She says that she and Rochelle both got new dentures -- free of charge from the dental school at the university - about four weeks ago and they couldn't be happier!

We talk as we eat, as Raylene tells me about her niece Rhondalynn and her daughter Amber -- the one that Rochelle had the birthday party for last month. They live in a trailer not too far from here, as does their younger sister Roxanne. 

I've eaten until I'm stuffed, and when Raylene apologizes for not having any dessert, I tell her that I don't have any room for dessert - I ate way too much of the wonderful beef stew she prepared.

Raylene quickly cleans the kitchen table, and suggests we go have a seat on the couch in the living room. We sit on the couch -- Raylene is about an arm's length from me -- and we talk some more.

Raylene asks me about myself, and I tell her that I'm 40, and single. I did twenty years in the Air Force, then got out two years ago. I drive a truck because I enjoy it, and it's a great way to see the country and decide where I want to live. Raylene asks if I have any kinfolk, and I reply that I don't - my parents both passed away three years ago, and I was an only child.

Raylene asks if I have a girlfriend, and when I respond that I don't, she seems puzzled. "I'd think that a nice-looking man like you would have a bunch of pretty young women chasing after him!" she says with a sexy wink.

I tell her that most of the women I've met are too unstable -- they don't have their act together. I tell her that I'd really like to meet someone that is ready to settle down and start a home, like she and Rochelle have here. I tell her that I really don't care for the young women, I want someone who is mature, more adult. 

All the while, Raylene is smiling at me, until she asks me to excuse her. She hands me the remote to the television, and tells me to find something on TV if I want, she'll be back in a minute, she's going to "...slip into something more comfortable!"

As she walks into the back of the trailer, I watch her round bubblebutt wiggle and shimmy just like Rochelle's ass does. I think I know where this evening is leading -- Raylene has been flirting with me all evening, and I wonder if she's as sexually enthusiastic a woman as her sister is.

I turn on the television, and quickly find the weather channel. The forecast is rain, possibly turning to sleet -- there's rain about 200 miles southwest in Oklahoma City, and it's moving northeast. The storm front extends all the way back into New Mexico, and it'll be raining the entire weekend. I've got until midnight Tuesday night to be in Amarillo -- a little under 500 miles -- so I've got plenty of time to wait the storm out if I need to.

Raylene walks in wearing a dark-blue floor-length terrycloth bathrobe, and her hair is clipped up in back. She smells wonderful -- she's obviously put on some perfume - and she sits down next to me on the couch, a little closer than before. If I wasn't 100% sure where this was leading before, I am now! I decide to toy with her a little, just to see how she'll respond, and to see if she'll take charge like Rochelle did!

We engage in some more idle conversation for a few minutes, until Raylene says, "You know, the last time you were here, you put a smile on Rochelle's face that lasted for almost a week! You sure made her happy!"

"That's good!" I say with a laugh. "I like happy people!"

"Tell me, Steve... just how did you make her happy?" Raylene softly asks as she scoots a little closer to me. Raylene's teasing me -- she knows what Rochelle and I did, and she knows that I know that she knows! 

"I, uhhhh... ummm... I just did!" I reply.

"I see!" says Raylene as she slides up till she's next to me. Her hand touches my arm, and she casually begins rubbing my biceps with her fingers. "And you're good at making women happy?" she asks coquettishly.

"Yeah, I think I am!"

Raylene leans forward and I feel her long, bright-red fingernails walking up my arm and gently playing with the hair on the back of my head as she hesitantly asks, "Do you think you could make me happy like that?" 

"Ummm... yeah! I think I could!" I respond.

Raylene leans forward until her mouth is next to my ear. Her other hand is softly stroking my chest as she whispers, "Rochelle told me all about you, Steve! She told me that she'd never been with a man who was built like you! She told me that you screwed her four times, and satisfied her like she'd never been satisfied before! Is that right? Is that how you made my sister so happy, Steve?"

Her breath is warm on my ear, and her perfume smells wonderful! I turn my head to look at Raylene, and before I know what's happening, she's kissing me. Her tongue slithers inside my mouth as we kiss, and her arms wrap around my neck, pulling me closer to her. We kiss for several minutes, my hands rubbing her voluptuous body through the robe, until she pulls back, and moves her mouth back next to my ear.

"She said you've got a pecker on you that would make a donkey proud, Steve! She said you filled her up like no one ever has before!" whispers Raylene as her hand unbuttons my shirt and slowly works its way down my chest to my stomach and further south. "Do you? Do you have a big pecker?"

Her hand gently begins to rub my crotch, and my cock rapidly becomes fully erect, causing the front of my pants to tent out obscenely. "Oh my!" teasingly exclaims Raylene. "Did I do that to you!"

Before she can say anymore, I pull her to me and kiss her hard on the lips. My tongue forces its way inside her mouth, as my hand slips underneath her robe and begins gently playing with her large titties. Raylene's hand is busily stroking the bulge in my pants as I kiss her and play with her boobs, until she pulls back.

Raylene looks at the swelling in my pants, and says, "That must be soooo painful! Here, let me help you out!" Her hands quickly unbuckle my belt, and tug at my zipper. I lift my hips a little so she can pull my pants and shorts down, and as she does so my nine-inch cock bursts out, slapping against my stomach as it springs free from its confinement.

Raylene's eyes grow wide with amazement, as her hand tentatively explores my dick. "Ohmigawsh!" Raylene exclaims. "She wasn't lying, that's the biggest dick I've ever seen!"

Now it's my turn to tease her. I wrap my arms around Raylene and pull her close to me. Raylene gets some of the lubricating pre-come that's beginning to copiously ooze out of the head of my cock on her hand, and she gently, steadily begins slowly stroking up and down my cock, as I whisper in her ear.

"Is this what you want Raylene? Do you want me to put a smile on your face like I did to Rochelle?" I gently tongue her ear and nuzzle on her neck as I fondle her enormous breasts. Raylene begins to moan softly as I continue, "I've got all weekend, Raylene. I'll make you smile for a month if you want!"

Raylene stands up, and quickly sits back down astride me. She unties the belt on her robe, and it falls open -- exposing Raylene in all her astonishing nudity to me. My cock is wedged between my stomach and hers, and Raylene is busily stroking my hardness as she leans forward. Her mammoth titties press against my chest as she lewdly whispers in my ear.

"I want you to fuck me, Steve! I want you to fuck me with your big dick until I scream, and then I want you to fuck me some more! Will you do that to me Steve? Will you fuck me like you fucked my sister?"

Raylene's making me so horny I'm beside myself! If Raylene can please me half as good as she can tease me, then I'm about to have a wonderful weekend! I run my hands over her lush body, and gently pull Raylene forward so her magnificent titties are closer. I easily lick her nipples, and suck on them both until they are sticking straight out from her chest. Raylene purrs delightedly as I suck on her boobs, and runs her fingers through my hair.

Raylene wiggles a little as she sits on my lap, and pre-come is steadily oozing from the head of my cock, making both of our stomachs sticky. Raylene stares hotly into my eyes as she continues, "We're gonna have such a good time!"

My cock throbs against her stomach, and Raylene says, "I think maybe I'm getting you too excited! Maybe I better take the edge off so you can last longer!"

Before I can say anything, Raylene slips off of my lap, and slides to the floor, kneeling in front of me. She slowly runs her hand up and down the shaft of my cock, as she stares intently at it from every angle -- like she's examining it. I can feel her hot breath on my crotch, and I know she can feel the heat radiating from my cock on her face.

Raylene has a strange look on her face, kinda like a little dog that has a femur bone from a cow - the dog wants it, but it isn't quite sure what to do with it! She gently keeps stroking her hand up and down my cock, making it slippery with the trickle of jizz that's slowly seeping out of the head of my prick.

"If you keep doing that, I'm gonna come!" I moan softly. 

Raylene says nothing, she just continues slowly, softly, stroking her hand up and down my cock. Her touch is heavenly -- she doesn't squeeze my cock, it's almost as if butterflies are lightly tickling my cock with their wings! The sensation is beyond compare, and it's driving me closer and closer to coming with every silky-smooth stroke.

I bite my lip and try to resist, but the feelings are too intense for me to endure any longer. "I'm gonna come!" I groan as I feel my nutsack draw up against me, and tighten up. "Ohgawd yes, Raylene! I'm gonna come!"

Raylene quickly lowers her head, and sticks just the bloated purple head of my prick in her mouth. The head and the first couple of inches are inside her warm mouth, and I feel her tongue licking the underneath of my cockhead as she begins moving her hand up and down my cock faster than before.

My cock begins to throb and pulsate as I start to climax, while Raylene is busily jacking the shaft of my cock with her hand, and lustily sucking on the head of my prick. I feel the first shot of my jizz shoot out of the tip of my cock and into Raylene's greedily sucking mouth, and it's followed in rapid succession by my second, third, fourth, and fifth hard spurts.

I involuntarily lift my hips up off of the couch as I come, trying to force more of my cock into Raylene's wonderfully warm mouth, but she stops jacking my shaft long enough to push down on my abdomen -- forcing me back down onto the couch. She resumes stroking my shaft as she licks and sucks on my cock, until I stop throbbing in her hand. There's nothing left -- Raylene has emptied me out, at least for now.

She raises her head up off of my lap, and much to my surprise, there's not a single white blotch on her face, neck, or chest -- Raylene apparently swallowed every drop of come!

Raylene looks at me with a mixture of lust and anticipation in her steel blue eyes, and says, "Did you like that?"

"Oh yeah! That was wonderful!"

"Now it's your turn," as she stands up and sits down next to me on the couch. "You gotta lick it before you stick it!"

I quickly push her over onto her back, and dive between her thighs. I'm so horny for Raylene, there's no gentle foreplay, no tender kissing of her thighs as I slowly work my way to her cunt -- I drop my head and immediately begin aggressively licking and sucking on her clit.

"Oooooo! You don't waste time, do you?" gasps Raylene as she begins fondling the back of my head with her hand. "You go after what you want!"

"Yes, I do!" I reply. "And right now, I want you!"

"You've got me, studman! I'm yours!"

I lick and suck on Raylene's engorged clit, and lick and slurp at the opening to her creamy twat like I'm a young child with a bowl of peppermint ice cream! 

Again and again I run my tongue through the tasty opening to her pink insides, and I hear her wail with joy.

"Ooooooo fuck... lick my pussy! Oh yeah, lick it there!" as I continue devouring her creamy twat. "Ooooooo yeah! You're a good pussylicker Steve! Ohhhh... that makes me wild!"

I look up from between Raylene's widespread legs, and the sight that meets my eyes makes my cock wantonly twitch with lust -- Raylene is sucking on her tit while I lick her pussy! Her tits are so large, that she can easily lift them up to her mouth and suck on her own nipples!

Raylene notices me looking up at her -- I guess I stopped sucking on her snatch for a second -- and she lewdly says, "Don't stop! Please, don't stop! Lick my pussy and make me come! Ohgawd Steve, please let me come!"

I continue looking her in the eyes as I resume licking the nectar that's steadily flowing out of her blast furnace-like snatch. Raylene looks back at me, while she continues sucking on her enormous tit.

Raylene hunches her pussy up at me while I continue ravishing her delicious pussy, and her hand pushes my face into her twat. I lick and suck, lick and suck, lick and suck on her pussy, as I hear her begin to climax.

"Oooooo fuck! Lick my pussy! I'm gonna cream! Lick me, lick me, lick me!"

Raylene thrusts her pussy against my tongue, trying to force it deeper into her overflowing snatch, while her thighs clamp gently around my head, and her heels dig into my shoulder blades. 

"Aaaaaaayyyyyyeeeee! Ooooohhhhh! Unnnngggghhhhh!" 

Raylene is shaking and shuddering, twisting from side to side, and it's all I can do to keep my mouth fused to her brimful pussy! Her ass bounces on the couch, and her legs tremble as she climaxes repeatedly.

"Oooohhhhhh fuuuuuucccckkk yeaaaahhhhh! Ooohhhhh!" Raylene breathlessly exclaims. "Ooooouuuummmmm...".

I stop gorging myself on her succulent twat, I figure I've ravished Raylene enough for the time being. As her thighs relax, I slip out from underneath her heels, lift my head up, and look at her. Raylene is glowing with the radiance of a sexually satisfied woman - and she opens her eyes and exhales heavily.

"Whhoooooo! Damn, if that wasn't good!" she says as I sit back against the couch and smile at her.

"C'mere," as I motion to her. "We're not done yet!"
