 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me. Your opinions are welcome but your attacks are not.

Note: If you haven't already, read Robyn, which is the prequel to this story. 

*

At work the morning after Robyn and I had hooked up for the first time, I was in an extremely good mood and, the more I thought about the events of the night before, the longer it endured. I was feeling very confident that it was the beginning of something really special and I suspected that the light of a new day wouldn't change the way that she was feeling about it. I received confirmation of this when Robyn called me shortly before lunch. She'd never called me at work before. I slipped into an unused conference room since my cubicle didn't offer much in the way of privacy.

"So, how are you?" I asked even though I could hear the smile in her voice.

"Practically giddy," she replied, "even though I didn't get much sleep. I feel like I can't stop smiling."

"You and Bev were up pretty late?" I asked.

"Yeah," she replied, "she wanted all the details, though I didn't tell her everything. She was pretty psyched about it. Did you talk to Rob?"

"No, I was asleep by the time he got home," I confessed, "I saw him this morning for a minute or two but it didn't seem to be enough time. I didn't want to just blurt it out."

"You should probably talk to him about it tonight," she suggested, "and make sure he knows that things aren't going to change between you guys as a result of this."

"I'll give you a call and let you know how it goes," I told her, "I probably shouldn't tell him that things won't change then ditch him to spend time with you."

"You're probably right," she laughed, "I'll make sure Bev knows the same thing."

We talked for another minute or two then both had to get back to work. The good mood continued for the rest of the day. I wasn't even feeling any trepidation as I thought about talking to Rob because I knew he'd be psyched about the fact that I'd fucked Robyn and probably wouldn't even consider that it might impact the fun times we'd all been having hanging out together. As we cracked open a couple of beers after work and I revealed to him the events of the night before, he confirmed my expectation that he'd be more about the positive than the potential negative. We speculated about the motivation behind this new phase of my relationship with Robyn and whether it could mean anything between Rob and Bev. Rob decided he wasn't necessarily going to try to push for anything just in case it didn't mean that, but he would be open to any opportunity that might present itself. Likewise, I was planning to remain attuned to anything Robyn might say to suggest that Rob should go for it. I got the sense that he'd be up for fucking Bev but he wouldn't be brokenhearted if it never happened. That was pretty much Rob in a nutshell.

I called Robyn later that night and assured her that Rob was not only fine with what had transpired, but was actually pretty excited for us. Robyn indicated that Bev was still feeling the same, as well. The fact that our roommates were almost as excited about our new venture as we were made us both very happy and more confident about the change. We didn't talk about what the actual new status of our relationship was, whether we were just fuck buddies or we'd be dating or what, but I didn't ask because I figured we'd end up having that conversation sooner or later, anyway. I just wanted to roll with the changes and not overthink things. I was pleased when Robyn invited me over the next night when Rob would be in class. I was so pleased, in fact, that I never considered whether Bev would be there or not; I just accepted her invitation.

It wasn't until sometime the next day that I wondered whether Bev would be out or whether we'd just be secluding ourselves in Robyn's bedroom for the evening. I suspected the former but would be just fine with either situation. The question was answered when Robyn opened the door to let me in and Bev was standing there.

"Okay, so this might seem a little weird," she explained, "but I was telling Bev about how you were so impressive with getting me off with your fingers and I wonder if you would be willing to show her just how good you are?"

"It's just that we've both been disappointed in the past," Bev added, before I could respond, "and I'm really intrigued by the potential of cumming that way since I'd pretty much written it off."

"Uh...okay," I agreed, already thinking about slipping my hand into Bev's panties, which she was presumably wearing under her short skirt. I was put off just momentarily by Robyn wanting me to make her roommate cum, but since she was giving me her blessing, I suspected that this wasn't going to change anything between us. Being with Robyn meant more to me than being with Bev.

"Oh thank you," Robyn replied with relief, kissing me passionately, "I'll just leave you two alone for a bit."

She went to her room and closed the door.

"So would it be safe to assume that most of your comparable experiences have occurred on a couch?" I asked her.

"Or in a car," she suggested, "but, yeah, we should probably just stay here."

"Well, do you want to jump right into it," I recommended, "or do you need a little stirring up?"

"Oh trust me," she said, "I've been wet since you walked in the door."

"Awesome," I replied, then took her in my arms and pressed my lips against hers. My cock was growing against her abdomen so I slipped my hands down to her ass to pull her against it. Our tongues explored each other's mouths before we moved over to lie together on the couch. As I had with Robyn, I completely bypassed her tits and dropped my hand right down to caress her smooth inner thigh as we went back to making out again. I gradually moved my hand up under her skirt and caressed her pussy through her panties, feeling the moisture that was permeating them. She was already beginning to writhe even though I hadn't slipped my hand into her panties yet, so I suspected that she was just making my task even easier. I hadn't always been all that adept at making a girl cum using my fingers, but with experience I'd determined that, unlike a guy, if you could make a girl cum, she'd typically want more. Most guys, if a girl made them cum, they were content to leave it at that and not go any further. I made it my goal to be able to make a girl cum in as many ways as possible.

When I slipped my hand into Bev's panties, I found that she, like Robyn, had a nicely trimmed bush, which I was very certain was quite blonde even though I couldn't see it. Beyond that, I found her pussy practically overflowing with juices and she let out a moan, muffled by my mouth, when I started to gently caress her clit. Again, as with Robyn, I alternated caressing her clit with dipping my finger into her juicy pussy and slathering those juices over her clit. As I got a sense of how snug her pussy was, I was beginning to wonder whether there was any possibility that this could lead to fucking her and, of course, checking out that blonde bush before burying my face in it. I had thought at first that, once I'd made Bev cum, Robyn and I would go off by ourselves and fuck and that would be it. Now I was beginning to wonder about the potential of fucking both of them. Not at the same time, of course, because I couldn't see that being a realistic possibility but sometimes you get more than you ask for.

Bev had to pull her mouth from mine as she was writhing even more enthusiastically and moaning even louder. I just remained focused on making her cum, not changing anything because what I was already doing was obviously working. I could feel her starting to tense up as she got closer to cumming and was feeling really good about being able to live up to Robyn's praise of my abilities. The closer she got to cumming, the wetter and hotter her pussy was feeling, which made me want to eat her and fuck her, but I knew I'd be perfectly okay with channeling that desire toward Robyn's pussy and making her glad that she'd set this up. When Bev's tense body suddenly went limp and she started to tremble all over, I mentally breathed a sigh of relief as she whimpered through her orgasm. I continued to stimulate her clit as she rode out a long, intense orgasm, stopping only once she'd gone still and let out a sigh. I slipped my hand from her panties and immediately tasted her flavor on my fingertips, in case it was my only opportunity. Robyn must have been monitoring us, and I wondered if it was with her own hand inside her panties, because she was back out there with us shortly after Bev had finished cumming.

"Did I tell you or what?" she asked Bev, who looked a little dazed when she opened her eyes.

"Oh my God," Bev confirmed, "I've never enjoyed third base so much."

"Well I was planning to take him to my room and reward him for a job well done and for indulging my weird request," Robyn said, "but he's also really talented with his tongue if you want to come along and experience that."

"Seriously?" Bev asked, "I feel like I might be imposing."

"Trust me," Robyn replied, "you won't be in my way and you'll forget where you are pretty quickly."

"Are you okay with it?" Bev asked me.

"With eating your pussy?" I asked, "Absolutely."

This was definitely unexpected but, if it meant that I got to fuck Robyn and eat Bev's pussy, I was all for it. We followed Robyn into her bedroom.

"Shall we undress him?" Robyn asked Bev, "See how hard his cock is?"

"Mmmm...yeah," Bev moaned as she reached for the waist of my shorts while Robyn removed my t-shirt. Bev had my shorts open quickly and let them drop to my ankles, revealing the bulge in my briefs, which Robyn started to caress. Bev dropped to her knees to help me step out of my shorts then started to take my briefs down, as well, from that position. As my rigid cock sprung out, Robyn gripped it and stroked it as Bev helped me step out of my briefs. As she stood back up again, Bev briefly stroked my balls.

"Why don't you sit up there on the bed and watch the two of us get undressed?" Robyn suggested. She didn't have to ask me twice. I propped myself up on her pillows as they discussed how to go about it.

"One at a time or both together," Robyn finally asked me. I considered suggesting that they undress each other but was afraid that might not go over well so I went with my second choice.

"Together," I requested and they exchanged a glance before each started to pull up her t-shirt. Two bras were revealed and my cock, which couldn't possibly have gotten any harder, twitched instead, catching both of their attention. Robyn started to open her shorts while Bev was reaching back to unfasten her bra so, when they realized they were doing things differently, they stopped and looked to me for direction. I wanted to see them in bra and panties, so I asked that their shorts were the next thing to go. They both unbuttoned them and let them drop to their ankles, then kicked them aside as I admired their figures in just bra and panties. I asked them to turn so I could see their asses then I was ready for their boobs to be revealed. They reached back to unfasten their bras then let them slide down their arms as I admired the soft, smooth flesh that was revealed. Bev's areolas were a bit larger than Robyn's, as were her tits, but they both looked so appealing that I couldn't wait to caress them and lick their nipples. The only thing left was their panties, so I watched attentively as they began to move them over their hips and their trim bushes were slowly revealed. As far as the grooming, they were very similar but Bev's was, indeed, golden blonde while Robyn's was dark brown. They stood before me fully naked, each executing a turn to show me two outstanding asses, then they joined me on the bed.

They each took away the pillows I'd been propped up on as I reached out to caress their tits, then I lay flat on my back. Bev immediately straddled my head and I found myself staring at her golden bush while squeezing an ass cheek in each hand. As I was admiring her pussy, I felt Robyn grip my cock and pump it briefly before engulfing it in her hot mouth. I moaned then started to run my tongue up Bev's slit, tasting her pungent nectar as it flowed from between her lips. She moaned as well and I briefly considered that Robyn was not being stimulated but she had my cock available and didn't necessarily have to suck it. She also had her fingers.

Bev was humping my face as I lapped at her pussy and, glancing up, I could see her tits swinging overhead. I brought one hand down from her ass and slipped a finger into her hot, slippery pussy as I focused on licking and sucking her clit. This caused her to moan even more and I wondered whether, since she'd cum already, her next orgasm would be quicker, longer or more intense. I was hoping for the trifecta. Robyn must have decided that she wanted to cum, too, because shortly after I felt her mouth leave my cock, she rolled a condom over it just before it was engulfed in her snug, slippery pussy and we both moaned. She started to hump my cock and, since I still had one hand on Bev's ass, I reached out until I found Robyn's pussy and started to caress her clit as she rode me.

I couldn't really push up into Robyn as she was coming down on my cock, so she had to set the pace, but I had more control when it came to eating Bev's pussy, so I was confident that she would be cumming pretty soon. As I licked and sucked her clit, I could feel her pussy becoming wetter and more engorged around my pumping finger and she was humping my face faster while moaning more. I was really focused on getting her off although I was definitely also appreciating the pleasurable feeling of Robyn's hot pussy sliding up and down my cock. I didn't feel like I was in any danger of cumming yet, which was good and somewhat surprising, but I think it was partly because Robyn was controlling the pace and keeping it nice and slow and partly because of the condom. Bev, on the other hand, was quickly approaching her second orgasm and I wasn't trying to delay it to draw out the pleasure.

At about the time I realized that Bev was right on the verge of cumming, Robyn did start to pick up the pace while moaning a bit more. I was aware of it but I was pretty focused on getting Bev the rest of the way there. When she let out a cry and started to tremble, I was rewarded with a flood of additional juices, which made me think again that it would feel incredible to slip my cock into her pussy. I continued eating her as she was cumming and was prepared to keep going if she wanted to remain on my face while Robyn pursued her orgasm. Once she'd finished cumming, though, she started to climb off of my face. When I could see Robyn's face, it was clear that she was right on the verge of an orgasm, as well. I started to push up into her while still stroking her clit and could feel her pussy becoming hotter and wetter. I don't know if Bev was watching us or what because I was so focused on Robyn for the moment and it paid off when she gasped and I could feel her body trembling.

I stopped pushing up into her as she seemed to go into slow motion but I continued to gently caress her clit. Once again her orgasm appeared to be long and intense, which made me feel pretty good that I could provide her with so much pleasure. When she finally went still, I removed my hand from between her legs and watched her face as she was catching her breath. She opened her eyes and smiled down at me then looked over at Bev.

"You want to take a ride?" she asked. I looked over at Bev since I was anxious to slip my cock into her hot, wet pussy but tried not to appear overly anxious.

"If you guys are both okay with it," she replied, tentatively, "then I'm definitely interested."

"After tonight, I make no promises," Robyn told her, "but let's go with the moment for now, okay?"

"Okay," Bev replied with a smile.

"If you guys insist," I replied with a shit-eating grin.

Robyn climbed off of my latex-encased tool and moved out of the way so that Bev could take her place. Bev guided my cock toward her trim, blonde bush then lowered herself onto it as we both moaned. Her pussy did feel absolutely amazing, even through the condom, as it fully engulfed my throbbing tool. I wouldn't have said it felt better than Robyn's but they were both definitely comparable as far as how snug and slippery they both were. My gaze moved up to her tits as she started to slowly ride me and they started to slowly bounce. Robyn was moving around beside my head so I took one last look at Bev's body looming over me before it was blocked by Robyn straddling my head. I glanced up beyond her dangling tits to see her smiling down at me then focused on her pussy, running my tongue up her slit and tasting her flowing nectar.

I heard Robyn moan as I lapped at her pussy while caressing her sweet ass then recalled how I'd stroked her clit as she'd been fucking me, so I slipped a hand down to Bev's clit, causing her to moan even louder, as well. I slurped up Robyn's juices for a bit before bringing my other hand down from her ass and slipping a finger into her snug, slippery pussy, causing her to start humping my face. Any woman who says that guys can't multi-task should have seen me licking and sucking Robyn's clit while fingering her pussy and caressing Bev's clit. The two of them certainly weren't complaining. Remarkably, as incredible as Bev's pussy felt sliding up and down my tool, I could feel my orgasm slowly building but still didn't seem to be in danger of cumming anytime soon. I'm sure, again, it was partly due to Bev's pace and partly due to the condom but, either way, I was certainly enjoying having her riding my cock.

The longer we went at it, the closer each of them was getting to another orgasm. They were both increasing their paces but I was trying to maintain what I was doing, wanting only to insure that they came without trying to draw it out or hurry it up. Maybe it was because I was better at oral or because there was more stimulation but Robyn ended up cumming first this time, as Bev had when she'd been sitting on my face. She let out a cry and I could feel her pussy flooded with more lubrication. I don't think she'd even finished cumming when I heard Bev gasp and could sense her body trembling along with Robyn's. They weren't exactly simultaneous orgasms, but they were pretty close. I just kept doing what I was doing while definitely appreciating the opportunity to be with both of them since I assumed this would be a one-time occurrence.

By the time they both finished cumming, I was getting closer myself until Bev climbed off of my cock. Robyn climbed off of my face at about the same moment and they ended up positioning themselves on their knees on either side of me. Robyn removed the condom as I was admiring and caressing their asses, which they'd been nice enough to aim toward my head. Robyn pumped my cock briefly before offering it to Bev to suck on. I had not had the pleasure yet to experience Bev's mouth on my cock and it certainly was a pleasure. I moaned as she inhaled my tool, sliding her lips up and down the shaft and bringing my orgasm even closer. After a minute or so, Bev raised her head and Robyn took over, providing further pleasure that was definitely of an equal level. As my orgasm continued to build, and I continued to not only caress their asses but their pussies as well, they swapped back and forth, each of them sucking me for a minute or so before the other took over.
