 Trying to keep the band together had been a right pain. With constant changes of personnel it was proving an impossible task. We'd just get the band fully rehearsed, when the singer would leave, or the drummer, or the keyboard player, and then we would have to start from scratch all over again.

I was at the point of giving it all up when I was approached by Mark, who offered to manage and promote the band. He had money and experience behind him, so I eagerly accepted his offer. At the first meeting he suggested each member of the band should give him a list of new equipment they would like. They couldn't believe their luck, and presented Mark with a list that included all new instruments, amplifiers, PA system and lighting rig. Mark arranged for a rehearsal the following week.

At that rehearsal, we were like kids in a sweet shop, as all the new equipment was lined up for our use. Of course it was bribe to keep the band together, and it worked.

Suddenly everything changed. The band got better, as did the gigs and venues. After a few months Mark suggested that after the next gig he would put on a party at his fabulous house. We were given special invite cards to hand out at the gig. The cards had his address on the back, and details on how to get there. We gave our cards to the roadies, and whilst performing on stage looked out for girls to invite back. Then with a nod to the roadie, the selected girls would be given an invite.

We arrived back at Mark's house early, leaving the roadies to pack everything away. Mark had hired a caterer to provide a sumptuous buffet, and a small bar had been set up beside his huge indoor pool. Mark greeted us as we were shown in.

"What do you think of my little paddling pool?" Asked Mark.

"Oh.... bloody hell, it's just fantastic!" I replied.

The pool was beautifully designed, in the shape of a guitar. The long neck was the deep end, and the guitar body the shallow end. The pool was fully enclosed in a glass and timber frame. Around the pool there were tables and chairs, sun recliners and tropical plants in pots. Music was piped in through hidden speakers. The lighting was amazing, must have cost Mark a fortune. The whole area was lit with coloured lights that subtlely changed over a minute or two.

Just off to the side was three doors. I asked Mark what was behind them.

"The door on the left is a Jacuzzi, the middle one's a Sauna, and the one on the right one contains a big screen TV, size of a cinema screen really, and I have porn films running on that if you are interested." Said Mark.

"Oh right, superb, might check those out later." I said.

The band sat around chatting and drinking and reckoned we'd given out about fifty invites between us, but no one had turned up. Mark assured us not to worry, he'd done this sort of thing before. 

It was midnight when the first girls arrived. Five of them, and I was pleased to see one of them was a svelte pretty blue eyed blonde that I'd told a roadie to give an invitation to. She came over to me.

"Hi there, I'm Sam, thank you ever so much for inviting me to the party. That big hairy guy said you had asked me to come."

I told her I was pleased she had arrived, and I led her to the bar to get her a drink.

"Wow! Lovely place this." She said. I agreed, and we sat chatting for a while. She was stunningly attractive. Her hair was shoulder length, and strawberry blonde. She wore a short denim skirt, and a black lacy see through top, and it was obvious she wasn't wearing a bra.

The pool room got louder as more guests arrived, and soon the room was full with around fifty people.

Sam said it was the first time she'd seen the band, and she'd really enjoyed it. I thanked her for the compliments and tried to make an effort to look at her pretty face. But it was hard to tear my eyes from her long golden brown legs. We were sitting on bean bags opposite each other, and every now and again she would uncross and then cross her legs as she tried to get comfortable, and I was almost certain she wasn't wearing any knickers. 

Mark's wife Elaine came over for a chat, and asked if we would like a swim in the pool. Sam laughed, and said she would love to, but she hadn't got a costume with her.

"Oh we don't worry about things like that here darling." Said Elaine. And she stood up, slipped out of her dress and stood there in front of us naked. She was gorgeous, long full dark brown hair cascading around her small but pert breasts, a slim figure beautifully toned, and her dark pubic hair was shaved in to an arrow shape with the point towards her clit. There was cheers and applause from everyone as she elegantly walked towards the pool and dived in.

"Oh my God!" Said Sam, "I don't believe she just did that!"

Nor did I, and I was fixedly staring at Elaine swimming up and down the pool. To another roar of approval she flipped on to her back and lazily just floated there. There were squeals as others joined her in the pool. Some fully clothed, others in underclothes, and the drummer in the band just stripped right off and jumped in. After a few minutes everyone in the pool was naked.

As the party progressed, couples and sometimes groups of three or four drifted off to find privacy in one of the many bedrooms. Mark had disappeared earlier with three girls. Elaine didn't seem to mind, and she came back to join us. It was now nearly 3am, and we were alone in the pool room.

Elaine was wearing a towelling robe, she turned to Sam.

"I noticed you two didn't join in the fun." She said.

"I couldn't, I'm too shy. I would never have the nerve to do what you did in front of all those strangers." Replied Sam.

"Look at you, you are so gorgeous, just gorgeous." Said Elaine, and she grasped Sam's hands and pulled her to a standing position. I noticed Elaine's gown was not tied, and it gaped open. She slipped it off and once again stood naked in front of us.

"I'm not ashamed of my body, and you shouldn't be ashamed of yours. Apart from the fact your breasts are much bigger than mine, we are of a similar stature and shape. There's no strangers here now, just us three." Said Elaine, and she placed Sam's hands on her small breasts. Sam hesitantly, but gently stroked and caressed them, as Elaine's nipples hardened to stiff points. Elaine's hand started to stroke Sam's inner thighs. Sam's head was tilted back, her eyes were closed and a soft moan escaped from her lips as she circled Elaine's nipples, and squeezed and tugged them with her fingers.

I was watching this with heightened sexual tension, as my cock bulged in my jeans. Elaine looked at me and smiled. She moved towards Sam's mouth and kissed her full on. Sam was shocked and hesitated for a second, then returned the kiss with passion. Elaine moved her hand to the back of Sam's skirt and in one move unzipped it and allowed it to fall to the floor. I was right, she wasn't wearing any knickers, and I could see her smooth shaven pussy. Sam pulled away, and lifted her top off and stood there with her superb full round breasts exposed. Elaine hungrily took one breast, then the other into her mouth. Then Elaine's tongue travelled down Sam's body, until she reached her pussy. She pulled Sam's lips apart with her fingers and inserted the tip of her tongue between her lips. 

I could take no more of this, and quickly undressed. I stood behind Sam and with my rock hard cock placed between her thighs I cupped both of her breasts and massaged them. Elaine licked and slurped Sam's pussy, and held my dick in place between Sam's thighs. Her mouth worked overtime as it moved from Sam, to the tip of my cock, and I started moving back and forth as Elaine held on to me by my balls. Elaine grasped my cock and bent it up so it was between Sam's cunt lips. Suddenly my dick was awash as Sam's juices flowed over my cock and Elaine's face. Sam went limp, and would have fallen had I not grabbed her waist, and lowered her to the floor.

After a few seconds she came around and looked at both of us kneeling beside her.

"Oh my God! That was so sensual, so incredible, so, sexy. I've never had sex with a woman before, let alone with a woman and a man at the same time." Said Sam.

Elaine smiled, and stroked her hair.

"Hey it's cool, I enjoyed it too. Do you think you can stand up?" Asked Elaine.

"I think so." Said Sam, and with my help we got her standing up.

"Come with me." Said Elaine, and she took Sam's hand and led her towards the pool. They dived in together, and splashed about. I sat on the edge of the pool, with my feet dangling in the water. I watched these two beautiful women play. Diving down between each others legs, and sliding their bodies together. I stroked my cock to keep it semi-erect. After a while they stood at the opposite end of the pool to me, and whispered to each other, and laughed.

"After three then." Said Elaine. "Three, Two, One, Go!"

And both of them leapt forward and raced towards me. Elaine arrived first, with Sam only seconds behind.

"I win! I win!" Shouted Elaine. "So where's my trophy?" And she moved my legs apart and went down on my semi-flaccid cock. Within moments I was hard, and I grabbed her dark hair to hold her in position. With one hand on my balls, and the other on my shaft she sucked and licked. I watched her dark hair caress my thighs, as she went up and down. As she came up my dick, her perfect teeth slightly scrapped along its length. It was slightly painful, but I was so aroused that the pain enhanced the experience. But then she suddenly stopped. 

"Not yet darling." She said smiling sexily at me.

"Best of three we decided Sam, come on, back to the other end."

And with a splash they raced up the pool away from me. I was left sitting there, holding my throbbing cock in my hand.

"Three...."

"Go!" Shouted Sam as she launched her self forwards before Elaine was ready.

As she cheated, it was Sam who arrived first. I had her trophy ready for her. Her big bright blue eyes looked up at me, and I just wanted to fall into them. Her long blonde hair was dripping wet, as she opened her mouth and took my cock between her lips. I moaned in pleasure, Sam's technique was so different to Elaine's. So gentle, no teeth. She pulled my foreskin right up, and dipped her tongue between the skin and the glans, whilst gently massaging my balls. As Elaine, did previously, she bought me to the edge, and pulled away. My cock was aching for release. Sam smiled, and I could see my precum on her lips. Elaine moved over and held my balls tight as she licked off the precum from Sam's lips. And once again they both splashed away to the other end. I slipped into the pool and raced after them. But they were too quick for me, and I spent a frustrating ten minutes trying to catch them. Exhausted I gave up. I pulled myself out of the pool, and sat on the edge. 

"What's happened to your wonderful cock?" Shouted Elaine. "We are not going to race to play with that."

I started stroking myself slowly, and just by thinking about Sam going down on me soon got erect again. They raced towards me and both arrived simultaneously.

"How do we work this one out?" I asked.

"No problem." Said Sam, and they both went between my legs. Sam suckled on my balls, as Elaine put her lips around my cock. They changed positions and suddenly I could feel the difference with the softer technique of Sam.

Sam quickened her pace. Elaine got out of the pool, and pulled me back so I was lying on the pool floor. Facing and straddling me she lowered herself on to my mouth. Her pubic hair arrow pointed the way to leave no doubt where my tongue should go. Using her fingers she spread her cunt lips as I licked her pussy and then inserted my tongue into her slit. She stiffened and I felt Sam's fingers start to explore Elaine's cunt. My tongue flicked over Sam's fingers, and then onto Elaine's clit.

"God! I'm coming." I shouted.

"So am I!" shouted Elaine.

Sam held my cock tight, as I spurted into her mouth, pumping again and again, Elaine writhed on my mouth, her juices started to flow and I was in danger of drowning, even though I was not in the pool! With a scream, she came, and rolled off me, lying on her back, and shuddering. Sam continued to suck on my cock, and with her fingers encircling my shaft, she squeezed out every last drop.

"Now Sam, I'm ready now Sam." Said Elaine. I sat up and watched as Sam pulled her lithe body from the pool. 

Elaine lay there in a star position, her legs and arms stretched outwards. Sam crawled between Elaine's legs, and using her arms for support stretched over and above Elaine. Sam's nipples, hard and aroused were gently brushing Elaine's.

"Now Sam." Said Elaine again, and with her eyes closed she opened her mouth. Sam moved her own mouth so it was just a couple of inches from Elaine's, and opened her mouth. Slowly she dribbled out my come into Elaine's mouth. I was amazed how much there was. It must have been the biggest load I'd ever shot. Then Sam placed her lips to Elaine's and dipped her tongue in and out of her mouth.

This was such a sensual and erotic delight that I was incredibly hard again. I moved behind Sam and plunged my cock deep into her pussy as she continued to kiss Elaine. Her cunt was so tight, and I could feel her muscles gripping and releasing my cock. Friction was reduced as Sam's cunt juices started to flow. As I sped up towards my climax, pumping her hard from behind, I misjudged it and pulled out too far, but as I tried to get back into her, Sam moved aside, and I was faced with the sight of Elaine lying there, legs apart. I slipped straight into her dripping cunt, lowered my mouth to hers, and could taste my cum on her lips and tongue.

"Fuck me! Fuck me fast and hard!" Shouted Elaine.

I drove my cock in and out of her cunt as fast as I could, she met each thrust with her hips bucking up to meet me. Sam came behind me, reached between my legs and wrapped her fingers around my dick, and slowly inserted her fingers into Elaine's slit with my cock ramming in hard. To Elaine this must have felt like the girth of my prick had suddenly doubled.

"Oh God! You feel so big! Harder! Fuck me Harder." Screamed Elaine as I pounded in and out. 

"Oh yes! Oh yes, I'm coming." Shouted Elaine.

"Lets come!" I shouted and once again spurted my cum, but this time deep into Elaine's juicy cunt with Sam's fingers wrapped around my cock.

"My turn now Elaine." Said Sam, and she pulled me away from Elaine.

Sam knelt between Elaine's legs and inserted two fingers between her red, wet and swollen lips. I could see my cum on her fingers as she withdrew them, and licked them clean. Sam continued to dip and lick her fingers, and then bent down and started to lick around Elaine's lips. I looked down hopefully at my cock, as I really wanted to come deep inside Sam's gorgeous pussy. But it was no good, it lay there, small, bruised, and abused. If it could have panted, I'm sure this would be the time it would.

So all I could do was sit and watch these two beautiful women getting it off together. Sam changed position so she was head to toe with Elaine. She lowered her cunt to Elaine's lips, and Sam's tongue once again licked and sucked at her pussy, as Elaine returned the favour. Sam started to shudder and moan louder and louder, I could see both of their pussies were dripping wet. As their movements got more frantic, Sam inserted two fingers into Elaine and finger fucked her fast, whilst using her mouth and tongue on Elaine's extended clit. Again Elaine returned the favour. They fucked and nibbled and licked like this for ages, until with muffled screams, they came together. They lay on their sides, holding each other, breathing in little gasps, as they tried to catch their breath.

After a while they crawled towards me. I was sitting on the floor with my back to the wall. With one on each side of me, they both placed their heads in my lap, and lazily kissed and licked each others lips, occasionally licking the head of my cock. It wasn't long before my cock was getting in their way, as it started to rise again. 

They took it turn to suck on my cock, how glorious was this I was thinking, as I lay back on the floor delighting in this luxury. My cock was in one or the others mouth, and both my left and right hand fingers were busy, moving in and out of their gorgeous wet pussies.

"I know, let's play a game." Said Sam, and she went over to where her short skirt lay on the floor, and arranged it over my head as a makeshift blindfold. Elaine got the cord from her robe, guided me to a low table, and tipped me backwards onto it. Using the cord she skilfully tied my wrists, and then brought the rest of the cord under the table to bind my ankles.

They whispered together, and giggled. But I couldn't hear what they were saying.

"OK." Said Elaine. "First we are going to go down on you, and you have to guess which one it is. Is that all right with you?"

"Sounds wonderful to me." I agreed. I couldn't believe my luck. Here I was blindfolded and tied up, and two beautiful women were offering to take it turns to give me a blowjob.

I knew straight away it was Elaine first, her rather rough way of using her teeth gave it away. But then I knew Sam would be next. But to my disappointment it wasn't Sam, it was Elaine again. 

"That was you both times Elaine." I said.

"Well done. Is it me again?" she asked as another mouth enveloped my engorged cock.

Now this was Sam this time, I could tell, by her soft mouth and special way of doing it. But it didn't last long enough for me. 

"It's guess the pussy time." Said Sam, and someone's legs straddled the table and lowered their pussy towards my lips and waiting tongue. As I pushed my tongue out to explore, I could feel some pubic hair, so guessed it was Elaine.

She ground her slit into my face, and Sam's wonderful mouth again enveloped my cock. After only a few seconds of this they swapped places, and I had Sam's juicy cunt in my face. This time Elaine lowered herself on to my stiff cock and learnt backwards, bending it the wrong way. I tried to protest about the pain, by my words were not heard as Sam pressed her cunt lips deeper onto my mouth.

Just as I tensed to come again, they both stopped, and got off me. 

"Hey! What's going on? You can't leave me like this." I said.

"Patience lover." Said Elaine. "We haven't finished with you yet."

They untied my aching ankles and wrists, and helped me stand up right. The makeshift blindfold was removed, and I blinked my eyes to focus. 

Sam held on to my stiff cock and pulled me towards her. Her tongue reached into my mouth to seek mine, and we kissed. 

"I want you to fuck me in the pool." She said, and with her hand still on my cock led me to the pool. 

As we got in, Sam dived under the water and placed her mouth around my cock. She put her hands around my thighs to hold herself down and once again bought me to the edge. A blow job under water was another new sensual experience for me. She resurfaced, smiling at me.

"Now take me, fuck me, but fuck me slowly." Said Sam, as she floated on her back in the water.

I looked at her beutiful enticing body, her blonde hair slightly tassled and floating in the water. I moved towards her, and I slid over her body. I placed my cock at the entrance of her pussy, and slowly entered her. For a few moments we glided on the surface, and then Sam started to move her hips, and I responded. Sam held me tight, and moved her body to her right, until she was on top. We screwed through the water, turning around and around. The feeling of the water between our bodies, and the weightlessness gave a surreal quality to our fucking. A couple of times we'd both be under the water, but my hard cock never left her tight pussy. Her movements became erratic, and she started to moan.
