 I hadn't been to a concert in quite a while, so it was special when my wife surprised me for my birthday with tickets to go see one of my favorite bands. The concert was in another city, so she had planned a weekend trip. The band plays heavy metal, so we both dressed accordingly. I dressed in black jeans, a black t-shirt and my leather jacket. Sarah, my wife, looked great in a black t-shirt, black skirt, black stockings and matching boots. I wanted to jump her in the hotel room, but we didn't have the time.

The concert was pretty full, and was more diverse than I thought it would be. Most of the concertgoers were barely legal age, but there were still quite a few people in their thirties and older. Now, I can't say that the opening acts were very good, but I kept myself occupied by watching the various outfits that people were wearing.

Sarah and I kept our seats during the intermission, as the crew set the stage for the main band. We were small talking when we both saw a young woman coming up the stairway. She was pretty, but it was her clothes that caught our eyes first. She was dressed in a short black dress that was no more than a long t-shirt. Her black pantyhose had strategically placed holes, with two large holes on her thighs that crept under the high hemline of her dress.

The girl studied her ticket and kept coming up the stairs. She slid into the aisle in front of us and settled into her seat. Sarah nudged me, as I must have been staring too hard.

"See something you like?" Sarah kidded me.

"Yeah. Can I have it? Please?" I responded like a child.

Sarah and I laughed as the band took the stage. I didn't think too much about the girl until the bad called for everyone to stand. The pace of the songs picked up, and everyone was soon nodding heads and moving about. There was no way I could ignore the girl now. Her hips were shaking back and forth in a pumping motion, and the back of her dress had slid up to reveal the bottoms of her plump asscheeks. She caught me looking once a just smiled. Hell, she knew what she was doing.

I watched her through the rest of the concert, even pointing out her upwardly creeping dress to Sarah. The rest of the concert was a blast, and both Sarah and I were still pumped up when it was all over. The stadium quickly emptied, and I gave the girl one last look as she soon disappeared into the crowd.

The hotel wasn't far from the stadium and the weather was great, so Sarah and I decided to walk. It was after ten and there wasn't a cloud in the sky. A steady breeze was blowing, making it a perfect evening for a stroll. Two blocks away from the stadium, and we came across our girl. She was trying to flag down a cab and it appeared that she wasn't having any luck.

"I don't thinks she's going to have much luck out here. I haven't seen any cabs." Sarah said.

I nodded in agreement. The area was quickly clearing out, and even though it was fine during the day, it didn't seem like a place a woman should be by herself at night.

"She could get a cab at the hotel. Should I tell her?" I asked.

"You just want to get a few more looks." Sarah chided.

"No..." I began to half lie. In truth, I wouldn't be averse to looking at her.

"I'm just kidding. Let her know that she can walk with us." Sarah told me.

The girl looked a bit frustrated as we step closer to her. The street was almost empty of cars. 

"Hi. It's probably going to be hard a catch a cab around here. There's a hotel a few blocks away that you can get one at." I told her.

The girl looked at Sarah and I, her mouth forming a smile.

"Thanks. I was hoping to catch a ride with some friends, but we got separated." She explained.

"No problem. We figured that we would say something. It's late to be out by yourself." Sarah interjected. "We're staying at the hotel, and it wouldn't be nice to leave you out here by yourself."

We continued walking toward the hotel. The girl introduced herself as Jamie. She was a freshman at a nearby college and had decided to hang around the campus instead of going on the usual spring break trip. Things turned a bit boring and she had been lucky to score tickets for the concert. Sarah did most of the talking as we walked, while I kept myself busy by watching the pair of gorgeous asses that bounced in front of me. Sarah explained that we were in town just for the concert, and that it was a birthday present for me. Jamie shook her head in disbelief when we answered her question about our age.

"No way. You guys look like early twenties at best." She said.

I couldn't help but laugh. I had heard that for quite some time. Both Sarah and I were often mistaken for being younger than we are. 

"I was beginning to think that we would be the oldest people at the concert, but I saw some people much older than us." I replied. "Your only as old as you feel."

Sarah was already getting thoughts in her head. She slipped her arm behind me, and gave my ass a squeeze that did not go unnoticed by our companion.

"Yep, feels young to me!" she chirped.

I jumped and made an attempt to grab her back, while watching for Jamie's reaction. She laughed, but didn't appear uncomfortable at our playing around. I made a few more attempts and grabbing Sarah the settled back into a normal walk.

"I really like your outfit. It's really original." Sarah said to Jamie, who complimented her back.

"I don't think I would have the guts to wear the pantyhose. The holes are very close to be revealing." Sarah continued.

Jamie smiled and told us how the holes had attracted a lot of attention at the concert. She said she had caught a guy in front of her glance back at her more than once at the concert. With that said, she looked back at me with a smile that was as wicked as could be.

Well, I now knew that she had not forgotten my appreciation of her assets at the concert. We turned onto the street of our hotel when Sarah suggested grabbing a few drinks at the hotel bar. Jamie agreed much to my delight, and Sarah flashed me a wicked smile of her own. Now, I know that smile and what it means. Sarah had something cooking in her mind but she wasn't telling me about it. I followed the two of them into the hotel and into the lounge.

The lounge was almost empty and was perfect for relaxing. Smooth jazz played softly, which was in striking contrast to the evening's concert. We ordered a quick round of drinks and settled into three comfortable leather chairs. Sarah and Jamie continued to do most of the talking while I downed a few drinks and continued to watch. The drinks soon had the usual effects, and both girls excused themselves to go to the ladies room. Sarah gave me a quick kiss on the cheek before she left, then whispered for me to head up to the room.

I'm not a dummy, so I paid the check and purchased a bottle of wine to take up to the room. After filling the ice bucket and settling the wine, I kicked back on the bed to watch a little TV. It was almost a half hour since I had left Sarah and Jamie at the bar, and I was beginning to wonder what my wife had cooked up. I was antsy like a school kid when I finally heard the door click.

"Hey honey, did you wait for Jamie to catch a cab?" I called out, hoping that Jamie was with her.

"It's pretty late, so I told Jamie she could share our room until the morning." Sarah responded as she came into view with Jamie by her side.

I kept playing dumb. "We only have the one bed, but I think there is another blanket and extra pillow in the closet. One of us can crash on the floor." I said, trying to sound clueless.

Sarah smirked at me as she slid onto the bed. "I think we can work something else out." She said. "Jamie and I were just talking about the concert and how much the guys were gaping at the women. She said you seemed to enjoy her outfit."

Sarah had moved close enough that I could smell her breath, and there was a faint scent that carried through the air. 

"Really. What else did you two discuss?" I asked with mock suspicion.

"Oh, not much..." Jamie said.

I leaned forward and gave Sarah a quick kiss. The familiar female taste lingered on her lips and it was hard to suppress a smile.

"Tastes like you guys did more than talk." I said after passing my tongue over my lips.

Both Sarah and Jamie flushed at the comment and began to giggle. I knew that Sarah had a few fantasies about being with another woman, but she never pursued them. I was somewhat surprised at the quick and unexpected conquest.

"Well, I don't think that's very fair. The two of you are off having a great time, and I've been sitting in the room. On my birthday trip no less." I said with a huff.

Sarah slid off the bed and took Jamie by the hand. She guided them both back onto the bed, kneeling together in front of me.

"I think we can help make that up to you." Sarah said with a grin.

Sarah slid behind Jamie and placed her hands on Jamie's hips. She winked at me as she slowly slid the hem of Jamie's dress up. The holes in Jamie's pantyhose were not almost revealing, but very revealing. As the dress cleared her thighs, it was apparent that the whole crotch area had been cut out, and Jamie wasn't wearing panties. Staring back at me from between her legs was a smooth-shaven and very wet cunt.

I watched as Sarah stopped pulling the dress up, and slipped a hand between Jamie's thighs. Jamie sighed as Sarah began to slowly massage her clit. After a few strokes Sarah slowly slipped two fingers inside Jamie's wet cunt, pushing until she was buried to the knuckles. Jamie groaned even more as Sarah began to pump her fingers in and out. My cock was straining to break free of my pants as I watched Jamie begin to shake. Her orgasm came quick, and she slumped back against Sarah and pumped her hips back and forth. I could see a thick stream of girl juice ooze from between Sarah's fingers to drip down to the bed.

Jamie was shaking as she rested back against Sarah. She mewled like a kitten as Sarah held her fingers deep inside of her and rubbed her still convulsing walls. Jamie only whimpered when Sarah pulled her hand away. Her fingers were dripping wet and coated with sticky pussy cream. She held them out to me, and she didn't have to offer twice. I moved forward to lick her fingers but she pulled them away and lifted them above my head. She pointed her fingers downward and the sticky juice began to slide down. It pooled at the tips of her fingers, forming a sticky ball of cream. I maneuvered underneath her hand and opened my mouth. I stuck my tongue out and caught the treat as it became too heavy and fell from her fingers. My tongue was instantly coated in her sticky cream and I tilted my head back and let it slowly slide down my tongue. Jamie's cream was delicious: tangy, sweet, salty and so very woman.

Sarah robbed me of the rest by offering her still wet fingers to Jamie, who sucked on them contently. Since I wasn't getting anymore from that route, I decided to go straight to the source. I slid down between Jamie's legs and halted, taking in a deep breath of her scent. I started by kissing her thighs through the holes in her pantyhose, the moved on to her sweet cunt. The girl was a literal honey pot. I swiped my tongue between her lips and was rewarded with a heavy gush of girl goo. She wiggled and moaned as I pressed forward and suctioned her whole pussy into my mouth. It was amazing how wet this girl was. I sucked and nibbled her for a good fifteen minutes and she just kept squirting more and more.

I finally sat up, more aware than ever at the throbbing in my crotch. My cock was aching from neglect and I quickly shrugged out of my pants. I kicked my pants and shoes to the floor and sat back on my knees with my cock sticking out ready and willing. Sarah whispered into Jamie's ear, then allowed Jamie to bend forward. Jamie's hot breath brushed my cock before her lips and I wanted to blow right then and there. I'm not sure how much experience she had, but it was more than enough.

Jamie began to slowly lick around the head of my cock. Her tongue felt velvety smooth as she covered every inch. She finally came back to the top and slowly parted her lips, taking my cock in at an agonizingly slow pace. I wanted to push in deep and fast, but didn't want the experience to end. She eventually filled her mouth, but didn't move. She instead worked her tongue and cheeks around my cock like a wet glove. She kept this up until I was ready to explode then pulled away. I didn't know what Sarah had been doing, but she had ripped a large hole in her pantyhose and was vigorously sliding three fingers deep into her cunt.

Jamie followed my gaze and turned around. She quickly slid between Sarah's spread legs and began lapping at her cunt. Sarah wiggled and groaned in approval as Jamie furiously sucked her cunt. I watched for a few seconds then moved behind Jamie. Her ass was sticking up in the air and her pussy was wet and waiting. She wiggled her hips in encouragement as I rubbed the head of my cock between the puffy lips of her cunt. After get my cock nice and slippery in her cream I guided the head into her tight channel. Her pussy was tight and hot, and I repeated what she had done to me. I pushed very slowly, reveling in the slow expansion of her hot cunt. Jamie tried to push back several times to speed up the process, but I kept her at bay. After what seemed like an eternity I finally came to rest with my cock buried to the hilt in her cunt.

I stayed put for a few minutes to enjoy the feel of her sweet cunt before slowly pulling out. Jamie moaned as I almost pulled free before reversing and sliding full deep again. I kept up the pace, giving her full and deep strokes. Jamie's tongue work was becoming more frantic as her breath came in audible gasps. She drilled Sarah's cunt with her tongue then savagely sucked on her clit. It didn't take long for Sarah to climax. She screamed as she came, her whole body locking up and her fingers digging into the bed linen.

Having never seen my wife come with another woman's tongue between her legs was too much to stand. That familiar sensation spread up my legs and through my stomach. My cock felt as if it were going to explode as I shot deep into Jamie's cunt. Jamie wiggled her ass and gave my cock some fantastic squeezes with her cunt. I felt light headed as I continued to pump her full. I finally regained control after what felt like seven or eight massive bursts and when I did I found that I was holding her hips tightly and our combined juices were oozing heavily down my balls.

Sarah was still breathing heavy and trying to catch her breath, but Jamie was still ready for more. I usually need a few minutes of rest after such a strong orgasm, but The situation was keeping me more than exited enough to keep on going. I reluctantly pulled free of Jamie's cunt and sat back on my knees. Jamie turned around and I pulled her toward me. She moved lightly onto my lap and drove my cock into her with one swift motion. Jamie settled down with her legs wrapped around my waist and her head on my shoulder. 

I've always enjoyed this position, and quickly set about kissing and biting Jamie's neck, which drew content sighs and moans from her. I soon felt the muscles in her pussy contract and squeeze me as she became more excited. I motioned for Sarah with my finger and she came up behind Jamie. She set about kissing the other side of Jamie's neck, which drove the girl wild. She moaned with loud abandon and ground her hips down on mine. I happened to glance up at the mirror on the wall, and the scene almost made me lose it. The three of us were one tangle of flesh. It reminded me of a book about vampires that I had read. Sarah and I were the creatures of the night, and Jamie was our sweet sacrifice.

Sarah took a hold of Jamie's arms, and pulled them lightly behind her back and slowly leaned back. Jamie gasped at the sudden restraint, but shivered as I was given access to her breasts. I let my lips trail down her neck as she was pulled away, and then fastened my mouth to one cherry like nipple. I sucked softly, and then bit down enough to make her squirm. I alternated between each nipple until the mere flick of my tongue caused her to shake. Jamie's hips were bucking strong and fierce, and I knew that she was on the edge of another orgasm. I held her hips tightly and thrust up to meet her. The first tremors of orgasm began to shake her as I took one of her nipples in my mouth. I bit it strong but not too hard. That was all she needed to climax. The girl blew off like a rocket, even more powerful than her first orgasm. She moaned and cried out as her body shook violently. Sarah kept a strong grip on her arms to keep her from falling, and this forced my cock to slam wildly into with every shake of her body.

Sarah finally let Jamie go, and I helped her down onto the bed. She was covered in sweat, and her pussy was a sticky mess. Now since I hadn't come again, and my cock was still hard I decided to keep things going for a bit longer. It was obvious that Jamie was almost done for, but Sarah was still ready to go. I good fuck to finish things off sounded good, but another thought popped into my head.

"Now for something that I've always wanted to try." I told the girls.

I instructed Sarah to lie on her back. I knelt between her legs and slipped my cock into her well-lubed pussy. After a few strokes I instructed Jamie to sit on Sarah's face. Sarah was too into the fuck to object as Jamie straddled her face. I leaned forward and kissed Jamie, and instructed her to lower herself so that Sarah could clean her up. Sarah was a bit apprehensive, but Jamie was right on target. She sat down, and I could soon hear Sarah's tongue working noisily between Jamie's lips. Jamie moaned her approval as Sarah's tongue massaged her overworked cunt.

I gave Sarah a few pumps before sliding my cock out of her cunt. She was more than worked up for what I had in mind, and I knew that was the best time. Her ass was already drenched from the flow of her cunt juice when I began to work my cock around. I pressed it into her ass and heard her moan into Jamie's cunt. Jamie's eyes widened, and I knew that she had never seen a woman being taken in the ass. I motioned her forward for a better view and then continued to push. The head slipped in and I soon fed my entire cock up Sarah's ass.

Sarah groaned loudly as I bottomed out in her ass. She bucked her hips as I started to pump. Her sounds were muffled as Jamie let her hips fall again, mashing her cunt into Sarah's mouth.

"Why don't you help her out Jamie." I coaxed Jamie.

Jamie didn't need much encouragement. She lowered her head and gave Sarah's pussy a long lick. Sarah's ass clenched around my cock and I could feel the muscles in her cunt flutter. I started thrusting in hard, long and deep strokes. Sarah's ass opened up as I pulled her legs up. Jamie was intently watching Sarah's ass swallow my cock as she swirled her tongue over Sarah's clit. I began to thrust harder, slamming cock in as deep as it could go. Sarah's cunt was churning and her ass was squeezing like a vice as she began to orgasm. She thrashed around on the bed as she came cream squirting from her cunt. Jamie licked up every drop, and the sight pushed me over the edge. I shot more than I thought possible for the second time, milking my cock in Sarah's ass.

I slowly pulled my cock from Sarah's ass and sat back exhausted. I watched as Jamie pulled Sarah's legs up. She examined Sarah's still open ass and watched as it twitched. A drop of jizz oozed out and Jamie surprised me by snatching it up with her tongue. She kept her mouth open and looked up at me, grinning before she finally swallowed. She gave a few more licks then rolled off of Sarah. We all collapsed in exhaustion, too fucked out to move. We eventually settled in the bed properly, with me in the middle. Just as we were about to drift off Jamie revealed that she had never taken a cock in her ass before, but was curious. I glanced at the clock, and assured her that we would have enough time in the morning to satisfy her curiosity.