 Payton had her first threesome on this leg of the tour. 

Two gorgeous men approached her after the show and started speaking to her about how good her performance was. 

She had noticed them right away after the show started. All night they stood just off to one side of the stage; engaged by the music but not screaming and dancing down front with most people. They were both big, muscular, model looking types with chiseled features and hard bodies. She had been immediately attracted to them both, but she tried to continue to perform for the whole crowd.

Instead she had found herself giving much of her performance as if it were for them alone. 

She was wearing the burlesque outfit that night and after the show stood talking to them with just pasties covering her breasts, the corset covering her torso, and merely panties, garters, and stockings below her narrow waist. 

Sweat still trickled down her face and body from the crazy climax of the show. 

She and Dylan had traded guitar solos for over ten minutes making the place scream with the intensity of their music. 

Now, drinking water to sooth her tired voice, she felt her pussy begin to slather up as these gorgeous men flirted with her. Their eyes couldn't stay off her practically bare breasts and she was anxious for one of them to take her home. 

As they moved in closer and flanked her their hands began to stroke her arms and she realized either she was going to have to choose, or they wanted to share her. 

Falling into the same strange headspace she'd had with the first stranger she had used as a sexual release she simply told them. "Take me to my hotel." 

The men smiled and they all left. Payton didn't even bother to change; she walked out in her burlesque outfit, breasts bared but for her nipple tassels. 

In the car the one who wasn't driving, Nicolas was his name, began to kiss her and then lick her neck. Sighing and leaning back she gave herself to him. His hands peeled the tassels off her nipples painfully and then he set about cleaning them with his tongue. She was sure the sticky glue she used to hold the tassels on tasted terrible, but he didn't stop. 

The trip to the hotel was an adventure all on its own. Reclining in the backseat Payton indulged in having her breasts groped and licked as she sighed with pleasure. 

She could see Trent, the other man, watching her in the rear-view mirror, and she smiled knowing he was enjoying the show. Passing cars might be able to see what was going on, and she found she didn't care. Nicolas was getting her aroused enough that public nudity didn't even faze her. 

Entering the hotel Payton snuggled close to the two men, covering her mostly bare body with their large muscular forms. She still wore the corset, but her breasts were completely bare and her nipples grew as hard as diamonds as she risked being seen by the hotel staff or another guest.

Inside the elevator Trent began to kiss and lick her drenched panties and Nicolas continued groping and nibbling her breasts. Payton couldn't believe how she was behaving. She was being such a slut, and she loved it. 

No-one saw them, and she felt mildly disappointed when the door to her room shut denying her a witness to what was about to happen. 

The men pulled her to the bed and immediately stripped her of her clothes. Hands stroked her skin, and kneaded the muscles of her limbs stealing tension of one sort and replacing it with another. The sexual charge was palpable between the three of them. Mouths captured her nipples and lips licking and nipping her into a frenzy. 

Taking turns the gorgeous men took her mouth and kissed her delirious while the other removed his own clothes, giving her glimpses of sculpted bodies that made her tremble with desire. 

Nicolas was the second to finish stripping and when done he parted her thighs and buried his face in her sex. Payton arched back and sighed as his tongue explored her folds bringing her intense pleasure. 

Trent moved his mouth from hers and began to devour her breasts, licking and nibbling them with a desperation that made her squirm. It felt as if every part of her was being tasted or fondled and it was driving her into an ecstatic state. 

Unable to stay still and passively accept this attention she reached for her purse beside them on the bed and grappled for her phone. 

Her body trembled with passion as her nerves were overwhelmed with stimuli and it took all of her will to grope her phone out of her purse and get it recording her current bout of incredible sex. 

At last she had a recording going and she began to allow the magical music being created by this electrifying encounter to spill out of her throat. 

Reaching for the nearest cock she began to stroke it and sing her uninhibited song. Music translated her lust into song and the men looked at her from where they were bringing her to climax and smiled. 

The men returned their hands and mouths to her succulent body and within moments her songs devolved into animalistic grunts as she fell over the edge of her orgasm. 

Payton climaxed and cried out her delight to the world in general as Nicolas' wonderful tongue teased her clit and his fingers probed her slot. With her chest aglow from Trent's mouth and hands she lost herself in a Kaleidoscope of colour and sound, this the most intense orgasm of her young life.

When at last she could form coherent thought she was ready to explore more of these gorgeous men. Her new playthings.

"The two of you sit on the edge of the bed." she commanded.

With grins from ear to ear they sat as instructed and Payton knelt before them and reached for Trent's cock, while opening her mouth and swallowing Nicolas'. Both men had good sized pricks, Nicolas slightly larger, but Trent's was smoother and more aesthetically pleasing to Payton.

Smiling to herself she marveled at the idea of having two penises to compare at once. With a mouth full of thick man meat and a hand full of rigid cock she was drunk with libidinous excess. 

Suckling on Nicolas she was overjoyed at having a mouthful of such a perfect specimen of manhood. His cock was gnarled and knotted with veins, but it felt wonderful moving her tongue and lips over it. 

He tasted of maleness, sweat and the lingering perfume of his shampoo. His hips rocked gently easing his erection deeper and deeper into her willing mouth. 

Her hand was full of Trent at the same time, and she loved the play of his velvety skin over the strong muscles of his hard-on. 

Switching from sucking Nicolas' cock to sucking Trent's Payton began to stroke Nicolas with her other hand. The slippery, spit soaked tool in her hand felt lewd, and her tongued eagerly bathed Trent making him just as slick. 

Humming her song once more over the head of Trent's cock she relished the wantonness she was exhibiting. The "prude" the guys though she was no longer existed. Now she was a rock star living out the rock star life. Happily on her knees alternating between two fantastic cocks she reveled in her debauchery. 

Just thinking about how hedonistic she was being made her pussy twitch. She needed to be filled with cock, now. 

Lifting her face from the pole she was currently suckling she stood up and looked down at the men who gazed at her with passion and eagerness. 

"Alright gentlemen, here is how this is going to go. My asshole is off limits, but anything else your dirty little minds can come up with I'm game for. Fuck me. Lick me. Rub me and make me cum. You aren't leaving here until I'm done with you." She smiled a wicked smile at them to take the edge off her demand, but she needn't have bothered. The men reached out and pulled her back to the bed their smiles and pulsing erections telling her they were more than happy to fulfill her every whim. 

As her recorder captured every sound Payton was ravished by these two ardent lovers. Putting her on all fours Nicolas pressed his wide purple head against her slippery pussy. Meanwhile Trent moved to her head and began to rub his cock over her features, filling her nose with his smell and making her mouth water, eager to taste him once more. 

As Nicolas entered her, filling her pussy, she moaned appreciatively. Taking advantage of her open mouth Trent placed his tip on her parted lips. Flicking her tongue over his head she began to lick him lightly, teasing the big man. 

Starting to slip in and out of her sopping hole Nicolas found a slow steady rhythm, her slot tingling with joy as he filled it, and pulsing angrily when he emptied it. 

Opening her mouth wide, her song filling the space for a moment Payton offered her tongue to Trent, who placed his tip on it and slid along the soft pink appendage filling her face with his tool, muffling her song. 

For long blissful moments the three lovers enjoyed the groove they were in; the men alternating stroking in and out of her; one filling her at one end, then withdrawing as the other filled her from the other end. 

Payton divided her focus between enjoying having her pussy thoroughly filled and used, and licking and pleasuring the cock in her mouth. Singing all the while, she gloried in her body being so perfectly taken advantage of. 

Growing more ardent in her need to reach fulfillment Payton began to suck harder on Trent and to arch her back, thrusting her ass out to encourage Nicolas to drive into her more powerfully. When he didn't she humped back at him, driving her cunt onto his spear. 

Getting the picture Nicolas began to pump into her with more force. Moaning with desire Payton thrust back at him almost losing her oral grip on Trent. This made Trent reach down and hold her head while he began to thrust into her face with more enthusiasm.

Now both men were shoving into her greedy holes and Payton felt a level of shamelessness she had never known. Being drilled by two powerful studs eager to please her was elating, spurring her to more obscene behavior than she had ever engaged in. 

Grabbing Trent's ass with both hands she guided him into her face, encouraging him to pump harder into her wide-open, humming throat. When he did so she put one hand on her own ass and pried her cheeks apart lewdly displaying her anus to Nicolas and impelling him to shove harder into her dripping pussy. 

Moments passed as the sound of slapping flesh grew louder and the grunts of the lovers more animalistic, then Nicolas cried out in inarticulate joy, his orgasm taking from him the power of speech. Emptying himself into her clutch he spilled his seed into her ravenous slot.

Immediately Payton took her mouth off of Trent and began to howl a musical climax of her own, the song fractured and primal but still melodic. As her body convulsed with euphoria Payton gasped out her tune, her mouth wide and her face contorted with the extremity of her orgasm. 

When at last Nicolas finished filling her with his spunk she dropped her head to the mattress, her ass still high as her bliss faded into a manageable level. 

The bed bounced as the men moved around her shivering form, then Payton's clenching cunt was filled once more, now by Trent. As he started to pound her with his mighty tool she went off once more on an orgasmic flight of sound and colour. 

Not able to focus on anything other than her pleasure Payton sang an unconscious song of rapture, her body gratified in new and amazing ways. Trent impaled her on his dong while his hands clutched her buttocks. After a few moments of this treatment, her mind still flayed with chemical release, she felt her tender breasts gripped and kneaded by Nicolas' strong hands, sending her further away in a delirium of delight.

A feeling of frothy squishiness seeped out of her gripping cunt and Payton came back to herself to hear a sloshing slurping noise accompanying her odd song. Churning up Nicolas' cum with his pounding, Trent was still wedging himself into her sloppy opening. 

Just as she was feeling aware enough to blush in humiliating at her depravity Trent began to spurt his seed into her adding yet more goo to the stew of juices inside her. 

Feeling his warm seed gush into her boiling centre sent Payton off once more in a maelstrom of carnal gratification. Losing her consciousness once more Payton felt like a small voice singing into a gale of sound. 

Crying out her Self in the harmony of Identity, Payton wallowed in the colourful inner landscape her minds sent her to as her orgasms, and there were many, violently shook her body like a giant dog with her awareness locked in its pleasurable grip. 

When next Payton knew what was happening to her body she found that she was lying on the bed on her side, the men holding her and stroking her face, and body. Shuddering with aftershocks Payton smiled weakly at them.

"What happened?" she whispered.

"I have no idea." Trent whispered back. "You started to sing like a banshee and shake all over."

"I would have thought you were having a seizure if you didn't have a huge smile on your face, and that amazing song coming out of your mouth. "

"I was still singing." 

"Well singing is the only word I have for it." Trent said."

"It was music, but it was strange and otherworldly." Nicolas offered. "Eerie."

"Yeah, really spooky, but cool spooky." Trent said. 

The three of them sat quietly for a time and stroked each other. 

Then when drowsiness threatened to swamp her the big men lifted her from the bed, Trent carried her while Nicolas moved ahead to the bathroom. Then running a shower, the three moved into the steamy spray and the two men tenderly bathed her of perspiration and the mess of their fornication. 

Glorying in the ministrations of her lovers Payton wallowed in self-indulgence. Two strong, sexy men bathed her, and rubbed her slick skin with large hands made tender with caring. 

When Nicolas probed her tingling slit with his fingers, washing away the mingled deposits of him and his friend, Payton trembled with desire ready for more. 

Trent stroked her limbs. Her arms shook while he massaged the fine muscles of her biceps and shoulders. Working his way inward soon his hands were caressing her tender breasts, teasing her slippery nipples with his thumbs.

Soon mouths began to taste her flesh once more. Nicolas kissed her nether lips and made her hips buck as his lip grazed her burning clit. Above Trent captured a nipple in his mouth and sucked, and licked it. 

Gripping their shoulders with each hand Payton held herself upright by sheer force of will, her body ready to collapse into carnal submission. 

Trent turned off the shower and the men stepped out and both grabbed towels. Before she could step out of the tub herself they reached out and began to dry her with tender pats of the soft towels. 

Nicolas returned to the tub and stood behind her drying her back and buttocks, while Trent focused on her front, dabbing her breasts and belly. The friends worked as a team one going up, the other down, drying every part of her, and then returning the other way. 

Finally both took her long hair and gently dried it while she relaxed utterly enjoying their considerate care.

When she was dry, they helped her out of the shower and led her back to the bed. Laying her out on the rumpled sheets they stretched out and Nicolas lay down beside her. Beginning to kiss her soft mouth, Nicolas massaged her breasts and slipped his tongue along hers, teasing her back to full arousal. 

Trent opened her legs and kissed his way up her thighs to her moist folds. Parting them with his thick fingers he licked the insides of her tender pussy and her hips involuntarily twitched. 

Once more her voice thrummed with unconscious music, and with her hand Payton sought her phone. 

Nicolas found it for her and when she had it she opened a new voice memo and began to sing openly. Nicolas lowered his face to her neck and kissed is way around her vibrating vocal chords as she sang out her bliss. 

For the next while the men licked and kissed every inch of her flesh, no nook or cranny ignored. Rolling her over they even parted her buttocks and licked her asshole making her giggle and change the tune to something more lascivious. 

Less wound up than before Payton was better able to accept this tongue bath and, singing all the while, soak up the slavish devotion the men were showing her. 

Finally she switched to a hungrier song. A song of need and rolled on her back and opened her legs wide offering her saturated cunt to them for use. 

"One of you better fuck me before I lose my mind."

Trent being the closest to the right position knelt between her gorgeous legs and aimed his hardness at her pink slit. Sliding effortlessly into her Trent moaned with pleasure as she enveloped him in her searing heat. 

Singing out her own happiness Payton started a new song and reached for Nicolas' tool as he sat watching his friend fill the petite songbird with hard manhood.

Pulling him to her face Payton stroked Nicolas' big tool and kissed along the underside as it hovered over her pretty face. Singing into hic cock like it were a microphone she rhapsodized her joy with random words of longing, and bliss, and licked and suckled him while humming. 

As her lust mounted from using, and being used by these magnificent men Payton began to grow more and more depraved in her needs. 

Starting with the tool in her hand Payton lifted Nicolas' shaft from her mouth and began to lick and suck his balls, her song muffled by his weighty sack. Then needing something more lewd, spurred on by a raunchier tune emitting from her mouth she licked her way back to his anus and began to rim him with her tongue. Singing up into his backside she swirled her tongue around the lip of his sphincter, then dipped the tip into the dank, dark hole. 

Still stroking him with one hand she used the other to pull back his ass cheek and expose him to her questing mouth. Licking him with the thick width of her tongue she bathed his nasty opening, reveling in the squalid, debasing nature of this.

Trent began to drive into her cunt harder seeing his friend so sordidly stimulated, and taking that as his cue to ramp the debauchery. Spreading her legs even wider he speared her with his cock making her gasp as she sang into Nicolas' bung hole. 

Grinding his ass down onto her mouth Nicolas reached behind himself and began to tweak her nipples, making her moan with lust. 

Moving back to Nicolas' balls Payton slurped on him noisily and her song began to fade away as her mouth drooled to be filled. Licking and kissing her way back upward she opened wide and swallowed the hard pole and devoured it gluttonously. 

Leaning forward Nicolas placed his hands on the bed and drove hip his downward shoving his tool into her frantic mouth. The hand Payton had on his ass moved inward and she pierced his dark hole with her slender finger, fucking him with her delicate digit. 

Her other hand pumped up and down his shaft in time to his thrusts, her tongue lathering him as her throat opened to accept him deep inside her face.

Feeling utterly depraved by fucking these two strangers Payton released herself from any mental bonds holding her back.

"Cum on me you fuckers. Cover me in that hot jizz! I need it!" She ordered, her skin tingling, her body eager for sperm. 

Pulling out of her grip Trent began to spray her belly with his cum, the hot spatter driving her wild. The spill of his spunk on her skin felt so gratifying that Payton immediately began to cum. Her body twisted in the throes of a specific delight she had never known. The delight of being an object of lust. 

Pulling her finger from Nicolas' ass she began to smear Trent's sticky goo around on her quivering stomach, tremors vibrating her body from head to toe. 

Then as she was beginning to sink from the heights of passion Nicolas pulled out of her slobbering orifice and began to jet his spooge onto her contorted features. 
