 I was half an hour late getting back to the cottage and so I wasn't surprised that Jan and her ex-husband Roger had already started. When I walked into the bedroom, Roger was laying on his back naked, eyes closed while my wife Jan, also naked, knelt over him and sucked his meaty cock. But the only thing that upset me was that it had taken me so long to get the additional bottle of champagne I planned to share for Jan's liberation.

To get to the point where Jan was naked and working her ex's cock with her mouth had started earlier that evening at a nice local restaurant. Actually it had started even earlier than that. We have a cottage in the small resort town where my wife (and Roger) grew up. Jan and I are usually there every weekend in the summer, sailing and sunbathing, the usual relaxation stuff. Jan had been emailing Roger for some time, so it seemed quite normal when she told me he was in town for a visit with his father and that she planned to go out to dinner with him. That was fine with me; I'm not the jealous type. But I didn't expect that she would insist I go along.

Jan and I had talked in the past about doing a threesome, either FMF or MFM, but she'd been hesitant. I was the one who usually brought it up, and most often while we made love. I would whisper, while massaging her back and her thighs, "Wouldn't it be nice to have four hands massaging you?" Or maybe I'd ask -- while she was sucking away on my cock -- if she would mind sharing my cock. Other times my question might be: "Would you like to have two cocks to play with?" Her response to that was always positive, which gave me hope for the future. But once, when I asked her if she would still like to fuck Roger, she just laughed as if the thought were absurd, but yet she hadn't answered.

Jan and Roger have been divorced nearly 20 years now, but reconnected maybe 10 years ago through a professional group they both belong to. They've stayed in touch and remained friends. In fact, a year ago, Jan and Roger happened to be at the same trade show and had dinner together twice during that week. Jan assured me nothing had gone on other than an innocent kiss goodnight and that was fine with me, since I'm far from the jealous type. Just the opposite, I love the thought of Jan enjoying herself and being pleased -- even if it might be another guy's cock.

Jan had chosen a nice restaurant in town and our reservation was early, so the dining room was not crowded. Inside, it was dim, and quiet. Roger was already at the table when we got there. Roger was maybe an inch or two shorter than me, but stockier. It was a warm summer evening, so he wore a Hawaiian shirt and slacks, pretty much what I had on. Jan wore a skirt and a tank top, which emphasized her slim waist and nice breasts. I felt that she must have wanted to be a bit of a tease, since she usually preferred to wear slacks or shorts, rather than a short skirt. And although she never wears a bra, she typically wears a top over her tank tops -- but not that night. But then it was not to be a typical night.

Roger and I sat at either side of Jan and I enjoyed the view of her lovely breasts and nipples outlined through her top. Not to mention her lovely legs under the table. I ordered wine while Jan and Roger caught up on their most recent history. I expected that Jan would drink little, but inside I sort of hoped a nice chardonnay would loosen her up a bit. The three of us were in the middle of a good talk, and when I excused myself to visit the restroom, Jan put her hand on my thigh and smiled at me. In turn, I touched her naked thigh and I could feel her open her legs ever so slightly. It was a move I recalled later as prescient.

As I returned to the table, I saw Jan and Roger close together, engaged in conversation. When I sat down, Roger said "my turn" and excused himself. 

As he headed to the restroom, I reached under the table to caress Jan's thigh. "Funny you should do that," she said. "Roger did the same thing when you went to the bathroom."

"Who could blame him? You're a very sexy woman. How far up your thigh did he get?" I teased.

"Do you care?" she came right back with a smile, a tease herself.

"I care that you enjoy yourself, and I regret when you deny yourself enjoyment," was my circular response. Jan kissed me on the cheek and put her hand on mine.

Roger returned, we straightened up and were midway through dinner when Jan abruptly said to no one in particular, "Don't you guys expect a threesome tonight. It's not going to happen." Her comment took Roger and me by surprise.

While a three-way might have been one of my thoughts, I wasn't sure if it was what Roger had contemplated. "So, would you like me to leave?" I joked. The three of us were quiet for a few moments, each of us absorbing her statement. Then I continued.

"If you think about it," I said quietly so the few other diners couldn't hear, "you've probably screwed Roger and me thousands of times over the years, not to mention BJs and getting your pussy licked. You just did one first, then the other later, rather than back and forth. My guess is -- you enjoyed both of us."

Jan looked perplexed for a moment, and then smiled. "There's some truth to that," she said. "First one, then the other and then both ... " Her voice trailed. She was thinking about something, but kept it to herself. Roger and I glanced at each other, a look that said, well, whatever she wants, we'll do. From my perspective, I would have had no problem with her going off to spend the night with Roger; I'm that secure in our relationship. I just would have been sorry to miss watching her enjoy herself. Still, I would have been happy to fuck her when she came home, her pussy filled with cum, even if I didn't get to see it happen. I wanted her to be satisfied and happy.

Next it was Jan's turn to visit the restroom. Roger and I had a few moments of awkward silence together. "What do you think?" I said. "About what?" he responded, obviously leery that he might say the wrong thing.

I leaned in and quietly said, "Well, would you like to get in bed with her again? Don't tell me it's not been on your mind."

"If she and you are willing," he answered. "I guess we both know how good she is in bed. And if you want to know the truth, as she's grown older, I think she's just gotten sexier. I'll bet she still enjoys a lot of caressing and massage, right? We could certainly give her that."

"You're right," I said. "We'll just leave it up to her. I love seeing Jan have an orgasm and enjoy herself, so don't worry. Let's just have a good dinner and see what happens."

"What are you two hatching?" Jan asked when she returned. She had obviously thought about something and had come to a conclusion while she was away from the table. "Let's go back to the cottage," she said flatly, but with a smile. "I don't really want dessert, do you?" Neither Roger nor I made any stupid jokes about dessert, and simply agreed. As we waited for the check, Jan leaned forward and with her hands touched both Roger and me. She looked back and forth at both of us. "You know, you're really nice guys, both of you."

I suggested that Jan ride back to the cottage with Roger while I stopped to get more wine, even though I knew we had several bottles on hand. I think Jan knew it too, but didn't say anything. At our car I pulled Jan to me and kissed her. She opened her mouth and kissed me back, deeply, our tongues together in a wet sex dance. I could feel her breasts pressed to my chest. "Thank you," was all she said before she climbed into Roger's car while held the door open.

The store where I'd planned to buy some champagne was closed, so off to another store, which meant I was later than planned. I didn't know what to expect, since we'd never directly agreed about sex or anything else over our dinner conversation. 

When I arrived at the cottage, it appeared dark. Roger's car was in the drive, but a dim light did shine in the bedroom window. I entered quietly, put the champagne in the fridge and walked down the hall. The bedroom door was open. They were both naked. Roger was sitting up against the headboard and Jan was sucking the head of his thick cock. Roger caressed her back and gently fondled her breasts. Jan was definitely enjoying herself. Roger saw me first and had a sheepish "we couldn't wait" look. Jan made a "pop" sound as she pulled his cock from her mouth. "We took showers and couldn't wait," she laughed. "Now get cleaned up and in here, I want a massage!" 

I took the fastest shower of my life and when I walked into the bedroom, Jan was on her back, legs spread and a pillow under her ass. Roger was licking her pussy. He obviously was in familiar territory. I could tell Jan really enjoyed him as he slowly ran his tongue around the outside of her labia. Roger stopped when I entered the room and kissed Jan deeply, and then she rolled over, stopping for a moment to give my cock a friendly suck. "How about some caressing guys?"

For the next 30 minutes Roger and I caressed her back, legs and massaged Jan's feet. She was in heaven. Roger and I worked her over, both of us with big hard-ons dangling from between our legs. Eventually she started grinding her pussy into the mattress, a sure sign she's ready to screw. Finally, Jan rolled over and took a cock in each hand. "Who wants to be first?" she asked, smiling. She spread her legs wide and exposed her wet pussy. "I think guests should be first," I said. Roger kneeled between her legs. He kissed, open-mouthed, and slowly. Jan held his thick, hard cock and pulled him closer. "Why don't you come inside, and I mean cum inside," she said. I lay next to them, caressed Jan lightly, and then laid back to watch.

Roger was obviously much thicker than I am, and I could see her shocked look as she felt his head penetrate her, even though she was wet. She drew a sharp breath. "Slowly," she said. Roger took his time, sliding his meaty cock into her, just a little bit at a time. Fortunately, Jan was extremely wet and after what seemed like an eternity, Roger was deep inside her. But instead of pounding away, he just as slowly pulled his cock back until he was almost out, then slowly slid it back in. It drove her crazy. "Rog, that feels so good," she whispered. Jan turned to look at me and smiled. "Kiss me honey," she said to me. Jan and I connected with a long, warm, wet, open-mouthed kiss. Our tongues tasted each other. When we were done, I rolled back and she kissed Roger the same way. He was still doing his slow motion thing, when I saw him tense and I guessed he was about to come. 

"Jan, I can't hold back any longer," he said.

"It's OK baby, shoot!" Jan said.

Jan arched her back to take every bit of him in her and I saw his body flex as he ejaculated into her pussy. Jan kept pumping up at him, but she didn't come. Roger relaxed, the tension out of him.

They lay wrapped together for several minutes before Roger rolled away. Jan lay there, sweaty, her arms above her head, cum running out of her. She made no move to stop it. Instead, she took my arm and said, "Honey, now you come inside."

There was no need to guide me in. My cock felt like it had dived into a thick, warm, wet pool. Roger had dumped a boatload of cum in her and I was swimming in it. "Fuck me," Jan whispered. "Now -- and hard."

I simply began to pound away. Not really hard, but deep, which is what she meant. I'm longer than Roger -- I think -- but I didn't want to make her feel uncomfortable. Besides, by now I know just what works. The difference this time was her wetness and all the juices in her pussy. The sound of my balls slapping against her wet ass filled the room until I too felt myself ready to cum. I tried to slow down, but Jan insisted. "Don't stop! Don't stop!" The excitement of fucking my wife, full of another man's cum, kissing her wildly, sucking her nipples, it all sent me over the edge and I shot inside her too. I tensed four or five times, as I tried to pump every drop of cum from balls into her pussy. It finished one of the wildest rides I'd ever had.

I rolled off Jan and the three of us lay there on our backs, relaxed and spent -- for the moment. Jan reached over and took a limp cock in each hand and played with her wet, slippery toys. She turned her head toward me and kissed me deeply again ... "Thank you!" she said and then turned to Roger, kissed him the same way and said "Thank you!" again. I knew Jan had enjoyed herself immensely, but she hadn't had an orgasm yet. Soon it would be her turn.

Without asking, I got up, crawled between her legs and began kissing her wet, slippery thighs. Jan didn't object, so taking my time, I spread her pussy and began licking her cum-covered mound, taking a moment here and there to lap the mixed cum up onto her clit. She moaned slightly and pressed herself up to my face. If sex has a flavor, I was savoring the gourmet version. At the same time she held a firm grip on Roger's cock, which responded by stiffening and thickening in her hand. I was already hard, since I was in one of the most erotic moments of my life.

Using his cock as a come-along, Jan pulled Roger's now hard dick to her face and began to suck it again. After a few minutes, I felt a tap on my shoulder and Jan said, "It's time for Roger to cut in." Jan kissed him and she pulled me up to her, kissed me deeply and tasted cum and pussy juice on our tongues. Then she took me in her mouth while Roger crawled between her legs and began to lick and suck her clit. I had to admit, Roger was an expert at oral sex. After a few more minutes I could feel Jan's body stiffen. She pulled my cock from her mouth, but held it tightly. Then she moaned loudly and arched her back hard against Roger's face, and then came with a series of sharp, orgasmic cries that seemed to go on for a minute. "No more!" Jan gasped, pushing Roger's head back, while she still hung on to my cock and squeezed it like a woman possessed.

This time we all lay there expended. Jan got up to use the bathroom and I got up to open some champagne. We met in the kitchen, our first time alone at the cottage since we'd returned.

Jan came up to me from behind and put her arms around me, pressed her naked body to mine and asked: "You OK honey?"

"Better than OK, you?"

"I'm just so happy. This is so ... so different. And you aren't jealous, right?"

I turned and held her naked body close to me. "Isn't this what I've hinted at for so long? I love it."

"I think you did more than hinted," Jan said with a laugh. "Aren't you the one who wanted to take me to a swing club?" She kissed me hard and long. 

"Well, tonight's not over yet honey," she said and gave my cock a tug.

We carried our drinks back to the bedroom where Roger was leaning against the headboard, playing with his stiffening cock. "Well, I like that!" Jan quipped. We toasted, but before Jan could take her second sip, I said, "You know, that needs a swizzle!" I took Jan's glass from her hand and dipped the tip of my cock into it. Jan leaned over and licked the champagne from the head of my cock. Roger did the same and she worked his cock over as well. Then Jan smiled as she took a sip from her champagne and reached for my glass and lowered her nipple into it. She held her breast up, and as champagne dripped from her nipple she offered it to Roger who licked her dry. Then Jan did the same for me. I ran my tongue around her wet areole then kissed her.

"Here," she said, and took our glasses away. Roger leaned back against the headboard. Jan knelt between his legs and started to play with his cock. As she shifted to her hands and knees, Jan began to suck his cock again. She turned her head and said to me: "Come inside me honey, doggy-style, OK?" I got behind her and slipped my hard cock into her pussy as she sucked Roger. I worked her slowly, my thrusts gentle, so as not to disturb her sucking rhythm. Roger fondled her breasts and I held her hips as I slowly fucked her from behind. She was so sloppy and wet I slipped out once or twice, but it didn't slow her cock sucking at all.

Roger was in a trance as Jan licked his penis and caressed his balls and finally he announced he was about to cum. Jan didn't miss a beat and kept his cock tightly in her mouth, ready for him to shoot. Roger didn't disappoint. He pumped a load into her mouth which Jan quickly swallowed, although some of his cum ran from the corner of her lips. She kissed his cock all over before moving up to kiss him full on the lips and give him a taste of his juices.

Meanwhile I kept my cock in her and when Roger and she had finished, Jan pushed back on me, leaned on her elbows and started to pound against my cock. Roger caressed her breasts and her nipples, until I gave up my load into Jan's sopping pussy. Jan was wild, like I'd never seen her before and as soon as I'd finished, she turned around to suck my cock and positioned her dripping pussy toward Roger. "Finger me," she commanded and began to work my limp dick with her lips. I think she just wanted to have a cock in her mouth. Roger's fingerwork brought her to another orgasm so intense she bit down hard on my cock -- a feeling I actually enjoy. Jan rolled off onto her back and I took my hard-again cock in hand and jacked off onto her tits. When I'd cum, Jan massaged it all onto her breasts. Roger and I each licked one of her nipples. Once again the three of us were exhausted.

At that point, Jan and I decided it was too late for Roger to drive home, so he spent the night, three of us on the bed with Jan in the middle, getting lots of sleepy time caresses.

I awoke at first light, sensing movement next to me, only to find Roger on top of Jan, fucking her again. It didn't take long and as soon as they realized I was awake, they acknowledged me with a smile. "We used to have a routine of morning quickies," Jan said. "Come here and kiss me good morning." I did, of course, while Roger pumped away inside her. It was quick as promised, and as soon as he was done, Roger dressed, thanked us and kissed Jan goodbye.

It was quiet in the bedroom and Jan snuggled next to me. "Did you enjoy it all?" I asked. "Immensely," she said, "but there's more."

With that she straddled me and worked her pussy up so she could straddle my face. "Now clean up my other lover before you fuck me," she said. I tasted the best breakfast I'd ever had. All our juices from the night before and Roger's fresh load left my face sopping wet as my tongue worked her clit. Jan made half-moan, half-scream sounds as she ground her hips on my face and my tongue worked her. Jan leaned back and played with my hard cock. Soon she forgot about my cock and concentrated on getting the maximum pleasure from my tongue. Jan came with a shattering orgasm and jumped off. She couldn't stand any more. Then she rolled onto her back and I climbed on top. 

"Come inside me," she said. And I did.

Epilogue

As we lay in bed later that morning, Jan had one more surprise. "Roger's still in town tomorrow night," she said, "So I invited him to dinner tonight ... I hope you don't mind." What could I say? Roger came to dinner and moved in with us for the rest of his week-long stay. But more on that story later.