 I sat in the car outside the Imperial-Orpheus Bar for a long time. I didn't remember driving from the motel. My voyeurism had finally gotten the better of me. I shouldn't have stayed to spy on Peter while he took Jame's cherry. He'd known I was there. While Jame was in the bathroom, he raped me. Or had he? I'd certainly wanted him badly enough. Had I been trying to get caught?

My clothes were passable and my face looked normal in the car mirror. My lipstick was long gone and I wasn't wearing any other makeup. I combed my hair to remove the tangles and left the car.

I knocked on the locked front door. Nick, the bouncer, opened it. He was a really sweet guy in his late 20s with blue eyes, a blond crewcut and a wide wrestler's body. He was so fucking cute! Nick had always been a complete gentleman, but I'd sensed his heat every time we were together. 

"It's my favorite vintage 'Playboy' cartoon." The speaker was a tall man in his mid-50s, with shoulder-length gray hair and a neat gray goatee. "It's a drawing of a bedroom. A man's voice is coming out of the bathroom, asking, 'Why do they call you 'Tex?'' A really stacked babe is kneeling on the bed, naked except for a cowboy hat, boots . . . and spurs!" The other men laughed heartily. 

"That's pretty good, Jimmy." The speaker had a handsomely weather-beaten look that reminded me of the cowboy in the old cigarette ads, even though he was Black and wearing slacks, a sport coat and a tie.

"Where's the party?" I asked. The theatre doors were locked and there were only a handful of men left in the bar. 

"Everybody's pretty well hooked up," Nick answered. "It is after 3:00 AM. Matt and Lyta left a half-hour ago."

"I've got Matt's car," I said. "I guess I'll go stay with them." 

"That would a bad idea," Nick said. "I can't say who, but they're not alone."

"Shit!" I muttered. I couldn't go back to the motel with Peter there. The car's back seat was pretty comfortable, but it was really cold outside.

Two men were standing at the bar, drinking tequila and smoking a joint. "Can you spare a little for a lady?" I asked as I joined them. I'd only smoked pot a half-dozen times in my life, but I really needed something. 

"Sure," the taller man said, passing me the joint. "I'm Frank and this is my brother Joe." They were both around 30, tall, handsome and athletic. Frank had black hair and brown eyes. Joe was a little younger, with brown hair and blue eyes. 

"What are the odds?" I thought as I took a long drag on the joint. "Two more hot brothers!" I held my breath a long time and was pleased when I exhaled without coughing. It was really good dope. The world around me rapidly became dreamy and slow-motion. 

"May I?" It seemed to be someone else speaking with my voice and pointing to the tequila shot sitting on the bar. 

"Let me get you a fresh one," Joe answered, moving behind the bar. I'd never drunk tequila, but I'd seen it done. I wondered why Joe wasn't giving me any salt or limes, just a tall slender glass filled with the pungent amber fluid. No matter. I picked the drink up and downed it in one swift gulp. It burned down my throat and exploded in my stomach. A wave of heat washed over my body.

"Wow!" I whispered breathlessly. 

"You usually sip Milagro, instead of shooting it," Joe said gently. "It's premium tequila." 

"Okay, I'll drink the next one slowly," I answered, pushing the glass toward him. Joe glanced at Frank, then shrugged and poured me another shot. I sipped the tequila for several minutes before my glass was empty. 

"I don't think you'll want another round right away," Joe said. 

"No, that's fine . . . I can already really file . . . feel . . . maybe a little more . . ." I gestured vaguely at the joint sitting in an ashtray on the bar. Frank lit it. Nick joined the group while we were passing the joint around. I waved it away after my third hit and leaned back against the bar, marveling at my combined sensations of perfect well being and blazing lust. 

"I have a CD for Matt," I said. "He was going to make Rick a copy."

"I can do that," Nick said. 

Nick unlocked the office and we went inside. While he was busy with the computer, I sat beside the desk, thinking about Peter invading my body. I'd wanted to fuck him. Why was I unhappy about getting my wish? Why had he done it that way? Why hadn't I fought him? If I hated it so much, why had I cum so strongly? Should I tell Jame? Why was remembering getting me so hot?

". . . Tracy?" I suddenly realized Nick had been talking to me. "Tracy, are you all right?"

"Uh . . . yeah . . . sure . . ." I felt like someone else was speaking. "I was just . . . thinking. It's been a long night."

"The CDs are finished," Nick said. "The two copies are in the desk drawer. I'll leave Matt a note. Here's your original." He had a strange expression. I suddenly realized how I looked. My erect nipples were clearly visible through the sheer fabric of my tightly-fitting blouse. The top buttons were unfastened, showing my modest cleavage. I was sitting with my legs spread and my skirt had hiked up, revealing my torn panties and my exposed mound, gleaming with juices. 

Nick understood my expression instantly. He let his eyes roam freely over my wanton body before locking with mine. We rose as one and moved into each other's arms. Standing with my firm little breasts crushed against his chest and his erect penis pressing into my crotch, we kissed open-mouthed. His hands slid down my back, flipped my skirt up and gripped my buttocks.

After humping through Nick's slacks for a little while, I pulled away just enough to work my hands between our bodies and free his stiff cock and bulging balls. As we stood holding each other, his head and shaft slid along my slit, slowly forcing me open. 

My heart was pounding and I was gasping for breath. I twisted my pelvis, positioning my pussy mouth to catch his penis. "Oh God yes! Nick fuck me!" I gasped as his cock-head entered my snatch. "Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!!" After several thrusts, his entire length was inside me.

Nick was a little taller than me, so his cock was angled down. His shaft rubbed my clit and his head caught my G-spot while we fucked. "Oh Nick! Oh Nick! Oh Nick!" I cried. "I'm cummmmiiinnngggg!!" Only his arms kept me from falling backward as my body convulsed. 

"Does your mother know you scream like that?" he asked. I giggled. It was a line from "Stray Cat Blues," a Rolling Stones song Fishnet Barbie had played at last night's gig. Our version is just as nasty as the original, but we changed the lyrics to the girl's viewpoint ("I've got a girlfriend, she's even wilder than me / So let's just take her upstairs / She's so wild she'll join in too / But it's no hanging matter / It's no capital crime . . . Mama don't know I scream like that / Mother doesn't know I bite like that").

I suddenly realized I was sitting on the office couch, leaning back with my legs sprawled. Nick was sitting beside me with one arm draped over my shoulders and the other curled over my stomach. 

"Mom's a screamer herself," I answered dizzily. Nick's eyes widened. "Oh! . . . I don't mean I've done it with her, I've just heard her and Dad." Actually, night after night I'd masturbated in the dark hall outside their bedroom while watching them having sex.

Nick was still wearing his pants, with his cock and balls exposed. I slipped my hand around his erect penis. It was normal length, about 6 inches, but so thick I could barely close my fingers. "You made me come so good", I purred. Now, I want to get you off." He gasped with excitement as I stroked his broad mushroom head and thick shaft with swift gentle fingers.

"No, Baby!" Nick exclaimed, suddenly pulling away. "I'm not cumming in your hand." He removed my shoes, blouse and skirt, leaving me dressed in tattered panties and self-supporting nylon stockings. 

It only took Nick a few seconds to shed his own clothes and kneel between my thighs. I moaned with pleasure as his tongue stroked my slit. "You taste so good," he whispered as he pulled me open and thrust his tongue into my snatch. I was already close to cumming when he slipped a finger up my pussy and started licking and sucking my clit. My screams were even louder than before.

"Sexy Baby!" I exclaimed. "I need your cock . . . Now! Sit on the couch . . ." In a moment, I was straddling him, positioning myself . . . "Oh Baby! Your cock head! . . . Slide it down . . . Yeah! Your head's in my cunt! . . . Now . . . Oh Fuck!!" I almost came as Nick lifted his hips, impaling me on his shaft and slamming his balls against my pussy lips.

"Oh Fuck Baby! Oh, fuck, fuck, fuck!!" I cried as Nick sank back onto the couch with me riding his cock. He fondled my breasts and sucked my nipples while we humped. His plunging penis felt so good inside me, kissing my outer lips and probing my intimate depths.

Nick's wonderful mushroom cock-head was constantly stimulating me. It felt just like . . . Peter's! The thought was so startling, I abruptly broke my rhythm. Nick was staring up at me. "It's okay, Baby," I whispered quickly, kissing him passionately as I moved back into time with his thrusts. "He's nothing like Peter," I told myself, savoring the sensations of his tender loving cock filling and stretching me.

Nick was under me as we fucked on the couch. For a long time, I kept my eyes closed, concentrating on the sensations of our love-making. Occasionally, I'd look down at Nick's face and body, savoring his delighted lustful expression and the sight of his cock plunging into my pussy.

I finally turned my gaze outward and nearly screamed in surprise.

Frank and Joe were standing naked behind the couch, stroking each other's cocks as they watched Nick and me. Nick was facing away from the door, so he didn't know the men were there. 

I winked and blew the brothers a kiss. Nick was intent on my breasts and his steady fucking motion. "Jesus Nick!" I gasped. "This is wonderful! I love riding your big fat cock!" He was moving fast now, gripping my breasts as he thrust into me.

Nick's eyes were closed and I knew his world had narrowed to the sensations of our conjoined bodies. I beckoned to the brothers. A second later, I had a cock in each hand.

My pussy muscles clamped Nick's head and shaft as I rode his driving penis. He was throbbing . . . really close . . . and I was rapidly building to my own climax. "Fuck Nick!" I screamed. "Fuck my tight little pussy! Shoot your cum up my hot cunt!" I was stroking the brothers frantically as Nick screamed and thrust, flooding me with each stroke. 

I was cumming, too. Frank and Joe held me upright as I screamed and thrashed. I had a long orgasm while Nick splashed jet after jet of hot male juice against my pussy walls. After he'd spent himself, I continued gripping his still-stiff rod with my cunt muscles, frantically fucking myself to an even more intense climax.

Finally worn out, I sank down onto Nick. His penis gradually softened inside me as we kissed tenderly. He looked up dreamily, first focusing on my breasts and face, then past me to . . . Frank and Joe, naked with bulging balls and stiff cocks. 

"What the fuck?" Nick demanded angrily. He glared for a second, then laughed. "Why should I care?" He paused to kiss me. "Tracy, you're wonderful. I hope these guys liked the show we put on."

"Maybe," he continued, pausing to look at Frank, then Joe, "they even learned something."

Frank was grinning. "We saw that you'd learned most of what we tried to teach you," he replied. 

The brothers had dropped their clothes near the office door. Joe fumbled with his jeans, producing a joint and lighter. I inhaled deeply, taking a long drag and holding it. When I finally released the smoke, a wave of dizziness rushed over me. It passed after an instant, leaving burning lust in its wake. 

"Awesome dope!" Nick gasped. I had two more tokes while he and the brothers finished the joint. 

"God! I'm so hot!" I announced, flopping down on the couch with my legs spread. The men glanced at each other. Their cocks had softened while they were smoking the pot, but they grew erect almost instantly. 

Frank and Nick began kissing my face and breasts while Joe moved between my legs, opening me with a touch. "Oh yeah Baby! Eat my pussy!" I moaned as his tongue slipped into my snatch. "Oh God! Oh Fuck!!" Joe licked my G-spot and sucked my juices while pinching my clit with his fingertips. 

I came hard. My shaking pubis battered Joe's head and face. "Your juice tastes good mixed with Nick's cum," he laughed when the storm had passed. I remembered the brothers fondling each other's dicks and Frank's comment about teaching Nick. 

"I'm going to mix some of mine in you now," Joe continued, positioning his penis between my legs.

"Not so fast, little brother!" Frank said, grabbing Joe and pulling him away from me. "I'm eating Tracy's hot juicy pussy before you fuck it!" He was even better than Joe, making me cum until I collapsed exhausted on the couch. 

"Let's take Tracy to Dressing Room A," Nick said. "It has a big bed. That'll be more comfortable." I relaxed and let them carry me to the dressing room door.

"Put me down," I said as we reached the threshold. "I'm not a bride and I can walk on my own."

Nick unlocked the door. "What the . . .?" he exclaimed as he stepped inside. 

The king-sized bed was in an alcove off the main dressing room. Giant mirrors covered the three walls around the bed. There were two naked women, a big blonde and a smaller brunette, in sixty-nine position in the center of the bed. 

Margot lifted her juice-smeared face from Nicole's pussy and grinned at me. "Hi Sweetie," she said. "I knew we'd see you again soon."

"Come on, Baby," she added to Nicole. "Let's watch Guitar Girl get gang-banged." She looked around the room. "By all these men." 

I suddenly realized more men had drifted in from the bar. "Nicole, lets . . ." the brunette's mouth was still busy. Margot suddenly moaned, "Oh Baby! . . . Your tongue! . . . Oh Yeah, Oh Shit! . . . Oh! . . . Oh! . . . Oh!" 

We stared at Margot thrashing on the bed as Nicole brought her off. My nipples were painfully hard and juice was oozing from my hot snatch and running down my legs. Joe, Frank and Nick had immense hard-ons. The remaining men were still dressed, but most had their pants open and were jacking their stiff cocks.

Joe broke the spell by taking my hand and leading me to the bed. I sank down onto my back with my legs spread and my pussy gaping. He climbed on top of me, covering my body with his. "Yeah Joe!" I whispered as his cock slid smoothly up my cunt. 

After fucking me steadily for several minutes, Joe moved me to a new position with my knees raised and the soles of my feet flat on the bed. He was kneeling between my legs, still screwing me with a steady rhythm. 

There was a mirror on the ceiling, the first I'd ever seen. It was wonderful looking up and watching myself getting fucked. I could also raise up on my elbows and see Joe's cock sliding in and out of my snatch. 

Lips closed on my nipples and long hair, blonde and brunette, flowed over my breasts. I sank back onto the bed, lost in the sensations Joe, Nicole and Margot were producing. 

Joe gripped my thighs, lifting them and spreading my legs wider. In the mirror, I could see his thick dick driving into me. He was going really fast. I came violently. I'd wanted to wait for Joe, but I couldn't hold back. I felt his hot sperm squirting into me while I screamed and thrashed. 

He collapsed onto me, gasping for breath. I held him as our breathing and heartbeats returned to normal. When his cock finally softened and slipped out, Joe kissed me, stood up and stepped away. 

I looked around the room. All the men were now naked. I'd never imagined I'd see such a mixture of body types at the same time. Somehow, they were all sexy. I wanted each of them to fuck me. 

Frank climbed onto the bed, kneeling between my legs, gripping my ankles and lifting my legs, pulling my crotch to his face. His tongue slithered around my snatch, gradually pushing me to an intense orgasm. 

"That was great!" I gasped. "Now fuck me! Ram your big cock up my snatch. Fuck me rough and fill my cunt with your cum!" I screamed with pleasure and excitement as he took me the way I needed!

Margot and Nicole were kneeling on my left and right, watching Frank fuck me. "Stop!" Nicole suddenly exclaimed. "Get away from my pussy, you prick! I'm a lesbian."

A man was kneeling behind Nicole, with his hands around her waist. He looked like a farmer or construction worker, middle-aged with a strong heavy body, ruddy complexion and close-cropped thinning hair. "Not right now, Baby!" he growled. "You're getting fucked by a real man tonight!"

Nicole twisted away from the Redneck, but he caught her and flipped her onto her back, pinning her shoulders to the bed. Red's stiff cock was seven thick inches long and already slick with his pre-cum. She tried to kick him away, but he gripped her thighs and opened her legs. Nicole screamed softly as he forced his cock into her snatch. Once fully inside, he groped her breasts briefly, then began fucking her with rapid thrusts. 

"Take it, lezzie bitch! Take a real man!" he shouted.

Margot lunged for the couple, but another man grabbed her. He looked like a Biker, middle-aged, big and fat, with a bald head and gray beard. "Hold still Blondie," he said. "You're getting it, too! Be good, unless you want it up the ass."

The Biker quickly subdued Margot with his big strong body. "Your cunt's really wet for a dyke who doesn't want a man," he commented. "Fucking Jesus, you're hot and tight!" he gasped. "Built for my big thick cock! . . . Yeah, struggle! That makes it even better . . ." She was screaming as she squirmed beneath him. 

Frank clawed at my breasts as his cock punished my pussy. I was cumming almost constantly, raking his back with my fingernails. 

I was in a space between orgasms. Frank was hammering me, shaking my body with each thrust. I could feel him pulsing inside me. "Yeah Frank!" I cried, rolling into another climax. "Shoot your . . . Oh Yeah! Fuck! Spray all that hot juice . . . Oh!" 

Red was grunting rhythmically, cumming as he slammed his cock into Nicole's cunt. "Shit Baby! That was good!" he exclaimed. "I'll bet I've spoiled you for women." He pulled out and walked away, leaving her lying limp on the bed. 

Cowboy pulled Frank away and knelt between my legs. I gripped his stiff ebony cock. It was over 9" long and so thick I couldn't close my fingers around it. He gripped my waist and lifted me into the air, spiking my pussy on his erect member. 

"Ooohhh! Gaaaawwwwdddd!" I moaned, wrapping my arms around Cowboy's back and gripping his shoulders. Waves of fire and ice played over my body as his massive cock stretched and filled me with exquisite slowness. After an erotic eternity, I was dizzily aware his entire length was inside me. 

The Biker was still driving into Margot. She screamed, "You fucking bastard!" An instant later, she gasped orgasmically, "Oh Fuck! Oh Fuck! Oh! Oh! Fuck!!"

"Here's a big hot man load for my Dyke Baby!" the Biker shouted as he slammed his cock into her snatch. I heard Margot cumming violently as he shot inside her. 

Nicole was curled on her side with her legs clamped together and her arms protectively covering her breasts. A thin young man with long dark hair and a sparse black mustache lay beside her, stroking her hair and speaking to her in a soothing whisper. She rolled over and moved into the Hippie's arms. 

I worked my hips in time with Cowboy's slow thrusts. His head plumbed the depths of my snatch while his shaft rubbed my G-spot and outer lips. His motions pulled on my clit hood, keeping me on the edge of orgasm. 

