 Rumors started spreading around the office like wildfire since Jan, Human Resources Manager, was fired without any inclination nor knowledge she had done anything to warrant such an action. The news came down from Greg, the Vice President, in an email that was sent in a matter of hours after his meeting with Jan and the director. She had come out of the meeting with her mascara running down her face and hurriedly slammed the door behind her as she entered her office. Approximately an hour later, security showed up to escort Jan out of the building with her box of belongings nestled carefully under her arm. The hushed conversations erupted as everyone, including myself, tried to discern from the email and rumor mill, what exactly happened. No one seemed to have any idea and the rumors were bogus and creative to say the least. It's not every day, an HR manager, is fired on the spot without a shred of knowledge of wrong doing had occurred. The company was quite well off and so downsizing couldn't have been the trigger for the firing. Curiosity overwhelmed the office that day and nothing seemed to get done. The life in an office environment could be taxing at times, but the drama that is prevalent, keeps the job interesting.

The next day was a shocker for everyone. Who would have thought a policy change would take effect, not even 24hrs after the firing of the head of Human Resources. Coincidence, nobody thought so. It had to be directly related to the firing of Jan. There was no other explanation that could explain otherwise. The email updating the policy was an excerpt from the employee handbook on Fraternizing.

"Additionally, for the same reason above, no employee may date another employee who is separated by more than one level in the chain of command. This includes an employee who reports to their bosses counterpart in another department."

Below that contained the updated version.

"Additionally, for the same reason above, no employee may have sexual relations/date another employee who is separated by more than one level in the chain of command. This includes an employee who reports to their bosses counterpart in another department."

The email distributed to the whole company sent a frenzy of voices like a tornado ripping through a city as rumors upon rumors circulated the office floor. How could little innocent Jan be caught up in such a scandal when the entire company has never had an issue with them.

My thoughts were slowly interrupted as the office phone started ringing.

"Hello, this is Shelly, how may I help you today?" I cheerfully answered.

"Cindy! It's Jan. I need just a second of your time. Don't look around as I'm sure they are probably watching everyone right now and keeping a close eye on suspicious behavior. You and I may not have been best friends, but you know from our lunches when I'm serious and when I'm not. Here's the deal. You are next in line for that HR job. Don't take it. I was fired because Greg handed down the quid pro quo regarding my job and I refused for many years. The one time I gave in, look what happened. He is sneaky and sly and he is out for himself. Keep your eyes peeled and don't take that job." The line went silent.

What was she even talking about? Did she refuse him sexual favors in return for a promotion? It made no sense as the next level would be director. Something felt off and there was no way what she had said would be possible. First of all, Jan was mid 20's, 3yrs out of college with her Masters in Human Resource Management and she may have been petite, but carried herself very well. I, on the other hand, am late 40's, erotically round and only have a bachelor in business. I did not fit the criteria for Human Resource Management. Again, interrupted by my phone ringing.

"Hello, this is Shelly speaking, how may I help you today?" I answered.

"Hello Shelly, this is Greg. I need you to report to my office as soon as possible. Your manager is already aware I have called this meeting so no need to interrupt him," his voice boomed through the receiver.

"Hello Greg, sounds good sir. I will be there as soon as possible," I hesitantly replied.

"Perfect! Thanks for your time. See you soon," his voice sang as he hung up.

Shocked that Jan's statement could potentially be true, I gathered my clipboard, my confidence and proceeded to the VP's office.

The brass nameplate displayed elegantly against the solid dark furnished door, exuded superiority over all those not behind the closed door. A few repetitive knocks on the door resulted in an electronic magnetic unlocking sound and the door swung open.

"Hello Ms. Shelly, how has your day been? Come on in and make yourself comfortable," he gestured with his hand.

"Very well, thank you," I said allowing my eyes to glance over the room. The expanse of his mahogany desk took up a large portion of the room and situated right in front were two chairs. I took a seat and laid the clipboard in my lap.

Lounging in the black leather chair, he typed on the keyboard real quick and then position himself so he was staring straight at me. His black hair was neatly swept over his left ear, his jaw was set in stone which complimented his high cheek bones and his eyes were a nice hue of green and brown which pierced your soul. If I were to guess, I would have said he was Mediterranean with a slightly lighter skin tone.

"I'm sure you're curious why I called you in here. The short and sweet is this. You have everything required to be the next manager of human resources. It's not just degree's that we look for, but is definitely a deciding factor. Now, I'm fully aware Jan gave you a call and I'm fully aware what her intentions were. To squash the rumor, yes, Jan and someone above her were in a sexual relationship while here at work. Both of which have been removed and now here we sit today. I have a meeting with the other party in regard to the other job. I'm simply asking for you to take over where she left off and I think you are the perfect fit," his tone cut sharp and to the point.

"I...I don't know what to say. I'm honored at the opportunity and the offer. When would I start," I questioned.

"As a matter of fact, today if you accept the offer. Of course, you would sit down and fill out the needed paperwork, but yes you would start today," his voice softened as he lounged back into his chair.

"I'm flattered and yes, I will definitely take the job," I hysterically exclaimed.

"Great! Please head back to your desk and a receptionist will be right with you," he coyly smirked as the words playfully danced off his tongue.

Getting up from the chairs, we both proceeded to the door. Like a gentleman, he opened the door and I exited in sheer amazement. How did I get selected and why, I thought? Turning around to gaze upon the Vice President, either from the inactivity of sexual contact or the heightened euphoria of emotion brought on from the announcement, I couldn't help but realize how attractive Greg was. His square shoulders tapered to his waist resulting in a physique only a gymnast could pull off. Here he was in full business attire and still the sex appeal sent a glimmering flash between my legs. Embarrassed, I spun back around and shielded myself from the onlookers as my face turned ten shades of red.

Sitting at my desk awaiting the arrival of the receptionist, my thoughts still lingered on what Jan had said. She was never one to joke around about serious matters, so her call seemed genuine, but in the same sense, why was she trying to persuade me to not take the job when it was offered. If she was doing it in spite from something I had done previously, that would make perfect sense, but this couldn't be the case.

"Are you ready Ms. Shelly?" the quiet voice catching me off guard.

"Oh, yes I'm ready," I perked up.

"Follow me please," she demanded rather coldly.

Doing as she asked, I kept a few steps behind as my coworkers glanced up from their computer screens to see the commotion. I had no clue where I was going nor did I know exactly what paperwork would be involved. We proceeded to the elevator where she stuck a key into the key slot and pressed the two top floor simultaneously. This was new as I had no clue there was a floor eleven. I was always under the impression that this was a ten story high building with what I assumed was a basement. My inner curiosity and imagination were jumping at the thought of who's office was on the top floor. Could it be where the board of directors keep a conference room? Was there a secret society that stayed up here? My anticipation stopped my breathing and I had to force myself to take in air. My mind was racing as the door opened into a foyer with a sliding glass window and a door on the left.

"Here is where you exit. Please go to the glass and await further instructions," her cold tone sent shivers down my spine.

Exiting the elevator, I proceeded to the glass window in hopes it would hurry up and open so I could see what was next. Instead the door next to the window opened and there stood Jan.

"Hello Shelly. Come on in," her alluring voice whispered.

"Jan? What's going on? I thought you were fired?" I quizzically asked.

"Oh Shelly, don't worry. You'll find out soon enough. Come in. I have a treat for you," Her coy demeanor shifted to the side allowing me entrance to the room.

The room was small with a computer and a door at the far side. If I hadn't known better I could swear I was being admitted to the doctor. The lack of an exam table is the only thing the room would need to be perfect for a doctor office. Standing in the room, Jan took a seat at the table and punched a few keys on the board.

"Three months ago, from today, you and I sat at the salad bar enjoying lunch and discussing previous relationships. Do you remember this conversation?" her words were emotionless.

"Yes, I do," I replied.

"You specifically stated how it had been four years since you've had intercourse. Do you remember this?" her words were like knives.

"Yes, I do. Will our conversation effect my hiring?" The cautious tone quivered from my lips.

"Not at all. On the contrary, it could help. Now, can you please explain why it's been that long?" Her question was genuine.

"Really? I mean. That's an odd question for an Human Resource position don't you think?" My guard immediately went up.

"I'm serious Shelly, I need to know," her eyes glanced over to me from the computer screen.

"Fine. I'm not self-confident enough to go out in the dating pool to find someone to fuck. Look, I'm older and I'm not even close to the size of a super model. Do you really think I would have a chance with anyone?" My words were harsh as my tongue spit them out.

"You're wrong Shelly and I told you this. What if I told you, not only men, but woman too find you attractive?" her lips curled up as the deviant smile crossed her face.

"Excuse me? I'd love for you to show me those people. Like I told you then. I'm curious sure, but I killed that fantasy long ago. Sure, I'm horny and sure I could use a good fuck, but that isn't going to happen so why even broach the subject. Especially for an HR interview," I hurled the words out as my temper flared.

"Then here you go," she slid a paper over to me. "Here is your contract. In summary, you take my job. In doing so the company has the right to do as they see fit to make sure you are happy. Do you wish to sign it?" her lips flattened as the anticipation of my next words hovered in the air.

"This is the same deal you took, isn't it? You answer will determine whether I sign or not." I sat back.

"Yes, this is the same deal I took. If you want my honest opinion, you'd be a fool to not accept this offer," she leaned in as the words hissed in my ear.

"Then why call and make a fuss," I questioned.

"I had to. Just as you will when you sign this paper," she pushed the paper and pen closer.

"Fine," I made my signature as legible as possible as I signed the contract.

"Now Shelly, please enter that door," She motioned with her hand, signaling to the door.

Reaching for the door, I turned the knob as a small gust of cool air caressed my face. The room had a goldish glow from the dimly lit lamps and the only thing I could make out was what looked like a bed. As my eyes adjusted to the light, I could clearly make out the shape of a bed, two dresser drawers and a chaise lounge. Stepping out of the shadow walking in my direction was Greg. His silhouette complimented the back drop, but what took my breath, was the raging cock between his legs. My mind couldn't even process the thought he was naked before it fixated on the throbbing rod before me. The burning in my throat started as it headed south till the heat radiated between my legs. The lustful thoughts coursing through my mind knocked me back a step as I adjusted to the sight before me. From behind I felt two hands on my back as they pushed me forward into the dimly lit room. My mouth agape, Greg grabbed my hand and had me sit on the chaise lounge. His cock danced as he stood in front of me and Jan, bright eyed at his throbbing cock, squatted down on her knees and took his shaft into her hand. Looking up into his face, she slowly stroked him allowing the sensation to carry throughout his entire body.

Looking over at me, "What you didn't know, is Greg and I have been in a relationship for some time now. We have always wanted to have a third join us and it was a fantasy that this person would be from the business. The email, the charade, the façade, was all a ploy and part of our fantasy. Greg and myself are both into older larger woman and Shelly, you are the perfect match. We want you as I'm sure you want him or even us," her voice was smooth and desirable.

As soon as the words left her mouth, she turned her attention back to Greg and the monstrous cock she grasped in her hand. Opening her mouth, she engulfed his entire length and withdrew with a loud pop as he exited leaving a trail of spit from the tip of his cock to her tongue. The lust took over any thoughts I had and I allowed the desire to radiate throughout my body. I squatted down beside Jan and took Greg's cock into my hand. Wrapping my hand around his girth, I as well opened my mouth and guided his fat cock into my throat. The taste of her mouth still lingering on his throbbing cock and his testosterone seeping out of his pores, brought a flood of essence to the gate of my entrance. Enthusiastically, I swallowed every inch Greg had to offer as the flood of lust washed over me. It had been a long time since I had a cock and I wasn't about to neglect the gigantic one in front of me.

From below my squatting position, I felt a hand run over the course of my panties as Jan caressed the now wet spot from my essence leaking out. Reaching down, Greg grabbed the hem of my dress and brought it over my head exposing my tits to the cool air of the room. My nipples stood erect at the sudden flash of cool air as it brushed over them. In an instant, Jan had her mouth over my nipple as her tongue circled it and sliding my panties to the side, she buried a finger into my essence covered hole. The sensation hit me like a truck and I couldn't help, but moan around Greg's cock still in my mouth. His cock and the rhythmic thrusting of Jan's fingers were too much pleasure at once causing me to shake and gag on his cock which now made my jaw ache. 

Sliding my tongue against his shaft as I withdrew him from my mouth, he grunted a sigh of pleasure. Standing up, Jan grabbed my panties and slid them to my ankles. Stepping out of them, Greg lead me to the lounge and gently pushed me onto my back. Stepping between my outstretched legs, Greg took the tip and circled my pulsating clit. Now completely leaking, he coated his cock in my essence and grunted his cock deep inside me. The pleasure erupted from my lips and I'm sure those on the first floor heard my lustful moan. Before I could collect myself, Jan straddled my face, grabbed a handful of hair and slammed her pussy onto my mouth. 

Grinding my face like she was riding a horse, I tongued her gash as I had only fantasized about late at night with my vibrator between my legs. Greg continued pumping and grunting himself deeper as Jan rode my face in pure desire. I could feel her warm essence leak out around my mouth as she pulled me closer. Her sweet taste drove me wild and the fire building in my stomach surfaced as she used both hands to grab my head. Her orgasm rippled throughout and her legs began to shake as her climaxed came bursting out. The excitement of having made her cum on my face, with the constant grunting of Greg's cock between my legs, sent my euphoric state of ecstasy into overdrive. The orgasm exploded like a million firecrackers popping off throughout my body. My climax covered Greg's rod and leaked out around him as he pulled out. Jan jumped off my face and squatted between his legs. 

Glancing over, Jan took him into her mouth as far as she could and stroked him with ferocity. As he grabbed the top of her head and a fistful of hair, Jan pulled him out of her mouth and aiming his cock to her breast, he unloaded load after load of hot cum onto her chest. In a fit of lust, I got off the lounge and took his still throbbing cock into my mouth and swallowed what little cum was left. After cleaning him off, I moved my attention to Jan. Licking every last drop of Greg's cum off her chest, I cleaned her the best I could, before we passed out right there on the lounge in exhaustion. My job may have been finished for now, but it had just begun for us.