 Working another Saturday, were they trying to kill me? I work on a wood remanufacturing plant. We cut the bad out of the wood and finger joint it back together to make it all good. I operate the head chop saw, although it is dangerous, you just have to watch what you are doing. Today, there were only three of us working as usual, no one else wanted to work on Saturday, I can't say as I blame them. But I love running a saw, so I can't see ever stopping, but it does get boring.

My partner, Amber, my boss, Jack and I were the only one working this morning. Amber was always telling me "how sexy I am", "how good I looked", stuff like that. She always was brushing past me, reaching past me, grinding herself into me. I know she wanted me and to be quite honest, I was excited by the thought at the thought of sex with another woman. We were running the saws and Jack was sorting and stacking, down on the floor.

Amber is drop dead gorgeous, with long wavy red hair and snapping green eyes, with the most kissable lips I had ever seen. She had excited me more than once, by slowly licking those lips. Her figure was outrageous, her breasts were about a mouthful and firm, her ass was perfectly shaped for my hands, or so it seemed. Here lately she was getting more brazen, reaching past me and she pushed her tits into me and grinding her pussy against my butt. The whole time whispering in my ear;

"Baby, I want you in my mouth so bad," and "If there weren't so many people here, I'd eat you while you cut!"

I always felt such a shiver of excitement race through me when she would do that! I know she delighted in keeping me frustrated, one time I had all I could take and went into the bathroom and masturbated. I didn't have time to take my time, so I stood up in the stall, with my pants pulled down. I started caressing my breasts, stopping every now and then to tweak my nipples, they were so hard. Sliding my hand down my belly lightly, tickling on the way down, I felt my swollen clit as I moaned softly and started to rub it.

Gently and slowly at first, then harder and faster in small circles. I could feel the passion building as I frigged myself. Sliding my other hand down I shoved to fingers into my trembling wet pussy. Leaning my head back against the stall I pumped my fingers in and out of myself, while I rubbed my clit hard. Whimpering, my cum started and it was so intense that I was having a hard time not crying out! My hips bucking up to meet my fingers as I finger fucked myself hard. When I could get myself calmed down, I went back to my saw and she grabbed my hand, shoving my middle finger into her mouth, sucking it clean. Looking me straight in the eyes, she very seriously said,

"I would give a weeks pay to eat you, Baby!"

Course my face was really red being found out but I was so excited, I thought I would have to go back to the bathroom! Jack was watching us with a big smile and a hard bulge in his pants. 

That Saturday started out like the rest of them, we'd cut real fast and overload his tables. He would have to run to catch up and we'd laugh at him, just our little way of getting even for making us work on Saturday. After first break, Jack came in the break room, as we were getting ready to go back to our saws.

"Hey, you two slow down a bit, I have some paperwork I need to do okay?"

Neither of us wanted to be there so it was not a problem for us to slow down. We cut for a while, me being in my own little world; I felt Amber push up against me to turn the blower on. This time though she didn't move back, she grabbed my hips and ground herself into me. I quit cutting as my breathing quickened, pushing back against her. I was a little unsure if she really wanted me or was just teasing me again. Until, she reached up caressing my breasts from the back. I could feel her warm breath on my neck as she started kissing my neck as I leaned against her.

Turning my head around to look at her, she captured my lips in hers. I was a little unsure until I felt her tongue in my mouth. Then I didn't care, she tasted so good. While we were exploring each other's mouths, she was still caressing my breasts with one hand as the other started sliding down my belly. When I felt that, I started to resist a little for fear that we would get caught! She was breathing as hard as I was, as she leaned in to whisper in my ear.

"I seen Jack pull out of the parking lot and I want you so bad!"

"Baby, I want to fuck you so bad, that I just can't stop."

Feeling her fumbling with the button on my pants, I turned around, pulling my shirt over my head. She was licking and kissing the top part of my breasts as she unbuttoned her blouse. She wore no bra and was quickly unfastening mine; I reached out and was fondling hers. She was pushing herself into my hands as I lightly traced her breasts with the tips of my fingers, she was whimpering, while she was breathing faster and faster. Her breasts were truly magnificent, full bodied for their size and the nipples were long and hard.

Releasing my breasts to the cool air, she gasped at the size of them, then growling, pulled me to her as she lowered her head. 

"So big, so beautiful," she was muttering.

As she captured my already hard nipple, we both moaned. I was leaning against my saw; it was still running so the vibration on my ass and her delicious mouth on my nipples was heaven. I was still caressing her breasts, tweaking her nipples, while I leaned over to lick down her neck. Sliding my hand down, I unbuttoned her pants and slid my hand into her panties. She was shaved and so wet that I couldn't wait to get my fingers into her. She stood up as I found her rock hard clit, pulling me too her, she roughly covered my mouth with hers. Her hands were woven through my hair as I rubbed up and down her silky wet slit, ignoring her clit. Just touching it briefly, every so often. Her body would jerk every time I touched it; I knew she loved the teasing I was giving her. 

Dipping my finger inside her hot cunny, she was shaking so I knew it wouldn't be long before she came. Dropping my pants, I pulled her to me, making sure our clits touched. Holding her ass firmly, I began to rub my clit against hers hard. God, she felt so good as she started moving hips to match mine and holding my ass. I was almost holding her up as she tossed her head back and forth muttering unintelligible words. Still holding her hard and rubbing our clits together hard, I slipped a finger into her ass. Pumping my finger in and out of her ass, while rubbing our clits together proved to be too much, as she started squealing that she was cumming. In a hoarse deep voice, so unlike hers, she screamed out my name as wave after wave of orgasm hit her.

Drawing in a ragged breath, her head still tipped back, she looked at me in awe.

"Goddamn baby, that was the best orgasm I ever had, and now it's your turn!"

Moving around she sat down with her back against my saw and pulled me to her. I was shaking, that was the most exciting thing I had ever seen. I gasped out loud and grabbed the rail, which the conveyer ran through as she sucked my clit into her mouth. Holding my ass so she could do what she wanted with me. She was sucking my clit hard as she moaned around it and I damn sure was moaning loud. I sensed, rather than seen someone behind me, turning my head slightly I seen Jack. But I was so excited by then, job be damned. He was standing there watching Amber eat me, stroking his hard cock, he moaned every time I did as she kept licking and drinking all the juices I had flowing. Still holding the rail, I was shaking as I started pumping her face.

"Please Baby, Don't Stop! Eat Me Hard!" I begged almost sobbing.

Jack raised my leg over the wood backstop, I thought so Amber could have better access. She was eating me so good as I felt Jack's throbbing hard cock slide into my soaking wet cunt. God, he was huge and he felt so good inside me as he started to pump my pussy hard as Amber was licking us both and sucking on my clit. I knew I was not going to last much longer. I had Amber on the floor in front of me eating me like a starving woman and Jack's massive cock inside me as he wrapped his arms around me to caress my breast.

I could not take anymore as I exploded into orgasm; Jack was slamming in and out of me like a piston. Both of us hollering and Amber eating us both as hard and fast as she could. I could feel Jack shooting his load of hot cum into me. All three of us spent, Amber still sitting, Jack and I standing there, all of us shaking. Amber was the first to move, she was the one with sawdust on her butt. Standing in front of me, she gently cupped my face in her hands as we tenderly looked at each other. Bringing her lips to mine she kissed me deeply as Jack held us both. Releasing me, Amber was smiling as Jack took me in his arms. When he was through kissing me, he kissed Amber as I caressed their backs, slowly dipping my finger into the crack of Jack's ass, he jerked.

But the smile he gave me and the twitching in his cock, I knew he liked it!

"Hey boss?" Amber said with a giggle, "I would have even done that for straight time!"

"I went to the store, girls and bought us a beer, didn't realize how bad we were going to need it!" Jack said with a chuckle.

We all headed to the break room on very shaky legs.