 MORE ROGET AND NEIGHBORS

This story is a sequel to my earlier story at Literotica, "Roget" (Erotic Coupling), which told of an afternoon of erotic bliss with my neighbor, storyteller Roget. Here I have returned for more fun with Roget and our neighbors. Although this story is pure fantasy, I am most grateful to Roget for trying out some of the positions and sensations described herein, and to Jack_the_13th for his comments on the story. I'd love to hear my reader's reactions, too.

*****

I had left Roget a few days ago sprawled naked on the carpet of his living room, exhausted but with his beautiful cock standing as erect as the Washington Monument after I had licked off the residue of our cum juices one last time. We had both cum several times in an orgy of sexual gratification. Since then I had returned to my studies at the university, where I am writing my doctoral thesis in classics. It is a work that focuses on overt sexual expressionism in Greek and Roman sculpture and literature and I sometimes get horny working on it. My husband is gone again on an extended business trip, and he's impotent anyway, but I didn't want to make myself too much of a pest with Roget, lest he lose interest in me. I had seen him a couple of times working with his laptop on his front porch, next door to my house. We had waved, but it had gone no further than that.

Late this afternoon, however, I noticed he had gone down to the hot tub which we all share on the patio around which our four little bungalows front. I decided it was time to "renew" our acquaintance, so I slipped into my bikini and trotted down to join him in the bubbly, warm water. I do look pretty sexy in a bikini, if I do say so myself. It shows off my long, slender legs and round, firm little ass, and my slim waist below my ample breasts. I'm not self-conscious and don't mind showing off what can only be described as a beautiful body. I've noticed the bulges in male swimming shorts when I show up in my bikini.

I was pretty sure, as I slid into the big, round tub, that I had already had that effect on Roget as he eyed me walking across the patio. I couldn't really see for sure that he had an erection under his shorts, for the bubbles made it difficult to see, but he had the look on his face of a man with a stiff, hard cock.

"Hi, Roget," I smiled.

"Hi, Cinnamon, I've missed you," he replied.

"I've missed you, too, Roget, but I haven't wanted to bother you or interrupt your writing. You write so beautifully," I added as I stretched my legs out in the spa and ran my toes along his leg.

"Well," he answered, "I enjoyed our last session so much that I've written a story about it."

"Oh, I can't wait to read that," I giggled. "It was a lot of fun, wasn't it?" I moved closer to him and let my hand roam into his lap a bit until I satisfied myself that he did indeed have a hard erection. He responded to that touch by putting his arm around my shoulders so his fingers could find the nipple of my left breast which he pinched and kneaded, causing a delicious surge to ripple through my whole body. I could feel the juices in my cunt running as I wrapped my fingers around his long shaft and gave it an appreciative squeeze. His mouth found mine and our tongues played with each other as we French kissed for a long time while our respective fingers fondled my tits and his cock. 

"We should do it again sometime," I begged.

"Sometime very soon," he said.

"Like right now?" I said, but at that moment, two newcomers arrived at the spa.

We had been so engrossed with each other that we had failed to notice their approach. It was Bob, the CPA who lived across the patio from me. I hardly knew him and had never been this close to him before, since he lived alone over there and seemed not to be around very much. But here he was coming into the spa with a girl in a one-piece bathing suit who looked to be about my age (25). She had a good body (not as good as mine, I'm quick to tell you) and abundant blonde hair. Bob was sort of a skinny guy with a Marine Corps style crew cut. Roget introduced me, and Bob said that the girl was Charlotte, a friend of his from Kentucky. 

We made some small talk about how nice the warm water was and how relaxing it was to sit in the hot tub, but Roget and I were eager to retire to more private quarters, so we quickly excused ourselves and left the tub. As we left, however, Roget invited Bob and Charlotte to come up to his place later on for a drink. They thanked him and said they might be along later.

I teased Roget as we walked up the path toward his bungalow. "Are you looking for company?"

"Oh, you know, I was just being polite. They probably won't come."

"Well, the more the merrier, they say," I prattled facetiously as we hopped up his porch stairs and into his bungalow.

We both knew why we were there and I was hornier than ever. We wasted no time with formalities as we both stripped out of our wet bathing gear and tossed it into the bathroom as we headed for Roget's bedroom. Roget's cock had lost none of its ardor and stuck straight out in front of him as he headed for the bed. We were eager for each other and tumbled onto the bed excited to be touching each other again. I wanted his big, long cock in my cunt, but I also wanted to prolong the pleasure and wanted to feel his tongue blazing my pussy into a cauldron of lust. So I pulled his head down between my legs and said, "Eat me, Roget, until I cum." At the same time my left hand closed around his cock while my right hand cupped and caressed his tight sack of balls. He let out a deep moan as my mouth closed over his purple cockhead. My tongue swirled around it as my fingers jerked the soft outer skin over his steel hard shaft, and I could feel his tongue swathing over my whole pussy and then diving between my labia and into my fuck hole.

"Oh YES!" I screamed, as he tongue fucked my cunt and ran his fingers all over my ass, pinching and scratching and driving me into a frenzy of desire as I sucked his cock and pulled it deeper and deeper into my throat.

Our first cum would not take long at this rate, and I had no will to slow it down. I could feel his long cock throb as his cream surged up the shaft and into my willing mouth. I let him cum into me fully. Spurt after spurt flowed down my throat like warm, raw oysters as I squeezed gently on his balls to maximize his orgasm. My own was on the way now. As he began to tickle my clit with his tongue, sucking it between his teeth and then whipping it with the tip of his tongue, I exploded in waves of ecstasy, feeling my juices squirt and flow, releasing my pent up horniness and desire in a massive orgasm.

I rolled off him and lay back on the bed next to him. He changed positions, bringing his face up to mine and kissing me hard, his hands cradling my head with tenderness. I could taste the wonderful, sweet juice of my cunt in his mouth and I pushed my tongue deep into his to enjoy it.

"That was good!" he whispered.

"Yeah," I whispered back, still out of breath. I knew, too, that we were not finished. I wanted more. I knew he did, too. But there was no hurry. I felt temporarily satisfied now. This was a time for a brief rest, just enjoying his warm body next to mine, skin to skin. 

We were dozing off when suddenly a sharp knock on the door shattered our sweet afterglow. We had not even closed the front door as we had come in. There was just the screen door and now a voice called out, "Hello, its Bob and Charlotte. Anyone home?" It sounded like they had opened the screen door and were already in the living room.

"Just a minute," Roget shouted and scrambled up, grabbing an oversize tee shirt that he threw over his head. It came down almost to his knees as he headed for the living room. I had nothing at all there except my wet bikini in the bathroom, but I noticed Roget's closet and quickly grabbed one of his dress shirts hanging there. I slipped it on, buttoning a few of the buttons and followed him into the living room, probably looking like I had just given him a fabulous blow job.

Charlotte spoke up first, saying with a big grin, "Hope we didn't interrupt anything."

Roget answered without thinking, I think. "Oh no, we were just having a little sex, you know." I blushed, but Charlotte just grinned again. Bob appeared slightly embarrassed, but said nothing. "How about that drink," Roget said. "I'm certainly ready for one."

Charlotte spoke up brightly, noticing the tequila on the bar, and asked for a Margarita. Bob said a Bourbon and soda would be fine, and I asked Roget to mix me a gin tonic. He headed for the bar, leaving me to entertain our guests.

"Sit down, please" I said, waving to the sofa and armchairs. Bob and Charlotte had changed since the spa and were both wearing preppie shorts, tee shirts, and sandals. The tee shirt showed off Charlotte's large breasts well and you could see her nipples clearly poking through the shirt. She obviously wore no bra. Bob and Charlotte sat alongside each other on the sofa and I plopped down in one of the armchairs, curling my legs under me, which exposed a lot of leg, but concealed the fact that I had nothing on under Roget's dress shirt.

"So, Bob," I began, "I hardly ever see you. I guess you travel a lot." 

Bob looked up and seemed relieved to be able to say something. "Oh, me, yes, I do, I work for an accounting firm that has clients all over the country so I have to go to them."

Charlotte spoke up then. "Yes, that's how he met me up in Louisville." She went on to talk about how they met and how he had invited her down for a long weekend now. I wondered how intimate they were, and guessed from her tee shirt that she wasn't hiding much from him and that they probably were fucking. After rambling on about herself for awhile, Charlotte asked me if Roget and I were married or what.

"Oh no, Charlotte," I answered quickly. I'm just the next door neighbor." Then I added a bit cattily, "Just like Bob here." But I was finding myself attracted to this big-titted blonde as I ran my eyes up and down her body and wondered if her pussy was shaved, blonde, or something else. I wasn't at all sure why I cared, but just then Roget arrived with the drinks on a tray along with some chips and he put them down on the coffee table before us.

I took a long pull on my gin tonic. It was smooth and lemony and it slid down my throat easily. I looked at Bob and said, "My husband travels a lot, too, in his business. But its nice to have Roget around to look after me, if you know what I mean." I smiled seductively at him. I'm good at that.

Bob sipped his Bourbon and smiled slightly. "Yes, of course," he said uncomfortably, but I noticed a bulge rising under his shorts.

Roget chimed in unexpectedly, "Yeah, this is a real cozy neighborhood, Charlotte, we all get along lovely here."

We chatted some more. It was a warm evening and the drinks went down quickly. Roget mixed another round. Charlotte, especially, was getting a little giddy as she went to bar to help Roget mix a third round. I noticed Roget grazing his hand across her butt as they moved toward the bar. I stood up and moved to the couch, taking Charlotte's seat. I was not very careful as I sat down next to Bob and I think he got a peek at my pussy. At least his face turned a little pink. I just leaned over and whispered in his ear, "I like to get to know all my neighbors better, don't you, Bobby."

"Oh, sure, Cinnamon, by all means." He giggled a bit, but didn't seem to mind my getting close to him. Out of the corner of my eye I noticed at the bar that Roget had his arm around Charlotte and was tweaking one of her nipples and she actually had her hand under his tee shirt and appeared to have hold of his long, beautiful cock, which was pushing out the shirt. Instead of being jealous it just made me want to get Bob going. I decided to break whatever ice was left, and slipped quickly out of my shirt, leaving me naked. Bob noticed what was going on at the bar and apparently that removed any inhibitions he may have had, for he certainly did not resist when I brought my face to his and pressed my mouth against his lips, opening my mouth wide and pushing my tongue into his mouth. He reciprocated and our tongues actively engaged each other, while my hand pulled his belt buckle open, ripped opened the top of his shorts and unzipped his fly. I could feel his hard tool under his knit jockeys and I grabbed hold for a moment to let him know what I wanted.

"Get these shorts off and let me see what you've got there, hot stuff." Bob obeyed without hesitation and was quickly left with nothing but his tee shirt. His cock stood hard and stiff, but was no match for Roget's magnificent eight-inch spike. If Bob's measured six inches I'd be surprised, but I held on to it and jerked the cock up and down as I continued to kiss his mouth, feeling his tongue poking in and out like a stiff little penis. I finally slid my wet mouth away from his face and went down on his cock, sucking and swirling my tongue around its head as I continued to hold it at the base and jerk it up and down. My fingers caressed his balls and he began to moan loudly with obvious pleasure. He leaned back on the couch now and rocked his pelvis upward, fucking my mouth with his stiff cock, while his fingers found my nipples and began to tweak them. 

My pussy was oozing juice now, demanding attention and I could deny it no longer. I stopped sucking Bob's cock and grabbed his head, pulling it down to my pussy. "Eat me!" I demanded and pushed my wet cunt up into his face. I slapped his cock a few times and watched it fall over and spring back up and get a little bigger each time I slapped it. Then I kept stroking it as his tongue licked me from my anus to my clit, giving me a joyous feeling. "Oh YES, YES. DON'T STOP, BOB," I screamed and pulled harder on his cock.

About then I noticed that Charlotte and Roget had disappeared from the bar area. From the bedroom, however, I could hear Charlotte moaning loudly and screaming for Roget not to stop. Then just at that moment Bob came. I felt his warm cream on my hand and wrist. He leaned back in relief and stopped licking my pussy. I hadn't cum yet, but accepted the moment and was, anyway, curious about what was going on in the bedroom. I sprang up and grabbed Bob by his now limp dick and dragged him into the bedroom. There, Charlotte was spread out naked on the bed with Roget on top of her, her legs wrapped around his torso and his ass bobbing up and down as he fucked her, in long strokes with his cock coming almost out of her pussy and then ramming all the way back in. His balls were bobbing around, slapping Charlotte in the ass, and I found the whole scene terrifically erotic. I crawled up on the bed behind them on my knees and knelt down and began to lick Roget's balls, sometimes sucking them into my mouth. He moaned loudly with approval. He slowed his pace a little, now moving his magnificent long cock in and out of Charlotte's pussy so that I could even get my tongue onto his shaft sometimes when it was on the way out.

My own ass was sticking up in the air at the edge of the bed, and I still had Bob by his cock, which was now stiffening nicely again. "Fuck me, Bob," I shouted as I let go of his cock. "Doggie fuck me, right now, Fuck me good." 

His little cock slid easily into my twat from behind and he began pumping. It felt good and as the orgasm that had slipped away from me a moment ago began to return I licked Roget's balls with more and more enthusiasm until suddenly he stopped his rocking and I could feel that he was cumming into Charlotte just as waves of ecstasy swept over me as my cunt exploded with juices and muscular contractions. Bob kept pumping me and almost immediately I could feel his cock throb as he shot his cum toward my womb.

Roget rolled off Charlotte onto his back next to her, leaving her legs open before my mouth. Her cunt was shaved closely and was oozing juice and cream. It looked too good to ignore, so I dragged my tongue across it then began to explore it more deeply. Her sweet juice and Roget's salty cum tasted sexy and began to make me hot again. I licked her more rapidly and pulled her labia apart with my fingers and plunged my tongue deeply into her cunt and then up to her swollen clit, which I sucked into my mouth. Her hands caressed my head gently as she reveled in the pleasure I was giving her pussy. She pushed her hips upward to me demanding more and more as she approached another orgasm. When it came she screamed loudly with joy and told me how wonderful I was and what a wonderful tongue I had and how her cunt had never felt so good and how she was in love with me forever. The thought crossed my mind that I would feel her tongue in my cunt soon. 

I looked over at Roget still lying on the bed. His was now erect once more, for Bob had come around and was kneeling on the bed next to me and licking Roget's beautiful cock from balls to tip. I couldn't resist it either, so I joined in licking it with Bob, sometimes our tongues touching as we coursed up and down that beautiful eight-inch red spike. I knew I wasn't going to be truly satisfied tonight until it penetrated my cunt deeply again. 

I couldn't wait! I got up from my kneeling position and straddled Roget with my back toward him, facing toward Bob, and then lowered my pussy down over Roget's engorged penis. "Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh," I shuddered as I felt it plow up into me. It felt so great as it slid hard and fast up into my thirsting pussy. Gawd, YES. This was heaven! Bob continued to lick at Roget's balls and shaft and around my pussy as I bobbed up and down on the long cock. Then Bob stood up on the bed, with his own stiff little cock pointing in my face. I reached out and curled my fingers around his ass and pulled his cock into my mouth and began sucking it in the same rhythm that I bobbed up and down on Roget's cock. I wanted to make them both cum together and inject their salty cream into me at the same time. 

Now Charlotte had gotten up and straddled Roget the opposite way, pushing her cunt into his face. I could feel her sweaty back against mine as I continued to fuck Roget's cock. I could imagine Roget's wonderful tongue penetrating Charlotte's cunt and bringing her off once again.

I was really hot now. We were bobbing and shaking and fucking on that big king-sized bed. My fingers probed Bob's ass and I inserted a finger from one hand into his anus while with the other found his balls and squeezed gently as my mouth increased the speed of my sucking on his little cock. I could feel myself building to another orgasm soon now, but I knew that Roget, who was nearly 50, would be slow cumming a third time. But I could no longer control myself as I bobbed up and down harder and harder, feeling his wonderfully deep penetration, each stroke sending ripples of pleasure throughout my whole body. 

When it happened it was the most wonderful orgasm I have ever had in my life. We all came together. I could feel Roget's magnificent cock shooting its load in spurts up into me just as I exploded with wave after wave of squirting juices and contractions of my cunt walls. And Bob's cock exploded too, as his cum flowed down my throat into my stomach. From the screams behind me, Charlotte was cumming, too. And it went on and on. Oh Gawd it was great!

We all just sort of collapsed in a heap on the bed after that. Charlotte and I fell over together on one side of the bed, our faces close and I ran my fingers over her face and though her hair. She brought her own fingers to my mouth and slid one in and then another – fucking my mouth with her fingers. It felt gentle and good. I noticed that Bob was licking Charlotte's ass gently. Only Roget seemed to be out of it now. His flaccid cock lay glistening limply alongside his thigh. His eyes were closed and he seemed to be asleep. I wanted to lick him all over like I had last week, but at the moment I just lay there and sucked on Charlotte's fingers. My mind was slowly building up to more sex, for I was really high on sex now and had a passion to just keep it up all night until we couldn't cum anymore.
