 After weeks of Natalie and I taking turns sucking and fucking each other off, we decided that it was time in insert some cock into our fun and games. Not that we were bored of each other, quite the opposite in fact. We would still sneak off to the office bathroom and stroke each other's pussies through our satin panties until they were soaked with our wetness. The thought of Natalie's panties dripping with her pussy juice as she typed away at her desk filled my mind with devious thoughts and by the time we got back to my place the sex was so good that we both came over and over again. But the idea of Natalie's super tight cunt filled with cock and cum was something that I couldn't get out of my mind.

Lucky for me, she felt the same way.

Coming up with the idea was easy, finding the cock we would treat to our tasty deserts was another story. Neither of us would let the other fuck some douchebag. But it didn't take long for us to find a worthy fuck toy.

Like every office, we have an office cunt. Her name is Diane and she one of those bitches who would rather put everyone else down than do a good job herself. That morning I had overheard her talking about how she had a date that night with John, the tall, dark and handsome sales rep that every girl in the office lusted after. When I told Natalie about it, we both smiled. We would get satisfied many ways that night - fucking over the office bitch and giving John's cock a treat he would never forget.

When he came into the office that afternoon, I watched as Diane flirted with him like a little high school slut. As John made the rounds of the office, my eyes were drawn to the front of his pants. He made his way to the bathroom and it was time for me to make our plans for the night.

Timing it just right, I was at the drinking fountain when John came out of the bathroom. "Can I borrow you for a sec?" I asked coyly. 

Leading him quickly around the corner, I made sure the hall was empty and then pulled him into the supply closet. He fumbled a bit so I put my hand over his mouth. "Shhh," I whispered. Pulling a note from my cleavage that I'd jotted down just for him, I put my hand to his chest. Sliding it down the front of his shirt to his waist, I tucked it into the front of his pants. "If you know what's good for you," I smirked.

~ XXX ~

That night after work, Natalie and I broke from our routine of taking turns sliding our tongues into one another's pink. Sipping on a drink, I could see that the anticipation was killing her. "Are you sure he will come?" she asked. "Yes. And yes," I replied. She giggled.

To kill the time as we waited for our fuck toy to arrive, I asked Natalie what her deepest fantasies were. Her dirty little mind made it easy to come up with a devious little plan for John and was right on the money with the note I'd given him earlier. 

Then promptly at 7 o'clock, there was a knock at the door.

John stood there in the same suit he'd worn to work. He tried to speak but I interrupted. "You read the note obviously." He nodded. "Then shut the fuck up." 

Natalie gave me a shocked look but John didn't utter a word. "Why don't you go to the bedroom Nat. I'll be there in a second. Oh, and be naked." 

I smiled. Her not knowing how this night would go made my pussy tingle.

Once Natalie left, I led John by the hand to the living room. I walked to the kitchen and could feel his eyes working up my legs and to my ass as it rocked back and forth. Grabbing a chair from the kitchen table and setting it in the middle of the room, I commanded him to sit.

I stood in front of him and began unbuttoning my blouse, revealing my black bra and heaving cleavage.

"Now John," I began. "If you break one of my rules, I'm sending you right out that door. Do you understand?" He nodded. 

Unzipping the back of my dress, I pulled it down over my hips and stood there before him in just my bra, panties and nylons. Putting a foot on his knee, I slowly rolled one of my nylons down my tan leg and over my painted toes. Moving behind our seated sex toy, I pulled his arms back and tied his wrists together with my nylons. "Not one word," I whispered in his ear.

I new that the anticipation of what was going on in the living room was driving Natalie crazy so I moved quickly. Unhooking my bra, I took it off and covered John's eyes with it. "Be right back," I teased, pulling off my other nylon and dropping it next to the chair.

Making my way to the bedroom, Natalie was pacing the room, her naked figure pacing back and forth. We'd fucked each other every way possible and still the sight of her body got my pussy wet. I left the door wide open.

"So what's up?" she asked. "Just lay down please," I replied in the softest and most sensual voice I could muster.

Natalie rolled onto my white sheets. Her full breasts falling a bit to the side and her pink nipples anticipating what would come next. Sliding up and along her body, my tits caressed her legs. Stealing soft kisses up her inner thigh, my mouth moved up towards her tight pussy. Teasing her with my mouth, I kissed all around her outer lips. Her head tilted back and she moaned. 

"What about John?" she asked.

"Fuck John," was all I needed to reply.

Taking one long lick up her pussy lips, I savored Natalie's scent. Pushing my lips against her, I began French kissing her cunt. My tongue moved inside of her and she moaned again. 

"Yeah, fuck John," she whispered. 

With slow licks and soft kisses, I pushed hard against Natalie's dripping wetness. I loved how wet her pussy got from oral sex and wanted nothing more than to suck out all of her juices. Kissing her harder and spreading her outer labia with my fingers, I drove my tongue inside of her then went to work massaging her clit. Her moaning became louder and louder. I thought of poor John, tied up in the chair, his cock throbbing and hard, listening to me devour Natalie. 

I knew his underwear and suit pants would be soaked with pre-cum. The thought drove me wild, fucking Natalie with my mouth until she erupted in an orgasm that had her toes curling and inner thighs squeezing the breathe out of me.

~ XXX ~

Leading Natalie by the hand into the living room, John didn't disappoint me. His eyes were still covered by my bra and a wet spot spread across the front of his pants. 

"Looks like our boy could use some relief," I laughed. I had so many naughty things running through my mind about what to do with John, but Natalie caught me by surprise.

"Turn around," she commanded me. Her voice was forceful, like I'd never heard it before. I had no choice but to turn my back to her. The next thing I knew, she had picked up my nylon from the floor and secured my wrists with it. "Now sit." She pushed me towards the couch and I fell onto it then righted myself, sitting on my hands.

I barely recognized Natalie. Yes, she still had the same long hair that fell down to her soft and round tits. She still had those dimples above her ass that made fucking her doggystyle with a strap on such a pleasure. She even had the same pussy juices from just moments before running down the inside of her thigh. But the look in her eyes was different.

Without a word, she dropped to her knees in front of John and unzipped his pants. Sliding her hand inside, she pulled out his glistening cock. She could barely fit her small hand around his shaft, her fingertips barely touching. He was long and hard and throbbed between her fingers. His cock curved up, every so slightly and I could feel it pushing against that spot inside me that made me cum quickly.

It was the most perfect piece of meat I'd ever seen and in and instant, it disappeared in Natalie's mouth. The way she sucked him off was something I had never seen before. Her full lips slide down the entire shaft, covering him with her saliva and as she pulled away a line of it spread from his cock head to her

pouty lips. 

"This as hard as you can get?" she demanded. John just whimpered, following my instructions to a T. She held the base of his shaft and slapped her face with his cock. "How you gonna fuck her with this little cock?" I could not believe that this was Natalie! And if that cock was small I'd like to see the men she's fucked!

Putting her lips around his cockhead, she worked in shallow strokes, keeping her mouth tight around him. Her hand pumped up and down on his shaft and then in an instant, she took him all the way down. Bobbing her head with his huge cock inside her throat, she fucked him with her face and would not stop. Her spit was everywhere, sliding from her chin, dripping down his balls. It was the most ferocious cock sucking I'd ever seen. I had no idea how John was holding out from painting the inside of her throat with cum and just as he tilted his head back, Natalie stopped. 

"You're not allowed to cum until I say so," she commanded. Taking John's soaking wet cock in one hand she slammed it against his leg and stood up then looked me dead in the eye. "Neither are you." ]

My pussy juices ran like a river.

~ XXX ~

After untying John, Natalie led him by the cock over to the couch. My bra had fallen a bit from his face and his eyes were like nothing I'd ever seen. I could tell that all he wanted to do was shoot a load of hot cum across the room. Once over to me, Natalie let go of his dripping wet dick long enough to pull me

onto the arm of the couch and spread my legs wide open. Pulling my panties to the side with one hand and grabbing John's shaft once again, she led his cockhead into me. He was huge. Even with both of us soaking wet, I could still feel him stretching my pussy lips. He throbbed inside of me and I cried out.

The poor guy hadn't even had a chance to take his suit pants off and they were soaked through. I couldn't imagine what my pussy juices would do to them, if Natalie even let me cum. 

John just stood there, his dick pulsing inside of me. He looked at me like he had no idea what to do and I could only return the same look. Natalie walked away from us, her tight little ass teasing. Picking up my drink, she finished it on one gulp and taking an ice cube in her mouth.

Walking back over to us and standing next to me so that her pussy was right beside my face, she bent down and began working her mouth over my nipple. The sensation was too much and my hips pushed into John, taking the full length of him inside of me. I cried out in pleasure mixed with pain. Taking the ice cube from her mouth, Natalie looked at me. "You want him to fuck you?"

"Uh huh," was the only sound I could make.

"You want that big, hard cock soaking with my saliva to split your cunt wide open?" she asked again. I bit my lip and nodded.

"You gonna let him fuck you like a dirty little whore and abuse that cunt?"

"Yes. Please!" I begged.

She looked at John. "Fuck her."

What happened next was a blur. In an instant John grabbed my hips and drove his dick hard and fast inside of me. I swear I started cumming right then and there but I can't be sure. Natalie stood over me, one leg up on the couch and two fingers furiously working inside of her pussy. Each time John pushed all the way into me, my entire body shuddered. My nipples were hard, still cold from the ice. Natalie's

tits shook as she began to rub her clit. John grunted like an animal. I moaned and squealed. My nails dug into the couch. My toes curled. John's cock grew inside of me until I felt like I was going to be ripped apart.

I remember hearing Natalie say "cum" and my body exploded. John pulled out from inside of me and shot rope after rope of warm cum all over me. He covered my face, my tits, my stomach and my trembling legs. Natalie tilted her head back and gushed. Her pussy squirting its sticky sweetness all over my face. My entire body tingled. From my curled toes, up along my cum covered legs and deep into my throbbing cunt.

I was half conscious but could feel Natalie's mouth moving over me. She licked John's cum from my nipples, then from the rest of my breasts. Moving down my stomach and along my legs, she removed every trace of his cumshot from me. Then kissing and licking up my inner thigh, she made her way to my pussy. Pulling my panties once again to the side, she sucked on my pussy and moved her tongue

between my still pulsating lips. She was on a mission to taste every last drop of John's cum from my body.

As I rolled over onto the couch, I passed out. I'm not sure if I was dreaming or not, but I remember hearing John and Natalie fucking and her abusing him with her naughty mouth and mind. John, the good fuck toy that he was, never said a word.