 This is the second part of the Rollercoaster Hookup series. Let me know what you think. Your comments will help shape my future stories and are much appreciated. Thanks!

----------------------------------------

My head was still in a fog. Did I really just do that? Did I hit my head on a support piece for a roller coaster? There's no way the most beautiful girl I've ever seen just stuck her hand in my pants and jerked me off on a roller coaster. There's no way she let me shove my fingers up her pussy. There's no way nobody didn't see us!

I had taken a rather long walk after that amazing ride, still looking for my mystery girl. I walked around the park about three times before sitting down with a bottle of water. I kept replaying the whole incident in my head. I couldn't believe how fast she had disappeared. I didn't even get to ask her name. 

I sat there on that bench drinking my water for about five minutes when I looked to my left and saw a gorgeous tanned ass bouncing inside a tight blue thong. It was my mystery girl, walking all by herself down the Midway. I immediately jumped up as she disappeared behind a tree. I got to the tree, looked around and saw no blue-bikini body. I stood there, leaning on the tree for about half a minute when I felt two hands come over my eyes.

"Guess who," she said softly into my ear in the most seductive voice she could muster. 

"I don't know, you never told me your name," I responded, grabbing her arm and twirling her in front of me. She began giggling and I leaned in and planted my lips on hers.

She began moaning a little but made no effort to remove her lips from mine. After a solid five minutes of making out in the middle of the park, she pulled away and took my hand. She brought me over to a nearby bench. We sat down and our lips met again. This time, our hands were more active. I pulled her close to me with one hand, and I rested the other on her perky breast. I could feel her hard nipple poking through her bikini again. She rested one hand on my crotch again. 

We quickly realized that people were walking by us and saw everything we were doing, as we weren't on a speeding roller coaster. I broke contact with her and took her by the hand. Without saying a word, I brought her to the family bathroom. We casually walked in and locked the door. Without even turning on the light, I felt hands again undoing the drawstring on my trunks. I reached out to find her chest but she had disappeared. Suddenly, the lights turned on, and there stood the most gorgeous woman I've ever seen, with no top on. She dropped to her knees and crawled closer to me, holding her skimpy bikini top in her mouth. When she got to my feet, she looked up at me with her gorgeous blue eyes. I guided her up and held her in my arms. 

As she stood up, she removed my shirt and ran her fingers lightly through my chest hair. She then took her bikini out of her mouth and wrapped it behind my head, holding the ends in her hands. She tugged gently, sending my face into her bosoms. I loved the feel of her soft flesh against my face. I moved my face to her nipple and began rolling it between my lips and gently sucking it. Her hands had begun to wander and they found their way to my waistband, dropping my trunks to the floor. My cock sprang forward, and was soon entangled in her fingers. She tugged on my cock for a few minutes before I tugged down her thong. Both naked, I grabbed her hips and flipped her upside down, planting her pussy on my face and my cock bouncing off her lips. She opened her mouth and took my entire cock in her mouth. I stuck my tongue deep into her wet slit, pressing my lips against her clit and humming. I could hear her moan every time she took a breath. Her mouth felt even better than her hand did earlier. 

Suddenly, she let my cock fall from her lips and her hands flew to her breasts, caressing and pinching her nipples. She began wriggling and arching her back. I could feel her pussy squeezing my tongue. She came so hard I almost dropped her. I flipped her back over and carried her to the sink. I propped her ass on the sink and positioned my purple-headed cock at the entrance to her womanhood. Instead of going straight for the prize, I rubbed the head of my cock against her clit. She responded with a loud moan. I did this several more times before I decided I couldn't wait any longer. I placed my cock at her entrance again and was about to push in, when her phone started ringing. 

I couldn't believe it; she pushed me back, jumped off the sink, and ran to her purse and grabbed her phone. I couldn't help but grab my dick as I watched her ass bounce. It was her friend on the phone.

"I'm in the bathroom right now, where are you?" I heard her ask her friend. She had accidentally switched to speakerphone, so I could hear both sides of the conversation.

"I've been looking all over for you! Where did you disappear to this time?" Her friend sounded genuinely worried.

"I'm in the bathroom over by the lockers. You have the map, why don't you come meet me over here?" 

"OK, I'll be there in five minutes." 

The conversation ended there, and my mystery girl bent over and picked up her thong. She put it on while wiggling her ass at me. I was still rock hard. She picked up her bikini top and tied it behind her back. She picked up her purse and went to the sink. 

I was afraid she was about to leave, so I went to find my trunks. 

"Oh, what do you think you're doing?" She asked me, as I stepped into my trunks.

"I thought you were going to go meet your friend?" I replied, with a confused look on my face. 

"I am. And you are too. And you too," she said, as she bent over and gave the head of my penis a very wet kiss.

" I need you to stay here, just the way you are. I'll be back in just a second. Stand behind the door and wait for me." I began to see what she had in mind. She watched me walk over behind the door, turned off the light, and walked out. I stood in the dark bathroom with my cock in my hand for about a minute, before I heard a knock on the door. I began to panic, and couldn't answer. 

The door opened and a hand reached in and turned on the light. A girl in a pink swimsuit, wrapped in a green towel walked in. My heart began to race as I realized I was standing in a private bathroom holding my hard cock with another stranger. Just then, another girl walked in. I breathed a sigh of relief as I realized it was my mystery girl. She closed and locked the door, but didn't even acknowledge my presence. She went straight for the strange girl and gave her a deep, passionate kiss on the lips. 

I couldn't believe what I was seeing! Before I knew it, there were two bras, two thongs, and a towel on the floor. They were taking turns eating each other on the toilet. I was standing in the corner, still unknown to the new girl. 

While my mystery girl was eating the new girl's pussy, she turned around and motioned for me to come over there, but quietly. I made no sound as I drifted across the floor. She instructed me to get on my knees. I did. She got up and walked to where I had just been standing. I proceeded to eat the second most gorgeous pussy I've ever seen. 

After about ten minutes, I turned around to see my mystery girl lying on her back in the corner and rubbing her pussy hard. The second girl was in such bliss that she had not yet noticed the change we had made, or that I was even in the room. I heard the moaning from both sides of me become louder and longer. They were both orgasming at the same time. 

As the new girl's orgasm subsided, she reached down and grabbed my cheeks, guiding me up to her face. She kissed me on the lips, then felt my beard tickling her chin. She opened her eyes and gasped when she realized I wasn't her girlfriend. To my surprise, however, she didn't panic or try to leave. She picked herself off the toilet and told me to sit down. She got on her knees and invited her girlfriend over. They each put a hand on my cock and began to rub simultaneously. I was in absolute heaven. They took turns putting me in their mouths, all the while rubbing the other's pussy. This was by far the hottest thing I had ever experienced. 

Just as my balls began to tighten, they stopped. My mystery girl took a step back and helped her friend stand. She then turned her around and guided her onto my fuck stick. Oh my god was her pussy tight. I knew that between that intense blowjob and this incredibly tight pussy, I wasn't going to last long. To my surprise, she kept bouncing on my lap for the next ten minutes, until her whole body began shaking. As her orgasm subsided, my mystery girl removed my cock from her pussy and started sucking her friend's juices off my cock. That put me over the edge, and I pumped my load into her mouth. She sucked me dry. I was so spent and I could tell they both were too. We sat there naked on the floor for another few minutes cuddling and making out before the girls got up, put on their bathing suits, and disappeared into the crowd.