 Ruth's Obsession

Ruth Whipple couldn't help thinking about her nephew, Ron's, cock. Ron was her favorite nephew and he was staying in her basement while attending the local community college. She and her husband, Dave were letting him do this at the request of her sister, Ron's mother. Ruth had the impression Ron wanted to attend the community college because he had fallen for some girl. Ruth quickly found out it wasn't just one girl. A seeming endless succession of women, all beautiful, showed up with Ron.

Part of the requirement for Ron to stay with them was that he clean up the basement "rec room" that had become a cluttered junk storage space. Four buxom beauties, who turned out to be Hooter's waitresses, had showed up to help with the cleaning. At some point in the work the women had shed their tops and bras, Ruth wasn't sure they had even worn bras. When they were done cleaning they all gotten into the hot tub naked. Ruth wasn't sure how it happened, she had just gone along with the girls' encouragement, but she and Dave ended up naked in the tub too. Ron and her son, David Jr., were also naked. That's when she saw his big cock. One of the girls made him stand up to show it off.

That night her husband had fucked her like she'd never remembered being fucked before. But still she couldn't get her mind off Ron. She wanted to hold the meat in her hand, completely grasping it and not being limited to the tip. But mostly, she wanted to feel it inside her. Given the number of good looking women who disappeared into Ron's basement bedroom with him, and that they all returned for more, she was sure that his tool pleased them.

School had started, so during the day her husband was at work and Matthew, her son (15), and Kimberly, her daughter (12), were at school. That meant there were times when Ron was home alone. Her job as a Realtor allowed her plenty of free time. She would stop by home just to see whether Ron was there. Sometimes she'd peek out back and see him alone in the hot tub. Other times he'd be in the hot tub with one or another beauty or the basement door would be closed, which usually meant he had a girl with him. 

A Slip of the Tongue

Once when the basement door was open she crept downstairs. He was there and noticed her immediately when she peeked into the room. "Hi, Aunt Ruth," he had said joyfully, looking up from a book. "Did you want something?"

She was embarrassed at being caught even though Ron didn't seem to notice anything unusual. She had no idea what to say. Just blurting out, "Would you fuck me?" didn't seem appropriate even if it was the truth of the situation. She couldn't think of anything that she could easily segue into asking him to fuck her so she replied, "Just wondering if everything is okay?"

"It sure is, Aunt Ruth. This place is great! Thanks so much for letting me stay with you."

Ruth had an idea and broached another subject. "I can't help but notice that you have a lot of girls down here."

Ron thought maybe she was concerned about his cousins. When she denied that he thought maybe she was telling him he had too many women.

Ruth denied that was a problem and asked, "How do you do it?" One thing about Ron was that despite being almost 20 he still looked like he was only 13 or 14.

"I don't know for sure." He hesitated because he did have very good idea of what they liked. He admitted, "I think it's because they like having sex with me."

Ruth went right to her point, "Maybe it's that big cock." She had made up her mind beforehand and so didn't hesitate, putting her hand at his crotch.

"Aunt Ruth!" He jumped back at her touch.

"Oh, Ron, I've thought about it ever since the day in the hot tub. Can I see it again?" She felt like a very young girl and was sure she sounded like it.

"Aunt Ruth?!" There was a lot of uncertainty in his voice. "I don't know." But then her hand was inside his pants and his hand went to her crotch and then ...

"Aunt Ruth? Aunt Ruth?"

"Oh, sorry Ronald. I was distracted. Your comment about them liking sex ..."

"I didn't say that, Aunt Ruth, What are you talking about?"

Ruth reddened. She realized that she had fantasized the whole action. It had seemed real. Now she felt dizzy. "What were we talking about?" she asked.

Are you okay, Aunt Ruth?" Ron was worried.

She saw his worried look. "I think so, let me compose myself. What were we talking about?"

"You sure you're okay?"

"I think so, I just got distracted and was a little disoriented. What were we talking about?"

"We were talking about all the girls I have visiting. You said you were curious about why they liked me."

"And you answered?"

"I said I don't know."

"That's it? Just that you don't know?"

"That's all, Aunt Ruth. Are you sure you're okay?"

She hesitated, so he hadn't said it was because they liked the sex, she hadn't grabbed his cock. What a relief! But he looked concerned. She needed to tell him something. "Honestly, Ron ..." She hesitated. Why had she started that way? Honestly what? Honestly I want you to fuck me? Honestly it does bother me because I want some of the action? Honestly because, "you have a big cock." ...

"What?" Ron interrupted the pause.

"Honestly, you have a big cock" the phrase had slipped right out, not a fantasy this time. It hung in the air between them. Ruth turned bright red and covered her mouth with her hands wishing she could stuff the words back inside.

Ron was puzzled, and embarrassed for his Aunt but it mostly struck his funny bone. He suppressed the loud laughter inside, letting out a chuckle. "That's okay, Aunt Ruth, I do have a big cock. I know it."

"Oh, God, Ron, I'm sorry. I should leave." She started to get up.

He took her hand to hold her back. He felt like the adult and she seemed almost like a young girl. "That's okay. Something's on your mind, the girls I have over and, now, my big penis. What is it?"

"You remember the time in the hot tub? After you and some girls cleaned the basement."

"Hard to forget." Ron laughed, "You jerked off Uncle Dave and spattered one of the girls with his cum. You may have scarred David for life." He was referring to Dave, Jr, his cousin.

"That's not what I keep thinking about. You really think we scarred Davey?"

"David's fine, just joking. He was really surprised, no, shocked, by your behavior. What do you think about?" She made a glance and he knew, "Ooohh. Big penis."

She nodded.

"I see. So you want ...?"

She nodded again.

"not a good idea."

"I agree; it's not."

"And what would Uncle Dave think. I'd be outta here in a heartbeat."

"Your uncle wouldn't need to know."

"He might find out. Bad idea!"

Ruth got up and turned toward the door. The she stopped and turned back to Ron. What if your uncle agrees?"

"BAD IDEA, Aunt Ruth, BAD IDEA!"

She took a step to leave and turned again, "But what if? Would you?"

"Bad idea, Aunt Ruth," Ron said softly.

Ruth walked out, turning at the threshold to give Ron a wink and throw a kiss. "What if?" she said and ducked out before Ron could reply.

The Totally Cracked Idea

Ron thought about how Ruth looked naked in the hot tub. A reasonably good figure with a bit of a belly paunch and wrinkled skin. Her breasts sagged slightly. She was okay but not like the only other woman of that age he had seen nude. Marlene Malone had a tight body with smooth skin and large breasts that didn't have any noticeable sag. He didn't know if it was genes, diet, exercise or some combination of the three but the thought of Marlene excited him. He wasn't sure he could even get it up for his aunt.

Thinking of Marlene reminded him of her husband, Jerry, and ... He stood and went upstairs.

After she left the basement, Ruth collapsed on the couch. That had been embarrassing. Once she started talking about it she hadn't been able to help herself. "I acted like a pre-teen schoolgirl with a crush," she thought and wondered if she could face her nephew again. She hid her face in her hands.

"Aunt Ruth," Ron was standing there in front of her.

She took her hands from her face and looked at him. "Ronnie, I acted like such a fool. Really, can we forget about it? I'm sorry."

"Hey, it's okay, Aunt Ruth. You know, back in high school I used to just stare at the girls and wish I had the nerve to ask them out. But here girls hear the rumors about my cock and some of them approach me. I'm getting kind of used to it. Never thought older women might have the same reaction."

"Really, Ronnie, it was totally inappropriate for me to talk to you about it."

"It's fine Aunt Ruth, really. But it isn't a good idea."

"I know."

"Anyway, Aunt Ruth, you made me think and I have a suggestion."

"Oh?"

Ron told her about Marlene and Jerry Malone and how they were swingers. "His cock is bigger than mine. I bet they'd be willing to do a swap with you and Uncle Dave."

"How do you know about this?"

Ron remembered that his cousin didn't want his parents to know about the sex party they had held so he fumbled around mentally for an answer, "Their daughter, Sarah, is a friend of Sally's," he said, hoping they knew Sally who had apparently been a frequent sex partner for his cousin.

"Oh, Sally." she said making it obvious she knew the girl. "She told you Sarah's parents are swingers and her father has a big penis?"

Ron was in full rapid thinking mode. The first answer was obvious, "When Sally saw my penis she said it reminded her of Sarah's father's."

"And Sally knows how big her friend's father's penis is?"

The question actually being asked was how does she know. At first Ron was taken aback but then realized the truth would suffice, "She has had sex with him." Then, for good measure he threw in, "That's how the subject of them being swingers came up. I guess both Sarah and Sally have been to swingers club meeting."

Ron breathed a sigh as that apparently satisfied his Aunt who replied, "Oh! Interesting, but don't sound like my kind of people."

"Maybe not. But if you wanted I could get you their number and you could well ..., satisfy your desire for a big penis. And Uncle Dave ... well, Sarah's mom is supposed to be a looker."

"And why do you say that?"

Ron had the answer at hand, "Both she and Sarah are stripper's at a nude place. I don't think a stripper would be ugly." Neither Ron nor Ruth had any experience at strip clubs to know that statement was not necessarily accurate.

Ruth dismissed the thought but her unconscious had a different idea. The concept of getting with the swinger couple gnawed at her.

Ruth Uses Vaginal Persuasion

That evening, Dave Whipple got into bed and immediately felt Ruth's hand slip into his pajama bottoms to grasp his manhood. An unspoken signal to express her desire. He turned to her, one hand massaged a breast, the other gently stroked at her crotch. She spread her thighs and wiggled her hip in encouragement. His fingers slid inside her wet and willing vagina. She wrapped her hand around his cock and stroked more vigorously. She kissed him and tugged his hard penis to her crotch. His penis slid in easily as she raised her hips to increase the penetration.

"Remember that afternoon in the hot tub," she whispered.

Dave remembered several times in the hot tub. "Which one?" he began thrusting slowly in and out of her warm, wetness.

"That's nice, keep doing that," she encouraged. "With those girls from Hooters with Ron and Davey."

The thought of the voluptuous, naked women made him increase his rhythm, "Hard to forget that."

"I keep thinking about it."

"Oh?"

"Especially Ron's big penis."

"Really?" he stopped in mid stroke, not sure what to make of that.

"I bet you think of those Hooters girls sometimes."

That seemed like a loaded question. One of those where honesty might not be the best answer. He pretended it wasn't a question, she hadn't said it like one. Or maybe it was intended to be rhetorical. In reply he drove hard into her and resumed slowly fucking.

"I talked to Ron about it today."

Again that stopped him. Before replying he drove his cock fully into her. "About what?"

"About that night. I told him I wanted his cock."

Dave wiggled his hips, keeping himself embedded to the hilt. "You told him what?"

"That I wanted his cock."

He rolled off her, "You didn't!"

She was disappointed. She had encouraged the sex, hoping it would make the discussion easier. She wanted him enjoying himself during it. Now she was wondering how to get him back into action. "Don't stop, my sweet." She quickly pushed her head under the covers and began sucking at his cock to keep it hard. The problem was that is was hard to talk like that. She pulled the covers off and took her mouth away briefly to say, "It just slipped out."

Ruth had always been great at blow jobs but didn't do it often. His eyes were rolled back and he was thrusting his hips up to fill her mouth. He could barely think to answer, gasping out, "How did he, Uuuuuu! ... react."

She decided he was back in the mood and pushed him onto his back so she could impale herself on his hard cock while continuing the conversation. She began riding and told him, "He was surprised but then was so nice about it. He told me, 'no,' in the gentlest way."

"I've always liked that boy." he responded while thrusting up into her as she came down on him.

"Then he told me about a couple he knows about. They are swingers."

"Swingers?" She was riding harder and harder.

"Yeah, they swap spouses."

"Why would he tell you that?" He decided she had been on top long enough and flipped the two of them over without missing a beat.

She laughed at his action and began moaning with his vigorous thrusting, "Oh! Oh! He, Oh! said that, Oh! Oh! the guy ... Had, Oh! a big penis."

He gritted his teeth and asked, "How would he know that? For that matter how would he know a wife swapping couple." He felt himself only a few strokes away from climax.

Ruth started to reply, "Remember ..." And he erupted with his usual groan, driving himself into her several times before rolling off to her side. "Remember Sally?" she completed before cleaning his cock with her mouth.

He relaxed, panting heavily, "David's friend. Skinny, big nose, frizzy hair?"

"That's her," Ruth had finished her work on his shrinking cock and now lay next to him, encouraging his arm to embrace her. She's a friend of the swingers daughter."

"Kind of a funny thing to find out from some friend of David's."

"I was curious about that too. You do know that Davey and this Sally have been having sex for some time?"

"We talked about that," he reminded her.

She hadn't needed to be reminded, it was just an introduction. "Anyway while we were away, David invited her over. And, well, as they were, you know, doing it, Sally mentioned that her friend's dad had a big cock. Anyway that led to her saying they were swingers."

"Why would Ron tell you this?"

"He said that maybe," she hesitated, here was where she was really uncertain of her husband's reaction. "Well, maybe, if we got with them, I might be satisfied with the other guy's big cock ..."

"What? you want to fuck this other guy? That sounds like a cracked up idea! You want me to fuck some bitch so you can have a big cock? Mine isn't enough?"

"Ron says she's a stripper, probably good looking."

"A cracked idea! Totally cracked!"

"Maybe it is but since Ron mentioned it, it's kind of stuck in my mind."

"I take back what I said about liking that boy. He and all his women in and out all the time."

"Jealous are you?" Ruth smiled and began stroking his penis. "I can tell you're already intrigued, just like I was. Think about it." She lowered her mouth to his cock and brought him off for the second time that night.

Dave Takes the First Step

At work the next day, Dave kept thinking about the hot tub and the Hooters girls. There was no doubt that his son and Ron had fucked all four of them after. His cock hardened with jealousy and desire. Then there was the swingers couple offer. He had been to strip clubs enough to know that just because the woman was stripper didn't guarantee that she was good looking. But still ... It wasn't that Ruth didn't satisfy him, last night had been great, most nights when she was in the mood were and she was in the mood frequently enough. He thought he could maybe go to the strip club and check this stripper out, if he knew which club and which of the strippers she was. "And how do you approach a swinger couple?" he wondered. Just call and ask, "How about me and my wife fuck you and your wife?" He doubted that was the way to do it.

He called his nephew and Ron willingly told him the name of the strip club and told him the lady danced under the name Valkyrie and that her daughter, Sarah, also danced there, under the name Astrid. "Strange family," he thought and decided to go by at lunch time.

The club was kind of a dump, dirt parking lot, nondescript building and so dark inside it was hard to tell how dirty it was. The only elaborate and well maintained part of the place seemed to be the huge "NUDE GIRLS" sign visible from over a mile on the freeway.

Inside he asked a very attractive young blonde about Valkyrie. The blonde responded with a smile, "She's in the back with another customer. Maybe I can help you." She led him to a plush seat and sat close to him. To his surprise she told him, "I'm Astrid, Valkyrie's daughter."

"Is there something you want from Valkyrie, lap dance, topless, VIP dance?" she brushed her hand against his crotch, stiffening his cock.

"VIP?" he asked.

"Sure, if that's what you'd like. Valkyrie and I do a mother-daughter VIP experience you won't forget." This time she gently squeezed his erection.

"No, I mean, what's a VIP dance?"

"Oh, I'm sorry. Since you asked for my mom, I assumed you knew. VIP dances are her specialty, if you know what I mean." She had begun stroking him through the fabric of his slacks. "My specialty too. VIP is in the rooms in the back," she pointed to a door under a red neon "VIP" sign. I'm fully nude and dance for you. Just you and me." She emphasized by gently squeezing his balls. "Maybe a bit more." She smiled at him.

By coincidence, another blond, seemingly a twin of the attractive young woman, came out of the door under the VIP sign. "There she is." The young women stood and waved her twin to the table. As she came closer, Dave saw that she was older but still a striking woman with the same voluptuous figure as her daughter.

"I'm sorry, I didn't get your name," Astrid asked as the older woman sat on his other side, her hip snug against his.

"Dave."

"Mom, Dave was asking for you."

"Is that so, Dave? I'm sorry but I don't think I've seen you in here before."

"I haven't been here before."

"Heard about me from a friend?"

"No, my nephew."

"A nephew. That's a new one, don't you think, Astrid?"

Astrid responded, smiling at him, "Very few nephews recommend us to to their uncles."

"So what did your nephew recommend, Dave?" she kissed him on the cheek and her hand replaced her daughter's at his cock. "Did he mention our mother-daughter specials?"

"He actually mentioned your husband to my wife."

Marlene (aka Valkyrie) was taken aback. "I'm sure what my husband does with your wife is his affair, not mine."

"No, no, it's not like that. My nephew, Ron, said you were swingers."

Astrid, interrupted, "Ron, Ron Lindstrom?"

"Yes,that's my nephew."

"Mom you remember Ron? God, what a great fuck!" David's look of astonishment made her attempt to backtrack, "Oh, sorry Mr. Lindstrom, didn't mean to offend. Your nephew is good in bed."

"My name is Whipple, but no offense. I know he must have something, he seems to have the women lined up."
