 This tale is a continuation of 'Rescuing Rhonda'. It will make a little more sense if you've read that one first.

The sudden chime of the doorbell startled them, and they stared at each other. The doorbell rang again and Rhonda frowned. "Better pull out, baby. I'll see who it is and get rid of them. You just keep that lovely cock warm, or even better, get him nice and hard again, ready for seconds." Jerry pulled back, glancing down. His prick was wet with their mixed fluids. Rhonda swung her leg over his head, giving him a momentary glance of pussy, open slightly, wet, reddened, before she stood and reached for a robe hanging on the door. She blew him a kiss. "Back soon, baby, don't go anywhere."

Rhonda went out and down the stairs to the hallway, to check on who was calling and Jerry heard her open the door. There was surprise in her voice when she greeted whoever was there, and pleasure, too. Jerry couldn't make out what was being said, but the conversation continued after the door had closed. He was idly stroking his prick, feeling it hardening at the anticipation of fucking Rhonda again, when he became aware of Rhonda in the doorway, a smile on her face. Her quick glance took in his hardening prick and her smile broadened. She turned and beckoned to someone in the hallway, and a figure appeared beside Rhonda. A slim brunette, pretty, a little younger than Rhonda, round glasses perched on her nose and a startled expression on her face, an expression which mutated into pleasure when she saw Jerry's almost erect prick.

Rhonda grinned at him. "Jerry, this is Cheryl, who you wondered about. Cheryl, this is Jerry Carr. He lives next door. He rescued me from a drunken trucker earlier, when you didn't turn up." She grinned again. "I've been rewarding him."

Cheryl's cheeks were pink, but she smiled brightly. "Hi, Jerry."

"Um, hi, Cheryl. Rhonda, what's the idea?"

"Simple," said Rhonda, discarding her gown, and moving over to rejoin him on the bed, kissing him fiercely. "I thought we might invite Cheryl to join us in a threesome. What d'you say?"

Cheryl and Jerry stared at each other for a moment, then Cheryl's eyes went to Jerry's almost erect prick. "Yes, please," she said, as she began to undress.

Jerry stared as Cheryl wriggled out of her dress. Pastel-pink bra, nicely-filled, very nicely, matching panties, no hose in the summer heat. Her hands went behind her and she grinned as she caught his eye, loosening the bra, letting it slide down her arms and to the floor. She took a deep breath and threw her shoulders back, arching herself, then giggled, bending to push off her panties. Shaved pussy, cleft clearly visible. She stepped out of her panties, kicked off her shoes and walked over to the bed.

Rhonda grinned up at her and Cheryl bent to kiss her, a sizzling kiss which Jerry later swore had actually scorched him. At last the women broke apart and Cheryl turned to him.

"We don't always have a man around. It's sometimes so useful to be bi-sexual."

Jerry gulped and tried to swallow the lump in his throat. "I'm sure it is," he said, flushing, embarrassed, as his voice broke on a squeak. 

Cheryl came around the bed to his side, tits bouncing, nipples erect. "Move over a little," she said, "let me on." Jerry wriggled back, his hip against a warm Rhonda, and Cheryl stretched out next to him. She reached out and pulled his head down, offering her lips for his kiss, a kiss which started off friendly and quickly turned to an invitation to lust. As they broke the kiss, Cheryl's lips quirked in a smile at the stunned expression on his face.

"Nice kiss, Jerry. Thanks."

"You're welcome," he managed to say, hissing his breath in as Cheryl's fingers wrapped around his prick, making it feel even harder than it had been.

"Mmm, nice," she said. She looked past him at Rhonda. "How are we going to do this?" she said.

Rhonda flashed a grin at Jerry as he turned to her. She winked. "I've just had Jerry, and I'm still tingling, so why don't you let him fuck you? Okay with that, Jerry?"

He swallowed. "Um, yeah, of course, I mean, if that's what you both want."

"Jerry?" said Cheryl, "do you like to fuck doggy-style?"

He stared at her, then laughed. "I have no idea," he said. "I've only fucked twice, and both times it was straightforward, man-on-top."

"Are you thinking what I hope you're thinking, Cheryl?" said Rhonda.

Cheryl grinned. "You mean, me eating you, while Jerry fucks me?"

"That's the one," said Rhonda, her tone dry.

"Of course," said Cheryl. "Okay with you, Jerry? You fuck me, doggy-style, while I taste this lovely lady's pussy-juice?"

He nodded, mute, excited.

"Assume the position," said Cheryl, a happy grin on her face. Rhonda grinned back and moved up to lean against the bed headboard, spreading her legs, her sex flushed and slightly open. Cheryl touched Jerry's arm. "You'll have to move out of the way for a moment."

"Oops. Of course," he said, wriggling out of the way, rigid prick bouncing. He turned as Cheryl positioned herself between Rhonda's legs. She dipped her head and her tongue flickered out to spear into Rhonda's pussy. Cheryl looked back over her shoulder at Jerry.

"I'm in range of my target, so you'd better see about hitting yours."

Bemused, Jerry knelt on the bed behind Cheryl, admiring the smooth, rounded globes of her ass, her sex showing, visibly moist. He took hold of his prick and lined it up, and as he pushed forward, Cheryl reached back between her legs and guided him in. She was wet, she was hot and again Jerry marvelled at the sensation of female pussy clasping at his prick as he moved into her. His hands were on Cheryl's hips and she pushed back at him as he moved deep inside her sex.

"Shit!" she gasped. "That feels good, Jerry, really good! Jeez, I'm not surprised you were smiling when you opened the door, Rhonda."

"It will take a week to get the grin off my face," said Rhonda, winking at Jerry over Cheryl's head. "You can make it wider by eating me, and eating me now."

"At once, mistress," said Cheryl, and her head went down again. Rhonda hissed in her breath and Jerry began to move, pushing forward into Cheryl's pussy, pulling back and then pushing forward again, his hands on her hips, fascinated by the novelty of the situation, wondering if he would ever dare tell anyone about it, and if he did, whether they'd believe him! He looked up at Rhonda, her eyes closed and an expression of anticipation on her face as Cheryl's tongue busied itself in her juices. As Jerry fucked Cheryl he could feel her getting wetter, until his prick was sliding easily and audibly in her juices.

Rhonda gasped and Jerry's gaze flashed to her face, seeing her mouth open in pleasure, eyes still squinted shut, sweat dewing her forehead. Cheryl's head was bobbing as she gave Rhonda's pussy the benefit of her obviously talented, and welcome, tongue. As she hungrily ate Rhonda, Cheryl moved her hand back to her hip and took Jerry's hand. She squeezed his fingers and pulled his hand forward and under her, to her breast, pressing it against her. Never one to miss a cue so obvious, he squeezed her breast, his touch gentle, enjoying the soft weight of its fullness in his hand, feeling the nipple erect against his palm. He caressed her breast for a while, then moved his hand to the other one, bringing a murmur of approval from Cheryl.

Rhonda was gasping now, close to her climax, Cheryl's talented tongue working busily in her juices. As Jerry watched, Rhonda began to moan, wordless, low, hoarse, gasping in time almost with Jerry's thrusts. He was moving faster himself now, on the slow rise to climax, and he felt Cheryl's fingers as they began to work on her clit, adding her own stimulation to that of Jerry's prick. Rhonda's gasps had solidified into a constant moan, a rising tone which peaked suddenly as Rhonda screamed and Jerry could see her shuddering as her climax took her, shaking her, a rictus tightening her mouth as the spasms passed through her. Cheryl's head came up as she let her tongue slide through Rhonda's juices and she turned to look at Jerry over her shoulder.

"Are you close, Jerry? Because I am!"

"Very," he gasped, the incredible tension that presages climax building in him, a tension that peaked, released, exploded as he felt Cheryl shudder in her own climax, her pussy squeezing down on him in the contractions of her coming, milking him, his seed pulsing deep within her as his hips thrust in spasmed reflex, driving his prick deep into Cheryl's soaking depths, shuddering with her as climax rocked them all.

Slowly, slowly, the three came down from their highs. Jerry dragged in a deep breath as Cheryl pushed back against him. Rhonda eased herself aside and Cheryl almost fell forward to lie beside her friend, Jerry still buried inside her. There was no sound save that of three sets of lungs trying to get enough oxygen, until Cheryl looked back over her shoulder at Jerry.

"You're a little heavy, sweetheart," she said. "Think you could ease out?"

He bent forward and kissed her cheek, then eased himself out of her, his still mostly-hard prick covered in a gleaming mix of jizz and pussy-juices. He sat back on his heels and Cheryl rolled lithely over, laying back beside Rhonda. She smiled up at him.

"Thanks, Jerry. I think my smile is going to be matching Rhonda's for a while."

"I'm sure it will," said Rhonda. "Can you stay, sweetie? Jerry's spending the night with me. You can, too."

Cheryl made a face. "Can't, I'm afraid. I have an out-of-town meeting in the morning. I need to get home and get things sorted out. That's if my car will get me home. I'm getting a ride to the meeting, from one of the other girls." She gave a humourless chuckle. "My car's the reason I never got to the Roadhouse."

"Where is your car?" said Rhonda.

"At the moment, parked outside."

"What time is it?" said Rhonda.

"Just after eleven-thirty," said Jerry.

"As I see it, there are two alternatives, maybe. Jerry and I could take you home in my car, or you take your own and we'll follow, make sure you do get home," said Rhonda

"I could get a cab," said Cheryl.

"You could, but you're only ten minutes away, so you won't be depriving me and Jerry from too much sack time." Rhonda grinned at Jerry. "Okay with you?"

He nodded. "Yeah, no problem. I could have a look at your car in the morning, if you like," he said to Cheryl. "See if it's anything obvious."

"You know about cars?" said Cheryl.

"A little." Jerry shrugged. "We built a sort of hot-rod in high school engineering class. I think I did most of the engine work."

"I'd be grateful if you would," said Cheryl. "Very grateful," she added with a wink for Jerry. He grinned.

"I think we could all do with a shower," said Rhonda.

"Or a quick swim, maybe," said Cheryl. "I'll need to shower in the morning, anyway, and I'd welcome a few laps of the pool before I go home."

"You two can, if you like," said Rhonda, "but I think I'll have a shower. Jerry?"

"Shower, I think."

Cheryl grinned. "Okay, shower it is. Big enough for three, Rhonda?"

"I think so. Let's find out."

It was, just, and Jerry enjoyed himself as Rhonda and Cheryl engaged in giggling competition to see who could get his prick cleanest while he busied himself washing their breasts and pussies. It was almost midnight when they dried each other. Cheryl dressed while Rhonda pulled on a pair of jogging pants and sweatshirt over her nakedness, and Jerry trotted downstairs to find his own clothes. He was just fastening his sneakers when Rhonda and Cheryl came down.

"Slight change of plan, Jerry," said Rhonda. "Do you mind driving Cheryl home while I fix us some late supper? I don't know if it's the sex or the swimming, but suddenly I'm starving."

"I don't mind, of course not. If you'll let me have the keys, I'll be getting the car out."

Five minutes later, he pulled the car off Rhonda's driveway, following Cheryl's directions. It was a quiet drive, but the quiet was restful, not anxious, and ten minutes later he pulled up in front of Cheryl's apartment block.

"Thanks, Jerry," she said. "I won't ask you in." She grinned, then sobered. "I won't try to offend Rhonda, either, but if you need a fuck-buddy sometime, call me. I wouldn't mind feeling that lovely weapon of yours inside me again."

"Um," Jerry began, but she put her finger over his lips. 

"You don't need to say anything, I just wanted you to know that I'm available for emergencies. Until I get a full-time guy of my own, anyway."

"Thanks, I guess," said Jerry. He chuckled. "I'm certainly not averse to the idea of fucking you again, anything but, in fact."

"Good," said Cheryl. She reached over and drew his head towards her, her lips coming up to meet his. The kiss was long, hot, a promise, before she broke it and stepped out of the car. "Goodnight, Jerry, and thanks for the fuck."

"Goodnight, Cheryl, and thank you, too." He watched until she'd let herself into the apartment block, turning to wave, and then turned the car to drive back to Rhonda's. He put the car straight back into the garage and let himself into the house. Rhonda was curled up on the couch in the living-room.

"Hi, Jerry. Cheryl safe home okay?"

"Yep, sure is."

"She invite you to come fuck her sometime?" Rhonda arched her eyebrows in amused query.

"Um, yes, she did," Jerry said awkwardly, feeling himself flush.

"Take her up on it. She's a fun person, and a good friend."

He was startled. "You wouldn't mind?"

Rhonda laughed. "Why would I mind? Let's be realistic, Jerry. You're coming up to nineteen, and I'm a thirty-three years old divorcee with two kids. Do you see us having a future, apart from the 'I ain't getting any sex, help me out' kind of thing?"

"When you put it like that, no, I guess I don't. Is the all night offer still open? Please say yes."

"Fuck, yes! You're not getting out of here until we've fucked again." Rhonda frowned. "You want to stay, don't you?"

"To use your own words, Rhonda, fuck, yes!"

"Well, to keep your strength up, there's a sandwich in the kitchen for you, and a beer. Get them and join me, won't you?"

The sandwich was big enough to fill the void which seemed to have suddenly opened in Jerry's stomach, and the beer welcome to wash it down. He took a bite and a swallow, and went back to Rhonda. She'd switched off all of the lamps except for a table lamp in the corner, casting a warm glow across the couch, and she was naked again, her sweats discarded in the corner.

"Get naked, Jerry, and we'll fuck down here, if you like."

"I like, you know I like."

"I guessed. After all, you are a teenage male." She watched as he put his sandwich and beer down on a coffee table and quickly shucked his clothes. His prick was half-hard again and she smiled when she saw it.

When Jerry sat down beside her, Rhonda leaned against him, but she gave him plenty of room to finish his sandwich and beer. When he'd finished, she took his plate and empty bottle and put them on the floor at the end of the couch. "I'll get those later," she said, leaning up against him again, but this time lifting his hand to her breast. She twisted round and kissed his chin, then relaxed against him. He let his fingers play with her breast, gently tweaking her nipple, then slid his other hand around her to cup her other breast.

"Ever been eaten, Jerry?" said Rhonda, breaking the comfortable silence, her hand playing idly with his stiffening prick.

"As in blowjob?"

Rhonda laughed. "Yes, as in blowjob. Well, have you?"

"Um, no," said Jerry, his prick giving an extra lurch towards full erection under Rhonda's gentle caress. "Are you offering?"

"Yes, I am. I like to feel a nice hard prick in my mouth, knowing it could come any second."

"Wouldn't it feel nicer in your pussy?"

"Of course, but if I blow you, and then you eat me, maybe after that we can fuck. That way I get the best of both worlds."

"And I get some more education," said Jerry, squeezing Rhonda's breasts.

"Which you can use for your future girl friend's pleasure," said Rhonda, twisting to kiss him again.

"There is that, true."

"It won't be long, Jerry, I'm sure, before you have a girl friend."

"No rush, Rhonda, I'm happy where I am at the moment."

Rhonda chuckled. "It won't last, Jerry, love, so make the most of it. I'm enjoying this, but when the kids are home again it will be impossible."

"I know. I'm enjoying it, too, you know."

"I should think so, else I'd be worried that I'd lost my touch."

"Your touch is magic."

"Thank you, sweetie. Yours isn't bad, either." She sat up, breaking gently from his embrace. "Blow time!"

"How?" he began, but she put her finger on his lips.

"Slouch down on the couch with your ass at the edge, and spread your legs," said Rhonda. "I'll kneel between them and we're all set."

"Sounds like a plan," said Jerry, letting himself slide down on the couch, spreading his legs, feeling Rhonda's hot breath on his prick and balls as she knelt between his legs. Her tongue came out and she ran the point of it delicately the full length of him, from scrotum to glans. His prick twitched as Rhonda's tongue flicked over the glans.

"Sensitive, honey?" she asked, her voice low, throaty, warm.

"Yeah, you could say that," Jerry breathed, drawing his breath in on a hiss as Rhonda's full lips closed over the end of his prick, an 'O' of pleasure moving down, wet, warm, her tongue moving as her head went down. A gag reflex hit her and she lifted her head, letting him slide from her mouth with a wet 'pop'.

"Out of practice," she murmured.

"Felt good to me," Jerry managed to say.

"It'll feel even better once I remember my technique," she said. Her lips closed over him again, and again he felt the wet warmth of her lips sliding down the length of him. This time she angled her head a little differently and to his shock, he felt his prick enter her throat and her chin came to rest on his balls. Startled, he stared at her as her head came back up. She grinned as she let him slip from her mouth again. "Success! Deep throat is still in my repertoire." 

Jerry stared at her. "That was fantastic!"

"Thanks, but for everyday cock sucking, I won't need to take you so deep." Rhonda grinned again. "Your nerve endings are mostly around the head of your prick, and mine on my lips and tongue, so that's what we'll use." She bent her head and her lips closed over Jerry's prick again. He closed his eyes and abandoned himself to the sensations as her head bobbed up and down, her tongue weaving lazy patterns on the underside of his prick as she moved.

Despite having fucked both Rhonda and Cheryl earlier, he felt the slow beginnings of the climb towards climax as Rhonda's busy mouth worked on his erection. Her mouth was hot, wet, and she was obviously enjoying what she was doing. He stroked her head as she moved, his fingers playing with her hair. He had a sudden inspiration and leaned forward, sliding his hands underneath her, cupping her breasts as she sucked at him. A low, appreciative moan told him he was doing the right thing, her nipples hard against his palms.

Rhonda's head bobbed as she sucked at him, her lips a tight 'O' around his hardness, her breasts soft and heavy in his hands. The sensations were building in him, her body warm against his legs, her mouth wet, exciting, stimulating him to even greater hardness. The sensations built as Rhonda kept her busy mouth working, building, building, bringing him closer, ever closer, to climax. Somehow, he knew he had to warn her and he managed to get some air into his tortured lungs.

"Rhonda," he gasped, "I'm going to come!" If anything, her mouth got busier and it was only moments later that Jerry felt the gut-wrenching almost-agony of climax as his seed erupted into Rhonda's greedy mouth. He felt her throat working as she swallowed and her tongue busied itself lapping around the crown of his prick. Long moments later she let his softening prick slide from her mouth and sat back on her heels, a smile playing at the corners of her mouth.
