 Continuing Extracts from Journal of David Whipple

Thursday

Well, It's official. Ron is staying here. My parents are letting him use the basement room. It's a great space with a semi-private entrance through the back door. When we first moved here I was only 6 but I remember that the room was supposed to be a rec room. It quickly turned into a storage room as my mom refurnished the house and put the old furniture down there. It has a hide-a-bed, a recliner and some small tables all set up to use but most of the room is just a jumble of furniture, old toys, appliances. I'm pretty sure there's an entire bedroom set, maybe two down there for Ron to use if he can extract it. There's also a walk in closet that's almost impossible to get into. Thankfully he can get into the bathroom. His parents bought him sheets, blanket, comforter to use with the hide-a-bed. He can have a real bed if he can locate it among the junk.

He and I spent some time today hauling junk out to the backyard where my father is going to get a junk company to haul it away when Ron is finished cleaning it out. We did free up a dresser for his clothes and make a path to the closet. Of course the closet is unusable because of the stuff inside. Like all my and my brother and sister's old Halloween costumes, most of which are falling apart and crumbling into dust. There's my ancient Sponge-Bob costume glued together from sponge mattress pads and my sister's blue frozen princess outfit from a couple of years ago that are still in good shape. Also there's a huge quantity of Thomas Tank Engine track and rolling stock once my brother's obsession. My parents claim it had been mine too.

Friday

My parents went to take Ron's folks to the airport and Ron and I went to Hooter's hoping to meet Eva. Well, very certain, since he called her and she told him when her shift was. She talked with us briefly between serving other customers. Ron told her he was staying and about the basement. Somehow he got her to agree to help with the cleaning. She said she'd see if she could get some other help.

Saturday

Eva and three other Hooters girls (Cecilia, Iris, and Karla) showed up at the house and asked for Ron. My father answered the door and watched in astonishment as Ron and I went downstairs with them to work on the basement. Every one of them was stunning and wearing an outfit that was more revealing than the Hooter's uniform. The other three weren't as well built as Eva (not many women are) but they all had the Hooters "hooters", narrow waists, wide (but not too wide) hips and a tight butt that wiggled enticingly as they walked. Cecilia had this white blouse that was tied, rather than buttoned in front with no bra. A dark hint of aureoles showed through and hard nipples made tiny mounds in the fabric. All of them had tight shorts. Eva and Cecilia were showing a bit of cameltoe. My dad followed us down to help too. I kinda think my mom wasn't too happy about that.

It was amazing how quickly we got through the junk. The women were really good at separating the dreck to be trashed from stuff we could give away to Goodwill or Salvation Army. They even identified a few things they thought we should sell on-line. In the process, Cecilia's blouse came untied and she totally ignored the "wardrobe malfunction", allowing it to flap at her sides. At some point the blouse was laying on the couch along with the other girl's blouses. Ron and me and my dad also took off our shirts. It was hot.

Eva and Iris still wore bras but Cecilia and Karla were completely topless when my mom brought down some iced tea and offered lemonade as well. She said nothing and acted as if everything was completely normal. Of course she had to have seen the topless women as they were taking trash up. She glanced at my dad as she went upstairs and he followed her but returned a few minutes later.

We all relaxed a bit to drink the tea. Karla took out an ice cube, sucked it clean and rubbed it over her body to cool down. She had these big, dark aureoles and as she rubbed the ice cube on them, they contracted and her nipples hardened and enlarged. I wanted to feel but resisted. I could tell my dad was as interested in them as I was. Eva said something like, "God, that looks refreshing," and got her own ice cube after removing her bra.

Iris and Eva followed suit, so now they were all topless. My dad also grabbed a cube and used it on his forehead and neck. Then he stood up and went behind Iris who was sitting in a chair next to his. He moved her hair to the side and applied the cube to the back of her neck. She said something about how good it felt. I expected my dad to feel her up but he never touched anything other than the back of her neck and between her shoulders. The other girls asked him to do it for them too and he obliged. Never touching anything other than their necks and upper back. Ron and I just watched. I could see my dad's cock bulging in his shorts.

We finished the tea and got back to work. I watched Eva take a remaining piece of ice she had and push it under her waist band. I'm pretty sure she pushed it up her vagina and left it there. A wet patch spread across her crotch over the next few minutes. Before it dried it enhanced her cameltoe and revealed a dark triangle of hair.

By mid afternoon, we had the basement furnished for Ron with bed, clean mattress (it had been boxed up), dresser, old CRT style TV with stand and even a small table with chairs. The closet was mostly available for him to hang clothes but much of the space was taken up by things my folks didn't want to get rid of. There was a huge pile of junk in the side yard and stuff to give away in the entryway upstairs. Stuff for internet sale was in a corner of the basement. Ron said he'd take care of that.

We had told the girls about the hot tub and that we could relax in it after we did some cleaning so they had swim suits. They took off their shorts right in front of us. All wore slight thongs. Eva's and Cecilia's didn't even cover anything. The fabric in front was pulled between their soft, shaved labia.

Karla went over to my dad who was standing and watching, his mouth slightly open. "How about we just go au naturale. I don't want to bother with this old thing." She held up the small pieces of fabric that was her bathing suit and wouldn't have made a lot of difference anyway.

"Sure, I guess that would be fine." My dad is now officially a dirty old man. Any hesitation in his statement was obviously feigned. He did add, "you ought to check with Ruth."

I almost fainted as she slipped off her panties and went upstairs with her bathing suit still in her hand. Of course if I had fainted I wouldn't have seen her shaved pussy with its neatly trimmed "landing strip", an obvious clit hood, and hanging labia that were more obvious from behind as she went upstairs.

She returned to the top of the stairs almost immediately, "She says it's okay." All the others were naked by then and headed up. Ron and I stripped too and, tripping over our pants, followed the well endowed, hourglass figures with the wiggling butts and enticing genitals up to the hot tub.

Ron sat between Karla and Cecilia and I sat between Eva and Iris. I'm not sure about Ron but I had a hand at each crotch and the girls were feeling up my cock and balls. My dad came out in his trunks and Karla told him, "You're not getting in here, senior, unless you lose the clothes." To my surprise he lost 'em and clamored in between Eva and Cecilia. I felt his hand bump against mine at Eva's crotch. He withdrew it and gave me a guilty look. I wanted to tell him, "I know your a dirty old man dad, go ahead and get a feel." But I just grinned at him.

Then my mom came out in her one-piece with iced tea for everyone. I was surprised that she seemed pleasant enough and neither embarrassed nor upset about the nudity. Eva invited her in and suggested that she had a nice body and shouldn't hide it. She took off her suit. I think she was a bit reluctant mostly because she didn't want me to see her naked. But then I wasn't too anxious to be seeing her naked either so I diverted my eyes. She squeezed in between Karla and Iris across from my dad.

While we were sitting there Ron slipped or something and his body buoyancy caused his hips to bob up. His long penis stuck straight up into the air. All the girls laughed. Then Eva told Ron to show everyone "what you've got". Anyway she managed to get Ron to stand so the girls could admire his cock and huge balls. Karla kept rolling his substantial testicles in her hand. Ron was hard and at full salute.

She asked my mom what she thought of Ron's package. I could tell my mom was embarrassed but said something like, "very nice". Eva insisted she feel Ron's privates which she finally did. Anyway that set the tone for much of the time in the spa. My mom moved to sit between Ron and my dad and Cecilia moved to his other side. So Ron and my dad had my mom between them with Karla also next to Ron. I still had Eva and Iris next to me.

Iris squeezed her breast and milk squirted into my face. She laughed and began squirting milk at everyone and then having them suck at her tits to taste. She explained that though her son was over a year old and weaned that she made her milk available to other women who had problems breast feeding. She claimed to have a pump at home but when she was away she needed to "empty her breasts" regularly so she wouldn't "dry up". I was happy to oblige. The milk was warm and sweet. Easy to see why babies like it. Having her huge, soft breast at my face with her nipple in my mouth was an added plus. Even my mom tried a taste.

From the occasional gasps, it was clear there was plenty of activity going on under the water. I know I was doing my part and either my dad or Ron got my mom off. My bet is on Ron, he has a real knack for fingering women to orgasm. It's not pleasant thinking of your mother as a sexual being but there she was, body stiffened, her abdomen heaving rapidly making splashes in the already turbulent water and squealing with each of her rapid and shallow breaths.

My dad came too. He started gasping for air and then paused. My mom whispered to him and got up, sitting on the side of the spa my mom's hand wrapped around his penis she rapidly massaged until my dad let loose. A glob of semen sailed into the air and landed in the center of the pool. The Hooter's girls laughed. Another glob shot out and my mom did something very surprising. She pulled the spewing penis down and directed its white spurts at Cecilia. She took the hint and gobbled the cock into her mouth, consuming all the semen. My mom sat back and smiled as Cecilia sucked my dad dry. Who are these people?

Ron got Karla off too and I drank a lot of Iris' milk while getting her off. Then everyone seemed to just lie back and relax, though Eva still stroked me under the water and I returned the favor.

Saturday Evening

I'm writing this on Sunday. Didn't have a chance to finish Saturday night.

When we got out of the hot tub the sun was setting and it was cooling down so we went in the house to dry off. That lucky bastard Ron got to go down to the basement with the naked women but I went upstairs trying to avoid the disturbing sight of my mom leading my dad by his penis and him playing a rhythm on her butt. Karla told me to hurry back down. I waited for my mom and dad to get upstairs and then I wrote the Saturday Afternoon part of the Journal. That seemed sort of stupid, I guess, but it turned out not to be.

While I was writing, someone came up behind me, put her hands on my shoulders and asked what I was doing. It was Eva with her red hair, oval face, green and slightly oriental eyes, a slight sprinkling of freckles on her shoulders and the upper half of her soft breasts with pink aureoles and slightly darker nipples. She had a neatly trimmed triangle of red hair pointing at a clit hood that barely peeked out from between moderately large and soft labia from which peeked delicate flaps.

I told her I was writing in my journal. She asked to see so I showed it to her. She giggled at it and called it a "pornographic novel". She looked at the beginning and asked if that was all. I showed her the rest of the books and she laid on the bed looking at some of them while I finished.

It didn't take me long. She was still leafing through the books. She was on the bed, knees up and legs spread. Her soft labia and flaps were spread apart, inviting me to the vaginal opening. I jumped next to her and started gently rubbing between her legs. There was bit of stubble so her labia weren't as soft as they looked. But it was definitely soft an smooth inside. She smiled and said I was sure obsessed with Sally. I took her smile as an invitation and thrust a couple fingers into her. She was reading the book about when I first met Sally. I told her it was because Sally was having sex with me. "That's clear from what you wrote," she told me casting the book aside.

She gave me a huge, passionate kiss and encouraged me to move up so I was laying over her. My cock was between her legs rubbing her vagina. Her ample breast against my chest. Her nipples pressed hard against me. She lifted her hips. With little effort I got my cock inside her. It had a bit of trouble penetrating her tight vaginal entrance but once inside it slid smoothly in her wet cavity. The tightness grasped the base of my cock. She hugged me to her and continued the kiss. Her tongue explored my mouth.. I began thrusting in and out. I assumed her moans meant she wanted more so I pumped fast and hard.

She released the kiss to gasp for breath. She lifted her hips and swayed them back and forth. I kept pumping in and out. She met my thrusts with her hip movements and began gasping loudly. I had my fingers in her soft red hair and began kissing her neck. She erupted, her hips shuddered. She pushed her crotch hard against mine. Her vagina tightened around my cock. I did my best to keep moving it. It wasn't long before I felt the cum rising inside me and then bursting into her. I probably screamed. It was so intense. As good as any sex I've ever had.

Girls' skin gets so soft after sex. Eva's was soft to begin with and now it was like velvet. I kept stroking and feeling her as my cock shrink inside her and then came out. I kissed her breasts and sucked at the hard nipples. She sighed and sure seemed to enjoy my kisses and touch.

But after a few minutes Eva wanted to see what was going on in the basement. There was a pool of semen on the bed and she was still dripping. So was I. She sucked me off and wiped herself with some tissue. We left the cum to dry on my bed.

The basement was in chaos. I couldn't tell whether the girls were competing to have Ron dry them off or to dry him off or to avoid him drying them off. It all seemed to be based on what would garner the highest volume of laughter. They were all dry anyway. The towels were just props. As soon as I reached the bottom of the stairs, Cecilia yelled, "DAVID!" and jumped me, closely followed by another I couldn't identify. All I knew was that my face was buried in a soft cunt, and my cock was surrounded by wetness, probably a mouth given what felt like a tongue.

The free for all was now about who would have my hard cock inside some orifice or getting one body part or another at my mouth. I seldom knew whose part was doing what to me. I knew Iris' breasts because I had my fill of milk, much of which was just squirted over me. There were times when I managed to get a hand over a breast or cunt and embed a few fingers inside. From the sound I think something similar was happening to Ron though the competition seemed to be more about his penis than his mouth.

At some point they got more organized. Anyway I'd have two girls and Ron would have the other two. I'd fuck one while the other played around with my parts, or rubbed the other girls clit, or tits. After a while they'd switch and then later the pairings would change. God! that was great fucking each of those big breasted beauties in turn.

This way, I knew who I was fucking and could watch their faces. I loved watching my cock sink into their cunts.

Cecilia a dark haired beauty with olive skin, and very dark brown eyes in a round face had large dark aureoles and very large nipples of the identical color. She was completely shaved with a clam-shell cunt with large, narrow labia. The huge flaps of her minor labia hung out from the clam in her thigh gap. I loved the way my cock spread the clam open revealing a nice clit hood with its hard pearl. Her vagina was tight all the way up. Not so tight as to cause any difficulty in getting my penis in but it held on like a gentle hand job.

Karla with plain brown hair with bangs and cut to hang just below her chin. She had an oval face and blue eyes. Her skin was very light in color and brought out the darker flesh color of her aureoles and reddish nipples. She had a shaved pussy with a neatly trimmed "landing strip", an obvious clit hood with a protruding clit button (at least when she was excited). Her major labia were small making her large hanging flaps extremely obvious. Her vagina was a soft as silk joy to penetrate, dripping wet and slippery as tube of KY gel. The flaps would be pulled into the cavity with my penis, only to reappear as I pulled out. I couldn't help myself and filled a condom with semen the first time we fucked in earnest. The evening would have been over for me excepting for the bevy of beauties who were more than willing, anxious even, to get my cock back to life.

Iris had plain brown hair cut short and hazel eyes ( blue green fading to light brown on the outer edge) with a wide chin making her face somewhat rectangular. She had those amazing milk filled breasts with large, brown aureoles and large nipples with an interior dimple. Her major labia were very small with small strips of skin for minor labia. She had a fat clit with a minimal hood. When she spread her legs the vaginal opening was plainly visible, and after fucking her my penis left behind a half inch in diameter dark opening hat closed very slowly. Her vagina was much looser than the others but still a pleasure to penetrate and allowing more freedom of movement for my penis when I was in her.

Besides Karla I also got off inside Iris. An orgasm while sucking milk out of the breasts of the babe you're swirling your cock inside is a real experience. I fell asleep after that, aware that Ron was still humping away.

Sunday

I woke with Celia sucking at my penis. Everyone else seemed to be gone so I asked where everyone was, "Upstairs making breakfast," she told me.

I could smell the bacon and a lesser aroma of coffee so I started to get up but she pushed me down, "I want a proper fucking." She was riding my naked cock within moments and I obliged by thrusting up into her tight, warm cavity. My hands grabbed her breasts and her wild rocking and tightness had me exploding within a few minutes. She pulled off and presented her dripping pussy to my mouth. "Drink up!" she instructed and I managed to swallow the warm liquid and then licked her clean. She returned the favor, cleaning my penis with her tongue, and we headed upstairs.

Eva was cooking bacon, eggs and potatoes wearing nothing but an apron. Ron and Karla were dressed, They had made a grocery run for the food. Iris, my mom and my dad were sitting naked, drinking coffee, and waiting for the food. My mother greeted us both and got up to give us both a naked hug. I wasn't ready for that. Feeling her breasts against my bare chest and having my cock come to life and gently push against her belly - awkward!

My mom was dominating the conversation, asking the girls about themselves, telling embarrassing stories from my life and even some abut Ron. Making awkward statements like, "Ron, your mother never told me how big your penis was, now your body needs to grow to match," That made the women titter. And then following that up by asking the girls, "how does that thing feel inside?" and, "Have you ever had a bigger one?" Which caused Eva to mention Sarah's father. "I don't know Sarah," my mom replied. "Do you son?" I acknowledged that she had been a cheerleader in high school, which brought the question, "Oh, is she pretty? Have you had sex with her?" I mumbled in the affirmative and for some reason mentioned that Ron had too. "Oh! You do get around," she said to Ron. Anyway, you get the picture. More of the same throughout breakfast. My dad sat there with a silly grin. It got even sillier when she told all the girls in more detail than I thought appropriate how he had fucked her thoroughly last night.
