 Two more sets of clothing quickly joined Lisa's, scattered where they fell. Once again I took on the cherished—if short-lived—role of voyeuristic observer, only this time it was my gorgeous wife who was being devoured.

Laura's long, long legs were pushed apart just enough to accommodate her girlfriend's head, whose mouth covered my wife's smoothly-shaved mound. Mimicking Laura, Lisa began with slow, slow bottom to top tongue strokes, but soon had her tongue buried inside her lover as far as she could get it. Ultimately, though, Lisa's curls tickled my wife's overly-sensitive upper, inner thighs until finally she began to giggle.

That was my cue.

Shod in my Fuckin' Shoes, I covered the distance from chair to bedside in three strides. Grabbing a handful of tawny blonde hair in my left hand, I moved Lisa's head to my erection and replaced her mouth with two of my fingers. Within seconds I was rhythmically fucking Lisa's face and Laura's pussy, but stopped almost as quickly as I had begun.

Turning toward the bed, I took those wonderfully familiar thighs in my strong hands and roughly repositioned my wife. It was time to aggressively insert myself into this situation, literally and figuratively.

One stroke.

One powerful thrust.

When the front of my thighs slammed into Laura both she and the bed shook.

She groaned, while the antique bed frame squeaked loudly in protest.

Pulling almost all the way out, I pushed in again even harder, adding several more strokes to this round.

"Work her clit, Lisa," I instructed to our amazing sex partner...and did she ever. First with her fingers, until she was overcome with lust and climbed atop the bed beside Laura. The sensation of Lisa's hair against my lower abs didn't tickle me in the least but did overwhelm me with passion, as she pleasured my lucky wife from above as I continued my own pleasure-giving from where I stood.

It was all I could do to keep from cumming on the spot when I watched Laura drag Lisa atop her face. When I saw Laura's hands pull her girlfriend down hard onto her face I had to physically hold back my orgasm.

Lisa's groans blended with my wife's moans, as my holding back yielded the typical prolonging of my erection.

Unable to see my wife's beautiful face in order to note her approaching orgasm, it caught me off-guard when I saw her head push back against the sheets in powerful release.

I redoubled my efforts, as I whispered another directive to my partner in crime, "Spank her clit, Lisa. Spank it GOOD!"

My wife's response to my powerful strokes and her girlfriend's new efforts was nothing short of amazing, as she yelled out her second orgasm as loudly as any I had ever heard in our almost 19 years of knowing each other.

My own response to this was to refuse to stop, and I added yet another instruction for Lisa. "Suck her clit! SUCK IT NOW!"

It was only a matter of seconds before Laura rode another wave of blissful release over to The Promised Land.

I helped Lisa off as gently as the two of us could manage, allowing Laura the space she needed to slowly ride the diminishing waves of her orgasmic journey.

Of course, I had other plans for Lisa as I still hadn't realized my own orgasm.

"Thirsty?" was all I asked, as I positioned her at my feet and began to stroke.

Lisa reached up and twisted both my nipples, while kissing and licking my balls.

A few minutes later I took her hair in my hand once again and guided her ready mouth back onto my dick.

I'm not which of us groaned the loudest. Me, as I filled her mouth with my hot cum, or her as she gladly received it. But I do know that things got started all over again when she stood and pulled me into a passionate kiss, sharing her spoils with me.

"MMMmmm..." I heard Laura exclaim.

----------

The scene playing out before me was undoubtedly the pinnacle of my voyeurism, and with each action...each command the profound enjoyment increased.

My wife's desire to dominate Her Lisa took on a whole new dimension once the two of them completed the first-time adjustment of the Double G strap-on. Once the straps of the harness were properly fitted, the dynamics of the moment changed gears.

"On all fours, Lisa!" Laura demanded in a voice unfamiliar to me.

Her lover complied.

"Suck this end and suck it good!" came the next directive, as my wife—situated on her knees close to Lisa's beautiful face—held out the dildo that would be inside herself.

Her lover complied.

Thirty seconds later, "Now fuck me with it until I tell you to stop!"

Her lover complied.

I sat on the far corner of the king-sized bed totally spellbound, watching Lisa work the black piece in and out of my wife's surely-throbbing pussy for no less than two minutes.

"Leave it inside me...all the way inside me!" her voice filled with both control and pleasure.

"Suck my dick, Lisa!" Laura demanded, pushing her strap-on equipped hips forward while grabbing a handful of tawny blonde hair with one hand and administering a stinging slap on Her Lisa's ass with the other.

Her lover whimpered, and complied.

"Look up at me! Show me how much you love my dick!"

Her lover complied...and their eye contact made my heart race.

"Who do you belong to, Lisa? Who!?"

"I'm yours, Laura. No one but yours."

"And don't you forget it, either!" my wife warned.

Sliding quickly behind Lisa, Laura grabbed the front of both tanned thighs. Positioning herself up on one knee, my fucking hot wife entered her lover for the first time.

----------

Several dozen strokes later the two them collapsed onto the bed together and I stood and applauded.

The three of us laughed together, reveling in our hedonism.