 John walked through the door of the Chinese take-out restaurant. Standing at the counter giving her order was a woman with fantastic legs. If the shorts she was wearing had been any shorter, they would be better described as denim panties. She was slightly bent over the counter, looking at the paper menu as she gave the order. 

After getting the order she took a couple cups and walked over to the fountain. He watched her step over with her ass swinging back and forth, feeling almost hypnotized. John knew what he needed to order, so his time at the counter was quite short. He stepped over to the chairs that they had near the counter for to go customers and sat down. 

This was partially because of the view to fountain/ condiments area. Mrs. Legs was finishing filling the second cup, she must have had to decide what she wanted, and stepped over for plastic silverware and the rest. 

Her red shirt showed off just a sliver of skin above her waist, John could tell that she had a tramp stamp, but couldn't make out the design. It was one of the shirts that one shoulder was left exposed, no bra strap on it. He didn't know if she was wearing a strapless bra, or none at all. That made him realize she had somehow managed to keep her back turned to him the whole time. He was sure that it wasn't intentional, but still, he would love to see if her tits were as nice as her ass and legs.

"Hell of a view, hunh?" The guy sitting beside him asked. John had barely noticed he was even there. 

"Oh, yeah, fucking great set of sticks," he replied, nodding slightly.

"Ass and tits pretty sweet too, right?"

"The ass is fantastic, but she has her back to me the whole time. Couldn't say on the rack, been watching to catch a view."

"That's a damn shame. Hey, Joy, Come here a minute." Mrs. Legs' real name must have been Joy, because she turned around and walked over to where John and his conversation partner were sitting.

Now he was getting the shot from the front. It was obvious that she wasn't wearing a bra, but her tits were standing tall and proud. She was apparently cold too, her nipples pushing the thin red material out. She was a few years older than John thought originally but she was still damn hot. 

She sat down in the guy's lap. "Honey, my friend here says you got great sticks and a nice ass. He hadn't seen your tits before I called you over. Ask him what he thinks."

"You like my breasts sweety?" She pushed her tits together to make them stand up a little more.

"Um, very nice." John was damn near in panic mode, ready to spring out of his seat and run to the door if needed food or no.

"Joy, you went and made my friend nervous. I wonder if this would make him feel better." He reached up and grabbed the hem of her shirt and pulled down. The neckline dipped low enough that her nipple showed itself. It was pierced with a captive ball ring hanging down from it.

"Billy, knock it off," Joy pulled her shirt back into place after giving Billy a play swat. She got back up walked back to finish collecting the condiments. 

"You married?" John raised his left hand to show Billy the ring. "Joy and I tied the old knot about five years ago, started swinging that summer. You and yours don't swing do you?"

John had to think about the last time he had even had sex, much less thinking that swinging was a possibility. "Oh no."

Billy clapped him on the shoulder, "Now, I am going to tell you something. We don't mind letting the one play on occasion, as long as the other is good with it. We have our little signals, did you notice how she hit me before she covered back up?"

"Yeah," sounded a lot more squeaky than John wanted it too.

"Well that is her signal that she would like to have a little fun with you. I'd just watch, nothing between you and I, and we don't mind being discreet. Hell we are in town on vacation, and in a week we are gone anyway."

"I don't know man, like I said," and he raised his hand once more. 

"I hear ya, tell you what though, if you change your mind," he handed him a sheet of paper that said Billy, and had a phone number. John took the paper and Billy stood up and grabbed the bag on the counter, he and Joy headed for the door, Joy putting a little more into her walk to make her ass swing nicely. 

When his number was called John stuffed the phone number and receipt into his pocket. He headed home and ate dinner with his wife. She was a wonderful woman, beautiful as hell, but an ice cube in the sack. When they laid down for bed that night, He spooned up against her like he would from time to time. After a minute or too he reached up and cupped a breast. "Maybe tomorrow," and moved his hand away. Each one thought to themselves, "probably not," but for different reasons. 

The next morning when John was getting ready for work, he noticed the piece of paper that Billy had wrote his name on laying with his keys, he had just scooped everything out of his pocket and threw it on the table the night before. He stuffed it in his pocket and headed out the door to his car. He drove off on his way to work. He pulled his cell out and opened the text ap, punched the number in and typed out, "This is John from the Chinese restaurant. Does Joy still want to play?"

John wasn't expecting a response right away, it was still early. He stuffed the phone back in his pocket and began to actually watch the road. About five minutes later the text tone went off. He pulled his phone out, the message was from Billy, but it was a photo of joy completely nude. John nearly ran off the road getting a closer look to see both nipples were pierced with a chain running from each one down to her perfectly shaven pussy. They connected to a ring on her clit.

John's hands were shaking so bad he had to type out "When?" three times for the typos.

"Now is good with us. Drop by the Doubletree room 235 whenever you want. Don't be surprised if you have to wait in line if you come later today." 

John had a ton of sick time saved up at work, so he called his boss, it went to voice-mail, "I'm sick as hell," he even sounded it without trying, "tried to come in but not going to make it." That even covered him waiting until last minute to call. When he got to the stoplight he made the left that would take him to the hotel. 

He strolled through the lobby and thought that he might need something to calm his nerves so headed to the breakfast area. He poured himself a cup of coffee, and made it up the way he liked it, then decided to take some up to his friends in 235. He poured two cups and stuffed cream and sugar in his pocket and headed up. 

Knocking was a bit of a balancing act with three cups of coffee but he managed. Billy pulled the door open, "Come right in. Joy, he got coffee for us." He relieved John of two cups and walked over to his wife that was sitting naked in front of the open window that looked out on a freeway. He pulled the cream and sugar out of his pocket that was growing tighter due to the tent that was growing. 

"Oh, fucking bless you." She poured a cream and two sugars in the cup and took a sip. "Um, its missing something." John had already sat down on the edge of the bed, not sure what to do at this point. Joy stood and walked to him. She kissed him while her hand moved to the bulge in his pants. He reached up and started kneading her breasts.

"Oh, no you get play with those AFTER my coffee, but like I said, its missing something. She got on her knees and started unbuttoning his pants. She got the zipper down and he raised his ass off the bed so that she could pull his pants down to his knees. "That's a bit of a monster." John always thought of himself as large with a bit of thickness to go with it. She slid her fingers around his shaft and started slowly pumping. 

He sat somewhat stunned as to what was going on. He looked down when she kissed the head lightly. She smiled up at him then buried his cock as deep as it would go in her mouth. She pulled her mouth off and John could hear a little pop as her lips lost contact. She blew on the wet head making him jump a little.

His jump pushed his cock back up to her lips, "Someone is in a hurry," while slowly rubbing him. Billy chuckled lightly, he had taken her chair by the window. John had nearly forgotten he was there. Their eyes locked, John saw no malice there at all. He then felt Joy's mouth slide back down him her lips stopping about a half inch further down the shaft, about an inch from the base. 

She pulled her head back once more then pushed herself down until her nose was buried in his pubes, touching the flesh above his cock. The tightness of her throat felt great around the tip, he had never had a woman take all of his cock in her mouth before. She held her mouth there as long as she could before she had to pull back to take a breath. 

"Damn," escaped from John. She kept her mouth on his tip and rubbed his cock with her hands. 

"You can't cum in my mouth, at least not this time. You got to let me know."

"Uh, huh," he wasn't far from shooting his load and she could tell. She pushed the head back into her throat again. He started thrusting his hips lightly while she held onto him with her mouth. 

She was so lost in the moment she barely heard, "I'm cumming," the third time he said it. As she pulled back his orgasm started. His first string of cum shot into her mouth. She backed off and picked up the coffee cup in time to catch the rest of his load in the brown liquid. 

"Don't you go blaming him, he tried to tell you." 

"I know," as she stirred the coffee with John's cum in it. She raised the cup to her lips, "umm, much better." She walked over and sat in Billy's lap and took another sip of the coffee. "Well you do look a little silly with your pants around your knees and a tie on. You should hang everything in the closet so they don't get wrinkled. I got more plans for you, and its just going to get in the way."

He stood to walk to the closet then realized how awkward it would be to walk with his pants at his knees. He pulled them up as opposed to down for the short walk to the closet. Although it was a small closet he stepped in and leaned against the wall. He slowly started to strip. Jacket, tie, shirt, shoes, pants came off and got hung. He stood there for a second before pulling off his socks to stuff in the shoes then with a deep breath he dropped his boxers and kicked them into the corner of the closet. 

John came back into the room and headed over to the chair that was unoccupied. "We were beginning to wonder if you got lost," Billy smiled, "but we see it wasn't you that got lost."

Joy drained her coffee and turned to kiss her husband, her ass now coming into full view. John thought that it was time to do something at least a little drastic. He covered the distance to the chair and dropped to his knees behind Joy. 

His hands went around her legs and gripped them right above her knees. Joy jumped, "Where did you come from?" She rolled her hips forward so that her pussy was more exposed to him. His tongue danced out of his mouth and found her clit. He ran it circles around the nub. His nose was buried in her pussy taking in her aroma. 

Joy's tongue explored her husband's mouth as John's tongue explored her pussy. "That may be the first time anyone did anything like that, what do you thing honey?" Billy asked when he came up for air. 

"Ye-yeah," she responded. John's tongue explored inside her as he rubbed her clit with his fingers. 

Joy had buried a hand in Billy's shirt and was gripping it tightly. Her body was shaking badly as her hips began to spasm over John's face. She moaned loudly, as her body fell to her first orgasm of the day. 

The aroma and flavor that John was enjoying strengthened. John figured his bravery had worked once, so he moved his tongue quickly to her ass while burying two fingers in her pussy. 

"Oh, no." Joy stood quickly. "We never explained the rules. Billy, I'm so sorry."

She spun around and sat in Billy's lap, she looked like she had done something wrong. John sat naked on his knees not knowing if he should say, or do, anything. "The one thing Billy doesn't share is my ass. That's just for him." 

"You licked her ass, without asking?"

"It was there..."

"Damn, that takes balls! Tell ya what, gonna let it slide, I mean you didn't know. Hey, Joy, I think his dick is dry, you should help with that."

John could see relief on Joy's face. She truly thought she had done something horrible. "Come on then, big boy, on the bed." John stood and took about three steps backwards until the back of his knees hit the bed. He sat down and laid back. She climbed over him straddling him. She used her hand to guide his cock to her pussy.

Her lips got about half way down his shaft and she held her self there. She rotated her hips never allowing herself to drop further on him. This sent bolts of electricity up John's body. His hips started to try to meet her movements. Just as he started she dropped all her weight onto his thighs. "Damn," a light whisper was all he could muster. 

She started riding him, squeezing his cock with her keigel muscles. Her hands pressed into his chest for support. Her riding became more of a thrust, her moans getting louder. John's hands squeezed a breast each, her body responded with a very intense orgasm. 

She collapsed onto his chest, his still rock hard cock inside her. She was still humping him slowly but the position she was in made the thrusts shallow. 

"I can see why you went after that ass from this angle. Can't say I blame you," Billy spoke up from his chair. "Hell, I want in there now myself. John, have you ever done DP? You willing to try?"

"I haven't but what the hell? All kinds of firsts running for me today."

"Hang on one damn minute," Joy looked back at her husband, never pulling herself from the cock that was buried to the hilt inside her. "I haven't tried it either."

"That does make three of us here, but we have talked at length about trying it. No time like the present."

John slid, holding Joy's hips with one hand, to the edge of the bed. Somehow he had not let his dick slide from her cunt. Billy started rubbing KY over his cock. He applied a generous amount to his fingers and slid them into Joy's ass. 

Her pussy tightened up against the cock that still filled her up. He slid his fingers out and lined his head up with her sphincter. She rolled her hips back and he pushed in. 

John felt like she was going to squeeze his cock off as Billy invaded her back door. "Oh, god," Joy whispered. Once Billy had gotten as deep as the position would let him Joy started to rock her hips on both cocks inside her. John began squeezing one breast, and Billy must have seen him because he took up the other one. 

The muscles in her pussy and ass clamped down on the cocks inside her as another orgasm rocked her body. Once she came down a little from that orgasm she slid her hand between herself and John's body. Almost immediately she felt another orgasm building. 

John's orgasm built up quickly, she was just so tight like this. "Oh, baby, I'm cumming." 

Joy pushed herself down as deep as she could on him. He exploded inside her, just as his orgasm was waning, she began to scream through another one. 

His now limp cock slid from her cunt as her husband continued to fuck her asshole. She leaned in and kissed him deeply. He fought to keep his lips on hers, she moved every time Billy slammed into her. Her tits rubbed up and down his chest. 

She moaned in pleasure as she came one more time. She could feel the heat of his cum in her ass. She pulled herself forward and laid on John's chest. He threw his arms around her and held her in a tight embrace while Billy lay beside them rubbing her leg. 

Once she had caught her breath, "I think I need a shower before everyone else gets here. Hey, Billy, do you think John would have fun with our friends?"