 I think this fantasy was brought on by constantly hearing my Room mate Tina and her boyfriend Ben have sex (too thin walls) - which can be especially frustrating having always had a little bit of a crush on her. 

My fantasy starts with Tina creeping into my room at night and slipping into my bed. I awake to feel her naked body curled up behind me, her full breasts pressed into my back, hot breath on my neck and her delicate hands stroking my pert little breasts. She whispers in my ear how horny she is feeling and how much she is dying to make love to me. She starts to stroke my soft shapely thighs, her hands caressing and sending shivers through me as she gently massages my silky legs. 

We start to kiss passionately - our tongues tasting each other hungrily. I feel my nipples swell as she lowers her head to them and starts licking, sucking and biting them gently. The combination of her hot breath and tongue on my breasts and the caressing of my thighs starts to get me wet and excited. 

She moves her hand between my legs and I feel her gently brush her delicate fingers over my swelling clit. I moan loudly, already swelling with excitement. Her skilled fingers begin to stroke and then explore my now slick pussy. Her first finger enters my wet hole; a delicate warm probe entering my hot cunt. I open my legs a little, encouraging her further. She presses in, her hot finger starting to stroke my g-spot. I want more and push back against her finger encouraging her to probe deeper. She slides a second finger in and begins to finger my pussy expertly - her fingers stroking me deep inside as her thumb strums my swollen clitty. Soon my pussy is so wet i can feel my juices flowing from me. 

I tell her to fuck me harder and she slides a third finger into my willing pussy. I tell her that I want more, that I want her whole hand inside. I love being fisted, it makes me feel like such a dirty slut and makes me cum really hard and my pussy gush. She lifts her hand to my mouth letting me lick my sticky aromatic juices from her dripping fingers. I start to lick her fist seductively, taking her fingers in my mouth and licking them and covering them with my sticky saliva. Once her hand is wet enough she lowers her head back to my pussy and starts to lick me there, preparing the way. 

She spreads my legs wide and I almost cum as I feel her spit into my split pussy. The next sensation I feel is her fingers pressed against the opening of my dripping snatch. I take a deep breath and brace myself as she starts to ease her delicious digits into my slick hole. I gasp and moan as she eases her fingers into me one by one. I feel my pussy stretching wide to accept her whole hand. 

The feelings are amazing and intense, her four fingers are buried deep in me, stretching me wide. I spread my legs wider giving her easier access to my pussy. I feel so slutty all spread and stuffed like this and I am so horny that I am soon begging Tina to shove her whole fist in. 

She spits again into my spread cunt and presses hard - forcing her hand deep inside me. It feels amazing, I feel like I am going to pass out I am so aroused and I am desperate to cum. Tina starts to move her fist slowly inside my pussy, I am so full and stretched that each thrust of her fist sends shock waves of intense pleasure and pain. 

Tina lowers her head back to my pussy and starts to suck and nibble my swollen clit, this tips me over the edge and I begin to squirm and coo as my orgasm takes over. My pussy starts to quiver as I start to cum and soon my pussy juices are gushing over Tina's slender hand.  

It is at this point that Tina notices the hooks attached to the four corners of my bed. 'Mmmmmmm so you like to play games' she says. I tell her that i'd love her to tie me down and with that she gets some silk scarves from my draw lays me back on my bed and secures me spread-eagled to my bed. 

I am now lying face up and her final act is to cover my eyes with another scarf. Tina tells me she is going to get a surprise for me and she leaves the room. She returns quickly and immediately lowers her mouth to my now stretched and dripping cunt. Her hot tongue feels amazing as it dances over my swollen clit. 

Not being able to see seems to heighten all of the sensations coursing through my body. She laps at my stiffening bud, swirling her tongue around it before sucking it into her hot mouth, nibbling gently on my swollen clitty. This makes me cum again almost instantly.  I feel her start to lap up my sweet juices from my pussy, her tongue snaking up inside me as she hungrily searches my pussy and licks up every last drop of my delicious cum . 

I think she has finished but as soon as I catch my breath she is on me again. So this was the surprise, I think to myself. As she continues to lick my swollen red clit I feel the head of a warm rubber cock being rubbed over my slick pussy. She starts to tease me with it. Pressing it against the entrance to my pussy, dipping it into me then taking it out again. 

I am so horny now and out of control I want to be fucked so desperately and she knows it. I start to squirm as she continues to tease. Tina slowly submits to my desires, pressing the thick, long rubber cock deep into my pussy. It feels so nice as she starts to pump it slowly in and out of my wanton pussy. It is one of those lifelike ones and I can feel every ridge and vein on it as it fills and stretches my tight cunt so nicely. 

She starts to pump the cock deeper and harder, calling me all kinds of filthy names as she starts to really fuck me with it. I am moaning hard as she lowers her head and starts to lick and suck my swollen clit - this tips me over the edge a third time and I cum hard, my juices spilling over the rubber cock and running down her hands.

She brings the cock up to my mouth and starts to rub it over my lips. I can smell my sensuous aroma on the dildo and I savor the taste of my own sweet cum, sucking that rubber cock for all I'm worth. 

Tina suddenly says - 'you like sucking that cock don't you?' and I admit to her that 'I love it'. Then she whispers 'how would you like to taste the real thing?' With that she removes the blindfold and to my surprise I see her boyfriend Ben sitting over in corner of my room, naked and stroking his lovely cock. 

I realize that he must have been watching the whole time. So Ben was the surprise! Gathering my composure I tell her that I would love to taste some real cock. Tina begins to untie me so that I can move into a better position. Ben comes over to the bed and stands next to it. I turn to face him and start to lick around the tip of his swollen cock. 

His salty pre-cum tastes so good. I take the head of his cock in my mouth and start to swirl my tongue round it. Ben groans appreciatively. On all fours now on the bed, I start to lick along the length of his cock before proceeding to lick and suck wantonly on his swollen balls. I slurp nosily on his thick cock swallowing it hungrily into my hot mouth - I love giving really slutty blow jobs like this. 

Out the corner of my eye I spot that Tina has one more surprise for me - the dildo she used before can also fit into a harness. As I continue to suck nastily on her boyfriends magnificent cock I feel Tina's hands placed gently on my ass. She positions her rubber cock against the entrance to my pussy and pushes it deep into me. 

Now I am being fucked at both ends and it feels fantastic. The thick rubber cock goes so deep as Tina fucks me, and with each thrust she pushes me hard onto her boyfriends cock, making me choke a little as I swallow it deeper. I am moaning hard on Ben's cock through the pleasure I feel in my stretched little pussy. I feel like such a dirty little fuck-slut being taken so roughly at each end like this and I love it. 

Ben is soon moaning too, his face etched with supreme pleasure. He grabs my hair pulling me down hard onto his cock. I let him fuck my mouth like a pussy - taking his thick shaft hard and fast into my mouth. It fills my mouth - sliding deep into my throat. 

Tina is fucking my pussy so hard now, telling me to choke on Ben's cock like the filthy cum-slut that I am. My pussy is throbbing as I feel myself about to cum again. I suck Ben's cock deeper into my mouth and then reach round and thrust a single finger deep into his hot asshole. This sends him wild and with one more thrust I feel him start to cum. 

His cock jerks in my mouth and I catch the first load of salty cum on my tongue. Removing his cock from my mouth I let him shoot all over my face, feeling his hot juices splash over me. I love the feeling of his hot cum splashing over my face, knowing that it will make me look like a complete tramp. 

Tina is loving watching this and starts to fuck me harder. She spits on my ass and slides a finger into my dirty dark hole. This is to much for me and I cum hard, my hot pussy flooding with juices that spill out down my thighs. 

We clean each other up carefully before crawling into bed together. Ben and I then take turns to pleasure Tina for the rest of the evening - satisfying her every need. I've got my fingers crossed that this fantasy actually happens one day until then i'll have to stick to the secret longing and shower time masturbation.