 The bar was fairly quiet when we got back after the dinner and after three hours of being on my best behaviour, following my cover story and smiling at everyone, I was looking forward to a nice large single malt and then a couple of hours between Mrs Morganite's thighs. 

She was looking as sexy as ever, a low cut cocktail dress that buttoned all the way down the front, seamed hold up stockings and high heels. She was relaxed after a few glasses of champagne and had that glint in her eye that spoke of a very wet pussy. She cuddled up next to me on the leather banquette and ran her hand along my thigh. 

"I hope you are not too thirsty Marco because I'm very hungry tonight, wearing this dress always makes me horny, it's so sheer and sexy." 

It was true, it was quite thin and the outline of her underwear could be seen when you were close enough. I leaned down and kissed her, lightly rubbing my hand up her side, causing her dress to ride up a little exposing her stocking top. As we broke apart I saw two lads looking at us, one nudged the other and nodded towards her, drawing her exposure to his friends attention. I pushed her dress up a little more and smiled at them. Rose was oblivious to this as I kissed her again. This time I gently squeezed her breast through her dress and bra, feeling the hard shape of her piercing. I could feel, as much as see, the two lads watching intently as I pinched a little harder. 

"Rose, I want you to do something for me before we go upstairs.....go into the ladies and take your bra off."

"Why Marco?" 

"Please don't argue Rose, just do it or I'll do it for you." 

She knew from our previous times together that I never would do that but we both knew that she liked the idea of me doing it, that she liked me to tell her what to do. 

"OK then."

She picked up her bag and walked off to the ladies toilets on the other side of the room, passing the few guests that were still there including the two lads. I looked at them as their eyes followed her. They were both in their late teens/early twenties, quite well built and muscular, looking a little out of place if the truth be told, like they should be in the Travel Lodge not the Sheraton. We were sitting in a dark corner and I moved a little way along so that when she came back she would be in the light from the table lamp. The two lads looked like they were going nowhere. 

She had two choices as she walked back into the bar, either hunch her shoulders; fold her arms and cover up if she could or just be brazen. She was my Rose though so brazen it was. She walked slowly through the room with her shoulders pulled back, standing her full height in her high heels. Her breasts with the big bars through the nipples stood out before her, barely hidden by the sheer fabric of her dress. All eyed followed her as she walked up to me and sat down in the soft pool of light. She finished her drink in one swallow. 

"Happy now?"

I leaned towards her and kissed her, once more caressing her firm breast as I did so. 

"Yes, you look stunning and I'm sure you enjoyed that as much as I did." 

"Would you like another drink?" I asked. She nodded. "Well, I'll have another malt please." 

Her mouth parted as if to protest before she got to her feet and went to the bar. The barman took his time serving her, obviously enjoying the sight of her almost naked breasts. 

"Ohhh, it's hot in here!" she said as she sat down. 

"Why not undo a button?" I suggested. "Actually Rose, undo three buttons for me." I said with a grin. 

She looked at me defiantly and said "Marco, can't we just go upstairs and fuck?" 

"Not until you have undone those buttons and I have finished my drink." I smiled. 

She shrugged her shoulders and deftly undid the small buttons exposing a little more flesh with each one. By the time the third was open she was showing a tempting valley of cleavage, the darker pink of her aureole almost visible. She tucked the open material of the dress underneath, turning the dress into a 'v' neck. Almost transparent, obviously bra less and now very low cut she looked like a high class hooker plying her trade. 

I looked over at the two lads sitting almost opposite as they both stood up 

"Calling it a night?" I asked 

"Err, no." said the tallest one, "Just getting another drink."

"Why not put it on 1524 and come and join us?" I said, "We are just about the last anyway"

"Thanks mate, very generous of you." He replied. As he went the bar his friend headed towards the toilets at the end of the room. 

"Rose, stand up." I hissed. She reluctantly got to her feet as the tall lad asked for his drinks. She was too surprised to say anything when I pushed my hands up her skirt and pulled down her tiny black thong, stepping out of it without a murmur before sitting down again as the tall lad, Gavin as we soon found his name, turned back towards us with two bottles of Bud. 

I pulled Rose tight in beside me as Shaun (the other one) came and sat down. With only the low table between us they could almost see all the way up her skirt, the bottom of her stocking top just about visible. We introduced ourselves and made small talk - nice hotel, only here for one night, the lads on a course nearby, us at a party - before I let my hand trail down Rose's skirt, feeling the soft flesh above her stocking, the change of texture and then the nylon itself. 

I moved my hand across to the button and deftly slipped it free, causing her skirt to open a little wider. She closed her thighs tighter and tensed a little as I stroked casually along her leg. The lads were trying hard not to look but failing. 

"So lads, any luck with the local pussy tonight?" I asked casually. 

"No", said Shaun, "But we fancied and early night anyway" 

"We were just talking about that weren't we Rose?" I said, "Think well just finish this one first." Rose nodded and moved to pick up her drink. She had it in her hand before she realized that in leaning forward she had given them a clear look down her dress. She tossed the remains of the drink down her throat before quickly replacing the glass. Not before I had slipped another button though, and as she leant back into my embrace we could all now see the top of both stockings and some flesh above. I half expected her to make a fuss but instead she just moved closer to me, her breath coming a little quicker now. 

The lads eyes were now out on stalks, they no doubt thought that another button would let them see her knickers, while we both knew that it would be her juicy pussy on display! 

I sipped my drink slowly, chatting about nothing at all while I gently ran my fingers around the soft flesh of her thigh. Every time I touched her inner thigh I pulled gently back, encouraging her to spread them a little but she just clamped them tighter. Finally, when I only had a teaspoon left in my glass I carefully pushed the button we were all staring at through the button hole. I felt Rose shudder and bite my shoulder before opening her legs just enough for the whole of her pussy to be visible. The lads looked stunned as I gently ran the tip of my forefinger along her lips, causing them to part as the blood rushed to them and her wetness became obvious. 

"Well then." I said, "Shall we go and see what's in the mini bar in our room?" 

The lads looked a little stunned as I pulled Rose to her feet and with my arm around her waist moved slowly towards the lift. She was almost in a trance as she clearly knew that I intended for all three of us to fuck her, the way she was biting the corner of her mouth was a give away for me, something she always did when she was excited. 

"Don't you fancy getting to know Rose a bit better?" I asked over my shoulder, happy to see them exchange glances, down their beer and follow us. 

This was one of the newest hotels in the city, 20 floors with glass lifts that gave an amazing view as they slowly moved up the outside of the building. We were on the 15th floor and as the lift opened I deftly undid the remaining three buttons on Rose's dress, pushing her inside the lift as I removed the dress from her shoulders. She walked towards the glass wall and put her hands up at shoulder height to steady herself, she looked like she was about to be searched wearing nothing but her heels and hold up seamed stockings. Anyone in the street would now see her nakedness. 

Shaun, the bolder of the two had at last by now grasped the situation and lost no time in grabbing Rose's tits, pulling and tugging at the large bars through her nipples before dropping his hand to her pussy. 

"Fucking hell Gavin, she's soaking, the dirty bitch loves this!" He gleefully exclaimed. His mate joined in groping her sodden cunt as we reached our floor. "Room 24 wasn't it?" Said one of them as they half dragged her with them along the corridor. 

Once inside they threw her down on the bed, Gavin kneeling above her head, kneading her tits as Shaun spread her legs wide exposing her juicy pussy to his lustful gaze. He quickly clamped his mouth between her legs as she wriggled her hips pushing her pussy onto his tongue, gasping as he forced the hot tip deep inside. 

Shaun started to strip off, leering at the sight before him. 

"Is this what you do for kicks then Mrs, get fucked by lads half your age in hotels?" "You are in luck tonight because my mate -- the one licking your pussy -- has got a huge cock; I'm going to fuck you first because he's going to turn your cunt into a bucket!"

I perked up at this, not being small myself I was curious but just settled for another whiskey from the bar and a ringside seat. 

Gavin must have been good as Rose was by now thrashing around under his frantic lapping and gasped to her first orgasm of what looked like was going to be a very long night! 

Shaun jumped off the bed and pulled the rest of his clothes off, giving his cock a couple of firm wanks he pulled his mate from between Rose's legs and knelt between them himself. 

"I fucking love stockings." He said, running his hands along them before bending her knees back towards her shoulders. Shuffling forward his cock slipped deep within Rose with no resistance before pulling almost all the way out and slamming into her again. There was no finesse, he was just going to take his pleasure at her expense and didn't care. Although he had started at a high pace he had no trouble speeding up, slamming into her harder and harder. She was gasping for breath as much as from pleasure and we could clearly hear the slap slap slap of his balls against her arse. He pushed her legs wider and higher until they were around his shoulders and her wide eyes betrayed how deep he was inside her. He came with a loud grunt, tensing and thrusting deeper inside her before rolling off with out ceremony. 

"Fuckin' hell, I enjoyed that." he said, "Hurry up and shag her Gav so I can do it again" 

Gavin was standing at the side of the bed stroking his meaty cock, not huge but certainly thicker than mine. I knew that Rose would have no trouble getting it inside her, the problem would be getting her to let go of it and give Shaun another chance! 

She pulled him down onto the bed and after a few double handed pumps she pushed him back and straddled him, gently flicking the large head through her cunt lips, getting used to the size before slowly inching down onto him, twisting and pulling at her nipples as she did so until with a last wiggle of the hips she had all of him inside her. 

He reached forward and tried to grab hold of her bouncing tits but she slapped his hands away. 

"You and your mate can do what you like with me later but for now will you just lie there, don't fucking move and let me have some fun? Please?" 

I grinned because I knew what was to come, she did a similar thing with me a few months back and very erotic it was too. As Gavin lay back with his hands behind his head she began to slide her slippery sheath up and down on him and although the upstroke was slightly quicker, the downward was very slow indeed but I could tell from Gavin's face that she was squeezing her pelvic floor muscles hard down onto his cock so that every inch inside her felt like the first time she has been fucked. She carried on like this for about a quarter of an hour -- time enough for Shaun to take some photos on his mobile of Gavin's big dick in her inflamed pussy - and although she was barely moving at times sweat was running down her face. Her breath had become a shallow pant by the time she touched her clit with the tip of her index finger triggering off an amazing orgasm. She had been at the top of his cock when she began to come and as she slid slowly down his thick shaft her orgasm rolled on and on, the groans getting louder and more guttural and her whole body flushing a deep red. The juice flooding out of her pussy soaking Gavin's thighs. He had done himself proud withstanding this for so long but could hold out no longer, his face contorted as he emptied his balls deep inside her. 

I had to hold her as she almost collapsed on top of him, rolling her to the side so Gavin's cock could slip out of her gaping cunt leaving a steady stream of his spunk and her juice soaking into her stocking tops. 

"You going to fuck her now Marco?" asked the obviously eager Shaun, his hard cock indicating how inflamed his lust was "Or can I have another go?"

"Not just yet but it won't be long, lets get her into position first. Get up Gavin, pass me those pillows." 

I piled all four pillows on top of each other half way down the bed and then told Rose to lie forward on them so they supported her hips. With her hands out in font of her and her legs together; it made her ass stick up enticingly. 

"Now Rose." I said, "I thought we had a deal." In exchange for me being your escort tonight I agreed to do whatever you said as long as we were at dinner. After dinner you would be mine to do with as I wished. I'm pretty sure that was the arrangement wasn't it?" She nodded and started to say something but I cut her short with a look. "When we were in the bar I clearly wanted you to open your legs and flash your pussy to the lads here but you kept squeezing them together. Now I know you did it in the end but that's not the point is it?"

"Lads, take one hand each and keep her still please."

With one each side of the bed holding her down I pulled the belt out of my trousers and gently ran it up and down her back before bringing it down with a crack against my thigh...she jumped and started to babble, the words 'no' and 'won't do it again' becoming louder until I stuffed the thong she had been wearing earlier in the evening into her mouth. 

I doubled the belt over and gave her a light slap with it on each cheek, watching her flinch and quiver. I had spanked her before and knew that she liked it but I'd never used a belt on her and I knew that I would have to de careful not to get carried away and give her a real thrashing....maybe she would like that though....but for now I just worked up to a nice rhythm, slapping slightly harder each time, enjoying seeing her ass getting redder and redder. She was squirming under the blows and trying to grind her pussy into the pillow so I guessed she was enjoying it so I gave her two slaps a bit harder, I did intend for her to understand that I was annoyed at her not doing as I said but that just made her jerk her hips more firmly against the pillow. She needed more resistance though as the pillows were too soft... 

Every hotel has a Gideon bible in the bedside draw and this one was no different. I pushed the bible down into the soft pillows so that the spine with its gold lettering spread her pussy lips apart and settled against her clit. She rocked her hips against it and gave a low moan as I resumed my beating, her ass was crimson now and every stroke from the belt caused her to jerk harder against the bible. I could see her face getting redder and redder so I pulled the knickers from her mouth, didn't want her to choke on them as I had every intention of this night lasting a long time. A few quick hard slaps made her scream but the pain and the jerking against the rough lettering brought her to a powerful orgasm, the boys having to hold her down as she thrashed in her passion. 

"Now can I fuck her?" Said the ever eager Shaun. 

We pulled the pillows from under her and put her on all fours. Shaun wasted no time in sticking his cock up her again, Rose seemed in a daze and hardly seemed to notice until Gavin and his now fully recovered cock appeared in front of her and with a gleeful 'open wide!' filled her mouth and most of her throat with his hot young cock. I took a few snaps of the action on her phone for her later use, she told me that she liked to drift off to sleep with her fingers clamped between her thighs and an erotic image locked in her mind. 

Shaun lasted a little longer this time but was soon flooding her cunt again. At this point Gavin moved around to shag her and I had the pleasure of her mouth while Shaun watched and waited. When he had added another load to the mess between her legs I finally got to give her a very hard, vigorous fuck while she sucked Shaun. This arrangement carried on for the next couple of hours, Rose with a hot cock in each end and one waiting its turn. 

By now it was 0500 and almost daylight. The boys had to be in a lecture at 0900 so we decided enough was enough. I ran a deep hot bath for Rose who looked like she had been fucked by a biker gang, her stockings were laddered and soaked with cum, her tits were red raw and covered with love bites as were her ass and thighs. Her makeup was smeared all over and her lips were swollen from the effort of sucking. Only her satisfied smile told the true story of her night in room 1524. 

After the boys had gone -- but not before exchanging phone numbers in case they are ever this way again -- I lowered her into the bath and gently washed away all the sweat and spunk of the night, washed it out of her hair and rubbed a soothing cream into her gaping pussy. After I had tucked her up into bed and hung the 'do not disturb' sign on the outside of the door I cuddled up against her, gently kissing her neck and ears. 

"Mmmm, thank you Marco that was wonderful." She said "I don't think I have ever been so satisfied."

"Get some sleep Rose." I said, "I have ordered room service for 1100 and the guy at the desk said that the lad that delivers it always demands a tip for working that late...so it's coffee and cock for your breakfast!" 

"Mmmm Marco, I can't wait!" She said dreamily...