 I wanted to know who the hell (with the help of Trudy's fingers!) had just given me the best blowjob off my life. 

Post orgasm remorse was cursing through my mind though, what if it was a guy!? At the time I was so into the fantastic sensations my cock and ass were receiving I'm not sure I would have cared, but now..., I slowly lifted my head of the bed and looked over my shoulder. Behind me Trudy stood smiling back at me, looking flushed with some of her immaculately tied up hair straying down the sides of her face. "Something tells me that hit the spot Jakey" Trudy remarked and grinned as she slide her fingers from my ass unable to resist a quick stroke of my prostate on the way that had my cock pulsing.

Under the table Jen was grinning to herself, she and Trudy had been roomies at college, much more than roomies in fact, they were fuckbuddies and still were whenever they got together. It had been a few months since they had last seen each other but they were some team and the opportunity to let Jake have the Trudy & Jen treatment was too good to miss. She had arranged Jake's sales calls so he'd end up at the hotel where her fuckbuddy worked and her plan was taking shape nicely. Taking Jake like she did, fucking with his mind as much as anything else, that was she and Trudy did best, and they had only just got started, "Well, Jakey I think it's only polite that after you come in someone's mouth you get to know who it is, 'come out honey!'"

My jaw nearly hit the floor! My new, horny and very fucking 500miles away colleague slid from under the bed, she tried to look in control and cool but her moist lips glisting with my come made that tricky, seeing me butt-naked brought a smile to her gorgeous mouth though .. "Hi Jake!" she managed, "Surprise!"

As Jen smiled at me, I remembered what a damn sexy lady she was, she was wearing a smock like Trudy's it was tight against her firm tits, they were pressing hard against the press-studs at the front, creating gaps through which I could see the outline of her nipples. Trudy smiled at Jen, licked her lips and lent over kissing her hard. Jen looked all too familiar and at ease as Trudy roughly pressed her lips against hers, forcing her tongue into her mouth as if searching out my come, Jen reciprocated and they were soon in a very intimate deep and passionate kiss. These two had done this before and I was in the box seat, this scene was getting me hard again and I started to stroke my cock as I watched the two old friends kissing passionately. I had so many questions, but now was not a good time! 

Trudy started to unbutton Jen's smock, as she did so Jen's fabulously pert breasts pushed past the fabric as if they were gasping for air, when they hit it - the cool air of the spa –her large pink nipples could be seen visibly hardening. Trudy leant forward and cupped Jen's right breast holding it firmly, her tongue darting out and flicking the nipple lightly but quickly, then licking her whole breast in ever decreasing circles biting her nipple gently. Jen's head leant back, eyes closed, breathing heavy as she felt her old friends mouth do what it was so adept at, making her pussy wet.. She knew what was going to happen. She knew exactly where Trudy was going to take her, the pleasure she would soon be feeling and how much she had missed this.

Trudy, stopped for a moment and looked at me, "Jake lie on your back"

I did as I was told and watched as Trudy slipped her smock off and Jen's off with consummate ease, press studs and a carnal desire spurring her on. Jen now naked stunning with her jutting tits and horny smile climbed onto the massage table her legs straddling my hips. Jen looked at me lustfully, deep into my eyes leaned forward and gently bit my lower lip before moving down taking my nipple in her mouth. She put my nipple in her mouth squeezing between her teeth, gently at first and then harder and harder, she reached down between her legs and found my cock with her hand, she grabbed it and guided it to her pussy. I could feel her hot wet pussy lips brushing against my cock as she slid it back and forth against her. In one movement she sunk down completely, burying my cock deep inside her and gasping as she did so. 

Trudy loved watching her friend fucking; it made her wet and when she got wet and horny like she was now her masculine side came to the fore. She knew how the night would progress and was prepared as always, she leant across to the drawers in the corner of the room and from the top drawer pulled her old friend, a black strap-on cock. This had a fat bulbous section that she eased into her pussy and then strapped into position, the cock jutting from her now dripping pussy was 8" long and 2" wide. The pulses in her pussy were fucking unreal and it was time...

Trudy climbed the bed behind Jen and eased her forward, as she did Trudy drizzled oil all over her "cock" and onto Jen's ass, smothering her crack sliding a finger in and out of her ass before getting in position. Jen could feel the "old friend", like she had many times before, nudging at the bud of her ass, she needed Trudy's cock in her ass now.

I was conscious of Trudy climbing onto the bed and Jen leaning forward biting my nipples once more. Then as Jen squealed I felt it, the other "cock" in Jen's ass, it was deep... really deep and I damn near shot my load there and then at the thought of what was happening to Jen.

Trudy's cock was pulsing and vibrating and was pressed against mine through the thin wall separating Jen's pussy and ass, Jen's breath began to quicken and Trudy was shouting at Jen telling her she was a fucking whore who like being fucked in the ass, I could stand it no more and started to pulse and pump my come deep inside Jen, Trudy pounded away as she sensed Jen coming and pushed her cock completely inside Jen who was now on another planet...

Jen came back to earth seeing me, her boss still inside her twitching, and could feel her fuckbuddy as she slid out of her ass. It had been sometime since she'd had a good fucking and she was not about to let things stop there....

"Trudy? I think it's Jake's turn, wadya think?"

To be cont'd