 I awoke, as usual sweating from the heat, the single sheet thrust aside in the night. What a super evening it had been the night before and how strange it had all been, such a contrast to the, also pleasant, normality of going out to the restaurant. The shared construction and then the repetitive ejaculation of the 'impossible cock.' The games adults play, indeed!

Looking down my body, I smiled to myself. Unsurprising, but there it was, my single comparatively small penis, as hard as anything with morning need. How amazing it had looked joined with its fellows, indeed 'freaky' as Gina had said. To have been a part, a quarter, of the thing had been quite an experience. I could, if I wished, make the comparatively little thing standing there, down at the joining of my legs, ejaculate there and then, with a bit of help from my hand, but just the once. The 'impossible cock' had spurted again and again.

I got up, walked through the lounge, turned the key and stepped out into the morning sunlight. A pleasure to be able to go outside naked, the heat already rising and moreover in my true 'manly' state. I stretched, making my erection the more prominent, and walked a little further out around my swimming pool. Reflected in window glass was me in all my 'glory.' Well, it was not too bad a sight. My body was reasonably taut and lacking in flab and, certainly, my erection was not small. It looked potent enough. A swim seemed in order and would be good before breakfast but, but why not in the sea? Should I go there as I was, indeed just as I had done the morning before? 

It was early, the sun only just up and such an attractive idea to take an early morning stroll. Ordinarily one might pause at the idea of walking through one's neighbour's grounds naked - let alone erect - but the neighbours were by no means normal. Alan or Cory might be already up and would not blink an eyelid at my tumescence, indeed more than likely would see it as amusing to join me and see if both or, even, all three of us could walk to the sea erect, would be unfazed at the idea of communal masturbation and talk of past sexual encounters or fantasies to keep us all hard.

Or perhaps Gina might be sitting on a lounger naked but for her hat. Well, she would not be fazed either, might well ask, 'could she help with that?' It would, after all, be an experience more than close to last year's fantasy of the little black girl - indeed, I had almost experienced that very fantasy scene when I first saw her a week before. 

Lovely just to walk up to Gina as if it was nothing strange to be approaching girls with one's penis at full stretch, pleasant just to converse like that before walking on to the sea. Perhaps to then hear the sound of running feet and turn to see the girl running after me, her black breasts bouncing. 'Can I join you? I fancy a swim.' Perhaps her hand closing around my erection. 'We can do something about that if you like.'

Despite my thoughts that it really did not matter, I still found it a little difficult to boldly step around the hibiscus bush and out into full view from Alan and Sharon's villa. The reality was I was up (very up!) before them. It was clearly going to be a solo ramble. Nice enough, and it was what I had planned, after all, but it would also have been nice to have had company. Pleasant to have exchanged erotic thoughts with Alan or Cory, perhaps talked about Gina or listened whilst Cory talked about Ti Linn and Desmond from the year before. More interesting and stimulating revelations! Had Cory perhaps walked the same way with Ti Linn and Desmond - it would have been impressive to see Desmond striding along naked and erect - and perhaps heard how Cory and Desmond had enjoyed Ti Linn - separately - before entering the sea.

The idea of a pleasant stroll and shared masturbation with my male friends was not unattractive. On the other hand, better still with a female companion - hearing Gina telling me about her sexual experiences and desires as we walked. That would have been dreamlike!

Nonetheless, alone, the naked explorer set off down the path, over the wall, across the patio and through the iron gate. I managed the whole distance erect again. I was becoming good at that! The trick is in the thoughts! Of course not having paused for a 'wee' helped just a bit, you know! Did I masturbate to release? Not actually. I saved myself for lunchtime. I had a sort of feeling something might happen – and happen it did on that very beach.

At lunchtime, over at Sharon and Alan's, I found Joni had done a whole series of studies drawn from memory from the night before. As far as I could see she had remembered the binding perfectly, the artist's ability to recall so evident. I particularly liked one drawing where the only colour was a green wash to the ribbon binding the four of us, otherwise all in grey pencil. It put a particular and appropriate emphasis on that binding.

Lunch was light and pleasant but not sexual, well not too sexual, until afterwards! I had the pleasure of seeing Gina running. I do not know what prompted her but all of a sudden she said to Tristram,

"Catch me if you can!"

And she was off running away from the villa and down the track. Tristram looked nonplussed for a moment and then was after her.

Wonderful to see the brown girl running, her fine limbs at work and her boobs bouncing. Had she been teasing him in some way! I do not know but he was tumescent. It may have caused him to pause before running after Gina. I am sure Desmond running erect would have been more impressive, much more impressive, but Tristram looked good.

"Shall we? Are you up for the chase?" It was Cory.

Well I was not 'up,' as such, but the idea of a bunch of men, naked men, chasing after a naked girl with the prospect of taking her at the end of the chase was not exactly unpleasing. Luckily the lunch had been light. The exercise would not cause cramp!

The idea of proud sportsmen at the chase, weapons at the ready and then with their quarry at bay despatching it with their spears not a little exciting.

"Yeah, let's!"

Up the track Alan, Cory and I went at the trot after Tristram or, rather, not so much after Tristram as Gina, our genitalia swinging.

We only caught them up on the beach, a luckily deserted beach because Tristram was on top of Gina and spearing her - lustily! It was play acting only, not forced, Gina was laughing.

"Do you need help?"

"Who are you asking?" Gina's pretty brown eyes were looking up at us, at three erections growing above her. "It's not me, is it?"

Well, no! We were asking if Tristram needed assistance!

Only play acting, and awful if it had not been, but the taking in turns, one man off and the next in his place was exciting. Gina was a 'good sport' and just lay there and let us take her. Whether she could have possibly imagined before she boarded the plane that she might find herself lying on a sandy beach with legs spread whilst no less than four men inseminated her in turns, still less with her consent, I rather doubt. It was a bit more than modelling, though she had accepted that. Would I have been quite so accepting of that when young and hard up? Not prostitution, no, not at all. But an acceptance you were being taken on a wonderful holiday and would have certain obligations in return – sexual obligations.

Would I have accepted the idea when at university of going off with perhaps a group of middle aged women, in their forties, let us say, and expected to be naked, ready to pose decoratively erect and service them as required. Four randy divorcees or perhaps one even a virgin persuaded by her friends to come along. Not exactly my age group then but, if not gone to seed, I hope I would have found their bodies feminine enough to excite and been rather happy with them being so willing and eager - probably prepared to try anything! Two weeks of sunshine and sex with beer thrown in. It would have been tempting. Four available vaginas, four mouths eager to slip over my cock and slurp! Would it have been private, one to one sex in a bedroom, or more open? Would I have found myself presented with four wet holes in a row?

Perhaps better still to have brought along a mate as well - perhaps even managed the 'other intercourse' not that I would even have thought of that idea back then. Certainly having a second cock available would have eased the burden! Four randy women to service on my own would have been just a bit of a challenge. Not so much how many ejaculations in a day that I could manage but how long I could keep 'it' up.

Gina was the 'good sport' and let us all take our turn, though she kept mostly in role. So exciting when she managed to wriggle away and run off across the sand, only to collapse in giggles when she turned and saw us running after her all with erect penes. 

"I'm going to get Joni to paint that." 

And Joni did actually a few days later! Four very obviously male runners chasing after a little black girl across the sand with very obvious intent. A simple watercolour, really all yellows and blues but the nakedness of all and the tumescence clear enough. She called it 'Lust on the sand.' Apt, very apt.

It was fun to run after Gina across the sand and catch her. We passed her around in a circle, each man slipping up into her for a few strokes before we returned to a serial fucking on the sand. I was the fourth man to lie upon her and finish the task, slipping and sliding in her very lubricated sex. "You all right, Gina?" I whispered as I lay upon her.

She was, and, what was more, I think I made her come before I did. That rather pleased me.

A pleasant swim in the warm, blue water and then a wander back along the path. Four naked men and one naked girl all sexually satiated.

"These naughty men stuck their things in me and made them squirt."

"Oh, men! What do you do with them? I thought you looked a little fucked. Now boys, say you're sorry and go and make her a nice cup of tea." Sharon's understatement so funny.

I headed back across to my villa and my work. It had been a pleasant lunch and a rather exciting, well, 'gang bang!' Another new experience. My 'thing' was certainly being kept busy and doing a lot of squirting! I chuckled to myself at the memory of the four of us chasing across the sand after the little black girl. All four of us erect – what a sight, four men running with their penes sticking out hard to their fronts. A sight you don't see very often! A sight indeed, but you had to be part of it to feel the real excitement, the sheer ,primitive lust of men as a pack chasing a girl with intent. The sheer excitement of catching her. picking her up and then fucking her, so carnal - the passing around in a circle of the girl, one penis out and the next in. Each man taking his turn. It had been like a loving cup.

Early evening found us once more upon the beach. Gina had popped her head around my study door and asked if 'I would like to come... to the beach?"

Ah, word play. Such fun, the double entendre can be so amusing and so subtle. The pantomime can be liberally sprinkled with them making them a hoot for the grown-ups whilst the more simple slapstick and jokes make the performance such fun for the children.

Lovely to laugh with my little black girl but, alas, Gina was not to be my little black girl for very much longer. The fortnight was drawing to a close. My fortnight of unrestrained sex was nearly over.

Lovely to know this girl would not mind if I touched her before we headed for the beach. So nice to stand, move to her, reach and just hold her pretty black breasts. Gina had nothing on, not so much as a bikini and there they were right before me with their black nipples just waiting to be fondled. So nice to see her look down at her clasped breasts and then back up to me with a smile.

I said, "Yeah, that would be good. I fancy a... swim."

"Just a swim?"

So nice to freely erect into her curls. Feel the blood pulsing into my penis and it rising, the knob nosing into her soft fur.

"You men!" she said.

But she reached and held. There it was, my erection held by encircling black fingers. She rubbed the smooth, exposed knob against her curls. So soft, so delicate.

"Gina, would you perhaps. before you all fly off, come around and do that under the desk thing again. It was just so... I did like that."

"Oh yes," a sigh, "It'll soon all be over. I still can't get over what I'm doing here. I mean, of course I will, I'd be very happy to. But this," a squeeze to my penis, "this is all, you know... I've said it before, just so weird. So not me - least I didn't think so. Last year, a few weeks ago, I wouldn't have dreamt of..."

She slid downwards, her breasts slipping from my hands. I felt her hair sliding down my chest and on to my tummy and then soft, cool lips on my penis. I could not see, anymore than I could when she had been under my desk, as her hair obscured the view, but I could very much feel I was in her mouth.

A wet sliding mouth, up and down my cock. Lovely! Slowly Gina pulled my penis downwards with her mouth and just as slowly her face came into view with her generous lips all around my erection. A girl looks so lovely with a penis in her mouth - in my opinion!

"What do I look like?"

"Lovely, Gina, quite lovely!" And she did, so sweet and with her eyes looking up at me all, can I say it, doe like!

"That's not what I meant."

Unbelievable, quite unbelievable, thinking back. To have had this sweet, young black girl kneeling in front of me, completely naked, and sucking my cock. It was amazing, I could feel her tongue lapping away at it in her mouth. Karen could hardly have been cross, hardly have denied me this pleasure.

"I mean, a few weeks ago, I just wouldn't have done this except to my boyfriend." She had to take my erection out of her mouth to speak but even so she was licking it as she talked, her pink tongue sliding up my erection all the way to the tip. "And this morning. Four of you chasing and fucking me. Four of you doing that, and with my agreement of course, but not one my boyfriend - not that he'd be happy sharing or anything like that. And here I am, down on my knees, sucking you, a man old enough to be my father and letting you come in my mouth."

"That's what I'm to do is it?"

"If you like... or just come over me." Her hand reached and stroked, "Or you can fuck me again if you like. It's what I do - seem to do, seem to like to do - on this holiday."

"You don't mind?"

She shook her head, "No, and that's what I don't believe." She was looking at my erection as she stroked it. "You've a nice penis." She kissed it and then looked up at me. "You know, I think I will make it come in my mouth." 

The black girl gave it another lick and then there was, "Mmmm," as her mouth descended and the full, dark lips slipped again over my knob.

She was pulling backwards, the emphasis on the out stroke so the corona, the splayed edge of the helmet, kept being caught by her lips as if it was too wide to come out through them. A remarkably intense feeling, pull, pull, pull on the very edge of my glans. An intense feeling that pulled me over so my balls lifted and I began to pump into Gina's mouth. Such a pleasure, a rhythmical, but too short surging, as my semen flowed out into her mouth and onto her moving tongue. 

And then, as my penis was still dribbling semen, she pulled it right out of her mouth and licked up the fraenum. Intense and rather messy - wow!

Gina got to her feet and I just looked at her, collecting myself, marvelling at what she had done. Fascinated to see my semen on her lips. She was such a pretty thing, such dark beautiful skin, such black hair, so feminine, so desirable. But my ability was all gone, had left me and, indeed, gone down her throat! It would have been lovely to have fucked her there and then, perhaps with her sitting on my table, bottom on the edge, but whilst my penis was still standing I could, already, feel the loss of strength. Another time, perhaps.

Hand in hand we walked from my villa to next door to collect the others for the beach.

We found we did not have the beach to ourselves. The German couple were there again with their boat anchored off shore. Again the hurried pulling on of bikini and shorts which was a trifle unnecessary given not one of us had any such thing on. Perhaps from a distance they had not noticed. We came across to talk. I was amused to see Burkhart clearly trying rather hard not to look too often at Gina. She was, of course, well worth looking at.

They were interested when Joni settled down to draw and paint, coming across to look at her work. A fine seascape with their boat in the foreground.

I knew it would happen - eventually. Joni was most persuasive, as I knew. Later I awoke from a short doze on the sand, Gina had perhaps rather tired me, to see Bettina posed, sitting on a rock, knees nearly up under her chin, with Joni perched nearby drawing away. Bettina was now naked. Joni had found another to model for her, naked on the beach.

She did not bother to put the bikini back on afterwards and it was a pleasure to watch Bettina's tall figure walking from Joni to the sea for a swim. Burkhart, the only one with the slightest scrap of clothing on, had stood and then, finally, dispensed with his swimming shorts to run after her towards the sea.

"Very athletic," commented Sharon near me, her eyes following the retreating naked figure. "Nice bum. Cory will want to draw him."

She looked at me and winked. "Nice couple. A bit unlikely, I think, that I'll get my hands on it... or anything else!

We watched him run into the sea, pick Bettina up and give her a hug.

"I'm so sure it'd be nice to have him slide into me next to Alan whilst you," she looked at me over her sunglasses, "slid into Bettina!"

"She's a pretty girl."

"A 'yes' then!"

 It was perhaps unwise of me. It was a lot of catering the next evening. I had invited not just my neighbours but Bettina and Burkhart as well to dinner that night. They had been on the beach again when I had taken a lunchtime stroll. Luckily, that particular lunchtime, I had come down onto the beach following a simple naked stroll rather than my increasing tendency to stroll erect. My mind on work rather than little black girls, or bound penes or indeed tall, naked, tall German girls.

Nine people to cater for, no less. A barbecue seemed the easiest solution. I have done barbecues enough before but never done them in the nude. The whole scene rather reminiscent of an old fashioned documentary about a nudist camp or colony. The film makers desperate to show sausages being grilled by a naked man - the almost classic scene! In reality there were no sausages just kebabs and my own sausage was very carefully protected from any spitting hot fat by an apron. You have to be practical in such situations.

Nudity was the order of the day or rather evening. Bettina and Burkhart had got the idea. Bettina had certainly done her hair, had a pretty necklace around her neck, a couple of bracelets and even a gold chain around an ankle but was otherwise unadorned. No little black number or anything at all for that matter. Just her and her jewellery. Bettina tall and willowy, with her full breasts, well separated, moving as she walked. Her completely naked mons with its slit so very different from Sharon's untamed riot of red curls. I wondered how Bettina's hair grew, did the slit act as a parting for a splay of fine straight fair hairs or did she grow thick and curly and so blond? Burkhart similarly denuded but I was rather less interested in how his pubes grew! Nonetheless there were his generative organs on display though not calling attention to themselves, all relaxed - very relaxed in case of his balls, they hung low in the heat. 
