 It had been a long week at work when Megan got home that Friday. Sighing with relief, she remembered that her husband had taken the kids to his parents that weekend to give her a break. She had the entire weekend with no kiddos. Glancing at the time on her cell phone, Megan hurried to the shower. Marcus would be home from dropping off the kids soon, and she wanted to clean up and get ready for, hopefully, a night out with her hubby. It felt like it had been years since they had a night to be adults and party. 

She was ready to go by the time Marcus returned and he had a frown on his face. "What's wrong baby?" Megan asked. Feeling her heart drop, she knew their plans to go out tonight and hang with their friends had just got flushed down the drain. 

"Billy called me while I was on my way back and said the bar is closed tonight. The owner had a sudden death in the family, and they don't know when they will be back open."

"Well shit", was Megan's response. "I got all dolled up for nothing then. Guess I'll go back to the bathroom and clean my face off. There is no point now."

"Hold your horses darlin. You can still stay dressed up, you look fantastic!" Marcus said as he slowly backed Megan up to the wall at the end of their foyer. There was a mischievous twinkle in his eyes. She had no idea what his plans were for tonight. She was going to be pleasantly surprised. They had discussed fantasies before and thinking he wasn't paying attention, Megan had mentioned about being with two guys at once. Marcus knew he would probably never get his fantasy of two girls at once if he didn't consent to giving her two guys at once. He kissed her deeply and passionately once she was against the wall Marcus pressed his growing dick against Megan's belly. 

Groaning, Megan wrapped her arms around Marcus's neck and her legs around his waist, needing to feel his cock against her now throbbing slit. When you have to get it when you can with three kids in the house, being able to do it anywhere but the bedroom is exciting. Hoping that they would go ahead and take advantage of it, Megan groaned in disappointment when Marcus backed away from her. 

Tracing his fingertips along the shape of her ample breasts and down her abdomen, Marcus continued, "Billy is grabbing some food and some beer and coming over here. I figured we could do a Netflix a chill night with him instead of trying to find another bar to go to. I know you wanted to go and dance, but at least this way we can be comfortable, have no one to impress, and talk how we want to talk without the owner's rules pressing down our necks."

Analyzing Marcus's five o'clock shadow peppering his face and wondering how it would feel scratching against the inside of her thighs at this very moment, Megan nodded her head in agreement. "Well since we are staying home then, I'm going to change because this outfit is going to be killing me before long and I want to be as comfortable as possible."

Marcus watched Megan saunter off to the bedroom and had to fight to keep from following her in there and ravaging her right then. He needed to save himself for when Billy arrived, and poured Megan a very stiff Jim Beam and Coke with grenadine. He didn't want to get her plastered right away but wanted her relaxed and loose enough to agree to just about anything tonight. Marcus and Billy had talked about it in great detail and had a plan to make everyone smiling by the end of the night. 

Billy had admitted to Marcus, when they met for lunch three weeks ago, that he had found Megan very attractive since they had first met, but never left the 'friend zone' because she had bounced from man to man in her younger days. Now at 35, she was settled down with Marcus, and Billy knew he would always be Megan's best friend. Marcus had explained to Billy that Megan had wanted two guys at once, but he didn't trust anyone else with her except Billy. 

"So, you are telling me, I get a chance to live my fantasy and have sex with your wife for one night?" Billy had said. 

"Yup. The only string is that it can only be this one night. We can go until we are passed out, and if I pass out before the two of you do, and she's still in the mood...then you can still go at it. But once the sun comes up the next morning. That's it. No more. Can you agree to that?" Marcus had said almost a little too sternly. 

Grinning like a Cheshire cat, Billy said, "Absolutely. The only question is, can you get her to agree to it?"

It was Marcus's turn to grin, "I don't think we will have a problem with that."

Walking out of the bedroom in a pair of short running shorts and a tank top with no bra, Megan had decided to go without underwear because she was hoping that her and Marcus could get at least their lower halves under the blanket while watching a movie with Billy in the room and he would finger fuck her until she came. The thought of Billy's 6-foot, blue eyed, blond hair, corn-fed muscular body only being a few inches from her on their couch while she soaked her husbands' fingers in her cum, was almost more than she could take. It was one of her ultimate fantasies. She wouldn't mind if Billy watched, but really wanted him to partake. To be worshipped and made to cum multiple times by two different men, god that would be heaven, Megan thought to herself. 

As she walked down the hallway to the living room, the doorbell rang. Marcus told her he had it and told her to take her drink and just relax. Megan took a long pull off the drink that Marcus had handed her and noticed how strong the Jim was. Grinning, she knew it was going to be an interesting night. Marcus was trying to get her drunk. Where he was headed with this, she didn't know, but couldn't wait to find out. 

Billy walked into the living room and stopped dead in his tracks. Megan was sitting with her feet tucked underneath her on the couch in only the shortest pair of running shorts he has ever seen and a skimpy black tank top that barely contained her C cup breasts. He knew he had to take his time, and let Marcus drive this fun train tonight, but heaven help him...he wanted to wrap her up in his arms right now and fuck the shit out of her. He had waited for years to sink himself into her, to taste her, and make her scream long into the night. 

Marcus tapped Billy on the shoulder and pulled Billy out of his daydream. Holding a stack of paper plates and a roll of paper towels, Marcus walked into the living room and Billy followed his lead placing the pizza he had brought onto the ottoman. Megan was trying to find something on Netflix that would interest all of them, but Marcus snatched the controller out of her hand and simply stated, "I'll be the movie DJ tonight." Grinning Marcus knew exactly what he was going to put on. Spartacus always got Megan feeling frisky and knew that between that series and the Jim Beam, she would be willing to do just about anything tonight. 

When he hit play on the show, Megan just looked at Marcus like he had lost his mind. He knew what that show did to her and put it on anyway. Yet, she was getting ready to be settled down on the couch between her two favorite guys, eating pizza, watching soft porn, and drinking. Yup, tonight was going to be interesting. If nothing else, Billy would hear her screaming from the bedroom later that night. Her lips slowly turned into a grin at the thought of Billy rubbing his cock on her couch while she was getting thoroughly fucked by her husband in their bedroom. Even if he wasn't in the same room, he could at least get some pleasure out of it, and Billy at least being in the same house while she could be loud. If this was the game that Marcus was playing, she couldn't wait to begin.

As the night progressed, they made it through the first three episodes and Megan had two strong Jim Beam and Cokes. She was getting more and more flirty with both men and was getting hornier by the minute. She had to have someone touch her constantly. At one point, she could have sworn she felt Billy trace his fingertips down the edge of her tit while Marcus drug his fingertip up her thigh and barely grazed her already dripping slit. Shaking off the thought, Megan grabbed the blanket she kept on the couch and feigned her legs being cold. She needed to feel Marcus's fingers on her and in her. She sighed in relief when she felt Marcus's fingers slide her shorts out of the way and started toying with her engorged nub. 

Megan tried carrying on a conversation with Billy about the historical accuracy of the show while Marcus shoved first one, then two fingers deep inside her. It was getting harder and harder to focus. She was beyond euphoric with need by this point. Allowing a moan to escape her lips, she looked at Billy and licked her lips. Megan was so focused on Billy, she didn't hear Marcus say, "Billy, take her shirt off."

Billy grinned, and slowly grabbed the edge of Megan's tank top and started to slowly work it off. Inch by inch, he drank in the sight of her belly and finally her gorgeous globes as he stripped her tank top off and dropped it onto the couch cushion beside him. For having three children her belly was toned and her breasts were still pert. Looking at Marcus for permission, Billy licked his lips and placed a soft and gentle kiss on Megan's lips when Marcus nodded his head. The remnants of her drink on her breath, made Billy moan. That was one weakness they both shared was Jim Beam and Billy had chosen not to drink any of it tonight because he had desperately wanted to taste it mixed with her honey mouth. 

Groaning into Billy's mouth, Megan wrapped her arms around his neck, and shoved her tongue down his throat like an overly eager teenager. She felt Marcus's fingers pick up speed in her now sloppy wet pussy and groaned when he removed them. 

Marcus pressed himself against her back and whispered in her ear, "Get up on your knees."

Still focused on Billy's mouth giving her tongue sweet torture as well as his hands massaging her breasts, Megan slowly lifted herself up to her knees. Marcus removed her shorts and slid his head between her knees. He pulled her down to his mouth and was met with a gorgeous sight when he looked up. 

Megan had her head thrown back, mouth wide open and was moaning 'Yes' repeatedly as Marcus tongue fucked her and Billy sucked on first one, then her other tit. Grinning, Marcus slid his tongue to her clit and had no sooner pulled it into his mouth and shoved two fingers deep into her pussy that Megan screamed. She had achieved the first of, what Marcus hoped, was going to be many mind-blowing orgasms. 

The boys did not give Megan a chance to catch her breath. Still in a state of euphoria, she did not realize, that they had switched places until Megan felt a smooth face against her legs. Looking down, she saw Billy's blonde head sticking out from between her legs. He was slowly tracing his tongue all around her pussy. Savoring every drop of her essence that she had just lost with her husband. 

She then felt Marcus's 5 o'clock shadow scratching against her nipples causing her back to arch. They were sensitive at the point, and if felt glorious. Grabbing Marcus's short brown hair, Megan pressed his faced harder against her chest. She needed more. She started rocking her hips back and forth against Billy's tongue. She was desperate. She needed another orgasm and needed it to be Billy who gave it to her. 

Billy grabbed Megan's hips to hold her still and snaked the tip of his tongue around her dripping wet hole. He then slowly slid his thumb over her clit and pressed on it at her most sensitive spot and shoved his tongue deep into her cavern as far as he could. Slowly, Billy tongue fucked this sensual goddess that was moaning above him. He had dreamed about this night for so long and masturbated to the thought of things he would be able to do with her for several weeks once Marcus approached him with the idea. Those sessions resulted in some of the most powerful orgasms he had ever had. He knew he had to take things slow, or it would be over all too soon. He wanted this night to last until the wee hours of the morning. 

Megan wasn't having any of it. She started bouncing on Billy's tongue. It was a bit longer and thicker than her husbands and felt just as wonderful. She needed to cum all over his face. Pulling Marcus up to her face, Megan deeply kissed her husband as she started to feel the first waves of her orgasm hit her. He broke the kiss and started sucking on her swollen nipples savagely as Megan screamed as wave after wave thrashed her body. Billy lightly traced the tip of his tongue around her slit, causing Megan to jump. He scooped some of her own cum onto his tongue, and let it dribble onto her chest. Both men, devoured her breasts like they were starving. 

Finally eased up from the buzzing all over her body, Megan got up and grabbed her drink, downing the rest. When she turned around, both men, had stripped down, and their cocks were jerking like they had built in vibrators. Grinning, Megan knelt between Marcus's legs and slowly traced her tongue up and down his cock. As she slowly slid her mouth as far down his hot member as far as she could, she snaked her hand over to Billy's cock and started to mimic what she was doing with her mouth on Marcus, with her hand on Billy. Both men groaned at the same time with the pleasure she was giving them. Once she knew she had Marcus good and primed, Megan slid her body up his chest. Making sure his cock, slick with her saliva, slid between her tits. Marcus was expecting Megan to kiss him, instead he went straight for his ear. As she nibbled on his ear, Megan told her husband, 'I want you to fuck me from behind while I suck Billy's cock.'

Grinning, Marcus, slid further down the couch to give Megan room to get on all fours on the cushions. Once she was in position, Marcus slowly slid his throbbing cock into her hot tunnel. Groaning at how tight and wet it was. Megan met Marcus's speed with her mouth of Billy's cock. Groaning onto Billy's cock every time Marcus slid his throbbing cock into her. She knew it wouldn't take Marcus long in this position, but she desperately wanted to feel like she was on a spit. 

Megan looked at Billy and told him to get onto his knees. Grinning, Billy did as he was told, and groaned when he felt Megan's mouth wrap around his cock again. He could not help but grab her hair away from her face and watch his cock disappear into her mouth. Before anyone realized it, the men were in sync: Marcus fucking Megan in her sopping wet pussy and Billy fucking her face. Megan's entire body was buzzing. She was feeling wave after wave of her impending orgasm hit her. Marcus started fucking her harder and faster. Unable to keep up with her mouth, Megan let Billy's cock slip out and started moaning. Marcus must have hit the right spot because Megan started begging him to fuck her harder. She was meeting his trusts with her own. Screaming, Megan squirted all over Marcus's cock. Amazingly, Marcus had not cum yet, and Megan was begging for more. 

Billy looked at Marcus, and Marcus nodded for him to go ahead. Billy flipped Megan around to where her ass was pointed at his cock and shoved it into her dripping slit hard enough to cause Megan to fall forward on Marcus cock. Sucking hungrily, Megan was enjoying every moment of Billy's cock slamming into her. He filled her completely. She immediately started moaning. Her moaning sent Marcus over the edge, and he immediately filled her mouth with his cum. Not missing a beat, Megan swallowed every drop, making sure to milk it for all it was worth. Unable to handle her moaning on his sensitive head anymore, Marcus decided to back away and watch her get thoroughly fucked by another man. 

Megan looked into Marcus's eyes as Billy continued to pound into Megan's pussy. Marcus just grinned as the waves of pleasure rolled across his wife's face. He knew she would never forget this night, for they had just begun. 

Breaking eye contact, Megan looked over her shoulder at Billy and pleaded with him, "Fuck me harder Billy. I need to cum all over that cock! Grab my hips and fuck me hard baby. Give me all you got!"

Caught up in feeling Megan's pussy clench and unclench around his cock, Billy did as she asked. He grabbed her hip hard and started to pull her forcefully onto his cock while he thrust forward with all he had. She was getting wetter and wetter and Billy knew she was not far from having another earth-shattering orgasm. He wasn't far himself. Through clenched teeth Billy asked, "Where do you want me to cum?"

"I need to feel that rocket go off inside me. Fuck me until you cum and don't stop until I cum."

Nodding his head in agreement, Billy continued to punish Megan's dripping slit. She was shaking her head and moaning like a woman possessed. Marcus just sat back and grinned. He knew that Billy was in for the orgasm of his life. She was primed and beyond ready but was holding off until he was closer so they could cum at the same time. There was nothing better than a woman squirting all over your cock as your pour your seed into her. 

Fucking Megan with all he had, Billy grunted, "I'm getting ready to blow Megan. Are you ready to feel it?"

"Fuck yes!" was all he got in return. Billy did as he was asked, and even though his cock was jerking inside of her, he kept pumping. Suddenly, he felt her let go and Billy started to see stars. Somehow, feeling her squirt all over his cock while he was letting go, intensified the experience. Billy screamed and Megan screamed right behind him. She collapsed on the couch, with Billy on top of her, and started to slowly ride the euphoric train back to the station. 

Breathily heavily and looking at Marcus, Billy said, "That was fucking amazing."

Marcus grinned, and replied, "I knew what she was up to. I could tell by the evil look in her eyes. That is the most powerful orgasms I have ever had when we are able to time them just right."

From under Billy, came a somewhat breathless voice, "Can one of you men get me a drink and a smoke?"