 "Rather than going back to your place, do you fancy staying with us?" It was after dinner that evening. Joni, Cory and I were talking. Gina and Tristram had, once again, gone down to the town for the evening. 

I must have looked a bit puzzled. The walk home was hardly difficult.

"In our bed."

"Ah, I... Err, yeah... why not?"

Why not? Three in a bed sex. A new thing for me. I mean, getting into bed with two other people, was just not what I had ever done before. A fantasy, yes, but that had been with two girls, me in the middle with an arm around each and then, later, watching and feeling them doing things together before I joined in. A not atypical male fantasy - watching and then joining in with lesbian activity. But with a man and a woman? That was different. What was more when Joni turned out the light the option of watching them went with it. It was pitch black, the whirr of the air conditioning, the touch of naked flesh but not a nipple to be seen. Just a sheet over us. Three people beneath it.

What to do? How to start? I could feel Joni's hip against mine. All of a moment Joni turned and rolled up right onto me, her lips seeking mine, her tongue pushing into my mouth and her breasts squashed against my chest, my erection hard against her. It was just a bit the woman taking the initiative! French kissing, our wriggling tongues moving from mouth to mouth – penetrating each other's body. It was, for a time, as if it was just Joni and me in the bed, like Karen and me alone, but then she moved again, rolling off me and clearly turning to her husband. I turned too, pressing myself against her back and bottom as I moved a hand between them to cup a breast and feel the hard point of her nipple in my palm.

To and fro Joni turned, sharing herself between us. It was three in a bed but really 'one and one makes two' sex to start with but then it gradually changed to three. 

Feeling Joni's bottom, whilst turned to me, I found she had raised a leg permitting access between her legs. Lovely to cup the furry place in my palm before feeling Cory's hand being placed over mine with the same idea no doubt in mind. It was now three people involved. Cory and my fingers touching and feeling together. Our fingers dipping into hot, wet flesh, fingers poking inside Joni at the same time, fingers rolling her enlarged clitoris – even rolling it slowly between Cory's finger and mine. Cory and me learning how to work together rather than alone.

Again Joni turned and again the leg raised. My fingers stroked her curls as we kissed before Cory's fingers reappeared and resumed their joint play with Cory. Joni's shaking and thrusting tongue indicating how pleasurable she found the fingerwork. As our fingers pushed into her so did her tongue into my mouth.

Joni turned back to her husband necessitating the withdrawal of hands. When I felt again between her legs from under her bottom I found a pair of balls nestled in the wetness. Not of course hers! They had not been there before. Soft skin on my finger tips, soft female skin and soft male skin. Fully embedded that was all that remained of Cory's genitalia outside Joni until Cory moved back a bit and his shaft slid out. Reaching around its slick wetness I teased Joni's clit before my fingers were crushed by Cory pushing in again. Cory's penis slipped against my fingers as he worked in Joni and I tickled her clit. Joint work on Joni indeed!

Once more Joni turned to me and this time it was not just my tongue that pushed into her. A push of my penis between her legs and in I slipped. My turn instead of Cory. Wonderful! That lovely warm, slippery, soft, wet feeling as penis slides into a woman. As easy as anything - Joni had plenty of room for a single penis. I slid in as far as I could go. Just as I had done I felt Cory's hand feeling around and touching my balls, even gently rolling them in Joni's wetness and then his fingers actually encircling my shaft, clearly feeling what it was like for a penis, not his own, to be working in and out of his wife. I was thrusting up into her through his fingers - it was no longer two on two sex but all three were involved - to an extent. Only to an extent but that was about to change.

"Cory," whispered Joni, "now you too."

The hand removed and then the touch of something both smooth and firm. Not simply an involvement of a third person in sexual intercourse but the logical progression of three in the bed sex - a touching of all three genitalia together. For the three of us it would not be simply a pushing or mashing of organs together, pleasurable as that might be, but a complete joining of organs - the 'other intercourse.' Not just two penes in adjacent holes (or from a different angle, 'spit roasting' penetrating the woman orally and vaginally) but truly together, Cory and my organ in Joni's vagina.

I felt a second knob feeling its way, a second penis attempting to slip in alongside my own, squashing me against the wall of Joni's vagina, pushing its way inwards, up and up beside me, until Cory's knob was nestled up against my own deep in Joni. There, next to mine, nestling with them, I could feel another pair of balls. Between Joni's spread legs not a penis to be seen - if someone was to inspect with a torch under the sheet! - just four balls there at her sex. I felt down with my fingers, wanting to feel what I was imagining, the four balls all together. And there they were, soft and wrinkled on my fingertips and then felt Cory's fingers doing the same. Our hands moved together and we actually shook hands as we began to move in unison. A wet handshake! 

Slowly down, slowly up. The importance of working together. The ideal of the 'other intercourse,' to act as a single penis, not rubbing for pleasure against the other male organ but against the woman. Not male/male sex but male/female sex shared. Up into Joni together and down, being careful not to travel too far downwards and dislodge the shared penis. Tight yes, tight as a virgin but so moist, so delightfully moist n sensitive penile skin. In we pushed together, out we pulled. All the time Joni wriggling and sighing.

Unhurried, gentle, purposeful movement. Again I felt Joni's lips on mine and her tongue pushing into my mouth. She moved it in time with the big penis' movement in and out of her vagina. I pursed my lips and sucked on the wriggling, pushing organ, before pushing it out into her own mouth and moving my own tongue in and out in time with the steady movement of the penis. A good game, a good erotic game.

Pulling away from Joni's lips, I arched my back and brought my head down to her breasts and took a big nipple between my lips. Not as big as her tongue but nice to roll between lips and tongue all the same. It would have been good to do the same to her clit, rolling its engorged not insubstantial shape between my lips and tickling it with my tongue, but impossible to reach without disconnecting myself - just a bit!

Could I perhaps ask if I might extract myself and do just that? The idea of turning myself around and going '69' on Joni attractive. Lovely to bring my face downwards and into her fur and seek her long extended clit. Very much three in a bed sex to be doing that. Cory would still be pumping away at his wife, his wet firm organ perhaps even brushing against my nose as it moved; whilst, up above, Joni's mouth, recently vacated by my tongue, would be seeking my erection, wet and slippery with her own wetness. Cory's penis in Joni's vagina, my penis in Joni's mouth and her clit in my mouth. All three organs inserted in another person. Certainly three in a bed sex!

Perhaps Cory might slip out or even deliberately pull out and push himself forward, sliding his knob across Joni's sex towards her clit and my mouth. Me suddenly finding the male and female equivalent together, the female between my lips, the male right up against my lips and touching them. Would I open and admit the male organ as well, have both male and female together in my mouth at once? I have not sucked cock, I have never been that way inclined but... but, would it be different if sucking a clit as well?

But I was not going to ask, I felt the 'other intercourse' should be played through to completion - the formal dual ejaculations of the single cock.

Lovely to feel and hear Joni coming. Always good to have the woman come first, the pressure to hold back then removed! And good to give the woman that special pleasure. Joni made quite a bit of noise about it, exclamations about size and her need for 'big cocks.' Perhaps if it had been the year before there might have been Desmond in bed with us as well! Perhaps Desmond undertaking the first round followed by Cory and myself. All in the blackness of the room. Four in a bed sex. Three men, one woman. Weird!

Joni was still quivering but post orgasmal as the 'mighty' penis carried on its work. Slowly in, slowly out, gentle but purposeful. Men at work.

An exchange of words between the male participants, 'how close are you?' 'Not too far.' Do you wanna cum?' The agreement to 'go for it,' but to try to do it together. A steady speeding of the penis done in perfect synchronisation but much more difficult to hold as the moment of release - or perhaps 'moments' - approached.

I think we managed it, the whole exercise right down to the slowing to a stop done in unison, not a hint of one penis sliding against its fellow but all done as one sliding, at speed, inside the woman. What were not keeping together were our balls. In the heat our scrota were fully relaxed and the result was, I could feel, our two bags of skin flapping around all over the place, our balls ricocheting off the others like a fast moving game of billiards!. Flap, flap, flap, splat, splat, splat!

We lay there in the blackness in post coital stupor, sheet thrown to one side, and then I realised both Joni and Cory had dropped off to sleep. Remarkable to be lying there in a bed with two others and sexually connected to them whilst they slept. Two soft and no doubt very gooey penes in a wet and gooey vagina! Sexual intercourse is messy. Particularly messy if you bring a third organ into the play.

The next thing I knew was being aware I was in a strange bed and could hear the gentle breathing of two others. I had evidently also dropped off whilst still connected. I was no longer connected, indeed curled up on the edge of the bed away from Joni, away from her hot body. I imagined we had rolled apart pretty quickly not least because Joni would have become uncomfortable with the weight on her thigh.

It was two in the morning according to my watch. I lay there musing, the sound of insects outside coming through the open window and moonlight shining through the mosquito grill. 

It is always hot at night. The concrete of the villa seems to trap the heat. I got up knowing it would be cooler outside and, in any case, I needed to take a leak. Opening the exterior door of the villa I stepped out into the moonlight. It was pleasantly cool and I stood there listening to the sounds of the night. I was half wondering about making my naked way home. I breathed deeply and sighed quietly to myself. What a lovely place to be, what a joy to be somewhere where even the middle of the night is balmy and the air full of exotic scent.

"Lovely here." It made me jump, I had not heard Cory coming up behind me.

"Sorry, did I wake you?"

"I needed a leak too."

We stood talking quietly.

"So lovely here."

I had to agree. It was just what I had been thinking. Quite idyllic.

"Has Joni woken too?"

"Doubt it. She is a deep sleeper. Did you enjoy the sex?"

"Lovely – different in bed to outside."

"We must do it again. Do you think it's all a bit gay?"

I was momentarily surprised at his question. It had certainly occurred to me.

"What, the other intercourse? It has worried me a bit but... it is sexual intercourse with a woman, a very attractive woman if I may say so, but... I do like the feel of your cock against mine. I can't get away from that. But it is in the context of sex with a woman. A soft, feminine, shared woman. I like being erect with you and Alan. I like the easy way we just do that. I like it when erections touch. I like the shared sexuality. I like the warmth and the firmness but..."

I had erected as I spoke and, all of a sudden, feeling Cory pressing himself against me, found he had done the same. Looking down there I was, curved around him. Our erections touching the whole way up their shafts. There we were, two completely naked men in the moonlight, two naked and tumescent men, not touching except with our penes together.

"I like women. I'm not attracted to men. I like them as friends of course, good friends and all, but it's the girls not the boys for me. The feel of your cock is good. And that's nice too!" 

Cory was moving his hand slowly up and down our spooning cocks.

"I'd be happy to talk about sex and, about fucking girls with you like this and, in due course, come like that with you – a culmination of the pleasure of talking and imagining – I would be happy to do that, after all it's been a few hours since with Joni but..."

"Yeah, I feel the same." He stepped away and our penes parted. "Just what I feel. Love the penis. love sharing in the intercourse: don't fancy the man!"

We stood there for a time. Two men, both naked and erect quietly talking. Companionable, friendly and good to be excited by rather naughty chat.

"Would you like to fuck Joni again."

"In the morning?"

"No, now."

"Will she mind being woken?"

"I didn't say anything about waking her!"

"We couldn't!"

"We could! I fancy coming again. We could rub together inside Joni or out here. Which do you think?"

A touch of his knob to my own.

"Joni would be my preference!"

"Thought it might. But let's not hurry back. Nice out here. Cool."

We did not hurry inside but stood talking for a time.

There was a sound from the villa and we turned.

"Hello. Didn't expect, oh, hello, Cory, you too." It was Gina appearing out of the villa.

Nice to see her there in the dark, even nicer when she put an arm around me and I felt the touch of her curls to my thigh. There is something about a woman's fur. I am not a great fan of shaving down there, though it gives a different appearance. It makes women look like little girls to me - not that making Gina look like an underage but pubescent girl would not have had a certain je ne sais quoi! The fur is so soft and so varied. It makes you want to stroke it - like a little furry animal indeed, or a kitten in particular. Against my thigh the touch was so pleasing. The arm around me was simply casual, not a hug, just in the nature of a greeting.

"Couldn't you sleep?"

"I was hot."

We talked together. Quiet conversation in the depth of the night.

"It's so lovely here," said Gina echoing just what Cory had said, "I'm so happy Joni invited me and so glad I came. I've been nowhere like this. So quiet, so peaceful, you know. Of course I've never done the sort of things you guys do either. I mean, it's so weird. What would my boyfriend think if he knew..."

I felt the touch of her hand in the dark, fingers curling around and lifting my penis. A glance downwards showed she had her other hand around Cory's too.

"What would he think of me now? Here outside without a stitch on and a penis in each hand; what would he think of me deliberately making them swell; what would he think of me inviting two men to fuck me? Two men who, I think, have just been fucking another woman not separately, not one after another but together at the same time. You have haven't you?"

We had to admit we had.

Having your penis fondled and erected by a little black girl is a clear invitation to touch. I reached and rested my hand on the smooth skin of a buttock. Lovely to curl my fingers around and lift the cheek, fleshy and soft in my hand. Nice to slip fingers into the divide only to find Cory's already there, pleasing to slide upwards to touch her vertebrae and then across the other cheek.

"I don't know how Joni can take the two of you together."

She pulled us together. Our twin erections hot against each other but not by our own design this time.

"So much of it. What would my boyfriend think, me rubbing two cocks together like I was a Girl Guide trying to start a fire! Imagine him here as well, all three of you naked and me rubbing your cocks together. What would he think? He'd freak out at the idea."

But you don't?" I asked.

"I'm on holiday. Anything goes, I suppose. Not sure he'd see it that way. I don't think he'd like his cock rubbed against another man's."

"Ah, but would he like taking a woman jointly with a friend? If he saw others doing that wouldn't he want to try?"

Again she squeezed Cory and my erections together. Tightly together.

"I dunno... but I almost want to! Feel the size of the thing. Talk about lighting a fire. It's got me alight and I think it needs putting out. I think you're going to have to hose me."

A giggle, it was a good euphemism.

She bent her head and her tongue rasped across our squashed together knobs.

"Two firemen with their hoses, two big manly firemen if you like! Come on, whose going to be first to try and put out my fire? I'm here to be fucked."

She let go and Cory stepped forward and lifted her up and onto him. A fluid movement.

"Oh, fuck, that's good," she said.

A vigorous thrusting of his hips and Cory was well at the girl. Squelching sounds in the quiet of the night. A good sight in the moonlight albeit monochrome. All in black and white.

There was nothing to stop me holding Gina's projecting buttocks again, curling the fingers of both hands around her cheeks - so smooth - as they were thrust at my hands by Cory's bucking hips. Pleasing to slip a finger or two into the crack and tickle her bottom hole. Indeed nothing to stop me pushing my knob forward and touching or even attempting entry. After all, Gina was held and her bottom was just sticking out in my direction. I pushed.

"No!" squealed Gina, "Not there. Too big. Stop!"

"It's not your bottom I'm after," I said as my penis rubbed against Cory's thrusting erection and I pretended to be trying to get in alongside.

"You can't there's not room there either, oh! Fuck! Stop!"

"I know but let's pretend, here you are sandwiched and so full, imagine you've done it. Like Joni there are two cocks inside you. So tight, you know they are stuck in there until they come. Go on Cory, move."

As I kept myself pressed hard against both Gina and Cory, he began to move again. Sliding against my knob up into Gina.

Gina moaned. I think what I had said had got to her!

"The idea..." she said, "the idea."

Steady movement from Cory and a hard pressing from me brought her off. Nice to feel. Nice too to be part of an all male team successfully bringing the girl to orgasm. Nice to be on a mission. Nice to fantasise about a girl finding her husband or partner coming too soon and she bringing in a 'team of men' to bring her to orgasm. Two, three or four men all working on the same girl. I know some men would not like the idea but it appeals to me. All of us ensuring the girl had a really good session but equally all of us coming as well, in orifices or on skin, plenty of choice - her choice.

I presume it must be just so nice for a girl to have a cock to suck as well whilst she is being fucked. If nice to have one then why not two? One in each hand to suck alternately, each different: a big and a small one, a brown and a white one, a cut and uncut one, a big mushroom headed one or a small glansed, pointy job – there is a lot of variety for the girl!

Enthusiastic thrusting from Cory not only succeeded with Gina but clearly had the same effect on him. I could, I think, feel the pulsing of his semen up his shaft so pressed against him was I!
