 Things went much more smoothly after that. Over the course of the next month or so, word inevitably got around about Angie and me, much to the disgust of the female class body and much to the delight of the male. Of course, Angie, never one to bow to public opinion, openly flaunted it. I can't tell you how many times I caught her writing "Angie's bitch" on some part of my body or clothing while sitting behind me in class.

But I had resolved to be okay with it, and I was. It was so liberating to be able to walk over to Angie on campus, throw my arms around her, and give her a loving kiss, instead of resisting the urge as I'd done before. She obviously felt the same liberation, and it softened her hard-edged demeanor. A circle of friends even began to form around her, women and men who admired her spirit and loved her spunk the same way I did.

Amid all this, however, a loose end dangled. As much as Angie and I loved one another, neither of us was anywhere near being a lesbian. Bisexuality meant that while we loved the pussy, we would never abandon our first love...dick.

And a fine representative of our dilemma, our roommate Ryan, was ever-present in our lives. He had been the catalyst for our first bout of lovemaking, had enjoyed our bodies as we first enjoyed each other's, but although he must have noticed how close Angie and I had become, he never once seemed jealous or otherwise willing to intercede. Neither of us girls had even slept with him since that first time. We knew, however, that we had to make room for him in our relationship...but the question was, did he want us to?

Thus was the project begun. We would test him, and see how far he was willing to go with us. And if need be, we would seduce him and make him our own...our own special, shared man.

The morning it all went down, Angie and I awoke together in my room, our naked bodies pressed together, the same way we'd fallen asleep the night before after a long, delicious lovemaking session. We didn't speak for almost an hour, just stroking each other and playfully kissing, listening for our signal.

And it came, earlier than we'd expected. The clattering of cabinet doors and the clink of silverware on porcelain rang out from the kitchen. It was Ryan, engaging in his morning cereal-pouring ritual. I gave Angie a final kiss before rolling off the bed and to my feet. I padded slowly out of my bedroom and into the den, peering into the kitchen beyond.

There he was, as delicious as ever. He was dressed in nothing but a pair of worn black jogging pants, the crumpled waistband hanging low on his narrow hips. The dimples of his lower back were exposed, as was the slow rise of his firm butt. The muscles of his bare back formed a perfectly-streamlined "V," and his tanned skin shone with a healthy glow, completely without blemish.

My body immediately responded to the sight of him, my nipples tingling and my pussy moistening. Memories of his big, beautiful cock pumping inside me came flooding back in a torrent. I craved him.

He was pouring milk into a bowl of cereal that perched on the countertop when I came up behind him. I pressed my naked young body against him, wrapping my arms around his midsection and caressing his rippled abs. "I have something even tastier for breakfast," I cooed.

Ryan didn't even seem surprised. He picked up the bowl of cereal and turned around, loosening my grip on him just enough to allow it. Now my bare breasts were against his stomach and my hands caressed the small of his back.

"I don't know," he said, a playful look on his face. "I do love my cereal." His square jaw and mussed hair made him so much the cuter, as did his impish smile.

I wasn't about to argue with him, the way Angie would. I decided I would be a woman of action. So I slid down him, dropping to my knees. I took hold of his waistband and slowly pulled the ratty jogging pants down to his ankles, freeing his long, thick cock from its concealment. It was as beautiful as I remembered, and my body began to scream at me to fuck it...I only barely resisted.

For his part, Ryan simply began to eat his cereal, crunching on it in the disgusting manner only men can accomplish. I ignored it, lost in my own euphoria. After several minutes of admiring his manhood, I wrapped my hands, which seemed tiny in comparison, around his hardening shaft and began to stroke him. His skin was smooth and warm, and my baby soft palms slid easily against it. 

It took only a few seconds for Ryan's will to collapse, and he hurled his coveted bowl of cereal into the sink. He threw his head back and grabbed onto the edge of the counter, bracing himself as the waves of pleasure rushed over him. His cock grew harder with each stroke I gave it, until it finally became hard as a rock, swollen and thick and ready to deliver its cargo.

It was obvious now that I could bring him over the top anytime I wanted. Instead, I let my hands loosen and slide off his shaft, moving them to his full-hanging balls where they caressed and squeezed each of them. Ryan groaned in protest, his fully aroused dick robbed of its sweet caressings. I wasn't about to leave him unsatisfied, however.

I leaned in, his balls still cupped in my hands, and planted a dainty kiss on the bulbous tip of his dick. He groaned. After a second, I gave it a second kiss, this time opening my mouth a tiny bit wider, and allowing just a tiny bit more of the head to slide between my lips. Each time I kissed it, I let it go deeper, and each time I came away with more of the salty sweet taste of Ryan's pre-cum.

Eventually, I was accepting all of the first couple of inches of him, officially sucking his delicious manhood. He was so big that I couldn't take much more in my throat, so I released his testicles, wrapped my hands around his shaft again, and stroked the length that I couldn't suck.

"Ngh," Ryan grunted repeatedly, his long, lean body towering over me. My soft breasts rubbed against his legs as I bobbed my head back and forth. I squeezed his cock harder and harder, tugging on it as I tried to milk more and more of the sweet clear liquid out of it...or better yet, the even sweeter white liquid.

He was a man of stamina, however, and only his grunts and the slight buckling of his knees betrayed the ecstasy in which I was putting him. After a long time of this, my jaw started to ache so severely that I pulled away, removing both my mouth and hands from his swollen member. I stared up at him, rubbing my jaw and trying to look cutely pitiable.

He took a deep breath and looked down at me. Our eyes met, and he smiled, shaking his head. "Melissa," he said softly, "you are amazing."

I giggled, my hands going to my breasts, playing with them. He reached down and gripped me by the ribcage, his grip on me firm but gentle as he pulled me to my feet, then up to my tiptoes, so he could more easily kiss me.

I reached up and put my arms around his neck, pressing my naked body against his once again while we kissed like long-lost lovers.

When we finally broke the kiss, he spoke. "Here I was thinking you and Angie were getting pretty serious." His thick arms cradled me lovingly.

I put my head against his broad, smooth chest. "We are pretty serious," I said. "But we want there to be a place for you, too, Rye."

"Unless, of course, you don't like fucking the two finest pussies on campus," I heard Angie say from behind me.

Ryan chuckled. "I dunno. I have seen some pretty fine pussy around here. You saying yours is better than all the rest?" He was playing the game with Angie, that aggressive battle of wills that always seemed to turn the two of them on. As long as it got them going, I was glad, even though I was too weak-willed to participate effectively.

I suddenly felt Angie's firm, young body against my back. Her long arms snaked around my waist as her fingers found my warm pussy. She began to stroke me, pulling my labia apart and rubbing my little clit with her thumb. I pressed my forehead into Ryan's shoulder, moaning softly. When her finger found its way inside me, a little chirping gasp escaped my throat.

"Taste this," Angie demanded, "and tell me it's not the best." She slid her finger out of me and put it in Ryan's mouth. He accepted it with relish, sucking off every glistening drop of my juices.

"That's pretty damn good," Ryan admitted. "Doesn't taste like just Melissa, though...that finger's been in someone else's pussy."

"Great job, Sherlock," Angie said. "Now c'mere and fuck my baby." She jerked me away from Ryan's embrace, leading me over to the couch in the den. She bent me over the back of the couch, then knelt on the cushioned seat in front of me, her beautiful face only inches from mine.

I heard Ryan step up behind me just before I felt his hand grip me by the hips. I felt so exposed, bent over the couch with my privates presented for his inspection. I kept reminding myself that I was very close to another round of heavenly fucking, just like I'd had with Ryan and Angie before, and the thought of that sent little trickles of juice down my inner thighs.

"She's ready," Ryan grunted, smacking my bare ass. I yelped.

Angie leaned in and kissed me, the long, loving, gentle kiss that I had come to identify as the trademark of our love. "You ready to get fucked, babe?" she asked, her voice husky with desire.

"Oh yeah," I answered, barely a whisper.

Angie nodded to Ryan. "Give it to her good."

And then he was in me. Splitting my pussy open little by little, inch by inch invading my most sensitive area with his hardness. I cried out at first, the pain overwhelming the pleasure, but Angie cooed softly to me and kissed me gently until the pain became bearable.

Once it did, my pussy sent shockwaves of pleasure throughout my whole body, from my nose to my toes. I felt Ryan's balls smack against my slit, and I knew he was all the way in. I tried my best to hold that awesome moment, but Ryan was on a mission to fuck. He pulled slowly back, then thrust himself into me again...and again...and again.

I spread my legs wider, as if that might allow me to take even more of him. My hands went to Angie's firm, bare shoulders, and I used her to brace myself against falling forward due to Ryan's assault from behind. Angie nuzzled her cheek against mine, suckling at my earlobe and kissing my neck. Her calloused hands took on an almost supernatural gentleness as they held my full, swinging breasts, alternately squeezing and stroking them.

Pleasured from both ends, it didn't take long for me to go over the edge. I was out of my mind with sensation, wailing as if on fire, interrupting each stream with a little "ow" when Ryan went a little deeper than I'd expected. My orgasm exploded in a rush, and I held my breath. Angie's cheek came away from mine, and her big brown eyes, almost pools of solid black in the dim light of the room, regarded me, full of admiration and awe at the ecstasy on my face.

Ryan kept fucking me mercilessly as I came. After a long moment, pleasure surging out of every part of me, I gave in completely, releasing my breath in a long squeal that only vaguely resembled the word "yes." I felt soft lips against mine, and I melted into Angie's kiss as my body slowly recovered.

"God, Melissa," Ryan laughed, still fucking my quivering pussy. "You sure know how to compliment a guy." His iron grip on me was the only thing keeping me on my feet, as my legs had long since buckled. 

"I love watching my baby get fucked," Angie cooed, kissing me again. Then she looked up at Ryan. "But now it's my turn."

Ryan nodded, finally pulling out, leaving my little love tunnel empty and abused. I tumbled over the couch, landing face-down on the soft cushions, my naked body still tingling. Angie smacked my bare butt once before rolling off the couch and standing. She walked around to where Ryan stood and embraced him.

I forced myself to my knees, not about to miss the spectacle...and it was a spectacle. Ryan's muscular body, already covered with a sheen of sweat, was chiseled from head to toe. He was like a Greek statue, like every part of him had been mapped, shaped, and retouched until he was perfect. I could see tiny muscles playing with one another as he caressed my Angie, and his naked buttocks flexed as he pressed his still-rigid cock against her belly.

Angie appeared the very picture of dark beauty. Her long black hair cascaded down her curved back with the primal grace of a waterfall. The muscles of her long, slender legs tensed as they pushed her upward so that she might put her arms around tall Ryan's shoulders. Her body was lean, her skin taut, the light brown color of creamed coffee. In the soft morning light, her high cheekbones and slightly pointed chin gave her an immensely strong, yet unmistakeably feminine, profile.

But as beautiful as the two were separately, I saw now, as they stood together, how perfectly they complemented one another. As they stared fiercely into each other's eyes, an electricity filled the room, and I felt the realization that they shared something between the two of them...something I didn't have.

It should have bothered me, I guess; but it didn't. In fact, I was all the more turned on by the idea that I was about to see these two beautiful specimens make love. I started to gently rub my tortured pussy, cradling my own tits in the crook of my arm, becoming increasingly impatient and excited with each passing moment. I knew the relationship between Angie and me would never be truly complete without a place for Ryan.

Finally, with a single long, passionate kiss, they began. Angie bent over the couch, her beautiful face only inches from mine. I peered over her at Ryan. He was running his hands over the smooth skin of my lover's back.

He regarded me, lust smoldering in his eyes. This would be what Satan looks like, I thought at the time, so beautiful, so full of desire that he would exchange heaven for a taste of the pleasures of the flesh. If so, I was a convert.

"It's your game, Mel," he said, his voice dry. I could see him stroking his long cock, keeping it prepared for its next round. It was still slick with my juices.

I nodded, then locked eyes with Angie. "You ready, Anj?"

"Yes, babe," she panted, her breath already quickening in anticipation.

But I wasn't about to release her without a round of teasing. I offered her my bare breasts, and she dutifully took my nipple in her mouth, sucking and kissing each one in turn. A deep moan echoed in her throat, the familiar "mmm" of a hungry person being fed.

Ryan didn't seem to mind the delay. He continued to slide his hand up and down the full length of his shaft, sometimes adding a twist of the wrist at the tip. He watched Angie and me as we played with one another. I couldn't quite see, but I suspected his other hand was prepping Angie's pussy for its upcoming pounding.

"Come on, babe," Angie breathed, finally releasing my right nipple, but not without a tiny, sharp bite, "I'm so goddamn horny."

"How could I say no to my Angie," I cooed, cupping her small tits in my palms. I kissed her, then gave Ryan the nod.

His rippled abdominal muscles tensed as he forced his way inside Angie's prepared cunt. He didn't give her the few gentle strokes he had given me, instead thrusting himself into her hard. Her ass, so young and firm, even jiggled a little with every stroke. He didn't put his hands on her, instead folding them behind his back, allowing me an unimpeded view of his thick, sculpted pectoral muscles.

"Fuckkk!" Angie hissed, gritting her teeth and squeezing her eyes shut. The loud slap of Ryan's loins against her naked ass echoed repeatedly throughout the den, accompanied by the soft slurping sound of wet pussy on wet cock.

"Oh, Anj," I whispered, sliding a finger into my own love tunnel, "I love this. I love watching you."

"Goddamn right you do," Angie agreed, opening her eyes and smiling at me, her admiring gaze promising that she hadn't forgotten about me. She arched her back and stood up, raising her long arms over her head and running her fingers through Ryan's dark brown hair.

Ryan, for his part, didn't miss a beat, snaking his arms around Angie's slender waist, his hands caressing the taut skin of her firm tummy. He kept plowing her from behind, resting his chin on her brown shoulder, planting kisses all along her neck and jawline.

I rose from my crouched position, coming to a kneel that put my face directly level with angie's pert little titties. I pressed my face into her chest, kissing all along her sternum and briefly sucking on each of her hard brown nipples in turn. Her familiar taste stirred my passions in a way no other aphrodesiac could've, and I slid a second finger into myself.

"Yeah, yeah, yeah," Angie chanted, losing herself in the ecstasy of the attention she was getting from both of us. She kept saying it over and over for several minutes, a familiar look forming on her face. 

Finally, her whole body tensed, her eyes glazed, and her voice cracked. She looked down at me, her mouth hanging open as her first orgasm of the day washed over her. Ryan grunted loudly, pounding her pussy with renewed fury, locking her waist in an iron grip.

"Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!" she squealed, her cries primal and almost guttural. "Fuck me, you fucking piece of shit!" She bombarded Ryan with insults for a whole minute before falling silent again, her body going limp.

"Take that," Ryan laughed, offering one last thrust before letting go of her. Her exhausted body fell forward against me and I struggled to catch her.

"Ryan!" I yelped. "Damn it!" I pulled Angie onto me, lying back on the couch. She rested her head, hair thick with sweat, on my chest, and lay there on top of me for a long while, panting and whimpering as the last vestiges of her debilitating orgasm slowly trickled away.

"Whew," Ryan sighed, wiping the sweat from his own brow. He crossed the kitchen and headed into the bathroom, still stark naked, his massive dick still fully erect, still slick with Angie's wetness.

I watched him with undisguised lust as he toweled the sweat off himself in the bathroom doorway. Angie and I had both been thoroughly fucked by him, and he still hadn't cum. There would be plenty more dick for us to share this day, and I was growing more and more ready by the second. The beautiful woman on top of me stirred, her brown eyes meeting mine again.

"I love you, babe," she rasped, her voice still recovering from all the screaming.

I gently kissed her forehead. "Do you think you could make it back to bed?" I asked.

She didn't respond other than to pull herself away from me and stand. She took me by the hand and helped me to my feet also. We put our arms around one another's waist and walked side-by-side to my bedroom. Before we disappeared inside, Angie turned and made a "come hither" motion toward Ryan with her hand.

He didn't miss the signal, giving her a nod. Angie lay me down on my bed and slid in beside me. We lay together naked, kissing and caressing while we waited for Ryan to come pleasure us again.

Our wait was short. Ryan appeared in the doorway, the soft light from the den behind him transforming him into the crisp silhouette of a young, fit man. He put one arm on the door frame and leaned on it. After only a moment, a smile touched the corners of his mouth and he moved forward, joining our embrace on the bed.

We lay him on his back, our four hands caressing his naked male body, each of us taking her turn at stroking his long, still rock-hard dick. Angie positioned herself beside him, her head on his shoulder, and the two began kissing, leaving me to do as I willed with the cock.

And what I willed was to fuck it again. I rose to my knees, straddling Ryan's hips, and slowly lowered myself onto him. At first, my tight pussy resisted him, but with more and more pressure, his dick finally slipped in. I gasped with surprise and delight, slowly fucking the scant two inches of dick that was inside me, doing the best I could to prepare to take even more of him.
