 Following my earlier story about my room mate and peoples positive responses I thought I'd share with you my further fantasies about Tina & Ben.

Tina, Ben and I are having a quiet evening in together just sitting drinking some wine and watching the TV. The three of us are so comfortable together now that Tina and I are kinda curled up on the sofa together stroking each other’s bodies through our clothes and as the alcohol kicks in we soon find ourselves kissing, cuddling and stroking each other fooling around and putting on a little bit of a show for Ben. 

Tina gets up, ostensibly to go get us a fresh bottle of wine. After disapearing for five minutes she returns wearing only a silky pair of panties, a bra, suspender belt and hold-ups. Ben's jaws drop as she comes back in. My eyes feast on her beautiful body, her curvy hips, firm breasts and her long legs. Tina looks so sexy with just her underwear on and a pair of slutty stripper style platform heels. 

‘Get on your knees bitch’ Tina orders and I get off the couch and kneel in front of her. She steps toward me; her silky panty covered pussy just inches from my face now – so close I can smell her sticky aromatic wetness. She tilts my face up so that I am looking deep into her eyes. ‘Now you slut she says you are gonna do everything just how I tell you to or there is gonna be trouble’ and she slaps me across my face – not hard but just so it stings a little. 

I am so excited now that I can only murmur an affirmative response. She lowers her hands to her panties and pulling her gusset aside slides a couple of fingers into her glistening pussy. She starts to slowly slide them in and out of her hot hole before removing them. ‘Now lick my fingers you slut’ she orders before forcing her sweet juice covered digits into my mouth. They taste so delicious and musky and I feel myself getting wetter. Out the corner of my eye I see Ben unzipping his fly and starting to stroke his lovely cock. 

Tina removes her fingers from my mouth and sits herself down on the edge of the sofa. She pulls aside her panties and grabs the back of my head, forcing it down between her thighs. I feel her wetness against my lips as she pushes my face down onto her pussy. I flick my tongue out tasting her and breathe deeply, inhaling that hot pussy smell – all musky and strong. I start to lap at her pussy, tasting it, savoring the sweet stickiness. I kiss her clit and feel it swell to my touch as I suck it into my mouth. 

Tina gasps as I start to swirl my tongue around her engorged bud and then take it ever so gently between my teeth and nibble on it. It swells further and I kiss and lick it gently as she moans in ecstasy. 

All the time she is moaning she is calling me filthy names telling me to eat her, telling me how much of a slut I am. She pulls her luscious pussy lips apart and tells me to stick my tongue deep inside her and I obey willingly. Now she tells me that she wants me to use my tongue to fuck her and she gasps as my long tongue snakes up inside her sticky wet cunt. 

I start to use my tongue like a little hot cock, sticking it in and out of her, fucking her with it. She is obviously enjoying this as she grabs my hair and starts to force my head down on her so that my tongue is dipping in and out of her sopping wet pussy. She is soon thrashing wildly, and screaming my name – ‘fuck me Charlotte’ she yells, ‘fuck me you dirty little slut’. 

I soon have a couple of fingers eased into her dripping pussy and I begin to drill them in and out of her sticky wet hole. I feel her pussy juice running down over my fingers and I start to lick it off my hand; it tastes so sweet and good. My face is sticky with her juices as I lower my face back down to her pussy and begin to suck and nibble again on her swollen red hot clit. This is becoming too much for her and she tells me to get my fingers out of her pussy. 

'Ok now she says now I’m gonna cum all over your slutty face', she tells me . She grabs my hair again and forces my head down between her legs pressing her pussy to my mouth and grinding it against me as my tongue flicks out to lash and explore her quivering snatch. She presses me harder onto her clit as my tongue again slides up inside her tight sticky cunt. I feel her begin to quiver and her hips start to buck and arch as she presses me against her pussy. 

My tongue is deep inside her exploring her hole as she starts to moan and thrash around on the sofa. ‘I’m cumming’ she almost screams as I suddenly feel her pussy tighten and quiver before her juices begin to gush all over my face. I feel her sticky sweetness dribbling over my lips and running down my neck and between her thighs, pouring from her like a river of sticky sweet nectar. 

As her thrashing subsides she tells me to clean her up. Soon my tongue is running up and down her thighs licking up her precious juices and sliding into each fold and crevice of her pussy, searching out each remaining drop.  

Ben is still sitting stroking his cock in the corner and after a short recovery Tina gets up and walks over to him and takes his cock into her mouth. It's so horny watching her suck on his luscious thick cock. I watch her lick tenderly round the tip of his prick before taking it deep in her mouth, smearing lipstick down the length of his meaty cock. She begins slowly wanking him into her willing mouth as she swirls her tongue around his prick and smiles dirtily as he quickly shoots a milky load into her hungry mouth.

Tina comes over and gives me a kiss letting me taste Bens salty cum before she wanders out the room again and this time returns with a surprise for me – a huge black strap-on dildo. She orders me to get on my knees again. This time she is waving the thick rubber cock in my face. ‘Ok slut’ she says ‘now I want you to suck my cock, I know you’re dying to you filthy whore’. This is such a turn on for me; there is something so much sexier about a girl with a strap on than a real cock. 

Tina grabs my hair, ‘what are you waiting for you slut, swallow it’ she orders. With that she grabs my hair and forces me down onto the cock. I take it in my mouth as she forces it deep into my willing, waiting mouth. She starts to use my mouth like a pussy, fucking it with her big black dildo. 

I look into her eyes as she forces me to swallow the dildo deep into my mouth. She is grinding her pussy against the strap-on as she fucks my throat all the while calling me her filthy slut, her little tramp, urging me to swallow more of the rubber cock. I would never let a guy be as rough as this but with a woman I love the feeling of being completely in their control and it makes my pussy moisten immediately.

‘Ok you slut’ she says ‘now get on all fours’. I do as she says I know that she is gonna fuck me now and I feel my pussy get wet with anticipation. ‘Mmmmm’ she moans ‘your pussy is so wet already hun, nice and slippery for my big cock’. She then tells Ben to get himself hard again and get his cock in my mouth. 

I feel Tina take an exploratory lick, her tongue feels so good and so wet on my hot pussy, then I feel the sensation of the dildo pressed against my slippery wet opening and as she presses in I feel it slide deep into me. She starts to fuck me with real deep long tender strokes, stretching my tight wet pussy. The cock is so much bigger than I thought and I gasp at the size of it as it stretches me, filling my pussy so sweetly.

I motion for Ben to come over and I start to lick tenderly round the tip of his luscious thick prick. I lick the palm of my hand and wrap it round his cock and start to wank him gently as I continue to kiss and lick the tip of his cock. My hand slides up and down his thick shaft milking him into my mouth as I continue to lick and suck on his cock, tasting his deliciously salty pre-cum. 

Tina starts to thrust deeper and harder into my pussy. It is so dripping wet now that it swallows the plastic cock with ease. She starts to build her rhythm, thrusting the dildo deeper into me. Grinding her pussy against the other end of the dildo as she buries it deep into my wet and wanton pussy. 

I feel my juices start to dribble down my thighs as she plunges the dildo deeper and deeper into me. Feeling her exquisitely warm soft flesh press against me as she pushes the cock full into me. She reaches round now and starts to stroke my clit, it feels amazing it is so swollen now that every flick and brush of her fingers sends shockwaves through my pussy. Soon I am moaning noisily, Ben's cock still filling my hungry mouth. 

As Tina continues to pound my sticky pussy I hear her spit and feel a blob of saliva land right between my ass cheeks, then her finger is there massaging the saliva into my ass - her fingers brushing my tight bud. It feels so good, and even better when she dips her finger into my hot dark asshole. 

I bite my lip, loving the intense feelings of pleasure and pain that it causes. She starts to work her finger into me, stretching my ass, filling me with pleasure. She spits again and this time I feel the saliva dribble into my hot ass, the feeling is so sexy and so dirty I feel like I might cum right there and then. Soon she has her finger back in my ass and slowly stretching me she inserts a second. The feeling is incredible. 

Tina starts to slowly pump her fingers in and out of me in alternate rhythm to the dildo in my pussy. It feels so good and yet so slutty being taken like this. I am so close to cumming now that I am quivering with each thrust of the dildo and plunge of the fingers. I feel so stretched and open as she fucks me. She is telling me how nasty and slutty I look as I lick and suck on her boyfriends cock. I am so close to cumming now that my whole body is shaking with the sensations building deep in my ass and pussy. 

Tina hears my groaning and realizes I am close to cumming and she wants me to wait. She has decided to change position and she sits herself on the sofa, encouraging me to come sit astride her and impale my quivering pussy on her strap-on.  I lower myself onto the rubber cock letting it fill my aching pussy. I start to bob up and down on the rubber cock, kissing Tina passionately, desperate for the relief of my orgasm. 

Tina tells Ben to come over and make himself useful. The next sensation I feel is Ben's warm hard cock pressed against the opening of my tight dark asshole. I murmur an affirmative response and feel the head of his cock press against my tight bud. My ass is still sticky and wet from Tina's attentions and I feel his cock slide past my tight sphincter into my dirty little ass. I let out a squeal as he presses in - his thick cock feels so huge in my tight dark ass. 

He starts to press into me, stroking his cock gently in and out of my ass. I lower myself onto Tina's strap-on just letting it fill me while I concentrate on the wave of feelings being generated by Ben's lovely cock. Shortly Ben is thrusting deeper and harder into my ass. It feels so good being split open on Ben's cock like this - my pussy and ass stuffed to burst. I can feel Ben's balls slapping against my pussy as he starts to pound my throbbing ass, impaling my sweet little butt on his thick cock. 


I am moaning deeply now, my pussy and ass sore but quaking with pleasure. Using a free hand Ben reaches round and starts to play with my clit. His touch is slightly rougher than Tina's but the way he is rubbing and gently pinching my swollen clit feels amazing. My senses are overwhelming me and my orgasm is coming. I am moaning deeply and so turned on. I want to hold on but I feel my orgasm rising. 

Responding to my squeals of pleasure Tina thrusts deeper and harder with her dildo. This drives me crazy, Tina and Ben are both fucking me so hard and deep, her in my pussy, Ben balls deep in my ass. Electric shocks of pleasure course through my body and soon my pussy is quaking as I start squirting all over Tina's thick rubber cock. My pussy juices cascading out of me, flowing down my thighs and into her lap. 

My groaning and gushing sends Ben over the edge and I feel his twitching cock start to shoot his seed deep in my ass. He withdraws his cock, letting his thick hot semen shoot into and over my gaping asshole. 

I collapse onto the floor my pussy and ass still throbbing and quivering. I quickly am aware of Tina's hot tongue on my ass - lapping up Ben's hot load. She is desperately seeking it all up and as I feel her tongue start to snake up inside my gaping ass I come a little again.

After a little breather we all head upstairs for a shower and another session in bed, but that story will have to wait for another day...