 "I saw you watching Danny tonight across the dining room table..." Ted told Patti with a wink as they got ready for bed. It had been a long day and it was almost 11:00pm. 

Patti did like what she saw when she looked at Danny, wondered what it would be like to suck his cock and have him fuck her. Ted didn't mind that she liked to play, in fact it turned him on that she liked to have fun in the bedroom. She loved playing, sucking cock and fucking, there were some days she couldn't get enough. She had a very high sex drive and Ted was okay with that. He loved to watch her have fun and enjoy herself, he got off on it, getting turned on to hear her moaning and begging to be fucked. Danny was Ted's good friend and had needed a place to stay, so they had rented him the spare room.

He was getting a little horny himself, Patti and Ted shared everything. She was bi and he was okay with that. He was bi curious and she wanted to watch him lick and suck a hard cock and take a guy's cum.

"Danny likes what he sees when you bend over in those tight short skirts baby girl..." Ted said as he gets changed into his pj's and laid down on the bed.

"Oh does he???" she asked innocently, knowing she was doing that on purpose.

"You know damn well he noticed..." he said teasing her. Suddenly from Danny's room they could hear sounds of moaning. "Did you hear that???" Ted asked looking at Patti.

"Yeah...sounds like somebody is moaning...maybe he's jacking off." Patti said getting up and walking over and putting her ear to the wall. "He's watching a porno...sounds like two guys..."

"Honey, you shouldn't listen...it's rude..." Ted said imagining Danny in the next room jacking his hard cock as he watched two guys suck each other. 

"I've got an idea!" Patti says walking back over to the bed, Ted chuckles wondering what she is up too now.

"Okay what is it?" he asks almost afraid to know. One thing he loves about her is her imagination, how wild she can be. "Out with it baby...what are you thinking."

"Well...since he seems to be watching two guys...maybe he'd like to play with us tonight." she said as she pulls her nightie off and discards it. "I'm getting so horny baby, I need cock bad..." she tells Ted with a little pout. 

"Honey, when aren't you horny???" he asks her with a chuckle.

"Baby...it's been almost five days since we made love..." she tells him as she lays down next to him and starts to play with her nipples. He does like to watch her play. 

"Well...I guess I could just "walk in on him" and see what happens. Ted said liking the idea, wondering if Danny likes guys too. It would seem he would watching gay porn. "Why don't you start to play baby girl and I'll see what I can do..." Ted says as he gets up off of the bed.

"Okay..." she tells him, picturing Ted sucking Danny's cock. There had been a couple of times the past week Patti had noticed Danny's cock through his jeans. It didn't hurt that she wore those short skirts,stockings and lacy panties. Ted leaves the room as Patti reaches for the Strawberry flavored oil, jumping up from the bed she runs into the bathroom and grabs a huge beach towel and lays it down on the bed. She hopes it gets soaked tonight. Laying back down on the bed she gets comfortable,

she slowly drizzles the oil onto her pussy. "Oh yes..." she moans as she rubs it onto her bare,naked pussy.

"Oh yeah...suck that cock..." Ted hears Danny saying to the guy in the movie, he decides he will give Danny a couple of minutes before he walks into the room. Standing out in the hall Ted listens to the sounds of male moaning as the guy in the video get's his cock sucked. Ted figures if they play this just right he'll get to suck some cock tonight. He has always wanted to do that and to be able to do that with Patti would be such a turn on for them both. "Damn...I wish I had someone to suck my cock..." Danny said from the other side of the door. This was turning Ted on, he could feel his cock start to get hard. He stood there and listened for a couple of more minutes,taking his cock out and stroking himself.

Taking a deep breath Ted opens the door and walks in, Danny grabs his jeans and tries to cover himself up. But not before Ted saw his hard cock in his hand. "Oh man I'm sorry..." Ted said pretending he didn't know Danny was jacking off.

"Uh...I was...uh just...uh..." Danny said trying to explain what he was doing. He started to turn the movie off.

"Leave it on...I think it's hot two guys sucking each other off." Ted said still looking at Danny's cock.

"You do?" Danny asked, wondering if he had got lucky. Ted left the bedroom door slightly ajar and walked over to the bed. "You like guys???" Danny asked looking at Ted.

"I've always been bi-curious, wanting to suck a cock and have a guy suck me." Ted said as he sat down on the bed next to Danny.

"Yeah??? Me too, just something about it makes me so hot." Danny admitted to his friend. "This is the main reason I'm getting divorced the wife found some gay mags I had hid in the garage."

"I'm game if you are..." Ted told him as he reached over and took Danny's cock in his hand.

"Hell yeah!" Danny said wondering what it would feel like to have his friend suck his cock.

Ted starts to stroke Danny's hard cock, as Danny turns the video back on. "Say...why don't you lay next to me and we can both do some stroking." Danny suggest, Ted undresses and lays down next to Danny. "Have you ever sucked a cock before?" Danny asks as he takes Ted's hard cock and strokes him up and down.

"No...Patti and I had met a couple of guy's off of Craigs list and we all got together but in the end the guys didn't want to suck cock or have a guy suck them off." Ted explained loving the way his cock was feeling in Danny's hand. 

"I love the way you're stroking my cock..." Danny admits, his wife wouldn't even stroke his cock when they had sex. She just expected him to get a hard on, fuck her and be done with it. "Yeah just like that..." Danny says loving how Ted was making his cock feel.

"You're making me feel pretty good too..." Ted said as he could hear Patti in the next room playing with her toys. He had left the bedroom door open on purpose so Danny could hear her.

Patti didn't hear much noise coming from Danny's room as she slid a finger in her hot, wet pussy as she used her mini magic wand. "Ooohhh...yes..." she moaned loudly as she moved it over her pussy. Putting another finger inside of her wet slit she felt how wet she was, fucking herself she took her fingers out of her pussy and licked the wetness. "Mmmmm..." she moaned as she tasted her pussy. She reached into the bedside table and found her favorite dildo a 7"inch long and 1 ½ around life like cock. She loved fucking herself with it or when Ted would fuck her with it as she sucked his cock.

"Can I suck your cock Ted?" Danny asked as Ted continued to stroke his cock, it was feeling so good.

"Uh...yeah sure if you want..." Ted told him, Danny bent over Ted's crotch and stroked his cock some more, he stuck his tongue out and gently licked Ted's cock. It wasn't bad, it was different. He took the head of Ted's hard cock into his mouth and gently sucked him. Danny was liking this, he could get used to sucking cock.

"Oh yeah..." Ted said as he continued to stroke Danny's cock. Danny was a pretty good cock sucker..

Ted could hear Patti in their bedroom, moaning as she plays. "Um...say Danny let's go into my room and all three of us have some fun." Ted suggested having a feeling Patti was fucking herself with her favorite toy.

Danny pulled away from Ted's cock, "Do you really want too?"

"Yeah, Patti would love to watch us sucking each other..." Ted said standing up and grabbing his pj's off of the floor. "Come on she will love it and she'll suck your cock..."

Ted and Danny walk into the bedroom, Patti is laying on the bed with her hand between her legs.

Danny felt a bit strange seeing his friend's girlfriend naked. "Are you ready to play baby girl?" Ted says as he walks over to the bed, bends down and kisses her.

"Oh yes...I'm always ready to play...hi Danny..." she says noticing Danny standing in the door way.

"Come on in don't be shy..." she says as she continues to tease her pussy. "I don't bite...honest..." she says as she brings her wet fingers to her mouth and licks her wetness from them.

"Hon, Danny needs some attention..." Ted says as he takes his pj's off and lays down on the bed.

"He needs a good blowjob..." 

Patti gets up off of the bed and walks over and takes Danny by the hand walks him over to the side of the bed so Ted has a good view. "Why don't you get naked too..." Patti says as she gets to her knees

in front of Danny. Danny removes his robe as she reaches up and strokes his cock.

"Yeah..." Danny says at the touch of her hand on his hard cock. His wife wasn't really into giving blow jobs, she did it once in awhile but Danny could tell she didn't like it. 

"Show Danny how good a cock sucker you are baby girl..." Ted tells her as she starts by flicking her tongue over the head of Danny's cock. "Are you my slut???" Ted asks as he watches her lick the head of Danny's cock.

"I'm your slut baby..." she takes the head of his cock into her mouth, bobbing her head up and down on his loving the feel of a nice hard cock in her mouth. She could suck cock all day and never get tired of it. She suddenly takes his cock deeper making him gasp, knowing Ted was watching her every move.

"Fuck...she is good Ted...just like you said..." Danny said as he grabs her head and pushes his cock deeper into her mouth.

"Good girl...suck him good..." Ted says as he lays there watching her give his friend a blow job as he strokes his hard cock. "Suck his cock slut...make it good for him..." he tells her knowing she loves it when he calls her a slut makes he super horny. 

Patti is loving the feel of Danny's cock in her mouth as she moans around his cock, she is so hot and horny she needs to get fucked. "She doesn't mind when you call her that?" Danny asks wanting this to last. 

"No, she loves it..." Ted says watching Danny slowly start to fuck her mouth. "Suck his cock like it is your first time baby..." he tells her.

She reaches down and strokes his balls, taking the head of his cock out of her mouth she licks and nibbles her way to his balls, she can hear Danny moaning. "Oh yeah...lick it..." he says as she takes his balls into her mouth one at a time. 

"Suck that dick baby...I love to watch you suck a hard cock..." Ted says knowing she is getting hotter by the minute he can see her hard nipples. "You like Danny's hard cock??? You want him to fuck you slut???" Ted asks her knowing what her answer will be. All she can do is nod her head as she continues to suck his balls and stroke his cock. She could get used to them having playtime with Danny. She would love to feel them both giving her their hard cocks at the same time. Sucking one cock while the other fucks her pussy. 

"Fuck...not gonna take me long this first time..." Danny moans as she licks her way back to the head of his cock. "Suck it...make me cum..."

"Fuck her mouth...give it to her..." Ted tells Danny as Patti takes his cock all the way down her throat, feels him fucking her mouth. "Take it slut...make him cum...swallow his cum but save some for me..." Ted can't wait to feel Danny sucking his cock while he plays with her tight wet pussy. 

"She's good...yeah...suck the cum out..." he says breathing heavy he has never had a blow job like this. His wife was never this good, she did it not because she liked it but to do it and get it over with.

Now he could tell Patti LOVED sucking cock he could tell just by the way she got into it. Sucking and licking his cock all over. His wife didn't like taking and swallowing cum either she would always spit it out. Ted was one lucky man Danny thought to himself as he felt his balls tighten up, he was going to cum soon. He wanted to watch her swallow his cum, then share it with Ted. The more he thought about sucking Ted's cock and taking his cum the more he liked the idea. Maybe he was bi he sure did like the idea of sucking cock. "Oh yeah..." he moaned as he fucked her face, giving her his cock.

"Do it baby girl...suck the cum out of his cock..." Ted says watching Danny's hard cock sliding in and out of her hot mouth. Ted stops stroking his cock, he wanted to save his cum for Danny, feel his cum spurting into Danny's mouth. He wanted to eat her sweet tight pussy as Danny sucks him, making her cum the same time he gives Danny his cum. That would be a dream come true. They were finally realizing their dreams, they had talked about this a lot and now it was coming true. 

Danny grabs her head tightly and pounds his cock into her mouth. "Take it...oh fuck...take my cum!!" Danny says as he feels his hard cock explode in her mouth, she pulls back and takes his cum into her mouth. "Yeah...yes...take it all..." 

"Don't swallow baby...share it with me..." Ted says as she stands and leans over and kisses Ted, he can taste her and Danny's cum. It tasted so good, he loved it. He knew from the taste of Danny's cum he was going to love sucking Danny.

Danny sat down on the edge of the bed and tried to catch his breath..."You are one lucky man Ted, she is great...I loved it." 

"I told you she was good...she loves sucking cock and fucking...she will try almost anything..." Ted replied. She lays down on the bed, trying to rest for a minute.

"I want to watch you suck Ted's cock Danny..." Patti tells Danny as she pinches her hard nipples.

She could feel the wetness between her legs, she slid her hand down to her pussy. "Suck his cock and make him cum..."

Danny lays down on the bed between Ted's spread legs and takes Ted's cock in his hand, stroking him. Danny can't believe he is really doing this, laying on a bed with his best friend and the friend's girlfriend. He had to admit he liked playing with Ted's cock, and he liked the taste of it too.

"Nice tits baby..." Ted says bending over and licking and nibbling her nipples, he loved doing that.

Feeling her hard nipples in his mouth, flicking his tongue across them. Hearing her gasp as he gently bit on her right nipple. "I sure do love the girls..."

"I love how you play with them..." she told him as she spreads her legs. She watches as Danny licks the head of Ted's hard cock. "Take it in your mouth...lick him all over..." she tells Danny.

Danny takes Ted's cock into his mouth, loving the way it felt. He could get used to this,he liked sucking cock but he would always love the ladies. It was exciting nibbling cock, feeling the hardness in his mouth. 

"Suck me..." Ted says watching Danny sucking his cock. For it being Danny's first time sucking cock he was pretty good. Patti would always be the best but Danny was good too. Ted reaches over and starts to rub her pussy.

"Feel good honey...Danny sucking your cock..." Patti says as Ted slides his fingers into her wet folds, feeling how wet she is. She moans as he rubs her clit, she is so horny. 

"Flick your tongue across the head of his cock he loves that..." she tells Danny.

"Straddle my face baby girl..." Ted tells her "I want to eat your sweet pussy..."

Patti straddles Ted's face, he pulls her pussy down to his mouth. She grabs the head board of the bed. He spreads her pussy lips with his fingers, seeing how wet she is. Patti jerks at the first touch

to her pussy, he licks her pussy lips slowly taking his time as he holds her open.

Danny glances up and see's Patti straddling Ted's face, he likes what he sees. He wouldn't mind fucking her one day. 

Ted loves the taste of her pussy juices, he could eat her everyday and never get tired of it. He starts to gently fuck her slit with his tongue. Putting his tongue as deeply inside of her as he can. He moans as he sucks her pussy. He loved the feel of eating her and getting his cock sucked at the same time. He starts to fuck his cock into Danny's mouth. Feeling Danny stroking his balls, Danny licks his way to Ted's balls. He is loving this eating his lady's sweet pussy and his best friend sucking his cock.

Patti is in Heaven she loves when Ted eats her pussy, he knows just how to make her feel good.

He flicks his tongue across her clit, making her moan in pleasure. Ted does know how to make her cum all over his face. Her love juices taste so good he licks as deep inside of her as he can.

Danny reaches down and strokes his cock, feeling it getting hard. He is loving the feeling of a hard cock deep in his mouth. In and out he takes Ted's hard cock, tasting precum. He moans around the cock in his mouth wanting to feel Ted cum in his mouth.

"Oh...yes...lick me baby..." Patti tells him as he sucks on her sweet pussy lips, she always thought they were too big, but he loves being able to suck them into his mouth. He is moaning as he slips two fingers into her slit. He did it so gently she gasps at the feel of his fingers inside of her. Ted knows how to drive her crazy and make her cum. He wants it to last awhile, make her explode. He can tell she is getting super turned on she is grinding her pussy into his mouth. "Yeah...oh baby yes just like that..."

He pulls his mouth away from her so he can finger her deep, after all these years she is still as tight as when they first met. He loved to feel the insides of her pussy, wanting to sink his cock deep into her.

The way Danny was sucking his cock he might cum before he can bury his cock inside of Patti.

Patti loves the way Ted makes her feel when they make love, he is the best she has ever had. He tries to lap all of her sweet juices up as he continues to finger her. "Harder...fuck me harder baby...make your little slut cum..." she begs him trying to take his fingers deeper inside of her. 

Ted can tell she is getting close, she is breathing heavy, moaning as he fucks her. "Do it baby cum for me..." he tells her knowing it won't be long. Danny is sucking his cock like his life depended on it.

Ted wanted to bring Patti off so they both could lay back and watch Danny suck cock. They wanted to watch Danny take Ted's cum and swallow it. "Cum for me baby...cum..." he tells her as she suddenly tenses up.

"So close baby...don't stop..." she moans as he fingers her as hard and as fast as he can knowing this will bring her off hard. He wants to taste her cum as she explodes. She is grunting and moaning shaking as she finally explodes. "Oh God I'm cumming baby...don't stop!" She screams as she climaxes hard.

Ted holds her tightly as she cums, feeling her whole body shaking. "Oh fuck! That was great baby..." Patti says as she moves away from Ted and lays down on the bed, still trying to catch her breath she snuggles up next to him. He leans over and kisses her gently. 

"Did ya cum babe?" Ted asked her with a wink.

"Oh yes...thank you honey I really needed that." Patti said as she watches Danny sucking Ted's cock in and out of his mouth. "Oh yeah Danny...suck Ted's cock..." she tells Danny all he can do is moan around the cock in his mouth. "does that feel good honey, Danny sucking your cock?" She asked just staring at Danny. He seems to like it, maybe he is bi after all.

"That's it buddy suck my cock..." Ted says watching Danny taking his cock as deep as he could.

Danny licks and nibbles the sensitive underside of Ted's cock, making him moan in pleasure. "Take it..." Ted said as he grabbed Danny by his head and started to fuck his mouth. Patti was loving this watching Danny sucking her man's cock. 

"Do it baby fuck his mouth...ram your hard cock in his mouth." Patti says as she reaches down and fingers her still wet pussy, she brings her wet fingers to her mouth and sucks her juices from her fingers.

Danny pulled away for a second to catch his breath, he was loving this. He had always wondered what it was like to suck another mans cock. Now he knew and he liked it, hoping this wouldn't be the last time they all played together. 
