 I remember when my co-worker Tom and I finally arrived at our convention at Niagara Falls last year. We had been planning this trip for almost a year and if all went well we would have some sales contracts that would give us both a hefty commission. We got up early after breakfast and began setting up the small exhibit of contracting products. We spent the morning making sure all the products were working and information materials were arranged for easy access.

Around noon the exhibit opened, and we began to meet and greet a variety of contractors. Things seemed slow the first hour and I started to panic but then something happened. It was as if a flood gate had opened and until about six that evening we were so busy we could hardly keep up with all of the orders and inquiries.

Spending another hour or two packing things up we were both dead tired. We went straight back to our hotel and decided to have a couple drinks in the bar. Tom had picked out our hotel and made all of our travel arrangements for this leg of our eastern trip on advice from a friend of his. The hotel was a gorgeous older hotel that had a breathtaking view of Niagara Falls.

I noticed as we entered the bar that several of the other salesmen from our convention were staying here as well. I thought that was unusual since it was a bit of a drive from the convention hall but figured there must have been a good deal on the room rates.

A couple of the guys joined us and we realized not everyone had been as successful as we had been. I was kind of surprised though that they didn't seem more upset. They were all pretty upbeat saying they couldn't wait to come back next year and one or two mentioned they already had their hotel reservations.

Tom and I finished our beers and decided to call it a night. We took the elevator to the tenth floor and walked to our rooms. Tom was a little down the hall but before he left he stopped by my door. Tom smiled and looked over at me and said, "Hey don't forget to order something from room service. I booked this place cause I heard they have an incredible menu."

Smiling at him, I just nodded yes as I closed my door. I walked back and sat down at the television. Picking up the remote control I flipped through some channels but nothing really caught my eye. I realized as I got to the initial television menu that there was actually a room service menu on the television.

Bored and a little tired, I started to open the room service menu thinking maybe ordering up some food wouldn't be so bad after all. The menu was divided into lots of food categories, American, Mexican,Chinese,Japanese,French,Russian,Greek, and Salt and Pepper. Smiling at the salt and pepper category I just laughed and opened the Mexican menu first . 

When the screen cleared after clicking on the icon I noticed a row of pictures of women, all with black hair, brown eyes, with a Hispanic look. Thinking this was odd I clicked on one of the girls' pictures and it turned into a video clip. In a Spanish accent, she started talking about how she was hot and how she would like to fulfill all my fantasies as she slowly disrobed. My mouth fell open as I realized now why my friend told me to order room service.

Catching my breath and feeling my groin tighten I continued flipping through the different menus. After about 20 minutes, my cock was peaking through the top of my jeans practically and rock hard. I finally got to the salt and pepper category and I saw pairs of gorgeous white and black women. There were women with ivory creamy white to lightly tanned skin and some with varying shades of brown from very dark to very light brown skin.

The thought of not only being with two women, but one white, and one black, almost made me cum in my pants. Standing up I turned off the television and went to the shower and slowly masturbated while fantasizing about my two ladies and what would happen with them.

Afterwards, I pulled on a pair of shorts and walked back to the living room grabbing a cola and some pretzels from the food service bar. Unable to sleep as it was only about 10:30 and knowing that tomorrow I would be leaving to another hotel further east for the next exhibition, I played with the remote thinking about how exciting it would be to order room service.

Finally curious and aroused I turned to the room service menu again. I read the directions and it stated that the fee will be on my bill as room service. Thinking about how that would be easy to explain to my boss when I sent in my expense report I scanned further down the instructions.

It stated that all room service meals were $100 except salt and pepper was $200. It seemed like a lot of money but then I remembered that we had approval for throwing a small cocktail party to entertain clients if needed. I decided at that moment with an executive decision a cocktail party was needed.

Slowly, I clicked on the salt and pepper category again. The 5 pairs of beautiful women came onto view on the large television screen. I felt my cock starting to stir again. I skimmed through the pictures once again and finally decided on a tall leggy blonde with long layered hair and big blue eyes. Her full breasts were pink tipped and her narrow waist went down to slightly full hips with a soft triangle of light brown pubic hair. 

The other girl was of the same height with a shade of warm brown skin with large brown doe eyes and long black layered braids which teased her skin just above her full rounded ass cheeks. Her breasts were full and upturned with caramel tipped breasts and she had a very small strip of black curly pubic hair. Pressing on their pictures the transaction took place and a message lit the television screen stating that room service would be delivered within the hour.

Grabbing a beer from the fridge I walked out to the balcony, both nervous and excited, as I imagined what all would happen with the two beautiful women. I quickly downed the first beer and decided to go the bathroom to freshen up. While there, for the first time noticed that there was an entire jar of condoms of all shapes and sizes on the counter.

I smiled as I sifted through them thinking I hadn't even noticed them when I had been in there before. I sifted through the jar and found a couple I liked and placed them in my pocket.

I walked back to the other room, my mind still racing, and decided to grab another beer and sit back and start to unwind. I closed my eyes for just a few minutes and let myself relax against the large sofa. Before long I heard a knock on my door. Setting the beer down, I nervously walked across the room and slowly opened my door to the site of two beautiful women.

They both smiled up at me as they slowly walked inside. They both were wearing fitted silk sheath dresses with little straps at the shoulders and a pair of spiked high heels. I slowly appraised the two of them when I realized my poor manners. I offered them a drink and they both asked for a glass of wine. Feeling still a little shaky I walked over to the bar fixing them their drinks.

Not really knowing how to begin, I just stared in awe at them as I handed them their drinks. They just smiled at me and asked if I would mind going out on the balcony since the moon was full and the view was so beautiful. Who was I to deny two gorgeous women.

Once outside, they guided me to the soft couch that was placed there and they slowly took a seat on either side of me. For a few minutes, they made small talk and I found that their names were Jenna and Kiara. I introduced myself and they smile then slowly took my beer from my hands. Suddenly I found myself pressed back against the back of the couch. They both smiled looking into my eyes and then I felt a pair of white and brown hands slowly beginning to slide across my chest.

A little unsure of what to do, I turned and looked into Kiara's soft brown eyes. I leaned over taking her soft brown face in my hands and began to nibble and suck on her full lips, I felt Jenna begin to lick slowly along my neck and then making long slow licks to my chest.

I reached out caressing Kiara's neck letting my fingertips slide the straps off her shoulders. Leaning forward I began to nibble on her soft brown skin as my fingers slid behind her to unzip her silk sheath. With a gently tug, the soft material began to slide down to her waist.

Her full brown breasts with caramel tips beckoned me until I leaned down gently flicking my tongue across them one at a time. Unable to resist the sweet caramel tips I began sucking them into my mouth. My fingers gently wrapped around one breast and I began slowly caressing the softness. Loving the taste and feel of her large nipples my tongue softly swirled around them until they began to tighten in my mouth.

I lifted my head and slowly turned my attention to Jenna who was caressing my throbbing cock through my pants. My hand reached out sliding along her neck and looping under the straps of her dress until I peeled them off her shoulders. I smiled as I saw Kiara come behind Jenna to slowly unzip her silk sheath sliding it down to her waist. I felt my mouth watering as I leaned forward to take her soft pink lips with mine. I felt a shiver as her soft pink tongue slipped inside my mouth.

Nibbling down along her neck until my lips met her full breasts with soft pink tipped nipples. Gently cupping them, I began to suckle them one at a time. Her soft moans filled the night air. I slowly lifted my head and released Jenna as I leaned on the sofa.

I smiled at the two beautiful ladies and asked them to slowly stand and take off their dresses. They both stood up before me and dropped the silk sheaths which were bunched at their waists to the ground standing only in their strappy spiked high heel shoes. Slowly they stepped forward and I reached out both hands rubbing my fingertips along their moist pussy lips. I felt them start to move against my finger tips and noticed each of them was playing with their breasts. Their long graceful fingers making little circles around their erect nipples. Occasionally they would pinch slightly and give their nipples a gentle tug.

A little smile played across my face, as I leaned forward to Kiara wanting to taste my first brown pussy. Reaching my long fingers out I gently spread her pussy lips apart. Holding her open and exposed I feel my mouth watering imagining how her sweet brown pussy will taste. I feel myself drawn to her and suddenly find my tongue reaching out with my first tentative taste. I let my tongue make a gentle flick just barely tracing the warm brown outer labia. Loving the sweet taste of her juices that slickened her full pussy lips, I can't resist feasting on her sweet brown sugar. My tongue darts out again as it gently explores from back to front tasting her sweet juices. 

I spread her labia further apart exposing her large swollen clit and let my tongue flick across. My finger playfully slid inside her and I heard her muffled moan as Jenna covers her luscious full lips with her own. The ladies continue kissing as I kept licking and sucking her sweet brown sugar pussy.

Smiling up at the beautiful women, I leaned over to Jenna and spread her pussy lips letting my finger tips graze across them. Unable to resist, my tongue slowly follows where my fingertips have been in long slow strokes. Her clit is slightly smaller than Kiara's but she is dripping a sweet tangy juice and I kept lapping up as much as I could from her wet pink pussy. 

I realize that the two women were now fondling each others breasts and I was totally aroused as I had never seen two women making love. They smiled at me wickedly when they caught me staring up at them and told me it was my turn to stand.

I stood up and they guided my pants down over my hips and slowly began rubbing their hands from my shoulders down along my sides. I was motionless as their hands continued down over my hips to my thighs. By now my cock was standing straight out at attention admiring these two lovely ladies. 

I felt them reaching for my engorged cock as they kneeled down at my feet. Holding onto my erect cock, they each begin flicking their tongues in soft licks across the tip like an ice-cream cone. Slowly Kiara slid her brown full lips over the tip, and I sucked in my breath as my white meat disappeared inside her wet mouth. I held my breath as Jenna began fondling and licking my full ball sack.

After a few minutes, they slowly switched places and I saw Jenna's soft pink pouty lips teasing the tip of my cock shyly taking me in her mouth. She looked so innocent as she looked up into my eyes and then she hungrily began devouring my cock. The not so innocent angel after all.

By now, my head was rushing and I heard a pounding in my ears and I realize it was the sound of the rushing waters from Niagara Falls. As the ladies continued their ministrations to my rigid cock I felt my pulse matching the roaring waters in the background.

Unable to continue without fear of cumming too soon, I reached down slowly and guided the women to stand up. Leaning over, I reached for my pants and pulled out a condom. I could feel the ladies holding my erect cock as I began sliding the condom on the tip and slowly unrolling it over the entire length of my engorged cock.

Reaching out a hand, I guided the ladies to face the couch back and crouch over on their hands and knees. Their beautiful full white and brown asses and pussies were now lifted in the air as I stepped closer. Holding my throbbing cock in my hand, I walked up behind them and slowly let my fingers trail along each girls exposed pussy. At the same time, I felt how wet and slick they were for me. 

Feeling my body tingling and completely aroused, I took my cock and gently stroked it back and forth across Kiara's brown puffy pussy lips. Wanting to give each woman some attention, I then stepped over and slowly rubbed my now slick cock across Jenna's pink pouty pussy lips.

Slowly a thought came to mind, and I smiled broadly as I slowly pressed my cock against Kiara's tight entrance. Feeling her pussy stretch, I smiled down in wonder as my white meat begins disappearing into her chocolate covered pussy. With great effort, I slowly thrust myself inside her tight sheath until I was completely surrounded by her sweet brown pussy walls.

I heard her soft moan as I slipped slowly all the way out. Now holding my cock in hand, I gently pressed against Jenna's pink pouty lips. She was a little tighter so I went slower to keep from hurting , I felt her as she pressed back against me anxious for my cock to be inside her tight pussy.

I felt her tight little pussy slide around my throbbing cock and she began to tighten her muscles of her inner walls around me as I sank all the way inside. Sweat started to bead across my forehead, as I slid all the way out. Then I began a rhythm of sliding in and out several strokes with one girl and then several with the other.

I noticed that the girls were playing with each others clots as I continued to drive in and out of them faster and faster. Sensing that each of them was close to their own climax, I stayed longer inside them. Unable to slow my ,I rammed faster and harder into Kiara until I felt her tight brown pussy spasming around my cock. I could hear her screams of pleasure and then felt her body go limp as she collapsed forward against the back of the sofa.

Then I climbed over and pulled Jenna's full hips toward my cock. In one long thrust I, drove myself deep inside her. My rhythm continued at a quick pace, as I fucked her harder and harder until she too collapsed forward with her tight pink pussy spasming around my cock. 

My cock was still hard and my adrenaline was matching the roaring waters of Niagara Falls. I pulled off the wet slick condom and began stroking myself a little as the two girls recovered. 

A few minutes later, Kiara turned around pressing a soft kiss to my cock. She looked up at me then turned and winked at Jenna, I heard her voice as she looked up saying to me," It seems we aren't finished yet now are we?"

Smiling at her and not sure what she had in mind I could only nod. She smiled over at Jenna, then slowly left the room. I then felt Jenna's soft fingertips caressing my cock and positioning me so she could slip on another condom as Kiara walked back into the room. I noticed that Kiara had a tube of lubrication and I looked at her slightly puzzled.

She reached out to me and held my condom covered swollen penis and liberally doused it with some of the clear lubricant. I felt her spreading it all over with her soft fingertips. Smiling she handed the tube to Jenna and slowly walked across the balcony to the rail. I watched in awe as she leaned slightly forward and lifted her left leg onto the top rail of the balcony.

Jenna reached out and began to slide Kiara's ass cheeks apart and softly rimmed her brown asshole with her soft pink tongue. Kiara began to squirm slightly and then Jenna held her hips as her little pink tongue softly speared the lovely brown asshole. Taking the tube of lubricant Jenna began to apply it generously to Kiara's soft brown crack and slowly let her finger tip slip inside Kiara's tight puckered asshole.

I kept slowly stroking my cock as Jenna began fingering her. I felt my body shudder slightly at the sight and soon I could hear Kiara's moans of pleasure. Kiara stayed in that position with her leg lifted and her asshole poised and glistening with lubricant.

Jenna turned that innocent look on me as she turned and walked over to me. She smiled as she reached out and grabbed me by my cock.

"Have you ever taken a girl up the ass before", she asked in that innocent voice of hers?

"No"

Suddenly, I felt like my cock was going to explode as thoughts of how much I had always fantasized about having anal sex. 

"You are going to love this", she tells me with a big smile.

Jenna then took my swollen cock and guided it back and forth across Kiara's slick ass crack. Slowly Jenna guided the swollen knob to Kiara's tight asshole. Lining me up so that I was pressing against Kiara until I felt her puckered asshole begin to stretch. 

This was the tightest feeling I had ever experienced in my life. I couldn't help myself as I grabbed onto her hips and began to press forward slowly. I closed my eyes savoring the sensations and finally I heard Kiara whimpering as my mushroom shaped cockhead finally popped inside.

I paused for a moment holding my breath, wanting to drive completely inside her. Then I felt her passage relaxing as I slid slowly deeper into her brown chute. Her tight muscles began squeezing my cock as I felt myself completely buried with my balls against her ass cheeks.

I sensed Jenna coming behind me wrapping her arms around my hips guiding me in and out of Kiara's ass setting a nice slow rhythm. I felt like I was going to explode as looked down at my white meat sliding in and out of her tight brown ass. I could feel Jenna sliding down behind me and noticed she was now licking Kiara's clit. I kept up the slow rhythm as she continued to reach out and caress my balls as I fucked Kiara's ass.

I could feel the blood pounding through my cock as her asshole kept tightening rhythmically with each thrust. I quickened the pace as I thrust faster in and out and felt that familiar roaring in my ears from my rising passion. Feeling my heart racing faster I grabbed her full brown ass cheeks and drove deep inside with one final thrust. I could feel my balls clenching as my cum shot deep inside her brown shoot filling her with my warm white liquid. I kept thrusting as more continued to squirt until my balls felt drained.

Her moans of pleasure matched mine until our rapid breaths were the only sounds that filled the air for a space of a few minutes. Smiling Jenna was standing next to me with a soft white washcloth. Gingerly she removed the condom and slowly bathed my slick cock.
