 So there was Isabelle, spending her Saturday night in a sleek black dress and a black masquerade mask, which followed the theme of this exclusive late-night party. 

After being promoted last year to Executive Assistant Manager of the five-star hotel, she thought she was done with these sorts of sultry outfits, but apparently not. Having to flaunt her body reminded her of her early days starting off as a cocktail waitress, where a sexy outfit was part of the job, and the goal was to turn as many heads as possible.

The boss, Mr. Stanley, had convinced her to help run this private event in the hotel's auditorium.

'I really need you on this,' the General Manager had told her. 'You're the only person at this establishment with the logistical abilities to pull this off at the last minute. Plus the content is rather... risque... to put it lightly.'

Either way, gearing up for this event was a lot easier than she had expected. She only had a week's notice and it was all very hush-hush. Only a few employees of the hotel knew about this extra shift, which was purely optional. 

Whatever the reason, it was a lot more pleasant than she had expected. The way her boss had described it, she had expected an all-out sex party throughout the auditorium. Something like in the movie, Eyes Wide Shut.

Instead, it was a quiet affair. It was very elegant with suits and gowns, and everyone had exotic looking masks. There was a piano and violin being played, and food was being served. This felt like a low-key political event with everyone on their best behavior.

People were engaged in various conversations. Strangely, she saw a lot of whispers and smiling being those masquerade masks. Isabelle never bothered to try and eavesdrop on any of those chats. There was never a point in doing that. She liked focusing on her job; that was how she got promoted to such a nice position at her age.

Isabelle made sure the horderves and drinks were coming out in a timely manner and that everything else ran smoothly. There were about fifty people in attendance. An easy number to serve, with her experience. But with people like this, it was very obvious to her that these people were wealthy based on their attire and the way they presented themselves. The standards were always expected to be much higher. That was the benefit of paying for premium services.

The night was winding down at around 9 pm. So far, Isabelle was thoroughly unimpressed. It was a great party by any standard, elegant and graceful, but the way Mr. Stanley was hyping things up with all the secrecy and innuendoes, Isabelle had been expecting classified information. The boss had really hammered in the point that this was an "adult themed party," as he had stated several times in their previous conversations.

Most of the guests had left the hall. From an initial glance at the booking sheet, she knew that many of these guests were staying in the fancier rooms and that they had also booked the executive suites as well. Isabelle briefly wondered what this event was all about.

Whatever it was, it was odd. Who keeps their masks on for this long?

The staff worked with military-like precision with Isabelle running the show. This was what she was good at. Giving orders and following through until completion. 

As the private event came to a close and the tables and chairs were being put away, quickly returning to a bland and empty hotel auditorium, Isabelle breathed a sigh of satisfaction at a job well done.

She allowed herself a quick break after a hectic couple hours of non-stop work. She wished she could have a seat for a moment, but that would only make her look weak to her staff.

Instead, she just stood and watched the tables being cleared.

Something caught her eye in an instant. One of the masked male patrons had thought it appropriate to put his hand on a female employee's backside. They were both masked and headed towards the exit together.

Even more surprising was that this employee, Nia Williams, had just allowed it to happen. In fact, it was an utter shock. Nia was as sweet as they come, but she was street smart and was definitely a fighter when she needed to be.

The hand lingered. The man ran his fingers through Nia's braids, down her fit body, and onto her ass.

Watching from afar, Isabelle was sure that this was a dead man, but instead, Nia just allowed him to have a squeeze at her butt.

Did they know each other? Were they about to...

No way. Isabelle shook those thoughts out of her mind. She had trained and mentored Nia this past year on the art of hotel standards and hospitality. They had gone over all of the rules and guidelines thoroughly. 

As this new 'couple' made their way to the exit of the auditorium, Nia looked back and gave a cryptic wave to Isabelle, before they left.

Something was definitely going on.

With her mask still on, Isabelle handed the rest of the night's management duties to a subordinate and headed out into the lobby. To her surprise, the guests all kept their masquerade masks on and so she did the same. They were in the lobby, quietly socializing with each other while waiting for different elevators to take them up to the executive suits.

She managed to spot Nia's trademark braids in one of the elevators, only this time, two men had their hands on her athletically toned body. A deviant smile was on Nia's face. 

Isabelle managed to squeeze her way inside of an elevator, in hot pursuit of her wayward subordinate. What the hell is Nia thinking?! Isabelle wondered.

While in the elevator, Isabelle was trapped with the other guests of the party. They whispered and flirted with each other through their masks. It only made her more curious.

After the ride up, Isabelle had the daunting task of trying to find her employee on the floor of luxury rooms. Hopefully they hadn't made their way into a private room and shut the door just yet.

***

When the elevator door opened, Isabelle was surprised. The floor to the executive suits seemed like there was a small party happening. The masked guests were socializing all around, and it even seemed like they were picking and organizing which rooms they'd be heading into.

As it turned out, spotting her employee was easy. Nia was the only black woman there and she was alone, making brief conversations with men who were flirting with her. 

Isabelle marched behind her and gave her a tap on the shoulder. Nia turned around and they were face to face.

"Nia, what on earth are you doing?" Isabelle hissed, while keeping it down so the hotel guests wouldn't hear their dispute.

"Room service," Nia said as casually as possible.

"Your shift ended a few minutes ago."

Nia tried to play it cool. "I'm working overtime. Didn't you always teach me that about serving guests? It's a full-time job as long as I'm wearing the uniform and I'm inside the hotel."

"I saw someone with their hand on your butt," Isabelle said with her voice down.

Guests were still passing by, masks still on, as they headed to different executive suites. Isabelle wondered what the hell was happening.

"Look, I'm sorry," Nia said. "That should never have happened on the open floor."

"So you're hooking up with a guest or something?"

"It's more than that."

"Then kindly explain," Isabelle said sternly, trying to keep her voice down. "I don't want to have to reprimand you, but if you've come up here for sex, then there could be a problem."

"Do you know who these people are?" Nia whispered.

"They're paying a lot of money and Mr. Stanley said to look after them. That's all that matters to me." 

"Well I know exactly who some of them are. You wouldn't believe it."

Isabelle crossed her arms. "Try me."

"From what I've been told, they meet once a year and they plan big things for the global economy. They've been doing this for over a hundred years and they're extremely selective about who can join."

"Nia, that sounds like some secret society conspiracy."

"If you knew who some of them were, you'd be agreeing with me."

"It doesn't matter who they are," Isabelle said staunchly. "What they do is their business. But I'm responsible for you, since you're under my watch."

"I know, I know. But this is a once and a lifetime opportunity. Remember when you went to that sex club with your ex-boyfriend and you chickened out because the place was too sleazy? Imagine if you could relive that moment, in a much classier environment, with much classier people. And the best part is, no one will ever know."

Despite her mask, Isabelle was still able to flash a hot stare in her employee's direction. She grabbed Nia by the arm and pulled her further to the side; for fear of anyone hearing this.

"Are you crazy?" Isabelle hissed. "Why are you bringing that up? That was a secret."

She was in utter disbelief that Nia would even mention that. It was something she had confessed during a private dinner they had months ago. Isabelle had expressed her feelings of shame and secret arousal over the whole thing at her one (and only) visit to a sex club, and she never would have expected those secrets to ever come back like this.

"I'm being a friend," Nia replied, showing her persistence. "It's afterhours and our shifts are done. There are other people on duty. We can relax. Don't you ever wonder? Don't you ever wonder what it could have been like if you had agreed to perform at that sex club?"

Isabelle tensed. "Why are you asking me?"

"Because it's my fantasy too. No one will ever know. These are people we can trust and they do this every year. I've been invited. Come on, we'll explore it together."

Isabelle tensed harder. "What? You can't be serious."

Their conversation came to an abrupt halt when a man touched both of them at their lower backs.

"That sounds like a wonderful idea," said a masked man with a strong, upper-class British accent, coming up from behind.

Incredulously, the man saw fit to put his hands around both of their waists. By the looks of things, he was a sophisticated man in his early 50s, and by the cut of his suit, he was a man of wealth. 

Isabelle was too surprised to move. She was even more surprised to find that Nia appeared to be turned on by this sort of situation.

"Excuse me?" Isabelle managed to ask.

The man replied, "We need more Suck Dolls in room 355. You two certainly have the lips for it." 

"Suck Doll? Actually, I'm the---"

"Whatever you say, dear," he interrupted. "Both of you have the right lips for what we need. This should have started ten minutes ago and I'm very particular about punctuality. Get to it, Dolls."

Isabelle was mortally offended that she and a staff member were being treated like prostitutes and were being carted off to a room with a gentle push.

The man let go, gave them another reminder of their apparent duties for the night, then brisked down the hall. It was clear this man was in charge of the arrangements of these activities, whatever these activities were.

"Can you believe that guy?" Isabelle huffed. "I'm half tempted to have him thrown out of the building."

Nia shook her head. "Trust me, you won't. His family owns this place."

"You mean..."

"Yep, that's them. I told you, you'd amazed by who these people are. And I've personally verified some of their identities. It all checks out.". 

"Jesus," Isabelle gasped. "We're working for sex perverts. Does our boss know?"

Nia shrugged. "If you can't beat 'em, join 'em. Mr. Stanley probably does know. Why do you think he was so secretive about this whole thing? He probably didn't want us getting mixed up with this crowd... and these activities..."

There was a slight air of excitement as Nia's voice trailed off. She was definitely wanting this.

"My shift is over," Isabelle said, exerting authority. "So is yours. We should leave, right now."

"If my shift is over, then technically I don't have to follow your orders, isn't that right?"

Their eyes locked through their masks. They were at a playful standoff, with Nia's mischievous smile peaking through.

The man called out, from down the hall. "Ladies, we haven't got all night!'

The hallway was slowing clearing as the guests made their way to their proper rooms, expecting to do who-knows-what for the night. 

"We're coming," Nia excitedly replied to the man. "We're just working out a plan."

The man remained stone faced and went about his business. He was so nonchalant about what was going to happen, it was like going to the office for him.

Isabelle quietly seethed at her employee. "What exactly are you going to do in that room?"

"You mean... we?" Nia replied flirtatiously. "What we're going to do."

"No more games. Just tell me."

"The guy called us Suck Dolls, remember?" Nia said. "That means we'll be giving blowjobs, just like what you almost did in that sex club. Like that guy said, we have the lips for this sort of thing. Come on, we're off duty and no one will ever know. Our secret."

Her mouth put more emphasis on those two words than any other. This suggested that they were more like co-conspirators of a victimless crime than anything else.

Isabelle was grabbed by the wrist and pulled down the hall by her adventurous employee. Sure, she could have fought back, but she was genuinely curious. And her pussy was positively dripping at whatever was happening in these executive suites (and by whom). 

Nia led the way with a sultry walk as Isabelle awkwardly followed. 

***

The executive suites in this hotel cost thousands of dollars per night. They were luxurious. They were extravagant. They were fit for royalty.

Only now, with the lights dimmed in this particular suite, Isabelle was at a loss for words by what she was seeing.

The guests still had their masks on, but many had their pants down, or their faces in between someone else's legs. It looked like slow foreplay, which was picking up steam. It was surreal seeing these esteemed people engaging in such things in the open. Some did it on the couch. Others did it on the living room rug.

Not all of them were guests either. Some of the participants were models; people brought in help facilitate the night's pleasure.

"What have you gotten me into?" Isabelle whispered.

"Heaven," Nia replied, in a way that made this whole thing seem natural.

They held hands tighter as their eyes marveled at the foreplay orgy.

"Why are you doing this to me?" Isabelle asked, hoping for a much clearer answer.

"Honestly, I'm dying to watch you suck a dick. You can be so rigid and cunty sometimes. You should learn how to relax a little more."

There was a playfulness in Nia's voice and it was impossible to be mad at her.

Isabelle shook her head. "I have to be strict. It's part of running a hotel this big. It takes a lot of sacrifice."

"I am making a sacrifice," Nia said with a cuteness. "This is room service, remember? And right now, our clients are in desperate need for blowjobs. The hot, wet, nasty kinds, that we'll have to give them together."

"So that's what this is about? You want to see if I can give a good blowjob or not?"

"I already know you can," Nia smiled. "It's usually the uptight women who are the freakiest cocksuckers, in my experience."

The sounds of sucking, smacking, and dirty talk was in the background. The closer they walked to the action, the more apparent everything became.

"Ladies," a man called to them. "Right this way. In the living room. We've been expecting you. We're a little busier than anticipated."

The masked man flashed them a look of serious intent and carted them to the living room area of the suite.

 "On your knees," the man ordered.

Nia gracefully sank to her knees, careful not to wrinkle her dress.

By contrast, Isabelle stood there almost defiantly, frozen by the surrealness of the moment. Her eyes drifted to the couch where a different man was receiving oral sex from a naked woman. The man was watching her in return as he pushed his hips into the woman's face.

 "Problem?" the man questioned them authoritatively. 

Isabelle was about ready to give this man hell for treating her like some sort of escort, but she held her tongue. It was just like Nia said, No one will ever know. Besides, if some of these people really did own the hotel, her career would be as good as over. The last thing she needed in her life was drama.

With a mixture of great reluctance and unexpected arousal, Isabelle sank to her knees, also being careful not to wrinkle her fancy black dress. 

Eyes around the room peered at them. Since they were on the main floor together, they were the main show. People would be watching them while indulging in their own oral pleasures, or whatever they were receiving that night. Isabelle had resigned her fate to being part of that entertainment. She adjusted her mask, hoping and praying she'd never be recognized.

A different masked man approached them and stood in front of them, unzipping himself like it was all so normal. In a moment, his penis was freed and he was already semi-erect.

"We're the featured entertainment," the man said with lust in a voice. "So that means a lot is expected of you two."

The women looked at each other and a feeling of nervousness was in the pit of Isabelle's stomach. But as nervous as she was, she couldn't remember the last time she felt so much anticipation about anything. Her panties were nearly drenched and her hands were shaky.

Nia winked to Isabelle. "Go ahead, suck on it. We'll swap cum after."

"I love that idea," the man said, expressing his approval. "It's so vulgar and beautiful."

It was irritating that Isabelle was now being bossed around by the woman she had worked so hard to mentor for nearly a year. 

Isabelle was looking at the cock dangling in front of her face, and while she was trying to tell herself this was all too much and that she should just leave, the moment captured her in time. She had never been a size queen, but she liked thick cocks, and this was just the right size. All her ex's had always praised her cocksucking abilities. Now she had been given a chance to prove to Nia -- and this random guy -- just how good she was. 

She grabbed the base of his well-groomed shaft with her right hand and brought her lips closer to its head. With one swift move, she enveloped her red lipstick covered mouth around the swollen cock head and slowly started to slide it down. She started sucking on his cock, going an inch deeper with every upward-downward motion. He was moaning, which reminded her to look him in the eyes. There was no way he would last long with her technique working on him, and with her eyes devouring his. 

Isabelle was getting lost in the pleasure-giving moment of her own. She remembered why she liked giving blowjobs so much - the thought of someone enjoying her skills so much was directly linked to that delicious feeling her warm pussy was giving to her. There was a craftsmanship in sucking a cock, and she was now sure to school her little friend on it. 

With her right hand still holding his shaft, she used her left to cradle his neatly trimmed ball sack, and her mouth left the cock it was sucking. Looking at his dark brown eyes, she took a deep, but silent breath for what was to come. 

It was a challenge, but she was not the one to back down on it. Jerking him lightly with both of her hands, spreading her saliva all over it, she moved her lips right at the top of his hot, firm cock and quickly engulfed half of it. In one more move, his huge dick was completely in her mouth. The cock head brushed alongside her tongue, pushing deeper towards her throat. 

There was no gag reflex, nor tears on her pretty face - deepthroating was her specialty. She held her lips around the base for a second longer before slowly retreating them, working her tongue around the hard cock in her hungry mouth. 
