 Pam Maguire banged on the flimsy front door of the trailer, pulled it open a crack and called "Are you decent?"

"Well," came a male voice, "We're dressed anyway."

Chuckling, the brunette coed entered.

"Hi, Pam. You're just in time for lunch," said Scott White, a slender blonde guy in his early twenties.

"Providing you cook it, of course." added Jerry Carter, the darker, heavy set male sitting on the couch. 

Pam rolled her eyes and looked with fondness at the two. Both were good friends and fellow theatre students. Scott specialized in sound and lighting while Jerry was the lead carpenter and set construction supervisor. Both were seniors and had finished their course work and exams. In two days, on Sunday afternoon, they would graduate.

"Is there anything there besides beer and left over pizza?" inquired Pam as she headed into the kitchen area, pointing at the refrigerator as she did.

"Actually I think there is," Scott answered. 

Pam opened the door and looked in. To her surprise she found everything she needed to cook several different meals. She decided on Chicken Parmesan. Prying off the tennis shoes she wore, she assembled cookware and hunted through the cupboards for spices.

"Now that I like to see," teased Jerry. "Barefoot and in the kitchen." Pam looked over her shoulder as she stretched to reach the paprika and made a rude noise at him.

"This had better really be paprika," she announced, "And not pot. If nothing else, you all are too close to graduation to get busted now."

"Cross my heart," promised Jerry. "All we have is beer and a couple of bottles of wine."

"Okay," Pam replied. She got busy, but her mind wandered as her hands functioned on their own. That was interesting. Jerry had been looking at her legs when he made that remark. She wondered why. He and his girlfriend Nicole had been dating for the last two years and he had never shown any real interest in anyone else. Now Scott, her lips curled in a grin. Scott and she had so much fun flirting and teasing each other that they had developed a regular routine that she had never thought of disturbing by actually dating him, much less going to bed with him.

"Where's Kim?" Scott's words broke into her thoughts.

"She's off with the baseball team, regional championships," she said. Her thought shifted to her dark-haired roommate and the slight smile tugging her lips broadened.

"Miss her, huh?"

Rather startled, Pam looked at Jerry. That she and her roommate were very close, VERY close indeed was not exactly a secret but neither was it something they flaunted. They both led a full and varied social life and dated a lot. That either might occasionally get closer than was generally accepted to another female, and often to each other in the privacy of their dorm room, was something she didn't think was public knowledge.

A glance at Jerry revealed nothing but casual interest. Pam decided he simply meant what he had said. 

Yeah, no one to blather to at night and no one to keep me studying when I'd rather be goofing off. But she'll be back Tuesday." She changed the subject. "Speaking of that, where's Nicole? I haven't seen her in a couple of weeks."

There was a silence long enough for Pam to realize that something was wrong, even before jerry, in a low voice said "We broke up."

"Oh gosh, I'm so sorry Jerry." Pam hesitated, thinking about asking Jerry if he wanted to talk about it. She decided that a three-way conversation was not the way to go about it. Jerry's stony face precluded asking anyway, at least for right now.

Things remained quiet until the food was done and the three of them ate. The guys did the dishes while Pam relaxed in an overstuffed easy chair, her feet curled under her. After the kitchen was cleaned up, an operation Pam noted that took the two guys twice as long as it would have taken her alone, they plopped themselves down on the couch.

"So any plans for your last weekend of college.

"No," said Scott, as he slumped back against the cushions. "I think we'll just relax and hang out here." His eyes met Pam's and she read the unspoken words. Jerry wasn't feeling up to anything and as his friend Scott was prepared to forebear any activities to stay with him. She liked that. It showed a depth of friendship between two guys that Pam had always considered two really nice guys. 

Pretty good looking too, the both of them. Jerry was muscular and the dark hair covering his arms and peeking from the top of his shirt had always given him the air of a big, happy bear. And Scott, well, he appeared slender and slight, and always had an innocent look in those bright blue eyes that had lured in more than one female of Pam's acquaintance. But Pam herself had always seen the mischief dancing behind those eyes. Not malicious, Scott was too good a guy for that, but a little devil that spoke promises to any one who would see it and take him up on it.

A surprising, reckless feeling came over Pam. She lowered her head, hoping the devil in her own green eyes had not been noticed. Getting up, she crossed to the couch.

"You know," she remarked casually, standing between their out-thrust legs. "I almost forgot your graduation present."

"You got us a present?" said Scott in surprise. 

"You didn't have to do that," added Jerry.

"I know, but I wanted to. Now then, its a surprise, so y'all have to close your eyes. Go on," she urged, laughing as she did so at the sudden uncertainty in both their faces, "It won't bite you."

"Okay," said Jerry and obediently shut his eyes. Pam tapped her bare foot.

"All the way Scott, I see you peeking."

"No I'm not," protested the soft, innocent voice that matched his face, and had lured a number of girls into bed with him over the last four years.

"Scott!"

"Okay, okay. Gesh," he mumbled as he screwed his eyes tight.

After a quick confirmation that Jerry had followed suit, Pam shivered. Could she do this? It had been a sudden impulse, a thought that had just popped into her mind. Then she cast caution to the winds. Why not? In one quick movement she pulled her t-shirt over her head and tossed it on the chair where she had been sitting. Her cut-off jeans shorts and panties followed. Since she had taken off her shoes before lunch, those three items had been all she was wearing.

Pam smothered a giggle as she looked down at her two friends. They looked like little boys awaiting a piece of birthday cake. Well, she ran her hands over her slender athletic body, they were about to get a piece of something alright.

Dropping to her knees between the two pairs of outstretched legs, she leaned forward. Taking a deep breath and with a grin on her face that went from ear to ear, she reached out and firmly grasped both guys right between their legs.

The result was everything she could have hoped for. Both sets of eyes popped open in surprise. Both guys looked at her, kneeling nude between them and their eyes grew to look like saucers.

"PAM!"

"Okay, guys, are you listening?" Two heads bobbed up and down. Pam hoped they WERE listening, the bulges had already swollen enough that, instead of her hands resting where they had landed, her fingers were now forming circles around two growing hardons.

"Since you all weren't planning on anything, let's just plan on staying here for the next forty-eight hours." The bulges were straining Jerry's jeans and Scott's shorts now. "During that time, whenever you want me, however you want me, you can have me, I'm yours." Two head nodded together as though they were mirror images and she couldn't help but giggle. "Now then, who's first?"

Scott gave her his trademark smile and winked. Then he stood up. Moving to Pam, he touched her shoulder, turning her towards Jerry. 

"He is."

Looking up at Jerry, Pam winked in turn. Her fingers caught the zipper of his jeans and pulled it down. At the same time she leaned forward and unfastened his belt. A quick pull on his underwear and his cock popped free, only to disappear immediately between Pam's lips and into her mouth. She braced herself with her hands on either side of him and began to pump her head.

At first she barely moved. Each bob went a little farther down before she came back up, holding just the head in her lips. Each time she rose her tongue slid over the smoothness of the helmet and tickled the slit. Then she went down again. And again. And again.

Intent as she was on sucking Jerry's cock, she almost missed a feather-light touch between her own legs. For a moment she dismissed it as a product of her imagination, brought on by her own arousal. Then the touch became more pronounced. Her eyes widened as she realized that it must be Scott.

She squirmed. It definitely was a tongue stroking up and down first the inside of one thigh and then the other. He was avoiding actually touching her pussy. Instead he licked her legs, tracing the creases where her bottom began, then worked down the back of her legs.

A moan of protest from Jerry brought her attention back to him and she resumed sucking his cock. His hands were on her head now, just resting there, not making any attempt to push her down, but she could still feel the urgency in them as they quivered against her hair. She went all the way down on him in one quick motion, burying her face on him until she could go no further.

Pam increased the suction of her mouth on Jerry's cock. She rolled her head around, feeling the swollen head rub against the back of her mouth. His cock was no monster, but it filled her mouth very nicely, poking against the opening of her throat. And Scott, oh god, his tongue was between her legs now and he was stroking her open slit. She thrust her hips back against him and his tongue entered her.

Her head was all but bouncing on Jerry now. She tightened the grip of her mouth on his slick shaft and heard him moan in approval. His hands rode the back of her head and his hips began to lift from the couch to her. Scott's tongue found her clit and one, then two fingers entered her. They pumped into her in the same rhythm as her head bobbed onto the now swelling cock. She moaned and the satisfaction in her muffled voice must have been the last push for Jerry. 

For the first time, his hands pushed her head down onto his cock. The first rush filled her mouth and she gulped to keep from being drowned. He continued to cum, the hot liquid running down her throat. Well, she had intended to swallow it anyway, but holy cow, Nicole and he must have been on the outs, at least sexually, for more than a couple of weeks. She struggled mightily to keep up with the flood, even as her own body began to twitch under Scott's touch.

Jerry moved and suddenly he was gone. Pam opened her eyes and blinked. Where did he go? Then two burly arms were around her and she was being lifted up to the couch and carefully deposited on her back. Hands spread her legs and Scott slid on top of her. With one fluid movement his hips pushed forward and his cock entered her.

Like Jerry, Scott was no monster, but he filled her nicely and that was all she ever asked. And the longer he was in her, the more she thought he deserved his whispered reputation. Scott used his entire body on her. He shifted his hips, varying the speed, the depth and the angle of his strokes. His smooth chest rubbed back and forth over her breasts, exciting the nipples. His mouth darted here and there, now nibbling her shoulder, now licking the side of her neck and running up to her ear.

Pam's body responded and she began to move back against Scott. She caught his earlobe in her lips and her arms held him against her, even as his own arms slid around her. His hips were pumping now, still shifting around as he went faster and faster, plunging his hard cock into her. She braced her feet, using the strength of her runner's legs to meet him each time. She felt him swell and knew he was on the edge. A quick heave and her legs locked around him. pinning him against her and into her as he came deeply inside her, flooding her pussy with his hot cum.

Having kicked the weekend off with a bang, the bangs continued for the remainder of the time. Pam made love with each of them again on Friday. Both times were vanilla, guy on top, but fun. They kicked it up a notch Saturday morning, when Scott found Pam cooking breakfast while wearing nothing more than one of his t-shirts. Breakfast had to wait while he hoisted her on top of the table, scattering the dishes as he held an ankle in each hand. Jerry caught her bending over the arm of the couch and before she knew it her shorts were off and she was bent way over as he entered her from behind. Not that she minded it.

Saturday evening she and Scott had showered together. By now she was getting a little tender so she knelt and gave him a blow job as the warm water course down their bodies. She had spent the first night in Scott's room, she spent Saturday night in Jerry's. This time she got on top and brought them both to climax as she bounced vigorously on his stiff shaft. 

When she woke the Sunday morning, she experimentally flexed her body. Well, she giggled to herself, all those hours on the track; the stretching, the sit-ups, the laps run every week had paid off. She could still move, although she doubted she could go another full day like the last one had been. But Graduation was right after lunch and she was still set to enjoy herself this morning. 

A gentle hand rolled her over to face Jerry. He kissed her, smiled and stroked her face. "I must say, even if I get a sports car from my parents and a trip to Europe, its not going to match what you have given me, given US."

Pam almost blushed. She lifted her face to him and kissed him. "So," she smiled," Does that mean you're out of energy?" She looked at the clock on the dresser. "Planning on snuggling until its time to go?"

"Oh no." Jerry pulled Pam over on top of him. "You're not getting away with out a finale that will be remembered for years." 

"Where's Scott?" Pam looked at the door.

"He'll be along."

Pam straddled Jerry again, feeling his cock rise one more time against the inside of her thigh. His cock slid along her open slit, sliding back and forth, giving her a chance to get wet again and to also get him lubed properly. She braced her hands on her hips and lifted herself, expecting him to guide himself into her.

He did, but at the same time he surprised her. As he entered her, Jerry caught her by the shoulders and pulled her down to him. Kissing her, he held her torso against his. "Now then," he whispered when his mouth released hers," You wondered where Scott was. Well, he's right here." The bed creaked and shifted under them. Pam tried to turn her head as she felt someone move behind her but Jerry held her close.

Two firm hands rubbed her tight butt, now lift slightly into the air. They stroked over her cheeks, then one slipped between them, parting them. She shivered in surprise as she felt a cool wetness in her cleft. Then a finger began to massage that wetness against her other hole. She moved a bit quicker against Jerry, his cock still filling her pussy as the gentle pressure on her anal ring made her yield and Scott's finger entered her ass. 

"Oh god," Pam gasped as Scott began to twist his finger in her, lubricating her and stretching her gently as he pumped in and out. An attempt by her to speed up her rocking on Jerry was stilled by the that man's firm grip on her shoulders.

"No, no, don't rush it. I'm not coming until we're both in you."

Scott had leaned over her and whispered in her other ear. "Pam, we want you like this, between us, Jerry in your pussy and me in your ass. We know you said however we wanted you, but we won't hold you to that, to this, if you don't want to. Never would either of us force you to do something uncomfortable or anything you didn't want to do."

Pam was going wild. Unable to move, to squirm on Jerry's cock or onto that wonderful finger exploring her ass, she managed only to moan, "For God's sake Scott, don't tease me. Take me!"

"Tease you? Why I would never do that." The lone finger continued to wiggle inside her. More lube dripped against it and worked into her. Then the finger was gone and she felt the head of Scott's cock replace it. His hands ran up and down her back, massaging her, even as he carefully pressed against her. In spite of her vocal impatience and her attempts to rock back onto him, attempts that were thwarted by four steady hands, Scott worked into her ass very slowly. Even after the head was fully in and he was sinking the length of his shaft into her, he went bit by bit, allowing his weight to do the work, rather than using his hips. But finally Pam felt his groin come to rest against her ass cheeks. 

She had never felt so incredibly filled in her twenty years. It was not her first experience with anal sex by any means, but never before had she been doubled. Both cocks were straining in her. She could feel them almost touching inside her.

"Pam?" Scott's voice caressed her.

"Yesssss," she managed to choke back.

"Now we're done teasing. NOW we're going to fuck you."

Scott, braced on his knees behind her, his hands gripping her hips, began to move. As though a signal had been passed, Jerry began to lift her in the air with his hips and strong legs, pushing her back onto Scott each time. That same motion bounced her up and down on his own cock. His hands were on the front of her hips, forcing her up even as Scott drove down.

For a moment both guys slowed and there was a whispered consultation that Pam, even though she was between them, was too lost in the sensations her body was feeling to understand. Then the three of them rolled to one side, Scott and Jerry never losing their penetration of her body.

"That's better," gasped Jerry. "I could barely breathe there for a moment."

Hands caught at Pam's upper leg, lifting it into the air. There was a moment of confusion as the guys adjusted their rhythm and then they proceeded to see if they could squish Pam between them. Cocks slid out of her body until only the heads were still in her, then were pounded back inside her. Deep, hard thrusts filled her and the thin flesh wall between them was all that kept them from meeting.

Jerry's hands circled her and gripped her ass. Scott's hands cupped her breasts. Both used their hold on her body as leverage to bury their cocks fully into her, pushing her body up the bed between them as though she was the filling in a toothpaste tube. Then their grip brought her back and prepared her for the next simultaneous penetration.

Pam came. She came in a wild rush, voicing her approval of what her friends were doing. They never slowed. The cock in her pussy, the cock in her ass, the two of them slamming into her, drove her right up the wall. She screamed, she pounded on Jerry's back with her free hand, she had a second orgasm. The world narrowed to the just the two guys sandwiching her and what they were doing to her. Each time Jerry's cock withdrew enough, a flood of her wetness poured from her.

It could only last so long. Even with all the sex the guys had been having over the last forty-eight hours they had reached their limit. Jerry came first, seizing her hips in a grip that could have left bruises had he not retained enough control to release them even as he emptied himself into her. Scott had started later but the tightness of her anal ring and the squeeze her ass muscles put on his cock tipped his scales and she was filled with wet stickiness in back as well as in front.

Pam closed her eyes as both guys softening cocks pulled from her and they snuggled close to her. She meant only to close those eyes for a moment, but when she opened them, the clock on the dresser told her it was hours later.

"Get up, get up!" Pam bolted upright from between them. "You all need to shower and get dressed." She turned first one way and then the other, rolling each in turn out of the bed and on to the floor.
