 After Angie and I had cuddled for a while, Ryan finally recovered from his apparently exhausting orgasm. He swayed forward onto the bed, kneeling on the mattress. Over my new love's shoulder, I had an enticing view of his naked masculine body. His muscles were still slick with sweat, and his lower abdomen, thighs, and spent cock were still literally dripping with the juice of Angie's passion. The sight of him immediately stirred me to desire again, but I could do little but remain pinned beneath Angie's body as she nuzzled against my shoulder.

As if sensing my predicament, Ryan lunged forward with a predatory grace and seized Angie from behind. The cord-like muscles of his forearms wrapped solidly around her slender waist and he hoisted her off me and pulled her against him, their naked flesh coming together once again.

"Aah, you fucker!" Angie giggled, earnestly trying to free herself from Ryan's iron grip, secure in the knowledge that, struggle as she might, he would not let her free. She flailed for several minutes before finally giving in to exhaustion. She lay her head back onto Ryan's thick shoulder, and he began to plant kisses along her neck.

Suddenly, with one lithe movement, Angie reached behind and took hold of Ryan's cock, which, though flaccid now, was still quite sizeable. Ryan started a bit, but Angie had as firm a grip on his member as he had on her waist, and he immediately froze in place.

Angie turned her face sideways and tilted her head back to look Ryan eye-to-eye. "Let me go or I'll rip it off," she said softly, in her trademark psychotic-bitch voice. The contest of wills had sprung to life again. I lay watching the two of them, enjoying the interplay as well as my crotch-eye view of Angie's pussy. I stealthily began to play with myself, one hand teasing my clit and the other my left nipple as my eyes danced all over my best friend's naked form.

"You wouldn't dare," Ryan whispered in Angie's ear as he savored the taste of the sweat from the nape of her neck, "'cause now you know how good it feels in that little pussy." To accentuate the statement, he bit her lightly on the shoulder.

Angie opened her mouth a little and gasped in surprise at Ryan's audacity. "Oh, you better get over yourself, asshole," she said. "You think I ain't ever..." she stopped in mid-jab, her eyes going wide. "Holy shit!" she squeaked. "You're gettin' another hard-on!"

"Yeah," Ryan laughed, victorious again, "and if you keep squeezing it, it's only gonna get bigger. Might even go up your ass if we stay in this position."

"In your fuckin' dreams!" Angie hissed.

"In yours," Ryan returned, demonstrating himself able to be as childish as she.

Angie turned back to regard me, probably hoping I'd cheer her on. Instead, she saw me regarding her with open lust, my fingers caressing the folds of my pussy. She instinctually returned the lusty glance and relaxed her tensed body.

"Ryan," she whispered, turning her head toward him but unable to take her eyes away from mine. "I want to watch you fuck her." Ryan didn't say anything, but gave her a gentle squeeze and relaxed so that his formerly strong grip became an affectionate embrace. His eyes locked onto mine as well, as the group lust swept him up.

He released Angie, and she tumbled forward to lie beside me. We immediately locked lips furiously. Ryan crept forward slowly, and I couldn't help but turn to catch a glimpse of his now exposed, newly hardened cock and the thick testicles hanging below it. Angie continued to kiss and lick me on the cheek.

Ryan finally positioned himself and slowly lowered his body onto mine. The weight of his muscular frame pressed my little body firmly into the mattress. I felt the underside of his meaty cock press solidly against my clit and stomach, and I spread my thighs as best I could to allow his balls to drape against my pussy lips. He leaned down, bracing himself over me on his elbows, and began to imitate Angie, gliding his tongue and lips and chiseled jaw against my other cheek, which had begun to flush red with all the attention and arousal I was getting. His chest brushed lightly against my naked tits, and I gave my hands free reign to caress his sexy, bulging triceps muscles.

My whole body ached with desire, pressed beneath Ryan and enjoying the sweet attentions of Angie. I was on the edge of losing control. I felt like screaming out loud, but I knew the time for that was yet to come. I finally met Angie's tongue with mine and we kissed deeply for an eternity, while Ryan's lips traced along my collarbone and neck, and he suckled at my earlobe just as I'd done for him earlier.

I finally had to whimper a bit with desire, moaning softly into Angie's throat. I tried to move my hips, but I was truly pinned beneath Ryan's pelvis. He seemed to sense my desire, however, and raised himself only slightly, giving me enough room to rock against him, sliding my slickened clit along his shaft and giving his swelling balls a bath with my dripping pussy.

Now it was Ryan's turn to moan. He growled softly in my ear, apparently enjoying the feeling as much as I. He became more aggressive, running his lips and tongue over my cheek, across my jawline, and finally meeting Angie's tongue as it caressed my own. We became locked in a sloppy three-way kiss that was just heavenly. I whimpered some more as my self-control quickly eroded. Overcome with lust, I would have done anything just to get that huge cock inside me.

Ryan finally broke from the group kiss and raised his head, looking down on Angie and me as we continued on. When Angie broke off from the kiss and pulled back, lying on her side and brushing my hair out of my saliva-soaked face, I moaned in protest.

"Rye," I whined, "Rye, fuck me, fuck me..." I trailed off, breathless as I pressed my pussy into his manhood with renewed vigor. Ryan met Angie's gaze and the two grinned conspiratorially. Still locking eyes with Angie, he began to move his hips in rhythm with mine, sliding his drenched cock against my tender pussy.

"Well?" he said finally, offering an enquiring glance to Angie.

"Hell no," Angie answered. "I don't think she's earned it."

"Oh god, please don't!" I cried. I would be humiliated later to think back on how lowly I had begged, but for the moment, as I said, I'd do anything.

"Don't?" Ryan said, sharing another smile with Angie. "don't? Hey, I don't think she wants me to." He punctuated every other syllable with a hard thrust of his pelvis against me, pressing his cock harder against me. I yelped in pleasure and painful anticipation.

"Don't tease me," I begged. "Fuck me, please, please, please."

"What do we get in return?" Angie said, running her hand over Ryan's smooth back and kissing me on the forehead.

"Anything," I breathed.

"Anything we want?" Ryan said, and this time he lifted his pelvis away from me, sliding his cock across my pussy to its very tip, then positioned the tip of his dick against the entrance to my pussy and pressed softly, not quite enough to enter me.

"Anything! Anything!" I squealed, struggling to impale myself on his teasing cock. "Fuck me, Rye, fuck me, oh please, oh please, oh please." My voice eventually cracked but I kept on, whispering, "please, please, please," as I looked up at him with pleading in my eyes.

"You heard the girl," Angie said. Ryan relaxed his thighs and slowly let the weight of his body press his cock into me, parting the folds of my pussy and plowing into my love canal. I screeched in sweet pain as his thickness drove deeper and deeper into me. I was sure this was the biggest cock I'd ever had in me, and I felt as if it would split me in half. And he wasn't even fully inside me yet.

My cries and Ryan's groans intermingled in a dance of sounds. He lowered himself off his elbows, pressing his broad chest into my flattened tits. His arms snaked under my back and pulled me close to him. His dick slid in and out of my moist pussy, getting deeper on every downstroke. He sucked the sweaty skin of my white neck, and over his shoulder I could see the firm swell of his ass rising and falling as he fucked me. Lost in ecstasy, I was only barely aware of Angie's presence. And to Angie, that just wouldn't do.

Through the fog of pleasure in my brain, noticed Ryan's body come away from mine. I was worried for an instant that he might empty my pussy, but his cock remained throbbing inside me. I felt someone grip my ankles and lift my legs up toward my chest. When I finally became aware of what was happening, I saw Angie peering down at me, her beautiful pussy hovering just inches above my face as she leaned over. It was she who had me by the ankles. Ryan had raised himself to a kneeling position, his long cock still halfway inside me.

Angie pulled my legs a little farther, and spread them, fully exposing my naked cunt to Ryan. I gasped softly in pain as she pulled; I wasn't quite limber enough to be doing this, and my hamstrings stretched. Still, the discomfort was minimal, since I was yet overcome by the feeling of Ryan's well-moistened dick lodged between the flesh of my bare pussy.

Ryan shuffled closer to me, pressing his loins against my exposed inner thighs, and began to pump in earnest once again, fucking me with renewed vigor. I immediately set to whimpering and squealing; he was able to drive his cock's full length into me now, and he did so, pounding my spasming pussy. I could feel those thick balls slap hard against my slit with every thrust, and I went wild with pleasure, squirming and writhing my entire body.

After a few minutes of this, I felt Angie shift her weight. I saw one of her long thighs come to rest beside my head, followed by the other. She was straddling my face as she held my ankles.

"Angie..." I gasped in weak, unconvincing protest. This is something I hadn't bargained for.

"You said anything, sweetie," Angie remarked in a lilting voice that still managed to retain a sarcastic edge. She lowered herself onto my face. I first felt her soft pubic hair caress my chin, then the long, drooping skin of her labia met my lips. I sucked.

"Ohhh," she sighed, lowering herself even closer. I sucked her pussy as vigorously as I'd ever sucked dick. And the rewarding, tangy taste of her cunt was intoxicating.

Ryan kept pounding my pussy, growling loudly with each thrust as he looked down on the spectacle before him. He fucked me for only a few more minutes before my orgasm hit.

The teasing they'd given me before had already had me on the verge, but now, situated as I was, my climax exploded, washing over me in torrents of pleasure. Situated here, with the tastiest of pussies in my mouth and the most wonderful of cocks in my pussy, I was overcome. I writhed in pleasure, squealing into Angie's cunt as its drooping lips caressed my face.

Either my suckling or my shrieking pushed Angie over the edge, and she came with me, her silky pussy drenching my face and cheeks as we shared an orgasm.

As we slowly recovered, I heard Ryan's groans become more urgent. He was bucking against me furiously, and his face was drawn tight. I could tell he was about to cum.

"Don't cum in her," Angie commanded breathlessly, apparently noticing his inevitable climax also. She slinked forward, still mashing her pussy against my face, and I felt her hard nipples brush against the upper part of my stomach. I whimpered, unable to see what she was doing, but able to surmise from her position that she probably meant to take Ryan's cock in her mouth. I felt a sudden unbearable vacancy in my tortured pussy as Ryan pulled out of me. Sure enough, I heard sucking sounds and knew Angie must be languidly slurping his overloading dick.

After only a few seconds, Ryan let out a low growl that seemed to come up from his stomach, gathering in intensity as it finally reached his throat. He bucked hard against my thighs, and I felt his balls spasm as they slapped against my naked cunt, emptying themselves of his cream. But to where? I couldn't feel his cum on me as I had the last time.

Finally, Angie's pussy came away from me and I got a good look. Ryan was soaked with sweat, from head to toe, kneeling enraptured. His still stiff cock was perhaps the wettest part of him, however, soaked as it was with Angie's saliva and a few remaining droplets of his cum.

I realized what had happened just as Angie's face came into view. Her lips were pursed and her mouth closed. Her cheeks seemed to be bulging a little. She bent down to kiss me and, as our lips met, opened wide.

Warm globs of Ryan's cum dripped thickly out of her mouth, rolling off her tongue and lips, and covering my face. Our lips and tongues met, and we spread the goop all over one another's faces. The cum tasted so wonderful that I couldn't help but swallow every bit that came into my mouth. I finally resorted to licking the streams of cum from Angie's beautiful face and swallowing, swallowing, until I had licked her clean. She smiled and returned the favor, slurping every last drop from my face.

When our work was done, we shared a meaningful silence as she stroked my hair once again, settling beside me and snuggling her naked tan body against mine. We kissed again, just once more; a long, lingering, loving kiss that expressed all that we could never put into words. 

When the kiss broke, we pulled away, coming to lie on our sides, facing one another. We both looked to Ryan, offering a silent invitation. We had all three just finished making passionate love. There was no more need for words now.

Ryan accepted the offer, sliding forward onto the sheets and lying on his back between our naked bodies. We pressed ourselves against his relaxed, firm body, resting our heads on his chest. Ryan was asleep in minutes, but Angie and I remained awake for almost an hour, gazing lovingly at one another and silently promising that this would not be the last time we would share my new roomie.