 "So how long is Greg gone for?"

Sally looked up as Renee, her roommate walked into the kitchen.

"Until tomorrow night. He has lab on Friday so he has to come back."

They were all students at Boston University. Greg's family, like her own, lived back in Connecticut. They usually went down to visit together but she had an exam and couldn't make the trip.

"You miss him a lot?" Renee asked sitting across from her at the small, round table.

"You have no idea. But, he hasn't seen his parents in months." Sally answered, a heavy sigh escaping her. She really couldn't begrudge him for going. He was an only child and his parents doted on him. Unlike her, who had three brothers and a sister.

"Cheer up Sal. Tommy's coming over and we're going for pizza. Wanna come?"

Tommy was Renee's new one-look-and-your-panties-are-soaked boyfriend. He was such a hottie. And perfect for Renee. Not that Sally was interested in him. She loved Greg. And he loved her. But she still appreciated a piece of eye candy like Tommy.

"No thanks. Greg's going to call later. I don't want to miss him."

"Suit yourself." Renee got up and went into her room to finish getting ready.

Sally was just about to do the same when the doorbell rang.

"Hello gorgeous." Tommy said when she opened the door.

"Hello yourself handsome." She said, stepping back to let him in.

And Lord was he. He stood about 6'4". All solid muscle from playing football. His sandy blond hair was shoulder length and usually pulled back into a ponytail. Tonight though, he wore it loose.

She gave him plenty of room but still he managed to brush his body up against hers.

Sally closed her eyes and held back a groan. What she wouldn't give to be single and spend one night with him. Renee was her roommate after all and from the shouts and moans coming from her bedroom, she could only imagine the pleasure to be found with Tommy. Just the thought of having his body against hers was making her pussy cream.

"Renee's getting ready." She said, closed the door and moved to stand by the table.

"Thanks."

He walked into the small living room and flopped down on the couch. He patted the seat next to him. Sally shook her head. He flashed her a wicked smile.

"I don't bite Sally. Unless you want me to." He said with an arch of an eyebrow.

Fuck! That was sexy on a guy.

"Well, I don't want you to." She wanted to sound offended, but couldn't. She was so wet and aroused. Bite her? Hell, right now she wanted him to bend her over and fuck her tight pussy.

"Ready babe." Renee called walking into the room.

Sally never really envied any woman. She was comfortable with her brown curly hair, green eyes and 5'4" and 120 pound frame. Tommy and Renee made such a perfect couple. They complimented each other. Where he was light, she was dark. Black long hair and dark eyes. Only a few inches shorter than him, they didn't make and odd pair.

"Great. Let's go." Tommy stood and wrapped an arm around her waist. He guided her toward the kitchen.

"You sure you don't want to come?" Renee asked again as she zipped her purse closed.

"No thanks." A pity dinner wasn't on her list of things to do tonight. If she couldn't have Greg, she would have the next best thing.

"What's up? No Greg tonight?" Tommy asked as he opened the door.

"He's away. Sal's all alone tonight."

"Then come with us. Can't think of anything better then spending the night with two hot chicks."

"No thanks Tommy. Really. Greg's calling later." Being a third wheel wasn't really her style.

"Ok then. Let's go." He looked at Renee.

"Go start the car babe. I'll be right down."

Tommy winked at Sally then left.

"He likes you." Renee said after the door closed.

"I love Greg, Renee. I have no designs on Tommy. Honest." She hurried to reassure her. The last thing she wanted was to have Renee jealous of her. As if!

Renee laughed instead.

"Relax Sal. I know you don't. I just thought you should know. Tommy wants to fuck you."

"What!" Now she was shocked. That hunk of man wanted to fuck her? Okay, that was an ego boost.

"I don't mind." Renee moved closer and stroked her bare arm. "You're a very beautiful girl Sally." Renee leaned closer and kissed her lightly on the lips.

"Think about it." Renee whispered against her lips.

Sally stared wide-eyed as Renee smiled and left. She just stood there and stared at the closed door. Had Renee really just kissed her? Did Tommy really want to fuck her? Ok, this was too much to process. The last thing she needed to do was think about it. If she did, she just might....

Sally walked into her bedroom and sat down on the bed. Ok, this was totally freaking her out. Where the hell was Greg when she needed him? She was so hot right now. So turned on by the thoughts going through her mind she could hardly sit still. She needed relief. And she needed it now.

Laying back, she slid her hand into her shorts, into her panties, to her soaked pussy. Her fingertips traced her smooth, outer lips. She felt the evidence of her arousal coating her.

Sally spread her thighs wider. One long finger dipped inside her hot pussy. She moaned and rotated her hips. She wiggled her finger deep inside her. Her thumb found her swollen clit and she began to lightly stroke it.

With her other hand, she reached into the nightstand drawer and grabbed her trusty bullet. It was small, but it did the trick. And right now she needed it vibrating against her throbbing clit.

Slipping it into her panties, she parted her wet pussy lips and positioned the little silver cylinder inside her lips against her clit. She turned the dial to low and started a low buzzing. It took a couple of tries to get the right position. But after, she raised her knees up and turned up the vibration. Oh yeah, this was definitely what she needed.

Her other hand went under her shirt and squeezed her breast. Her fingers plucked at her hardened nipple. She twisted and pulled at it. The pleasure and pain of it shooting straight to her pulsing pussy.

"Hmmmm." She moaned. Her knees clamped together, holding the bullet against her clit. Her hips rocked.

Oh Yes! Her hips rocked faster. 

But she needed more. Leaving her breast she slid her fingers into her shorts, passed the vibrating bullet to her soaked hole. She spread her thighs and inserted her long middle finger deep inside her weeping cunt. In and out she sawed her finger. She stuck it in as far as it would go, wiggling it. massaging the spongy tissue.

Wanting more, needing more, she slid another finger inside her. Scissoring them. Spreading her pink lips wide. Her fingers fucked in and out of her wet pussy, filling the room with the squelching sounds of her wetness.

"Oh God! Oh God!" She chanted, the tightening in her stomach starting to build.

Her hips bucked against her hand. The sweet pressure was building deep inside her. She could feel her pussy starting to clench on her fingers. The bullet buzzed her aching clit. Her fingers plunged deep inside her.

"YES!" Sally cried, her hips shooting off the bed as her cream rushed from her spasming pussy and coated her fingers and hand.

She reached fro the dial on the bullet and turned it down to a low buzz. Breathing heavy, Sally slid her finger from her dripping pussy. Fuck, that was good. She was going to make sure the next time Greg went home, he fucked her raw before he left.

She started to roll over when a movement in the doorway caught her eye.

"Um, we decided on take home." A deep, familiar voice said from the doorway.

To be continued......