 This is a continued edition to my first roommate experience. A male roommate who was the beginning of my sexual adventure. These are factual events of my experiences. They may not be in chronological order but they happened.

***

I work for a lawyer's office Monday through Friday 9 to 5. I also work a second job at a local gym 4 nights a week. Its a Wednesday night and I'm getting home from work a little after 8 pm from the gym. There are several motorcycles parked in front of our house. I open the front door and find 5 guys sitting at the kitchen table playing cards. There is beer and cigars on the table and the guys are talking and laughing loud. This has happened before. They stay late and make a lot of noise. 

I have asked my roommate Jay to make it an earlier night the next time it happens, so I'm hopeful he cuts it short tonight. Jay asked me to join them for a beer. I look at the motley crew sitting there and think "No" but I didn't want to be a bitch. I walked over to the booze cabinet and grab a bottle of tequila and a bottle of Jack. 

I turn and say "No beer for me but this will work."

I walk slowly towards them and realize that I'm the center of attention. I stop and look myself up and down then say "Is my zipper down?" 

There are a few laughs and a comment "You're not wearing any zippers." 

"Duh! Genius." I reply.

I notice no one is doing shots so I get several shot glasses out on the table.

"Whats a game without shots. Who wants Jack and who wants Tequila?"

I poured the shots and we all down them. 

"One more before I go" I said. 

After we downed them I headed out of the kitchen. Jay said "You're coming back, right?" 

I replied "We'll see."

I shower and changed into a sweat suit and pulled my hair back into a ponytail. I returned to the kitchen where the boys were still playing poker. I was asked to join in the game.

"Not! I'll take one of those cigars instead." I said.

So there I sit with shots of tequila and a cigar watching the game. I'm sitting on the counter top as there are no seats at the table. Overtime, Jay needed a shot or a beer, I hop off the counter and pour it for him. 

He thanks me and I reply "Yes Sir." then return to the counter top. 

The guys are picking up on it and begin to comment, "Is she your servant or something?" 

Jay says "Something like that." with a laugh. 

I smile and say "I do whatever Jay asks."

"Anything?" one guy asks. 

I reply "yup, anything."

There's a few comments and laughs. 

Then I hear "Jay, have her serve us all another shot ... topless."

Jay looks at me with a smile. I wink at him and say "I got this, Sir." 

I hop off the counter, pull off my sweat shirt exposing my DD tits to all. I grab the bottle of Jack and pour more shots. 

"Gentlemen, heres to Jay." and we shoot the drinks down. 

Jay does his shot and gives me a look. Its kind of a smirk but mean. 

He says "Pour another, little lady." 

As I do, he says "The next winning hand gets a blow job from her."

I freeze in my tracks. "What?!" 

"You heard me little lady. Blow job!" he replied.

I'm quick to reply "Yes Sir."

Nervous and excited, I watch as the hand unfolds and Gary wins the hand. Gary is about 24 years old and works with Jay. He is cute, stocky, has a lightly bearded face and a great smile. 

They all turn and look at me. I smile and hop off the counter. My tits bounce up and down.

"Are we doing this here or the living room?" I ask. 

Jay says "On your knees and under the table." 

I get on all 4's and crawl under the table. Its cramped but do-able. I pull Gary's zipper down, undo his belt and jeans. He lifts up enough for me to pull them down where I first see his cock. Its semi hard and about 5 inches. I stroke it and start to lick the head. Its not responding right away but after several minutes and sucking it, I feel it harden quickly and begin to shoot cum in my mouth. I lock my throat shut so I don't swallow any and continue to suck his cock till it stops throbbing. I crawl back out from the under the table and go to the sink. I look back to see all the guys watching me with surprised looks on their faces. 

I lean over the sink and slowly drain the cum from my mouth. I spit then do another shot of tequila. I hop up on the counter and smile. 

"Lets see who wins the next hand." I say.

They applause and comment how hot that was. I look at Gary's smiling face and say "You good?" 

"Oh yes. I'm good. Thanks." he said.

I suck on the cigar and do another shot before the next hand is won. The guys are looking at their cards and at my tits as they play. Bob wins this time. 

Bob is a married 30 year old guy who is a tall chubby guy. He is sweet and funny. 

He said to me "You don't have to do this for me."

I said "Is it because you are married?" 

"No. I guess I'm a little shy about doing this in front of people." 

I hop off the counter. I take his hand and pull him out of his seat.

"We'll be back" I said as we walked out of the kitchen. I took him to my bedroom where I asked him to take his pants off and lay back on the bed. He does and as he lays back, I noticed his cock is rock hard and about 8 inches long. Thin but long. I get on the bed with him between his legs and began to suck his cock. It tastes salty. He doesn't do any grooming around his cock. There is a lot of hair. 

He grabs my head with his hands and begins to push my mouth down on him hard. He is trying to push his cock down my throat. I try to resist but can't. I hear him call me a slut. Then his cock explodes in my mouth. I tried not to swallow but the first shot went straight down my throat. Without gagging, I sucked till he stopped throbbing.

When he let go of my head, I shot up fast and spit the rest of the cum on his shirt. 

I gasped for air and yelled at him "You asshole! What the fuck was that?"

He said he was sorry but thats how he gets off. He forces himself on his wife roughly and she takes it. I just got up and headed out of the room down to the card game. When I get there, I'm told Lenny won the last hand. I drop to my knees and get under the table. I crawl to Lenny and undo his pants. His semi hard cock pops up in my face. I stroke him till he's harder then begin to suck his cock. I can hear the guys talking about how great this is and want to do this more often. 

Then I hear one guy say to Jay "Can we fuck her before we leave?" 

Jay said "Not tonight but maybe next time."

I feel a warm sensual feeling come over me when I heard that. I thought for a second that this could have been a gang bang. One of my fantasies. Suddenly my mouth is being filled with warm cum. I let him finish cumming in my mouth before I crawl out from under the table and spit his cum out into the sink. I do a shot of tequila and turn to see everyone looking at me with lust in their eyes. All of the sudden I feel very small. Cornered. Even frightened. It was a look I never witnessed before. It got me so nervous, yet excited at the same time. I froze. 

Jay stands and says "OK guys. Games over. Lets call it a night." 

"Oh come on Jay. I didn't get a blow job yet." said Al. 

Jay replied "The way you've been playing, you wouldn't get one anyway." 

"Lets go. Get a move on. Its late and we have to work tomorrow."

The guys get up and shuffle to the door saying "Thanks. great time, girl" and "You are really hot".

Thats when I realize I'm still topless. I dress then start to clean up the kitchen as Jay is outside with the guys. I hear the bikes start up and leave. Jay comes in and helps with the clean up. 

He asked me if I'm ok and I reply " I good but was surprised at how different each guy was." 

"How so?" he asked.

"Gary was hot and sexy. Lenny was awkward and Bob was too forceful. In fact, I don't like Bob vey much."

I continued, "If we do this again, I would want you there when Bob does me. I feel like he would hurt me."

Jay was quiet for a minute then said "Did he hurt you tonight?"

"No. Not really. He was just too forceful."

"I got really turned on doing this. I want to do it again and even fuck some of the guys if you are ok with it." I said with a smile.

Jay asked "Do you think Lea would be into it?" Referring to our friend.

"I doubt it but I'll see if she's interested." I know she is wild but not to this extent. 

Jay came up behind me and took hold of me. He said he was taking a shower now and wanted me to join him in the shower to wash his body. 

I do this for him often. Its part of my submission to him. I shower him, dry him and groom his cock and balls. We have been living together for 6 months now and have a routine of Dominance and submission. I have my choirs and services around the house. 

I keep the bathroom, kitchen and living room clean at all times. I am available to Sir (I refer to him as Sir) sexually whenever he wants. There are no limits on who I date or fuck. 

Thats my choice but do whatever Sir wants. 

We also have my friend Lea involved as well. She and I have found that we like fucking each other and Jay. She joins us most weekends. She will come over Friday night and stay till Sunday or Monday. We have choirs and tasks to do while dressed the way Jay wants.

He took us shopping at a kink store a while back where we bought several sexy things to wear as we work and play around the house. 

The work around the house is fun. It could involve butt plugs or nipple clamps. There are times where Lea is on her knees cleaning the bath tub and Jay will put a leather collar and leash on me. Have me on all 4's then lead me to the bathroom and order me to lick her asshole as she cleans. Or Lea is collared and on her knees with her face in my ass as I wash the dishes. 

Jay likes to have us in either a see through top or no top at all and just a thong around the house. He will order a pizza to be delivered and leave money on the table. We have to answer the door in our outfits when it comes. Lea gets really turned on when he does this. One time a guy came to the door and I knew him from the gym. I was totally nervous the whole time he was here. 

Jay wants me to give one of the delivery guys an oral tip. I'm nervous yet turned on by it. Lea is excited by it but too shy to do it. We'll see how that goes when it happens.

At night if we go out, Jay will tell us what to wear. Summer time we never wear panties in short skirts or dresses. He has fingered us and has fucked us in public. He has flashed us to other people as well. All these are other stories though. Back to where I left off ...

I set up the shower for him and join him in the shower. He washes his face as I start at his chest and soap him up. I love doing his arms. They are hard and shaped perfectly. His forearms are massive. The veins are thick. The biceps and triceps are big. He has a few tattoos that are sexy as hell. 

Soaping up his stomach is a turn on too. His very hard six pack feels good under soap. Then his cock and balls. What I like is when I begin to soap it up, I feel his balls tighten up and his thick cock begins to stand proud. Its a beautiful sight.

I soap his balls and squeeze them. I stroke his cock. Then I soap his ass sliding my fingers up and down the crack and cheeks. 

I will stroke him, I finger his asshole. I massage his prostate. Sometimes he will cum shooting his load against the wall. Some times he will just turn me around and take me from behind shooting his load inside me. There are times when I will suck his cock as I wash his legs and feet. Or he will turn while I'm doing his legs and I will tongue his ass and stroke his cock to till he cums. 

I wash his back and rinse him down. He steps out of the shower and I towel his body down, drying him. At times I will assist him in grooming his cock, balls and ass. All of this is a huge turn on for me. I love catering to him like this. Lea does as well. I some times watch her groom him and I masturbate to it. He takes all this like its naturally expected. 

He gives me a kiss and takes me to bed. He lays me down, gets into my bed then goes down on me sucking my clit till I cum on his face. After a couple of minutes, he leaves me and goes to his room. "Good Night."