 "I don't understand?" Sally said, shaking her head.

"It's not that difficult Sally. Tommy and I like to share women. We were really lucky to find Renee. And now we found you."

"You fucked Renee?" Sally asked in an accusing tone.

"You fucked Tommy. And Renee." He added.

"Tommy?" She wasn't sure if she wanted to know the answer.

"Tommy has a nice cock and I like watching him fuck women, but I love pussy Sally."

Sally put her hand to her forehead and walked to the couch. She didn't understand any of this. Wasn't a boyfriend supposed to be pissed when you fucked another guy and ate another woman out? But here was Greg, totally accepting of the entire thing. And he wanted her to have a foursome. Could she do that?

"I really don't understand any of this. How many times have you and Tommy done this? And why didn't you tell me?"

"We have done it a few times, but we have only shared one woman before. Usually one of our girlfriends. We have only ever had a threesome. We have never found two girls who are willing. But we have Renee. And now you." He said sitting down next to her.

"And telling someone that you like to have a threesome and possibly a foursome isn't something you share over coffee. I had to make sure that you would be into this."

"So why not just ask me."

"And what would you have said? You would have flipped out. I've had that reaction before Sally. But I didn't want that with you. I knew you were special the first time I met you. And I knew that, given time and the opportunity, you would come to enjoy what we all could share."

"So that night was a test?"

"Not really. I had no idea that was going to happen. We talked about it. But it was only supposed to be Renee. Not both of them." Greg picked up her hand and held it. His eyes searched hers. He tried to find a trace of disgust in her eyes. But he didn't. Could she be the one?

"Did you enjoy it?"

"Yes." She whispered.

"Which part?"

"All of it. God, it felt so..."

"Erotic? Sexy?"

"Hot. I had always..." Her voice trailed off. She couldn't tell him.

"Always thought about being with a woman." He finished for her.

Sally's eyes snapped to his.

"Yes."

"How about two guys?"

"Sometimes."

Jackpot!!!

"Let's do it Sal. If it gets too much and you want to stop, just say so. No one will make you do something you don't want to. That's not what this is about. It's all about pleasure. Yours and ours. What do you say?"

She was nervous. Never in her wildest dreams did she ever think she would be having this conversation. Then again, she never thought she would have had a threesome and eat another woman's pussy. And enjoy it so much. Maybe there was something wrong with her. Or, maybe, there was nothing wrong. Maybe she was a just a normal woman who enjoyed sex. In any form.

She looked at Greg. She loved him. And he loved her. She knew he wanted this. And surprisingly, she wanted this too.

"Ok Greg." She said softly, still not believing she was agreeing to it.

"Really?" His eyes widened in hope.

"Yes."

****

"Are you sure about this Sal?" Renee asked coming out of her bedroom. Tommy was right behind her.

"I'm sure." She said softly.

And she was. The thought of feeling Renee's hands and mouth on her body again had her pussy all ready creaming. Renee smiled and walked over and hugged her. 

"You are going to love this Sal. It's going to so much better that what we did. Trust me."

Sally stood still and let Renee undress her. Her clothes ended up in a pile within moments. She resisted the urge to cover herself. After all, everyone in the room had all ready seen her naked. 

She closed her eyes as Renee ran her hands over her shoulders and down her chest. Her fingers strumming across her erect nipples. She watched as Renee bent her head and took one into her mouth. She sighed and closed her eyes.

Greg came up behind her. He, too, was naked. She could feel his rigid cock in the cleft of her ass. His arms circled her waist. His hands slid up her stomach and cupped her generous breasts, lifting it up to Renee's hungry mouth.

Sally let her head fall back against Greg's solid chest. She let his hands massage and plump her breasts. Renee continued to suck and tongue her, taking turns with each nipple.

Her eyes snapped open as she felt another pair of lips close over her other nipple. She looked down and saw Tommy's eyes staring up at hers as his tongue laved her. It was such a sight. She couldn't take her eyes off of his as he tongued and sucked on her ever hardening peak. Then she gasped as his teeth clamped over it and gave it a little tug.

"Feel good?" Greg asked in her ear.

"Yes." She hissed and turned her head to look up at Greg. His lips caught hers in a deep kiss. His tongue slipped inside her mouth to mate with hers.

Greg supported her breasts for their hungry mouths. She couldn't raise her arms; they were trapped at her sides by Greg's. She wanted to hold them to her. But all she could do was just feel. And enjoy. And she did. With each lick, suck and pull, her pussy creamed even more. She could feel the wetness coating her bare pussy lips. Her clit was throbbing. Begging for attention. She could feel the pulsing of it throughout her body.

She wiggled her ass against Greg. His cock rubbed her. The thickness of him filling the crack between her ass cheeks.

"You want it, don't you baby" Greg growled against her lips.

"Yes." She hissed. Her back arched to force more of her breasts into the two mouths sucking her.

Suddenly the mouths were gone. Sally opened her eyes and looked down. Her nipples were pink and wet. They tingled. She missed them all ready.

"On the couch." Greg ordered, coming around to face her.

She saw Tommy and Renee quickly undress. Tommy moved and stretched his long body down on the couch. His head hung over the arm rest. Renee stood over his head, his hungry mouth eating away at her pussy.

Sally moved slowly to the couch. She looked back at Greg. His hand was at her back, guiding her. When she stood by his side, she looked up at Greg.

"Suck his cock Sally. I want to watch you."

Okay, she could do this. It wasn't like she hadn't had his cock in her mouth before. And with Greg there, giving his permission, seeing the desire in his eyes, she knew it was what he wanted. Sally knelt by the couch and leaning over, took Tommy's thick cock deep into her mouth.

"That's it Sal. Suck that cock." Greg encouraged from her side.

Sally lifted her eyes to see Greg stroking his own hard cock. His hands matched the rhythm of her head as she continuously swallowed Tommy's cock.

She heard Renee moaning and turned her head to watch as Tommy devoured the other womans pussy. His fingers had her pussy lips spread wide and his tongue flicked furiously over her swollen clit.

"Yes Tommy. Fuck YES!" She cried out as she orgasmed and ground her pussy against his face.

Tommy's cock grew harder as he slurped from Renee's soaked pussy. The sounds of sex filled her ears. Sally was so turned on by watching Renee and sucking Tommy's cock. She, too, needed to come. She wanted to feel her own orgasm rush through her body.

With her hands, she stroked Tommy's cock and caressed and squeezed his balls.

"Fuck Sal, I'm going to come." Tommy warned, his hands tangling in her hair. He moved her faster on him.

Sally looked at Greg. He smiled. She knew what he wanted her to do. She tightened her lips and sucked Tommy harder.

"Jesus! Christ!" Tommy roared a moment before he shot his hot cum deep inside Sally's waiting mouth. His hips bucked off the couch as he emptied himself.

"Fuck baby, that was wonderful." Greg's voice sounded by her head.

Sally licked her lips and lifted her face. Greg's cock was now level with her mouth. Oh what the hell...

She moved closer and wrapped her lips around Greg's straining cock. She heard him moan as she sucked on just the tip of him. Her tongue swirling around the sensitive ridge.

"You really know how to suck cock baby." Greg crooned, his hand sifting through her hair and holding her to him.

Sally was so fucking hot from sucking Tommy and Greg's cocks that she thought she would explode. She needed to come. She slipped her hand down between her thighs to her own sopping pussy.

"Oh no Sally, none of that." Greg said, pulling his cock from between her lips. "You poor baby. You need to come, don't you?"

"Yes."

"Lie down. Let us show you how good this can be."

Sally let Tommy guide her down on the couch. She could only lie there and watch as Tommy and Renee sucked her breasts while Greg settled between her thighs. He lifted her legs over his shoulders, opening her to his hungry eyes.

"I can smell how aroused you are." Greg said, and then he took a deep breath. "Now, I want to taste this pussy."

Before Sally could say anything, Greg's tongue made a slow swipe through her soaked slit. Her hips shot off the couch.

"Easy baby. This is going to feel so fucking good." Greg said, his deep voice vibrating off the aching flesh of her cunt.

Sally let her head fall back against the couch. Her hands came up and she played her fingers though Tommy and Renee's hair. Their mouths suckling at her breasts. Their teeth lightly scraping. The sensations of having both her breasts sucked on at the same time shooting straight to her pussy, where Greg feasted on her.

He flicked her throbbing clit with the tip of his tongue. Slow. Fast. Slow. With his thumbs, he spread her bare pussy lips wide. The sounds of him lapping and sucking on her wet cunt filled the room. He ate her like a staving man. He licked and sucked her. He stuck his tongue deep inside her dripping hole. His teeth pulled on her clit. The sensations were killing her. She needed to come. She could feel the tension building in her body.

"YES! YES!" She cried out.

They all continued to torture her. Greg's tongue fucked in and out of her pussy. His thumb rubbed her clit furiously.

"Come on baby. Come for me." He encouraged as he stuck his tongue deeper inside her and wiggled it.

"Oh God! Oh God! YES!" Sally lifted her hips as she cried out with her release.

Greg still sucked at her pussy, swallowing her cream as if flowed, his hands holding her tight against his mouth. 

Tommy and Renee left her breasts. They stood and walked to the end of the couch, watching. Tommy's hands caressing Renee's pussy.

"Fuck baby, you are delicious. Now I have to fuck you." He lifted himself above her. His cock poised at her opening. "Do you want that? Do you want me to fuck your sweet pussy?"

"Yes Greg. Please!"

Greg spread her thighs wide with his body. He rubbed his cock over her wet lips, anointing just the tip with her cum. He tapped his cock lightly against her swollen clit, before plunging deep inside her.

Sally cried out. Her hips lifted to take him deeper. Greg came over her, his arms supporting him above her. His eyes staring down into hers.

"Come on Sal. Come again." He growled as he pumped into her. 

Sally wrapped her legs high around his waist and took him deeper. His balls slapped against her ass as he plunged into her. His pubic hair rubbed against her bare cunt lips. His cock rubbing her clit with each thrust.

"Yes Greg! Yes baby!" Sally arched her back and cried out as her body shuddered in orgasm. 

Her pussy clenched on Greg's cock, milking him. Seconds later he threw back his head with an answering shout and erupted deep inside her clenching pussy.

Greg leaned down and kissed her. His tongue slid into her mouth and mated with hers. He growled as she sucked on his tongue. Her fingernails lightly scoring his back and shoulders. 

Greg slid out of her and sat back on his thighs. He reached down and pulled Sally into his arms. He re-positioned them until he was lying down and Sally straddled him.

"Ride me baby."

Sally looked down and saw that he was still hard. She couldn't believe it. His cock glistened with her cum. She raised herself up and slowly impaled herself on him. She closed her eyes and arched her back as she took him deep. Sally placed her hands on his chest and lifted her hips on him. 

"That's it Sally. Fuck me baby." Greg said, his hands settled on her hips, guiding her.

Sally opened her eyes and stared at Renee and Tommy as they stood behind Greg. Licking her lips, Sally leaned forward and began to lick at Renee's swollen and exposed clit.

Renee lifted her leg onto the couch, exposing herself better. Sally bent her head, her breasts bouncing before Greg's hungry mouth. Sally rested her hands on the arm rest and began to lick and suck on Renee's clit. Renee moaned and rocked her hips. Sally lifted her hand and stuck one long finger deep inside Renee's tight pussy. She could feel the slide of Tommy's cock as he fucked Renee's ass.

Sally bounced on Greg's cock, his hungry mouth bit and sucked on her nipples, she finger fucked Renee and sucked on her clit as Tommy fucked her ass. In the back of her mind, she still couldn't believe she was doing this. And loving it. The feelings, the smells, the tastes. It all overwhelmed her. 

And deep down, she could feel the tension building again in her body. The taste and smell of Renee was intoxicating. The fullness of Greg inside her, her pussy lips stretched around him, his teeth pulling on her nipples and...OH, his hands grabbing her ass as he slid one finger along her asshole.

"Fuck me Tommy." Renee moaned, one hand holding Sally's head against her while the other pulled on her own nipple.

"Oh yeah baby, here it comes..." Tommy bent Renee forward as he thrust deep into her. His cock exploded filling her as with his milky cum.

"YES!" Renee cried out as her pussy clenched as Sally continued to finger fuck her.

Renee fell back against Tommy. His lips caressed her cheek. His eyes found Sally's and he smiled. "Now, it's your turn."

Sally looked down at Greg. He watched her. Her turn? What exactly did he mean? 

"Relax Sally." Greg said as he felt her tense up. "You will enjoy this."

Sally felt the couch dip and then felt Tommy's lips on her back.

"Greg?"

"We'll stop if you want too. Do you want to?"

Sally felt Tommy rub his wet cock between her spread ass cheeks. His tip just pressing on her puckered hole. Did she want to stop? Was she ready for this? Greg had tried to convince her to have anal sex, but she said she wasn't ready. Was she ready now?

She took a deep breath. She could do this. They had promised to stop if she wanted them too. Sally closed her eyes and concentrated on Greg's cock inside her. She felt his hand move and then his thumb started to rub at her clit. She opened her eyes and stared at Renee. She looked down and saw Greg's mouth buried against Renee's cunt. His tongue flicking her.

"Tommy?" She called his name softly.

"Relax Sally. This is the best part." His voice whispered on her neck sending goose bumps down her body.

Tommy continued to rub his cock against her. Sally remembered how thick he was. Would he even fit in her?

"Greg? I don't think he'll fit."

Greg lifted his head from between Renee's thighs.

"Relax baby. Tommy knows what he's doing" He said and returned to eating out Renee.

Oh, well in that case.....

"Just breathe deep and push out when I tell you to. Okay." Tommy's voice said by her ear.

Sally tried to relax. Greg's stroking her clit had her cunt cream flowing over his cock. She felt Tommy's fingers on her pussy then sliding back to her ass. He was taking her juices and lubing up her ass. She felt Tommy's hands on her back, bending her forward toward Greg's chest. 

Tommy held her hips still as he positioned his cock at the puckered hole. He rubbed the tip against it. He pushed gently forward, watching as just the tip started to press into her.

"Okay Sally, push out now."

Sally did as she was told. She could feel the stretching and burning as Tommy penetrated inside her tight, virgin ass.

"Almost there." Tommy groaned.

Sally couldn't take anymore. The pain was slowly turning to pleasure. She needed to move. She needed to have both cocks deep inside her. Taking a deep breath again, she pushed back, taking Tommy's cock all the way up her ass.

They both cried out.

Tamdemly, they fucked her. Tommy withdrew while Greg plunged deep.

Sally lay against Greg's chest as they fucked her. Greg's face was still buried deep in Renee's cunt. Sally could smell the other woman's cream. She could feel Renee's hand in her hair. Stroking her. Comforting her. Sally lifted her head and began to lick her clit as Greg tongue-fucked her.

"God Sal, your pussy is so tight on my cock." Greg said, his voice muffled.

"She's so fucking tight. I'm not going to last long." Tommy added, his thrusts becoming faster. His fingers digging in to the flesh at her hips.

"Oh yes." Renee moaned, her hands going to her breasts and pulling hard on her nipples. 

Sally watched as she rocked her pussy over Greg's face. She took her clit into her mouth. Sucking hard on it.

"YES!" She cried out, arching her back and flooding Greg's face with her juices.

"FUCK!" Tommy cried out as he watched Renee come.

Greg looked up at Sally. 

"Come on baby. Now it's your turn."

With Tommy still buried in her ass, Greg rubbing her clit and fucking her pussy, Sally felt the tightening. The coiling that started deep in her belly and was quickly spreading. 

"Yeah. I can feel you baby. Your pussy is starting to clench on me." Greg said, his thumb rubbing faster.

"Yes! Yes! Yes!" Sally chanted as her orgasm built.

"YES!!!!" She cried out suddenly, her body tensing as she felt her pussy and ass clench on the two cocks buried deep inside her. 

"FUCK YES!" Tommy cried out, his cock stiffening and shooting its load deep inside her tight ass.

"BABY!" Greg shouted, his cock erupting deep inside her pussy, flooding it with his cum.

Sally fell onto Greg's chest. She felt his arms come around her holding her. His cock still jerking inside her. Tommy slid his cock from her ass and slid off the couch onto the floor. 

"God Sal..." Greg said between gasps of breath.

Sally rubbed her face on Greg's chest. She couldn't catch her breath. The feeling of having two cocks inside her, of licking and sucking on Renee's cunt, had her body shuddering.

"That was..." Tommy said panting, trying to find the right words.

Sally turned her head and saw Tommy and Renee lying on the floor. His hands lightly caressing Renee's pussy.

"Incredible?" Renee offered.

"Hot?" Sally added.

"Just the beginning" Greg finished. 

All four of them laughed as they agreed with Greg.

This was just the beginning.