 Startled, Sally sat up to see Tommy and Renee standing in her bedroom doorway. She could feel her face heat with embarrassment. They had seen the whole thing.

"Don't be embarrassed Sal. That was so hot." Renee said, moving to sit beside her.

Sally tried to move off the bed, but Renee caught her hand. Her other hand came up and stroked her cheek.

"What are you doing?" Sally asked, her eyes wide. 

Renee smiled and leaned close. She brushed her lips across Sally's parted ones.

Sally couldn't move. She thought it would feel weird, being kissed by a girl. But her lips were soft. And they tasted of strawberries.

"It's okay Sal."

"I don't think..." Sally started to protest but was cut short by Renee's lips covering hers.

The kiss seemed to go on forever. Renee's lips parted over hers and Sally felt the slide of her tongue against hers. She wanted to be shocked. Horrified. But instead, she felt her nipples harden and her clit start to pulse.

Hesitantly, she lifted her hand and caressed Renee's cheek. Renee's kisses became bolder. Her tongue thrust deep inside Sally's mouth. Sally's tongue stroked it. Sucked on it. Both girls began to moan.

Sally wasn't surprised when she felt herself being lowered to the bed. Renee took her hands and raised them above her head. She just lay there as Renee began to lift her shirt over her stomach, past her breasts and finally drew it over her head. Immediately, Sally moved to cover herself.

"No." Renee took her hands and placed them back. "Don't move them."

Renee stood then and went to the bottom of the bed. Keeping her eyes on Sally's, she leaned over and pulled down Sally's shorts and panties. She was now completely naked. Renee came back to the side of the bed and removed her own clothes.

Renee reached down and picked up the bullet.

"Cute toy. I'll have to get one." She said tossing it to the floor.

"Fuck that." Tommy grunted, looking at the little toy.

Sally's eyes clashed with Tommy's as he stood in the doorway watching. His hand rubbed over his hard cock straining against his jeans.

"You have a beautiful body Sally." He said, moving more into the room. He stood at the foot of the bed. Just watching. He made no move to touch her.

Sally swallowed hard. Her hands fisted in the pillow above her head. She was so wet. She could feel her juices leaking from her pulsing pussy. Every part of her ached to be touched. 

"Kiss her." Tommy said, his head nodding toward Renee.

Without a second thought, Sally leaned toward her and kissed the brown curls of Renee's pussy. She wasn't shaved like herself but neatly trimmed. She felt Renee's hand stroke over her hair. She looked up and caught her gaze. Renee lifted one leg on the bed, exposing her wet, pink pussy to her.

Deep down, in the most secret places of her mind, Sally had fantasized what it would be like to be with a woman. But she had always thought of it as wrong. But yet, here she was, with a beautiful woman, being given the opportunity to fulfill that fantasy. Who would know? Just the three of them. And since they were participating as well, she was sure they wouldn't want anyone to know.

"Lick her pussy Sally." Tommy order. He moved to stand behind Renee. He, too, was now naked.

Sally moved to the edge of bed and touched her tongue to Renee's exposed clit. 

"Hmmm." Renee sighed, thrusting her hips forward.

Encouraged, Sally used her fingers to spread her pussy lips wide. Her clit was swollen and pink. Her pussy was coated with a clear, thick cream. Sally ran her tongue along her soaked slit. It wasn't what she had expected. She had thought the taste would be bitter. It wasn't. She swallowed the sweet honey. Again, she licked her, gathering the cream on her tongue before swallowing. And again, this time, her tongue delved into her slick hole. With her thumb she rubbed Renee's clit.

Renee rocked against her mouth. The hand stroking her hair, now fisted in it and held her tight against her pussy. Sally inhaled her musky scent. It was intoxicating. She pulled her lips wider and stuck her tongue deep inside Renee's wet, tight hole again. Again and again she tongue fucked her.

"Oh yes!" Renee cried, her hips bucking wildly as Sally continued to eat at her. Her tongue diving repeatedly inside her.

Sally felt the clenching of Renee's pussy on her tongue a moment before she felt her juice flow from her cunt and flood her mouth and chin. She lapped and sucked up every drop before falling back on the bed panting.

Sally looked up and watched as Tommy's hands played with Renee's breasts. Squeezing and kneading them. Pulling on her hard nipples. Renee continued to rotate her hips and Sally realized that Tommy's cock was buried deep inside Renee's ass

Tommy's eyes held Sally's as he pumped into Renee in slow, deep thrusts. Renee's eyes were closed and her finger now rubbed her clit. Sally's fingers found her own clit and began to rub.

"Now." Tommy whispered into Renee's ear.

Her eyes slowly opened and she looked at Sally. With a smile, Renee bent forward, pushed Sally's fingers aside and placed her mouth on her clit. Sally's head fell back with a groan.

"Open your eyes Sally." Tommy said, his hands holding Renee's hips as he fucked her faster now.

Sally held his gaze as his girlfriend ate her pussy. Her slurping sounds filled the room.

"How does it feel? How do you like having a woman lick and suck on your sweet pussy?"

"Great." She breathed.

"And how does it taste?"

"Hot."

"Oh yeah baby. Eating pussy is so fucking hot!" Tommy agreed, his hips pounding against Renee's ass cheeks.

"Oh yeah! Oh yeah!" He pulled out and with a growl, shot his load across Renee's back. He grunted and groaned and jerked as spurt after spurt of cum shot from his cock.

"Oh baby." Renee purred as Tommy rubbed his cum into her back.

Renee now knelt on the bed and concentrated on Sally's sweet pussy. Sally laid back and closed her eyes. She felt Renee lick her bare lips before spreading them wide and blowing on the sensitive flesh exposed. Her cool breath on her hot clit sent goose bumps over her skin.

Renee's tongue came out and flicked her clit. She continued to flick while one hand moved and a long finger slipped deep inside her.

Sally moaned and slowly started to move her hips. Renee removed her finger and began to fuck her with her tongue. She felt Renee's finger slide lower and lightly press on her asshole. Her entire body jerked. She wasn't much into anal play but that felt great.

"Oh God!" Sally moaned, her hands reaching down to fondle her own breasts. She plucked and pulled at her straining nipples.

She felt the bed dip and her head turned to see Tommy kneeling beside her. His cock inches from her mouth.

"Suck my cock Sally."

Without thought, Sally opened her mouth and took him deep. She could taste the mixture of his cum and Renee's juice on him. It turned her on. Her hand came up and fondled his balls as her mouth sucked him. She heard him groan and begin to thrust his hips against her face.

Renee continued to feast on her, driving her relentlessly toward the orgasm that was building inside her.

Sally tore her mouth away from Tommy's cock just as her release rushed through her.

"Oh Fuck!" She cried, her pussy clenching, her cum rushing from her pussy into Renee's waiting mouth.

Sally tried to catch her breath as Renee sucked on her hole. It was the most explosive orgasm she had ever had. The shudders were still coursing through her body when she felt Tommy's thick cock plunge deep into her.

"Oh God!" She screamed as his fullness stretched her pussy lips wide. He was big. Bigger than Greg. Thicker.

Sally wasn't sure how much more she could take. Her pussy was still clenching. Her clit was super sensitive. Even with Greg, she was only good for two orgasms. Now, with Tommy's hard cock pounding deep inside her, she could feel the building of a third.

Renee came up and kissed her softly on the mouth.

"I can't...take...anymore." She panted.

"Yes you can Sal. You're loving every fucking minute of it. Aren't you?" Tommy asked as he fucked her. 

"YES!" She screamed as Tommy's fingers found her clit and pulled on it.

"Fuck me Tommy! Harder!" Sally shouted. She no longer cared. Each orgasm was better than the last. She wanted this one. She needed this one. Just one more.....

Renee moved down her body. Her mouth closed over one breast. She kissed and sucked. Her tongue laved her nipple before taking between her teeth and roughly pulling on it.

Sally arched off the bed. She was close. So fucking close. She just needed something. One more thing....

Renee moved lower and flicked her clit with her tongue as Tommy pumped furiously into her.

That was it!

"OH FUCK YES!" Sally's hips came off the bed as her orgasm coursed through her.

Renee continued to lick and suck her as Tommy pulled out and shot his load all over her pink, raw pussy. Renee moved lower still and caught his cum as it spurted from the tip of his pulsing cock.

"Oh hell." Tommy panted, flopping down on the bed next to Sally. 

With one last lick across her clit, Renee laid down on her other side.

"Holy shit." Sally rasped out. Her breathing labored. Her body covered in sweat and cum.

Tommy and Renee laughed.

"You can say that again." Renee said, reaching out and caressing her breast.

Tommy reached out and did the same to her other one. Sally closed her eyes and just enjoyed the sensations. Nothing could be better than this.

To be continued...