 Sophomore year I started dating this goofy fun likeable mutt, Dennis. He is 5-11 and 160 with long legs and a sweet butt, oh so cute with a thick mop of blonde hair and let's just say, he took care of my needs. It was a couple of weeks before I met his dorm roommate, Quentin who besides being a small guy 5-5 and 130 pounds looked like a bookworm with his little wire glasses. 

One really hot fall afternoon I stopped by after Dennis texted me complaining about a headache. Well besides some aspirin I had a cure for that. I got there and he was sitting on the bed with Quentin behind him massaging his shoulders. They were both without shirts and were wearing gym shorts. Nothing really weird about that I thought because of the heat, hell I was wearing shorts and a tank top.

Dennis had his legs stretched out straight in front of him and Quentin had his spread wide outside of his roommate's. Now I'm 5-2 and all of 115 pounds and if it's not bragging too much a pretty hot redhead so seeing there was room on the bed behind Quentin I sat down behind him spreading my little legs outside of his. 

Feeling like being a tease, and wishing it was Dennis in front of me, I hugged Quentin around the chest and whispered in his ear, "You're a good man, looking out for your guy. You deserve some kind of reward."

Quentin turned his head and replied, "That's a good thought if you've got a spare reward I'll gladly accept it."

Well I decided to be more playful and slid my hands down past Quentin's stomach and reached for his shorts. What I got was a handful and the surprise of my life to that point because I could feel one stiff and seriously hefty dick. Doing my best to gauge its' size I found myself fondling it through his shorts with both hands and whispering in Quentin's ear, "Oh my I had no idea."

Quentin leaned his head back and said, "Oh I certainly have some ideas."

My hands must have bumped into Dennis's butt because he said, "Annette I'm guessing you've discovered Q's secret weapon." 

"Yeah and it's not a secret anymore." I replied.

And with that I reached into Quentin's shorts and got my left hand on his stiff cock. It was so thick I could hardly get my little hand all the way around but what I had felt pretty damn good. That's when Dennis slid forward and flipped over ending up between his roommates' legs, looking at me stroking his dick inside his shorts. 

My level of surprise jumped up one notch when I looked around Quentin's shoulder just as Dennis slipped the waistband of his roommate's shorts over my hand to see that I was gripping a stiff 8 inch cock. Then the shock meter went up two more notches when Dennis bent down and took the head of Quentin's dick in his mouth. 

I don't know how long it took me to have that register but I didn't let go of the base of Quentin's cock as Dennis was getting going on the top end. With no need now to whisper I went all Captain Obvious, "So you guys are closer than just roommates. Huh." 

Quentin rubbed the top of Dennis' head and replied, "We didn't make any kind of plan or pact. One day Dennis was naked and ready to get in the shower as I got out, he grabbed a towel and standing behind me put it around me and took my cock in his hand. And we just went with it from there."

"He never mentioned being Bi." I said.

Quentin responded, "He told me it never entered his mind before and I never had either, college experimentation I guess. We talked and agreed we both love pussy but we had fun together so why not."

Quentin and I were the only ones conversing as Dennis was occupied. I was impressed that Dennis was able to suck a good half of Q's 8 inches Quentin said, "Why don't you get your shorts off and stand up in front of me, I would love to taste your pussy Annette."

Just goes to show how absorbed I was with what was going on but I'm glad Quentin was thinking. I quickly rolled out from behind him and tossed my shorts and panties aside before stepping over my boyfriend's head as it bounced up and down on Q's dick and presented my snatch to the little guy's smiling face. 

I could feel Dennis moving below me as Quentin darted his tongue into my pussy. It was quickly apparent to me that the little guy was no stranger to eating pussy because he was doing one fine job on mine. I was enjoying myself immensely as Quentin darted his tongue into my pussy, flicked my clit, nibbled on the insides of my thighs, damn this was good. As Quentin squeezed my hot tight butt my knees trembled and I came, barely able to stay on my feet. Looking down I pulled Quentin's head back and said, "Fuck that was fabulous."

He smiled and said, "Why thank you I rather enjoyed it myself but not as much as if your sweet pussy was riding my stiff cock."

That sounded like an even more fabulous idea so I stepped over Quentin to grab a condom from the nightstand, where I knew they were, then pulled Dennis off from the terrific blowjob he was giving and said, "You've done an excellent job there Dennis but it's time to let that big cock take a trip where it's never been."

Dennis smiled and said, "Be my guest Annette I'd like to see you ride Q's weapon." 

"Oh you are sweet Dennis" I replied, "And that's just what I intend to do."

As I rolled the condom down Quentin's cock my mouth was watering, as was my pussy, just thinking about stuffing it up in me. Condom in place I jiggled Q's lovely balls in my hand before straddling his hips and rising up to mount his cock. With Quentin leaning forward to hold his cock steady I held my breath as I eased down pushing the big head past my pussy lips and we both groaned as I took it in and got going. 

It was an incredible feeling as I eased myself up and down, Q's big dick expanding my wet snatch. Fortunately my little legs are strong enough to allow me to take my time and fully enjoy the little guy's big boner. I looked at Quentin who was smiling as broadly as I was working at least half of his cock in me and it felt like the best half. That is until I made my big move and sank down to take the full 8 inches in me and to places I have rarely known. 

As I rode Quentin's big dick for all I was worth I got the added bonus of glancing down to see Q give Dennis a hand job. I had my wits about me enough to realize that I would be the beneficiary of Quentin's handiwork in due time. Oh these boys are quite the team. So I continued to bounce wildly on top of Quentin, slamming down on him and getting the pleasure of every bit of his 8 inches. 

When Quentin came, and I was happily and well fucked, I crawled up and lowered my firm boobs to his smiling face. Not unaware of the situation my sweet Dennis got himself a condom and kneeling down behind me was kind enough to poke his stiff cock into my pussy. I was so wet and happy it took only a few strokes before with a good hold of my slender hips Dennis was smacking against my ass pumping his 7 inches in and out of me. 

Oh it was sweet getting fucked good and hard by my charming boyfriend while my new little buddy suckled my firm boobs. What more could a girl ask for? Well of course I could always think of more to ask for. Dennis was really pounding my pussy smacking against my sweaty ass as he held my in place. Finally my boyfriend wrapped his long slender arms around my waist and squeezed me tightly as he can buried to the balls in me. Oh damn this was one memorable day. 

After some refreshments I had a wild idea. I had my two studs lay down next to each other and then I got into what I guess could be called a 669 position on top of them. As I slid my pussy onto Quentin's face I angled over to suck on Dennis' dick. Then after a few I minutes of that double treatment I shifted so Dennis could go down on me while I sucked off Quentin, using my assets to full advantage I would say.

I guess I went back and forth 5 times before I was well taken care of and my two stud muffins good and hard. I think they knew what I was looking for next because I sure did. Dennis had grabbed a tube of lube and they worked in tandem to grease up my tight little ass. 

I held Dennis down on his back and rolled a condom on his stiff cock, before getting into position to ride his pole. Quentin didn't need any instruction to grab a condom of his own and line himself up behind me for the back door entry. 

With two hard guys and one overheated girl wanting it bad, there's no wrong way to proceed. I looked over my shoulder at Q and said, "OK poke it in there and we'll find out how much I can take" 

My eyes rolled up in my head as the head of Quentin's fat dick popped into my asshole but I recovered quickly and as Dennis held his cock steady I lowered myself down to take that head into my pussy. With my two studs in position on both ends I took a deep breath and said "Let it roll boys." 

And we got rolling. Dennis raised his hips up to slide his dick into me and in no time at all Q matched his motions to pull back as Dennis pushed up then push in as he set down. I was a willing pawn in their back and forth game, just holding steady in position and enjoying every moment. 

I know I came more than twice before Quentin pushed his big dick all the way into my ass and just held me as he came. Dennis didn't last much longer before he pushed up planting his cock in my pussy and shot his load. I collapsed on top of my boyfriend and after removing his dick from my ass Q capped the pile.

Once we recovered I just looked at the two roommates and marveled at the incredible tornado of sex I had just unleashed. Hoping it would be well received I said, "As fabulous as that was I'm really hoping we can do this when the mood strikes."

Dennis looked at a smiling Quentin and replied, "Yeah I think we might find a few spare minutes to do this again."