 You're sitting in the chair and watching us and it's making your erection even bigger, not that you thought was possible. After we grind some more, we stop ourselves very reluctantly because we don't want to be rude and ignore our guest. We sit up and face you and I extend my hand out to you so you'll join us. You are on your feet in a split second. You are delirious thinking about the possibilities and can't wait to see what my roommate and I have in store for you. You don't even know where to start, but luckily we have our own ideas in mind and you can merely follow our lead. 

We stop you at the side of the bed. That erection just beckons to me. My roommate and I go in different directions at the same time. I bend over to take you in my mouth and she gets on her knees and rises up to meet your face and begins kissing you. 

I suck on you mercilessly. Running my tongue up and down your shaft, circling your head, and licking the most sensitive spots on your very, very hard penis. I get you all nice and wet so I can add my hand to this sensation. I stroke you and you gasp. 

My roommate's breasts are wonderful. I should know as I have enjoyed them myself many, many times. She takes your hands and puts them on her breasts and you instinctively begin massaging. You feel her tongue on your neck and shoulders. You feel my tongue and hand on your cock and it's an overwhelming sensation. 

You lean forward to take her nipple into your mouth. You are going on pure instinct because you can't really formulate a thought right now. My blowjob is just that fantastic. 

We go on like this for awhile but I think we are all feeling pent up and we all want to cum. The question is who shall go first? 

Ok, me. :-) 

You gently push me away from you and get on your knees. You bring me close to you so you can kiss me. Our tastes melding together. A long, deep, passionate kiss that makes me tingle everywhere and feels just like all those tingles I felt in the pool a few hours ago. 

While we are kissing, my roommate needs something to do so she starts to run her hands over my back and down my spine toward my ass. I am always happy to feel sensations from multiple places. And multiple people. 

I want you to cum, you say to me. I smile and blush and I'm happy to oblige as my g spot and clit feel engorged and aching. 

The bed is relatively high and the angle is good. You know what you want to do. You walk down to the end of the bed and tell me to bring my pussy toward you. Of course, I comply. 

I lie down on my back and get as close to the edge of the bed as possible. You spread my legs and enter me and I almost scream it is so good. I've been waiting to feel your cock go slowly and deeply into me. 

I am wet. Dripping wet. 

And my wetness envelops your cock like a warm blanket. The sensation is incredible for you. My pussy juices drench your shaft. 

You move in and out of me. Slowly at first but then picking up the pace. I reach behind me for my roommate. She grabs my hands and holds them above my head, behind me. I am fully exposed. My breasts bounce to the rhythm of your thrusting. 

I manage to get one hand away from her grip. That's ok. I only need one hand. Her knees are near my head and I reach back and find her pussy and insert one finger inside of her. 

We all manage to sync up somehow. With every thrust of your cock, my finger thrusts inside of her. She and I are both moaning and you just stand there, fucking me, and taking in the image of me lying in front of you with my breasts moving up and down while I'm finger fucking my roommate. 

But she wants to move. And she knows it's my turn to cum. She wants to add some sensation to the already incredible feeling of your cock deep inside me, searching for my g spot, rubbing up against it and feeling it engorge further. 

She takes my hand away. And, after a taste of my finger, she leans over me. First to kiss my lips. She licks my lips and thrust her tongue inside my mouth. 

Then she continues to run her tongue down my chest until she takes one of my nipples into her mouth. You also decide to inject another wave of pleasure into my body and you put your thumb on my clit while continuing to fuck me silly. It's just too much. You cock pressing up against my g spot. Your thumb circling my clit. My roommates mouth on my breasts. I don't want it to end but I can't hold out. I'm panting and moaning. I hear you say, "don't hold back. Let it go." And with that permission, I release a scream that I'm sure they could here two counties over. Wave after wave after wave of orgasm shudders through my body and you feel me squirt all over you hand and cock. 

Despite the fact that I am completely over sensitized now, you both continue. You lift my legs straight up and my ankles are near your face and you hug my legs. You love this angle. 

You continue to thrust in and out of me feeling your own orgasm building inside of you. 

You want to cum but you're a gentleman and you feel you should wait for my roommate. And you say as much. 

You slow your pace down inside of me to try to hold off. And you're wondering if you should pull out of me to take care of her. But then you see me whisper something into her ear. She gets off the bed and goes and retrieves something from her side of the room. You're slightly confused. 

But when she returns she's holding a dildo. 

I look at you and tell you that I'm going to take care of her and I want you to keep fucking me. 

She gets on the bed beside me and I take the dildo from her. She leans back against the wall, open and waiting. I take the dildo and tease her for a bit. Running it over her pubic hair. She's cupping her breasts and ready to be pleasured. I tease her some more. I run the dildo lightly against her lips. She moans. She begs me to go inside of her and I do, thrusting the dildo into her very wet pussy. She bucks her hips to meet the dildo. She's a happy girl. And you're happy to watch. I expertly slide the dildo in and out of her pussy. After all, this isn't my first time. 

She licks one finger and begins to fondle her clit, intensifying her sensations. She massages quicker and harder and I know she's ready to cum. I quicken the pace of the dildo. And you're just mesmerized. Finally she can take it no longer. And moans and cums all over the dildo. 

She eases the dildo out of her and needs to take a rest for a moment. 

So she lies on her back beside me and she snuggles up to me and we begin kissing again and she begins to massage my breasts. And we tell each other that it is now our guest's turn. 

You're elated. 

Having used all of your mental powers to hold off until this point. We ask you how you'd like to cum but you're unable to speak and just smile. We smile at each other and think out loud about the possibilities. Hmm...We say, we could just keep going like this. We could go back down on you. We could all get in the shower together and wonder aloud if you'd enjoy the sight of me and my roommate soaping each other up. 

So many possibilities. 

And we tell you that you'll just have to come back because there are many, many things we would like to do to you and for you and with you and you like that idea very much. 

I tell you to pull out of me. I have an idea. 

You walk around to the other side of the bed and can't wait to see. My roommate and I decide that we have a handle on you and you like to watch. 

And you say, yes, you do. 

So I move up to put my head on my pillow and get comfortable. My roommate decides she wants a taste of me and heads down to the end of the bed so she can start eating me. 

I pull you toward me. I tell you to lean over me and put your hands on the wall. You do so in a way that gives me a perfect angle to take you in my mouth again. 

You taste incredible because you taste like me. With one hand I reach around your back and start to run my hands over you. 

I put my hands on your ass, dropping a finger right over your asshole and you can't hold back any longer. You pull back slightly to withdraw from my mouth and explode all over my tits.