 Description: Lisa and Kara were best friends for years and recently moved in together as college roommates. Lisa's sex life is amazing while Kara's is not. Adam is Lisa's boyfriend. The following story is about the beginning of a great relationship between these three characters. The story is good for people who like some character background and a sexual build up story line. 

CHAPTER ONE:

"Oh yes!!!" Lisa screamed as she reached a second thunderous orgasm while riding her boyfriend Adam's large cock. Ina few moments he also reached his ending, spurting deep into her. Lisa moaned with passion as he erupted inside of her womanly body. She rolled off him and cuddled with him on her bed, thinking about how lucky she was to have a lover who could please her over and over every time they got together.

"You know you're the best I ever had right? "Lisa said softly.

"Thanks babe, you're not so bad yourself. I think you are the horniest girl I ever made love to. It's never difficult to get you off." Adam replied.

Lisa got up to clean the sticky cum from her inner thighs, knowing Adam was checking her out. She took care of her body and often saw other men checking her out, which she enjoyed. But Adam was the only one she allowed to share her sexual yearnings with. She was glad to have a place to be able to ne with him anytime she needed, which seemed to be almost daily. At 19, she was in her sophomore year of college and had recently moved in with her longtime friend Kara, who had access to her relatives' older home that had been vacated.

Although it was not that beautiful in appearance on the outside, it had three huge bedrooms and two private bathrooms, along with a lot of open space inside. Previously, Adam and Lisa had to settle for sneaking around her parents' house, making love late at night while stifling her screams and moans of pleasure. On a few occasions when they had the place to themselves, the two lovers had been able to openly explore each other and really let loose. 

Adam watched Lisa as she toweled herself off after her shower. He felt proud to have the tall blonde bombshell with straight bright hair as his girlfriend for the previous two years. She had sensual green eyes that could easily draw any man to her. At just under six foot tall, Lisa's frame boasted full and perky tits that seemed to defy gravity. She also had a firm ass that he loved to kiss and a patch of lightly trimmed pubic hair that matched the hair on her head. 

"Are you ready to go again?" Lisa asked as she walked toward the bed.

"You know I am. Want it your favorite way this time?" Adam replied with a smile.

A devilish smile appeared on her face, and without a word, she got onto all fours on the bed. Adam stood behind her, admiring the view of her the beautiful sight below him. He quickly plunged his entire seven inch shaft into her and she immediately began to moan. Adam enjoyed how incredibly loud Lisa could be in bed. As he pounded her from behind, the only thing louder than their skin slapping each other were her screams of pleasure.

Kara relaxed in her room, feeling discouraged that her boyfriend Eric had left her wanting more far too many times. And to make matters worse, she often had to overhear the sound of Lisa's many orgasms. She was jealous of Lisa for getting such great sex, but was glad her friend was being kept satisfied. She liked Eric, but had to admit to herself that he was the worst sexual partner she had ever ben with, and it was getting old.

She looked down at the large vibrator in her hand and gently guided it into her sexual center. As she worked it over her clit Kara moaned softly as her left hand caressed her breasts and each nipple. Once again, a favorite fantasy began. A nameless and faceless man would come to her house, and into her room. He would rip off her clothes and make passionate love to her. She could almost feel his giant cock inside of her for far longer than Eric ever had. After teasing her clit a few more moments, Lisa inserted the entire length of the toy inside her. It felt better than anything any man had ever done for her. She felt amazed at how excited she got from watching it move in and out of her highly aroused body. 

Kara felt that actually watching someone having sex would be amazing as she turned the vibrations to the high setting. Soon she shivered and felt the powerful orgasm travelling through her body. As she caught her breath, Kara decided that Eric and her were are done, and she would try to find someone new to pleasure her.

CHAPTER TWO

Lisa had gotten up early, leaving Adam in her bed. He awoke with a raging erection and there was nothing she could do to help him with it. Adam stroked his cock, and heard Kara in the next room, probably getting ready for class. He then heard the shower come on, and wished he had an excuse to slip into the bathroom and hopefully get a peek. He had seen her in a bikini on a few occasions, and knew she had an amazing body. What she looked like naked was only a mental image.

He recalled a recent conversation where Lisa had admitted to being curios about girls, but had never done anything about it. However, being with a girl was her biggest fantasy. Adam told her he would be supportive, and she knew it was most likely because he may get a threesome opportunity. She had told him that she had liked girls ever since she could remember, and confessed to taking glances at girls in the locker room back in high school, which was the beginning of her curiosity. Although Lisa had been friends with Kara for years, she had never hinted about fooling around with her. 

Adam's hand was stroking his cock steadily when he heard the door handle rattle. He threw a blanket over himself and pretended to be sleeping, then saw Kara slowly crack the door and peek in. He only saw her face at first, and then she slowly swung the door open. When he opened one eye slightly he was surprised to see that Kara was completely naked. At age 18, she was a stunning specimen. This was the first time Adam had seen her naked. While Lisa was tall and slim, Kara was shorter and more voluptuous. She had naturally tan skin, helped by the summer sun. She was about 5'5" with deep brown eyes and dark brunette hair. Her curves were breathtaking. She was faced away from him and her ass was so tempting that Adam couldn't take his eyes off of her. He watched her walk to Lisa's dresser and pull out a pair of panties and some socks. When she turned around he saw her boobs. Kara had told Lisa that she considered them her best asset, and he had to agree. They were as tan like the rest of her skin, so he assumed she tanned nude on occasion. Her nipples and areolas complimented her breasts. He also admired the thick dark pubic hair below her slim waist. As she walked out of the room, Adam's hand went straight back to his cock, and quickly got himself off quickly while recalling the sexy body of his girlfriend's roommate.

CHAPTER THREE

Adam and Lisa heard sobs coming from the living room later that evening, and found Kara on the couch crying. Adam's eyes quickly scanned her body, covered by a pink and black dress. Her full breasts were nearly spilling out of the snug fitting fabric. 

Kara said with tears, "I'm so done with Eric. He's never there for me, and he's a pathetic boyfriend!"

Lisa responded by saying, "It'll be fine babe, you will find someone better."

Lisa sat next to Kara and put an arm around her, pulling her close. Adam felt it was best if he left, and avoid any girl drama. Even though he knew they had never fooled around, the two young women seemed to be were constantly hugging and cuddling together. And since they had been friends for so long, he assumed they had seen each other topless or nude on several occasions. Adam admired how beautiful they were, and was glad to be able to share the company of two such gorgeous women.

Kara said, "I really don't want to be alone tonight Lisa. Can I please sleep with you?"

Lisa replied, Of course. Have I ever let you down?"

Adam then said, "Perhaps I should get going."

Lisa told him, "You can sleep in my bed tonight. Or since Kara has a queen bed maybe we can all sleep together."

Kara added, "That sounds nice. We can share a bed without things getting weird." 

Kara grabbed Lisa's hand and Adam watched as they climbed the steps together. He took a deep breath and tried to ignore the sexual thoughts that filled his mind. After a couple of moments he headed up to Lisa's room.

To Adam's surprise, by the time he reached Lisa's room, both girls were already down to their bras and panties. Even though he had recently caught a glimpse of Kara's nude body, she looked incredibly appealing. He stood motionless, staring at them. 

Lisa commented, "Adam, get your jaw off the floor. We're wearing about the same as we do at the pool, so you can stop staring at Kara's tits."

"I wasn't...staring...sorry...Guess I was, I mean I didn't...mean..." Adam stated, feeling like a 14 year old seeing his first set of tits again. 

He stripped down to his boxers and undershirt and climbed into bed. He knew that becoming aroused would be inevitable and hoped that Kara would not notice or have any objections. He knew that Lisa was wild enough to get him off with her roommate watching, and he hoped that she would so he could show off his body to her.

Lisa said, "I think Adam thought you and I fooled around Lisa, so he's probably off in some sexual fantasy land being here with us."

Kara's face showed a devilish smile and reached out and rubbed Lisa's leg sensually. Eventually she grabbed Lisa's butt while giggling. 

Adam said, "I never said I thought you fooled around, I just asked if Lisa had been sexual with another girl when she told me about being curious."

Kara then told them, "I might as well go lesbian, it would have to be more exciting than my sex life now, or lack thereof."

Lisa said, "Oh I'm sure it's not that bad."

Kara replied: "Yeah right, I can't find a guy to really satisfy me. And you have no idea what is like listening to you two fucking in the next room."

Lisa responded, I wondered if you ever heard us."

"Well you're not exactly quiet," Kara said. "But if you guys have such great sex, you might as well let loose. I just wish I could be a part of it too."

Lisa asked, "What do you mean you wish you could be a part of it?"

Kara was silent a moment, then finally said, "Not like...that. I just wish I was getting it that good. It's really hot when I hear you two, and it turns me on so much that I have to masturbate to get any relief."

Lisa pulled Adam's already erect cock through his boxers, and said, "I think you want some of this," 

Kara's face turned red with embarrassment and said, "It's not like that but listening to you two does get my mind going."

Adam was unable to believe his eyes and ears as he wondered what the girls were thinking about. Suddenly they were both next to him with Lisa's arms wrapped around Kara's neck. 

Lisa told them both, "We all have fantasies we're sometimes hesitant to explore. And it's not always easy to let go off the usual inhibitions. And Kara, even though I've wanted to be with another girl since the beginning of high school, I've always wanted to be with you."

Kara responded with, "If this happen, we never tell anyone, agreed?" 

Adam jumped to action and wrapped his arm around Lisa while caressing her flat belly. Kara and Lisa's lips interlocked as they shared their first passionate kiss. Kara's hands ran up and down Lisa's body, over her breasts, and met Adam's hands at her belly. Her fingers interlocked with his as they teased Lisa together, moving lower to her panty line. Lisa moaned as her tongue intertwined with Lisa's as she unclasped Kara's bra, freeing her breasts.

Adam reached over and grasped Kara's breast into his hand and began to caress each one then used his fingertips to tease her nipples. Kara's hand wandered down into Lisa's underwear, over the patch of pubic hair, then finally down to her throbbing clit. Adam kissed Lisa's neck as he played with Kara's tits. Lisa was lying in the middle, obviously enjoying being the center of attention. Adam removed her bra and found it very arousing when both girls allowed their breasts to touch each other as they made out. 

Adam couldn't take it anymore. He got on top of Lisa and pushed her onto her back. He pulled her thong down and off in one quick motion as Kara removed hers, leaving them both totally nude.

Adam said, "Kara you are beautiful."

Lisa added, "Yea she is. I've seen her naked many times and she's got the goods!" 

Adam positioned himself between Lisa's legs, and teased her with his cock while he watched Lisa suck on Kara's breast. 

Kara exclaimed, "I haven't been this horny in forever! I think I may finally get the type of sex I deserve."

Adam pushed his way into Lisa, fucking her missionary while she moaned with excitement. Kara decided she needed something Eric had never given her, and climbed over Lisa's face. Lisa immediately began lapping at Kara's clit. Kara grinded her pussy into Lisa's mouth, and enjoyed the way Lisa's tongue explored her. Her roommate and best friend was far better at giving oral than any of her previous boyfriends. 

After several minutes, Lisa's body tightened and trembled as she achieved a powerful orgasm. Kara's climax soon followed, and she collapsed onto the bed, finally feeling satisfied. Adam pulled out of Lisa and stood at the side of the bed. Lisa and Kara gave each other a sinful look had their mouths around his shaft within seconds. 

They took turns taking his cock deep into their throats, as if trying to outdo the other. Adam was amazed that both girls were soon able to take the entire length into their mouths. Kara used her hands on his balls and soon could tell he was about to cum. But then Lisa pulled her head away.

"Oh no not yet lover," Lisa said. "We're not done here until I get some oral also."

Lisa reclined on the bed with her legs spread wide. Kara smiled and slowly ran her hands up Lisa's leg's, from the ankles all the way to her inner thighs. She then moved between her legs and kissed. She slowly teased her clit while not giving Lisa what she wanted just yet. Meanwhile, Lisa's hands fondled her own breasts. Just before Lisa was about to beg, Kara's tongue met her clit for the first time. 

Adam was unsure what to do. He was glad to see the girls finally exploring their fantasy of being bisexual, yet felt that Lisa did not want him to fuck Kara. Things were getting intense, and he wasn't sure what the rules were. Kara had her head buried between Lisa's legs. And his girlfriend was moaning with delight, bucking her hips. Kara's ass was up slightly in the air in a position that practically begged for something to fill her.

Lisa was playing with her nipples and moaning with her eyes barely open as she received oral pleasure from her friend. Lisa gave him a nod, and it was clear what he should do. He moved behind Lisa and began to fuck a girl other than Lisa for the first time since they had been together. He plunged his cock deep into Kara and was amazed at how tight she was. He immediately felt as though he might cum, but somehow held it together. He grabbed her ass with both hands and began to slam his cock into her doggy style.

When Kara felt Adam's cock inside of her, she almost came. She was glad that Lisa had gave him the signal to enter her, and if felt so good. And she also had discovered that giving another woman oral was unbelievable.

Kara slipped two fingers and inside Lisa, who bucked and grinded against her now. She thought it sounded as if the bed was going to fall to pieces. Adam's balls were slapping as he gave her what she desperately needed. Lisa quickly reached her next climax as her body shivered in delight for well over a minute. 

Lisa said, "Yeah take him in you Kara, cum all over his cock."

Kara screamed loud as she came hard on from the pleasure of Adam's hard cock. She finally pulled away and flipped over on the bed. Her eyes told Adam what she wanted. He stood at the edge of the bed and entered her once more, this time with Kara on her back. Lisa positioned herself over Kara's mouth and immediately began moaning as Kara pleasured her with her tongue. Adam continued to move in and out of Kara and reached out to play with Lisa's tits. Adam could feel that he was ready to explode and wasn't sure how to proceed. He knew Lisa was on birth control but had no idea about Kara.

Adam called out. "I'm gonna cum!"

"Yeah baby, give it to us" Lisa screamed as she had yet another orgasm. 

Adam exploded, unleashing blast after blast deep inside of Kara. He fell on top of her, kissing her for the first time. Lisa sat up on the other side of the bed smiling, fully satisfied. Adam rolled of Kara, exhausted and ready to pass out. As he fell asleep, the last thing he saw was Lisa licking Kara once again.

NOTE FROM AUTHOR: Thank you for reading, and I hope you were able to enjoy this for what it is. PLEASE leave comments whether you liked it or not, and why. 