 I took another swig of my beer and put it down on the table. I looked at the two other girls in the room. There had been a lot more of us but everyone else had stumbled off home and we were down to just the three of us drinking and talking.

"So, how far have you been with a girl?" I asked Rose, alcohol giving me courage.

"I've never done anything," she replied, taking a sip of her own drink and letting her shoes fall to the ground as she curled up on the couch.

Rose was a beautiful girl by almost all standards. She was from the middle east (Rose not being her 'real' name) and her complexion was therefore one of absolute wonder. It was a light brown, caramel almost and was smooth with little to no imperfection visible. She wore little makeup, with little need to do so, and looked out of more brown in the form of her bright, intriguing eyes. Her hair was only shoulder length and black which she often kept in a pony tail, though on that day she chose to let it hang loose. Her figure begged for a man's touch as she was petite (only 5'2") and her breasts were nothing more than handfuls but her backside was protruding and, in a man's world, wonderful.

"Nothing?" Sam questioned, looking up from where she was looking at her hands with some interest.

Sam was Rose's best friend. She was also the only girl I had ever slept with (not losing my virginity until eighteen) and was the girl I was still sleeping with. She had longer hair than Rose which she always let fall free down her back in its dark streams. She did not have quite the same perfect figure as he breasts were pushed further out as they ventured to higher cup sizes and she had wider hips, but also a wider middle. She was by no means fat, not at all, she just did not have the hourglass figure like her friend. Her eyes were a similar shade to Rose's and her skin was milky white. She was also the bi-sexual and far more adventurous one.

"Nope, nothing," Rose said, giving us both a drunken smile.

"Wow," Sam opened her eyes wide and put a hand onto one of Rose's curled up thighs, "you should give it a go, believe me, it's amazing."

I coughed and almost spluttered out my drink before curling my lips up into a smile.

"Yeah," I agreed with Sam, my mind wandering to thoughts of the two girls together, "at least kiss."

"Okay," Rose said, pushing her legs off the couch and sitting up, "let's kiss."

Again, I almost choked on my drink as I stared at Rose, unable to believe me ears. It was apparent to me that Rose was very drunk, but similarly, so was I and I assumed (though it was less obvious) that Sam was also feeling the effects of a night of drinking alcohol.

Sam looked shocked, but her gaping mouth soon curled up into a cold smile. She had wanted for a very long time to know what it was like to be with Rose. Both I and Sam had discussed on multiple occasions what Rose would be like as a sleeping partner. It appeared that Sam was about to find out at least part of what that would be like.

"Okay," Sam agreed, sitting up and turning so she could face Rose properly, "a proper kiss, tongues and everything."

Rose dithered for a second before taking a sip of her drink and acting once more on the courage of alcohol. Without replying to Sam, she leant forward and pressed her lips into Sam's and held them there. Sam immediately responded by returning the kiss. 

I am not sure how long it lasted but to me it could not go on for long enough. Two of the most beautiful and sexy women I knew were kissing before my eyes and with each passing second that the kiss did continue, it evolved.

I saw their lips open wider as the kiss became more sexual until I could clearly make out Sam's tongue snaking into the mouth of Rose. At first Rose did not reply but as Sam put her hand to the back of Rose's head, she became more relaxed and soon their tongues were dancing with each other as I watched on in disbelief.

Eventually, they finally did stop kissing much to my dismay. I looked between them with my mouth open one at a time. 

"Enjoy that?" Sam asked me as I saw her wicked smile infest her face once more. 

I did not reply but instead watched intently as the two girls smile. Rose looked shocked, but somehow she looked contented like she had really enjoyed that kiss but I could also sense something else about her. I was not sure what it was but there was something else about Rose's expression which told me that there was so much more experimenting she wanted to do. Yet there was something in her mind going on that I could only feel, not see. She thought the kiss wrong somehow, like it was bad and corrupting. I ignored it, thinking I was being silly.

"You must have enjoyed that," Sam said eventually, sitting down on the floor next to where I was seated, "because..." she paused as she lifted a hand, "... my best friend has come out to play."

I looked down just as Sam gripped hold of my erection through my jeans and could not fight back the pulse of my cock. I turned my head so I could look at Rose and she was wide eyed watching me and did not say anything for a few seconds before she finally opened her mouth.

"Suck his cock," I heard her say, her voice quiet but clearly directed at Sam.

"What?" Sam said, unusually caught off guard.

"I want to see you suck on his cock," she paused, taking a sip of her drink as the confidence built up in her, "you made him hard, you can sort it out."

I stayed in perfect silence, willing my erection to go away but Sam still had hold of it and I knew what her hand could produce and my erection would simply not leave as a result. I took deep breaths as I awaited the response of Sam.

"Alright," she said finally, not really to my surprise, it was common knowledge she was very... open anyway, "but only if you get your tits out."

I watched the two as they played a game of sexual to-and-fro. I expected Rose to say 'no' and the whole thing to end there but she reached to the bottom of her top and pulled it over her head without a word. Again, she did it but I could not but feel that without the alcohol, she would be saying and doing very, very different things.

She sat in her bra, a simple black one which pushed her breasts up into one of the most perfect cleavages imaginable. She stared at Sam and with no words, Sam knew exactly what Rose wanted as she too removed her shirt followed swiftly by her red bra which she threw to one side before returning her gaze to Rose.

Rose stared at Sam. There appeared to be a stand-off between the two in some sort of 'Wild Wild West' fashion. Each would only progress if the other followed suit and did the same. That held true as Rose removed her own bra and revealed a pair of breasts which I had longed for long to see in all their glory. 

They were a perfect size, just about a handful so when they were pushed up they formed the most delicious of all cleavages. Cleavage was all I had seen for the longest time but now I could see them for what they really were. Two perfect bags, light brown in colour, just like the rest of her skin. Her nipples were dark and perfectly round and stuff out just the right amount that they begged for lips to be wrapped around them and taste them.

Any hope that I could get rid of my erection was gone as I moved my eyes from Rose's breasts to her friend's and the woman currently holding my erection. Her breasts were a quite a bit larger but I already knew all about them. They were pinky-white in colour with matching nipples to boot. Her nipples did not protrude as far as Rose's but her areolas were bigger and rounder.

Both of their eyes scanned each other until finally Sam turned her head away from Rose and looked towards me. She did not look me in the face, her vision was slightly wary due to the alcohol but I could see her look straight down to where her hand rested. Without a word, she began to unbuckle my belt and I did not move.

I had slept with Sam on multiple occasions. She had given me blow jobs on multiple occasions and she had given me hand jobs on plenty of occasions but I had never slept with anyone else and I had most certainly never been watched doing anything sexual (other than Sam's dog, but that's a different story.)

Perhaps if I had been sober, I would have stopped the whole thing and thought I was taking advantage of two very drunk girls but then I was drunk and everything seemed okay in the moment. That was why I did not stop Sam from opening my flies and then leaning forwards to lick the lobe of my ear and whisper to me.

"Stand up, you wouldn't deny two topless women now would you?"

Her voice alone could have been enough to have tipped me over the edge but I kept my cool and stood up slowly, just as she ordered. As I did so, she finally released my tense cock and pulled my jeans down, shortly followed by my boxer shorts. Both hung around my ankles as my cock sprung free and was level with Sam's face as she got down to rest on her knees before me.

I did not turn to look at Rose but I could hear her move and I assumed, sit up. Sam's eyes turned to look at Rose and she gave her a smile just as she wrapped her small hands back around my pulsing cock and ran her fingers down the length and then back up again to just under the head. My cock almost purred under her hand and I tried to focus my eyes to look down at Sam.

"That's not sucking it..." I heard Rose muse from behind me. Again though, I thought I heard something in her voice that did not quite make sense.

Sam did not say anything as she looked back at my cock and her eyes went up and down the shaft as if looking for something. She puckered her lips up and finally turned her eyes upwards and looked up into my eyes. I looked into her dark brown eyes as best I could as she leant forward and kissed the head of my cock.

I flinched as she did it. She knew exactly what I enjoyed and she was just teasing me. I smiled down at her, expecting her to move her lips once more and wrap her lips around the head of my cock but instead, she pulled back, and put her head at the very bottom of my shaft and left it there while she turned her head away from me again and looked towards Rose.

"You need a better view if you're going to watch," Sam said, rubbing once up and down my shaft.

I did not hear anything from Rose again for a few seconds before I finally heard her move again. I continued to look down at Sam until I saw Rose appeared out of the corner of my eye and stand up next to where Sam was knelt. 

"Down here..." Sam said, smiling once more and looking up towards Rose's face.

Rose knelt down still silent and watched Sam's hand intently. I looked at Rose's face but she did not look up at me and so I allowed my eyes to wander to her breasts which I noticed had become erect. I smiled to myself and returned my eyes back to Sam just as her lips wrapped around the head of my cock and slid it into her mouth.

I let a small, appreciative groan escape from my lips as I let my hands fall lazily to my side. My head lulled back slightly but I forced myself to look back down just in time to see Rose move a hand up from her own side and raise it to push hair from Sam's eyes and hold it into a pony tail.

Sam smiled at Rose's actions as she slipped another inch of my hardened rod into her hot mouth. The feelings to me were amazing as I felt the wetness of her mouth cover my erection. I felt a third inch slide between her lips and I smiled as I could feel myself getting closer and closer to her gag reflex with I loved to watch her try and control.

It was at that same point that I saw Rose lean forward toward Sam and whisper something into her ear that I could not hear. As soon as Rose pulled away again, I saw Sam pulled her head backwards and take me from her mouth. 

I watched with interest as Sam leant forward towards Rose just as Rose puckered her lips in earnest for the kiss which Sam placed upon her lips. Their tongues went back to work, wrestling with each other as Sam's hand unwrapped from around my erection, much to my dismay and rose towards Rose's chest.

Just as Sam's hands found Rose's breasts, Rose's hand shot up and grabbed Sam's hair, pulling her head backwards and forcing her to look up at the ceiling.

"Do not touch me, lesbian slut," Rose's voice broke out as she raised up on her knees so she could look over Sam. Indecision -- that was what I could sense and hear.

Sam looked shocked, I could see it in her eyes but she also had to go careful to hide a smirk which flashed across her face for a split second. 

"I am straight," Rose said as she used her free hand to grab hold of my member suddenly, staring at Sam, "undo your jeans."

I had never seen Rose be so forceful or so dominating before. She had a strong personality and I never really expected her to be a pushover sexually but what I was witnessing -- with her small fingers wrapped around my pulsing cock -- was not at all what I thought Rose would be like. I enjoyed it though, I could feel myself grow ever more turned on the more she spoke and the more she held Sam in such a compromising way. I had always wanted to fuck Rose senseless, perhaps I would.

Sam heard her new found orders and nodded the best she could while having her neck wrenched back. Her hands fell from where they had been suspended, inches from Rose's chest, almost shaking as they moved towards the button and fly on her jeans. Opening both, she pulled open the waist and moaned something that my ears could not pick up.

I turned my eyes to Rose as she gently moved her hand, no more than a few millimetres in a gentle rhythm down my cock. I was an afterthought, I could tell but I did not care. Rose was merely trying to make sense of her sudden arousal by Sam or perhaps she was just living out some sort of fantasy. I do not really know, all I could do was watch and enjoy.

"Show me how wet you are for girls, Sam," Rose's voice was strong but I could something under it, something desperate that she was trying to hide - something that a kiss earlier had both betrayed to me and Sam but also sparked this new Rose.

Sam did not move for a few seconds causing Rose to suddenly yank back on her hair again and push her neck further back. Sam moaned a small groan of pain, but also one that oozed submission. Getting the hint, Sam dropped her hand and spread her fingers so she could slide it down her jeans and into her underwear. She dropped it as far in as she could until I could not see her fingers anymore and then rose it back out again.

She held it up slowly, raising it to Rose's face while still staring up at the ceiling. Rose's eyes moved from where they had been staring at Sam's exposed neck to her fingers. I followed them and saw the fluids that glistened on Sam's fingers. I had seen Sam wet, I had made Sam wet and I had even tasted her fluids but I had never seen her so obviously turned on. I was slightly jealous of Rose and what she could do to Sam but just stayed quiet and watched in fascination as one of my fantasies unfolded before my very eyes.

"Taste it," Rose gave the order to Sam and there was no question about it, "taste how turned on you are for girls, you lesbian whore."

Rose's language was very different than from how I had heard her speak before but I loved it. I loved everything about what I was witnessing and it was only going to get better. 

Sam stayed silent but pushed her head forward as Rose finally relaxed her grip on her hair but still held it very lightly. Sam pushed to fingers between her lips, her eyes fixed on Rose's as if too scared to move them away. I could see her sucking her fingers, drinking and lapping up her own fluids until she finally withdrew them and showed them to Rose as if asking for some confirmation that she had done right.

"Good," Rose said, finally releasing Sam's hair completely, "now take the jeans off, take the underwear off and sit on the couch..." Rose paused as she adjusted her knees so she could face towards me more, paying me attention for the first time, "and watch how a woman should enjoy a man."

I pulsed as she spoke. She was finally going to pay me attention and she was going to make Sam watch. Half of me is surprised I did not just cum there and then. Just explode all over her pretty face but I did not. Though it was only going to get more difficult to stop myself.

Rose leant forward and puckered her lips and pressed them to the very tip of my rock hard rod. She made sure the foreskin was pulled all the way back and then slip her lips, very slowly over the tip and further down until she had taken the whole head into her mouth. Sucking her cheeks in, she began to suck gently on my head, washing saliva around her mouth whenever possible to heighten the feelings.

The feelings were incredible. It was warm, wet and so inviting. I willed to go deeper but did not move. Rose's eyes were fixed directly on my rod, apparently having no interesting in me as I stared down at her pretty hair as it fell down her exposed back. 

Sam had moved around the room I noticed and was no longer wearing any clothes. She was sitting on the couch, her legs open slightly and a hand resting just above her pussy, slowly massaging the skin and working its way down as if savouring something. I could see her fluids leaking down her thighs and smiled to myself as I watched her eyes so intently staring at Rose.

Rose moved her eyes away from my erection just as Sam's hand finally reached her slit and spread open her lips. Rose withdrew me from her mouth.

"Did I say you could touch yourself?" Rose asked, turning her head and opening her eyes wide at Sam.

Sam shook her head but stayed silent, withdrawing her hand from her pussy and resting it on her thigh but squeezed at her skin in desperation.

"You are going to watch how a man should take a woman..." I looked down at Rose, trying to work out if she was trying to tell me something, "how he should dominate her, how no woman could possible treat another woman."

That was definitely a sign. I was going to take it. The dominator so far was asking to be dominated.

Rose finally turned back to me and finally met her eyes. I saw something in them, a look that only the signed of a crazed, turned on woman has. A look that says 'do anything to me, I won't stop you'. My favourite look.

She returned her lips to around the head of my member without my prompting and once again slid the entire head into her mouth, her lips clasping onto the underside of the head which sent shivers through me. I was sure she had skills with her mouth and I was sure that she could make me cum several times without any interference from me but that was not what was going on there. She wanted to be taken, to be dominated while dominating. 

Putting a hand to either side of her head so my little finger was sitting just behind her ear, I took control of her head and slid another two inches of my member into her warm and inviting mouth. Instinctively, her hands rose to my thighs and were ready to push away. She did not push however until I slid another two inches into her mouth. As soon as I touched her gag reflex, she pushed away and spluttered onto the floor.

"Call yourself a woman?" I asked her as I roughly grabbed her hair and threw her onto the couch next to Sam, "take your clothes off and watch while Sam shows you."

I knew this was a spanner to the works. I knew that Rose was trying to prove a point and trying to dominate Sam. I knew this would only make Rose try harder. I watched her face, an angry but turned on look across her face as she released her jeans and took off her white underwear to reveal a shaved pussy beneath. 

My cock pulsed and I had to fight back just grabbing her and ramming myself into her over and over. To fight that temptation, I had to start using Sam. Without saying anything I grabbed Sam's hair and made her turn so her back on the couch, her legs were in the air against the backrest and her head flopped off the edge.
