 Nick had struck it lucky. People around him didn't really understand how lucky as he was discrete however he had won a small amount of money a year or so ago and whilst not suddenly a millionaire it had been enough for a deposit on a comfortable large house. It had five bedrooms, two bathrooms, two lounges, a kitchen, study and basement as well as a reasonably large garden that someone had fenced and planted conifer trees along that had grown tall and thick.

Being a teacher he had a reasonable salary and was able to maintain the house and it was very rarely too quiet as he had a lot of friends that tended to drop round. He was also an incredibly horny and kinky bastard and often had people other than his normal friends round. There wasn't a room in the house that he hadn't played in over the last couple of years but it was only recently that he had begun a new project that had come around quite by accident after a play date with his friend who worked as a carer nearby.

He had spent several hours with Laura in the master bedroom and as he undid the cuffs that held her tight to the bed posts she had commented on how nice his house was - not the first time she had commented - but this time she explained that she was thinking of moving closer as work was in the area and she had to travel quite a distance to get there and then home after shifts.

Nick suddenly had one of his bright ideas (or disasterous - ether way he tended to act on impulse for good or bad). Why didn't she try moving in and renting one of his rooms for a bit whilst she looked around for somewhere new to live. She looked shocked - he pointed out that they were good friends and had a laugh - it would simply be renting a room from a friend - and if there was some hot sex involved there wouldn't be too many complaints.

Laura laughed and grinned and said it might work. But then the real surprise started. She knew through work that one of her other carer friends was also looking to rent a room somewhere (Claire as I later found out) and they had been discussing renting somewhere together. Nick asked if she was hot... Laura grinned and said that she was hot enough that on a night out she had made Claire go down on her and enjoyed every minute.

Laura was a couple of inches under six foot, dark haired and curvy with amazing breasts and incredible legs. Nick loved having those legs over his shoulders as he bent her in half. Laura explained that Claire was barely over five foot with the biggest tits she had ever seen and was naturally submissive. Nick felt his cock spring to life at the thought and raised himself over Laura's naked body lying prone on the bed.

He entered her slowly as she was a little sensitive from the hard fucking he had been giving her over the last couple of hours. Looking down he smiled at the sight of his thick cock splitting her delicious pussy open, watching as his cock slid in and out of her.

"Do you think she might fancy a room here?!"

Laura grinned as she felt his excitement within her...

"I have a feeling she might..."

"Ring and ask her..." Nick said with a grin.

"What? Now?" Laura asked with a wicked smile... "How naughty!"

Laura reached over and grabbed her phone from the nightstand next to the bed and trying hard to concentrate as Nick thrust into her, found Claire's number and rang her... Nick paused for a minute whilst the phone was ringing and just gently ground his shaft inside Laura making her moan into the ringing phone. He leaned down and captured her nipple in his mouth and teased it gently in the way he knew that made her crazy.

"Claire... Hi, its Laura... How you getting on hun?"

Silence as Claire replied and Nick started moving within her again. He thrust hard and deep and watched as Laura's eyes glazed over...

"What was that again sorry Claire - I missed that..."

Laura's free hand grabbed Nick's arm as he braced himself above her and drove himself inside her - she gasped and then giggled as he pushed himself as deep inside her as he could.

"Sorry Claire - I had better make this quick - I have a friend who has a large house in town and is looking to rent a couple of the rooms out - he is a great guy and we get on really well - I think you will love the house - I am round there now. Do you want to come round tonight and take a look if you fancy it?

Nick speeded up now as he waited to hear Claire's reply... His thick cock was drilling into Laura now, she was desperately trying t hide her panting breathing and he could see and feel her response, he knew she was getting close, he wondered if he could push her over the edge into exploding down the phone to Claire and started hammering his cock into her and biting her nipples which normally made her cum on the spot.

Showing great determination and concentration Laura told Claire the address, said bye very quickly, hung up the phone and then exploded into a mind shattering orgasm. As she came Nick exploded inside her for the 3rd time that afternoon and collapsed down on top of her. After catching his breath he kissed her and slid off her.

"This is giving me an idea Laura... Do you remember that I told you about Anna the other week who was curious about playing with us? well she is also renting somewhere locally. I wonder if she fancies one of the other rooms - I am sure I could offer her a special rate."

Shortly after that Laura was called into work for a few hours so Nick had a shower, tidied round the house a bit and generally chilled. Laura hadn't said what time Claire was coming round so he flipped on the TV and flicked through channels whilst he waited. Nothing much on - checking his watch he knew She was going to be back in a few hours and he had given her a key.

After a while he grew bored and just as he was about to get on with some work there was a quiet knock at the door. Nick opened the door, not quite knowing what to expect and in front of him was a gorgeous petite lady. She must have been in her early twenties, long brown hair down past her shoulder, the biggest innocent eyes he had ever seen And as his gaze travelled down quite possibly the biggest tits he had ever seen on someone her size - she must have been a double d or e cup and yet was only five foot at best. She was wearing small heels and a blue summer dress that showed off her incredible cleavage.

All this just took a couple of seconds to register then she smiled shyly at him and offered her hand...

"Hi, I'm Claire. I was on the phone to Laura earlier and she said she was thinking of renting a room with you and that I might like to as well?"

"Hi Claire, yes I was there when she was talking to you - I'm Nick - it's nice to meet you."

He shook her hand and invited her in.

"Laura had to go into work for a few hours - some last minute thing - leaves me free to show your beautiful self round the house."

She blushed and smiled as he flirted.

He took her coat as they walked into the front room and laid it over the back of the sofa.

"There are two lounges in the house - one is set up as a dining room for when I have people round, I like to cook, and the other is kind of the TV lounge for chilling in. There is a large kitchen here and as you can see out the back a large garden as well!"

Nick led the way round the house, he showed her downstairs then took her down into the basement where there were several comfy sofas, a projector that could play DVDs or console games on that projected onto a blank wall and a pool table. The previous occupants had got it down here but not been able to get it back out so had left it. In the corner of the room was also a little bar area that Nick had installed himself.

"Is this your man cave?" Claire joked...

"Up until now it was but I have a feeling we will all get some use of it - do you play pool!?"

"I have been known to." Claire answered with a smile as she lent over the pool table to pick up the cue.

Nick admired her ass as she did so and she looked back over her shoulder and smiled at him - she knew he was checking her out.

"How about I show you the rest of the house then we have a game?" Nick grinned.

"Sure..."

He led the way back upstairs and then up to the first floor.

"There are five bedrooms - Laura has chosen this one, these three are empty but furnished."

Nick showed Claire the three rooms and he could tell she was taken with the one that looked out over the garden.

"The last bedroom is mine..."

"Can I see it?"

"Of course." Nick said as he opened the door.

He walked into the room and she followed him quietly. The sheets were still crunpled and the cuffs that had been round Laura's wrists a couple of hours earlier lay on the night stand.

She walked over to them and picked them up - these look fun... Her blush was almost crimson now.

"Do you want to try them on?"

She nodded and Nick walked over, taking them off her he slowly fastened the leather cuff around one wrist then the other. Once they were done up she looked up at him nervously and he kissed her.

She moaned and he pushed her back into the bed.

"Laura said you were submissive Claire... Is this getting you horny, helpless here in the bed where I fucked Laura this morning... I was inside her when she rang you Claire... Did you realise?"

As he spoke to her he could have sworn she practically orgasmed on the spot. He slid his hands down and lifted her dress. She wasn't wearing any panties.

"No panties?"

"Laura said not to - she said you preferred it that way..."

"I'll have to thank her later..."

Nick slid two fingers into her pussy and found it soaking. He rubbed his thumb over her clit and she came gasping as she exploded. He started to finger fuck her hard and she came almost immediately again.

Quickly he undid his pants and grabbed a condom.

"I'm on the pill," she gasped "you don't need that - I want your cum inside me."

He lifted her legs and lining himself up savagely rammed his cock into her making her gasp. He fucked her hard and fast on her back on the bed, her ankles on his shoulders. Ramming into her so hard made her tits bounce and they came free of the dress, he loved how they shook as he rammed into her. Leaning down he bit her nipples hard and she came screaming on his cock.

That was too much for Nick and it pushed him over the edge - he thrust hard into her and exploded filling her pussy with his cum.

Braced above her he kissed her slowly.

"Does that mean you want the room?"

There was a tapping at the door and Nick looked up to see Laura stood in the doorway grinning...

"I guess we are both moving in!"