 Session Two - Tender Moments

Break for supper. Room service. We arrived in the mid-afternoon and started fucking. Now it's time for a waiter in white uniform to wheel a table into our room loaded with hot food and cold wine. Time for us to relax. 

We're all a little bewildered at the fury of the fucking so far. The two who were fucked are looking a little stunned, and the two who haven't been fucked yet are looking a little bemused and nervous. 

Jacqueline tries to be as prim as ever: "Well, that was fun. Looked like you were having fun." Yeah, Jacqueline. You think? You're next, sweetheart. Don't cross your legs. I want to smell your cunt before I fuck it. 

"Did you enjoy watching that, honey?" I ask her. She looks away at Brooke with a wry smile. 

"Well, I guess I'd never seen that before." Noncommittal as ever. Cool as a cucumber. That's OK. I don't make her say "sex" or "fucking" or "screwing". We knew what she meant. My plan is working. My wet dreams are coming true.

I love these fluffy white hotel robes. They're warm and sexy. They show off Jacqueline's long model's legs and Brooke's sturdy ones. I get a flash of boob as they move and bend to their meals. 

The conversation is light and upbeat: no shop talk, no more signs of sullenness or anger from Cathy, who likes female coffee klatches, no resentment at being forced to surrender the pink of her secret place between legs, no surly backtalk from Nancy or Cathy about having had my penis up their vaginas. They are wary with me, but not unfriendly. I guess they figure if they give me some pussy, I'll be happy and let them off once I've exhausted my famous male lust. I guess they figure wrong.

I ring. The waiter comes back and clears up. The door closes and I'm on Jacqueline like a fly on flypaper. 

Same routine, new cunt. Never get tired of it. Feel Jacqueline's tits and the valley between her thighs, bra and panties on. Long tongue kiss, my hands in her long, long hair. Spin her to face mirror. Take off bra, grab huge tits and pinch nipples, rubbing nipple mounts and hefting breasts for weight, noting freckles. 

Walk fingers south down her belly and slip hand under panty waistband to feel her pussy. Squeeze labia together, then poke experimental finger up her cunt. Remove and savour the flavour. Watch her in the mirror, face impassive as I maul her privates. Turn her to face me. Pull down her lovely blue panties and examine her cunt. "Lady of Spain, I adore you. Take down your pants. I'll explore you."

It's a long-lipped pussy that greets me with a dark mass of pubic hair above. Fortunately, she shaves around her labia. I hate hair on their butts and around their assholes. Jacqueline goes to Venezuela with her Latin lover and they lie on the beach, so she has a bikini trim. Thank goodness. I don't like hairs in my teeth. Speaking of which, I grab Jacqueline and push her on her back onto the bed, legs spread so I can taste her tight goodie. Sex and fucking are so awesome.

Mmmmmm. The labia open like flower petals and yield their creamy dew. Mmmmmm. Jacqueline tastes good. My tongue rolls her clitoris around and darts like a daring little boy into her vaginal opening. Up and down goes the tongue, slurp go my lips against her lower lips. Yum yum: pussy.

Now it's fucking time. Mr. Pego is poking out from the folds of my robe, so it's off with the robe and onto the supine Jacqueline, naked belly to naked belly, face to face. She has an impish grin that I kiss deeply and repeatedly. Then push up, crotch to crotch, rub my glans penis up and down her lovely, long dark furrow, and finally inwards, into the warm yielding damp. Into her warm sex depths, Jacqueline's cunt. I stroke and stroke, looking down at the sweet conjunction of our sex organs. I wave Cathy over and grab the handheld video camera for some POV footage of the fuck.

And then the moment I've been imagining in fantasy all these years. I withdraw, flip Jacqueline over on her hands and knees, and spread her legs. Her black-thatched pussy lips stare up at me below her brown bum hole. Such a magnificent ass! It's wide and round and furrowed, lovely soft love handles at the hips that I grab as my throbbing coral cock head finds its own way into her tunnel of love, pushing open the pink petals of her inner labia. I pull her ass towards me with a satisfying smack as my thighs contact her buttocks. It's heaven, just the way I thought it would be.

The other women filming the scene are startled first at the blissful look on my face as I pause to observe Jacqueline's magnificent naked bum, my cock embedded in her cunt. Then they visibly flinch at the ferocious fucking that follows.

I'm middle aged with a bit of a tummy that goes with a desk job, bit of fur on my belly that makes me cuddly, and I'm sure they are struck by the visual of my belly overhanging Jacqueline's bum as my cock shaft appears and disappears in rapid succession between her pussy lips. 

From my own perspective, this is a glorious fulfillment of the fantasies that have occupied my imagination every time I've had to follow Jacqueline down the hall at work and had to watch that magnificent ass swaying to and fro, imagining what it would feel like to have those hips naked in my hands and see my cock moving in the cunt furrow between her ass cheeks. I love the way her bum flesh ripples with each of my slams into her pussy.

I lean forward across her back and fuck her even harder. Jacqueline grunts now with each penis thrust into her cunt, her tits swaying wildly. I reach up with my left hand and fondle her left tit, flick the nipple. I reach underneath her with my right hand and finger her pubic hair between her legs and her open pussy lips, feel my cock moving between her wet labia, rub her clitty as my cock pistons next door in her cunt. 

Then the sweet death hits me and my cock goes rigid, then spurts and spurts uncontrollably its load of babymaking semen into Jacqueline's pussy. I want to collapse on her bare back, but I macho it and pull out, watch my reddened cock bobbing up and down in a victory dance. 

Whew! I need a drink. Jacqueline flops down on the bed on her side, panting, eyes half closed, her vagina lips peeking out between her legs and oozing my cum.

I get off the bed and towel off. Nancy and Cathy hand Jacqueline a towel and a robe, whispering sympathetically to her, as if to say "We know. We were screwed too. We had to put up with his brutal banging and his humiliating cum in our privates. Isn't it awesome?" Titter, titter. Women!

Then I notice Brooke off in a corner, pretending to fool with the camera equipment. She sees me and straightens up to stare at me, arms folded across her white robe, her dark hair and brown eyes lovely and sexy and feminine now that she's scared. 

I so lust for her body, but I'm worried. I've fucked three women in one afternoon, and the mega Viagra I took is wearing off. Will I be able to stay the distance and keep it up and in Brooke? Will I have the ecstatic moment of feeling my sex juice flood the innermost parts of her pussy? Can I avoid the frustration and embarrassment of pulling a limp dick out of her without coming? Should I take another hit of Viagra? Shit! I'd have to wait hours or even overnight to fuck her.

She speaks looking directly at me. "You shouldn't be doing this, you know." Still staring at me. 

"Whatever," I reply. "What's the problem, Brooke? You made a deal. Are you Catholic or something?"

"Actually, I am," she replies. "And so's my husband. We made marriage vows, you know." Pause. "I have a little boy at home. He's three. What am I supposed to tell him?" 

"Tell him?" I repeat. "You don't tell him anything. Or your husband. This will be our dirty little secret. I'm not telling anybody, and Bob the Bastard at work who brokered this deal sure won't blab. He'd lose his job and more." 

Pause. She still looks defiant, angry. "Look," I say. "If you're Catholic, go and talk to the priest when we get back. You'll feel better. Then you'll be home and doing family things again and you'll forget." 

Her expression softens. She's thinking of the practical side of submission: "It's only sex. Nobody gets hurt, right?" 

Ha ha. Little does she know.

I step up to her and take her face in my hands. The kiss is full on the lips and genuine. I do feel the vulnerability under the hard exterior, the competent young executive assistant about to surrender her modesty and her marriage vows. Maybe love can be a part of lust. Who knows? 

I gently push her robe from her soft, tanned shoulders and let it fall to the floor. I take her hand in a boyfriend sort of way and walk her to the mirror in the middle of the bedroom. 

I kiss her deeply again and let my hands roam down her naked back to her panty-covered ass. Ah, such buttocks and their furrow of secret delights! She shivers. Ha! As I suspected, she's a vixen with strong sex responses that she hides carefully.

I spin her around and start the routine. This time it's slow and ritualistic, as if we were in fact lovers having it off for the first time. Sex is always the same and always different. It is the first and best connection between human beings. 

I gently touch Brooke's tits across the stretch of her bra. The tips of my fingers slowly circle down across her belly, pausing to dip into her navel, and then travel south again into the valley between her thighs, caressing the silky surface of her panties and mapping the outline of her camel toe, noting the hill above it formed by a luxurious forest of pubic hair. I hear her draw in a long breath as she feels my fingers dancing across her intimate place. 

I hug her to me with genuine affection. I unhook her bra and drop it to the floor. I turn her head and kiss her again, with passion. 

She responds. She knows now that I care, and that makes what I'm doing to her OK, at least for now. 

I face her to the mirror so she can see my hands grasping and lifting her breasts. I pinch her nipples gently between thumb and forefinger with a circular motion, teasing them into arousal. I lightly rub them with a full circular motion of my palms. 

She sighs again and her breath comes in short pants. "Oh, that feels good," she blurts. 

"Mmmmm," I go, just to let her know I like it too. 

Her hips begin to squirm. "They're so connected to my ..." she begins and stops, breathing hard. 

"Oh really," I say. "That's sounds nice. Let's see." My right hand leaves her breast and slips under the waistband of her panties, over the hill of her pubic thatch, and into the valley of her vulva. My fingers feel the wetness. 

"Yup," I say happily. "They're connected."

I spread the wetness up and down her sex furrow with my fingers, pausing to circle her clitoris and returning repeatedly to the well of her cunt for moisture to lubricate her pussy lips. 

Another deep kiss and I go on bended knee, like a knight kneeling before his lady. On impulse, I take her hand and kiss it. 

My eyes are at cunt level. I reach up to the waistband of her virginal white panties and slowly pull them down from her hips to her thighs, watching as the magnificent view of her naked pubic mound and vulva is gradually exposed to my sight. I sigh. She almost laughs at my mesmerized gaze at her private treasure. I bend forward and kiss it formally in welcome.

She steps out of her panties and I take her hand again, giving it a gentle squeeze to let her know I care and that it's going to be alright. We arrange her on her back on the bed. 

Brooke is voluptuous, a toned body, not harshly muscled like an athlete but in good shape from working out, a solid frame with large breasts but not too large, wide aureoles around her nipples, a nicely rounded belly promising a soft landing pad for my belly when I'm on top of her, and the rich chestnut of her pubic thatch peeping out from between her legs with their strong farmer's calves. 

"Pictures," I say to Cathy with the camera. We arrange Brooke in a number of provocative poses, like a model in a Playboy session. She senses the respect and worship of her body in this act, and the frown of her inner struggle flits across her face less frequently.

I step forward and spread her legs so Cathy can capture the breathtaking low-angle view up the valley of Brooke's legs to the central valley of her pussy mound and the hills of her belly and breasts, all surmounted by the oval of her face with its halo of straight chestnut hair. Click, click goes the camera lens. A sight to savor.

I lie beside her and whisper to her, holding out the false hope that she will not be violated, that we can just play a bit and that's OK, not a sin. She nods, still breathing hard. 

My mouth slips down to fasten on her right breast, drawing in the nipple and biting it lightly with my teeth. I take her right hand and place it on my penis, moving it up and down to encourage erection. She responds. She knows how to do this with a man. She's married, after all. 

My own right hand moves to her pussy and repeats its investigations, this time in full view of the cameras. I open the vulva lips and plunge fingers into the vaginal entrance to find lubrication that I can spread around her prominent clitoris and up and down her thick labia. I return again and again to the clit, feeling it get hard and hearing her breathing go shallower and faster, her belly now heaving. 

Then "Aaaah. Aaaaah. Aaaaaaaah. Aaaiieeeee." She comes! An orgasm! Brooke involuntarily closes her legs to prevent an intolerable level of stimulation on her clit.

Don't let her think. I roll over onto her and spread her legs. Thank God! My cock is stiff, and I rub the cock head up and down her furrow, reveling in the look and feel of its broad corona caressing the soft, wet lips of her vulva. 

Then in. Push. Shaft disappears slowly and completely into the recesses of Brooke's cunt.

The furrow of anguish returns to her brow. Her brown eyes darken. This is the sin of adultery. She's fucking another man. I lean forward and thrust hard. Again and again, faster and faster. 

Her pussy is so beautifully structured and prominent, it isn't difficult to be hyper aroused. I look down to take in my sex machine plunging away in her crotch and the tableau of her naked body. 

Then "Oooooh. Oooooooh. Aaaaaaah." She's swallowing and panting hard. The frown is gone. Her head thrashes side to side on the pillow. She's getting a full-body arousal from my thrusting. 

Spurred on, I fuck harder and think dirty thoughts. Then "Ooooooh Aaaaaargh. Uuuuuggh!" She comes! An orgasm! What a woman! I can feel her cunt constricting around my cock!

I lean up and pause to catch my breath and check my cock. Will it wilt? I won't stop to find out. She's panting hard. Her belly and the valley between her breasts are now dewed with sweat. 

I lean forward again and start fucking her with slow pushes up into her cunt as far as I can go. Then I go medium speed, rhythmically with hard drives into her vagina. Then I lose it again and fuck just as hard and fast as I can go, and there she goes again! 

"Aaaaa. Aaaaah. Oooooh. Ooooooooh. Aaaaaargh!" A full body orgasm! Two in a row! This girl is a sex machine! Let's go for the Triple Crown!

I lean up again and motion for a towel. I gently dab the moisture from her belly and breasts. She's giggling now as she pants, her hips moving slightly. She's still aroused, and I'm determined to go for it. It will be a race, because I can also feel my balls tense. I'm going to come soon, but I want her to come again too. 

I start the thrusting again, gradually building up to the hard, rhythmic thrusts up her pussy. She responds again, groaning and panting "Aaaaah. Aaaaaah." 

I can feel my cock stiffen. It's now or never. I have to go for it. No slowing down or trying to cool it. Just fuck, fuck, fuck. Harder, faster. 

She's going. She's going over the edge. But so am I! "Aaaaaah. AAAAAAAAaaaaaaah! Oooooooooohhh. Aaaaaaaaargh! Uuuuuuuugggh!" We both come in a shower of sex fluids! 

Her vagina lets down a flood of fragrant lubricant while my cock erupts in jet after jet of semen high up in Brooke's vaginal channel. Her cervix is coated with my sex fluid. I can feel her pussy convulsing again and again around my throbbing cock. 

It's the most ecstatic feeling in the world. And I wonder in the moment whether she really is on the pill, being Catholic and all. Oh well. If the baby's mine, it will still have a good home, right?

I fall forward on her naked body, and we lie panting together, our torsos slippery with sweat. My cock remains soaking in her dewy cunt. I don't want to remove it, ever. If I can just keep my cock forever in this heavenly cunt, I don't need food or water or even a heaven. All I need or want is here under me, soft and warm and welcoming inside. 

I hear a soft cough and look around. Jacqueline is standing beside the bed. "Well," she says with a sardonic grin, "it looks like you two had fun." 

I look at Brooke and we chuckle. "Mmmmmmm" I say, and lean down to kiss Brooke deeply.

"MMMMmmmmmmm. That was so good." 

She nods shyly. I guess she knows her secret is out. She's a perfect sex partner, responsive to male advances and intrusions of all kinds. 

"Did all that uuugh uuuugh uuuughing at the end mean that you both came?" Cathy's leering mouth was almost a sneer. 

"Sure they did," said Nancy, grinning at us. "I'd say they really enjoyed each other." Pause. More thoughtfully, "Maybe that's the way it should be."