 This is dedicated to all the hardworking beautiful lab techs, thanks for the work you do, you truly save lives.

I am a young man and when the doctor told me I should go in for some tests I was alarmed. " These are just routine test," he said. Still I was quite nervous when I walked into the lab where the tests were done. 

I walked over to the receptionist and she told me to have a seat. The minutes felt like hours as I waited to be called. When my name was finally called I almost missed it I was so caught up into the gloom and doom of it all. 

As I followed the technician I notice she was very attractive with an ample bosom. Her blue tech uniformed u hugged her very tightly especially around her tits. I would love to see those baby I thought to my self, then realizing where I was sort of put cold water on it. 

I walked into the examination room and she asked me to lie down on a table which I did. She stepped out for a sec but I was checking out her ass as she left, nice but the tits were far better. When she returned, she asked me to remove my shirt, I was tempted to say only if you remove yours first but I kept it professional and above board. As I laid on the table she began her touching, probing and prodding of me. She constantly leaned over me and often came dangerously close to my crotch . 

Uncontrollably I proceeded to get the onset of an erection. Damn, I felt like I was in high school but this time I had no book to cover it. The big tittied technician was all continuing her job when she turned to notice my obvious case of arousal. She didn't say a word but kept on working. The more she worked the harder I got. It was frustrating. The she excused herself and said I'll be right back. I heard call to some one out the door and in a couple of minutes a slightly older but very attractive woman walks in. She introduces herself and says she is there to help out her more inexperienced colleague. 

"Sure no problem," I said as I looked her over. 

She wasn’t wearing tech clothing but was dressed in a tight pair of pants and an tight top. She wasn't as ample as her younger colleague but she wasn't lacking either and her erect nipples made my dilemma all the more difficult. As she continued her testing she called me by my first name in a most alluring fashion, My dick was hard and getting harder by the second. 

She looked me in the eye and said, "Do you mind I have to undo you belt to check something." 

"Uh not at all" I whispered as I struggled to lose my erection, but it wasn't going anywhere. She shifted my underwear slightly and out pops my fully erect dick bouncing to and fro. I was too embarrassed to even say anything. 

"Don't worry" she said as she went about her task in a business like fashion, "It happens all the time." 

"Ok," I said but my dick was still very erect and exposed for both of them to see. 

She told the big tittied tech to get the door and to come here so she could show her something. My eyes were now closed because I was thoroughly embarrassed the I felt a hand on my dick. The older one had my dick in her hand and said "you just lay there sweetie we will take care of this for you." 

She then took the hand of the other tech and put it on my dick. I couldn’t believe it as the younger one started to massage my dick with a warm lotion she had in the lab. It felt so damn good. 

"You like that baby?" she said to me, I barely nodded yes when the older tech began to kiss the younger one right and began massaging her big breasts. The younger one kept up the hand job as my dick just got harder and grew bigger and bigger. 

I closed my eyes again to enjoy this incredible hand job and to my surprise when I opened just a mere moment later the big tittied tech's shirt was off and the older tech was sucking on her nipples. The younger one stifled her moans as I saw the older one hand slide into her pants. The action between these two were getting hotter and hotter and I felt I was about to become an after thought when the older one said "Oh you are nice and wet now, get up on that big dick and let me see you ride him." 

What I couldn't believe my luck but I said nothing. The younger one slipped a condom on me and proceeded to climb on top facing me. The older tech's top was now off and her dark skin were topped off by even darker shiny areolas. If I could getting harder I would but at this point it wasn't possible. The younger tech was building up a head of steam on my dick and the older one was behind her licking her ass and pussy and my balls. Occasionally the older one would pull my dick out and suck on it to taste her girlfriend's juices but it just got me harder as an added benefit. She kept saying to the girl , "You like his dick, you like riding his dick?" 

The big tittied tech said nothing but her moans said it all. I was know pumping in her and she was dripping wet. I was sucking on her titties and her girlfriend was slapping her ass. I know the combination of the two of us sent her over the top. She came when her girlfriend stuck her finger up her ass as I 'piston fucked' her mercilessly. She collapsed on top of me and the turned around and gave her girlfriend a really long soulful kiss. 

I eased the younger one off of me and said to the older on I want you now. She undid her pants and got up on the table on all fours. "You want to fuck my big ass from behind?" she asked a question that she obviously knew the answer too. I grabbed some of the warm lotion and spread all over her ass and then I slide my dick up her pussy. 

"Ohhh," was all she said as I proceed to grind my dick deep in her pussy. The big tittied tech was positioned in front of her and pushed her head into her sticky pussy. As I keep stroke my dick in her and grind harder and harder against that big ass her mouth was lock tightly on her girlfriend's pussy. The big tittied tech head was leaning back as she was enjoying the pussy eating that she was getting. Damn, this feels so good as I grabbed her hips and started to grind even deeper into her pussy. She realized her mouth from her girlfriend's pussy long enough to let out a yelp and she cursed and then locked her mouth back on. 

I knew I wasn't long for this world. Her pussy was drenched and it kept tightening on my dick. I was now grinding faster and faster into her pussy. She had now stopped eating her girlfriend's pussy and was pushing back against me. The big tittied tech was now playing with her pussy and telling me to fuck her faster…fuck her harder. I did every thing to comply with her command. The older woman was now frenzied and just bouncing back against me. I knew I couldn't take much more this was too good, so I grabbed her hips and fucked her and pounded her and grinded into her until she came. Her girlfriend seeing this fingered herself to another orgasm and I pulled off the condom, I stroked her pussy three more times and pulled out and came in a torrent all over her big ass. We were one big sweaty heap in that room. 

I was the first to stir and the older one said there are towels in the third draw to your right. I grabbed one and was about to hand on over but I see the big tittied tech cleaning up with her tongue. I pull up my pants as her tongue goes to the crack of the older woman's fine ass and finds it way to her asshole. The big tittied tech's face is now buried in between her cheeks as the older ones hip's are now rolling and more moans are escaping her lips. She keeps this up until the older one starts to shake and then she reaches back and hold her girlfriend's head in place between her cheeks until she cums again. 

Finally finished, I thanked my new friends. "No, Thank you," the older one said as we got ourselves together to look presentable. "Oh and by the way," she said to me, "all you test results were normal. But if you ever want to come back for more tests, my door is always open."