 The weather was cold... bitterly cold... the kind of weather that made you want to snuggle deep under heavy covers with a cup of hot chocolate, a crackling fire and a warm body to share it with.

A lone woman lugged her carry on bags through the all but deserted airport. Less than appropriately dressed for the drastic change in temperature, she pulled the collar of her thin jacket higher and tighter around her neck before she tugged sharply at the shoulder strap of one of her bags as she made her way down to baggage claim. The trek seemed to be an endless series of corridors, tunnels and moving sidewalks before the escalator carried her down to the ground floor.

*Why didn't I wait to come up here in the summer,* she thought to herself as she moved over to the metallic carousel to wait for her lone suitcase.

~~

"KATIE!" a feminine squeal echoed across the enormous room. Katie immediately smiled, even before spotting where the voice had originated.

"LE LE!" Katie happily squealed back as she hurried over to greet her friend of six years. Katie dropped her bags and threw her arms around Leanne's neck. The pair hugged each other tightly for a long moment before releasing their grasp on each other.

"Girl, where is your coat?" Leanne playfully scolded her friend as she helped her gather her bags.

"You didn't tell me it would be artic weather up here," Katie playfully scowled. "Looks like we are gonna have to shopping!"

"You got it, girly," Leanne grinned, knowing how much fun their infamous shopping sprees could be.

~~

"I see you made it one piece," Dante smiled broadly as he stood just inside the door.

"Barely," Katie grinned when she saw Dante. It had been over a year since the friends had been able to get together for a visit. This time, it had been Katie's turn to make the trip north. "Move your ass and let me in, I'm freezing."

With a chuckle, Dante stepped aside and let the two ladies inside into the warmth of the house. Katie stomped the snow from her shoes before kicking them off just inside the door. Leanne did the same a moment later. They piled Katie's bags in a neat stack in the foyer before stepping into the living room.

"C'mere you," Dante said, finally getting the opportunity to embrace his guest.

"Hiya, handsome," Katie cooed, standing on tiptoe as she hugged Dante tightly and kissed him on the cheek.

"Hey pretty lady," Dante replied in her ear. Katie immediately felt a surge of heat flush through her body as Dante's voice filled her ears. The first time she had spoken to Dante on the telephone, she almost melted in her seat. He had one of those deep, sexy, radio personality type voices. Much to her surprise, however, his voice perfectly fit his appearance. "I'm so glad you could come."

"Me too," Leanne replied, bouncing with excitement. When Dante and Katie broke the embrace, Leanne grabbed Katie by the arm and dragged her to the kitchen. "I made something special for you."

"You didn't?" Katie asked, her eyes wide and a knowing grin. "Is it what I think it is?"

"Yep," Leanne replied as she opened a cupboard door, retrieved three mugs and filled them with labels full of hot apple cider from a nearby crock-pot.

~~

"I hope you don't mind but we invited someone to dinner that we would like for you to meet," Dante said as the three sat and casually discussed recent events.

"Oh of course not," Katie replied with a slight roll of the eyes from Dante's formality. "You know me, the more the merrier."

"Good," Dante smiled over the rim of his mug. "You'll like him."

"Him?" Katie asked, raising en eyebrow ever so slightly. "Who is it?"

"His name is Chris," Leanne leaned over and whispered. "I can't wait for you to meet him."

"Katie, I know that you just got here," Dante said, "But, do you think I could impose upon you to make some of your famous chili?"

Katie thought for a long moment, tapping her finger on her chin, and then the corners of her mouth curled upward into a sly grin. Without a word she sat down her cider mug, walked over to her pile of luggage and unzipped the top bag that had been one of her carry ons. She reached inside and produced a large, square container. Grinning, she walked over to Dante and set the container on the coffee table in front of him. The frost on the outside of the container verified that its contents were frozen.

"Ohhhh," Leanne squealed with delight, "You are the little Girl Scout, aren't you hon?"

"Always prepared," Katie replied with a giggle as Dante literally drooled when he peeked under the lid.

~~

"That was delicious, ladies," Chris said as he patted his full belly and leaned back in his chair.

"Why don't we have dessert in the living room so that we can all get more comfortable," Leanne suggested with a secret wink to Dante.

"Marvie idea, Le Le," Katie replied as she pushed her chair back from the table. "Do you want some help?"

"No, I've got it covered." Leanne replied sweetly. "Why don't you all go on in and I will bring out everything."

Katie smiled, walked up beside Chris and slipped her hand into the crook of his elbow. "I'm certainly glad that you could join us tonight, Chris."

"So am I," Chris smiled down at the woman on his arm. "Thanks for the invite, Dante."

"Anytime," Dante said from behind the pair as the three adjourned to the living room. He took his usual seat in the recliner closest to the fireplace. Chris seated Katie on the sofa and then took a seat for himself on the loveseat.

Leanne emerged from the kitchen carrying a large tray, on which were perched four tall glasses of deep burgundy wine, a plate of small assorted pastries and a rather large can of whipped cream. The four helped themselves to the desserts and the wine as Leanne took a seat on the sofa next to Katie. The four talked, laughed and consumed two full bottles of wine over the next hour.

Katie picked up a chocolate pastry from the tray then picked up the half empty can of whipped cream. She was in full chat mode, words bubbling out of mouth at record speed as she shook the can in concert with her chatter. As she mashed on the spout of the can to disperse the fluffy cream onto her dessert, the can hiccupped and sent gobs of whipped goo in all directions. 

"EWWW!" Leanne jumped as a glob landed close to the corner of her mouth. The room erupted into boisterous drunken laughter.

Katie, long since feeling the effects of the alcohol, grinned and said, "Here, Le Le, lemme clean that up for you." She then leaned in and wrapped her lips around the glob and sucked it off then licked the spot clean. Before Katie could pull back, Leanne turned her head and drove her tongue into Katie's mouth. Dante just smiled to himself as Chris's jaw fell open in amazement. Katie wrapped her arms around Leanne's waist and was trying desperately to untuck her shirt from her slacks.

Dante chuckled softly as he pushed himself up and out of the recliner and moved over beside his lovely wife. He reached down and assisted Katie in getting Leanne's shirt up around her shoulders. He then leaned back and unclasped Leanne's skimpy black bra and pulled it down her arms. Leanne didn't protest in the slightest, nor did she remove her tongue from Katie's mouth.

Chris moved the tray from the coffee table and placed it on the floor. He then sat down on the coffee table so that he would have a first hand view of the goings on. Dante sat on the arm of the sofa beside Leanne, one of her perky nipples rolling between his finger and thumb.

With a nod from Dante, Chris slid off the table and dropped to his knees. He admired the sight of Leanne's bare breasts for a moment before taking one into his hand and bringing it to his mouth. Leanne, at the feel of a warm mouth engulfing her nipple, unconsciously shifted her hips and opened her legs.

Katie ran one of her hands across Leanne's chest then down her stomach as she headed for the waist band of her pants. 

"Ah ah ah," Dante's voice was soft yet authoritative as he grabbed Katie's hand. "If you want a taste, you're going to have to earn it." Katie moaned softly as she drove her tongue deeper into Leanne's mouth for a moment longer before pulling back, licking the drool from her lips.

"Let's make sure that you haven't lost your touch," Dante said with a knowing grin. "Chris, why don't you let Katie suck you? She's really good."

Chris happily stood up and dropped his pants to his ankles. Katie grabbed him by the waist, spun him around and pushed him back on the sofa. Looking over at Dante, Katie smirked as she removed Chris's pants and tossed them aside. She eagerly shoved Chris's legs apart and looked up into his eyes for any sign of hesitation. Seeing none, she gently took his erect penis in her hand and held it up. Licking her lips slowly in anticipation, Katie leaned in and placed her tongue at the base of his cock and licked her way up in short, tickling strokes until she reached the head.

"So that is where you learned to do that," Dante said to Leanne as she stripped off the rest of her clothing before helping Dante out of his.

"We share our secrets," Leanne smiled sweetly as she followed Katie's lead by pushing Dante down onto the sofa beside Chris and began mirroring Katie's techniques, move for move. After several moments of grunts, groans, moans and pants... both men were emptying their balls into the girls' mouths. The girls swallowed only what they needed to then turned to each other to share the rest of their prizes with each other. Dante then grabbed Leanne's head, pulled her up to him and kissed her deeply. Chris only watched the exchange so Katie took the opportunity to steal a few gulps of wine from a nearby glass.

"Hey, man," Chris spoke up after a couple of minutes. "You think she's earned a taste of your wife?"

"Hmmm?" Dante finally broke his attention from his wife. "Oh... I dunno. Does my little baby girl want a taste of Leanne's delicious pussy?" Dante knew that talking to Katie in such a way would excite her enough that she would do anything he wanted.

"You know I do, Big Daddy," Katie replied without a second's hesitation. Her eyes sparkled with lustful fire as she looked Leanne's perfect body up and down, drinking in the site of her.

"Alright," Dante nodded. "I guess you can have some of her."

Leanne stood and looked at Katie as if to say "where do you want me?" Katie gently pushed Leanne back onto the coffee table, with her backside barely hanging off the edge. Leanne laid back and spread her legs. Katie moved up and started kissing across Leanne's stomach and down to her navel. Leanne spread her legs wider and began pushing on the top of Katie's head in an effort to hurry things along.

"You're hungry, aren't you my love?" Dante whispered in Leanne's ear as he got on his knees by her head. As Katie's lips moved across her neatly trimmed pubic hair, Leanne gasped and reached over her head to wrap her arms around Dante's waist. "Show Chris how good Katie is at eating your pussy."

Leanne turned her head and waved Chris over. She took his cock; half erect from his previous orgasm, and guided it to her mouth and began to suck it hungrily.

Katie gently parted Leanne's lips with her fingers and inhaled deeply as the scent reached her nose. She was already wet and slightly swollen so Katie puckered her lips and blew a cool breeze across Leanne's over heated skin, causing her to squirm. Katie grinned then began to lick Leanne's nub gently.

Leanne, more excited at the feel of Katie's warm tongue, pulled Chris's hard cock from her mouth and began stroking it fast with her hand. With her other hand, she latched onto Dante's now rock hard member and guided it to her waiting mouth. She began to alternate between the two; sucking one for several stokes before trading it for the other, pausing occasionally to enjoy her own pleasure.

Katie rhythmically licked and sucked at Leanne's delicious pussy, lapping up every drop of her goodness. She heard Leanne's throaty moan as she ran a finger across the kiss of her ass before sliding two fingers into the warm folds of her womanhood and quickly located Leanne's glory spot. She worked it gently enough to feel it swell under the pads of her fingers then avoiding it completely as she worked her fingers in and out slowly. Leanne whimpered in disappointment and shifted her hips to try to manipulate where Katie's strokes would fall.

"MMM, she knows how to work it, doesn't she my love?" Dante asked in a breathless voice as he tried his best to maintain his composure as Leanne again swallowed his cock down her throat. Her reply was nothing more than a muffled moan. "You want her to make you cum, don't you beautiful?"

"Yes... fuck yes!" Leanne gasped as she ejected Dante's cock from her mouth and quickly replaced it with Chris's.

Katie took that as her cue. She sucked Leanne's clit between her lips and flicked it with the tip of her tongue as she added another finger into Leanne's slippery grip. She again located the spot that would drive Leanne into a frenzy and caressed it ever so slowly. A series of groans and pants could be heard from the opposite end of the table. She felt Leanne's clit swell under her tongue and her grip tightened around Katie's fingers. Just when she thought Leanne could hold out not longer, Katie gently pushed a finger from her other hand beyond the pucker of Leanne's ass.

Leanne's body locked and she felt several hot drops splatter across her chest from Chris's cock that she was stroking feverishly in her hand. Dante's eyes closed, he threw his head back and moaned loudly as he, again, came into his wife's mouth.

Katie, slowing her pace to bring Leanne back down from her orgasm, could hear the cries and felt her own wetness trickle down her thighs. Leanne's legs held Katie's head in place as her body was rocked with wave after erotic wave. When Leanne's muscles began to relax, Katie leaned back onto the soft carpet, propping herself on her elbows.

Chris dropped back onto the sofa and Leanne continued to lie across the coffee table. Dante eased himself down onto the love seat and laughed as his knees shook uncontrollably. Very little was said as everyone tried to catch their breath.

Dante looked around the room, from one person to the other, a confused look washed across his face. Chris began looking around the room in an effort to figure out what it was that Dante was seeing. Leanne moved off the table and sat on the love seat beside her husband.

"What's wrong with you?" Chris asked.

"Something isn't right," Dante said, tilting his head to one side.

"What isn't right?" Leanne also began to search the room with her eyes. Katie silently followed suit from her position on the floor on the other side of the room.

"Why is it that Katie still has her clothes on?" Dante asked after a moment. Three pairs of eyes fell on the woman who was still dressed in her off one shoulder sweater and dark leggings. Katie suddenly felt her face flush with heat.

"Awww," Leanne smiled. "She's blushing, how cute."

"You didn't play while all of that was going on?" Chris asked.

"I didn't have enough hands," Katie giggled and winked at Leanne. "Le Le had them rather preoccupied."

"Poor girl," Leanne poked out her bottom lip in a pout, "Everyone has come except for you."

"At least once," Chris chuckled under his breath at the fact that he and Dante were both one up on Leanne and two up on Katie.

Katie shrugged casually, "It's no biggy, and I like to give as well as receive."

"Riiiiight," Chris rolled his eyes and laughed. Katie just smiled as she eyed the two men's cocks and wondered if she would get to taste them both before the night was over. The thought of having another hot load slide down her throat caused her mouth to water and she unconsciously licked her lips.

"Oh, no..." Leanne said, wagging her finger, "we are not gonna have any of that."

"Any of what?" Katie asked, confusion now washing over her face.

"None of this half assed participation crap," Leanne frowned. "You're either all in or your all out."

"What are you talking about?" Katie's head was swimming from the large quantities of wine but she turned her head from side to side in search of her glass. Spotting it on the floor, she rolled over onto her side and stretched her arm out and greedily snatched her drink, some of the contents sloshing out onto the serving tray.

Leanne moved from her position on the loveseat and padded across the carpet. She reached down and took Katie's hand and helped her up. Once standing, Leanne, who was considerably less intoxicated, began helping Katie out of her clothes. Katie giggled as she would swap her glass from one hand to the other to keep from having to set it down. Chris let out a whistle at the sight of Katie's gold colored thong and absence of a bra. Leanne led Katie over to where the men were sitting near one another on the ends of the sofa and loveseat.

Leanne pointed to Dante's lap. "Sit," she demanded.

Katie giggled again and looked at Dante with a questioning expression. He smiled and patted his thighs. Katie raised an eyebrow and threw a glance over her shoulder to Leanne.

"I said sit!" Leanne scolded her, grabbed her by the shoulders, spun her around and pushed her backward. Dante reached out and helped ease Katie down onto his lap.

Dante wrapped his arms around Katie's body, pulling her back against his bare chest, and took her breasts into his hands. He held them up and motioned to Chris, who was already on the move. Once Chris had a firm grasp on one of Katie's nipples, Dante used his knees to open Katie's legs.

"Oh honey," Leanne said as she dropped to her knees just to side of Katie's left leg. "She's completely soaked." She dipped one finger in and brought it to Dante's mouth. He eagerly sucked her finger clean.

"Is my baby girl hungry?" he whispered in her ear. Katie replied with a nod.

"I think baby girl needs some attention," Chris said as he released the nipple from his mouth to give the other equal treatment. He jerked his head up with a start as he felt a hard a slap ricochet off the side of his head. "What the hell was that for?"

"I'm the only who calls her that," Dante snapped. "You choose your own pet name."

Leanne chuckled. "Sorry, Chris, I should have warned you. Superman, here, takes pet names very seriously."

"Sorry, dude," Chris backed away slightly, taken aback at the sudden possessive outburst.

"It's ok, Chris," Katie purred, "I'm sure you will find something just as appropriate and equally exciting."

After a couple of awkward moments, Katie was soon softly moaning, her head resting on Dante's shoulder and a continuous flow of one sided, erotic conversation flowing into her ear that was only interrupted by the occasional sensation of his lips brushing slightly across her neck and his fingertips grazing her skin. Chris rhythmically alternated his mouth from one of her nipples to the other as Leanne buried her face between Katie's legs.

"Tell Big Daddy what you want, baby girl," Dante demanded. She replied with only a long moan. "Nooo," he said then nipped her ear. "You have to tell me what you want."

"I want your cock in my ass," she replied in a choked whisper.

"Mmmm," Dante growled in her ear as he scraped his nails down the sensitive skin of her chest. "My girl doesn't want to cum?"

"Yes," she replied, barely audible.

"Hmmm?" Dante grinned, knowing full well the effect his voice and words were having on her. "Big Daddy can't take of his girl if you don't tell me what you want."

"Oh god..." Katie whimpered as she felt the orgasm building. "Please..."

"Please what?" he asked.

"I wanna...oh god...I wanna cum," Katie pleaded between moaning pants. "I wanna cum so fucking bad, big daddy."

"Ok baby," Dante stroked her hair and began whispering luscious words of encouragement in her ear. "C'mon baby, cum for me... show Big Daddy what a good little girl you are."
