 After an incredible round of sexual passion with Eric, my husband looks eager and more ready than ever to join and have some fun. 

I release his manhood from my hungry mouth where he left my present as Eric pulls out slowly from my womanhood. Mike is watching Eric’s dick slide out of my cum soaked pussy with enthusiasm and excitement. I can’t believe how much he seems to be enjoying me with another man, I am finding that it not only excites me but is a turn on for me too.

Mike moves down to my pussy with no delay and starts to eat my well fucked pussy dripping with cum from Eric and me. He is getting his tongue deep into my pussy and it feels wonderful. I see Eric’s dick glistening from our cum, still wet and pull him to my mouth. I want a taste of us too. Ummm it does taste good, no wonder my husband is going to town on my pussy. I moan uncontrollably from the excitement and pleasure that I feel as well as what they are feeling. Eric’s cock in my pussy was so incredible and it is heaven in my mouth as I clean him dry of our juices. I feel like I’m floating on a cloud, my husband is eating my creampie and I have Eric’s dick in my mouth and I’m going to suck him for all he is worth. 

Mike is ready by now to take his turn fucking my pussy. He has told me that my pussy feels so good after it has been fucked and filled, well it has definitely been fucked and filled. He moans with pleasure and so do I as he slides his rock hard 7” into me. Eric is moaning too as he pumps my mouth and his 8” tool is coming back to life. 

Mike wastes no time as he starts to pump my pussy with is dick telling me how good it feels, how much he wants to fuck me and how much he loves watching me suck Eric’s dick. He verbally encourages me to suck Eric good, his balls too. This is too good to be true, I am getting fucked and am sucking two of the hottest looking men with two of the greatest dicks and my husband not only wants it all but loves it and is encouraging every bit and then some. A girl couldn’t ask for a better husband, he loves me and loves to share me with his best friend. I will admit, I love this, I love getting fucked by these two men and I want more!!

Mike is tearing my pussy up, each thrust into my pussy I feel him bottom out and it’s great. Eric is feeling up my breasts as I milk his cock back to life so that when Mike goes he’ll be ready to take over and fuck me some more. I want them to take turns and fuck me all day. 

Watching Mike I realize that he is mesmerized by me sucking Eric and have noticed that the more I suck him, the more intense I get with it the hard his thrust on my pussy get. I can see now that the better I suck Eric’s tasty dick the better my pussy is getting fucked. This will be not only be an easy task for me but a no brainer!

Eric is pretty hard by now and Mike is still pounding my pussy with a passionate fury. It is now that Eric is not only moaning beyond control but lets me know that he is about ready. My eyes focus on my husband with the obvious question, does he want me to swallow Eric’s sweet load? “Swallow if you want to, I’d love to watch, I’d love to taste him on your lips”! Oh god I love this man, and I will love complying with his wish. I feel Eric’s dick start to swell in my mouth, the moment is here. It tastes so good, so sweet and hot. I swallow every drop trying to suck more that he can supply. Mike stops his assault on my pussy and moves toward my lips as I let go of Eric’s dick my husband plants the hardest most passionate kiss on my lips I’ve felt in a long time. He’s moaning as I am at the fire between us. He releases my lips and resumes his attack on my pussy while I once again resume mine on Eric’s now tired cock. I can and will bring this back to life as I do not want to stop now, I want to get fucked, fucked good and I want it from these two gentlemen. 

Mike can go no more it seems as he lets me know he is going to give my pussy another dose of juice. He must have gotten really worked up watching me suck Eric’s dick because this is the second load of cum from him and I feel him fill me. Each spurt of seed is coming out of him with such thrust and quantity it sends me into another orgasm. They make me feel so dam good and they feel so dam good. If I feel have as good to them as they feel to me then they truly are in heaven. 

I’m sucking Eric’s balls as I feel Mike getting soft inside me. I love that feeling as well as the feeling of a soft cock in my mouth getting hard. Mike starts to suck my nipples while keeping an eye on my unconscious attack of Eric’s balls and dick with my mouth. I’m hungry for this dick; I want it, more of it. I can’t get enough now. 

Eric moves off the bed to position himself between my legs. He motions to Mike to move. Eric starts to lick and suck on my vagina! Oh that feels good. I let my husband know how good they feel as I pull him to me. I want to suck his dick and balls and I want to suck them dry while Eric uses his tongue on my pussy and eats me good. He seems to like it as well. He eats my pussy with hunger as I do the same to my husbands beautiful cock. 

These two have no idea how good I feel right now. They have no idea how good they feel to me, how good they taste, smell and look. I want to eat them both up!!! I want them, in me, on me, all over me. 

I suck my husband’s balls as I watch him watch Eric eating my pussy. His eyes seem to move to Eric’s cock as well. Why?

He pulls back and leans over and kisses me ever so softly, so gentle, licking and sucking each lip. He tells me to turn over so that I am bent over the bed. Eric gives me room and I see now what Mike was looking at. Eric is almost full hard by now as well as my husband. Mike lies on the bed with my face at his crotch as I feel Eric slowly slide his dick into my hungry, begging pussy. It feels so good, so wanted, so needed and desired. I feel Eric quickly get hard inside me, thrusting deep, deeper than he has before. It feels great, I want it I want to get fucked, fucked good, fucked by him. I want his load of seed again, I want it all. I’m moaning and panting with a passion by now, I mean this is a dream come true. I’m afraid I’m going to wake up! Eric is pounding the hell out of my pussy and I am loving it. I can’t help but start to scream, “oh yea, that’s it fuck me fuck me hard, I want you to fuck me, I want you to fill me with your seed, fuck me”! “I’m going to fuck you and fuck you good. I’m going to fill your pussy with my cum. Your pussy feels so dam good around my dick, I want to fuck you so bad.” Mike is in heaven. His precum is flowing heavy. My just desserts, I love precum! I suck him and suck him hard as the three of us are moaning from ecstasy. I want to love on these to forever, I want to drain every last drop of cum from them, I want it in me where ever I can get it. 

My wish is about to come true, Mike’s precum is so heavy I think he is cuming and Eric has said so. It is all too perfect, I feel Eric cuming in my pussy as he thrusts his dick into my pussy deep and Mike is spurting as I start my orgasm from the excitement. I suck every drop of my husbands sweet delicious seed and my pussy is busy making it’s own cum and squeezing Eric’s dick of every drop it can get from his lovely dick.

We all three collapse on the bed from exhaustion. I lie there wondering, “is there more ahead? Can I fuck them ALL day? I want too!”