 Scene from the Marquis

"Have you ever read any porn stories?" I ask, looking mischievously for a shocked reaction.

Breakfast has arrived from the liveried room service waiter, and we're all sitting around the little meal table in our virginal white robes, nibbling on croissants and sipping coffee. 

Jacqueline clears her throat. "No," she says with wry grin that I've learned comes before a riposte. "Have you?" She raises her eyebrows archly. 

Cathy snickers and stares at me excitedly, as if to say, "Get out of that one, sucker." 

I have no intention of disappointing her. "Of course," I say offhandedly. "Most men have. The real question is why women don't." 

This last I direct at Cathy, but she snickers and looks at Nancy. Brooke just looks down, embarrassed. 

"I know most women say they don't like porn, but privately I think most do when confronted with it in a situation they can't get out of. Soooo, I've brought some with me. Wasn't that nice of me? Just to get us in the mood again." 

Looks of dismay go around my bevy of four beauties and they fall silent. 

We manage to finish breakfast with awkward social chatter. At least they're not openly rebellious. Who cares? This is my dirty weekend, and I want to do porn with them. I wash Viagra down with my coffee.

After the dishes are cleared by the waiter, who is now shooting openly curious glances at four women and one man clad in nothing but white bath robes, I gather them on the bed and open a book. 

"This is the Marquis de Sade, essential reading for all libertines with a strong interest in varieties of human sexual experience, including horny men like me who like to be aroused." Titters and knowing looks. 

"This book is called 'Justine' and is the least violent of de Sade's works, so it's a good place for you to start your education into what we call "bdsm", which stands for bondage, domination, sadism, and masochism. They all involve restraint and pain in varying degrees as a stimulus to sexual activity." 

Worried looks around the group. "It's OK. I'm not going to hurt you." Yet, I think, heh heh.

"You've all read 'Fifty Shades Of Grey', so you know what I'm talking about." They nod hesitantly, even Brooke.

"Anyway, in this scene, the heroine, Justine, has come to a nunnery to escape a lecherous man who is chasing her. She doesn't know that the nunnery is run by four depraved monks who use the young nuns for their own sexual pleasures." 

"As the scene opens, one of the monks, Father Antonine, has entered the nuns' dormitory for their morning inspection. Like soldiers in barracks, the nuns all stand beside their neatly made beds in simple homespun dresses." 

"But Father Antonine inspects more than their beds. He lifts their dresses and inspects their pussies and boobs. Then he selects four young nuns, including Justine. He strips them of their clothes and lays Justine on her back on her bed. He places another nun above Justine with her legs spread and her pussy touching Justine's hair. The other two nuns lie beside Justine facing her." 

"Then Father Antonine mounts Justine and sticks his cock up her cunt. As he fucks her, he leans forward and licks the pussy of the girl above Justine's head. Simultaneously, he uses his left and right hands to finger the pussies of the girls beside him, and so his fingers, tongue, and cock are all penetrating vaginas, and he works them all into a magnificent orgasm."

"What do you think of that?" 

They all look at each other. "I'll read the whole thing to you. It's only a few paragraphs." 

I read. They still look at each other afterward to see who is going to say something. 

Cathy offered, "It sounds pretty awkward." 

"Think so?" I asked. "Like to try it?" 

Cathy shakes her head and looks as though she's going to dismiss the whole thing, so I say "You're it. Cathy, you're Justine." 

I get off the bed and pull the robe off her shoulders. "Up, up" I motion to the others. "Up off the bed and take off your robes."

I push Cathy onto her back on the bed. "See? She's the shortest. I have to be able to lean forward over her head to lick Brooke. Brooke, lie down above Cathy and spread your legs."

Looking a little bewildered, Brooke does as I ask, scooching onto her back on the pillows above Cathy's head and gingerly lowering her butt so her asshole and cunt nestle on top of Cathy's straight honey blonde hair, streaked fashionably with red. 

Brooke is looking at me, wondering how kinky I really am, doing this. I can see it in her face. She obviously hasn't read the Marquis de Sade, so I resolve to buy her a copy and make her read it all the way through just to disgust her.

I motion Nancy to lie on Cathy's right on her left side, and then Jacqueline to lie on Cathy's left on her right side. The tableau from the book is now set. One of my favorite porn scenes is about to become real. I pause to scoop up the camera for a photo and rub my cock into stiffness. 

Knees on bed now, I advance up Cathy's spread legs and introduce my penis once again into her warm, wet love nest. As I lean forward, passing my cock into the depths of Cathy's cunt, I find revealed before me the beauty of de Sade's scenario. He must have done this himself and became inspired to write about it so the rest of us could experience its remarkable arousal. 

As my face moves up over Cathy's—I kiss her mouth hungrily, biting her lips—I see before me Brooke's luscious overgrowth of pubic hair and smell her intoxicating aroma of cunt. A little stretch up and I can insert my tongue between her pouting vulva lips and taste again the warm wetness of her pheromone-laden secretions.

Cathy's heavy breath on my chest moves in time with my penis thrusts in her vagina. I glance down to take in the arousing sight of her tits, belly, and spread legs, my cock shaft disappearing into the triangle of her cunt hair at the apex. 

I flatten her tits by lying full weight on her. This releases my arms to stretch out at my sides, seeking more cunt. First Nancy on my left makes a friendly adjustment so my fingers can find her pussy, and then Jacqueline on my right does the same with her trademark sardonic grin that says, "I know what you guys really want, and it's the secret place between my legs."

Now the machine moves into high gear. I fuck harder into Cathy's cunt; I slurp the heavenly taste of Brooke's pussy juice; I screw my fingers into Nancy's vagina and Jacqueline's vagina, flicking their clits. 

I'm drowning in sex sensations. It's incredible: the smells, the tastes, the groaning sounds of arousal, the feeling of Cathy's cunt around my cock, of Brooke's pussy in my mouth, of Nancy and Jacqueline's vulva in my hands. 

"Ugh ugh ugh." The girls are beginning to get off. 

"Ah ah ah." My cock is beginning to stiffen, my balls to tense. 

"Aaaaah. Aaaaaah. Aaaaargh." My semen floods Cathy's cunt and Brooke pushes her clit into my face as she comes. 

I continue thrusting in Cathy's pussy as my cock relaxes to bring her down, and I work on the two clits in my hands until they have the blessed relief of orgasm.

I lie across the end of the bed, exhausted. "That was pretty good," understates Nancy. "You managed to get three of us off at once." 

They look at Cathy. "So what happened to you?" 

Cathy sneers. "I don't like this." The others shrug.

"Who's for shopping?" I ask, disingenuously. We all shower and dress and go out for lunch, lots of local eateries in Manhattan. 

A few blocks away by taxi and we're into Macy's for the shopping orgy. The girls graze through each department, commenting on the goods and approving each purchase. Hours later, we return to the hotel laden with swag, credit cards near exhausted. Even Cathy's mood has improved somewhat now that the promised rewards are in her hands. 

Little does she know what the finale holds for her. I'm going to make sure she gets the full treatment tonight.