 It was a warm summers night, and I had been in the city with my boyfriend Stefan. I had been shopping and purchased a nice dress, that showed off my large tits. It left little to the imagination, and knowing that I was about to surprise my boyfriend, I decided to leave my underwear at home. 

We arrived at the bar, and we grabbed a table in the middle of the room. We sat opposite each other, and started to make small talk. We had been in the city for a dirty weekend, and were laughing at some of the exploits we had. He started talking about the home made porn that he had made, and I noticed that his cock had started to grow. Before I knew it he had pulled out his phone, and I could only assume he was watching his cock slide in and out of my tight ass. He enjoyed my ass, and as he let out a quiet, moan, I could tell that he was enjoying reliving it.

A young girl, roughly twenty, with long pale legs, hair pulled up and red lipstick on approached the table we were at. She sat down, and her beauty took my breath away. I had always been attracted to pin up girls, but this girl was ridiculous. With a simple wink, I knew that her name was Ruby and she was the girl that I had been speaking to on-line. The girl that I had arranged to put on a show with. 

Stefan was still looking at his phone, and had not noticed Ruby sit down. She turned to me and pulled my neck in for a passionate kiss. An older man sitting at the table across from ours, let out a horny moan. Stefan thought that he had been caught watching the home-made porn, and looked up. He looked straight at myself and Ruby, sharing a passionate and intense kiss. He looked Ruby up and down, noticing her small yet perky tits. He sat there in shocked silence, as I put all my attention and effort into Ruby. As we sat there, I faced Stefan, and my hand made its way up Ruby's milky thigh. As it got to her pussy, I noticed that she was dripping in anticipation. 

My finger entered her tight pussy as she let out a small moan. I began to rub her, teasing her, before pulling my finger out and suggestively put it in my mouth. I looked at my boyfriend who was in complete shock. I then looked down and saw that his cock had grown and was causing a tense looking tent in his pants. I grabbed my phone, dropped it under the table "oops". I went under the table, ensuring that I had the video camera turned on. I pulled his already pulsating cock out of his pants, and saw the glistening pre cum. As I backed my bald pussy on Ruby's leg, so she could feel my dripping pussy juices, I sucked, licked and face fucked Stefan's cock. I made sure that I stopped right before he came. 

Grabbing the phone and Ruby by the arm, we left the table, without any more than a wink. We walked past the older man's table and noticed that his cock was also out of his pants, and covered with pre cum. I stopped at his table, grabbed Ruby's tit with my hand, and said "let's play". He let out a moan, and saved the memory for his spank bank.

As Ruby and I made it into the bathroom, I pulled out my trusty phone, set it up so that Stefan could see us and video called him. He answered, which gave me my invitation, to look into the camera, and undress Ruby. Her dress fell to the ground, exposing her bare pussy and her perky tits. I faced my ass towards the camera, and placed her nipple in my mouth. I started to suck it, whilst my hand made its way to her exposed pussy. This time, I entered to fingers into her, whilst I sucked on her nipples. I felt her pussy tighten, which was my signal to remove my fingers. I went over to her bag and pulled out a didlo. I spread my legs to the camera, whilst Ruby got in between them. I felt her tongue lap up my juices from my thighs, before feeling her hot breath on my pussy lips. As I felt her tongue enter my pussy, I felt the sharp pain, of the dildo being inserted in my ass. 

Stefan's phone screen went black. The video had ended. Out walked Ruby with a key. She handed it to him, kissed his lips, ensuring that he could taste his girlfriend's juices, and walked away.

Stefan quickly placed his raging erection in his pants, before hurrying to find the bathroom. As he entered the bathroom, he found me bound and gagged with the dildo in my ass. I had a bite mark on my left ass check, and the words "fuck me" written across it, in red lipstick.

Part Two to come