 Rub a Dub-Dub, Three Friends in a Tub

Gary and I had gotten lucky. We were at my house one evening. To be more precise, we were at the place where I was "house sitting" for the summer. I was occupying half of a brown shingle duplex. It was originally a grand, single family home, but had been illegally subdivided into two apartments. The owners had installed a door between the two apartments which, nonetheless, still allowed easy access between the residential units when it wasn't securely locked. The other unit was occupied by a single woman named Julie, someone I had known as a friend for several years. She referred me to the other renters as a reliable house sitter when I first moved to the area but hadn't yet settled in.

Gary was a buddy with whom I shared many interests. He and I were entertaining Julie and another woman, Hannah, in the living room. The stereo was playing dance music and we were all sitting on pillows around a large coffee table, eating snacks, drinking, and sharing some laughs. 

Hannah had recently ended a relationship with her long-time fiancé. As a consequence, she was going through the sort of separation angst we have all experienced at one time or another. She was full of the energy often produced by conflicted feelings, and wanting to break out of her post-partum doldrums and try something new and exciting. Tonight, she wanted to get laid.

Julie was the stereo-typical feminist "man hater" (who nonetheless loved to fuck).

She was oh-so "politically correct" - whatever that means - in public, but not nearly so squeamish in private. She was also bi-sexual, a fact I had discovered by accident one evening while the two of us walked together down a crowded sidewalk. As we started to pass a local bar, she suddenly dropped back and whispered, "Don't look back at me. Just keep walking." I was perplexed, but I assumed we were in danger of being seen by someone she didn't want to observe us together... another lover perhaps. 

I walked on ahead and waited down the block until she approached.

When she caught up with me she apologized. "I'm sorry... I should have told you this before. I'm bi-sexual. Once in awhile I hang out with Lesbians. That's the bar we sometimes frequent. If they saw me with you, holding hands or being too familiar, they might tease me about it later." I laughed at the irony. I never imagined myself being the source of such a scandal as that. This woman was fearful of being seen with a man by her dyke girlfriends... and I was the man in question!

Sometimes, life is just comical. 

When we returned to the house we were sharing, she made it up to me... That woman sure loved to fuck. But the truth is she liked women too, and I wondered if she liked eating pussy as much as I did (I really didn't see how that could even be possible, but that's just me). One thing was for sure: Despite her newly admitted attraction to women, she also loved the feel of a long, hard cock slipping in and out of her juicy wet cunt. She moaned, and groaned, and was very loud when she fucked. She wanted it in every position, and repeatedly. 

My idea had been to invite Hannah over, and bring my friend Gary along for the ride. Maybe we could turn things into a party... maybe even an orgy. I called them all on the telephone and arrangements were made to meet at our place. 

After we got loosened up, the conversation turned to matters sexual. We talked about our various observations and experiences, and the changing roles of the sexes in society. As the music and the intoxicating conversation worked their magic, we all four ended up dancing together. At first we danced as two couples, switching partners from time to time. Then we danced to some fast music as a group. The women looked very sexy, dancing with some deliberately provocative moves.

At one point, Hannah pulled Julie down onto the big pillows on the floor and teased us by saying, "You must have been to strip clubs to watch women dance... Let's see if you have what it takes to be 'sex objects' yourselves. Just how bold are you guys, really!?"

Gary and I found ourselves dancing alone together to the fast music, while the women exchanged flirtatious kisses and taunted us from the floor. It was more than just a little embarrassing at first trying to dance provocatively, not to mention with another guy. Neither Gary nor I are gay, but we both were horny as hell and determined to get laid if that was possible. Gary was bolder than I. He embarked on an exaggerated semi-strip tease, slowly unbuttoning his shirt and then ripping it off his chest. I was less daring, choosing instead to place myself in front of the two women and gyrate my hips in what I thought was a seductive manner. They laughed out loud good naturedly at my inexperience, and I felt like a dork, but I started to get into it when a few really sexy songs came on the stereo and the two women both encouraged me to continue. 

Hannah was obviously in a frisky mood. She was taunting us with ribald comments and generally acting lewd and lascivious. But Julie, much to my surprise, had suddenly become very reticent. I would have been much less surprised if the situation were reversed, and it had been Hannah who was the reluctant one. Julie had already demonstrated a healthy lust, and learning that she was bi-sexual only made me think she would likely have no qualms about a foursome. Julie wouldn't suck cock and swallow cum, but she did everything else without reservation, and she dearly loved to fuck men, even though she was bi-sexual. With the one exception of swallowing cum, she was an enthusiastic lover.

I think Julie was beginning to anticipate, and reconsider, where our antics might be leading. For reasons I never fully learned, she suddenly begged off and went to bed upstairs; leaving Gary, Hannah and me to party without her. I think the prospect of a foursome scared her off somehow. Later, she deflected my questions about it, so I let the matter rest.

There had been one prior occasion where I detected in her an idiosyncratic sense of propriety. One hot evening, not too long before this episode, I stood at the kitchen sink drawing a glass of water. The lights were out in the kitchen so nobody outside could see within. A middle-aged couple had just bought the home next door, and their bedroom window was directly across the driveway from the kitchen window where I stood. The newcomers hadn't hung their curtains yet and their bedroom was empty, save for a bare set of mattresses on a bed frame and a tall standing lamp adjacent to the bed. The light was turned on, bathing the room through the filter of the lampshade with a soft golden glow. As I finished my drink of water, through the bottom of the glass I spied two human forms on the bed. I couldn't believe my eyes!

The woman was on her back, wearing a bra but naked from the waist down. Her knees were raised and draped over her husband's shoulders. He was on his knees, between her thighs, giving her the most luscious and loving licks I had ever seen. She was smiling from ear to ear. Although I couldn't hear what was being said, I could see that she was coaching him and praising his efforts. His head was bobbing up and down, while she ran her fingers through his hair and pulled his face towards her undoubtedly sopping wet slit. My cock grew instantly hard. I stroked it gently and watched as the woman straightened her legs to facilitate an impending orgasm. 

Just then Julie came into the kitchen.

"Julie, c'mere... You aren't gonna believe this. Hurry, before it's too late." She came into the kitchen and groped for the light switch. "NO!!!" I barked under my breath, "Don't turn on the light. They might see us.".

"What the hell are you doing!? Are you spying on someone?" she intoned.

"Damn straight. This couple is really going to town. It's great!!! Come have a look for yourself." Julie approached the window, incredulously. As she leaned over the sink to get a better view, I reached both arms around from behind and fondled her breasts (my way of augmenting the moment). To my surprise Julie quickly turned away.

"This isn't right. Let's leave them alone. I don't want to spy on them."

"Wait a minute. Maybe they think it's kinda racy to make love exposed to an open window. Ever think of that?"

"Maybe so, but I doubt they believe anyone is actually watching them. We shouldn't invade their privacy."

"Hold on. If they really wanted total privacy, wouldn't they throw a sheet up over the window? It opens right into this kitchen!"

I couldn't take my eyes off them. Now he was standing up between her legs and giving her a royal pounding with his stiff member. "Look ... You're missing something special. They're happy as two clams. Isn't it wonderful!? C'mon over here and let me give you a squeeze while we scope 'em out."

But she was not to be persuaded. She left the room with a grumble, and after a few more desultory comments we never spoke of the matter again.

The next morning, however, I chanced upon the woman next door while she was watering her front yard plants. We traded smiles. "It looks like we're going to have another hot one today" she said, absent mindedly commenting about the weather.

"Maybe so," I replied. "But it was really hot around here last night, wasn't it?"

She kept her thoughts to herself, only nodding towards me with a smirk. But I fancied that she caught my drift, and I half believed that she and her husband had intentionally planned their sexy little show the previous evening.

Anyway, aside from being truly inspired by the sublime scene I had witnessed, I also drew the conclusion from Julie's reaction that even horny women who love to fuck both genders can sometimes be encumbered with an overweening sense of propriety. 

"It looks like it's just us three" Hannah ventured, after it was clear that Julie was serious about going to bed. "What're we gonna do?" she ventured, coyly.

Gary had an idea. "It's been raining all day, and it's cold in this drafty house. Why don't we go to the hot tubs downtown and get warm?"

I smiled anxiously. Hanna indicated her willingness to continue the party and explore the possibilities by saying, "Three's company. Let's do it."

And so we did.

We piled into my big Chevrolet, all three of us crowding into the front seat, with Hannah in the middle. During the drive to the hot tubs we groped, fondled and talked naughty to each other. Gary put his hand on Hannah's right tit, and I copied him by reaching across my chest with my left hand to squeeze her left breast. She made no effort to resist being groped by two guys. Instead, she steadied the steering wheel with her left hand and tickled Gary's inner thighs with her right. "What do you two studs have in mind, may I ask?" she cooed. Gary answered with mock bravado, "Never you mind. Suffice to say that the hot tubs will be our treat. We'll front the cash, and you can pay us back in other ways." 

Hannah replied, tartly, but in good humor, "Who says I'm for rent? What do you take me for, Big Boy!? If I wanna get laid by two guys, I know just how to make it happen. And believe me, what I'm about to give you is worth more than all the money you got? Besides, I may have to pay YOU to fulfill MY wildest fantasies... Ever think of that?" It was clear that, for Hannah at least, all constraints had been left behind at the house. 

We entered the hot tub establishment, giggling like school kids, and presented our money to the clean faced, well scrubbed clerk behind the counter. He pointed us in the general direction of the room we were assigned and we quickly made our way there. Stepping inside, we stripped off our clothes hurriedly. Instead of entering the Jacuzzi, Gary and Hannah entered the dry sauna which was just heating up, and I followed. We sat there with towels around our loins, Hannah's breasts were fully exposed and soon a dripping rivulet of sweat ran down between them. Her nipples were already standing out and clearly hard. Hannah sat beside Gary on a wooden bench just below where I had gone to perch, stretched on the higher bench behind them. For several long minutes we drew deep breaths and relaxed. The room grew quiet, and I thought I could almost hear all of our hearts beating in anticipation of what was to come. 

As the ambient air temperature rose, Gary and Hannah used their hands to explore each other's bodies. I swung one leg over her head, so that she could lean back and let me massage her face and scalp. I stroked her hair and massaged her shoulders. I felt her body relax as Gary fondled her and I continued stroking and caressing her shoulders and head. I combed her hair with my fingertips as she leaned back into my lap, softly rubbing the back of her head against my groin. Soon enough we all started to heat up with the sauna. It was Gary who suggested cooling off under the shower nozzle just outside. "Wait just a minute" Hannah said. Without speaking further she pulled Gary's towel away from his waist, leaned over his lap, and started licking his cock and balls. From where I sat I had a bird's eye view. My own hard cock twitched at the sight of her, lapping at the head of his dick and taking it partially into her wet mouth. After a few minutes she turned around to face me, holding Gary's balls in one hand, and started nibbling on my own rod. 

"I'm so fuckin' horny. Let's go soap each other up and get more comfortable, guys." We followed her outside the sauna and we all stood together under the shower, Gary and I both lathering her with soap. She was reveling in all the exquisite attention we were giving to every part of her. We took our time, and lingered over every erogenous zone we could find on her body. "Mmmmm... You guys are SOOoo good to me. I just love this." We both smiled, and squeezed her closer to us. She enjoyed being spoiled, there was no doubt about it. 

Hannah held a cock in each hand, stroking us both gently at the same time while we continued to lather her all over. Then we sat her on a low wooden stool under the shower nozzle and shampooed her hair, while she murmured her appreciation and seemed almost to be in a daze. Cupping our balls in her hands, she nudged us together in front of her and bestowed grateful kisses on the tips of our cocks. She looked so sexy seated on that stool, the cool drizzle matting her hair against her face, her head tilted back looking up at us both, her tongue flicking from one cock to the other, smiling impishly while she squeezed our balls. 

For a brief moment she put the tips of our pricks into her mouth at the same time and we all three laughed at the comic effect produced, with her lips so far extended to encompass both of us. "That is definitely a 'first' for me" she spoke with a garble as she giggled, her mouth fully stuffed. We acknowledged that it had been a first for us as well.

She pulled out hard cocks out of her mouth and "crossed swords" with them for a moment, which caused us both to tense up, and then she mocked our homophobia, "Whassa matter, you guys? Afraid I'm gonna turn you queer?" We laughed nervously, but she relented by letting our cocks go, wrapping her arms around us and hugging us tightly.

I moved around to her backside while she remained seated, and we each washed one of her breasts, lingering to knead and massage those soft globes of flesh, rubbing our palms across her extended nipples. Both of us then washed her face, neck and shoulders, tracing the lines of her eyebrows, her nose, her cheek bones and her jaw line. She tilted her head back and started to sway as if in a trance. We each raised an arm and washed under her arms before using our soapy hands to massage her biceps and forearms. We held one of her hands in each of our own, working the lather between her fingers and then pulling on her fingertips until most of her knotted fingers released their tension by 'snapping' as we tugged. 

We stood her up and she turned to face me. I used my hands to wash the entire front of her body while Gary suds'ed up her back, her butt and the crack of her ass. While he was doing this Hannah dipped a finger into her slit and brought it to my lips, inviting me to suck on it. Its tangy taste made my nostrils flare, and she smiled in recognition of the obvious effect she was having on my senses.

We turned her around and now it was Gary's turn to taste the juices on Hannah's fingertips. Meanwhile, I rubbed the tip of my soapy, hard cock up and down between her ass cheeks. "I'm in Heaven" she muttered, and I couldn't help but notice how curvy, soft and sexy she looked from the rear while the water ran down her body.

We took our time rinsing her off, letting the nozzle rain lukewarm water down on her from every angle as we slowly turned her around and around. She thanked us profusely. "You guys are so great."

We grabbed the towels which had been provided and patted her dry, then hugged held her close between us for a long, long minute before retiring to the raised, platform bed situated between the dry sauna and the Jacuzzi. Climbing onto it, Hannah motioned Gary and I to lay side-by-side while she sat on her knees between us. She looked so sensuous as she fondled herself for us, sitting up to play with her pussy, then she cupped our balls in each of her hands. Then she brazenly stroked our cocks for us, leaning forward to let us lick and suck her breasts in turn. Gary and I lay with our heads not far apart, each of us with a nipple in our mouths, and let her feed us her breast.

Then she sat back up on her knees and started really jacking us both off for awhile. She tickled and fondled our balls and made lewd comments about our dicks:

"Mmmmm... I've never had two cocks so hard before, and these look magnificent." (She knew all the right things to say, the vamp!). She worked our cocks expertly, like pistons, alternating between us at times and then stroking us simultaneously.

The sight and sound of her pumping our rods made us swoon.

"If you keep doing that I, for one, and going to cum" Gary said. "Me too!" I agreed.

"Well then" she replied, "Let's see who's gonna cum first" jacking both of our cocks rapidly. "Lucky for you, I'm ambidextrous" she giggled while she fisted our pistons. My hips began to lift off the bed to meet her downstrokes, then she spoke again:

"Actually, I have a better idea. Let's try to make you both cum at once." She pumped us up and down together more slowly and deliberately. The feeling was making my head spin, and the sight of this wanton woman brazzenly jacking off two cocks at once was about to drive me crazy with lust. She knew what she was doing, and it turned out she had a surprising motive for doing it just the way she was:

"I'm gonna make you both cum now... and for two reasons," She licked her hands and spread her saliva along the lengths of our shafts, then, leaning back, she gave us both a clear view of her shining pink pussy, and probed inside with her own fingers. She drew her nectar out and moistened our cocks and balls with her own creamy cooz juice before placing our own hands around our own cocks. Then she continued with her sexy monologue while we lay there transfixed... drooling and stupefied with lust. 

"We're gonna have a circle jerk. First of all, it really turns me on watching you guys masturbate, knowing that I'm the inspiration for your self-abuse. To see you strumming your cocks, and watching them jerk and spasm when you orgasm, is something I've never witnessed. I wanna see you guys jerk off to me and shoot your cum at once. I dig the idea of two hard cocks blasting big loads of cum... and all because of ME!!!" 

With that final word she licked first one cock, and then the other, all the way up and down each shaft. She continued her lewd display of cocksucking, eyeballing me while she deep throated Gary, and fixing her stare on Gary as she slurped on my tool. "But I also want to make sure you're both up to the task. I've got plans for you both later, and I don't want either of you to cum too soon when we eventually fuck. I'm going to need both of your stiff pricks at the ready, 'cuz I want you guys to give me a real... good... FUCKING! For years that's been one of my favorite fantasies!" Hannah was making her words sound as lewd and wicked as possible, and she was prepping us so that she could take full advantage of the situation. "So tell me, what would really turn you on while I make you both cum for me. I wanna see both of these cocks deliver up two hot loads of creamy cum."
