 Author's Note: I have continued with this series because of the positive e-mails and comments received from the first two chapters. However I sense there is an effort to sabotage the story based on the low scores Chapter Two received. I tracked the scores and the first several voters had the story rated a 5. Then a series of votes drove that score below 4. I would ask the readers who do not like my style of writing not to read it rather than vote it down. I welcome feedback and constructive criticism from all readers but not sabotage tactics. Thank you!

INTRODUCTION

In Chapter One the reader met Dirk and Carla, a married couple who own the massage parlor and offer more than massages to their clients. The reader was also introduced to Rita a very pretty and stacked 25 year old married to a husband thirty years her senior. At Rita's last massage, Carla introduced Rita to the joys of lesbian sex. Then there was Margot the 39 year old divorcee who was massaged by Dirk and lost control of her emotions. Carla helped Margot clean up and then Margot, filled with shame and guilt, left the parlor vowing to never return. A promise that deep down Margot knew she wouldn't keep. Jennifer, the cute 19 year old receptionist, witnessed Carla and Rita together and she also got a look a Dirk's large erect cock. Jennifer was now on a mission to make her herself more attractive to her employers in hopes that they would seduce her.

In Chapter Two the reader met more of the massage parlor clients. Alec who dressed like a woman and preferred to be called Alice got much more than a massage from Dirk. Jill who was totally into women was pleasured by Carla and her new three pronged dildo. Rita returned for another massage and special treatment from Carla and a bi-sexual couple the Robinson's sampled Carla's and Dirk's charms. Jennifer was beside herself with desire and she tried successfully to get her employer's attention. She anxiously waited for Thursday afternoon and her promised massage by Dirk and Carla.

THURSDAY ARRIVES

Jennifer had been on pins and needles all day waiting for three o'clock. She wanted to go through with the massage by her employers but she was nervous. Would they seduce her? Would Dirk fuck her? Would Carla eat her pussy? Would she eat Carla's pussy? Would she suck Dirk's cock? Her thoughts and questions were endless and the closer it got to three o'clock the more anxiety set in. Finally it was time.

"Jenny dear, please lock up and meet us in room one," Carla told her.

Jenny quickly locked up and went to massage room one. Carla and Dirk were still dressed in their tight white massage uniforms. Jenny wasn't sure whether they would keep their uniforms on or strip as they had for other clients. It all seemed very formal at first and Jenny wondered if she was just going to get a massage.

"Take off your clothes Jenny and lay down on the massage table. Here is a towel to cover you," Carla instructed.

Carla and Dirk turned their backs to their employee. Jenny quickly disrobed and got on the table face down. She actually felt better with the towel covering her body. Satisfied that she was ready Dirk began to massage her back. Jenny's spine felt like jelly as his strong hands moved over her back. Dirk then move to Jenny's feet surprising her. He spread her legs slightly and slowly massaged his way up each calf, pressing and prodding at certain areas where he felt tenseness and deep massaging the larger muscles of her calves. Dirk then reached her knees and pushed them about a foot apart. He massaged the back of her knees in a similar manner until he reached her thighs. 

As he was working on the large muscles at the top of her thighs, Jenny felt his finger tips occasionally gently caress her outer labia. Jenny was so relaxed form the work Dirk did on her legs that her only reaction was a slight gasp each time Dirk touched her. Jenny lifted her head to see Carla's reaction to her husband's advances. Carla had a smile on her face and gave Jenny a wink. Dirk proceeded to slide his hands under the towel and massage Jenny's buttocks and then helped her to roll onto her back. 

Dirk continued the massage at her head and face and then moved to her shoulders. Then he moved to the side of the table and Jenny noticed that his cock was erect in his white shorts. Jenny thought it looked larger in his shorts than it did the day she saw him playing with it. Dirk continued with the massage and ignored her continuous glances at his crotch and his condition. Then Dirk let his hands move under the towel finding Jenny's small firm breasts. As he gently massaged her breasts, her nipples rose until they stood out like pencil erasers and pushed through the towel covering her body. Dirk took her nipples between his thumb and forefinger. He rolled and gently pulled on them as if this was the most natural thing in the world, drawing gasps of delight from Jenny. 

Jenny's tits were very sensitive and she moaned softly as Dirk continued to massage them and tweak her nipples. The boys that Jenny dated never paid enough attention to her tits and it drove her crazy that they didn't. But now she enjoyed Dirk's fondling and she felt her body getting hot from the titillation. Dirk didn't show any outward signs of noticing Jenny's reaction but his cock throbbed in his shorts. Jenny again glanced at Carla who still had a smile on her face. Jenny noticed that Carla's nipples had swollen and were visible through her tube top.

Carla then moved closer to the massage table and began to massage Jenny's thighs. Jenny loved the soft feel of Carla's hands as Dirk continued to stimulate her nipples. Jenny flinched when she felt Carla's hand brush against her vulva. It felt like a mild electric charge had run through her body. Carla continued to massage Jenny's front and inner thighs and each time her hand dipped between Jenny's thighs it brushed against Jenny's pussy. 

Then Carla allowed the towel to slip from Jenny's body and land on the floor. Carla kicked the towel under the massage table as she stared at her employee's youthful body. Dirk also stared at the pretty Jenny in her naked glory. Goose bumps covered Jenny's body not because she was cold but because she was excited and in a desirous state. Jenny's eyes followed Carla's toward Dirk who had peeled his shorts down just below his scrotum. Jenny stared at his erect cock and bloated balls. Now it looked much bigger than she had remembered. 

As Dirk massaged Jenny's breasts, Carla massaged Jenny's stomach just above her small tuft of pubic hair. Then Dirk left her breasts and moved back to Jenny's feet and legs. Carla continued massaging Jenny's stomach allowing one finger to innocently pass over Jenny's swollen outer labia. Jenny watched as Dirk's rigid cock bobbed in front of him as he walked to the end of the table. It was obvious that Dirk was proud of his manhood.

Dirk gave Jenny the most incredibly sensuous foot and toe massage ever. He worked her individual toes, the sensitive soles of her feet and her heels and ankles. Between Carla and Dirk they had Jenny squirming on the table as Jenny felt the sexual tension build within her. Jenny just lay there with her eyes closed as she was putty in the skilled hands of her employers. Dirk then turned his attention to Jenny's legs and with a mixture of strong probing at her larger muscles and gentle stroking of the sensitive areas of her skin he gave her a truly memorable massage. By the time Dirk reached the top of Jenny's thighs, she was so turned on that she could feel my juices wetting her pussy. 

Dirk quietly asked, "Do want us to take it further from here?"

Jenny opened her eyes and noticed that Carla had stripped and was watching intently. "It is your call Jenny," Carla added.

Jenny looked back at Dirk who was also totally naked now. Jenny was totally captivated with Carla's naked beauty and Dirk's fully erect cock. Jenny was so incredibly turned on and in need of an orgasm she nodded her head and said in a raspy voice, "Yes, please." 

Dirk gently pulled Jenny down the massage table toward him. He then raised and flexed her knees pushing her feet close to her bottom. Jenny knew that he had a perfect view of her dripping wet pussy. Dirk parted her thighs a little more which exposed Jenny's sweet pussy even more. Slowly Dirk ran his hands along the sensitive inner skin of Jenny's legs to the top of her thighs and then with the thumb and one finger of each hand he began to massage her outer labia. The sensation was fantastic and Jenny began to pant as she felt her orgasm rapidly approaching. Jenny was surprised and gasped aloud when Carla placed a kiss on Jenny's breast and then took the nipple into her mouth.

Dirk had separated Jenny's outer lips. One hand had found her clit and he was gently rubbing and tweaking it. After a couple of minutes of that Jenny finally exploded into a climax and came with a huge moan. Her body lifted off of the table with a thrashing of my buttocks and then crashed back down. Dirk rubbed Jenny's clit gently until her orgasm subsided. Then he resumed tweaking her clit and began to push a finger of his other hand into her love canal. As Dirk slowly fingered Jenny she came again although not so violently this time. Dirk then moved his head down and replaced his hand manipulating Jenny's clit with his mouth. He inserted first one and then two more fingers into Jenny's tight young cunt. Jenny had another full orgasm and Dirk had trouble keeping his mouth on Jenny's pussy as she bucked violently. Carla was also having trouble keeping her mouth on Jenny's breast and a hold on her nipple.

As Carla was now standing beside her, Jenny reached for Carla's pussy and gently inserted a finger in her employer's cunt. It was the first time that Jenny had ever touched a pussy other than her own. Carla moved closer to the table and Jenny twisted her head toward Carla and was able to place a kiss on Carla's pussy and breathe in her womanly scent. Carla responded with a soft moan. Jenny had surprised herself by kissing Carla's pussy but she knew it was only the start of things to come. Carla climbed onto the table and settled her pussy onto Jenny's face. 

Jenny quickly found Carla's clitoris and clamped her mouth to it. As Jenny sucked on Carla she placed first one, then two, fingers into Carla's pussy and moved them in and out in time with the sucking of her clit. Jenny followed Dirk's lead. Whatever Dirk did to Jenny, she did to Carla. Dirk then stopped sucking Jenny's clit and he was just flicking his tongue across it as Jenny administered to his wife. Dirk then stood up and separated Jenny's inner lips with his fingers. He positioned his rigid pole at the entrance to her pussy and pushed forward. With a single motion he penetrated the outer and inner lips and he did not stop pushing until he was all the way in Jenny's pussy. Jenny could feel his bloated balls against the back of her thighs. Dirk then momentarily stopped and held still deep inside her. Dirks' wonderful cock was finally inside her and Jenny was overcome with desire. She could now feel that it was indeed longer and bigger around than any cock she had previously experienced. 

Dirk withdrew his cock slowly until just the tip was inside Jenny and then he thrust forward and impaled her again. Holding himself deep within her, Dirk took hold of Jenny's ankles and lifted her legs until her heels were hooked over his shoulders. This position gave Dirk even deeper access to Jenny's overexcited cunt and she locked her ankles around his neck as another orgasm rocked her young body. Jenny thrashed about the massage table and almost dislodged Carla from above her.

Once Jenny had stopped thrashing around Dirk began a slow rhythm which Jenny easily matched. Once Jenny was under control of her body she resumed giving Carla a thorough going over with her tongue and mouth. The sight of Jenny being impaled by Dirk as Jenny continued to finger Carla's pussy and suck on her clit brought Carla to another climax and her juices gushed onto Jenny's face. Dirk had to stop fucking Jenny while his wife came. Carla came with such gusto that she collapsed on top of Jenny and she had to grab a hold of Jenny's legs to keep from falling. Once composed Carla got off the table and watched as her husband resumed fucking the teenager.

Dirk lined up his still rigid cock with Jenny's now gaping love canal and with a deep driving thrust, he resumed fucking her. With his wife to the side, Dirk now had easy access to Jenny's breasts and he kneaded them vigorously while squeezing and pulling on Jenny's sensitive nipples. Jenny urged Dirk to fuck her deep and to pull on her nipples. Dirk picked up the pace and on each stroke he drove his cock along Jenny's love passage to its full depth. Jenny could feel the knob of Dirk's impressive cock knocking on the back of her cervix and his girth sliding over the walls of her sensitive cunt. 

Jenny felt another orgasm building and she knew this would be the one to top all others. She covered her mouth with her hand and her body jerked uncontrollably as a mind blowing climax rocked her young body. Jenny's orgasm seemed to inspire Dirk and he increased the speed and intensity of his penetration. His movements became more frantic until after a few more strokes he drove himself fully into Jenny's heaving cunt and with a grunt he drove deep inside her and he ejaculated.

Jenny felt Dirk's hot cum gushing deep into her womb as his cock exploded. He then continued to pump his cum into her as he spasmed over again and over again. He seemed to drive further and further into her with each jerk of his massive cock. After what seemed like an eternity, Dirk slowed down and with his last couple thrusts he finished pouring his warm liquid into Jenny's overflowing cunt. Dirk unhooked Jenny's legs from around his shoulders and gently lowered them on the massage table. He then eased his cock out of Jenny's pussy and stepped back. Carla immediately went to Jenny and lowered her mouth on Jenny's quim. Carla sucked her husband's cum from Jenny's pussy and Jenny knew at that moment that they were not finished with her. In fact they were just getting started.

The rest of the afternoon Jenny was eaten and fucked several more times. She also got to suck Dirk's cock and eat Carla's pussy again. At one time when Jenny was sucking Dirk's cock, Carla licked Jenny's asshole and Jenny almost leaped off the table. Carla ran her tongue up and down the crack of Jenny's ass alternating between licking her pussy and her asshole. Jenny was so preoccupied with the rimming of her ass that she was caught by surprise when Dirk came in her mouth. It was the first time that any male had cum in her mouth but she didn't find it as unpleasant as she thought she might.

Dirk also fucked Jenny from behind as Jenny ate his wife's pussy. As he fucked her doggy style, Dirk played with Jenny's firm shapely pert ass. He caressed her lovely buttocks and tickled her nether hole. Jenny secretly hoped that Dirk would not try to stick his big cock in her ass. Jenny's wish came true but she did not know that Carla and Dirk had agreed earlier not to try and penetrate Jenny's anus. Jenny was young and tight and she would need to have her ass broken in before she could ever accommodate Dirk's large cock. Carla was an expert at breaking in other girl's asses and it was something she looked forward to doing to Jenny.

The three of them stopped shortly after 6:00PM. They had been at it for over three hours and they were all drained. Carla showed Jenny were she could clean up and get dressed. Jenny left her employers and she was sexually sated when she did. Carla and Dirk remained naked as they locked up after Jenny left and then they went into the Jacuzzi. Carla and Dirk were pleased with their latest conquest but not any more pleased than Jenny. As Jenny drove home she thought about the afternoon and she was sure that sex could not get any better than that and she looked forward to her next encounter with her employers.

FRIDAY EVENING WITH BETH JONES

Dirk and Carla woke up Friday morning and Dirk had his customary morning erection. Carla rolled over and mounted Dirk's cock and rode it to several orgasms before she got off him and flopped back in bed. Once again Dirk was comfortable not cumming since he knew they had an evening planned with Beth. He loved Beth's ass and he looked forward to fucking the daylights out of it. Carla and Dirk showered, dressed and had breakfast before Jenny arrived.

Carla and Dirk had a full schedule that Friday and Jenny was glad as it didn't allow too much time for conversation. Jenny had thought that she would be fine with her sexual encounter but she found herself a little embarrassed and it was difficult for her to relax at work. Carla assured Jenny that anything they did was completely confidential and that Jenny did not have to do anything that she didn't want to. Jenny appreciated Carla's concern but she would use the weekend to think things over before she had another encounter with her employers.

Rita called and cancelled her afternoon appointment. She told Jenny that her husband had planned a weekend getaway so she couldn't make the Friday appointment. Rita asked if Carla had an opening on Monday behind the normal scheduled time. Jenny told Rita that Carla was open from 4:00PM on after Rita's 3:00PM appointment. Rita asked Jenny to hold that time for her. Jenny told Carla that Rita had called and Carla smiled to herself already looking ahead to the three hours with Rita. Carla decided it would be a good time to introduce Dirk into their erotic coupling.

After a very full day of normal massage clients, Carla and Dirk relaxed with a bottle of wine. Jenny left promptly at 6:00PM and Dirk and Carla waited the arrival of their evening client. Beth Jones arrived at 7:00PM and she was as horny as one could be. Beth had been looking forward to being with Carla and Dirk for the past two weeks. In fact on the drive over to the parlor, Beth's nether hole tingled from the anticipation of receiving Dirk's large cock.

Carla let Beth in and they hugged briefly before Carla led Beth to the massage room. The three of them stripped as Beth liked everyone to be naked. Beth hopped up on the massage table and lay face down. Carla and Dirk put an ample amount of body oil on Beth as she loved to be covered in oil. Carla and Dirk then went to work on Beth and massaged every inch of her shapely middle aged body. Beth cooed when they massaged her buttocks and took turns dipping fingers in her bung hole. Beth loved to have her ass fingered and played with.

Then it was time to roll over and Beth sighed deeply as two pair of hands massaged her medium sized breasts. The hands worked their way lower and there was a set of hands on each leg. Carla and Dirk worked their way up Beth's legs massaging her inner thighs and purposely brushing against her vulva. Beth groaned aloud at the first touch of her pubes. Then Dirk and Carla fingered Beth's pussy and asshole together until she stopped them. Beth didn't want to cum to soon so she pushed the hands away from her.

Beth then wanted to massage Carla and Dirk so the two of them got on separate massage tables in the same room. Beth loved running her hands all over Carla's firm body and Dirk's chiseled physique. At first Carla and Dirk lay face down as Beth quickly massaged their arms and legs so that she could get to their buttocks. Beth loved rubbing and caressing the firm muscular asses of Carla and Dirk. Then Beth had them turn over and she first went to work on Carla massaging her tits, legs and working her way up to Carla's vulva. Beth then fingered Carla's pussy briefly before leaning over and running her tongue over Carla's labia.

Beth then turned her attention to Dirk and massaged his chest and legs working her way up to his big cock. Dirk's cock was standing straight up from his body and Beth wrapped her oily hand around it. Beth loved to play with Dirk's cock and she stroked it lovingly. She would dip her head and run her tongue over his pee slit and then engulf the cock in her mouth. The foreplay had all three of them turned on and then Beth made a request.
