 I had been using the grounds of the local rugby club for my daily run all during the off season and now that the guys were back training for the rugby again I hoped that they wouldn't mind me continuing to run there.... They didn't seem to... in fact I got the distinct feeling that they enjoyed watching my tits bounce as I ran almost as much as I enjoyed watching their fit muscular bodies as they trained.

This night I was feeling a bit horny and wondered whether or not it would be wise to go running at the club when the guys were training or not, but then what the heck... maybe I might get lucky!

I headed out to the club about half an hour after the guys start training wearing a much skimpier shorts and top than usual. I climbed out of my car and went to the edge of the pitch to use the side rail as a prop for my stretching exercises. Warm up exercised finished I proceeded with my run... my mind all the time on the bodies on the pitch, I was trying to imagine what they would look like out there with no clothes on... would their cocks be in proportion with the rest of their muscles... mmmh I really was working up a heat tonight, but tonight it was in my pussy rather than the usual places.

Having completed my run I was feeling really horny and hot so decided to sneak into the locker rooms for a quick shower while the guys were still training... I allowed that I would be well finished before they came in.

As I was standing under the shower, eyes closed and fantasising about having some of those big strong hand running all over my body, I was stroking myself all over when suddenly I thought I felt another pair of hands on my tits... I didn't want to open my eyes incase I was just imagining it, but then I felt another pair of hands on my ass and then I felt something spread my legs slightly before I felt a finger probe my clit.... Oh god if this was a dream I didn't want to wake up. More and more hands seemed to join those already roaming my body, but it was only when I felt a warm mouth entrap my right nipple and begin to suck did I dare to open my eyes. What a sight meet my eyes, my greatest fantasy was there... right in front of my eyes... a naked rugby team... strong, muscular and all sporting beautifully proportioned cocks that were growing harder by the minute.

What was a girl to do? Well there was only one thing to do, so I reached out my hands and took two hard cocks into my hands and slowly began stroking them. Suddenly I heard a desperate cry from one of the lads... "Hey you lot, bring her out here where we can all share her!" I thought I had died and gone to heaven. With two mouths suckling on my tits and a finger now buried deep inside my pussy I was lifted by the other guys and carried out of the shower and laid on a bench. Without any further ado a cock was pushed into my face... I opened my mouth and began sucking, my two hands were full of hard cock and by now I could feel something big and hard against my pussy. I took the cock from my mouth just long enough to shout..."Yes guys, do it... every one of you fuck my hungry pussy... do it!" They didn't need any more encouragement than that, I felt a cock being pushed deep inside my pussy... oh god it felt good. The guys began moving round all wanting to get their cock into my mouth, hand or anywhere that I could be touching them. The next hour passed wonderfully.... I had cocks in my mouth, hands and pussy all at once. Then one guy stepped forward between my legs and turned me over, I thought he was going to fuck me doggy style, but instead of putting his hard cock into my pussy, I could feel his hands rubbing my ass cheeks and a finger slowly probing my ass... oh yes, I thought fuck my ass baby. As if reading my thoughts I felt his cock press against my ass... slowly at first he pushed the head just inside me, but when he saw that I was making no objection he pushed harder and deeper until I could feel his balls against my pussy. 

While he was ramming my ass I was sucking another guy and there were two guys sucking roughly on my tits when suddenly I felt a hand on my clit... at first it just rubbed my clit but then I felt a finger go into my dripping pussy... followed by another and another until I could feel 4 fingers in my pussy and a thumb rubbing my clit... well that was it... even though I had had about half a dozen orgasms already I couldn't hold back any longer I started to cum like I had never cum before... this seemed to be too much for all the guys because I could feel the cock in my ass swell and shoot hot cum deep into my ass, at the same time I was having my mouth filled with another load of cum and I could fell the cocks in my hand swell and cum also. When we had all finished cumming and were beginning to relax again one guys stepped forward... looked me straight in the eye and gently stroked his cock saying "slut, you haven't seen one this big before... have you?" I thought I was seeing things... the other guys stepped back and started cheering me on "go slut go... go slut go.... See if your mouth is big enough to take that one!" The cock in my face was easily 12" long and was surely 4 or 5 inches round.... And as black as coal.... I had my doubts as to whether I would be able to accommodate this one or not, but I wasn't going to give up without having a go at it anyway.

I opened my mouth, stuck out my tongue and licked the head of this massive cock.... It tasted great so I opened my mouth as wide as I could and took the tip into it.... I thought my mouth would tare as I tried to get my lips round this tool. I just had to do it, I couldn't let myself down with 14 guys standing there naked cheering me on... I had to get this cock as deep as possible into my throat. Then I head the black guy say... "I bet she'd open her mouth wider if you guys encouraged her... come one guys... eat those big hard nipples of hers... shove a cock into her ass... that should make her mouth open some more!" I looked up at the big black guy, my eyes smiling at him and winked... telling him that he was right. Then I couldn't think anymore... two sets of teeth bit on my nipples.... A cock rammed mercilessly into my ass and a fist was shoved into my pussy.... My mouth seemed to open wider that ever and the black guy's hands were on the back of my head pushing my mouth onto his cock. All round me men were wanking... I was coming like I never thought possible and I had the biggest cock I had ever seen was deep in my throat. This went on for what seemed like an age until I heard a groan and felt the cock in my ass unload his hot creamy cum... with that I could feel several loads been shoot all over my ass and back.... The black guy pulled my head off his cock and immediately at least 3 cocks began shooting their load into my open mouth...

I had never been so turned on and so satisfied before in my life, but I still wanted that massive hard cock in my pussy. I stood up for a moment and told the black guy to lie on the bench; I straddled his hips and began to lower my hungry wet pussy onto his cock. Even though my pussy was well greased from all the cum that had been unloaded there I still had difficulty getting this massive cock into me.... I lower slowly until I had the cock fully inside me... I had never felt so full before... this cock was so big I could almost feel it in the back of my throat as I sat on it. I sat there unmoving for a few moments just getting used to the size of this cock then started riding it slowly. I rode this massive cock for what seemed like ages, cuming several times until I felt it grow inside me and I knew my hard work was about to be rewarded with another load of hot creamy cum. I was so full of cum... and so happy... and tired. When the black guy and I had both relaxed I stood up and walked to the showers... showered and went home happy and content.

I still use the local rugby club for my runs but this session hasn't been repeated.