 INTRODUCTION

In Chapter One the reader met Dirk and Carla, a married couple who own the massage parlor and offer more than massages to their clients. The reader was also introduced to Rita a very pretty and stacked 25 year old married to a husband thirty years her senior. At Rita's last massage, Carla introduced Rita to the joys of lesbian sex. Then there was Margot the 39 year old divorcee who was massaged by Dirk and lost control of her emotions. Carla helped Margot clean up and then Margot, filled with shame and guilt, left the parlor vowing to never return. A promise that deep down Margot knew she wouldn't keep. Jennifer, the cute 19 year old receptionist, witnessed Carla and Rita together and she also got a look a Dirk's large erect cock. Jennifer was now on a mission to make her herself more attractive to her employers in hopes that they would seduce her.

In Chapter Two the reader met more of the massage parlor clients. Alec who dressed like a woman and preferred to be called Alice got much more than a massage from Dirk. Jill who was totally into women was pleasured by Carla and her new three pronged dildo. Rita returned for another massage and special treatment from Carla and a bi-sexual couple the Robinson's sampled Carla's and Dirk's charms. Jennifer was beside herself with desire and she tried successfully to get her employer's attention. She anxiously waited for Thursday afternoon and her promised massage by Dirk and Carla.

In Chapter Three Jenny got her erotic massage and although she was slightly embarrassed she looked forward to more action with her employers. Then the reader met the incredibly horny Beth as she engaged in a torrid threesome with Dirk and Carla. Mike and Jan then came in for an erotic massage. Jan was a new swinger and she was nervous about the massage but once Dirk and Carla got their hands on her, Jan became a wild woman.

JENNY JOINS DIRK AS A VOYEUR

That Monday things were a little slower than normal at the massage parlor. The parlor didn't open until noon on Mondays and Dirk only had one appointment at 2:00PM. Rita came in for her appointment at 3:00PM with Carla but this time she had booked two hours. Carla told Jenny not to take any appointments after 5:00PM. Jenny knew that it would be one hot session with Carla and Rita. She wished she could sneak into the office and watch them on the monitor but she didn't want Dirk to catch her spying on Carla and Rita.

Promptly at 3:00PM Rita arrived for her massage. Since she had booked the two hours she really wanted Carla to massage her first before they made love. Carla had some juicy things planned for Rita that day which is why she wanted to keep the rest of the day open. Dirk finished up with his two o'clock client and after cleaning up he went to the office. He flipped on the monitor to check on Carla and Rita. They had been into the massage for 30 minutes by the time Dirk arrived at the monitor. 

Carla was finishing up Rita's back and legs and then she moved to Rita's ass. Carla loved massaging Rita's ass and playing with her anus. Rita had a beautiful ass and it stuck up so nicely when she was face down on the table. Rita had become accustomed to having her buttocks massaged by Carla and it was an extreme turn on for her. Carla and Rita weren't the only ones turned on by the action Dirk had fished his cock out of his white shorts and was stroking it as he watched his wife's hands glide over Rita's curvy ass. Dirk fantasized about sticking his big dick in Rita's sweet tight bung hole.

Then it was time for Rita to turn over so that Carla could work on the front of Rita's body. Rita was incredibly turned on and her nipples stood out from her tits. Carla smiled at Rita and began the frontal massage. By the time Carla had finished massaging Rita's legs, abs, tits and pubes, Rita was as close to an orgasm as ever. Carla then began to plant tender light kisses on Rita's breasts and she soon had Rita squirming with desire. Carla took each nipple in her mouth one at a time and gently nibbled it between her teeth. Electric shocks ran through Rita's body such as she had never experienced. Carla took her time and spent a long time on Rita's tits and nipples before making her descent.

Carla then pushed Rita's legs apart and kissed her inner thighs. Carla made her way up Rita's inner thighs toward her dripping wet pussy. Rita knew that Carla was going to eat her again and she clenched her hands in fists in anticipation. Carla lay down with Rita on the table and their bodies came together. Rita's breathing became shallow and her moans became loudly audible. As Carla's tongue circled Rita's right nipple she became increasingly aware that it was not going to take much to make her cum. Rita felt Carla's fingers stroke her wet mound locating her puffy pussy and then found their way inside her. Rita moved her legs further apart trying to help and soon Carla was fingering Rita with soft, slow, tender probes.

Rita couldn't take it any longer, she gently pushed Carla's head down and Carla nestled between Rita's legs. Carla used her hands to slowly open Rita's legs and placed Rita's thighs on her shoulders. With one finger Carla traced the soft outer lips of Rita's swollen pussy lips and applied gentle pressure spreading them open even further. Rita felt the familiar butterflies in her stomach as she gazed upon the sight of her moist cunt lips inviting Carla's invasion. Carla put more fingers inside Rita and caressed her inner walls while the thumb positioned itself on the tip of Rita's swelling clit and lightly tickled it back and forth.

Carla moved herself slowly up Rita's body as she continued to finger fuck her pussy she kissed and licked her way to her tits. Carla took turns holding each nipple between her soft lips sucking and flicking at Rita's hard nipples. Rita in turn reached for Carla's breasts and felt her hard nipples across her palms as she stroked them. Rita pinched and rolled Carla's nipples between her fingers while Carla tongued Rita's breasts. Carla whispered to Rita that she had to have her and then kissed her passionately. They moaned into each other's mouth as Carla's fingers and thumb tickled Rita's swollen clit. Rita could feel the wetness of Carla's pussy saturating her thigh.

Carla broke off their kiss and smiled at her before descending toward Rita's aching pussy. As Carla reached Rita's wet mound she separated the lips fully opening her pink moistness and then Carla herself groaned with anticipated pleasure. The tip of her tongue touched Rita's center and her sweet liquid gushed into Carla's mouth. Carla was prepared for the quick release and she licked at the silky lips, losing herself in the feeling of Rita's beautiful hot body. She flattened her tongue and stroked Rita's center up and down firmly enough that Rita could feel it on her clit. Carla drove Rita mad as her swollen clit twitched and ached for more attention. Rita arched her back and pulled Carla's head to her mound trying to shove her engorged clit into Carla's mouth. Carla wrapped her lips around Rita's swollen button and sucked it. Rita gasped as Carla's lips sucked her clit in further and further causing a strong tremor to run through her whole body.

Rita's hips lifted off of the table as Carla sucked on her clit flicking it back and forth as her fingers probed deep inside Rita. Carla worked her fingers in and out slowly at first and then with more intensity as her tongue firmly, methodically pressed again and again against Rita's erect clit, which was now totally exposed from its hood. At this point Rita's groans became very loud, her body was rocked with her second orgasm and she ground her pussy into Carla's face which was totally covered with Rita's sweet love juices. 

Carla located Rita's G-spot as she continued to lap at the hard clit. Rita's body convulsed with one orgasm after another. Slowly Rita relaxed after the last of one of the most intense climaxes she ever had. She lay back on the table as Carla moved up to her lips and covered them with her mouth, kissing Rita tenderly, deeply and letting her tongue slip past Rita's lips so she could taste herself. Rita kissed Carla eagerly in return, loving the sweet taste of her own pussy. They lay on the table cradled in one other's arms without saying a word savoring the feel of a woman's body in each other's arms.

"You know Rita it is going to be very difficult for me to keep from fucking your ass." Carla said and then, "But I am sure that you know why. It is so perfectly shaped it is difficult for me to keep from touching you and grabbing your delicious ass."

"You are going to get me hot again with talk like that," Rita crooned.

"I think what you need now is my nice hard cock in your hot beautiful ass," Carla teased.

"I never have had anything in my ass other than your finger," Rita said as goosed bumps appeared on her body. 

"Well we will have to take it slow and gradually introduce bigger things into your ass," Carla said and then, "Trust me I will guide you and make sure that you are not hurt. I know just the thing to get started."

Carla noticed that Rita trembled a little and that goose bumps appeared on her body. Carla took that as a sign of encouragement so she had Rita bend kneel up on the massage table. Carla then moved behind Rita and began to tongue her nether hole. Carla got Rita's asshole wet with her tongue and then inserted a lubricated finger into the opening of her ass. Carla pressed her finger in Rita's sphincter and let it slide in up to the knuckle causing Rita to flinch and groan. Carla removed her finger and then she spat into Rita's ass allowing her saliva to moisten her further. Then Carla dipped her tongue back into Rita's bung hole and Rita almost came again with the eroticism of the moment. Carla alternated between eating Rita's ass and finger fucking it. Carla's fingers now slid easily in and out of Rita's hot asshole.

Dirk was really turned on by now particularly with Carla working over Rita's ass. His hand was sliding up and down his cock but every time he got close to cumming he slowed the pace prolonging his ejaculation. Dirk then saw a movement in the office doorway. It was Jenny.

"Oh sorry Dirk I was just checking to make sure that everything was okay," Jenny lied as he was hoping that she could spy on Carla and Rita. 

Dirk decided to take advantage of the situation, "Its okay Jenny I was just watching my wife and Rita. Why don't you join me?"

"Oh, I don't know," Jenny said as she looked as his big erect cock in his hand, "The front door is still open."

"We don't have any more clients today. Why don't you go and lock the front door and then come back here and join me?" Dirk directed more than requested.

Jenny was a little flustered but she did as she was told. Jenny walked back into the office and looked at he monitor and then at Dirk's big dick.

Don't be so shy, Jenny," Dirk whispered. "It's not like they are doing anything that you, Carla and I haven't already done."

In the dim office light Dirk lowered his lips to Jenny's as he pulled her to him. It was as if Jenny was in a dream. She saw her lips open and her tongue finding Dirk's lips, then his tongue. Dirk's arms were holding Jenny gently but firmly as his kisses became more urgent. He pushed Jenny's hand down to his cock so she could feel how hard he was. Jenny was melting she was so wet. Jenny grasped his huge, pulsating cock and her heart was pounding. She was in his grasp and in his control. Jenny so desperately wanted to cum. She needed to be fucked so badly and she was so aroused she would follow her employer's every command. 

Dirk's kisses soon moved to her neck as Jenny groaned in submission. Dirk told her to take her panties off and hand them to him. As if in a trance she pulled up her mini skirt and took off her panties and handed them to him. Jenny was embarrassed when she realized how wet her panties were and how swollen and moist her pussy was. Dirk held the panties to his nose and inhaled Jenny's youthful excitement. He was pleased with the teenage aroma from the moist panties. 

"Now kneel down by me, Jenny," he whispered.

Jenny knelt before him with her skirt pulled up around her waist. Her nipples were alive with desire and they poked through her tube top. Her pussy was tingling as he brought his hard cock to her lips. Again Jenny saw this erotic picture of her and Dirk as if they were the ones on the monitor. She opened her mouth to run her tongue across the head of Dirk's hard cock, a cock she had sucked for the first time last week. Soon Dirk's cock was deep in her mouth as he whispered her name. 

"That's it Jenny, suck me, that's it suck my cock, kiss my balls." 

Jenny could tell from Dirk's hip movements and his raspy voice that he was close to cumming. With Jenny still sucking his cock, Dirk eased back to the chair. Jenny was now kneeling on the floor between his legs. No longer did Jenny see the monitor or did she even think about Carla and Rita.

Jenny continued to lick and suck Dirk's cock and balls before running her tongue under his scrotum across his perineum. He moaned loudly as her hand circled and squeezed the head of his slick cock. Suddenly Jenny felt his hand on the back of her head, grasping her hair forcing her down on his cock. She obediently took his cock back in her mouth while his cock erupted with hot jets of cum flooding her oral cavity.

Jenny groaned while licking him clean, tasting his cum, trying to see up into his eyes. She still had his cum on her lips as he lifted her up onto his lap as if she weighed nothing. To Jenny's surprise Dirk kissed her deeply. Dirk pulled her tube top down and exposed her firm pert tits and rock hard nipples. Jenny was totally exposed now and so aroused, so in need of him. Jenny came as Dirk parted her legs penetrating her wet vagina with his thick finger. Her cunt contracted around his finger in a spasmodic frenzy, griping the digit as wave after wave of obscene pleasure coursed through her body. Jenny screamed out loud as her orgasm gushed forth from her.

Dirk was hard again and his cock poked up between her thighs. "Here Jenny sit on my cock as we watch my wife and Rita," he urged.

Jenny allowed her body to be lifted up and placed on Dirk's cock. She slowly lowered her pussy onto his thick shaft and sank down on his lap. Dirk pulled Jenny so that she leaned back into him and he fondled her sensitive tits as she was impaled on his cock. They turned their attention to the monitor and watched the scene in the massage room.

Rita was on the massage table on all fours with her beautiful ass pointed in the air. Carla had obtained a jar of lube and a string of beads. Carla applied the lubricant to Rita's asshole and Rita felt the soothing cool lube coat her rectum. The Carla began to insert the anal beads into Rita's ass one at a time. Rita unable to talk allowed Carla to have her way with her. One by one Carla pushed the beads into Rita's ass until all six of them were buried in her rectum. 

"Are you okay, any pain? Carla asked.

Rita nodded that she was okay and that there was no pain. Rita only felt the fullness in her ass from the anal beads as they were clearly thicker than Carla's finger and they were deeper than anything else had ever been. Carla massaged Rita's beautiful ass cheeks and reached between Rita's legs to diddle her clit. Rita felt herself getting hot again and she felt the onslaught of another orgasm.

Carla sensed it too and she rolled Rita over on her back. Carla then got between Rita's legs and placed her mouth on Rita's pussy. Carla placed Rita's thighs on her shoulders giving her complete access to Rita's cunt. Carla knew about female orgasms and she went to work on Rita's clit and G-spot. Carla ate Rita with a passion as she rubbed the G-spot trying for a simultaneous clitoral and vaginal orgasm. Carla felt Rita start to tense as her orgasm built within her. Rita groaned as she tightened her thighs around Carla's neck as the first wave rocked her body. As Rita began to cum, Carla pulled gently on the anal beads so that they popped out of Rita's ass one at a time.

Rita had never felt anything like it and she seemed to cum as each bead cleared her asshole. Her body went into spasm and jerked like never before. She was overcome with the lust of the moment as it seemed she would cum forever. Carla kept her mouth glued to Rita's pussy throughout her orgasms and sucked every drop of Rita's nectar into her mouth. Rita finally collapsed on the table her body spent and incapable of any more movement. The sensation in Rita's ass felt as if the anal beads were still in her but she knew Carla had pulled them out of her.

"I have never cum like that in my life," Rita said, finally able to talk.

"That's just a start and just think we have so many more appointments. There are so many things I will teach you and I will get your ass ready for the next step," Carla replied.

Rita shivered in response to Carla's promise. She didn't know what Carla had in store for her next but Rita was already looking forward to the next session. Carla got dressed and tidied up the massage room as Rita cleaned up and got dressed as well. Meanwhile in the office things had heated up again with Dirk and Jenny.

Dirk had moved Jenny to the desk top and spread her legs wide for his penetration. They had both become very excited watching Carla work on Rita's ass. Dirk stood between Jenny's legs and pushed his cock back into her pussy. Dirk began to fuck her rapidly in search of his own release. Like an animal Dirk's hip movements continued to rapidly move his rigid cock in and out of Jenny's wetness causing her to cry out again. Jenny's legs spread further for Dirk and his insistent cock in his vigorous efforts to cum again. 

As Dirk continued fucking her, Jenny felt lips press to her parted mouth, but these were the lips of a woman! Suddenly Jenny realized that Carla had entered the office and had been watching them fucking. Now Carla's soft warm hand was on Jenny's breast caressing and pulling on her hardened nipples as the wet soft kisses sucked at Jenny's tongue and lips. Jenny orgasmed again even more intensely with her mouth on Carla's and their tongues intertwined. Dirk thrust deeply into Jenny. His hard cock was pulsating in a long deep climax as it filled her wet vagina with his sperm.

Jenny was rocked with another mind blowing orgasm and he body lifted off the desk as she came. Carla kept her mouth fastened to Jenny's as she tweaked Jenny's sensitive nipples. Dirk's removed his semi hard cock from Jenny and Carla dropped to her knees to take his husband's dripping cock into her mouth. Jenny recovered on the desk as Carla sucked her husband's cock clean of the comingled juices. Carla and Dirk looked at Jenny sprawled over the desk and smiled at her. Jenny looked so sexy and so vulnerable with her tube top and skirt bunched around her waist.

Carla and Dirk took Jenny to the Jacuzzi room where they showered and got dressed. Jenny had now accepted her seduction by her employers. She hugged and kissed them and told them she would see them tomorrow. Jenny left the parlor feeling incredibly sexy and sated. The first time she was a little embarrassed by what happened but now she felt good and she looked forward to more sex with her employers. Carla and Dirk were pleased with Jenny's acceptance of her new role as they knew that now they could have her anytime they wanted her. 

WEDNESDAY'S CHANGE OF PLANS

As it turned out Dirk had to wait for his shot at Rita. Wednesday turned out to be a very busy day for both Carla and Dirk. Carla told her husband that she would continue with Rita's anal training that afternoon. Margot had called and scheduled an afternoon appointment with Dirk. As it turned out Dirk would be with Margot and Carla would be with Rita at the same time. Jenny was thrilled that both her employers would be with sexy clients at the same time. She was already looking forward to watching them on the monitor.
