 Word soon spread about the new teenage slut working at the steam bath. I was getting very busy every night seldom going home with les than a few hundred dollars in my jeans.

I was paying my old man $100 a week for room and board and had bought a whole new wardrobe of all the coolest clothes and was taking driving lessons looking forward to getting my own car. Life was good,

Delta Stem Bath was right across the road from my old high school so I often encountered my former schoolmates on my way to work. Most of them knew what I was doing now and the girls were envious of how much money I had and the guys fantasized about using my services.

I had got into a comfortable daily routine. I seldom got out of bed before noon and after a showering and doing my hair and makeup I would choose my wardrobe and head to the mall for lunch and to meet friends.

I usually showed up at the steam bath around 8 pm to begin work. Heading right to the attendant's room I would get naked and slip into a clean white terry robe.

Checking the steam room there were usually a few guys waiting for my arrival. Time to get to work!

A blowjob or fuck took about ten minutes and put $100 in my pocket. On a good night I had over $300 in my first hour.

Of course I got the unusual requests, some guys wanted to go down on me while others wanted to go in my ass. I was always able to negotiate an arrangement that made everyone happy.

I had smartened up a lot, bare cock fucking cost extra and was only allowed during my "safe" period, as I was till not on the pill. A.I.D.S. was still very rare in our city so the risk was acceptable. 

Ed Rod was a regular. Ed was a Buick salesman at City Pontiac - Buick down the street. He often dropped in to get his dick sucked.

One time I had Ed in a massage room playing a tune on his skin flute when he asked me if I was interested in doing a stag party. He said it paid $500.

I asked him how many guys would be there and what I would have to do.

He told me there would likely be about fifty guys and I would have to do a strip, fuck the groom and suck off as many other guys who wanted their cocks sucked.

I gave him my home phone number.

The stag was being held at the Vasco de Gama Club, a Portuguese social club that rented out the hall. The taxi dropped me off shortly after ten, the agreed time.

The hall was a rocking, there were several card games going as well as two crown and anchor wheels. There were at least fifty guys there, closer to seventy.

All eyes were on me as I entered. The guys cheered seeing the whore had arrived. I could tell by the looks on their faces they approved of me.

As soon as I was in the custodian locked the door, no one was to come or leave while I performed.

There was an elevated stage at one end of the room, a couple of feet higher than the main hall floor. A mattress lay on the stage floor over to one side.

Music begins squawking from the boom box at the end of the stage as I climbed the steps and moved to center stage.

I had dressed as close to a stripper as I could to do my act. A gold satin sheath with spaghetti straps, an expensive black push-up bra that did wonders supporting my 38C breasts and a black thong.

I seductively removed the dress amongst a chorus of hoots and cheers presenting my lingerie clad body. I gyrated for a few minutes before removing my bra and allowing everyone a view of my naked jiggling breasts. My tits are natural with large pink aureoles, inviting teats that protrude like giant pink pencil erasures begging for lips to clamp on. Teasingly my hands lifted my tits and pointed them at the audience. The guys were going wild as my thumbs hooked under the waistband of my thongs.

I slid the thong down over my hips like a tight fitting glove slowly revealing my neatly trimmed pussy. The hooting filled the room as my soon to be used hoochie came into sight. I stepped out of the thong and brazenly spread my pussy lips with my fingers allowing everyone a look into my love tunnel. The applause was deafening. 

Standing naked I awaited the shy bridegroom to be brought onto stage.

As his friends stood either side of him I dropped to my knees before him. I opened his zipper and reached in for his cock. Good, he was hard!

It was a nice size cock. "He is going to be sinking this in his bride on their honeymoon next week!" I thought as I guided him into my waiting mouth.

My lips sealed around his shaft as I inhaled deeply vacuum packaging his meat. My tongue painted him with my saliva. My cheeks sunk in as my hand begin milking the base of his cock just above his balls.

I was in control, for a few minutes his cock belonged to me. It would be me to whom he gave his cum, not some tight-ass prissy "nice" girl, but to me a common cocksucking slut!

He surrendered his first load easily, fresh salty brine gushed onto my tongue. When he stopped pumping I opened my mouth and withdrawing his cock I showed the audience the huge glob of cum resting on my tongue. I closed my mouth and swallowed, opening it again to show it was empty! The guys howled.

Receiving such a warm welcome I was hyped up for the main event. One of the groom's escorts handed me the condom.

Rubbing the cum coated head of his cock on my nipples I was able to coax his lifeless cock back to life enough to roll the rubber onto his love muscle. 

"How do you want it?" I asked.

"Doggy!"

I took my position on the mattress offering my rump to the guest of honor. I was facing the audience as he positioned himself behind me. He slid into my waiting slit in one powerful plunge. My eyes must have popped open a bit as the audience cheered his filling of my cunt.

He grabbed my ass with his hands and I rocked back and forth in rhythm with his strokes, we were fucking!

It only took a few strokes to get accustom to the cock in me. It was a nice size, not too big but thick enough to stretch my hole so it made me tingle as it moved in and out.

As it was his second come I had to work is cock about ten minutes before he ejaculated. My pelvic muscles gripped his cock and my hips gyrated grinding his meat in my cunt. Finally I felt him stiffen as he plunged deep inside of me as he reached his climax. I faked an orgasm for the cheering crowd. 

It was time for the main event. Guys were filing up onto the stag while the groom was still pulling out of me. I looked up and saw a multitude of cocks heading in my direction.

A cock slipped into my recently vacated pussy and begin fucking me. It did not feel like it had a condom covering it but I could not tell. Three cockheads were jostling for my mouth. I opened wide and begin taking them randomly.

The organizers had placed a large bowl beside the mattress where my tormentors could put their contributions. I noticed there were already a few twenties as well as some smaller bills in it. Someone had even put coins in! 

For the following hour I was their slut. One after the other they took turns pumping their cum into every one of my openings. I had a belly full of sperm; the insides of my thighs were soaked with the overflow from my cunt and cum trickled from my ass.

Finally the crowd's attention diverted to cards, their lust having been satiated.

I slipped on my dress with cum still running down my legs and went to scoop the cash from the bowl without even bothering to locate my expensive bra.

I made a hasty exit and counted my take in the cab on the way home. Seven hundred and eighty dollars. Not a bad take even if I deducted the twenty dollars cab fare.

Now that I was initiated I suspected I would be doing a few more parties.