 This story gets going quite slowly.. that’s because it stays true to the real event.. Yesterday I had quite a surprise. You see, Katinka and I we go back a longtime as friends. Way back to high school. We both went our separate ways for awhile, but about a year ago we met online again. It's funny that after more than ten years both of us had changed so much and also so little. I'm glad we get along so well. 

Anyway, we talk well, share a lot of feelings, thoughts, experiences and because we go back such a long way there's none of the pressure that you might normally feel when boys and girls get together. Mind you she's a knockout!

Anyway yesterday something new happened, something I enjoyed and I think she did as well. And the cool thing is, not much seems to have changed since then, no awkward feelings, no resentment. 

If I can just speak for myself: I just feel a bit closer to her and that's not a bad feeling. Maybe we can do it sometime again? ;-) We sure do it well..

This story has its origin in the chat session that we had yesterday, it's basically the story we told each other with all the he said/she said stuff edited out. It's the stuff dreams are made of...

We are out, high up in the Alps enjoying a winter vacation. We've both worked hard enough to deserve and appreciate seven days of sun, snow and glühwein. So we’re here.. as friends.. nothing more.. nothing less..

The first three days we've had great weather, lots of sun and fantastic skiing conditions. Each day we take the last ski lift up and ski across to our small and cozy hotel which is situated halfway on the piste. 

Today is no exception, but the weather this time is totally different, all of a sudden a snowstorm has surprised us out on the mountain. The temperature dropped rapidly and so did our vision, we could hardly see more than 5 or 10 m. 

After what seems like eternity we finally manage to end up at the hotel. It's nice and warm inside the hotel lobby, we go to our room to change into some casual gear and head on back downstairs to the sitting room next to the lobby. 

There's a fire burning in the fireplace, and we take a seat on one of the three couches set up in a u-shape in front of the fireplace. We can hear the wind howling outside, we managed to get inside in time, now the wind has reached Gale force. We settle in, cover ourselves with one of the blankets, and warm ourselves by the fire. 

Across from us on the other couch there's an woman of around 40, and a couple that's probably about our age. Next to us on our couch there's an older man, probably the same age as the woman. Everybody in our group seems to be a bit tipsy, I know we are because we had some glühwein while skiing. 

I look over to you and see that your slowly starting to warm up. I'm sitting the closest to the fire, and I can feel the heat to my face. Over in the far corner, a group of 4 is playing trivial pursuit, they are quite loud, while everybody in our group seems to be slightly subdued, enjoying the company and conversation. 

Suddenly the lights go out, girl in the other group lets off a scream and all of a sudden we are almost cast in darkness. The light from the fire casts eerie shadows on the walls and our group starts to giggle. 

In no time at all, Monique(about 20), one of the staff comes walking in with candles and oil lights. She excuses herself for the inconvenience and goes on to say that the rest of the staff haven't been able to reach the cabin so she will be the one tending to our needs. You giggle. 

Monique lights up the candles and oil lights and after finishing asks us if we want anything to drink. you order hot chocolate with rum, a whiskey for me and the guy sitting next to you, red wine for the Lady opposite us and screwdrivers for the couple next to her. 

Now, with the candlelight and heat from the fire it seems even more cozy than before. We are sitting close to one another, the couches really aren't that spacious. I look at you and see you looking down at your lap. 

I can see, barely noticeable a hand carressing you thigh beneath the blanket. You, ever so slightly press your leg against his, responding to his touch. I can see your eyes moving up, focusing on the Lady opposite doing her story, trying desperately to avoid looking his way. 

Your thoughts are probably straying to his stroking fingers, that seem to stop and then teasingly start to carress again every time you’re just about to look to your side. Your 'friendly' neighbor is also pretending to listen intensely to the Lady across. Nobody would probably notice a thing. The trivial pursuit group gets up making a lot of noise and heads up to their bedrooms. 

Just about then Monique comes in with our drinks, there is one extra, baileys, as it turns out for Monique, as she joins the group and takes her first sip. As I look around the group I notice the Lady looking discreetly at our blanket. I see her eyes following the movement of the hand beneath the blanket, slowly moving up and down your leg, sometimes a bit higher, sometimes staying teasingly close to your knee. I'm sure she's wondering what you're wearing and if I know that your being touched by someone else and enjoying it. 

As you cast your eyes toward her, she turns toward me and you notice her eyes lingering on my lips before descending to our blanket. I'm sure you notice how she seems lost in her own thoughts. 

Suddenly you're aware of the tension that's hanging between all of us, you look around the group for signs that your hunch is right. The Lady, is looking almost openly lustful at us now, you're right about her. The couple next to her, you notice his gaze lingering longer than necessary on Monique, while he's looking his hand touches his wife's breast, and when you look more closely you see her hand moving up his leg and stopping way up his lap, hidden from sight by their own blanket. Hardly noticeable but we both noticed, as did Monique.

The hand on your leg keeps teasing you. As Monique walks past behind you, you notice her fingers softly touching your neck on the way by. I watch you as you sink a bit more into the couch and you take another sip of your hot chocolate with rum. You shiver a bit, the hand beneath the blanket moving up a bit more. You’re blushing, your cheeks are rosy and I've got a feeling that its not just the rum doing its work. All kinds of thoughts are going through your mind, wanting to give the hand more space but also wanting to keep it for yourself desperate that the delicate tension won't be broken. 

Only now do you notice the Lady opposite sitting back a bit, her eyes closing frequently, following the hand on your leg, her hand imitating its moves. I see you looking at the girl of the couple, probably wondering what she looks like underneath the clothes she's wearing. Her hand is behind Monique's back it looks like she's carressing her back. I notice Wendy moving her knees slightly apart, I remember she was wearing a skirt so all kinds of images go through my head. 

You look at me with that mischievous grin you sometimes have. I see you enjoying yourself closing your eyes when the hand moves up further. You wink at me, without any word spoken we both know this might turn into a very special night. I guess that’s the moment we both decide that this will be a night nobody in our group will easily forget. And we sense that this feeling is shared by the rest of the group. 

Suddenly the guy of the couple makes a remark, you joke back at him and everybody laughs. A border is crossed and we all know it. I stand up and excuse myself, as I walk away I whisper something in Monique's ear. I disappear from view and she sits herself in my place next to you. 

Your attention to the man next you and his hand fades away. You feel the warmth of her body next to you, she huddles closely against you and you feel the curve of her breast against you. Very gently you touch that curve waiting for her response. As you look around the group, you notice Wendy staring at you and her guy kissing the Lady. You see her stare glide across your breasts over to Monique's. The image excites her and you see her hand softly stroking her own breast while her other hand strays across the blanket to her guy and you hear him moan softly as she takes a hold of him. 

For just a second you keep looking at Wendy and then you start kissing Monique's neck. You’re overwhelmed by her scent, her touch, sweet and exciting, completely different than with a man. Your hand slides over her breast, you want to taste her soft lips, feel her breathing increase as she turns towards you and parts her lips slightly. 

Your lips trace from her neck over her cheek towards.... Very gently you feel your lips touching each other, her soft tongue touching your lips, they are soft like a gentle caress. You caress back, your tongues touching. You taste baileys... She tastes chocolate, a delicious combination, sweet and soft. 

A hand is cupping your breasts lightly, you feel her hand beneath the blanket sliding from her leg over to yours. Tiny electric sparks where her fingertips touch you. You close your eyes and submit to the feeling. Your kisses stay sweet and loving. 

Across on the other couch you hear moaning. The sound excites you, you wonder who it's coming from but stay locked in a kiss with Monique. You sense her body responding in your kiss when you touch her, a soft moan, barely audible but your lips feel every sigh, every tension, every relaxation. 

She pushes you back a bit and starts to open a button on your blouse. The man next to you is still looking at you both. You lay your head back willingly, you long to feel her touch your naked skin. It feels... exciting, her hand sliding into your blouse. 

You see his eyes taking you in and feel his movement as he opens his trousers. His hand is moving in his pants, you hear him breathe, you know what he's thinking of, what he's feeling, you feel the desire to fuel his excitement. To make him respond to you, to play with him. 

Your blouse is totally open, you feel the soft lips on your neckline, your neck, your breast. They glide teasingly around your excited nipple. Her hand is holding your breast from below, gentle and firm at the same time. You look at Wendy, she looks wantonly at Monique and you, looking straight at you, trying to hold on to your stare while she moves her blanket aside. Monique's soft, wet lips are replaced by a playful bite in your nipple. 

You push Monique away and as you are looking at Wendy you unbutton Monique's blouse. She's wearing a bra that clearly displays her nipples. The fire is strong and is warming the room, the rum is warming you from the inside. The light from the fire is dancing across her breasts, just as your eyes, gently followed by your tongue. You want to taste her nipples, feel them respond to your touch. Monique's hands are caressing both your breasts, her nails sometimes pressing into your flesh. 

You lose yourself completely in her scent, your tongue exploring her skin. Slowly you wander down to her naval, tease her belly and explore further along the edge of her panties. You sense her excitement, smell how sweet her scent is, how her skin glows. 

You’re sitting in front of her, on your knees. With your tongue, you're trailing the edge of her panties. Suddenly you feel a hand touching your back, you look up and see the man still sitting on the couch, his pants removed and clearly excited. You look to the other side and see me sitting next you. You briefly wonder where I've been, but the thought disappears when you feel my hand moving down your spine. 

You shiver..., stick out your tongue and move it over her panties, she’s wet, you taste her excitement. Push your tongue more firmly into her, curiously, inquisitively. Her response is immediate, she thrusts her pelvis upward, now your lips enclose her completely. She moans and when you look up you see me gently caressing her breast, her neck and her cheek. I keep my distance, letting you explore. I know you are enjoying this, totally giving yourself. 

The man on the couch gets up and joins the others across from us. Wendy comes over and joins us. You are still teasing Monique with your tongue while Wendy moves up behind me and touches my back, kissing and biting my neck softly while still looking at you. I hear Monique moan, your tongue taking her higher. She moves her hand towards her panties and pulls it to the side, looking straight at you. I hear Wendy's breath stopping for second as she takes in the view. You look at Wendy as your tongue moves closer to the soft flesh. 

In the background we hear the Lady moaning hard. Softly your lips enclose Monique's clit, it’s big and sensitive. You love the taste of it and explore with your tongue. Meanwhile getting off on me and Wendy looking on and seducing us. 

You feel incredibly excited yourself, your breasts feel tense, your panties wet, I can feel it with my fingers. Every moan travels through you like an electric charge. Monique's scent and taste unleash the desire in you that's totally new. You feel my fingers pressing against your crotch, through your panties. 

You hear the Lady in the background, enjoying herself fully and holding back none. You want to look but you don't, your lust wins out against your curiosity. You feel my fingers, and push back against them, we both know where they have to be. I can feel your excitement, your wetness, your warmth. I enjoy looking at you, seeing you totally enveloped in everything. 

Wendy's lips are now caressing your neck, whispering softly in your ear. You stop licking Monique, and surrender to our touch. Monique gets up and as she moves around Wendy, she slides her hand across your breasts. You moan. Wendy is on her knees, Monique places one of her legs on the couch. Wendy kisses you, you taste Monique, champagne. 

All along you've really wanted Wendy from the start. You crave her touch, want to lose yourself in her. And you want it to excite me, like nothing before and you’re doing it so well. You want to make Wendy forget about her guy. 

You lie down on your back and as you do, you see her partner enjoying himself with the Lady and the man. They're both blowing him, a new experience for him but he's totally into it and doesn't notice Wendy kissing you intimately. You are exploring her, with two fingers, gently passing her lips feeling how tight she is. Tight and wet, your fingers sliding gently across her clit. Monique has sat herself down next you again. I'm sitting between her legs. She's very wet, I feel and the thought flashes through my mind that its because of you. 

I've taken my clothes off by now and you can see I'm excited, sense the excitement around you. I look around me, take in the breathtaking sights, looking at you. Her hand reaches out and touches me and a small, clear, shiny drop appears. She licks it. Lust rushes through my body. Softly she takes me in her hand, moving back and forth slowly. 

Until another drop appears. I close my eyes but don't want to miss out on how exciting it looks. You look at us and see her warm mouth taking me in, massaging me, asking, teasing for another drop. Fingers caress me. Then I feel a warm hand on my chest, on my neck, between my thighs. 

Four hands caressing me on all sides, gently squeezing, softly scratching. With my eyes closed, I hear the sounds, the moans coming from the Lady, the man's breathing increasing while she's spurring him on to take her harder from behind. 

You’ve moved in closer, taking me over from Monique, her mouth exploring the inside of my thighs. Then Wendy asks for me and you hand me to her, your hands caressing her body, your tongue playing with her nipples, and then I look down and see that you've taken me back in your mouth again. One after the other you take turns, gently sucking, moving, teasing, playing. 

Your wet fingers are playing with Wendy's clit, as the both of you kiss. Alternately your fingers enter her and play with her. All I feel is mouth, tongue, teeth. When she takes me in her mouth, I feel her tense up, you’re changing the tempo, two fingers thrusting inside her. 

Behind us we hear the Lady cum hard. The sound excites us. I also want to come desperately but hold back. 

I can see your fingers moving along Wendy's lips. Playing with her clit. I gently push you both away, Monique lies back on her back and moves her legs up in the air. I still only have eyes for you as I see Wendy enjoying your touch. How you tease her, the lust that's clear in all of your actions, sometimes bringing your fingers to your mouth as you look at her. You whisper something in her ear, there's something you want. 

I turn around and look at the others, the Lady is being taken from behind by Wendy’s guy. I turn around to see Monique laying there, ready for the taking and in one fluid motion I enter her. She uses her hands to spread her lips wide open for me, one index finger playing with her clit. You and Wendy are watching us enjoying ourselves, while playing with each other's breasts. 

Wendy has now found your wet lips and is playing with your clit. Moving her fingers along your lips, feeling your excitement, wetting her fingertips and drawing a playful little trail as she moves across your clit. Teasing you with how wet you are. It feels good to you, familiar. 

You see a twinkle in her eyes as you both smile at each other and kiss gently. You can see me and Monique moving in and against each other slowly as Wendy and you move over towards her. Wendy gets up above Monique and lower herself slowly onto her waiting mouth. Her tongue is dancing across Wendy's glistening lips and clit. Hungrily licking, tasting, exploring. I take Wendy's breasts into my hands as I plunge myself deeper into Monique. 

You sit back on the couch, taking everything in. You're hungry for more, feeling totally sexual, sensual. You look over across to the other couch and see the two guys standing facing each other while the Lady is sitting on the couch, one hand on each cock, her tongue exploring, sometimes taking one or both heads into her mouth. You feel hot, the warmth of the raging fire on your skin. You take the bottle of champagne and take a few sips, you put the bottle next you on the couch and start playing with yourself as you see the Lady looking at you. You’re teasing her and teasing yourself as your fingers fly across your clit. 

I glance over to you and get incredibly turned on by watching you enjoying yourself, putting yourself on display a bit, for us to see. One hand playing with your lips, the other with your breasts and nipples. I get dragged back to what's going on in front of me as I hear Monique approaching orgasm with a scream. 

I want more, Wendy moves in front of me bending over asking to be taken. I grab her by her hips and thrust into her. Monique walks over to you, ready to make you cum. But you surprise her by getting in front of her on your knees. Behind you, you feel somebody caressing your ass, feel a tongue sliding down. 

It's the man. 

Your tongue moves from Monique's clit down past her lips, softly teasing all the way behind and then playfully moving up again. You take a sip of champagne and with it still in your mouth, take her clit between your lips, teasing her with the bubbles. You feel his tongue and how he grabs you strongly by the hips. 

He says you’re wet, traces his fingers through your wetness, letting you know that he knows exactly how excited and ready for him you are. As he sits up behind you, you feel both his hands more strongly on your hips, feel him pushing against you, in his way in. Suddenly you feel a third hand moving from behind and down until you feel the fingers on both sides of him and you. Monique grabs your head and when the man thrusts into you, you moan with your lips closed around Monique. She feels every thrust, as your tongue presses against her clit, sometimes entering her when he enters you. Wendy is playing with Monique's breasts quite forcefully now as I move into her more deeply. 
