 Chuck had stopped and was sitting there in appreciation of what he just saw, and then she looked over to Chuck. Unbuttoning her blouse, she exposed her black lace camisole with small but firm breasts with nipples obviously excited. Again she was a new kind of beautiful. Then she crawled on her knees, her skirt sliding up as she moved exposing more of her sexy stockings. 

When she got over to Chuck, his legs were spread and his cock was hard and twitching, aching to feel her lips. Ruby got close to him and brought her face to his, kissing his neck then his cheek then his mouth. I knew that he was about to experience something he will remember for a long time. While the two of them "became acquainted" I saw that Chuck had brought up a bottle of wine and 3 glasses. I poured 3 glasses, brought 2 of them over to Ruby and Chuck. They sipped the wine and Ruby was sure to leave her lips wet with the wine. Chuck bent over and licked the wetness from her lips and they kissed again, this time more intently and more movement. 

Like she did with me earlier, she then began to unbutton his shirt and kiss his smooth shaved chest. Spending more time on his nipples, they both seemed to enjoy that. While doing that, she had already removed his belt and unzipped his pants and slid them off as she licked his chest on the way down. She knew based on the earlier talk, that he might not be able to hold back since it had been so long for him so she just went right after him. Probably realizing there would be more and did not want to use all of his energy as she began to ache to feel his cock deep in her pussy. The size made her soaking wet with excitement. 

Her lips wrapped around his cock and she slowly moved her mouth down over his large shaft. I watched intently and could see her tongue slip out and lick his cock as she slowly slid her lips further down his dick. His head was back and he was feeling good. She pumped his pole into her mouth, holding her head with both hands tangled in her hair. She was really enjoying this new cock and she wanted to taste his cum so badly that she just let him pump and pump until he began to quiver and he moaned to her "oh damn baby, oh oh I have to cum... you want me to baby?" Not losing a beat she moaned approval. He expected her to pull off but no she buried his monster dick into her mouth as far as she could, he twitched a few more times then let out a loud grunt, followed by a few more as he unloaded his stock of cum that had been building for a while. She took it all, swallowing his massive load and while doing so, we both did notice that she had slid her hand down to her pussy and was playing with her clit and the juices flowing around it and she too could no longer hold back. With his dick throbbing in her mouth she moaned loudly as she came too. It was very intense for both of them. Both of them exploding at the same time, what a great sight it was. 

Ruby, after releasing his dick from her mouth, moved up to his mouth, kissed him softly and with a little of his cum still in her mouth, slid her tongue over his and shared his hot cum. Lips parting, they sighed together and he held her for a while, saying "Thank you, Ruby. That was incredible". Her reply was "Yes, yes it was and your cock is amazing!"

Chuck needed to regain himself, so he asked her if he could use her shower and she said "of course, please do, but hurry back we have more for you!" Ruth and I talked and decided that she was going to fuck Chuck while I played with her and that way my guilt would be less and could still maintain some little amount of dignity!

With the sounds of the water from the shower in the background, we both stood up, all I had left on was my briefs so I took them off, then reached around her waist, unzipped her skirt and slid it down over her stocking covered smooth legs and tossed it in the chair. She lifted up her camisole over her head and also tossed it on the chair, I knelt down, licked her belly as I removed her panties which were on top of the stockings so she could leave them on. That's Ruby, always prepared! She was stunning standing there in only her stockings and garter, bright shiny red lips and dangly earrings still shining in the dim light.

She took my hand as she laid it on the bed and spread her legs in front of me as if to say "lick me? Please?" Of course I could not wait and sat on my knees next to the bed and kissed her thighs starting just above the black stocking lace and moving up to her pussy. The last time I tasted this part of her was part of my first threesome and if he remembered correctly it was wonderful. She was trimmed neatly with a small V above her clit; the rest was smooth, very smooth. I very slowly ran my tongue over her clit and she gasped and grabbed my head with her left hand and with the right she grabbed the bedspread as she tensed up. As well as she knew how to suck a cock, I knew how to lick a pussy. My tongue and finger took turns entering her vagina. Then I inserted 2 fingers cupping then up to get her g-spot and she was writhing on the bed as she almost growled and cried with pleasure, she too was about to cum again and I was not going to hold her back. Her back arched as she went quiet, I could feel her warm juices begin to flow and her cunt grabbed my fingers with each thrust of her hip off of the bed. This woman really knew how to enjoy an orgasm. "Oh my, oh yes, yes YES" she cried loudly with pleasure. 

She twitched a few times as her body came down from the thrill, and she firmly pulled me down to kiss her with passion. "We still got it" I said and she simply smiled and nodded her head in agreement. Chucked finished his glass of wine, offered us some and layed down on the bed with a towel around his waist. Ruby asked him to lose the towel, she had plans for that big cock. With that she climbed between his legs and took his limp and clean dick in to her mouth. It was not long and he was rock had and massive again. His head flat on the bed, she straddled him and was rubbing her dripping pussy over his dick as she kissed him. Then she sat up, facing away from him positioned her pussy over his rod and slid it down to engulf his cock slowly. She closed her eyes at first then opened them and looking at me and I could just read her mind. She had to be thinking this cock is so big, must be 10" and every inch was sliding into her cunt. With each stroke the bed bounced and I had the view of her riding his cock with her perky tits moving in rhythm with their pumping.

They were grinding and fucking was so very very hot to watch. Like a real life porno for me, my dick with my hand around it began to quickly grow. Their movement slowed and became easy and smooth as Ruby looked at me, gave me the come over here finger wave. Instantly I know what she wanted, she wanted me to stand on the bed in front of her facing them, basically between his feet and she wanted to suck my dick again. She took it in and their movements were perfect, she let me fuck her mouth with the motion of his cock gliding and pushing in to her dripping pussy. His moans got louder and lower in tone and I was thinking he will now be filling her cunt with his hot cum. She was pretty much coming back to back it seemed after she had my cock in her throat. I was close too, this session was too hard and too good to hold it back. Then he grabbed her hips, stopped his pumping as he blasted his cum up into her pussy. The sound of them cumming put me over the top and I pulled out, and unloaded all of my cum on Ruby's neck and chest. Damn, I am not sure I have ever cum that much at one time. When I got off of the bed, they were still joined and I could see his cock with their juices dripping out of her drenched pussy. 

She rolled over on the bed on to her back, then one of the sexiest things I have ever seen happened. It surprises me that I enjoyed it that much but it was incredible. Chuck began to slowly lick my cum off of her tits and neck. He would get some in his mouth, and then take it up to her lips and they would kiss. Their lips wet with my cum. It so different and surprising and it was beautiful too. 

We all showered, laughed, dressed and began to plan our next business trip... but not until after I would have my chat with Lorie.