 Denise half leaned, half collapsed against the old door. Wet from head to toe, she shivered in the cold gusts of wind and cursed herself again for ignoring the weather forecast. And the dark clouds on the eastern horizon when she had set out on her three-mile run. Idiot, she chided herself, why couldn't you wait until tomorrow?

The downpour had started less than two minutes ago, about halfway through her run. At first the cool drops had felt good on her hot skin. Then they had gotten larger and colder, making her run faster, trying to reach the old barn before she was completely soaked. But she had lost that race. Now, with her skimpy jogging outfit plastered to her skin, she felt cold and miserable and longed to be back home, in her warm bed, with her boyfriend by her side, or on top of her, or . . .

"Thank God for small favors," she muttered to herself when she tried the knob and, to her surprise, found the door unlocked. She slipped in and closed the door again, briefly wondering if the owner would mind. Probably not.

Denise had run past this barn dozens of times, but had never stopped to venture inside. Hadn't even thought about what might be inside. When her eyes adjusted to the semidarkness, she took a quick inventory. Bales of hay stacked up in the back, almost reaching the ceiling; more bales scattered around haphazardly in front of the stack; a small workbench and a few tools in the corner to her right; loose hay scattered knee-high to her left, an old blanket spread out on top of it; above the blanket, one small window that looked like it hadn't been washed since Reagan was president. Not exactly the Ritz, she thought, but it's dry. Dry!

A drop running down her forehead, then down her nose and falling from the tip reminded her why she had come in in the first place. She shook her head vigorously and sent droplets flying in all directions. Once out of the cold wind, she wasn't shivering anymore, but her wet and clammy cloths made her feel cold to the bone.

She hesitated briefly, then pulled her t-shirt over her head, wrung the water out of it as best she could, and draped it neatly over a bale of hay to dry. Her tight shorts went onto another bale. She even placed her running shoes on a bale, although she doubted that the vicinity of the hay would do anything to get the water out of them.

A quick glance out of the window convinced her that there was nobody else around -- who else would be stupid enough to run in this kind of weather? Satisfied that she would have the barn all to herself, she finally slid her panties down her long, muscular legs and repeated the wringing ceremony one last time.

Stark naked, still wet, but not as cold anymore, she walked over to the blanket. Except for a few stains it appeared clean enough. She looked hard at the stains, but the dim light made it impossible to tell what they were. Spilled beer? Cum stains? Who cared anyway. She lay down and rolled around on the blanket until the coarse material had soaked up most of the moisture from her skin. When she came to rest on her back, she felt almost warm again.

After a few minutes, her thoughts went back to her boyfriend and what he would do with her if he could see her now. She imagined his hands caressing her body, his lips on hers, her tongue in his mouth or his tongue in hers, and involuntarily brought her hands up to her breasts. Small breasts for sure, barely B-size, but so firm she never needed to wear a bra. Never. Too bad Jimmy didn't pay them the attention they deserved.

What the heck, she thought, I can take care of them myself as long as he takes good care of my pussy. Meanwhile, her hands moving tenderly back and forth over her breasts had had an effect. Her nipples stood up proudly and poked her palms, sending little waves of pleasure through her body whenever she moved her hands. And Denise was an expert at making these waves grow, making each one just a little bit more intense than the one before it, until the final wave swept her away and made her explode in a powerful orgasm that left her breathless and exhausted.

Denise slowly, almost reluctantly, released her right breast and slid her hand down her flat belly until her fingers felt the little triangle of hair that pointed the way to her pleasure center. She toyed briefly with her pubic hair before she moved her hand farther down and ran her middle finger through the gap between her moist and swollen pussy lips.

She sighed softly, wishing it was her boyfriend's dick getting ready to penetrate her, and spread her legs wide. Her middle finger found the entrance and slipped right in while the palm of her hand came to rest lightly on her pubic mound. Responding as if on their own, her hips bucked up and bumped into her hand, sending a shock wave from her sensitive clit all through her pelvis.

Her hips and right hand cooperated perfectly and increased both the intensity and the frequency of the shock waves. Her left hand remained on her chest, traveling back and forth between the twin mounds, alternately caressing the sensitive flesh and pulling lightly on her fully erect nipples.

Denise felt her juices leaking out of her pussy and running down the crack of her ass, gathering in a wet patch on the blanket. Beer stains, she giggled. Not exactly the most likely explanation for the other stains. The thought slipped away as fast as it had come and she concentrated on her handiwork again. First one, then another finger joined the one already lodged in her pussy. Her hips increased their tempo, pushing her clit against the palm of her hand with each thrust.

Just when she felt the first tinges of an orgasm set in, she heard the sound of footsteps in front of the barn door. More than one set of feet, from the sound of it. For a moment, she considered scrambling back into her cloths, her panties at least, but she was too close to getting off to stop now. She had been here first; if some latecomer didn't like what she was doing, too bad. In any case it wouldn't be the first time that somebody watched her jacking off or having sex.

The thought of having a couple of strangers walk in on her pushed her over the edge. Her hips jerked up violently one last time, her hand crashed into her clit, and she screamed with pleasure while she collapsed on the blanket, jerking uncontrollably. She never heard the barn door open and was only dimly aware of human voices, first cursing the rain, then gasping unintelligibly, probably at the sight of her naked, writhing body. But dealing with their presence would have to wait until her orgasm subsided and she could think rationally again.

When Denise finally gathered enough strength to pull her fingers out of her pussy and open her eyes, she found herself sharing the barn with three men, apparently runners who had been surprised by the rain, just like herself. Still breathing hard, she sized them up quickly. The oldest one of the guys was obviously embarrassed, not wanting to look at her, but not knowing where else to look either. Probably married and faithful to his wife, she thought. The fool doesn't know how much fun he's missing. The other two looked more promising, about ten years younger than the first, early 20s, Denise estimated, and unable to keep their eyes off her body.

"Hi guys!" She smiled brightly at them. "I didn't know I had an audience."

"Sorry 'bout that." The senior of the group tried to return her smile but failed, still too embarrassed. "I wasn't . . . We didn't mean to . . ."

"That's okay," Denise cut him off. "I hope you enjoyed the show. What's your name?"

"Joe. And I'm married."

"No problem, Joe, I'm not jealous. Name's Denise." She looked at the other two guys and they introduced themselves as Steve and Andy. None of them mentioned a wife or a girlfriend.

"Pleasure to meet you guys. Why don't you take those wet cloths off before you catch a cold?"

Joe was dumbfounded. While he still debated with himself if he should strip in front of his friends and a stranger, Steve and Andy followed her suggestion rather enthusiastically. Within half a minute they were completely naked, their cloths thrown heedlessly on the ground and their shoes kicked after them for good measure.

"Come on, Joe!" Denise teased him, now sitting upright in the center of the blanket, her arms resting on her slightly spread legs. "You are not prudish, are you?"

Joe looked from Denise to Steve to Andy, all of them naked, and shrugged his shoulders. He stripped quickly and sat down on the bale of hay that was farthest from the blanket, pressing his thighs together to keep his swelling dick down.

"You'll dry much faster if you roll around on the blanket a couple of times," she suggested and moved out of the way.

Steve and Andy jumped on the makeshift bed and stretched out. Denise watched them roll around and was pleased to see their dicks getting hard.

"Won't you join us?" she asked Joe with a bit of pique in her voice, wondering if he really wasn't the least bit interested in her body.

"Thanks, I'm fine."

Denise shrugged and returned her attention to the two male bodies next to her. Both had sat up and faced her, openly admiring her physique.

"Your tits are so cute!" Steve couldn't contain himself any longer.

"They're called breasts, you chauvinist pig," Andy chided him in mock disgust.

Denise laughed out loud. "That's alright, call them tits if you like. That's what I call them -- unless I'm talking to my grandmother." She arched her back to make them stand out more prominently. "Want to touch them?"

"May I?" 

Steve was kneeling by her side before she had a chance to answer. She just smiled, let herself sink down on the blanket and folded her hands behind her head. Steve took that to mean Yes. He leaned forward and placed his hand on her belly, then moved it up in little circles until he reached the edge of her left breast. At the same time, he let his tongue dance around her right nipple, moving closer and closer.

"Yeah, that feels good," Denise encouraged him. She gasped when his lips finally closed over her nipple and his tongue caressed it lightly. Another gasp when he started to suck on it.

"You don't need both of them, do you?" Andy had moved in and pushed Steve's hand away from her breast. Steve's reply was unintelligible, but he did pull his hand back. Andy wasted no time and wrapped his lips around the just-released nipple, sucking and licking it alternately.

Trusting that her tits would be taken care of expertly, Steve decided to move on to her pussy. He let the other nipple slip out of his mouth, positioned himself between her legs, and pushed them so far apart that her pussy lips parted, revealing her erect clit and soaking vagina. He dove right in and licked up as much of her juices as he could, then spread her lips even farther with his thumbs and began to explore her with his tongue.

Meanwhile, Andy had taken over both of her tits as expected. He kissed his way from nipple to nipple and back again, leaving traces of his saliva all over her chest.

Denise squirmed under the assault of two tongues and four hands. Her continuous moans and the occasional scream of pleasure told the guys they were on the right track and motivated them to keep going.

"Fuck me now!" Denise demanded between gasps. "Steve! Andy! Anybody!"

Steve was in the best position to comply. He withdrew his tongue, swallowed the pussy juice that was in his mouth, and got ready to penetrate her. Holding her pussy lips apart, he placed the tip of his rock-hard dick at her entrance and thrust his hips forward until their pelvic bones collided. Denise let out another scream of pleasure and wrapped her legs around him, pulling him in even deeper.

When Steve rammed his dick into her pussy, Andy gave up his attempt to keep his lips on her tits. The way she was thrashing around, it just wouldn't be possible. He stretched his back to work the stiffness out, then knelt down by her head and offered her his dick to suck on. Denise reached out and guided it into her mouth. She closed her lips around it and traced the sensitive ridge of the head with her tongue.

Andy was in heaven. Her expert tongue dancing around his dick, the exquisite suction, and her hand massaging the shaft and occasionally tickling his balls were exciting him more than anything he had experienced before. His gaze jumped back and forth between Denise's mouth with his own dick sticking in it and her pussy, which Steve was fucking with hard and fast strokes, groaning each time he thrust his hips forward. He fought the urge to push his dick deeper into her mouth, trying to prolong his pleasure as long as possible.

Watching his friend getting a blowjob right before his eyes was a new experience for Steve. Combined with Denise's tight pussy squeezing his dick, the sight of her mouth and hand working on Andy's dick aroused him so much that he knew he wouldn't last much longer.

"I'm coming!" Steve grunted when he felt his orgasm set in. He thrust his dick into her as far as it would go and began filling her pussy with his cum. With each jerk of his hips he let out a hoarse grunt until his load was spent and his dick deflated slowly. When he felt her legs slip off his back, he took his cue and pulled out of her. He collapsed by her side, panting heavily.

"Wow, baby, that was fantastic," was all he managed to say -- which didn't matter since Denise wasn't listening. She let her head fall back on the blanket, releasing Andy's dick from her mouth with an audible popping sound.

"Your turn," she panted. "Hurry up!"

Andy was delighted. When Steve had positioned himself between her legs, he had expected to get no more than a blowjob.

"Thanks, darling." He grinned from ear to ear while he climbed on top of her. Denise reached down between their bodies and guided his dick into her pussy, obviously not wanting to lose her momentum.

Andy didn't need any further encouragement. He fucked her hard and fast, knowing he wouldn't last long. Her oral ministrations had brought him close to the edge and her tight pussy, enveloping his dick like a velvet glove, would finish him off in no time flat. Denise, close to another orgasm herself, sensed his urgency and met each thrust of his hips with one of her own.

"Yeah! Fuck me!" she screamed at the top of her lungs. She felt the first waves of a new orgasm radiating out from her clit. "Fuck me! I'm coming! Fuck me hard!"

Her wild screams robbed Andy of the last bit of self-control he might have mustered otherwise. He drove his dick into her to the hilt and flooded her pussy with his cum. Drained of all his strength, he barely managed to roll off her and collapsed by her side, both of them breathing heavily and enjoying the warm afterglow of their orgasms.

"I don't mean to interrupt you guys, but it's not raining anymore." Joe's words finally got through to them. They lifted their heads simultaneously and looked out of the window. He was right. Even a tiny patch of blue sky could be seen, although it would surely be swallowed by the clouds before long.

Joe and Steve had already put their wet cloths back on and were obviously waiting for Andy to do the same. He was in no hurry, though. He wrapped his arms around Denise and kissed her tenderly. "Thanks, babe, that was wonderful."

"And thanks to you," she said, turning around and gathering her jogging outfit off the hay. "Joe, I really admire your willpower. Ain't many guys who turn down a chance to screw me."

"Don't take it personally, Denise. I just don't cheat on my wife."

"You should. Occasionally. You're missing a lot of fun."

"Whatever. Come on, guys, let's finish this run before the rain starts again." Joe opened the door and took off, obediently followed by Steve and Andy, who waved their good-byes and wished Denise a great day.

Denise closed the door and ran in the opposite direction, eager to get back home and under the shower with her boyfriend. Just have to keep his nose away from my pussy for a while, she chuckled.