 Angel didn't get the feeling that these guys wanted to hurt her, but she felt nervous regardless. How bad could a talk be?

They all filed in, followed by an air of anxious confidence. Jack was evidently twitchier, Kelly struggled to look at her. Only Isaiah held the original sureness that made him so tantalizing. "If you'll forgive us for our honesty, we've all spoken and 

"We love you Angel," Jack blurted. Kelly raised his eyebrows at his friend and muttered something with the word "tactful" in it.

Jack continued quickly, "When we saw you, it was...I've never felt...it was like...like lightning."

"You're something else, girl," Kelly cut in, sudden confidence in his voice, "there's something about you that's just..."

"Magical," Isaiah finished. "You're fucking magical, Angel."

Angel burst out laughing, "Magical!" She laughed until she realized no one else was. Her face flattened out, "You're fucking with me." She turned and went as if to lock herself in the bathroom. Jack grabbed her by the hand. So soft. 

"We're serious!" Jack said with only a slight twinge of desperation. He let her go. 

"I mean, we could just show you," Kelly said with an easy smile.

Angel turned, eyeing each man suspiciously. Something did feel right about being alone in the room with the three of them. Electric. Why?

That was when Isaiah stepped forward, dangerously close to her. He stood a full head taller than Angel, putting her a little lower than mid-chest. She looked up into his eyes, rich, russet eyes. Tantalizing. 

And kissed her.

Isaiah's lips were as soft as she had hoped. She felt like she could kiss him forever. She broke it quickly, and took a step back.

Magic. Hmmm.

Jack stepped forward. She looked into his pale, green eyes briefly before kissing him, her tongue slipping past his lips. His energy filled her, but she backed off again, albeit more apprehensively. She wanted them. All three. 

Kelly was eyeing her with a mischievous grin. Angel returned the grin and leaned forward to kiss him. His burly arms snaked around her waist, pulling her closer, and crushing her body close as his tongue sought hers. Angel felt a low moan, like a growl from his chest as his hands moved down to grab her ass. He swiftly lifted her up, and her legs instinctively wrapped around him as he walked them both over to the bed and gently laid her down on it.

Angel thought about protesting, but the air was thick with longing and promise. She wanted this. All of it. Even if they were playing some sick game with her, she wanted it. She wanted them.

Kelly's lips moved away from hers, and before she could express her disappointment he pressed them to her neck, then her collarbone, moving and kissing lower until he was between her legs, sliding off her delicate panties.

Before Angel could comprehend what was happening, Isiah's mouth covered hers again. She hadn't noticed that he and Jack had joined them on the bed. Isiah's tongue glided past her lips at the same time Kelly's tongue gently slid over her clit. Angel felt smooth hands pushing her lacy, wine-stained dress up. She managed to register Jack's presence before his fingers traced her perky breasts.

Angel was enraptured by the different sensations. Isiah's perfect lips moving against hers. Jack's warm, smooth hands, the tips of his fingers caressing her tits, hardening her nipples. Kelly's impossibly skilled tongue flicking at her clit, making her pussy wet and warm in anticipation.

Fingers joined Kelly's tongue, curving to massage her G-spot just as Jack's teeth grazed her nipple and Isiah softly bit her lower lip. She gasped. 

"Off, please," she purred, hoping that they knew she meant her dress—any and all clothing, in general—and not them, she lifted her hips and sat up slightly so the men on either side of her could slip it off while Kelly continued his intoxicating work between her thighs. 

Her hands reached left and right, searching for either man's legs. She found one, then the other, and ran her hands over the prominent bulges in their pants. Without any desire to say anything else, and inching close to climax, she moaned as she tugged at the waistbands of the two kneeling next to her.

Jack was closer and the first to take out his already throbbing cock. Looking up at him, Angel opened her mouth and stuck out her tongue, beckoning him. He grabbed the braids at the top of her head, and gently slid his smooth, olive shaft into her mouth. She closed her eyes as she indulged. Her right hand found the tip of Isaiah's exposed cock. She slid her fingers down...

Then lower...

And still lower until she finally found the base. The man felt like he was a foot-and-a-half long! She took his length in her delicate fingers and started stroking. 

Unexpectedly, she quivered, and came, hard, grinding her hips on Kelly's face and fingers. If not for Jack's dick, she might've screamed, but her high-pitched mumbled cries of pleasure were the best she could do. As if to make up for her sudden halt in stimulation, she pumped Isaiah faster with her right hand, and slurped on Jack messily.

She noticed that Kelly had stopped his incredible mouth work and she hoped that he— Yes! She felt the tip of the redhead's cock slide outside her sopping lips. She had recovered from the delicious shock of her first orgasm and was all too ready for more. 

She moaned blissfully, her mouth still harboring Jack's cock, as Kelly gently pushed his girth inside of her. It felt exactly like he looked, brawny. Not incredibly long, but what it might've lacked in length, it more than made up for in girth. Pleasantly thick. Enough to entice a mild squeal of delight as he pushed his entire length into her. She stopped her sucking of Jack to watch him pump into her over and over again. 

His ocean colored eyes held crashing waves as he regarded her with an intensity that she had never felt from anyone she had been with. They stared for a moment until she was once again lost in the mirth of an oncoming climax. She took Isaiah's huge member in her mouth. Widening her jaw as far as she could and trying her best not to let her teeth graze his mocha skin. She found Jack's slippery cock with her left hand and alternated sucking on both. 

Angel was wracked with quivers as she came a second time covering Kelly in her juices. Panting, and surprisingly vigorous, she got to her knees and kissed the redhead deeply, feeling him growl with pleasure. 

She grabbed Isaiah, and pushed him down so that he took her position on the bed. Saying nothing, she straddled him, and maneuvered his cock to enter her. Cumming twice had her emboldened her to take the gorgeous, black man's size. 

She slid down slowly, calculating every inch of his powerful shaft. She stopped when it got to be too much and looked down. He's not even in all the way! She thought as she admired the solid half-inch of exposed member. Taking a deep breath, she worked herself up and down, relishing the feel of the biggest dick she'd ever had. 

That was when Jack moved around to the foot of the bed and climbed up behind her. She could feel his length between her ass cheeks, still wet from her mouth, and still raging. He reached around to fill his hands with her breasts and kissed her neck. She arched her back, sighing a response and giggling slightly before Isaiah's cock reminded her of its presence. 

Kelly had taken that time to remove the rest of his clothes just as the others already had before climbing back onto the bed to kneel next to where Isaiah's head lay. He was also still rock-hard. She wanted to taste the concoction of her juices and his flavor. Before she did she turned her head towards Jack. 

"I want you inside too," she purred. She knew the combination of climaxes and stimulation from the monolith between her legs would've given her tight asshole enough lubrication to accommodate both of them. From how he had felt in her mouth, Jack was just the right size.

The smooth Asian man slipped himself inside her, slowly at first, then farther until he was completely engulfed. The combination was riveting, she felt so full. Each man, found a particular rhythm that made her feel like she was being rocked by waves. She let cry after pleasurable cry escape her mouth moaning and sighing between each. 

Angel noticed Kelly with that easy, playful grin, stroking his cock as she was being ravaged by Jack and Isaiah. Reveling in her ecstasy, her rolling eyes finally settled on his, and she held her mouth open, tongue protruded in a wordless question. He accepted the invitation and grabbed the back of her head pulling it towards his girth. 

He tasted exactly as she wanted him to taste, mildly of hickory with a hint of herself. Scrumptious. The ginger grabbed two handfuls of her braids, and worked her head to his own speed, matching the off-tempo rhythm of Jack and Isaiah. 

Closing her eyes, she focused on each sensation individually while savoring the effect that all three were having on her body, she felt lost in a sea of jovial desire. 

Her eyes shot open, she felt her third climax dangerously close. Nearly one after the other, Jack's cock throbbed harder, Isaiah's shaft widened her near to bursting, and Kelly's stiffened in her mouth. Violent, celestial quivers overtook her body as she opened herself up to a third, torrential climax, she would have screamed if not, once again, for her mouth being so enjoyably intruded upon.

Jack moaned and hot cum shot into the gaping hole that had become Angel's ass. Isaiah gave a deep sigh and spouted gloriously inside her sopping pussy. The ginger attached to the cock protruding from her lips gave another, final growl and emptied himself down her throat holding her by her braids as if they were the only things keeping him vertical.

They all made their exits and collapsed into a panting, sweaty pile. The sweet musk of sex hung in the air. Sighing, she curled up next to Isaiah. She could feel their liquids leaking out of her and taste lingering on her tongue. All three unique, all three spectacular.

All three hers. 

"I think," she panted drowsily, "I think, this'll work."

Somewhere on the bed, Kelly laughed.