 Again, It is essential that if you wish to visualise the characters in this tale, that you read all the earlier chapters.

It has been placed in the 'group sex' category in the hope that the weirdoes who read the stories in the 'loving wives' section then send vile and offensive feedback together with a 0 vote, pass this story by.

As it is in the group sex category there are times when more than two people are involved. So be warned.

*

After a short meal break, Barry and I had a meeting with Phil, the director, in his office.

"Crystal. Barry and I have come up with what we think is a great story line. The dream sequence."

"The dream sequence?" I quizzed.

"Yes, the dream sequence. It's what you may have dreamed about, if you had been the young and attractive, bored housewife, left alone too long with guys who want to fuck you. Of course it would involve all types of things that you as a nice English girl wouldn't ever think of doing except in your naughty dreams."

"If it's happening in my dreams, how do you intend to get it on film?"

"Well of course you would have to carry out the acts and we would film it. Perhaps we could use a bit of soft focus or something similar like a cloud effect around the edges to give the impression that we need."

"What sort of acts were you thinking that I should do?"

"Just the sort of things you've done so far with perhaps a few little extra things."

"Extra things? Like what?"

"I have known you long enough to know that you have a great imagination and many talents too. Perhaps we can make the odd suggestion as we go along. I would like you to act as if you haven't had sex for a year and you won't be having any more sex for another year. I want to see the real nasty Crystal that I know is inside you."

"What if I let you down?"

"I don't think that you will. Barry has convinced me that you are a star in the making, and that this film will be the first of many."

"Many? This started as a bit of naughty flashing. I have no intention of getting into films. I have had some fun, and I know Barry has. But when we get home, that will be the end of my acting career."

"One day at a time, Crystal. We will start shooting in half an hour. Whatever happens we need to show you in as many different pieces of swimwear that we can. You need to be wearing at least one article of swimwear, whatever you are doing. We need to show all the possibilities. There is only one scene that Lucky insisted on and that is you giving him a proper welcome home after a hard day at the office. You are sunbathing by the pool in just the bottoms of a bikini. The bikini bottoms are wet and see thru. He can see that the workmen on the roof are looking at you, and this turns him on. As he approaches you lying there, he sees that the material is not hiding the view of your pussy from the workmen and knows that you must have been teasing them all day. He takes your hand and leads you back into the house were you have to relieve some of the day's stresses. Lucky has asked for a blow job. Are you OK with that scenario?"

"Sounds good to me. Then what do you want me to do?"

"We should take one scene at a time. But if you ever want to add anything, feel free."

"I have an idea already. Can Carla let me have some bright red lipstick?"

"I'm sure that she can. What have you in mind?"

"You'll see."

I found Carla for the lipstick and picked out my first piece of swimwear. It was a cream colored thong. By no means the smallest but not the largest either. I knew that it showed my Brazilian cut pubes quite well. I slipped it on and pulled up the sides so that the seam went between my lips and my pussy looked at its best. The string was extremely thin between my legs and butt cheeks so there would be no difficulty moving it out of the way when the time came.

Shortly before shooting began I swam a couple of lengths of the pool to ensure that the material was wet and see thru for the camera.

I was soon on my knees before Lucky, my aptly named film husband. As mentioned earlier, he has a pleasant looking penis and for his age he managed an impressively firm erection.

As I messaged his shaft, I looked up into his eyes and ran my tongue around his softly textured helmet. He seemed to enjoy it when I ran my tongue around the edge and along the underside.

But I wasn't there to please Lucky. I was there to make a film, and to make that film interesting for Lucky's customers. That is where the bright red lipstick came into play. It was my intention to give Lucky a perfect red circle around the base of his cock. I got myself into the right position then began to devour the chocolate colored flesh, inch by inch down my throat. I could tell that Lucky was enjoying the tightness, but it was important to me that he did not cum before I had reached my goal.

He held my head in place, although he didn't need to, as my nose progressed towards his salt and pepper pubes. His hips were moving but not to an extent that it made things difficult. I saw Joe, the close up camera man to my right. My throat had been stretched deeper than ever before but I knew that my audience, including my Barry, would enjoy the scene.

I could tell that Lucky was on the edge, so I made one last push, and there I was. I wrapped my lips tightly around the shaft and deposited as much lipstick as I could before Lucky began to groan. I had to get it out quickly, although I wouldn't have minded swallowing, so that the cum shot could be filmed.

I held his cock firm as I retreated from the base of his cock. I was so proud of my red lipstick circle as it came into view. My timing was virtually perfect as his first blast came as the tip reached my lips. Of course it was perfectly on target. It hit my tongue then bounced up to the roof of my mouth. Although I don't mind Barry cumming on my face, I decided that if I could catch it all in my mouth there would be no need refresh makeup, more than my lipstick. Just three more jets to catch.

As I changed into a pale blue thong that was similar in design to the cream colored one, I noticed that I left a little of my juices behind on the smooth material.

The next scene was to be outside with me on the sun lounger. I was to pretend to be asleep. I was lying face down, with my face to one side and eyes closed. I raised my right knee so that my leg was about ninety degrees to the left. I knew that this would give an interesting view to the workmen on the roof. I was to pretend to stay asleep, whatever happened.

Shortly before I closed my eyes, I saw that they had allowed Barry a movie camera to use, and he was filming from within the house. Joe was again the close up man and Alex was on the roof showing the view that the workmen would have of their lucky workmate.

This scene of course would be easy for me.

I soon felt the presence of someone behind me. Shortly after that I felt the thin string of material that ran between my legs being pulled to the right, exposing my pussy to whoever it was and the cameras.

Then, the pleasant sensation of a nose between my buttocks and a tongue between my pussy lips. In honesty, this was a dream that I had had many times. And now I was acting it out, and on film.

It didn't feel like Carla's, it was far more forceful. It had to be a male tongue. Strangely it almost felt as though the tongue had a similar texture to that of a young cat. He was hitting the right spots with it though, and I could feel my orgasm start on its merry little journey.

I could feel that he was holding my lips open, for the camera and all the men who would be seeing the film. Closer and closer I got and couldn't stop myself from softly whispering,

"More, give me more please." Over and over.

The naughtiness of showing the world my most secret inner flesh and the feelings of that strong tongue against my sensitive clit took me over the edge.

As I stopped screaming, I had an overwhelming urge to have my pussy filled with flesh. I raised my knee closer to my chest and knew that my pussy would be visually begging the unknown man to fill it.

My pussies wish was soon granted. I could feel the owner of the tongue climb onto the lounger between my open thighs and place the head of his cock at the entrance to my love tunnel. I was desperate to get it inside and considered moving down quickly to get it in. But trying to become a controlled actor made me stay still, as if sleeping. I didn't have to wait long as I felt it push my lips aside and ever so slowly inch into my body. I just concentrated on the wonderful sensations coming from my lower belly.

Although I knew that he would have to remove his cock before he came I tried my best to grip his cock when he was deep inside. I had to stop myself from smiling at my naughtiness. My legs were not in the best position to allow my strong vaginal muscles to grip him but I tried my best.

I could hear him begin to approach his climax. Faster and faster, his hard meat slid along my slippery tube. Suddenly he was there.

He pulled out, and I felt the first blast hit me between the shoulder blades. I thought to myself that he must have been very pleased with my vaginal workout on his cock. The second hit the small of my back and the third landed on my right buttock. Like a true professional, I remained still as my lover placed the material back over my used pussy and casually walk away.

Carla cleaned the goo from my body, and then I changed again, into a tiny baby pink bikini. I put the top on as well because the scene was set in the kitchen. Being the devoted young wife, I was supposed to be preparing a salad for my husband.

There was just Joe and Barry filming this episode. I had just prepared the lettuce and about to slice the cucumber when I felt two arms around my waist. I was to pretend that I believed that it was my husband and responded by pushing my hips back against his hard on. The hands moved up to my breasts and began to play with my nipples. This of course caused them to push against the micro thin material.

I continued to prepare the salad until a hand came from behind and grabbed the cucumber. Before I knew it I was leaning over the kitchen work top with my legs spread. I felt something cold against my lips. It had to be the cucumber. The new owner of the cucumber was pushing the thing backwards and forward over my fleshy outer lips. I knew that he would want to put it inside and thought, why not. I raised my hips a little and spread my thighs still further and felt it slip into me. It felt cool, but refreshing, after the hot fuck I had just had.

It was only inside long enough for Joe to film a close up before it slipped out. I turned around, and saw that it was Mickie. I was so pleased to see him. I just couldn't stop myself from tearing his vest off and undoing the belt of his jeans as fast as I could. It must have looked funny as I pulled the jeans down to his knees and pushed him back onto the kitchen floor. I was pleased that he wasn't wearing any underwear. I grabbed his cock and started softly chewing and sucking the end of his cock within seconds.

I would have liked to use my mouth on his cock for some time, but I couldn't wait. I put a knee either side of his hips and placed his cock at the entrance to my pussy. You can only imagine how good it felt as it came in. His warm flesh against my recently refreshed pink tube was sensational.

I started to bounce and soon had my juices covering his beautiful black shaft, balls and pubes. The noise of our bodies slapping together became faster and faster. It felt oh so good to have Mickie's cock back inside, I almost lost myself.

I hadn't expected Alex, the roof cameraman to walk into the kitchen. He wasn't carrying his camera. I wondered at first what he wanted.

It didn't take me long to find out. Mickie put his arms around me and pulled my face towards him. My virgin anus was now exposed to Alex's wishes.

Although I wasn't sure that I wanted to. I remained in position while Alex used some of my juices on his fingers so that he could slide what felt like one finger into my back passage. It actually felt quite good. I was so aroused by being impaled on Mickie's cock that I was beginning to want to be ass fucked.

One finger was replaced by two. And two fingers, by the head of his cock. It didn't feel too big as it made its way to the center of my brown starfish. There was certainly some resistance as he pushed but after the first inch it was much easier for me to take. It actually felt quite good to be completely filled. I tried to bounce on Mickie's cock but found it difficult, because of the thing in my ass. So I just concentrated on Alex. If I could get him to come quickly I could enjoy my time with Mickie.

Alex must have been fired up thru all of the filming he had done because I soon heard him grunting. He pulled out in time to shoot his cream over the top of my bum crack. 

Although it probably looked quite dirty for the camera. The feeling of a man's cum running over my anus was not as pleasurable as the feeling I was receiving in my pussy from Mickie.

I pulled myself upright away from Mickie's face so that I could control things. I saw Barry filming my bouncing breasts. I know that he loves to watch them when I am on top of him.

I spotted Phil in the background and knew that however much I wanted Mickie to cum inside me he had to get 'the shot'.

I watched Mickie's face and knew that he was close. My pussy was travelling every wonderful inch of his cock as I bounced on his hips. Faster and faster my breasts bounced.

Then I saw it in his face. I lifted myself off his cock just in time for the first jet. Bang on target. His cum shot straight as an arrow the six or seven inches from the tip of his cock to the round hole that his cock had created in my body. Another jet hit my pubes. I then thought to myself, fuck Phil, and sank back down on Mickie. I felt him cum deep inside. It was gorgeous.

I looked down at Mickie's smiling face and felt so pleased with myself.

There was one last scene to do. I was a bit tender down there so I asked Phil if I could do something other than a pussy fuck.

"Lucky tells me that he has a number of his best customers in Japan. He has asked me how you would feel about a bukkake theme."

"Bukkake, what's that?"

"Its where loads of guys stand around you and spray you with their stuff. Would you have a problem with that?"

"I'm not sure, what would I have to do?"

"Perhaps if you could masturbate or hold yourself open, that sort of thing."

"Well it certainly doesn't sound too difficult."

"Remember that we still need to show the resistant qualities of the swimwear so you will need to pick something where the guys can see your tits and pussy and show how the guys stuff washes off after."

"If I can wear the black see thru bikini with the bandeau top. I think that should work. I can pull the bottoms down or to the side. And the top I can use to cover my eyes."

"Don't you want to see the guys jacking off?"

"Of course I do. But I got an eyeful of stuff once and it stings. I can see through the top. Remember that Carla used it on me before."

Barry then came up with a good idea, 

" Perhaps the boys could approach Crystal as she is lying out in the sun. She could be reading one of those erotic books that girls like to masturbate to. She could have her hand between her legs with a finger against her clit when she is approached by the guys. The guys could grab her. She pretends to resist and they pull her top up over her eyes. At the same time keeping her arms at the side of her face. The guys will be free to pull her bikini bottoms down and see and feel anything that they wish."

"Sounds good to me." Said Phil.

"Yes, let's do it." I said.

I was soon with my hands above my head, with my eyes covered and my bikini bottoms having been taken off and pulled back up just my left leg to my thigh.

The two guys holding my arms had been the assistants to the camera and sound men. Again, although it was supposed to appear that I couldn't see. I saw Joe, the close up camera man approach and stand at my feet. I watch as he slowly unzipped himself and pulled his cock out. It was nearly fully erect and within a few strokes he was at full steam. It looked like a nice cock. It had a lovely mushroom type purple colored head and a smooth thick shaft. I was beginning to wish I said I would do one last fuck.

I kept my knees together, as I slid my feet closer to my hips. I watched Joe's face as I slowly spread my knees as wide as I could. I knew that my pussy lips had opened and could imagine how juicy it looked. How could he resist fucking me?

With what must have been a will of iron he just stared at my pussy and stroked his cock.

One by one, the other behind the scenes staff joined Joe in a circle around me. Barry was the lone cameraman.

I felt so strangely powerful. Knowing that I had the attention of all those men. There must have been eight or ten of them. I knew that the wider apart my legs were the faster they would cum. 

The youngest boy was first. His cum hit me on the left thigh. Then someone on the right, that landed on my stomach. Then a couple at once. I was getting covered in the stuff. Some landed on my face and across the bikini top. It made it more difficult to see thru the material with my right eye. But I could certainly feel it landing.

As one guy squirted his stuff he was replaced with a member of Lucky's staff. I'm sure they were trying to drown me in the stuff. Eventually all except Joe had cum on me. He moved so that his shins were against the end of the sun lounger and he took himself to the edge. He took careful aim, and I kept completely still as his first jet flew towards me. It was like it was in slow motion as it arched towards me. I'm sure that I must have cum shortly after it landed on my pubes and between my open lips as the feeling inside me was incredible. I think his next load only reached the top of my thigh. But the last load was directly on target. All over the bikini bottoms.

After Joe had walked away, I slid the saturated bikini top down over my cum soaked breasts. Then I slid my right foot into the gooey bikini bottoms and pulled it over my cream covered leg until it formed a pool in the crutch of the bikini. The stuff felt cool against my pussy as I pulled it tight into me before I walked towards the pool. I felt the goo drain from my belly button down to the front of the black material.

One last lot dripped from my chin, as I dived in the pool.

I swam a couple of lengths before climbing out of the pool and walking towards, then past, Barry holding the camera.

"Cut. That was fucking fantastic." 

It was some months later that we received an envelope containing a DVD of the shoot. It was entitled 'Crystal cums but once a year.'A poor play on words I thought, but what did I expect.

Although Barry said that I looked and acted fabulous, I felt so embarrassed. I hope that no-one that I know will ever see the film because I behaved so out of character. Having said that, we use the DVD quite often on our sexy evenings in.

We haven't decided yet, whether we will take up the offer of the free trip to one of Lucky's resorts. Sometimes we feel that we should, soemtimes we feel that we daren't.