 "Your ass is mine!" Janine's voice was low and husky in my ear. A shiver ran up my spine as I knelt at her feet. A lock of natural auburn hair came loose from her otherwise severely tight pony tail. When she rose, it brushed against the back of my neck sending a second tremor through me. 

I looked up. My eyes took in her skin-tight outfit, taut butt, the slight gap between her thighs, her flat stomach, firm breasts. She was breathtaking. Janine gazed down at me with a wry smile on her lips and a twinkle in her eyes. Power, authority, challenge radiated out from her and showered down onto me. 

"You think so?" I stood. At five foot-ten inches I was taller than her and it was my turn to look down. She didn't flinch. We held a mutual stare, breathing in sync, muscles flexing, hearts pounding. She poked her finger into my chest, "Show me what you've got." 

Janine was one of the most competitive people I'd ever known, always striving to beat whoever she was with, no matter the situation. She was also playful and generous, and never made her competitor feel bad about losing, which is how things usually turned out. No matter the venue, if one wanted to be with Janine, it meant pushing a boundary. 

I hunched back down and finished tightening the laces on my running shoes. "You'll see it all when we do that race in Charleston. This is practice, and I'm not gonna 'show you what I got' just yet. Besides, I don't want to leave Tina and Mark out." 

Janine, her husband Mark, me, and my wife Tina were part of a running club. We were training for a half marathon in Charleston the following month. Besides running, the four of us had spent a lot of time together, hiking, biking, doing anything physically active. We'd vacationed at the beach, the mountains, and even done overseas travel. Every trip had been an adventure, and had drawn us closer. We shared and talked about everything. The women sometimes swapped clothes (those that fit) and openly talked about us men, what they liked, what they didn't, how we satisfied them, and how we fell short. Double entendres, innuendo, and sexual tension between us often ran high, but we'd never crossed the boundary of being physically intimate together. That was something that would never happen. 

"I can't wait to see it all," Janine quipped and turned to do her pre-run warm up. 

I gazed at her. "That is one fantastic ass, don't you think?" Mark said as he walked up beside me. We watched his wife doing hamstring stretches. 

"Perverts," Tina scolded, and then joined her friend touching toes. 

"Admit it," I called out. "You love it." 

Both women looked at each other, then fully bent over at the waist, gazed back at us and smiled. My heart skipped two beats. 

"What is it with women?" I began. "You wear those skin-tight Lyrica and spandex outfits, that leave nothing to the imagination. Then you go out in public, running or to the gym, bouncing, bending and twisting, showing your bodies in ways that we could never get away with." 

"Just getting an edge over you men. If your eyes are on our asses, that means you're behind us." Janine replied. "Besides, I don't get why you guys wear spandex underwear and then cover it up with baggy shorts. Us girls like to see the goods you know. If you've got it, show it off." 

"Not showing off. It's strictly practical. Keeps the jewels from chaffing." 

Janine finished then stood next to us. "That's what body glide is for. I use it on all my sensitive spots when I run. Without it, after about five miles of my shirt or shorts rubbing, my nipples or pussy positively kill me." 

"Baby, your pussy kills me all the time," Mark kissed Janine. "And sweetie," he said to Tina, "if you want to turn your awesome tits on me, I'd somehow endure the suffering." 

She slapped him playfully. "In your dreams mister, in your dreams." Both women chuckled and walked away. "Yes indeed," Mark said quietly and followed. 

We joined the rest of the group and took off for a six-mile run. Mark and I ran side-by-side behind our wives. The pace was easy enough that we could talk. "You do know that Janine means it, don't you?" Mark said. 

"What's that?" 

"About getting an advantage any way that she can." 

"I don't doubt it." 

"She loves you guys to death, but that wouldn't stop her from doing whatever it takes to win." 

I knew that he was telling the truth. "And just how far would she go?" 

Mark raised an eyebrow. "I have no idea, but be afraid my friend, be very afraid." We laughed and caught up with the girls. 

The rest of the run went by quickly. We had been training quite a while, and the six-miler was pretty easy for us. We chatted the entire time and finished sweaty but not overly tired. 

"You guys want to grab a bite?" Mark asked. 

Tina shook her head. "Sorry, we've got plans." Her gaze shifted to me. I had no idea what she was talking about. 

Janine grinned, understanding Tina the way that only another woman can. "You guys enjoy your plans," she subtly emphasized the last word. "Maybe next time." 

"Yeah," Mark added, "we could make it a foursome." 

"Maybe," Tina said looking intently at him, a twinkle in her eye. She hugged our friends, grabbed my hand, and led us back to our car. 

Out of earshot I asked, "So what plans do we have? I didn't see anything on the calendar." We got into the car. 

My wife smiled. "Babe, I just finished running six miles." She leaned over and slid her hand up the inside of my thigh. Her fingernails scraped along my exposed skin, then up over my Lycra undershorts, and stopped when she cupped my balls. In a flash blood rushed to my genitals. "And my pussy is positively killing me." 

I took a deep breath. "I guess you didn't use body glide." 

"I definitely need some glide now." She griped me tighter and pumped my shaft. "But the kind that I want doesn't come in a tube." My cock grew, straining against the tight fabric. "The kind that I'm craving comes when your hard dick glides in and out of my mouth, then pounds deep into my wet pussy." 

I groaned. The smell of Tina's arousal that filled the car matched her words. She was on fire and it was electrifying. I groaned for another reason too. There wasn't enough room in my snug undershorts for my expanding cock and Tina kept stroking me, stimulating me, making me more and more uncomfortable. I shifted, trying to create space for my swelling member. 

"What's the matter?" Tina cooed as she rubbed me through the nylon. "Having trouble?" Her eyes glittered. 

"These are definitely not the best undershorts for me right now." 

"I think they're perfect." She squeezed me hard. Electric pleasure shot through me, but I was desperate to be released from the painful confines of my running briefs. 

"My pussy needs relief, just like I'm sure that your cock does right now." Incapable of intelligent words, I just nodded in agreement. "You're going to see to me, aren't you?" I vigorously nodded again. "My nipples need attention too. You won't forget them, will you?" I shook my head. "Good!" Tina slid both hands up under the edge of my briefs and tented the fabric away from my agonizingly bound erection. Free from constraint, my cock instantly inflated sending another rush of pleasure through me. I gasped and felt lightheaded for a moment. She grinned at my reaction. "Now drive!" Tina commanded. 

I don't remember the drive back to our home. I do however, remember everything else starting with how we shed our clothes before making it upstairs to the bathroom. Our shower together was sensuous as we soaped and stroked each other into a frenzy until we ran out of hot water, laughing at our teenage lust. I can still picture Tina perched on the edge of the vanity, dripping wet with her legs spread wide while I ravished her swollen pussy with my mouth. She came hard, announcing her climax with a scream. After that, we moved to the bed and continued our carnal fiesta, which ended hours later. Satisfied and worn out, we lay on the rumpled sheets and held each other close. 

"I'm going to need another shower thanks to you," Tina said. "Look at me." Beads of sweat dotted her chest. Her thighs down to her knees were streaked with a combination of her fluids and my cum. 

"I'm not exactly a picture of perfection either. And that's all your fault." I was just as sweaty as my wife and I was coated in a glaze of her dried pussy juice. "Not that I'm complaining mind you." 

"Yeah well, I want a real shower this time. Then I want something to eat." 

"That makes two of us. I'll look for food while you get cleaned up. Then we'll trade places in the shower. Better do it that way or else I might attack you again." I pinched her nipple playfully. Tina swatted my hand away then rolled across me toward the bathroom door. "I'm not afraid of you." She sucked my deflated cock into her mouth for a moment. "You on the other hand, should definitely worry about me." 

Thirty minutes later we were both in the kitchen, clean and scantily dressed, wearing only t-shirts. It was the go-to, after sex outfit that we both enjoyed in our kid-free house, loose, comfortable, and just warm enough. I loved the way Tina's 34 D breasts swayed unrestrained under the cotton. It never failed to get me excited even after a romp like the one we'd just had. My wife liked seeing how my spent cock dangled below the shirt's hem, swinging heavily back and forth. "Reminds me how much I just enjoyed it," she'd said. 

I pulled leftover barbequed ribs and veggies out of the refrigerator and heated them. Two large glasses of ice water along with craft beers sat at our elbows as we devoured the rewarmed food directly out of the storage containers. "Do you ever think about it?" Tina asked sucking bbq sauce off her fingers. Her lips were smeared with the sticky, sweet stuff, and some of it had run down her chin. She was a sexy mess. 

"What's that?" I asked, wiping her chin with a finger, then licking it clean. She didn't flinch. It was the kind of intimacy that we often shared. 

"The four of us. You and me, Mark and Janine?" 

"What about the four of us?" 

"Come on, you aren't that dense, are you?" It was as much an accusation as it was a question. I looked at her completely lost. "Do you honestly mean that you have no idea what I'm talking about?" Tina rolled her eyes. "Oh my god!" She wrapped a hand around her beer glass and took a long drink staring at me over the rim, assessing the sincerity of my proclaimed ignorance. I took a swig of my own beer. She finally said, "Janine wants to fuck you so badly that ..." 

Tina never finished her sentence because I choked and spat out half my beer in surprise. "What?!?" I exclaimed. 

"She's like a freaking cat in heat around you. Wearing low cut tights, swishing her hips back and forth, finding excuses to move close to you. I'm surprised she hasn't ripped off your clothes and fucked you senseless right on the spot." 

I sat stunned as my wife coolly described me having wild sex with her best friend. "You stare at her tits and ass enough that you probably have every curve memorized by now." I blushed. I'd ogled Janine many times, but never thought that I'd been obvious about it. Tina saw my reaction. "Don't worry. She's beautiful and sexy. I look at her plenty of times myself." A tinge of crimson flashed into the tips of her ears and a taut nipple poked against her thin t-shirt. Tina took another bite of her food. "So have you ever thought about the four of us having sex together?" 

I was completely unsure what to say next. Did I think that Janine was sexy? Of course I did. Had the fantasy of hot sex with her ever crossed my mind? Sure it had. Did I think anything like that would ever happen? No way! Tina and I had a rock-solid relationship that included great sex. In no way did I feel that there was anything lacking in that department. So why would I even consider sex with anyone else? But Tina sounded serious. 

"Kind of," I answered half-heartedly. Tina raised her eyebrow at me, a combined expression of disbelief and distain. Silence hung heavily in the room for a moment. "Okay, it has crossed my mind, but only in a never-gonna-happen, teenage wet dream kind of way." 

"So you've never jerked off thinking about her perky breasts, or those rock-hard legs of hers wrapped around you?" Once again I was flabbergasted; I'd done exactly that. I stammered something unintelligible, attempting to defend myself. Tina just smiled. "Would you please just relax already. It's okay. I have no problem at all with you thinking about Janine that way. I've already told you that I know how sexy she is. If you didn't think about her like that I'd be worried about you." I breathed a sigh of relief. "You're mine and I don't worry a bit about losing you to her or anyone else." I reached for her hand and looked her in the eyes. "I'm yours and your mine. Period." We kissed and held each other. 

"Besides," Tina said still clutching me tightly. "I think that Mark has a prime grade A ass. I'm sure it would feel amazing to get my hands on his hard butt, feel it ripple and flex as he rocked his hips back and forth into me." Once again I caught my breath. Tina pulled back from me. "What? You think that you're the only one who has fantasies?" Her words hit home and I admitted to myself what I already knew deep inside; that my amazing wife had desires and flights of fancy just like I did. So why indeed would she think or feel any differently than me? 

"I've seen his cock," I began then quickly added, "Only in the locker room. He's pretty well hung, definitely bigger than me." Tina smiled. "I'm sure that would feel nice, but size isn't everything. I love your dick; how you use it, and what I can do with it." Her eyes twinkled. "Don't get me wrong. It would be something to get my hands on a monster one, see how much of it I could take, wrestle that bad boy into submission." I laughed. "No doubt in my mind that you'd win," Tina grinned, "Damn straight!" 

"What about you?" she asked. "What would you want?" 

"Not Mark's cock," I said firmly. "I didn't think so, but you never know," Tina answered. It was my turn to raise an eyebrow at her. She went on, "I've read that a lot of guys have secret desires to play with another man. That doesn't make them gay or anything, maybe just a little bit bi. As far as I'm concerned if you want to explore that, it's okay by me." I held her hand and locked my eyes on hers. "Baby I love my cock and I respect, maybe even admire, Mark's. But I have no desire to share that with him. Not afraid of it, but I have zero interest in that." 

Tina shrugged accepting my response, "Okay. So what then?" I thought for a moment imagining what it would feel like to have Janine in my arms. Tina was petite and curvy, not fat, but big breasted, with flaring hips and a beautiful round ass. Janine was taller, slender, but not skinny, hard and muscular with no excess fat. Her breasts were B-sized at most, firm, and like Tina described, perky. Her beauty was more severe than my wife's, but equally alluring. However, it was her lips that really got to me. In contrast to the rest of her features, Janine's lips were soft and full. I could only imagine how they would feel pressed to mine, or wrapped around my cock. 

My wife must have read my mind, "She's an incredible kisser you know." My reverie broken I looked over at her with surprise, "When?" I asked. "You remember that time we rented the beach house, the one right on the ocean with the hot tub? It was the night we were drinking pitchers of margaritas and talking about sex. You and Mark left us in the jacuzzi while you went to make more drinks. Janine said something about how much she liked my tits. I told her that I thought her ass was amazing. Before I knew it, we were kissing. We did that until you two came back." She sighed happily at the memory. "And because I know you're wondering, we haven't done anything together since." 

The thought of Janine and Tina making out was powerfully erotic. My mind filled with images of them naked and intertwined. That was quickly followed by visions of me and the two gorgeous women tangled together in carnal knot. 

"I don't know if that will ever happen again. And I'm not sure about going any farther. Me doing anything with Mark, or you with Janine, that's a whole other level. But none of it seems as outrageous to me as it once did." 

"Me either," I added. The truly astonishing thing to me about our conversation wasn't the erotic imagery, but that my wife and I were talking so easily about having sex with our best friends, and that it felt completely natural to do so. We sat together quietly for a moment, processing the implications of what we'd discussed. 

"Now that definitely looks outrageous to me." Tina wrapped her fingers around my rigid cock and broke my reverie. I hadn't even been aware that my erection had returned while we'd talked. "You should take care of that." 

"What do you think I should do?" 

Tina moved to our kitchen table and leaned over gripping the edge. Her butt tilted high in the air as she spread her legs wide apart. The lips of her freshly wet pussy splayed open. With a wicked grin, she looked over her shoulder and said, "I'm sure you'll think of something." 

The next few weeks passed by quickly as we continued to train for the race and live our regular lives. Charleston was a few hours' drive from our hometown and all of us loved the city, so we decided to make a long weekend out of the trip. Tina and Janine found a great condo through Airbnb. The pictures looked fantastic, two bedrooms, two bathrooms with walk-in showers, a full kitchen, and a spacious living room with a real fireplace. It was perfect for us. Janine and Mark were nutrition fanatics, so they planned all the meals that we'd cook in, and also scouted out the best restaurants for us to try. With the four of us working together, everything fell into place nicely. When it was time for us to leave, we were packed and waiting for our friends. They drove up to our house in their well-worn minivan. 

"You still drive that old piece of crap?" I said to Mark. "Your kids moved out years ago." 

"Hey it runs like a top and it's a classic." 

"Classic crap. I'll bet there are still Cheerios stuck between the seats." 

"I'm sure there are. Don't you think the baby puke stains make a nice pattern on the back seat?" Mark had pulled out the third-row seats but kept the middle bench in place. That left a lot of room in the back of the van, and many times it had been put to good use. More than once we'd used the space for elaborate tailgate picnics at concerts and ball games. They had even turned it into a makeshift camper by installing an inflatable mattress. I had put a "No Knocking While This Van is Rocking" bumper sticker on it after hearing about one of their overnight trysts in there. 

"The video system still works and it's a long drive. Janine got some movies for her and Tina. I downloaded some new music onto my iPod for us to listen to while they binge watch," Mark said. 

"Sounds good to me." I threw the last of our bags into the back and climbed into the front passenger seat. Janine and Tina sat together in the single back seat. "Let's hit the road." 

About half way through our drive, Mark and I took a break from the music and chatted. Tina and Janine were piled up on the bench seat behind us, intertwined like a couple of teenagers, earphones tightly in place, eyes glued to the TV screen mounted on the back of the driver's seat. "Oh my god that's so big," Tina said in the slightly too loud voice that people use when wearing headphones. "I'd love to get my hands on one that size," Janine answered. "From what I've heard you do," Tina said back. 

Curious, I leaned over to see what the women were watching. On the screen was a massively endowed guy, his huge cock at full mast as he stood over a bare beauty, on her knees, mouth agape, ready to engulf as much of her partner as she could. The women looked at me with what-did-you-expect grins. Janine turned to Tina, "Wouldn't you like to know?" My wife's ears glowed red. 
