 Chapter 02 - Heading South

After winding up their "get acquainted" weekend trip, Shelley and Jim say goodbye to Shelley's daughter who stopped by for dinner but spent the night getting "acquainted" with Jim. Shelley and Jim plan their trip to the Gulf Coast and head south on their month long journey.

When I woke up on Saturday morning, the sun was already up and there was lots of activity in the RV park. Shelley and Karen soon woke up as well, Shelley commenting, "Good morning Jim, do you have a good night?"

"I had a wonderful night, thank you very much," as I leaned over and gave her a deep kiss on the lips. 

"Mmmmmm, I could wake up to that every morning," Shelley responded. 

"Hey what about me?" complained Karen.

So I rolled over and gave Karen a kiss as well, not as long as I gave Shelley but still quite substantial. Karen whispered in my ear, "Thank you Jim, for the kiss and last night."

"Well, I could use some coffee and a visit to the bathroom, you ladies want to go first?"

Shelley responded, "No you go ahead, Karen and I can wait a few minutes."

I hopped out of bed totally naked but strangely didn't feel self-conscious at all, grabbed some clothes and headed in for a quick shower. In spite of being in pretty good shape, a night of unbridled sex left me a little soar, not having used those muscles in quite a while. A warm shower was going to feel pretty good. I was done and dressed in about ten minutes, feeling much better. I went to the kitchen to get the coffee pot going. Shelley and Karen both entered the shower together and it took a little longer than mine but I didn't hear any hanky-panky so I assumed they got down to business. By the time they exited, coffee was ready along with some warmed up blueberry muffins. We sat at the kitchen dinette and enjoyed our coffee and muffins.

Shelley said, "Karen's heading back this morning, Jim. I assume we are staying for one more day correct?"

"That's the plan unless you want to change it?"

"Oh no, I'm looking forward to it. I just thought maybe after last night you might be having second thoughts about me as a travel companion."

"Shelley will you stop it, I told you last night and I'm telling you right now, I thought last night was wonderful, exciting, sexy, satisfying and a whole lot of fun! Someone else might get a little turned off by what happened, but not me. I'm a guy, and guys like those things but it's more than that. I genuinely like you, I like the way you laugh, the way you talk and especially the way you fuck, if you don't mind me being blunt. So knock off the doubting attitude because there is no doubt in my mind at all."

Shelley put her arms around me, gave me a big hug and said, "OK just checking, I won't ask again. And by the way, I like you too!"

Karen rolled her eyes and said, "OK you guys I'd tell you to get a room but you have this whole fucking RV! But it is sweet to see you having fun. It's been a long time since I've seen Mom so happy. But I have to get going so help me get my stuff loaded up and I'm off."

Shelley and I helped Karen gather her belongings and get them in her car. After hugs and kisses all around, she headed off for home with Shelley promising to call her when she got home tomorrow.

"You up for another walk?" I asked.

"Sure, let's go."

We had a pleasant walk on the beach watching the ore haulers go by along with lots of pleasure boats and the ferries to Mackinac Island. 

"I've been thinking about our next trip, any preferences on where you'd like to go," I asked.

"I wouldn't mind the Gulf Coast you know, the Florida panhandle, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana and on over to Texas, how does that sound?"

"You must be reading my mind, how long of a trip were you thinking?"

"Oh I don't know, do you think we could stand each other for a month?" Shelley said grinning at me.

"Oh I don't know, a whole month having great sex, I don't know if I could take it. How about two months instead," I responded grinning right back.

We both laughed and decided we would play it by ear since in an RV you can do that. After some more discussion, we decided to set a start date for two weeks from Monday. That would give us time to arrange mail and newspaper stoppage, get someone to watch the house and mow the lawn and stuff. By the time we made it back to the RV, we had most of the details worked out and it was time for some lunch.

We ate outside under the awning and enjoyed the view and fresh air. I should also say that we enjoyed each other's company as well. I don't know if it was the fact that we had both been so lonely or if we just "clicked", but whatever it was, I really enjoyed being around Shelley and she felt the same way about me. It was an amazing experience, I felt like I could tell her anything and likewise for her. It was as if we had known each other for years when in fact it had only been a few weeks since our first meeting. 

We drove into town for the afternoon and did some shopping in the cute little tourist shops. Of course we bought some fudge from one of the stores. You can't go to the Mackinac City area without coming away with at least a pound of fudge. We found a nice little diner and had dinner there before heading back to the RV for the night. We watched a little TV on the couch snuggling up against each other before going to bed. Since I invariably wound up naked in bed, I didn't even attempt to where anything as I crawled under the covers. Shelley must have felt the same way because she was already naked when I snuggled up to her.

"Hey girl, want to mess around a little?" I said as I gently stroked her stomach.

"Oh I don't know, what did you have in mind?"

I allowed my hand to slide up and cover one of her breasts pinching her nipple and said, "Oh maybe a little hanky-panky!"

"Hhhmmm, I don't think I know that game can you explain it to me?"

I slid my hand down to her pussy and gently stroked a finger along her slit allowing it to slide into her pussy spreading its moisture around. Shelley let out a brief gasp and responded, "Oh THAT game, I definitely want to play." She rolled up against me and kissed me driving her tongue into my mouth. She groaned a bit as my fingers slid deeper and deeper into her cunt while I let my thumb gently rub her clit back and forth.

When we broke our kiss, I slid down her body to envelop first one nipple then the other using my tongue to flick it back and forth. Shelley really seemed to like that based on the number and volume of groans coming from her. I slid further down her body so that my mouth was even with her pussy lips and gave them a lick with my tongue. Shelley groaned loudly and said, "Oh yes, eat me please, eat my pussy Jim..." I continued my licking, circling around her clit with my tongue them moving down through her slit to the very bottom of her cunt sliding my tongue into her as far as it could go. This brought additional groans from Shelley, much louder this time. I slid two fingers in her hole as I concentrated my licking and sucking on her clit. I could feel her body tense up as I continued sliding my fingers in and out. Very soon Shelley was practically screaming as she reached orgasm, "Oh god, oh fuck, that's it Jim, oh god, oh right there that's it...I'm cccuuummmmiinnnggg..." She convulsed repeatedly as the orgasm swept through her body. I could feel her cunt contracting against my fingers and drenching my hand with her juices until her climax reached its conclusion and Shelley was able to relax in the afterglow.

"Oh god Jim, you really know how to get me off. Wow!"

I gently slid up her body and positioned the head of my cock at the entrance to her cunt. I let it slip in about an inch to get some lubrication around the head then thrust in as far as I could. Shelley gasped, "Oh my god that's good, holy fuck!" I began a gentle rhythm moving slowly in and out gradually increased the speed as Shelley got used to me. 

"Oh god that's good Jim, fuck me doggie style!" I could tell it wasn't a question but a demand based on the tone of her voice. She wanted it and wanted it NOW! I pulled out and helped her turn over and get on her hands and knees before ramming my cock back in from behind. Shelley let out a load groan as I started pumping in and out of her cunt in long forceful strokes. It felt great for me and based on Shelley's verbalizations, felt great for her too. I wanted to hold off my orgasm as long as possible but I felt it approaching in spite of my efforts. 

"I'm going to cum soon baby, I'm almost there."

Shelley had been rubbing her clit herself as I pumped my cock into her and was fast approaching her own orgasm and said, "Oh god Jim fill me up with your cum big boy...fuck me baby, fuck me"

My orgasm exploded spewing my cum into her cunt in spurt after spurt. Shelley also went over the top as her own orgasm consumed her squeezing and massaging my cock in her pussy. When I was finally drained, I collapsed on top of Shelley trying to catch my breath. "Oh god that felt good, my god that was...just amazing," was about all I could get out. As my cock shrunk back down and eventually slipped out of Shelley's pussy I rolled off to lie beside her. 

Shelley simply said, "Perfect...that was absolutely perfect." I couldn't disagree. We fell asleep holding each other that night, not waking until sun up the next day. 

====

We got up the next morning, had a leisurely breakfast and started preparing the RV for the trip home. I had to hook the Jeep back up to the tow bar, reset the braking system, and attach the safety chains and wiring harness. Then it was time to pack up the grill, retract the awning and disconnect the external electric, water and sewer lines. Lastly retract the slide-outs and the leveling jacks. Shelley took care of stowing everything away inside after which we were ready to hit the road.

The drive to Shelley's place was a bit melancholy since our mini-vacation was at an end, but it would be only two weeks before we would head out for our 1-2 month southern trip. Something we were both excited about. When we got to Shelley's house, I helped her unload her stuff, gave her a big hug and kiss and then headed home with the promise to call her once I arrived. 

The next two weeks flew by as I made all the preparations for the trip. Planning the route, locating RV parks along the way, reserving spots for the time we planned on being there, and stocking up on food and supplies. But as the planned leave date approached, the time couldn't go fast enough. I don't know if it was that I missed Shelley or that I was anticipating the trip so much, but I felt like a kid waiting for Christmas to arrive. 

I talked to my kids and let them know that I had met a travelling companion who would be going along on my trip. My son just said, "Oh, that's nice" but my daughter was much more inquisitive wanting to know what she was like, where does she live, how did I meet her, how old was she...you know, typical girl stuff. I suspect she was really trying to determine if there was more than just a "travel companion" interest in her from me. I avoided the issue which probably revealed more of my feelings than if I had just answered the question directly. But at least she seemed pleased that I had found someone regardless of the type of relationship it was. 

Since we were going to be heading south on our trip, we agreed that Shelley should come to my house the night before since she lived in the opposite direction. Sunday afternoon Shelley pulled up with her car full of her stuff for the trip. I knew better than to comment on the amount of stuff she was bringing but fortunately, the RV had plenty of storage space so finding room for everything was not a problem. Once we had everything packed, we settled down for a quick meal and discussed the trip route, our first few stops and things we would like to see along the way. I felt like a little kid I was so excited about the trip and I think Shelley felt the same way. But after a tiring day of packing, storing and planning, we decided to hit the sack and get an early start in the morning. 

After two weeks without her, the ability to snuggle up next to her in bed that night felt wonderful. I think see felt the same way as we kissed like teenagers making out in the back of our dad's car. Shelley reached down and grabbed my rapidly expanding cock as I slid my hand between her thighs to grasp her juicy cunt. 

We both looked at each other, I said, "God I've missed this."

"Me too."

"Shelley, I really want to eat your pussy, would you mind?"

With the speed of a superhero, Shelley flipped her body around so that I was staring at her shaved cunt while she resumed stroking of my cock.

"How's that?" she asked.

I laughed and replied, "My dream has come true!"

We devoured each other at that point in a classic 69 feeding frenzy, licking and sucking until we were both mere seconds away from simultaneous orgasms. I started humping Shelley's mouth as she was rotating her hips against my face. A few second later, I was pumping my cum into her mouth as she rammed her cunt into my face, spewing cunt juice all over. After recovering and catching our breath, Shelley switched back around and I said, "God I missed this!"

"Me too Jim, a lot more than I expected. But is sure is nice to be back in your arms again."

I couldn't have agreed more.

====

We both woke up at the crack of dawn and were excited to get going. We just had coffee since we figured on getting something to eat on the road. I went through our checklist to make sure everything was packed, and the house was secured. We piled in the RV and headed south on our adventure.

The first leg of our journey would take us to Louisville, Kentucky. It was a little farther that I usually travelled in a day, but with Shelley along to keep me company, it didn't seem to matter. On my first long trip with the RV, I quickly discovered that driving more than 6-7 hours a day got real old real fast. I modified my schedule and cut my drive times down to no more than 4-5 hours and extended my stay at each stop from one day to two or three which made the trip much more enjoyable. This first leg was around five and a half hours which seemed reasonable.

The drive itself was fairly uneventful with only one significant road construction slowdown in central Indiana. That's one thing you can count on whenever you travel long distance...orange barrels. We arrived at our chosen RV park around 3:30 PM pretty much right on time. Shelley and I went into the office to check-in. We were greeted by an absolutely beautiful woman wearing a revealing tank top and short shorts. She looked to be about 40 years old and I couldn't see an ounce of fat on her. I know I stared at her but I think Shelley stared as much as I did. She was very pleasant and got us checked in and assigned to a spot compatible with our RV. She then said, "If you'll follow me, I'll lead you to your spot."

She went outside and got into a golf cart and motioned for us to follow. She led us to our spot in such a way that we could easily negotiate all the turns with no need to back up which was impossible with my Jeep in tow. She guided us into our spot and made sure we were positioned appropriately for the electric, water and sewer hookups. Once we were parked, she walked over to us and said, "OK then if there is anything you need or want, please don't hesitate to call or stop by. I'm off at 7:00 PM but if you need anything, anything at all, just let me know."

I got the distinct impression that she wasn't talking about assistance with the RV. Shelley spoke up and said, "Once we get everything set up, why don't you stop by for a glass of wine once you get off work."

"Oh that sounds nice, I'd like that a lot. By the way, my name is Sally."

"Nice to meet you Sally, I'm Shelley and my travel mate here is Jim," as she grabbed my arm in hers.

"Nice to meet you as well, later" and she drove back to the office.

"Well what was that all about?" I asked Shelley. 

"Hey 'Mr. Haven't Had a Date in Ten Years', that was a woman trying to pick us up. She was pretty slick about it too but not that subtle."

"Guess I'm a little out of practice picking up on social queues like that. So she wants to have sex with us? Is that what you got?"

"Yep, I'm pretty sure, would you mind if that happened?"

"Uh, no not at all, I'm just a little flabbergasted by the situation. This is like one of my fantasies come true."

"Oh really, have you fantasized about me doing nasty things too?"

"Oh course, I'm a guy and we're always thinking about doing nasty things, especially with someone as gorgeous as you." As I said that I rapped my arms around her, pulled her close and gave her a big kiss.

"Hhhmmm, oh please fantasize some more, I want to hear all your fantasies. Then we can act them out."

"OK anytime, but let's get the RV set up first." I gave her a gentle slap on her butt and pulled away to get started.

By 5:00 PM, everything was set up and dinner was ready. They sat down outside and had a pleasant meal enjoying the warm air. The park was about one half filled and they had no immediate neighbors so things were pretty quiet except for the occasional dog walker, jogger, or kids riding bikes. Just after 7:00 PM, Sally showed up and joined Shelley and me on the patio. As I mentioned earlier, Sally was a beautiful woman, stood about 5'4" tall, with a slim body but curves in the right spots. Her breasts weren't large but proportionate to her size and it was obvious she wasn't wearing a bra. I knew she was wearing one earlier so she had obviously taken it off before meeting us this evening. (A social queue I didn't miss this time) She had long black hair and a great smile. I poured her a glass of wine and we sat a talked for a while. She asked where we were from and where we were headed, typical traveler talk. Then she asked Shelley, "You referred to Jim as your 'travel mate' earlier, does that mean you not married?"

I explained how we met and hit it off and were traveling together for the companionship and sharing of adventures.

"Oh really, that sounds so exciting. What kind of adventures are you looking for?"

"Just about anything that's not too dangerous or illegal. Beyond that, nothing's off limits as far as we're concerned," Shelley responded. The sexual tension was palpable. Shelley had apparently judged Sally and her intensions correctly because of what happened next. 

Sally said, "Well I might be able to help there," and got up and walked over to me, sat on my lap and gave me a deep open mouth kiss allowing her tongue to explore my mouth. 

As we broke the kiss, I said, "Hhhmmm that was very, very nice but I think Shelley would also like some of that."

Sally squealed with delight, got up and walked over to Shelley, knelt down in front of her and gave her a deep kiss while gently massaging Shelley's inner thighs nearly touching her pussy in the process. Shelley responded by grabbing the back of Sally's head and pulling her tighter to her as their kiss became more passionate. I could hear muffled moans coming from both of them as they continued to make out. I finally interrupted saying, "Perhaps we might want to take this inside since this is a little public out here."

"Yeah OK, you're probably right," Sally replied. They broke their kiss and stood up with Shelley coming over and grabbing my hand and giving me a sweet kiss on the cheek. We walked over and entered the RV. With the three of us standing in the kitchen, we started kissing, hugging, feeling and exploring each other's bodies. I immediately went for Sally's tits and was rewarded by solid handful of breast that was not too soft but plenty firm. Shelley was pulling Sally's tank top up and had her lift her arms so she could take it all the way off. We were both treated to the site of Sally's breasts swinging free. Shelley and I each grabbed a nipple and began licking, sucking and lightly biting until Sally was moaning wildly. 
