 After an exciting week in Orlando, Jim and Shelley travel to St. Petersburg for what they hope will be a more relaxing time. But relaxing just isn't in the cards for this couple as they encounter a sexy waitress and some of her randy friends before heading home. 

Many thanks to LarryInSeattle for his patience and perseverance in editing my stories. 

***** 

We woke up Thursday morning, and started packing everything up for our short drive from Orlando to St. Petersburg which should take only about two hours. We didn't leave until 11:00 a.m., which gave us plenty of time to make the leisurely drive with a lunch break included. 

We arrived at the RV park in St. Petersburg, Florida around 2:00 p.m., checked in, and were assigned a space close to the pool, hot tub, and office. It was a beautiful and well maintained park with friendly staff. We got everything set up, the Jeep unhooked, and made a quick trip to the grocery store to stock up for the week. We had a light dinner and then took a walk around the park to check out the facilities. The park catered to tourists more than "snowbirds", but that was OK with us. The guest population was younger with more kids, but we enjoyed the sounds of children playing and having a good time. We met some guests along the way and stopped to talk with a few, but most were either considerably younger or very much older. We didn't seem to have much in common with any of them. We spent the rest of the evening taking care of personal business, paying bills, checking on stuff back home, and reading email. I let my kids know where we were and how things were going (without revealing all the great sex we'd been having) and told them about when we would be home. 

We decided to hit the sack early since tomorrow would be a day of exploration, checking out the area. 

========== 

Friday we got a late start after a morning romp in the hay. Not unusual for us but with only the two of us, it almost felt lonely. But that didn't take anything away from the great orgasms we both had. Once cleaned up and dressed, we headed for Pier 60 in Clearwater, just a bit north of our RV park. The pier is over 1000 feet long and boasts excellent fishing along with shops and stores in covered pavilions. We did some shopping and sightseeing but mainly just enjoyed the view and sea air. 

We found a nice restaurant for a late lunch right across the street from our RV park. It was one of those chains that you see in tourist destinations, but with great food. We were shown to a quiet booth in a secluded part of the restaurant. After our early morning coupling, Shelley had been randy all morning. Her normally innocent touchy-feely behavior was turned up a notch and soon after being seated, her hands started wandering down my body to my crotch. Just when she started massaging my cock through my pants, the waitress showed up to take our order. 

Our waitress was quite the looker. Her short shorts and tight t-shirt top revealed a hot body, great tits, and nicely tanned legs. She was probably in her mid-thirties with short brown hair and an athletic, healthy look to her. She introduced herself as Michelle. 

This particular restaurant has the waitress sit down at the table with you to explain the specials and take your order. So when she sat down next to me, she could easily see Shelley massaging my cock. She was startled at first but quickly recovered and gave us her standard spiel listing the specials and other non-standard additions to the menu. She looked directly at Shelley and gave her a knowing smile as she spoke and allowed her hand to drop down below the table and brush up against my leg. After she took our order, she asked, "Is there anything else I can do for you...anything at all?" 

I replied, "I think we're OK for now Michelle, but check back a little later." 

"OK, let me put your order in." Before she got up, she gave my leg a little squeeze and then left. 

"Wow, what was that all about?" I asked Shelley. 

"I'd say our waitress wants to come out and play." 

"I wouldn't mind playing with her, either," I commented. 

Shelley gave my growing hard on a little squeeze and smiled. "I can tell." 

Several times during our meal, Michelle stopped by to check and see if the food was OK and if we needed anything else. She did this by sitting down next to me and putting her hand on my leg, leaving it there the whole time. She also asked questions about where we were from, where we were staying, and for how long. We told her we were staying at the RV park right across the street and invited her over after she got off work. Her eyes lit up on hearing that and said, "Oh, that would be really nice, I get off at 3:00, would that be OK?" 

I said, "Sure that would be perfect." I gave her instructions on how to get to our RV and the lot number where we were parked. She leaned over and gave me a peck on the cheek and said she would see us soon. She gave my leg another squeeze before getting up and leaving. 

I looked over at Shelley who smiled and said, "Smooth, very smooth. Well done, honey!" 

I paid our bill and added a very generous tip for Michelle as we left for home. Just after 3:00, Michelle drove up in an old beat up pickup, parked, and hopped out. "Hi guys, wow, what a nice RV, can I have a tour?" 

"Sure, come on in," as I held the door open for her. I gave her a quick tour, leading her around with a hand on her shoulder, letting it slide down her back occasionally. Since I knew a tour is not what she really wanted, I lead her back to the couch where we all took a seat with her between Shelley and me. I kept my hand on the back of her neck and just came right out and said, "I'm just going to say this directly, I want to fuck you and Shelley does too. Are you game?" 

"Oh yes, I'm definitely game for both of you. That's why I'm here." She leaned over and gave me a kiss on the lips allowing her tongue to tease mine. She broke the kiss and turned to Shelley and repeated the kiss with her. Shelley reached up and massaged her large breasts and Michelle responded by doing the same to Shelley. Soon both girls had their tops off exposing two sets of massive tits. I got up and removed Michelle's shorts and panties and let them drop to the floor, uncovering her delightful pussy, neatly trimmed pubic hair, and nice ass with absolutely no tan lines. I pushed her back down on the couch and knelt between her spread legs. I leaned in and licked her cunt lightly, inhaling her intoxicating aroma as she let out a quiet moan. 

I continued my pussy licking while Shelley concentrated on Michelle's upper half. When I peeked, they were kissing deeply and tonguing each other while Shelley massaged Michelle's breasts, tweaking her nipples. I heard Michelle tell Shelley to straddle her so she could eat her pussy. Shelley stood up, dropped her shorts and panties, then stood on the couch, bringing her cunt to eye level with Michelle. She grabbed Shelley's ass and pulled her towards her mouth. Michelle began eating Shelley, sucking on her clit and ramming her tongue in as far as she could. Both women were now groaning while having their pussy's licked and getting close to coming. I could feel Michelle's body tense up as her excitement grew until she finally boiled over in the throes of an orgasm. She moaned loudly into Shelley's pussy which sent her over the edge, too. 

When both girls settled down, Shelley looked at me, smiled and said, "Well don't just sit there, fuck this girl, fuck her hard and long..." 

"Yes ma'am, right away," giving her a mock salute. I looked at Michelle who was smiling and mouthing the words, "Fuck me." 

I said, "Let's go back to the bed where it's a little more comfortable and I can ram it in good and hard!" 

"Oooooo, I like that idea a lot." 

When I got her on the bed, I put her on her hands and knees and got behind her. Her cunt was nice and wet and waiting to be entered. I slid in slowly, about two inches worth, letting her adjust and then slid in the rest of the way. Michelle groaned, "Oh god that feels so nice...fuck me Jim...fuck me hard..." 

As I thrust into Michelle, Shelley crawled underneath her and started licking her clit as I was pumping in and out. Michelle moaned louder and louder as my thrusts and Shelley's licking sent her over the edge several times with mini orgasms. She finally said, "Oh my god, stop, I'm too sensitive right now, I can't take it..." I pulled out of her which, given my proximity to Shelley's mouth, resulted in her sucking me in and cleaning up Michelle's juices. God, it felt so good. 

But I wanted Shelley's pussy encasing my cock so I flipped her around and entered her from behind, picking up the pace of my thrusts. Without any additional stimulus needed, Shelley burst into orgasm and began thrusting back against my cock moaning out loud, "Oh god...oh Jim...I love this...oh fuck..." That sent me over the edge as I sprayed my cum in her pussy. 

When she settled down, I pulled out and laid down on the bed between the two women. They both snuggled up to me. I couldn't think of anything to say that could describe what I felt, so I didn't say anything, I just smiled. We all drifted off for a short nap. 

When I awoke, the girls were both gone but I heard the shower running and giggles coming from the bathroom. That was explanation enough for what was going on. I got up and threw on some clothes and relaxed with a cold beer. When the girls emerged from the bathroom, they were naked but wrapped in towels and they joined me on the couch. Shelley told Michelle, "Tell him what you told me earlier, Michelle." 

"Tell me what?" I asked. 

Michelle explained, "In my apartment complex, we have a party once a month at the community room that tends to get pretty wild. And by wild I mean everyone having sex either in private meeting rooms or the public community room. I guess you could call it a swinger's party because that's what it really is. Have you guys ever done anything like that?" 

I looked at Shelley and smiled, "Well let me tell you a story..." and proceeded to tell her about our adventures on our trip, including the Roman Weekend, the two New York girls we met in New Orleans, the RV park attendant in Louisville, and the couple in Orlando." 

"Wow, and I thought I was adventurous! You guys make me look like a virgin! Well then, would you like to come to the party as my guests? The next one is tomorrow night." 

Shelley and I looked at each other and nodded. "Sure, that sounds like fun!" I responded. 

"Great, I'll pick you up tomorrow around 7:00 p.m. Is that OK?" 

"OK," I replied. "But does that mean that our fun's over for today?" 

"Not if I can help it. I still want to eat some more pussy and have you ram that nice fat cock in me again." 

I took a shower and met the two women in the bedroom. I almost had to tear them apart from one another as they were deep in a classic 69 and didn't want to be interrupted. After just sitting there and watching for about 10 minutes, the girls finally broke apart after multiple orgasms. Michelle slid over, took my cock in her mouth, and started deep throating me. 

We continued our sexual marathon for another hour, fucking and sucking in just about every position imaginable until our bodies just gave out. Michelle got dressed and said she'd be back tomorrow at 7:00 p.m. to pick us up. She headed home in her pickup. Shelley and I grabbed a late night snack and went to bed for some much needed rest. 

========== 

The next morning, I got up and made coffee while Shelley took a shower and got dressed. When she sat down for some breakfast, I asked, "Well this party should be interesting, are you sure you're up for this?" 

"Oh yeah, I'm sure, all that new dick and juicy pussy...I can hardly wait!" 

I just laughed and said, "Sex fiend!" 

We didn't do much the rest of the day—spent some time at the pool and did some laundry. We ate a light dinner and got ready for Michelle to pick us up. Shelley wore a bright red sundress that I had never seen before, figuring she must have bought it in Orlando when she and Karen went shopping. It was gorgeous, very flattering for her figure, and showed a lot of cleavage and leg. I chose to go with a simple polo shirt and khaki pants. Michelle did say there was a pool available for the party but no suits were allowed, so that was one less thing to worry about. 

Michelle picked us up at precisely 7:00 p.m., commented on Shelley's sexy outfit, and drove us to her place. Her pickup may have looked beat up on the outside but the interior was surprisingly well maintained with a number of updates—GPS, CD player, satellite radio, and a few other gadgets. 

The party was being held in the apartment complex's community center. It was near the center of the complex with a combination indoor/outdoor pool, large common room, and a number of smaller meeting rooms. Michelle explained the common room was where everyone socialized and included a well-stocked bar while the smaller meeting rooms provided some privacy for sex. The meeting rooms all had mattresses on the floor along with a supply of condoms, lube, and towels. The pool could also be considered a meeting room because it included a number of mattresses and was already in use by two couples having sex when Michelle showed it to us. She also explained the rules, which were pretty standard for a swinger's club—no means no being the most important, an open door on a meeting room meant you were welcome to join in, a closed door meant do not enter. 

When we were done with the tour, Michelle introduced us around. The guests included couples of all age groups from those in their twenties to one couple who I would guess were in their seventies. Everyone was clean cut, well dressed, and I noticed quite a few women I wouldn't mind fucking tonight. 

We were standing in the community room talking with Michelle when a young couple came up and said hi. They appeared to be in their early thirties, the woman was dressed in an almost shear black dress that revealed she wasn't wearing any undergarments. The man was wearing tight fitting polo shirt, displaying a well rippled chest. 

"Hello, I'm Janice and this is Jake. You must be new here." 

"Yes, we're guests of Michelle who we got to know quite well yesterday. I'm Jim and this is Shelley." 

"Well Jim, I wouldn't mind getting to know you quite well right now. What do you say, would you like to visit one of our meeting rooms?" 

"Sure let's go." She grabbed my arm and whisked me off to the nearest room. 

The room was occupied by two couples but there was plenty of room for us. Janice turned around and devoured my mouth with hers, thrusting her tongue in me as she groped for my cock. I deftly unfastened her dress allowing it to fall to the floor, exposing her glorious naked body. She looked stunning with nice firm tits, a shaved pussy, and not an ounce of fat anywhere. She loosened my pants and slid them down and removed my shirt. With both of us naked, I pulled her down to the nearest mattress, settled between her spread legs, and started eating her beautiful pussy. She moaned and wrapped her legs around my head to prevent me from pulling away, even though that was the furthest thing on my mind. I continued licking her, teasing her clit as I rammed two fingers into her cunt. She moaned, "Oh yes, fuck that's nice...oh fuck yes...eat me...eat my cunt..." 

After several minutes, Janice exploded with a massive orgasm, squirting her juices into my mouth, flooding it with girl cum while screaming that she was coming. Her legs tightened around my head and pulled me hard against her cunt until her orgasm subsided and she released me. She leaned back on her elbows and said, "Oh my god, Jim, that was one hell of an orgasm you gave me, holy shit that was good." 

"I still want to fuck your pussy so don't think you're done," I said, smiling. 

"Oh god, I'm yours. Stick that hard, fat cock in me and fuck me good." 

And I did just that. I got off rather quickly thanks to Janice's dirty talk and the site of two other couples in the room fucking like crazy. It was a huge orgasm for me as I squirted my hot cum all over her tits and stomach at Janice's request. She came again, too just as my orgasm exploded. 

We cleaned up, got dressed, and returned to the community room. I didn't see Shelley around and figured she was off with Jake or Michelle or both. I walked over to the bar and got a drink and surveyed the crowd. I saw several women who looked stunning and a couple who had already discarded their clothes entirely. I could tell this party was going to get pretty wild, so I had better pace myself if I wanted to last. 

Just then I saw Shelley emerging from one of the meeting rooms with Jake. Shelley saw me and walked over. "How did it go?" I asked. 

"Jake was fine, but Michelle turned into a real sex monster. She couldn't get enough pussy or cock and is still in there sucking and fucking," she said. Then she surveyed the crowd and realized what I had earlier, this place was going to be hopping very soon. 

"Wow, I guess we'd better pace ourselves," she said. 

"I was just thinking the same thing." Then two nearly naked, sexy women came up to us and asked if we'd like to visit one of the meeting rooms. I told them maybe later, that I needed some time to recover. They understood and moved on. 

"Wow, you're turning down sex with those two hot and horny looking women?" 

"Unbelievable isn't it? But I'm just thinking of the long haul, I need to pace myself." 

"Jeez, you make it sound like work!" she laughed. 

We both had a drink and in about 15 minutes I was ready to go again. Shelley agreed. I spotted the same two women and told them that if they were still interested, we were ready to go. They nearly jumped us right there but held off just long enough to haul us back into one of the meeting rooms. They introduced themselves as Ann and Betty. They were both about the same height. Ann was a bottle blond, while the Betty was a natural brunette. Ann sidled up to Shelley while Betty wrapped her arms around me and started kissing me hard, jamming her tongue in my mouth and grinding her body against mine. I looked over and saw Ann doing the same to Shelley. Soon we were all naked lying on one of the mattresses and sucking and fucking like animals. Shelley was in a 69 with Ann while I was pounding my cock into Betty. I held off my orgasm but gave Betty a couple of massive ones. Then Shelley and I switched and I fucked Ann hard and fast, giving her several massive orgasms. We thrashed around on the mattress until we were totally spent. 

We all sat up and talked for a few minutes. It turns out the two women were next door neighbors and loved coming to these parties because their husbands pretty much ignored them at home. Looking at these two sexy women, I found that hard to believe but I wasn't complaining. Shelley and I said our thanks and goodbyes and moved back to the community room. Michelle showed up totally naked and looking a little worse for wear. I asked her, "Are you OK?" 

"Oh yeah, just a little worn out, but I'll be back up to speed in a few minutes." She grabbed a bottle of water, downed it, and was approached almost immediately by two men who dragged her off to a meeting room. Of course, Michelle wasn't complaining and looked excited for the next round. Oh, the benefits and resilience of being young! 

As we stood there, a young woman who looked to be barely 20 approached me and asked if I'd be interested in a meeting room session. I looked at Shelley and she said, "Go ahead, I'm going to skip this round. Have fun!" 

I told the girl, "Lead the way." She smiled broadly and led me to an empty meeting room and closed the door behind us. 

"There, that will give us some real privacy. By the way, my name is Angel." 
