 After the adventures in New Orleans, our intrepid couple reverses direction and heads to Orlando, Florida. OK, not exactly on the Gulf Coast but how can you go to Florida and not visit Disney World and Universal Studios. After all, Jim and Shelley are kids at heart, but always manage to have some adult fun along the way. And once again they meet some interesting people. 

Apologies to those readers who caught my geography faux pas in Chapter 01 mistaking Panama City for Pensacola. The fictional RV park and Roman Weekend is supposed to be located near Pensacola and not in Panama City. Oops! 

A special thanks once again to LarryInSeattle for his excellent editing. Any and all constructive criticism is welcome. 

***** 

Our trip from New Orleans to Orlando took two days with a stopover in Tallahassee. We arrived at our RV park southwest of Orlando on Thursday, checked in, and parked in our assigned space. The park was relatively large with over 200 spots for RVs and it was pretty full when we arrived. We would be staying here for a week so the set up was similar to Pensacola and New Orleans. The nice thing about where we were staying was its location—Disney World, Universal Studios, Kennedy Space Center, plus many great restaurants, and night clubs were within easy driving distance. 

Once we got everything set up, I said to Shelley, "How about a walk around the park so we can get a feel for the place?" 

"Great idea." And we headed off. 

Being inland, there was no ocean view but there was a small manmade lake next to the park that provided recreational fishing for guests. The park had two large pools, one for kids and the other for adults, a spa, community room, gym, laundry, and store—pretty much standard amenities at an RV park. We stopped off at the adult pool for a while and talked with some other guests who were here for Disney World, Universal Studios, or both. We met one couple a little younger than us, Gerry and Izzy, who were on their first vacation in over five years and were glad to be away from the rat race of life back in Atlanta. We explained our travel situation and plans and they were envious of our carefree lifestyle. Turns out they were just two spaces away from our RV so we promised to stop by. I did notice that Izzy was giving me the once over during our talk and Gerry was doing the same to Shelley. Guess I'm getting better on picking up on social cues! 

When we stated walking back, I mentioned to Shelley, "Wow, did you see them checking us out?" 

Shelley giggled and said, "So you noticed huh? You're getting better at this and yes, I did notice. I also noticed quite a lump in Gerry's bathing suit." 

"Ah-ha, does someone have the hots for Gerry?" 

"No, but I think he has the hots for me!" Shelley said smiling, "And from the way Izzy was checking you out, I'd say she has the hots for you as well." 

"Well, this could make for an interesting week." 

I was thinking, how does this stuff keep happening to us? I couldn't have dreamed up this much sex if I tried. I mean, come on, first we fuck an employee at the RV park in Louisville, then we spend three days at an orgy in Pensacola, then hook up with two bi-sexual hotties in New Orleans, and now we might have another couple wanting a little hanky-panky. Plus Shelley's daughter will be visiting soon. I have to keep pinching myself to make sure I'm not dreaming! 

After dinner and clean up, Shelley and I sat out on the patio enjoying the warm night and a glass of wine after dinner. "So any preference on where you'd like to go tomorrow?" I asked. 

"Let's do Disney tomorrow and Universal on Saturday." 

"Sounds like a plan." 

After another glass of wine, we went to bed early ensuring we were well rested for tomorrow's adventure at Disney World." 

========== 

We were up bright and early and off. We arrived at Disney World just as the gates opened and enjoyed the morning at the Magic Kingdom, visiting attractions like the Haunted Mansion, the Jungle Cruise, Pirates of the Caribbean, and the Big Thunder Mountain Railway. I think it was as much fun watching the children enjoying the rides as it was for us. We had an enjoyable lunch then headed over to Disney's Hollywood Studios for the Twilight Zone Tower of Terror and the Star Tours ride. After a little shopping at the gift stores, (I like to collect coffee mugs) and viewing a few more of the sights, we decided to head back to the RV, totally tired of walking. 

Back at the RV, we fixed a light dinner and relaxed sitting on the patio, enjoying a glass of wine. Gerry and Izzy walked by and we asked them to join us. I got them some wine and we talked about our day at Disney World. Gerry asked about our trip so far and I explained we had just left New Orleans where we stayed for a week and before that we were in Pensacola. 

Gerry asked, "Oh what was that like?" 

I was a little reluctant to bring it up by finally said, "Well the RV park where we stayed has this annual event called the Roman Weekend. We didn't know it when we made our reservations and were quite surprised by the nature of this event. 

"Oh really, what was it like?" 

"Well, it was an adult event involving orgies and couples swapping partners," I replied bluntly waiting for the reaction. 

"No shit, really? Did you hear that Izzy? They were at an orgy and swinger's party. Wow!" Gerry exclaimed. 

Izzy asked, "Really, did you guys participate—I mean did you like swap partners and stuff?" 

Shelley interrupted, "Yes we did eventually. We were a little reluctant at first but once we loosened up, it turned out to be a lot of fun. It was a bit of a surreal experience but one we'll never forget. We even had some fun with a couple of girls at the New Orleans RV park last week." 

"Really, wow, that sounds exciting," Izzy replied. "Gerry and I have talked about doing something like that from time to time but never had the opportunity. At home we're always so busy with work and stuff. This is our first vacation in over five years. So tell me, what was it like?" 

Shelley responded, "It was actually pretty hot. Our first experience was with a couple of seasoned swingers who showed us around the park and sort of broke the ice. Our next couple was like you and Gerry. They were new to the swinging scene and nervous but willing. By the end of the night, they were experienced swingers, loving every minute of it." 

Izzy just nodded her head and looked over at Gerry saying, "Have you been listening to this honey?" 

Gerry nodded and replied, "Yeah and it's making me hot." 

Everyone was getting hot and the growing bulge in Gerry pants was proof that he was turned on. Shelley looked at me and winked. I winked back as my own lump was beginning to show. Shelley stood up and walked over to Gerry and said, "You appear to have a slight problem there Gerry, why don't you come with me into RV and see if I can't help you out with it?" 

Gerry looked a little stunned and looked at Izzy. Izzy replied, "Go ahead, have some fun, I fully intend to. We're on vacation, let's make it one we'll remember." Shelley took his hand and led him into the RV. 

Izzy looked over at me and said, "You know my RV is just two spots away. Would you like a tour?" 

"I would absolutely love a tour," and stood up extending my hand to Izzy as we walked to her RV hand-in-hand. 

Izzy seemed a bit nervous when we entered her RV. She turned to face me as I leaned over and kissed her softly on her lips. She hesitated for a second then started kissing back, gradually increasing the pressure and intensity. Our tongues explored each other's mouths as I pulled her body against mine. Izzy was quite tall, around 5'9", black hair, a curvy body, medium size breasts, and a big butt. Her face was what I would call stunning. I moved my hand down and pulled her against me, allowing her to feel my growing hard on pressed against her. Her first moan escaped her lips when I rubbed my crotch against hers, pulling her ass harder against me. 

We broke the kiss and she said, "This is the first time I've ever done anything like this so I'm a little nervous." 

"Don't worry Izzy, you don't have to do anything you don't want to. If there's something I do that you don't like, just say no." 

She smiled and said, "Well that could be a problem, because so far, I've loved everything you've done and I would like you to do a lot more, so follow me back to the bedroom." 

When we got there, I started undressing myself, while Izzy just stood there and watched. When I was totally naked, I started undressing Izzy. She was just staring at me and more specifically my stiff cock marveling at its size. She said, "My god, Gerry isn't nearly this big," and grasped it gently. 

"It doesn't have to be big to be effective..." 

"Oh I know and Gerry uses his very well to fuck me hard, but I've never had a cock so large and thick. This is going to be fun!" 

I continued to undress her and surveyed every inch of her body as I unwrapped it. Her breasts were very firm and barely drooped at all when I removed her bra. Her pussy was completely shaved and I could already see she was getting wet. I said, "My god you have a beautiful body." She smiled and dropped to her knees and took my cock in her mouth, licking the head then sucking as she moved it in and out while stroking me with her hand. Her blowjob went on for another five minutes before I had to stop her so I didn't shoot too soon. I got her up on the bed on her back and positioned myself between her legs with my head hovering over her cunt. 

I love eating pussy, especially a new one for the first time. Izzy's pussy looked delicious with small thin outer lips hiding her clit and love tunnel inside. I lowered my head and licked her while I inhaled her aroma. She smelled wonderful—clean, fresh, and musky. I resumed my licking, pressing my tongue past her outer lips. I let it feel its way around locating her clit and love tunnel. Izzy was moaning and groaning as my explorations continued. "Oh god, Jim that feels so nice, oh my god, so nice..." I periodically flicked my tongue over her clit getting a strong reaction. I slipped two fingers into her pussy moving them in and out while continuing to lick her clit. 

"Oh god, keep doing that...ram your fingers in my cunt...oh just like that...oh fuck," Izzy moaned. I could feel her approaching orgasm as her body tightened up and her cunt muscles squeezed my fingers. Then she burst with a loud groan saying, "Oh my god I'm coming...oh fuck that's good...oh my god that's so good...oh fuck..." Her pussy repeatedly squeezed and released my fingers as her orgasm gradually diminished to a feeling of pure bliss. 

When she caught her breath and her body relaxed, I moved up and kissed her on the lips, allowing her to taste her own pussy. Izzy, still panting a bit said, "Oh my god...I don't think...I've ever...had an orgasm...like that before...that was unbelievable."  

"What, doesn't Gerry perform oral sex on you?" 

"Yeah he does but not for very long, he says he doesn't really like it." 

"Well that's too bad, you need to convince him otherwise. Personally, I love eating pussy and can never get enough. I could eat your tasty snatch all night long." 

"Well you can eat my pussy anytime you want." 

"I have other things I'd like to do first—like fuck your brains out!" I said laughing. Izzy laughed as well and spread her legs displaying her agreement. 

I positioned my cock at the entrance to her pussy and slowly slipped it in. With Izzy not being used to my size, I went slow, making sure there was plenty of lubrication before sliding more and more in. Izzy moaned every time I slid in further, but didn't object. She responded with, "Oh so good...keep doing that...it's so good...fill me up with your fat hard cock..." When I was all the way in, I let it rest for a minute then began slowly stroking in and out. Izzy kept repeating, "Oh, god you feel so good inside me, you're stretching me out, it feels so good..." 

I gradually increased my tempo and the force of my thrusts as Izzy started thrusting back. Soon we reached a compatible tempo that allowed me to rub my pubic bone against her clit, providing further stimulation. After several more minutes, I felt Izzy building towards another orgasm as her cunt muscles locked around my cock and she arched her back, as she prepared to explode. Feeling this, I let myself go, pounding my cock into her as fast as I could feeling my own orgasm building. Then, as Izzy's orgasm hit, she screamed, "Oh fuck...oh fuck...I'm coming...Oh god, so good, oh god..." 

That was all I needed to start shooting my hot cum into her. I shot stream after stream, filling her up while she spasmed around my cock. Izzy cried, "Ohhhh, so hot...your cum feels so hot in me...fill me up...give it all to me..." I couldn't talk myself, as my orgasm overpowered me. 

When we both caught our breath, I laid down next to her on the bed. "So was you're first swapping experience everything you thought it would be?" I asked. 

"Oh my god, it was amazing. I think Gerry and I are going to be doing a lot more of this!" 

We got dressed and went out and relaxed on the patio. In a few minutes, Shelley and Gerry walked up smiling. Izzy asked Gerry, "Well stud, did you have a good time?" 

Gerry smiled and said, "Oh god yes, you've got some woman here, Jim!" 

I just smiled as did Shelley. 

When we walked back to our RV, I asked Shelley how it went with Gerry. She said, "He needed a lot of instruction on what to do. He apparently didn't like eating pussy until I taught him how to do it properly but once he caught on, he did a pretty good job. How did it go with Izzy? 

"Her reactions confirmed what you just said. When I ate her she went wild and couldn't get enough. I think the next time those two have sex, things will be a bit different." 

========== 

Saturday morning, we were up bright and early for our trip to Universal Studios. We got there soon after the gates opened. We marveled at the displays and thoroughly enjoyed the Harry Potter, Transformers, and Spider Man rides. We also took in the Eighth Voyage of Sinbad Stunt Show along with Universal's Cinematic Spectacular and of course, Universal's Superstar Parade. 

We enjoyed lunch at the Hard Rock Café and finished off the day with a couple of drinks at the Red Coconut Club. All in all, it was an exciting but tiring day. By the time we made it back to our car and drove back to the RV park, we were beat. After a light dinner, we caught up on email with our kids. Shelley mentioned that Karen would be here on Tuesday and we were both excited about that. We were dead tired then and hit the sack early. 

========== 

Sunday was another maintenance day, or as the New York girls called it, "Get the shit out." We cleaned, changed the sheets, did laundry, and got groceries. Once we had all the chores done, we decided to head for the pool and relax. Of course, we would have to wear suits this time! 

The pool was not busy at all, I suspect because most guests were at one of the theme parks or doing other touristy things. We found a couple of chairs and laid down, applying suntan lotion to each other. 

I asked Shelley, "So are you having fun on this trip?" 

She just looked at me and said, "Are you kidding? Well let me think, on our first night, we seduced an attendant at the RV park in Louisville. She had a particularly sweet tasting pussy as I recall. Then we spent a week in Pensacola three days of which we were practically nude the whole time, fucking and sucking anything that moved, then we spent a week in New Orleans where we met two wonderful women. I still think about eating Jenny's pussy from time to time—something about her just pushed my buttons. And now in Orlando, we met a couple and introduced them to the swinger's lifestyle having great sex in the process." 

She continued, "And that's just the sex part of it. We also packed in a lot of sightseeing which has been pretty amazing. But most of all, I've really enjoyed spending time with you. After having to endure what I did in my marriage, you coming into my life has been a godsend. I never I thought I could feel this way about another man again, but I've developed strong feelings for you and I'm not ashamed to admit it. " 

I sat there and a minute and responded, "I've never been very good at expressing my feelings, especially after the way my marriage ended. Being with you these past four weeks has been wonderful. You have awoken feelings in me that I thought were long dead. I really care about you Shelley, and since we met, I've been happy, something I haven't felt in probably 10 years." 

Shelley reached over and grabbed my hand. I looked back at her and realized for the first time that I was in love with her. I didn't plan it, didn't asked for it, but I knew it in my heart. I looked at her and said, "I'm falling in love with you, Shelley." 

She smiled broadly and said, "I know, because I'm falling in love with you, too." We kissed tenderly. I allowed my tears to flow freely as my emotions exploded with joy. We held each other tightly while lying beside each other at the pool. We didn't speak for several minutes, we didn't have to, just holding each other was enough. 

We eventually did get in the pool to cool off before heading back to the RV. It was dinner time when we got there so we fixed a light meal and relaxed on the patio, enjoying the evening air. When the mosquitoes came out, we went inside and watched some TV for a while before heading to bed. It had been an eventful day and I don't think either one of us wanted to do anything to spoil it. So we just laid there, holding each other until we drifted off to sleep. 

========== 

Monday morning came and we were up bright and early. One thing I wanted to do was head over to the Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex because I knew there was going to be a missile launch later that day. I didn't know if it was going to be carrying a satellite or supplies for the International Space Station or whatever, I just wanted to be there to witness it. I had seen a shuttle launch several years ago and never forgot it. I was standing about 10 miles away when it launched and could feel the ground tremble around me. It was truly an earth shaking experience. 

It was about an hour's drive from the RV park but we made good time and arrived soon after opening. The place was pretty amazing with static displays of rockets that have been launched from Cape Canaveral over the years, the biggest being the huge Saturn V used to send our astronauts to the moon. We got to see one of the retired space shuttles and then found a good spot to watch the missile launch. 

The launch took place right on time and although not quite as spectacular as a shuttle launch, it was pretty loud with enough of a visual display to be quite exciting. Shelley absolutely loved it, never having seen any other launches before. 

We decided to head back home, grabbing an early dinner along the way and got back to our RV around 6:00 p.m. 

I suggested we go see if Gerry and Izzy were busy and Shelley readily agreed and gave me a smile and a wink. So we walked over to their RV and found them sitting out on their patio. There were delighted to see us. Izzy got up and gave me a big wet kiss while Gerry did the same to Shelley. We all sat down and talked about what we'd been doing the past couple of days. 

Gerry surprised us by saying they had gone to a bar nearby they'd found on the internet that apparently catered to couples who like to swing. They had gone there last night, met a couple and ended up swapping partners for the evening but rather than go to their home or come back to the RV, they rented a room at a motel right next to the bar and fucked each other's spouses right in front of each other. Izzy said it was a real turn-on to watch Gerry fuck another women while she got fucked by another man. 
