 With the Roman Weekend behind them, Jim and Shelley head to New Orleans for some more relaxing times. The Big Easy cooperates but still provides some adult entertainment. 

A special thanks once again to LarryInSeattle for his excellent editing. Any and all constructive criticism is welcome.

*****

The drive to New Orleans was relatively short, about 200 miles, and took us along I-10 through some amazing country. We went through Mobile, Alabama and near towns like Pascagoula and Gulfport, Mississippi before reaching New Orleans. Damage from Hurricane Katrina was still visible along the route after all these years—I can't imagine how bad it was right after the storm.

We arrived at our RV park around two in the afternoon, checked in at the office, and got directions to our assigned spot. No beautiful staff members to seduce us or Roman Weekend events on the schedule. 

We were to be staying here for a week so once we parked, we set everything up much like we did in Panama City. Shelley was becoming a real pro at helping with the setup which made it all go faster. She would tackle just about anything except hooking up the external water, sewer, and electric. All I got from her when I explained how to do it was "OK, that's your job." Once we were situated, we sat down outside and enjoyed a cool beer.

"Well I hope we don't have another Roman Weekend pop up here," I said.

Shelley laughed, "I hope not, too. I'm kinda fucked out right now."

"Me too! I'm looking forward to spending a peaceful week with you and taking in the sites. After all, this is New Orleans, the Big Easy."

Shelley agreed, "A peaceful week with you sounds heavenly. Of course I hope peaceful includes sex. I don't think I could go a week without it after all we've been through."

"God me, too. Sex with you is how I define heavenly so there's no chance of going without it. OK, so what do you want to do now that we're here?"

"Well you can't go to New Orleans without seeing the French Quarter and Bourbon Street. And of course there's Jackson Square, Preservation Hall, a ride on the Delta Queen, the Superdome, and eating beignets at Cafe Du Monde. Then there are all the restaurants and bars where you can hear everything from authentic jazz to zydeco music and have some wonderful Cajun food." 

"Whoa, whoa, hold on a minute..." I interrupted. "I didn't know you knew so much about New Orleans!"

"Well, I did some research when I knew we were coming, there are lots of exciting things to do in this city."

"OK. You are now our official tour guide for the week. Whatever you want to do, I'm game."

"Oh goodie," she shouted then leaned over and gave me a huge kiss.

We decided to take a walk and check out the RV park which happens to be on the shore of Lake Pontchartrain. We saw lots of wildlife including deer and several species of large birds with long legs (don't ask me to name them) and some unusual smaller birds. We met and spoke with some fellow RV'ers along the way, talking about where we were from, how long we're staying, where we're headed next, typical RV'er talk. We met an interesting couple of women in one RV—they were from New York and just traveling around the country having been on the road for nearly two months already. They were good looking women, probably in the late thirties-early forties, very friendly and outgoing. We spoke to them for quite a while then headed back to our RV.

"Interesting girls," Shelley said.

"Yeah, I have a feeling there is more to them than meets the eye."

"I suspect you're right. But right now I want something else that more than meets the eye," as she grabbed my crotch and pulled me into the RV.

We went back to the bedroom stripped off our clothes and slid under the covers. We just laid there quietly holding and touching each other. I said, "It seems like we haven't had sex with just the two of us for quite a long time. This feels nice, real nice." I pulled Shelley close to me and we kissed as we gently fondled each other. 

I moved my hand down to her pussy and gently massaged her outer lips while she grabbed my stiffening cock, gently stroking it up and down. There was nothing urgent or hurried about it, just leisurely stroking and rubbing. I let me fingers slip inside her, gently moving in and out, feeling her juices lubricate me. Shelley groaned a bit and said, "Jim that feels so good." My cock was now fully erect and I slowly moved over on top of her and inserted it. I let it slide in slowly, lowering my body against hers to provide maximum skin-to-skin contact. It was such an intimate feeling. I slowly moved in and out, not wanting to rush it but enjoying the moment, wanting it to last. 

We continued for a good ten minutes but I could feel Shelley as well as myself slowly moving towards an orgasm. Shelley was starting to push back against my thrusts as I started pushing in a little harder each time. We continued this escalation for several more minutes until Shelley said, "Oh god, Jim, I'm coming!" and I could feel her vagina contracting around my cock, then releasing it as I continued to move in and out. Her spasming brought me over the edge as my own orgasm hit, pumping my cum into her pussy, filling it to overflowing. 

We both lay there still joined, catching our breath and enjoying the high from our orgasms. "That was really nice," I said. 

"Yes it was, not hot, or fucking unbelievable, but nice, just very, very nice," Shelley replied as she pulled my head down next to hers and buried hers against my shoulder. She drifted off to sleep for a short nap. I pulled out and soon fell asleep next to her.

After our nap, we stayed in for the evening, enjoyed a quite dinner, watched some TV, and caught up on email. I let my kids know where we were and how things were going (I didn't mention the Roman Weekend.) Shelley did the same with her daughter, Karen. We hit the sack at a reasonable hour and had a comfortable quiet night.

====

The next morning we were both up bright and early, showered and dressed, and had a small breakfast. I asked Shelley, "OK, Ms. Tour Guide, what's the plan for today." 

"Well I thought we'd act like real tourists and head for the heart of New Orleans—enjoy some of the sights and sounds of the city."

"OK sounds great, let me unhook the Jeep and we can go."

Within an hour, we were in the center of New Orleans enjoying the French Quarter, visiting Preservation Hall, and walking down Bourbon Street. We sampled some Café Au Lait and beignets at Cafe Du Monde and strolled around Jackson Square, so named for Andrew Jackson, the hero of the Battle of New Orleans. We spent the entire day walking around and shopping, finishing up with a tasty dinner at Café Giovanni. It was a fitting conclusion to a wonderful day. 

When we got back to the RV park, it was almost a disappointment to see that there was nothing going on. No big orgies and no people strolling around naked. Instead, there were kids riding bikes and playing games. It was a normal day like you would see at any RV park. Shelley and I looked at each other and laughed since we were so used to the atmosphere of the Roman Weekend, this was almost a letdown. In reality, we both breathed a sigh of relief—we were back in the real world again.

====

The next day Shelley had set up a fishing trip on Lake Pontchartrain. Fishing is not really my thing but Shelley was the tour guide so I figured what the hell, I might enjoy it. We got a couple of seats on a fishing charter that headed out at 9:00 a.m. for a three-hour tour. (At least the ship wasn't called the S.S. Minnow.) The two girls from New York we met on our first day were also on the same boat so we joined them. (And no, their names were not Ginger and Mary Ann.) 

Sam, short for Samantha, was the more outgoing of the two but also the shorter one, about 5'4" tall, light brown hair in a ponytail with a great body and medium size breasts. Jenny stood at least 5'10" with straight jet black hair, a slim body, and almost no breasts. They were not really fishing enthusiasts, either but thought it would be a nice change of pace. 

Lake Pontchartrain is not actually a lake but a brackish estuary averaging 12-14 feet deep. Marshlands surrounding it provide habitats for many species of wildlife and the lake itself contains a variety of fish including the monster speckled trout that range in size from five to twelve pounds.

When the charter boat reached the fishing area, the four of us set our rods and waited for something to happen. This is the part that I hated about fishing, sitting and waiting. No sooner had that thought crossed my mind when I got a hit. From the pull on the rod, it was a big one and the girls were all screaming when they saw the fish jump out of the water about 20 feet out from the boat. I managed to haul in a large speckled trout, about 10 pounds worth. For not really liking to fish, I was starting to enjoy this.

Jenny got a hit next and hauled in another speckled trout, about an eight pounder. Then Shelley got one, this one was huge, over 11 pounds. Several others caught fish and our tour turned out being quite fruitful and I have to admit, a lot of fun. When we got back to shore, Shelley asked the girls if they knew how to cook their fish and both admitted they didn't have a clue. 

"Well, why don't you come over to our place tonight and we'll cook it for you along with ours and we can make an evening of it. How does that sound?" asked Shelley.

Sam responded, "Oh that would be great, fresh fish for dinner with our new friends. Here, let me help you carry these monsters to your place."

We walked to our place carrying nearly 30 pounds of fish and put them in the fridge until I could clean and prepare them for the grill.

The girls headed back to their place promising to return around 6:00 p.m. for dinner.

I cleaned the fish and got them ready for the grill while Shelley prepared a marinade. We would let the fish soak in it until dinner. We both sat down with a beer and enjoyed the afternoon.

"So what do you think the deal is with those two girls?" I asked.

"What do you mean?"

"You think they're lesbians?"

"Well, given the way they were looking at you today on the boat, I think that's highly unlikely."

"Really, they were checking me out?"

"Oh yeah, big time."

"I didn't notice, but of course given how clueless I can be on picking up social cues, I suppose it's possible."

"Possible, my god Jim, they were undressing you with their eyes and talking about it with each other every chance they got!"

"Well then, this should make for a very interesting dinner."

"Why do you think I offered to cook their fish and invited them over?"

"What are you, my pimp or something?" I joked.

"What, you think I did it all for you? Maybe I have some ulterior motives as well," she responded with a wink.

"Oh, you are the sly one aren't you," I replied.

We talked about the fishing trip some more and then what we wanted to do tomorrow until it was time to start getting things ready for dinner. I got the grill going while Shelley started working on the salad, potatoes, and veggies. 

The girls arrived right on time along with a nice bottle of wine. We opened it and talked about our fishing trip this morning. The girls were dressed similarly, wearing shorts with tight tank tops. The shorts really showed off Jenny's long legs which were magnificent. Her tank top revealed she wasn't wearing a bra but, given her size, she didn't need one. Sam was also braless and really filled out her tank top with her erect nipples clearly evident through the thin material. Both girls looked super-hot.

We told them a little more about our history and how we met. Then Shelley spilled the beans about our experience in Panama City with the Roman Weekend. The girls got really interested and started asking all sorts of questions. What was it like? Did you participate? Did you mess around with other couples? Typical questions you might expect about an orgy, but I'm not sure there's really anything 'typical' about it. That was my cue to start cooking the fish. 

I put the fish on the grill applying a little more marinade as they cooked. The girls continued talking and getting a little more animated but I couldn't hear anything due to the distance and sizzling of the grill. When the fish were done, we sat down for a delicious meal outside. Everyone raved about the fish, which I have to admit were pretty good. We finished the meal, cleaned up and returned to the patio with some more wine.

Sam turned to me and asked, "So Jim, Shelley tells me you were quite the stud last weekend at the Roman Weekend. Is that true?"

"Um, Um, I really don't know how to respond to that. But if you mean did I have fun, yeah sure it was a lot of fun."

"According to Shelley, you're quite the expert at pussy eating."

"Shelley, what have you been telling them?"

"I call 'em like I see 'em," she laughed.

Jenny interjected, "Well we might be interested in a little demonstration, don't you think, Sam?" 

"Hold on a minute folks, there's going to be no demonstrations of any kind. I'm on vacation!" I said.

"Oh pooh, I thought things might get interesting tonight, boo hoo," Jenny bemoaned, smiling.

Sam stood up and walked over to me, leaning over and rubbing her tits in my face saying, "Are you sure Jim, I would be extremely grateful for a little demo. Is there anything, anything at all I can do to convince you?"

I looked over at Shelley who was laughing her ass off, but calmed down enough to wink at me. I'm thinking she put them up to this and now I'm stuck between a rock and a nice set of tits rubbing in my face. My cock was revealing my true feelings as it began to grow. Finally I said, "OK. You want a demo, come with me," as I stood up, grabbed her hand, and dragged her behind me into the RV. I pulled her back to the bedroom and pushed her on the bed. "Take your clothes off now!" I commanded. 

"Yes sir, right away sir," she responded. I started taking mine off too and was soon standing there naked with my cock sticking straight out. Sam finished undressing and was kneeling on the bed. Her body was magnificent, curvy with breasts larger than I originally thought, and a shaved pussy which was already dripping juices.

"My god, you're beautiful." 

She smiled as I approached her, pulling her into my arms and kissing her. Our tongues connected and the feeling of sparks passed between us. I moved down and sucked her nipples, biting each one lightly, getting a moan from her. I pushed her down on her back and spread her legs apart, opening up her luscious cunt. I leaned in and gave her outer lips a gentle lick, tasting her essence, then licking again and again. Sam was moaning louder now, begging me to enter her with my tongue. I could see her engorged clit peek up through her pussy lips, begging to be sucked. I gave in and sucked it into my mouth, bathed it with my juices and flicked it with my tongue. 

Sam moaned even louder now saying, "Oh god put your fingers in me...fuck me with your fingers please..." I wet two of my fingers with the juices leaking from her cunt and slid them into her love tunnel. When I reached the limit with my fingers, I rotated them while moving them in and out and continued my assault on her clit. Sam was now almost delirious with pleasure. "Oh my god Jim, that feels fucking wonderful...keep fucking my cunt like that...oh that's it right these...of yes fuck me, fuck me hard...oh I'm going to come...I'm going to come...oh god..." I could feel her orgasm approaching as her body tightened and her back arched.

Sam's orgasm hit her hard, causing her whole body to shudder. Her cunt contracted around my fingers, pinching and releasing as the orgasm flowed through her. She held her breath then let it out slowly as her body was consumed with pleasure. When she finally calmed down, I looked up and saw her staring past me. She said, "You were right, Shelley, he's damn good!" I turned around and saw Shelley and Jenny standing there in each other arms, stark naked, with their hands massaging each other's pussies. Obviously they had been having some fun as well.

"Hope you guys enjoyed the show, who wants another demo?" I asked smiling.

"Me, me, me," said Jenny. We all laughed as Jenny untangled herself from Shelley and jumped on the bed. Sam got off and walked over the Shelley, giving her a big wet kiss with lots of tongue.

After positioning myself between Jenny's long legs, I started eating her pussy but a little more forcefully than I did with Sam. After all, I was more excited now and I wanted release as much as Jenny did. I spent several minutes exploring her outer lips and getting her warmed up before I let my tongue slip into her slit, tasting her cum directly from the source. I attacked her cunt and she called out, "Oh my god, oh that's good, oh right there, yes right there, oh that's it..." I rammed my wet fingers into her while I attacked her protruding clit licking, sucking and releasing it repeatedly. After several more minutes, she exploded with a scream, "Oh god I'm coming...holy fuck I'm coming...oh...oh...oh..." Her spasms rocked her whole body as well as mine until she finally collapsed on the bed. I lifted my head up and looked around but didn't see anyone watching.

As Jenny recovered enough to standup, we walked out of the bedroom arm-in-arm and saw Sam and Shelley on the couch in a torrid 69 session. Jenny looked over at me and said, "Your girlfriend is super-hot you know."

"Believe me I know, she's quite a catch." I was still hard as a rock since I had not come yet. Jenny looked down and saw my predicament and asked, "Is there anything I can do to help out?"

"Yeah, lay down on the bed and let me fuck your brains out!"

"OK, I was hoping you'd say that!" She said, smiling.

Jenny laid back down and I got on top in the missionary position and entered her moist pussy, starting a slow stroking rhythm. "Oh god, your hard cock feels like heaven. Keep ramming it in me, harder. Jim, ram it in harder." We kept this up for several minutes. Then I said, "Get up on your hands and knees, I want you doggie style!" 

When she did, I entered her from behind and started thrusting into her harder. She called out, "Oh yes, harder, harder...fuck me...fuck me..." I felt my orgasm building as I rammed my cock into her, slapping my balls against her ass with each thrust. 

"Oh god here it comes...oh...I'm...coming...oh...fuck..." I shouted as I pumped spurt after spurt of hot cum into her. When she felt my hot cum filling her cunt, she climaxed too, pounding back against my thrusts, moaning and groaning loudly. Once I calmed down, I collapsed on the bed. I looked over and saw Shelley and Sam looking on, smiling broadly. Both had that fresh fucked look on their faces along with quite a bit of pussy juice. 

Jenny rolled over and collapsed next to me saying, "Oh my god, what a ride. Did you guys enjoy the show?"

"We only saw the tail end since we were otherwise 'occupied,' but what we did see was hot, you're a lucky woman, Shelley," Sam said.

Shelley replied, "Don't I know it!"

We all got dressed and said our goodbyes. Sam and Jenny thanked us for the delicious dinner and the special "dessert." They gave us both long and passionate kisses before heading home, arm-in-arm.

I grabbed Shelley and hugged her close. "So did you orchestrate this whole thing while I was cooking the fish?" I asked.

"Guilty as charged. After our discussion about the Roman Weekend, it didn't take much convincing. Since I knew they were both bi-sexual, I figured I could have some fun too. Are you mad?"

"Hell no, that was fantastic, and I'm glad you had fun too. How did you know they were bi-sexual?"

"They told me on the boat this morning. Plus if you watched them closely you could tell."
