 I had never been with another woman. I'd be lying to myself if I said I had never thought about it. When he approached me with the idea, I entertained it playfully hoping to get an arousal from him. I never expected to have the best sex of my life that night. The thought of bisexual sex between two women brought him to his highest peak of arousal and I of course benefited from this climactical performance. Laying there in the afterglow of good sex, smoking a cigarette, while he played with my hair...daydreaming of the scenes he must have created in his twisted little perverted mind. I was beginning to get turned on all over again.

Never in the time I had known him had I ever seen him this hot for me, animalistic, pure uninhibited and oh so so kinky. I could not help but wonder how much more intense it could be if I truly agreed to have sex with another woman for him, with him. I mean this time it was only a fantasy, something we talked about before splashing into each others orgasmic imaginations, but what if...what if I truly did it? Could I? Could I actually bring myself to pleasure and be pleasured by a woman?

I pondered the thought for weeks, staring and wondering about every woman I passed in the street...testing myself to see if I could be attracted to them sexually. After weeks of driving myself insane with the thoughts I decided it forget it and continue this fantasy game he and I played so well together. There was no reason to ruin a good thing, after all... I wasn't even sure he would go through with it himself.

Work was becoming a nightmare, the stress and frustration in the office was rapidly climbing like the mercury in a thermometer ready to burst. I decided to take a mental health vacation and go away for 3 days by myself. I had always wanted to visit Maine...picturing a nice little Bed and Breakfast on a lake would be great, peaceful...serene. I left on Thursday, driving 9 hours alone listening to the radio and trying to keep my head clear of all exasperating issues. I arrived at 10 PM at the Bed & Breakfast and seemed to be the only car in the lot. I walked into the lobby where this tall attractive middle aged woman was waiting for me with a smile. She looked warm and friendly and greeted me by my first name. I smiled back and asked her if I was the only guest that evening.

She explained it was a slow season and that I could I have my choice of rooms and she lived there herself so if I wanted company she'd always be around. I thanked her and she gave me the key to the room I chose on the 3rd floor. After I made myself at home in my room, unpacking the few things I brought with me I strolled downstairs to see what the rest of the place was like. I found the woman, sitting in a room with a fireplace, a few couches and a coffee table. She was alone, sipping a Brandy, staring into the fire. She heard me walk in and asked if I'd like to join her. I apologized for forgetting her name and accepted her invitation.

"Diane, " she said as she gave me that warm smile again. I had never met a woman quite like her. It was not something to be explained at the time, but her demeanor was intriguing me immensely. Diane and I talked for hours that night, sharing our inner most thoughts. I told her about him and his fantasies, and how I was beginning to think they may have somehow became my own. It was almost as if she knew exactly what I was thinking, she practically began finishing my sentences for me. Our auras that night began to meld, and I knew for some reason this weekend would not be the last time I saw this woman.

The next day, I woke up and went downstairs for breakfast. Diane had made a beautiful omelet with all sorts of side dishes. I laughed and said I wasn't much of a breakfast eater and I grabbed a home made muffin and strolled out on the deck over looking the lake. I felt her presence behind me and we both stood there in silence. Diane spoke after a few minutes...but only said two words...two words that I will never forget as long as I live, "CALL HIM."

I knew exactly what she was thinking, and I turned around to face her and she was gone. I didn't see her the rest of the day till late in the evening where I found her in that parlor room again. It was as if she knew I was coming, there were 2 glasses of brandy sitting on the coffee table. As I walked in the room she didn't look at me, but began talking immediately. "You want to try this, I know you do, have him come up here tomorrow and I will help you fulfill this desire." I sat beside her, and took a swig of the brandy she had poured for me. I looked at her and told her my fears. I had never been with a woman before, I don't know what to do, what he expects, how to do it. She assured me it would be new to all 3 of us, and that the newness would make it all that more exciting.

I found myself becoming more and more turned on by the idea, getting anxious, excited and asked her to come to my room while I called him. She followed me up the stairs and sat next to me on the bed while I talked to him on the phone. He had no idea what I had planned, but as I was talking to him he said he heard the seductive tone in my voice and knew it would be worth the trip. I felt Diane's hand on my knee as I was saying good-bye to him, I must have paused because he asked me if I was OK then asked if I was alone. I replied yes to both and took a deep breath as her hand slipped between my thighs. I hung up the phone and looked at her with anticipation. She suggested a trial run before he got there, maybe it would make us both more comfortable, after all it was HIS fantasy we were fulfilling, we'd want to get it right wouldn't we? But of course.

I didn't find myself sexually attracted to Diane, I wasn't sure if that would ever be possible. But the idea of experiencing something so different and "taboo" was the turn on for me. That and the look on his face and the raging hard-on it would create drove me wild. Diane was very comfortable talking about sex with me, which in turn made me comfortable exploring and asking questions. This seemed to be more of a lesson than a sexual encounter with her. She undressed and I couldn't help staring at her perfect body. Her breasts were so perfect and her nipples stood straight out. She pulled off her jeans and as she began pulling off her panties she looked up at me and started laughing... "What are you doing??? Get undressed already!"

I started laughing too and just tore off my clothes and jumped on the bed. I felt like a 12 year old at a sleepover with my best friend, this was gonna be fun. We talked each other through everything, I felt so at home with her, no inhibitions whatsoever. I laid there on my back while she kissed every inch of my body. The moans and noises coming from my mouth did not sound like the ME i knew, I was finding a new person inside of me. I kept the thought of him standing there rubbing his cock in my head as she began to lick me...I felt my clit beginning to swell as my juices started flowing. I can see her getting turned on as she began to grind herself against the bed. I thought it would be the perfect time to return the favor.

We got into the 69 position and as I took the first taste of a female into my mouth I felt myself begin to drip down my thighs, her tongue following the river of passion licking and sucking it as it ran down my leg. We tried many positions as well as kissing and touching each other. Brought each other to orgasm more than twice in the 2 hours we played together. Afterwards, we laid there on our backs, smoking, talking and sipping wine. Laughing at ourselves and telling each other what we liked, didn't like, and wanted to try. Tomorrow was going to be awesome and we both were eager to see him. I asked her to sleep with me that night, and after about an hour we both fell fast asleep in my bed.

The sun was shining right into my face, it was 9am and Diane was already gone. Downstairs preparing breakfast I assumed. I got dressed and ran down there. My breakfast was waiting with a big cup of coffee. We talked a little and agreed to meet tonight at the bar down the road when he arrived this afternoon. I was a little nervous, but felt extremely confident sexually. For once I felt I had "one up" on him, and I would be in control. The phone in my room rang at about 2pm. Knowing I was about to hear his voice on the other end I picked it up anxiously. "I'm here darling." I nearly melted hearing him, knowing he was so close. I told him to order a drink and I'd be there shortly. Diane should have been there already and was going to go sit with him and start a conversation before I got there. Knowing the flirt that he was I knew he wouldn't decline the company while he waited for me.

I arrived shortly after and found him sitting at a small barside table talking to Diane as he drank his Coke & Baccardi. As I approached their table, he stood up and introduced Diane to me as the sweet lady who kept him company while he waited for his darling. I smiled shaking Diane's hand and asked her to please join us for a drink, we weren't going to stay there long and it would be fine with me to share the company and chivalry of this sexy man. She thanked me and ordered another round of drinks, ordering a Brandy for me. I reached for his hand under the table, and felt his fingers weave through mine lovingly. I glanced over at Diane subtly, and I watched her put her hand on his thigh under the table, just as we had planned. He jumped a little in his seat, startled by the advance of this beautiful woman. Not sure how to respond he excused himself to the men's room.

As he walked away we giggled and schemed our next moves. He returned shortly and took a seat by me on the opposite side of the table from her. He tried focusing his attention on me but I could see he was being distracted by her. After playing this charade a while, I excused myself to the ladies room and as I walked behind Diane's chair I grazed her neck with my hand under her hair, and leaned in and kissed her. I winked at him playfully and continued to the ladies room. This was the time Diane would tell him of our next move and invite him back to the Bed & breakfast. When I returned from the ladies room, I saw his face was flush and he had this silly horny little grin on his face. I smiled and said, "Are we ready?" Diane walked out first and he was behind me holding my hips as we waked out of the bar, trying to camouflage his erection I guessed.

Subj: Fwd: Part 3 Date: 11/14/1999 9:45:56 PM Eastern Standard Time I followed Diane into my room, He walked in behind me. None of us speaking a word. As I heard the door slam behind him, Diane pushed me onto the bed. She pulled off my pantyhose and began licking my legs starting at my feet, working her way up to my thighs...exposing her own pink lips through her thighs as she bent over more to reach her destination. Her ass high in the air facing him. I threw my head back and let out a moan. She didn't bother taking off my skirt, just lifted it up to my hips and ran her soft tongue down the front of my lips finding my clit in the folds of my pussy. I looked up at him and he was standing behind her, in amazement, rubbing himself through his jeans. He made eye contact with me and I nodded approvingly at him and shot him a coy smile. He unzipped his jeans and slid them off his legs, pulling his underwear off with them.

He got closer to Diane, holding his cock straight out with one hand and grabbing her hip with the other. I watched as he slid his cock into her pussy, and at the point of insertion, let out a loud groan. She squealed as his stiff member filled her with throbbing hardness. She began licking me and kissing my inner thighs, the harder he fucked her the more she got into pleasuring me. I could tell from the noises coming from all of us that this would be over way too soon if it continued like this. I for one was on the verge of climaxing. Right before I reached my peak she stopped, and quickly turned around facing him as his cock slipped out of her. I looked over at him as he held himself obviously trying to control an orgasm. Diane backed her way onto the bed...positioning herself over my body.

Her back pressing against my breasts, her ass against my pelvis. Both of us lying there one on top of the other, our legs spread open, he stood there watching our pussies drip into one another, facing him...calling for him. He fell to his knees at the foot of the bed leaning towards us. I took my finger and ran it over my pussy and then over hers while she laid on top of me caressing her own breasts. I began to finger her and myself back and forth blending our juices together. He began to stroke himself as he watched us. He knew I loved this, he knew how hot it made me to watch him rub his cock for me. After a few seconds he walked over to the bed and got on his knees, his face in our pussies. He started pleasuring both of us together and I felt Diane arch her back...lifting her ass off me.

I leaned over to the side of the bed and grabbed the vibrator we had strategically placed earlier. I turned it on and as he licked our pussies I slid the toy into her ass. Sliding it in and out of her feeling the base vibrate against the top of my pussy. I moved myself up so it hit just the right spot. Diane jumped up off the bed and got on her knees in front of him. He was now standing at the foot of the bed with Diane on her knees facing him, her back to the bed. I stood up on the bed walked over to the end, my pussy in his face. He ate me while she sucked him. This lasted only a few seconds as I heard his breathing getting heavier and heavier. I tell Diane to stop, I want him to cum...but for ME. I motion to him to get on the bed with me. I have him get on his hands and knees and I crawl under him lining up my mouth to the head of his cock.

My legs dangling off the side of the bed. I feel Diane crawl up between my legs and begin eating me while I sucked him off. I pulled his ass down and told him to fuck my mouth. He began pumping his cock deep into my throat, gagging me some and making my throat tighten around his shaft. I feel myself getting ready to lose it, I want to cum so bad, all over her face.

As he pumps my mouth I run my hand around to his ass and slide a finger in his hole deep...slow...in and out. I feel his muscles begin to tighten and I stop sucking to avoid his climax. I stop Diane from licking me and I slide my body under his telling him to fuck me hard. I motion to Diane to come up, and she straddles my face, grinding her pussy into my mouth as he fucks me fast and hard. All of us moaning and yelling while I tongue her clit furiously, fucking her pussy with my tongue. He lets out a scream OH GOD and fills me up with his load. My vaginal muscles tighten around his shaft as I cum with him moaning into Diane's pussy as she lets out a screech and fill my face with her juices. This climax seemed to have lasted 10 minutes all of us moaning and sighing and finally collapsing into each other. We laid there for 20 minutes just catching our breaths. When I was finally able to speak, I looked over at him and he was just staring at me smiling. I said "surprise" and we all laughed hysterically.

As awesome as the experience was for the three of us, it wasn't a lifestyle I wished to make regular. We all agreed to meet at the cottage the same time next year and we have done just that for the past 10 years. I just knew the moment I saw her, she'd be in my life forever.