 In Chapter 1, Jonathan our main character inadvertently selects two Russian women to come to the U.S. to become his wife. He has a dilemma pleasing the two of them, selecting which one will stay, and coping with immigration laws. He starts making love with each of them as he tries to resolve the situation.



After dinner, the two of them decided that Svetlana would sleep with me that night – a shorthand reference for the two of us making love. We took an evening swim, and the two of us left Elena sitting in the dark on the patio as we went inside to bed.

At her invitation and minimal foreplay, I spent a long time with my head between Svetlana's legs, doing every thing I could think of to her pussy and the surrounding area. She urged me on with a string of what I called 'dirty talk' from the time we walked into the bedroom: "Eat me. Get my cunt all lathered up so you can sink your cock into me. Put your tongue on my clit. More fingers in me – fill my pussy. Lick me. Finger my ass. Tongue me. Run your hair around my cunt. Push your nose in my pussy. Fuck me with your tongue." 

All this talk was accompanied by an endless interjection of moans and little sounds of ecstasy as I tried to deliver orgasm after orgasm to her. Svetlana's orgasms were noteworthy, for like Elena's, they were wet ones and probably registered on the seismometer at the nearby university. During each one, she ejaculated a small amount of 'girl juice,' occasionally in a small stream. 

Just when I could stand it no longer, she said, "Change position. Let me suck you to hardness so you can put your cock in me."

Just hearing those words hardened me. Svetlana didn't waste any motion; she started to oscillate my body with my cock in her mouth, in essence forcing me to face fuck her. She made wild wet sounds, soaking my rod in her juices. She was in control; all I did was go along for the ride. Her tongue lapped and swirled around me, and her suction power was mind-boggling. My juices started to boil.

She added something I'd never had done – one of her fingers sought out my ass, and soon I felt penetrated and one finger start to massage my prostate. This was my G-spot. I soared into orbit, pre-cum gushing from my rod into her willing mouth. She persisted in her efforts as I stood holding the shoulders of the kneeling beauty. I looked down and watched her full breasts swaying in sync with her oral thrusts onto my shaft.

I came, wildly and uncontrollably into her mouth. I'd uttered a warning, however, it seemed to make no difference to her. She sucked in every drop I delivered, her tongue still swirling around my crown. As my eruptions subsided, she pulled away and opened her mouth to me, showing the reservoir of my semen she'd captured. She swallowed most of my emission, allowing several small erotic trickles of cum to roll down her chin and drip onto her taut breasts. She rubbed the white liquid into her skin. My God, she was sexy; this was eroticism beyond my imagination.

I kept muttering "Wow!" over and over again throughout the entire episode. As we finished Svetlana stood and kissed me hard, her hard nipples scraping against my chest. She ran her tongue into my mouth. I could taste myself.

I said, "I thought you were working on me so I could make love to you?" 

"Well, I like doing this, and I got carried away. I'll do you again in a minute."

"Then let me hold you on the bed."

She allowed me to lead her to the bed where I cradled her in my arms. I praised her lovemaking skills, sharing with her exactly what it had felt like for me when she gave me my best blowjob ever. She swelled with pride.

I reached over and in a lazy manner started to stroke around her abdomen and pubic area. She sighed with contentment, and soon started to push up occasionally into my hand, particularly when my finger stroked near or on her clitoris. Soon I had three fingers plunging in and out of her vagina.

"Can I eat you again?" I asked.

"I am your slave, but oh, that would be magnificent. I don't want to cum except with you now."

I slithered down her body, my tongue ever active on her anatomy. Again, I assaulted her vagina and clit with tongue and fingers. 

She whispered to me in a Cyrillic voice, "Do the sixty-nine with me."

Without breaking lock on her clit with my marauding tongue, I scooted my body around until my cock hung down over her face. She immediately inhaled the shaft and started to fondle my balls again. In no time at all, I felt myself responding. Of course, Svetlana responded as well: her fluids started to seep from her vagina, a sure signal of her excitement and eagerness at a union.

I let her judge my readiness, and soon she said, "I want you in me – my other end – now." She patted my backside and kissed along the length of my rod.

I rotated over again and in seconds sank my rock hard shaft into her body. In each of my hands I held one of her ankles; I held her legs apart so I could spear her pussy repeatedly. Svetlana started to make little squeaking sounds with each inward thrust I made. I too started to make sounds of exertion. Once or twice I pulled my cock out of her and used it like a small club to beat on her pussy and clitoris; she moaned harder and more encouragingly to me.

Svetlana's stream of dirty talk continued: "Oh, I love having your giant cock in my pussy. I like when I see your body over me. I like the feel of you in my cunt. Fuck me. Turn my pussy to mush. Massage my clit with your cock. Your dick is so big, so satisfying. Make me cum with cock." She was creative, and I discovered she had a wide vocabulary in English about sex and fucking.

I stroked and pounded into her body, watching carefully the look of pleasure on Svetlana's face as we fucked. As I neared my second orgasm of the night I felt the presence of someone else in the room. I looked towards the bedroom door and discovered that Elena was standing there nude, her fingers again buried in her pussy and oscillating at a frantic pace. 

Seeing Elena masturbating while my cock was buried in Svetlana was all it took. I went over the top in seconds. I could feel my orgasm start deep within my body, the fluids starting their journey through my interior plumbing towards Svetlana's cervix. As each inch of my tubing was traversed and as my prostate spasmed, I felt heaven-like surges of pleasure pound across my consciousness. This was nirvana. I jetted shot after shot of cum deep into Svetlana's vagina.

When I looked again, Elena was gone. I collapsed on the bed next to Svetlana. We were so hot from our exertions we wanted no covers. The ceiling fan created a light breeze over our bodies. I again cradled Svetlana in my arms, and we drifted into dreamland.

I awoke around dawn. Svetlana was sleeping naked next to me on her stomach, her lustrous hair splayed out around her head. Her beautiful buttocks were an object of art for my contemplation. Much to my surprise, on my other side Elena was sleeping, also nude. She'd apparently crept into our bed during the night rather than sleep alone. She was on her side facing me, a slight smile on her face, and a gentle almost inaudible snore gracing her lips.

I studied each woman in turn, thinking of the decision I'd have to eventually make. I had rapidly fallen in love with each of them. The sex was amazing and a decisive factor in the one decision I did make before I lay back down between them on the bed: I didn't want either one of them to ever leave me.

*

In the morning, when it was time to rise, I kissed each woman awake while they were next to me. Each responded with more kisses and touches. While we could have gotten sexual again – very easily – I still needed some recovery time, so I kept the mood tender and loving, rather than promoting anything passionate and sexual. Somehow the two women seemed to tolerate each other's presence. I wondered if they'd agreed to something between them.

In my waking, I again was remorseful about having to choose between Svetlana and Elena. Neither deserved to be turned down by me. I kept thinking that there must be some solution out there in the universe.

This time we showered together, and I noted the increased level of comfort the women were finding with each other as well as with me. We dressed and instead of eating breakfast at home, I took them to brunch at L'Europe on St. Armand's Circle. We sat at a table on the sidewalk, not so much for us to watch the people walking by as it was for me to display the women I'd fallen in love with. Needless to say, my new partners attracted a lot of attention from the males that passed by.

St. Armand's Circle is like a miniature Fifth Avenue shopping area in Sarasota. After we'd eaten, we strolled around the circle listening to the piped in classical music and strolling in each of the many upscale shops. Without doubt the two girls were the pettiest and best-dressed people in the city.

Eventually I led the girls back to the car and we drove two blocks to the beach. I'd prepared them for the trip, so they had their bikinis on under their frocks. They did a quick change beside the car in the parking lot and we started to walk the beach, talk about life, and pick up seashells.

We went in the Gulf of Mexico and splashed around like three children. We were just here on this planet to have fun – to love each other, and to explore the wonders of this life. 

Then the hours passed, and we headed home.

That night, Elena was my bedmate. The passion between us could have powered the city. We were in love, and like Svetlana, this was a woman I wanted in my life forever.

I thought the night before had been passionate, however, Elena proved there were other sexual avenues we'd left unexplored. She too was vocal; expanding the 'dirty talk' I was so rapidly becoming addicted to. She also explored some fantasies with me.

"Jonathan, can you imagine us on the beach we walked today, only it is night time – the stars and moon are out lighting up the beach. You strip my clothes from me and we swim naked in the surf, the water exciting our sexual organs as we swim and touch each other. Then we come back on the beach to our blanket. You bury your head in my cunt and eat away the taste of salt water until you find my earthy taste. I come and cover you in my girl juice, but you keep eating me. We do a sixty-nine, and I swallow all of you." She did! "Then you bury your cock deep in me and pump away – harder and harder." I did! "Then we see some other people watching us, and soon they too have taken their clothes off and are fucking right beside us. We are in a circle of nude bodies – all fucking in the dim light. Everyone is moaning and fucking. We can see them and they can see us. Oh, God, I'm going to cum again. Cum with me. Cum!"

We both came and the explosions were dramatic and perhaps the best I'd ever had in my lifetime. I wondered if I would be able to keep up this pace with my sex kittens. I loved it, but realized I'd atrophy away. I decided this was the way I wanted to die.

After our love making, we were sweaty, damp, and smelled of each other's fluids. I loved it and so did Elena. She told me so as she licked my cock clean from our last orgasm. Eventually, I cradled her to me and we fell asleep.

In the morning, I awoke to again find both women nude and in bed beside my own naked body. It was Svetlana that had come back to our bed in the middle of the night.

The following night, when Svetlana moved to come to bed with me, I decided to confront the obvious as well as challenge some of the social mores we were creating around us.

"Before we go to bed, let's talk about something," I said, leading us all into the living room and onto the sofa. I put an arm around each woman and kissed them. The two women looked curiously at me. I started, "I love making love with each of you, and I think you feel the same about being with me." Both women smiled and nodded enthusiastically. "When I am with one of you, however, I feel the other is left out. I know one night, while I made love to Svetlana I saw you Elena watching us and masturbating." 

Elena blushed; Svetlana looked surprised and said, "I watched Elena and you last night. I also made myself .. err, how you say ... sexual orgasm. I was horny. I loved how the two of you made love. It gives me ideas I want to try tonight."

Elena also blushed and spoke; "That night you saw me in the hallway, I let you two be in the bedroom long enough to become occupied with each other. I hoped you wouldn't notice me and I wanted to see what two people making love looked like – it was hard to see you in the shower the other morning. I've seen people making love in movies, but it was so beautiful watching the two of you – people I know and care about."

"Why did you masturbate?" I asked.

"Watching the two of you make love, made me horny as you call it. I wanted to be in there with you, feeling your hands on me, having you fuck me too."

"Why didn't you come and join us?"

"I didn't think I should. I didn't think I'd be welcome."

"What if we said you were welcome?" I looked at Svetlana, and she nodded.

Now Elena looked surprised. She said, "I ... I guess I would have gotten in bed with you."

"Could you make love to Svetlana?" I turned to Svetlana and asked, "Could you make love to Elena?"

A silence hung in the room for a full minute. The women looked at me and past me at each other. Some deep thinking went on in that minute. For them, there was no 'right' answer; they had to answer the question from what they really felt. I didn't prompt them.

Svetlana answered first, "I have never made love to another woman, except for the few kisses and incidental touches in the shower yesterday. Those excited me." She paused and said carefully, "I would be happy to try it."

Elena nodded and said, "Me too, but it is a stretch for me. I was raised to think that love was only between one man and one woman. I think your question and my answer makes me need a new and more flexible life style." After a pause she added, "I'll try it, but might stop if it feels too ... too peculiar."

I said, "Well, it may be a stretch for you, but I think we should all make love together tonight. Each of us will have to see what we're comfortable with, and it's a chance to stretch our boundaries."

"Tell us what you think," Svetlana said. "Is this different for you?"

I responded, "Oh yes. I was raised like Elena. Love, marriage, and sex were always to be between one man and one woman. But, I have some dear friends that are lesbians and others that are gay – like Bruce. And, in some books I like, and in some films, even in some pornography, I've seen happy and satisfying relationships between multiple partners. So I'm open to the idea, but I've never experienced it first hand."

Elena asked tentatively, "Are you thinking the three of us might stay together until your decision ... or for the long term?"

"I haven't gotten that far in my thinking, mostly because within the next few months we must resolve how to keep you both here in the United States. I can't marry both of you in the eyes of our government. My thinking right now is about the level of tolerance we would have for living together as a threesome rather than as a couple – me and only one of you."

"And our willingness to make love together is a deciding factor for you?" Svetlana asked in a serious tone.

"No, no," I assured her. "If it doesn't work for any of us, we'll try some other way that works for all of us. I just don't want us to pass over an obvious solution for the three of us – love each other equally."

Elena asked Svetlana in a serious tone, "If I am making love to Jonathan, do you not feel jealous? Will you not feel you want to replace me in the act of love – or eliminate me in the relationship?"

Svetlana was careful in her answer and her honest appraisal showed: "In earlier times, I would be jealous, but I know that is a response I learned from other people. From how I was raised and in what my friends and I learned were situations where I should be jealous – this is one of them, but I'm so confused now about what I feel after coming all this way and finding out this situation. I must train myself not to be that way, at least temporarily until some solution is decided." She also paused and moved along the sofa to be with Elena and hugged her; "Besides," She said, "I really do like you – a lot – and I think a relationship with you might be ... interesting ... life changing." She smiled lovingly at her. 

She paused and thought before going on; she looked at Elena and me; "I desire happiness for you both, as I do now, rather than selfish fulfillment for myself." She took Elena's hand in her own and said, "I don't know how good I can be at this, but I will try. I already have affectionate feelings for you. I've just not let them become lustful – sexual, but now I need to try that too."

Elena leaned in and kissed Svetlana in full on the lips right in front of me. Their first serious kiss was a tender and loving kiss that grew lustful as their tongues moved to engage. I watched the two women as they experimented with the female-to-female kisses. For a moment I was a forgotten entity. I tested my own feelings of jealousy and feeling left out, and indeed I did feel that, however, once I recognized and acknowledged those feelings they instantly went away. I thought how reactive my ego was. What replaced the fleeting feeling was joy at seeing love blossom between the two women, and even lust at the thought of the two of them making love to one another – particularly if I got to watch.

I had thought about the fact that I needed to return to work in a five more days. This would leave the women at home where they would be their own company. If they could love each other, I felt they would find the time alone an enjoyment and pleasure, rather than a sentence of isolation – at least until they got jobs or developed a social life and could get out of the house.

I watched the two women. They smiled often at each other as they ran their hands, lips, and tongues around each other. Svetlana unbuttoned Elena's blouse so she could reach in and begin to fondle her full breasts. I could hear Elena sigh in passion when Svetlana sucked on one of her nipples as she pinched the other. 

A few seconds later, Elena returned the favor. Svetlana was wearing one of my shirts with the shirttails tied beneath her generous breasts. She pulled the knot apart and spread the shirt wide so she had access, Svetlana's excited breasts becoming fully visible to me. She leaned in and bit each nipple, running her hand around the other breast as she did. Svetlana's large areolae darkened with her efforts, the small goose bumps on each areola becoming evident as she blew cool air over the exposed and now damp erotic zone.

I wanted to move the love making into the bedroom, but quickly decided that I liked being a voyeur to the Sapphic display of affection the two women were trialing. I said nothing lest I upset the erotic encounter between the two. As I watched, I could feel the swelling in my pants. I allowed myself the pleasure of lightly stroking my hardening shaft through my thin slacks.

Soon, the blouses were shed and the beautiful full breasts of both women were on full display to my hungry eyes. Hands and probing fingers now roamed lower, as mouths serviced taut breasts and rock hard nips. I watched as Elena stroked a finger over the gossamer material covering Svetlana's pussy. With one hand, she pulled the material from the lacy thong aside as her mouth sucked on a breast; I watched as her fingers expertly played with the labia lips and then two of them sank into her vagina. Svetlana groaned loudly, and pulled her legs further apart to signal her willingness to participate in this game of passion.
