 Chapter 03 - Panama City 

This is the continuing adventures of Jim and Shelley on their month long trip along the Gulf Coast in an RV. Jim and Shelley met through a Travel Companion web site and hit it off right away. From their home base in Michigan, they enjoyed a sexy stopover in Louisville with Sally, an employee at the RV park. Then discovered their next RV park is hosting an event called Roman Weekend promising lots of fun with new friends. 

A special thanks to LarryInSeattle for his excellent editing. Any and all constructive criticism is welcome. 

***** 

The next leg of our journey will take two days of driving to get to Panama City in the Florida panhandle with an overnight stopover in Birmingham, Alabama. 

We arrived at our destination on Wednesday around 2:00 p.m. the third day of our trip. I booked us a spot for a week at an RV park on the west side of Panama City along Perdido Bay. The park was not one of the huge ones you sometimes find at snowbird destinations and even though relatively small, it had all the standard amenities and a friendly staff. 

We checked in at the office and were greeted by a kindly old gentleman who directed us to our spot and talked about upcoming events in the area and the park itself. It seems we would be at the park during what he called a Roman Weekend. We asked what that was all about and he handed us a pamphlet and said, "Here you can read all about it in this. I'm a little too old to participate but you guys might find it fun." 

I glanced at the pamphlet but was more concerned about getting situated and set up in our spot. I handed the pamphlet to Shelley and said we could investigate it later. We were directed to our spot which was in a prime location with a good view of the bay and sheltering trees to hide us from the afternoon sun. We parked and got everything set up. Since we were going to be there for a week, we set up the outside patio with additional chairs and tables. All in all, it was a great location. 

Shelley was looking through the pamphlet the old man gave us when I joined her outside with a beer for each of us. Shelley said, "Jim you've got to see this. This Roman Weekend looks like a cross between a nudist colony and a swingers club." 

"What? You're kidding me!" 

"No, listen to these events on the schedule. Friday evening is a Toga Party with an open bar and dancing. Clothing is optional. Saturday afternoon is something called Roman Games described as fun and games of an adult nature, and Saturday evening is the Roman Orgy for those interested in sharing and swapping partners. I must say Jim, when you pick an RV park, you really know how to pick 'em!" she said smiling at me. 

I sat down and looked over the pamphlet, "So that's what the guy in the office meant when he said he was too old to participate." Now I've never been into the swinging lifestyle as some people call it, but at my age, I'm open to almost anything. I started looking around the park, checking out our neighbors and strangely didn't see any kids. Normally in an RV park, it's teaming with kids riding bikes or peddle cars, swimming in the pool, or playing games. But here there's none. Also the guest population is usually a mixture of seniors, young couples with a gaggle of kids, and middle age couples. But here I saw no seniors and no young couples with kids but just younger and middle aged couples. Thinking back to when I made the reservations over the phone, I remember getting the third degree with questions about kids, our ages, health, and marital status—questions you don't normally get when making a reservation. I suspect that was part of their screening process for the Roman Weekend. 

As we were looking over the pamphlet together, a couple walked by and said, "Hi." They saw us looking over the pamphlet and the man asked, "Are you guys first timers?" 

I replied, "Well I guess so. We didn't know anything about this 'Roman Weekend' until we got here. Have you guys been to one of these weekends before?" 

The man replied, "Oh sure, this will be our fourth year coming to this event. It's really the highlight of our year. By the way, my name is George and this is my wife Kathy." George was in his mid-50s, about the same height as me, average build, black hair (what there was left of it), and an infectious smile. Kathy was a real knockout, younger than George but with massive breasts (which had obviously been enhanced), dark brown hair to her shoulders, a very curvy figure, and nice legs. 

"Nice to meet you guys, I'm Jim and this is Shelley. We're from Michigan and we're traveling along the Gulf Coast for the next month or so." 

Kathy spoke up saying, "Oh, how exciting. Have you seen the park yet, we'd love to show you around. It's quite nice." 

Shelley responded, "Sure that would be great." 

They took us around and showed us the community room where many events are held during the Roman Weekend and the pool where swimming suits are optional the entire weekend. It already contained a couple of topless sunbathers who had jumped the gun but no one was complaining. They also showed us some of the more mundane things like beach access, the laundry, and the park store. 

"Can you tell us more about what happens during the Roman Weekend?" asked Shelley. 

Kathy explained, "Well, the toga party is sort of the kickoff event. It allows everyone to meet everyone else and starts out pretty tame but by the end of the night, after considerable alcohol and dancing, mostly nude, it gets pretty wild with a lot of sucking and fucking going on. The Roman Games is a bunch of corny adult games but also very erotic. It usually ends with a lot of groping and feeling. But no one wants to get too worn out because of the upcoming orgy. The orgy starts out with a decadent meal of roast pig, beef, and all kinds of fruit, side dishes, and desserts. Then the fun begins with a series of games to get the juices flowing. Most of the time the organized games turn into unorganized chaos with everyone fucking everyone else in plain view. It's a lot of fun but can be a little overwhelming for couples that aren't into the lifestyle." 

Our tour ended up back at our RV so I invited George and Kathy to join us for drinks on the patio to continue our conversation. 

"Well, this whole Roman weekend sounds like a lot of fun," I said. 

Shelley remarked, "You can say that again. So I take it you guys have had a lot of fun at these things?" 

Kathy said, "Oh, most definitely. Since our first time here four years ago, we've joined a swingers club back home and also started a monthly swap party in our neighborhood. We have really embraced the lifestyle and turned many of our neighbors on to it as well. How about you guys?" 

"Well we met a few weeks ago through a travel companion web site so we haven't had an opportunity to participate in any Roman weekend type activities—we've been more focused of getting to know each other. But by some quirk of fate we've already had a couple of threesomes so this Roman Weekend sounds like fun," Shelley responded. 

"Well it sounds like we have a couple of newbies here," Kathy said looking at George. "Maybe we could provide a little preview of the upcoming activities. How does that sound to you guys?" 

I looked at Shelley who gave me a nod and said, "That sounds great, how do you want to begin?" 

"Oh I have an idea," Kathy remarked as she walked over to me and sat on my lap wrapping an arm around my head and kissing me on the lips. She started wiggling her ass against my cock that was quickly growing under her. 

"Oh, I like your idea a lot." 

"Based on what I feel growing under my ass, I believe you do." Kathy gave me another deep kiss and slipped off my lap to her knees, kneeling between my legs as she opened my pants and reached in to grab my growing cock. 

"Mmmm, this looks very nice Jim," Kathy said as she smiled up at me. 

Out of the corner of my eye, I could see George walk over behind Shelley, slide his hands down over her shoulders and grasp her breasts and lightly tweak her nipples. Shelley gave a quiet moan, grabbing his hands and holding them against her breasts forcing him to continue his massage. 

Kathy managed to work my pants down along with my boxers so she now had a clear view of my fully erect cock. She gently stroked it then leaned over and wrapped her lips around the head circling the shaft with her tongue. Kathy was not as experienced a cock sucker as Shelley, but when a woman has your cock in their mouth, you don't complain. I was a little apprehensive to be doing this outside on our patio until I remembered all the other guests were here to participate in the Roman Weekend, so I thought, what the hell, why not? 

Shelley and George didn't seem to mind either as Shelley had George's cock out and was giving him a blowjob. 

Kathy was pushing me towards an orgasm with her erotic slurping sounds as much as her technique. In between her up and down strokes on my cock, Kathy managed to mumble out, "I want you to come all over my face Jim, shoot your sticky sweet cum all over me." As she said that, I noticed Kathy had her other hand stuffed down her shorts and was rubbing her cunt as she blew me. I felt my orgasm building as Kathy sped up the stroking of my shaft. I was seconds away when Kathy let out a long low moan as her own orgasm broke loose. She managed to keep stroking me and took me over the top as I pulled out of her mouth and shot the first stream of cum at her face, landing across her forehead. My second stream hit her cheek and the third went in her mouth. The remainder I sprayed around her face leaving it awash in cum. I don't know which was better, my orgasm or seeing Kathy kneeling there with my cum all over her face. Both were pretty damn hot. 

Shelley had George nearly ready to pop and was prepared to swallow his cum. I watched as George began thrusting his cock in Shelley's mouth until he cried out, "Oh, I'm coming!" Shelley took it all and swallowed it without missing a drop. George dropped down into his chair and looked completely spent. 

I grabbed Kathy, spun her around, and sat her down in the chair next to me while she cleaned off her face, slurping and scraping my cum into her mouth and swallowing it. When she was nearly done, I leaned over and whispered in her ear, "I'm going to eat your pussy until you cum all over my face." It wasn't a request but a statement, this was going to happen. Kathy looked up at me, her eyes shot wide open as a big grin spread across her face. 

I reached down, unfastened her shorts, and eased them down her legs along with her thong panties, revealing a clean shaved pussy. I love shaved pussies and this one was leaking juices down her legs. I placed Kathy's legs, one on each arm of the chair in which she was sitting, opening her up for complete access. I leaned in and gave her cunt a flat-tongued lick, tasting her juices. She tasted wonderful, a slight salty taste with a hint of smoldering passion. I repeated the lick, causing a groan to escape her lips. I ran my tongue from the bottom to the top of her cunt avoiding her clit so as not to bring her to climax too soon. I inserted two fingers in her love tunnel slowly rotating them and then moving them in and out in short slow strokes. Kathy was groaning constantly now and shouted out, "Oh, god that feels good Jim, eat my pussy, lick my hot cunt... make me come... oh, make me come." 

I concentrated on her clit, first sucking it into my mouth and flicking it back and forth with my tongue, then releasing it and sucking it back in again. I repeated this several times, each time creating a louder reaction from Kathy. Finally she shouted out, "Oh god I'm coming," as her whole body convulsed in spasm after spasm, spraying my face with her juices. She finally settled down after a minute or two and grabbed my head and kissed me deeply. 

Shelley and George had been watching from the sidelines and applauded. We heard a few claps and laughter from some of our neighbors as well. Shelley smiled and said to Kathy, "He's pretty good at that isn't he?" 

"You're right about that, my god what a ride. You know, George, I don't think these two are going to need any more previews for the upcoming weekend. I think they're going to do just fine." 

George simply said, "I have to agree." 

We all got dressed, said our goodbyes and George and Kathy left for their own RV. I turned to Shelley and said, "If I recall correctly, I don't think you've had an orgasm yet, am I correct?" 

"Yep you're absolutely correct. Once I got George off, he lost interest. I got the impression from Kathy's reaction to your pussy eating that George doesn't eat her that often, if at all." 

"I got the same impression. But you know what, why don't you come inside with me and I'll take care of your little problem." 

"Hallelujah, praise the lord, my prayers have been answered!" She laughed grabbing my hand and pulling me into the RV and back to the bedroom. 

==== 

The next day was Thursday and we spent it sightseeing and shopping around the area. We visited the National Naval Aviation Museum, the Pensacola Lighthouse, and the Pensacola Historic Village followed by some shopping and dinner at a local restaurant. It was a very enjoyable day with an enjoyable companion. Shelley and I seemed to grow closer the more time we spent together. 

When we returned to the RV park that evening, the climate of the place had changed significantly. First of all it was full. There wasn't a spare parking spot anywhere. Secondly, the atmosphere had taken on a kind of hedonistic quality. People were walking around with next to nothing on, most of the women were topless, the pool area was full of naked bodies of all shapes and sizes, and several half-naked couples were milling around the community room apparently preparing for tomorrows events. It was quite a visual and quite arousing. 

Shelley and I had been watching all this and were standing on the patio outside our RV. When I looked at her, she giggled and smiled back with a look that said she was hot and horny. I grabbed her and pulled her down next to me on one of the chaise lounges and started kissing her. She responded in kind with a low groan and said, "Fuck me right here, Jim, outside in front of everyone." People were walking by occasionally, but couldn't care less what we were doing, probably because they would be doing the same thing before the night was over. 

I managed to remove Shelley's shorts and pull off her top so she was sitting on me completely naked. She did the same to me and soon Shelley was straddling my waist with my erect cock inches from her pussy. I grabbed it and positioned it at the entrance to her cunt. Shelley rose up and then settled down allowing herself to be impaled on my cock. 

"Oh fuck that feels nice Jim, sooooo nice" 

"Your cunt feels so great wrapped around my cock." 

We began rocking back and forth causing my cock to slide in and out of her. I reached up and grabbed her tits, massaging them and tweaking her nipples. Then I dropped a hand down between our two bodies, searching for her clit. When I found it, Shelley let out a moan and said, "Oh that's it...right there...oh fuck...yes, right there." 

Our rhythm sped up and I could feel Shelley's muscles tighten up, clutching at my cock as it slid in and out. I could feel her orgasm approaching as my own was about to pop. Shelley crested first, "Oh god that's it, I'm coming..." her whole body spasmed as each convulsion ripped through her. 

That sent me over the edge. "I'm coming Shelley...I'm going to fill your fucking cunt with my hot cum!" as I started pumping my load into her. Wave after wave of pleasure saturated my very soul as the last spasms of my orgasm dissolved into a sweet feeling of contentment. "Wow that was fucking amazing." 

Shelley collapsed on my chest and said, "Amazing doesn't begin to describe it! This is turning into one hell of a trip." 

"And just think, the Roman Weekend hasn't even officially started yet!" I laughed. 

I realized we had been fucking on the patio outside our RV and looked around to see if anyone was staring or giggling or showing any reaction. People walked by as though we were reading the Sunday paper and it was perfectly normal to be fucking out in the open like this. 

This is really a crazy place! 

Shelley and I pulled apart and stretched out on two adjacent lawn chairs not bothering to get dressed. Lying there naked seemed natural and not at all strange as we smiled and greeted people walking by. 

After a brief nap, we got up, went inside to clean up and get dressed. Shelley was quiet and had a distant look on her face like she was deep in thought so I asked, "Penny for your thoughts?" 

"How do you do that? You seem to know exactly when something is bothering me," she asked. 

"That's my ESP kicking in. But seriously, what's on your mind, is something wrong?" 

"Well, I was thinking, a month ago before we met, I would have never considered doing some of the things we just did—giving a blow job to a complete stranger, fucking outside in front of anyone walking by, lying naked on the patio and taking a nap. Who is this person and what have you done with the real Shelley?" 

"You're exactly the same person you've always been but you've had a huge weight lifted of your shoulders that has kept those feelings repressed and hidden. I don't know if its guilt, depression, or whatever, but I feel the same way. After my hermit-like existence for the past 10 years suddenly the weight is gone. We can start living again and doing things we've repressed all these years." 

"So I've repressed a desire to give a blowjob to a stranger, or have sex in broad daylight?" 

"Well I think the current environment has something to do with that. All these people want to have sex with anything that moves. Most of them are just like us except they take one weekend a year and let loose. I think some of that energy has rubbed off on us and it's certainly got my juices flowing. You are someone I care about and I would never want you to do anything you're not comfortable with." 

"Well that's the thing, I really like the stuff we've been doing but I think mostly because we're doing it together. I really enjoyed watching you eat and fuck Kathy earlier, wishing I was right there next to you helping out." 

"I have a sneaking suspicion we'll have plenty of opportunities to do just that this weekend." 

"Me too, and to be perfectly honest, it gets me wet thinking about it." 

"We'll how about a walk around the park to see what else is going on before we attack each other and rip our clothes off that we just put on?" 

"Sounds like a plan," Shelley said smiling. She grabbed my arm and we started our leisurely stroll. As we walked past other motorhomes, travel trailers, and 5th wheels, we saw all kinds of stuff going on. Most people were naked. We saw blowjobs, pussy eating, fucking doggie-style, missionary style, cowgirl style, and girl on girl sex, even a mini-orgy involving three couples next to one RV. By the time we got back to our RV, we were hotter than the surface of the sun and ready to fuck each other's brains out. 

As we entered the RV, Shelley grabbed me and said, "You need to fuck me right now before I rip all your goddamn clothes off!" We literally ran to the bedroom, stripped and fucked each other for a solid hour before exhaustion finally overcame us and we drifted off to sleep. 

==== 

When we awoke the next morning, we were both sore from the workout we'd had the day before, but we showered and got dressed. I made bacon and eggs with hash browns and toast since I thought we might need the energy for the start of the Roman Weekend. We decided to visit the pool today since it promised to be a scorcher. We opted to leave our suits in the RV and just carry a couple of towels to the pool. The old man who checked us in a few days ago drove up in his golf cart and stopped. 
