 I'd known Ryan and Pierce for a long time, over ten years, and when my husband left me for a girl younger than all of us; it was my old friends I moved in with. I needed a place to stay. Lance and I had no kids, so it was easy enough to divide up the assets. I was bitter and unhappy but truthfully the marriage had been paling for a while now. We'd been together fifteen years and at thirty-eight I was alone again.

Ryan and Pierce had a third roommate whose lease was coming up, and they told him they'd need the place back after the lease was up. He went, and I moved into the third bedroom of the house they owned.

They both took care of me in their way. Pierce was definitely the kinder of the two, and he was the one who stayed up late with me, drank with me, made sure I made time to see my girlfriends and didn't just hide in my room. Ryan didn't do any of that, but he kept a close eye on me all the same and made sure my car was maintained and helped to make sure all of the new bills were in my name.

Pierce also was the one who held me when I cried the first few times. God, nothing makes you feel more unattractive or old than your forty-year old husband making a fool out of himself over some young tail.

And I really wasn't unattractive. Sure, I was almost forty myself, but I had kept my good looks. I'd always had an extremely youthful face, and was still occasionally getting carded this far into my thirties. I'd positively hated it when I was younger, but as promised, I liked it now. I had long wavy hair, large brown eyes, caramel skin, and as for my body, well, while it wasn't the body of my twenty-year-old self, I kept myself in shape by going to the gym three days a week and dancing the other two, and even going out to dance clubs once or twice a month. My breasts were medium size, so didn't sag, my belly was only slightly rounded, and I still had lovely curves. I had never liked my thighs, which I felt were a bit big, but guys seemed to love round soft thighs, so I reconciled myself to them. And both my hands and feet were still soft and supple.

Ah well. I'd been living with the boys for six months now, and was getting better each day. Not that they were boys, either, that's just what I called them. Pierce was forty-two, and Ryan, forty-eight. They were both extremely handsome men. I'd always had a fondness for older men, and as I myself got older, nothing had changed - the men I admired just got older. I still had a big crush on Patrick Stewart and Liam Neeson.

Pierce had dark eyes and dark hair, and an easy smile that lit up his whole face. He was British, and had mastery of the characteristic dry wit. He was also an excellent cook and did all of the cooking - I gladly took over the cleaning up. I hated to cook (though I loved baking and often baked treats for all of us.) He was tall and always dressed impeccably. 

Ryan had straw-colored hair and these piercing blue eyes that seemed to see right through you. He rarely ever smiled and his wit was as coarse as his personality. His face was lined with the cares of a lifetime. He had this gaze that when he looked at you intensely, you felt like your entire history was revealed to him. He was stocky and solid as hell, and filled his button-down shirts in a way that captivated me. 

One night I came home from work early - I usually got home before either of the boys - and bringing up the mail, noticed a large envelope. I brought it inside and sat down to open it. 

It was my final divorce paperwork. Lance had finally left me. 

Pierce found me two hours later, the paperwork strewn across the table, my fifth mojito in my hand. I wasn't much of a drinker, and rarely drank more than two drinks. I hated most strong liquors and preferred mixed drinks. So five mojitos was a fair bit for me, and I was feeling it, especially because I had mixed extra rum in it.

"Hey, mate," he said, and took in my situation. I was still wearing what I wore to work, a long flowery skirt with a solid color blouse. I had kicked off my shoes and was watching the sunset with my legs curled underneath me.

I looked up at him, feeling a bit tipsy. "Hi, Pierce."

"What's the matter?" I gestured to the papers and he picked them up and glanced over them.

"Why, this is a cause for celebration, not for tears," he said. I wiped my face and was startled to find there were a few.

"I'm sorry. I was just sitting here thinking of old times."

"Lance? Hold on, let me get changed and I'll come back out."

Pierce was out in a few moments, having changed into his favorite blue silk pajamas. I watched as he plugged the iPod into the receiver and put on some smooth jazz, which I had begun to grow an appreciation of ever since I moved in with a jazz lover. He came over and easily sat down on the hardwood floor near me. "Untangle yourself," he commanded, and I slipped my legs out from underneath me. He took my feet into his lap and began to massage them.

I reached out and hesitantly touched his cheek. "You're so nice to me."

"You deserve it. Now listen to me. This is a good thing. You're shut of him."

"I know. But I feel like..."

"No, no buts! He certainly didn't think about you when he went to his twenty-year-old chit of a girl."

I giggled. "He didn't think of my butt, either."

"And a mighty fine butt it is." We both laughed, and I leaned back, enjoying the touch of his hands on my feet. 

"So, it's over. What do I do now?"

"You begin your new life, love. You've got your share of the money you two earned. I suggest you start out by buying something you never got to before."

"Actually, that thought had crossed my mind."

"A motorcycle, right?" I nodded eagerly.

"I've wanted one since I was fifteen and my cousin took me on a ride on his bike.

"That good, huh?" 

I blushed a little and nodded. "I think that was my first orgasm, actually."

"Nice. So, what, a Vespa?"

"No!" I laughed. "A Vespa's for girls. They're cute and all but I want a motorcycle. Not a stinky, loud Harley, either. I want a bike that's light and fast and sexy. I want a bike that looks like it's moving when it stands still."

"Oh, you want a crotchrocket."

"Is that what it's called?"

"That's what I've heard. Let's buy one. Weekend's coming up, I'll help you look."

"Really? You think so?"

"Absolutely. Tell you what, I'll buy you the helmet."

"You don't have to do that."

"It's my divorce gift to you, love."

"All right. It's decided! I can afford to throw caution to the wind...a little."

"Good girl. Now come on. This is one of my favorite songs. Come dance with me."

He pulled me up and into his arms and I went willingly enough, the skirt dropping back around my calves. I smiled up at him and then laid my head on his shoulder. His arms came around me and he held me tightly. 

I let him lead me in the dance, moving slowly with him. We both were excellent dancers and I had only improved my skills since moving in with the boys. 

I loved the feeling of his taut body against mine. I loved the male scent of him, and the silky feel of his pajamas, and the fact that I could feel the erection that had most likely started when he was rubbing my feet growing against me. I looked up into his face and we kissed, feeling the desire grow between us. He was a tender, considerate kisser, with full sweet lips I could kiss all day long. 

Obviously I hadn't stayed celibate for long after my marriage dissolved. I felt no guilt about this, either. Unlike Lance, I did wait until we parted. 

Pierce's hands dropped to my hips and then over my ass, rubbing against the curves. I felt his thumb hook into the top of my skirt and rub the little hollow at the base of my spine. I kissed his neck, smelling his cologne and feeling his five o'clock shadow rub roughly against my skin.

We heard the door in the lock, and without separating, turned to watch it open and Ryan come in. He saw us immediately, dancing barefoot in the living room, and gave us one of his mirthless grins.

"Started early, did we?"

"Hope you don't mind."

"Not at all." He dropped his keys and his wallet, kicked off his shoes, and walked over to us. Picked up my mojito and drained the rest of it, grimacing.

"Damn pussy drinks. When are you going to start drinking something better?" he grunted, and came up behind me, slid his arms around my waist. 

I felt his body press against me from the back, and I leaned back into him, though never letting go of Pierce. I turned my head to receive Ryan's much rougher kiss, and his tongue invaded my mouth. Ryan's lips were thin and his mouth was hard and demanding and I always gave in to him. I watched fondly as his lips then met Pierce's, deepening into the kind of kiss that always made my nipples tingle. Pierce gave into him just as I did. 

I swayed back and forth between them. I don't know how it happened, but moving in with them had been a wonderful experience. 

"Shall I make dinner?" Pierce murmured, and I nodded, reluctant to let him go. I did, though, and was pulled fully back into Ryan's arms. He turned me to face the kitchen, and lifted me bodily and carried me to the door, so I was fully visible to Pierce, who put on an apron and began to cook.

As he did so, Ryan began to fondle me, making sure his lover - and mine - could clearly see what he was doing. Pierce groaned. "This is like torture."

"It's meant to be, limey. Now shut up and cook."

Ryan's hands squeezed my breasts and tweaked my nipples. I was already totally helpless and under his spell but I slid my arm up over my head and around his neck, exposing myself to him even more. He found the gap between my blouse and my skirt and his hand snaked up my shirt to find my breasts. He pulled down the cup of my bra and I moaned to feel his hot, bare hand directly on my skin.

"Let me see," murmured Pierce, who had started the water for the pasta and was now chopping the chicken.

Ryan obeyed wordlessly, pulling my blouse roughly over my head and dropping it to the floor. My bra was undone with the same alacrity and tossed onto the floor as well, and my skirt followed. I was left dressed in my stockings, a pair of bikini underwear, a gold chain around my neck, and nothing else. Both men were still fully dressed and that turned me on more than I could tell you. I caught sight of the large bulge in Pierce's pajamas and shivered, knowing what was waiting for me later.

Ryan's hands were already back on my tits, mauling them and gripping them. I moaned and writhed in his hands, and craned my neck up for another knee-weakening kiss. One of his hands dropped away from my breast, crept down my belly, and slipped into my panties. I was reminded once again of how large his hands were as he cupped me completely, and then worked one thick finger into me.

I cried out loud as he forced my legs apart. I kept my eyes on Pierce, walking back and forth in the kitchen, looking over at me as often as possible, as Ryan began to finger-fuck me. He wasn't gentle, and I didn't want gentle. Gentle would come later, under Pierce's loving ministrations.

Ryan was incredibly strong. I was not really a small girl, at 5'6" and 130 pounds, but he lifted me with ease, with the one hand cupping my sex. I was now seated entirely on his finger, and his hand, and he showed me no mercy. He paused long enough to rip my panties down my legs and toss them aside so he could spread my legs even further and show Pierce my wet pussy, dripping with desire for the both of them. His thick calloused thumb stroked my clit, roughly, and he built me up with practiced expertise. I head him chuckle, low and soft, as I came for both my men. I came so hard I jerked in Ryan's arms and he had to tighten his grip so he wouldn't drop me.

"You are so hot," he murmured in my ear as he lowered me down. He kissed my forehead, quite tenderly for him, and then bit my ear, gently.

"Not my fault, you do it to me. And my clothes!" I said, looking with dismay at my clothes on the floor.

"Take them with you and go put on something sexy, would you?" said Pierce, and I smiled archly at him. "Burlap sack?"

"Come on, you," and I yelped as Ryan gave me a playful smack on the ass. I grabbed my clothes, being careful to bend over so Ryan could get a full view of my ass, and scurried off to my room.

I went through the hordes of the sexy things my boys had bought me and happened upon a pink teddy that I'd only worn once. It was girlish and sweet, and I thought it would be perfect for the night that my divorce was final. 

I put on the whole ensemble - teddy, stockings, thong panties, and even cute little fingerless gloves. I came out and posed in the doorway where they could both see me. Ryan had taken a seat at the table and was watching Pierce, occasionally grabbing his cock or his ass as he went by. I felt my desire, still there, just underneath the surface.

They both looked at me. Ryan held his arms out. I went to him, and at the last moment, ducked away and sat on the opposite side of the table.

"After dinner," I chastised. "Pierce is working so hard."

"Pierce is hard," responded Ryan, and we all laughed.

Dinner was ready very quickly and we all ate in the kitchen, together. We had a circular table, and sat so everyone could see everyone else at the same time. I knew they had to be incredibly fired up, I still was, and I amused myself, by occasionally sliding a stockinged foot into one of their laps.

After dinner we retired to the daybed, directly in front of the fireplace. A daybed is essentially a sideways bed, with the board along the length of it and directly against the wall. On this side we had placed lots of pillows and this is what we leaned against now. Pierce sat with me, his hands exploring the teddy and my body underneath it, while Ryan started the fire. Afterwards he joined us on the bed.

For a few moments we just lay together, kissing each other tenderly. I loved watching them kiss almost as much as I loved kissing them myself. In the beginning I had been terrified that I would come between them and hurt them, but, you know, love only grows with sharing. It doesn't diminish.

After a few I smiled up at them. "Don't let me interrupt you boys," and I slid down their bodies. Pierce's pajamas were easy to remove, and his erect cock sprang into view, nestled in a bed of silky black hair, already leaking at the top. I bent my head over it without hesitation and behind me felt Ryan push the panties aside and begin to work two fingers into me. I lay between them, hearing them kiss and make the sexiest sounds.

I jumped a little as Ryan began to push a finger into my ass. He grunted, then got some of the lube we kept near the daybed, and applied a generous helping. Ryan loved my ass and he loved Pierce's, and he was pretty undiscriminating as to whose it was he liked to play with the most. Right now I took it, and just to be fair, began working one of my fingers into Pierce's ass. First I had to reach back and take some of the excess lube from my own ass, and then do so.

As I sucked Pierce's cock down into my mouth, I felt Ryan's hands fully working into my pussy and ass. I moaned and shifted around him but his thick fingers were fully inside me now and I could not fight him. Not that I wanted to.

I didn't want Pierce to come, not yet, so when I felt him building up too high, I pulled away from him. Ryan let his fingers slide out of my throbbing pussy and ass, and awkwardly I turned around. Before I did, though, I interrupted their makeout session to give them each long, loving kisses.

I turned to take Ryan's cock in my mouth. He was very much bigger than Pierce, and Ryan rarely let me take my time about it. Today was no exception, as he surged upwards into my mouth. Fortunately I was ready for it, though, as he began to face-fuck me.  

With Ryan I had no choice, really, if he wanted to come in my mouth. Oh, I don't mean he forced me - I wanted to, but if he was in the mood to come in my mouth he simply wouldn't stop. But tonight was not one of those nights. He fucked my mouth hard enough to make me sore. Behind me Pierce groaned as he fingered my wet holes, open and eager for him.

Soon, though, Ryan lifted me off him. "Mount him," he grunted, and I knew what he wanted of me tonight. I started to turn, but he stopped me. "Facing this way."

So Pierce sat up against the day bed, and I put my back to his chest and squatted over him. He gripped me around the waist and began to lower me onto his cock. I felt him push me open and penetrate me, slowly, slowly, until I was fully impaled onto him.

Ryan then slid us both to the edge of the bed so our legs were over the edge and I had no leverage at all. He slid off the edge of the bed and knelt between our legs. I felt his warm wet tongue on my clit and I cried out. 

Pierce began moving in and out of me, not fast, and Ryan let his tongue wander, from my clit, to Pierce's cock sliding in and out of me, to Pierce's balls. Oh, but this was heaven. In between his warm hot tongue I felt the cool air on my skin, and always there was Pierce's cock filling me up, working its way in and out of me.

When Pierce began to lose control and picked his pace up, Ryan gently pinched his balls. "Not yet. Turn her around."

"You are a cruel man," murmured Pierce, but he obediently lifted me off him, and, as Ryan got out of the way, turned me around. He thrust back into me so my legs were now on either side of him, and lay back on the bed with me. I knew what was coming and I let my lips meet Pierce's again.

I felt Ryan move into position behind me, and I felt the fat head of his cock press against my asshole. Oh, god, if you have never been fucked by two men at once, I highly recommend it. There is really nothing in the world like it. I screamed as his head popped into my tight asshole, gripping Pierce tightly, so stroked my hair and kissed me tenderly. Ryan worked that cock up my ass inexorably, and soon he was all the way in, his crotch pressed firmly against my ass. And then they began to fuck me in earnest.

I could feel their cocks rubbing together through the thin membrane of my flesh, and I knew they could, too. They squeezed me in between them and their mouths met, hungry and hot, and I was the glue between them. 

Sometimes Ryan wanted to fuck Pierce's ass while Pierce fucked me, but tonight all of their attention was on me, as their tempo increased, and their pace as well. I was crying out incoherently now, and I barely had any control as I spilled into my first orgasm, then shortly thereafter, another. 

Ryan yanked my head back by pulling my hair for another passionate kiss, and he began to fuck my ass so hard the entire bed shook, Pierce slowed his pace, letting Ryan do most of the work, and as we moaned and panted I felt Pierce losing control. He bit my lip as he filled me with his come, and I came right along with him.

Ryan wasn't done yet, though. He was still pounding my asshole, causing my hair to stick to my sweaty face, as my mouth opened and closed. I felt his grunts come harder and harder and suddenly he moaned my name, "Mel..." And slammed into me. I felt him filling me, emptying himself into me.

We collapsed on the daybed, curled into each other's arms. Their cocks, slowly softening, begin to slip out of me. I felt their come leaking out of my holes, slowly seeping down my legs, and I thought that was just fine.

I tried to shift a little only to hear Ryan growl. "Where do you think you're going?"

I laughed. "I have to do the dinner dishes!"

"Never mind that, you're staying here."

I was happy enough to obey.