 Sabina awoke to a glorious sunny morning. She stretched luxuriously on the soft bed, realizing that she was completely naked from the night before. It still seemed like a dream to her. The previous day she had been a slave who had been taken so many times that she had come to take sex as little more than an opportunity to be humiliated by various over weight masters. Her new owners, Davidius and Sallyarin were different. They had undressed her slowly and then each had made love to her in turn, allowing Sabina to climax in an erotic rush.

She threw back the covers of her sleeping area and walked over to the shutters and opened them quickly, enjoying the hot, Mediterranean sun on her naked body. She looked out over the fields and olive groves. In the distance she could see several farm workers already toiling in the heat.

Sabina turned as the door opened and Sallyarin entered. She was a tall, blonde haired woman with well shaped breasts but unlike Sabina, she was clothed in a clean stola. In the past, Sabina would have tried to cover her nakedness up but now she was happy to allow Sallyarin to look at her all over. She walked over to where Sabina stood.

"Good morning, Sabina."

"Good morning, mistress."

"Sabina, you are to call your master and mistress by our names."

"Yes, miss....." Sabian stopped herself and Sallyarin smiled.

"Did you enjoy yourself last night?" asked Sallyarin.

"Yes, Sallyarin."

"Good. Be dressed and outside quickly. You and I are going into the local town. Do you like gladiators?"

"I have never seen them but know them by reputation."

"The bad news is that we're not going to see them fight. The good news is that we're going to see something else."

Sallyarin pulled Sabina close and kissed her, gently grabbing Sabina's breast and tweaking it very gently. Sabina felt Sallyarin's fingers enclosing around her nipple, starting to rub her tit. She closed her eyes, enjoying the way her mistress' soft touch aroused her. Sabina began to sense a damp patch between her legs and would gladly have let her mistress play with her nipple all day but she broke the kiss and gently pushed her away.

"Get dressed, Sabina." ordered Sallyarin "there will be time for more soon."

Sallyarin walked out and closed the door behind her.

A few minutes later, Sabina was outside, dressed much like her mistress in a fresh, clean stola. The ride into town was uneventful over the bumpy track and they soon found themselves at the town's arena, a tiny place compared to the Coliseum in Rome. They climbed down from the cart and went inside.

They were led down a dark passageway until they came to a barred gateway. The keeper opened it, bowed slightly to Sallyarin and then made to leave.

"I shall return in one hour," he said "enjoy your self."

Sallyarin gave him a small bag of coins and then the man left. They were alone for a few minutes and then they were joined by a gladiator, clothed only a simple robe. Sabina could see that underneath the robe, the man was powerfully built. He was tall and strong, with blonde hair. He nodded to Sallyarin.

"Have you been granted your freedom, Demetrius?" asked Sallyarin.

"Not yet. A few more days and shall be a free man again. I shall return to what is left of my land. Who is this fair young maid?" asked Demetrius.

"She is called Sabina."

Demetrius walked over to Sabina and ran his hand over her face. She liked the rough touch of his hand.

"How long have you been a gladiator?" asked Sabina.

"Too long. I was captured in battle by the Romans and was deemed fit enough to fight in the arena."

"And he fights well." said Sallyarin. "I have seen him fight on many occasions. Do you remember what happened the last time?"

"Yes."

"Demetrius, take off your clothes."

"No."

"You're not free yet. And I have paid well for this hour with you. There are many noble Roman women who pay for your services. And you are still a slave."

Demetrius dropped his shoulders and then took off his tunic in one smooth movement. Sabina gasped at the man's naked form. Demetrius was more muscled than she had realized, developed from many hours fighting for his life in the arena. She allowed her gaze to take in his manhood which was large and erect. She swallowed, imagining that monster forcing its way down her throat. If Sallyarin had been loved by this man, then she must have enjoyed every minute of it. He walked over to Sallyarin and kissed her. After a few moments, she pushed him away and walked behind Sabina. Sabina knew what was going to happen next and she relaxed as her mistress kissed her on the side of her neck. Sallyarin's hands smoothed down to Sabina'a abdomen.

"He's going to make love to you. Open your eyes!"

Sabina did as she was order and could see that the gladiator was standing before her, his cock erect and ready to please. She felt Sallyarin's hand at her shoulder's and then the straps on her stola were slowly eased off.

"Mistress, I am quite capable of undressing myself," whispered Sabina.

Against one wall was a small wooden bench and she walked languorously over to it. She sat down and slipped off the straps of her stola, easing it down until gently until her breasts were displayed for the pleasure of those present, her dark red nipples erect and full of erotic promise. Sabina spread pulled the garment up over her thighs and spread her legs wide. She put a hand down to her sex and began to rub, enjoying the erotic thrill as she felt her cunt grow wet and swollen. She closed her eyes and let her fingers explore the silky hairs around her vagina and began to dip inside and out.

Sabina was almost ready to cum when she felt the gladiator's hands around her wrist pull them away from her pleasure zone. She opened her eyes and found the man kneeling on the floor in front of her. Sallyarin was standing behind him, deeply aroused by the spectacle before her. Sabina leaned back against the wall as the man traced over her burning tits with the backs of his hands. She gasped at the rough palms as they slowly manipulated round the red mounds. Sabina thrust her hips upwards and allowed Demetrius to pull her stola to the floor. She gazed hungrily at his erect cock, full of longing to feel it either in her mouth or burrowing deep within her. She licked her lips. Sabina allowed her gaze to travel from the man over to Sallyarin.

"He has a fine manhood, doesn't he, Sabina?" asked Sallyarin.

"Yes, mistress."

"It will be inside you soon enough. I remember the first time he made love to me." She paused, remembering that time. "He chained me up in this very room, and then he took off my stola."

Sallyarin was now whispering by Sabina's naked shoulder. She kissed it. Sabina closed her eyes and relaxed, feeling the warm breath of her mistress against her skin. Sallyarin gently lifted up the slave's arms and gently squeezed Sabina's breasts, pinching the nipples tightly.

"He certainly wasn't tender. He just stripped me naked and slammed inside. I climaxed again and again until I could give no more."

Sallyarin walked over to Sabina, taking off her stola as she came and sat down next to her. She pushed Sabina down gently and her hands slid between the slave's legs. Sabina's cunt was so wet and swollen that she felt as if she was going to climax explosively when she felt Sallyarin's digits between her legs, sliding up her inner thigh. She gasped as the smooth fingers of her mistress felt along to her apex, smoothing to the valley of pink flesh. Sabina moaned softly as the tips of Sallyarin's fingers probed remorselessly at her dewy gate. Sabina leaned back against the wall, her inhibitions dissolving, helpless to resist and her senses aroused to their utter limit. Sabina spread her legs wider, allowing her mistress greater access to her mound.

Sallyarin pushed all the way inside, stretching Sabina's cunt, probing the pink flesh until the slave was almost ready to explode. Sallyarin pulled out and gently kissed the mound of Sabina's breast, gently at first, flicking her tit with the very tip of her tongue. She cupped Sabina's handful-sized tits, enjoying the softness of her naked body and the feel of her stiff little buds beneath Sallyarin's hands, massaging it gently. Kissing her way around Sabina's exquisite breasts, she took her distended nipples into her hot mouth and drew out a long, loud groan of erotic, orgasmic joy. Sallyarin sucked long and hard on one erect red nipple and then transferred her mouth to the other tight bud. As her mistress continued to suck, Sabina's whole body quivered at the feeling of Sallyarin's hot mouth and tongue playing with her breasts.

The other woman gently pulled away, grazing Sabina's bud with her teeth. Sabina moaned a mixture of pleasure and annoyance. She wanted her mistress to carry on until she could hold herself no long and enjoy a volcanic climax. Sallyarin laid her flat on the hard wooden bench and started to kiss down her body, beginning at her forehead. Sabina had forgotten all about the gladiator. She glanced over to him. He was standing against the wall, his erect cock standing proud and true. She wasn't sure but she certainly felt an erotic thrill being naked before a complete stranger for the first time. Sallyarin dragged her tongue over Sabina's body. When the tip came into contact with the areolas around her tits, she yelped, feeling her mound grow even moister than it was already. Knowing how pleasuring this was, Sallyarin flicked her nipples several times, gently tracing circles around the swollen areola before kissing down her stomach. Sabina spread her legs wide and let her mistress have full access to her sex. She felt the warm breath of her mistress on her pussy before her tongue slid between Sabina's legs.

Sallyarin found her clitoris and grazed it gently with her teeth before her tongue plunged deep into Sabina's wet cunt, finding her g-spot with the very tip, plunging in and out of her most secret area. Sabina wrapped a long leg round her shoulder, pulling her mistress closer and deeper, thrusting her sex upwards until she could not hold back any longer. She arched her back, her rock hard tits pointing up to the ceiling and climaxed with wave upon wave of shuddering spasms, whole body moving to the tongue lashing of her mistress, releasing juice straight in the mouth and face of Sallyarin. Sabina's pussy contracted tight around the tongue which stimulated her even more. Her breathing was coming in ragged breaths as she concentrated on the deep rubbing of the female tongue in her slit. Sabina tried to pull away but her mistress grabbed hold of her pert bottom and pulled down, forcing her tongue deeper into her pussy. She climaxed again, this time moaning even louder than last time, gasping her pleasure out.

"Ohhhh, nnnnnyyyyaaaaaagghhhhh!" moaned the slave.

When her orgasm had subsided, Sallyarin slowly removed her tongue from her slave's cunt, gently kissing kissed Sabina full on the moist lips of her sex when she was all the way out. She then kissed up the naked body before planting a passionate kiss on Sabina's mouth. The slave could taster her own musty juice. She reached out a hand a gently caressed her mistress' tight nipple. Sallyarin broke the kiss and stood up, beckoning the gladiator to come over. Sabina propped herself up on one elbow, soaked in sweat, her heavy breasts hanging down. She looked up at the gladiator; his big, thick manhood was still erect and knew that it would soon be buried deep within her. Sabina lay back on the bench and closed her eyes. She was slowly coming down from one of the wildest, wettest orgasms she had ever experienced, and she relaxed, remembering the feeling of cumming hard and without fear.

"I think she's ready for you," she heard Sallyarin say.

Demetrius roughly dragged Sabina up from the bench. She could feel the hard rock of his manhood press into the small of her back. She stood there, quivering with fear, wondering whether this would be not an enjoyable session of love making but a violent coupling, arrange merely to provide sport for the gladiator and her mistress. She closed her eyes, her mind trying to shut out memories of the past as well as the present. Then she felt his hands start to squeeze her diamond hard tits. It felt so good, his warm digits probing her breasts. After a few minutes she allowed her hand to travel behind her, searching out that magnificently erect cock she had seen earlier. He scooped her off her feet and laid her back down on the bench. She closed her eyes.

Then she felt two separate tongues on her nipples. Her pussy quivered with delight and it aroused her once more. She opened her eyes and saw Sallyarin sucking on her left tit while Demetrius was busy at the other nipple, biting down hard. Pain and pleasure coursed through her being as her tits were simultaneously abused and adored. She felt his hand on her stomach, and then it was at the top of her sex, tickling round her pubic hair. She opened her legs, letting him find his way to her cunt. She felt the rough edge of his fingers brush against the erect stub of her clitoris. She breathed in languorously when he started to rub the top of her slit. The thought of his big, thick cock slamming deep into her mound made her want him even more. Sabina realized that her left nipples were no longer being sucked and she reached down to pinch the dark red tit.

At that moment she felt her legs being forced wide apart and Demetrius thrust his erect cock into her wet mound. Sabina gasped at glorious feeling of the manhood she had longed for burrowing deep. She had never felt a cock as wonderfully big and wide as this. He had looked good naked but she did not realize how big he was. It must have been at least eight inches long and two inches wide. He impaled her on that prick without mercy, grinding into her. Sabina remembered that her mistress had said just before they started making love.

"I remember the first time he made love to me. He certainly wasn't tender. He just stripped me naked and slammed inside. I climaxed again and again until I could give no more."

Sallyarin had certainly been right about that. Davidius had been tender to her in the past but this was something different and more dangerous. Demetrius was rough and dangerous, banging away at her pussy. She loved the sensation of being fucked by this muscled, handsome man. Sabina turned her head and saw that her mistress was on the floor, her legs spread wide, fingering her own slit, a smile of sheer joy on her face. Then she pulled one finger out and sucked on it greedily. This was so erotic that Sabina climaxed again, just as Demetrius slammed into her again, burying his shaft all the way inside her. She moved up and down on the bench, the muscles of her cunt flexing with each thrust. His prick felt so hot and wide that she felt he could go no further into her but then he pulled out and pushed into again, going to the top of her cervix. She thought he was going to erupt but then he withdrew again. She expected him to penetrate her again but he didn't. Sabina lay on the bench, gasping. Suddenly she felt the warm fingers of Sallyarin invade her mouth. She looked up and saw her mistress standing by her side. She could taste the other woman's musky scent. It was then that Demetrius entered her for the final time.

He rode her and fucked her hard, pushing his cock all the way inside to the top of her cervix while Sallyarin's fingers danced around her lips. Sabina could not stand it a moment longer and she climaxed hard, her juices gushing out of wet pussy as Demetrius erupted his cum just as he was pushing to the very apex of his thrust. Sabina felt as if she was going to explode with joy as she came again and again, never wanting this moment to end. She felt his thick manhood slide out of her cunt, enjoying the feel of the gladiator's prick. She lay there for a second and then a slammed into her again. She wasn't prepared and it felt gloriously hot as she bucked her hips up, welcoming him in to her warmth. Their hips were locked together and finally he withdrew when neither of them could give any more.

Sabina lay on the bench, gasping. Demetrius sat down on the bench, his cock still erect and slick with her juice. Sallyarin walked over to them.

"You two seemed to enjoy that. Did you know that while you were making love, I touched myself until I came as well."

"We didn't notice, Sallyarin." gasped Sabina. Sallyarin's fingers slowly traced over the erect nipples of Sabina. Sabina closed her eyes again, the featherlite touch of her mistress arousing her again. Sallyaring kissed down her stomach, flicking the slave's naked body. Her tongue darted in and out of Sabina's navel. Sabina spread her legs wide, inviting her mistress to taste her juice and whatever cum that was left from Demetrius.

"We must go soon," whispered Sallyarin "But mistress, he has only made love to you." "I was pleasured enough watching you two mate like a pair of wild animals."

The tongue invaded her cunt and Sabina gasped at her mistress eating her out. Suddently she heard a noise and felt the tongue torn away from her. She opened her eyes and saw that Sallyarin was in the arms of the gladiator, who was kissing her passionately. Sallyarin must have got dressed while Sabina had been impaled on Demetrius' manhood. The slave pushed the other woman against the wall. Sallyarin smiled a look of erotic deviousness on her face. The gladiator reached out and quickly pulled the down straps from the other woman's shoulders. With a shrug, Sallyaring was naked again.

"You didn't think you would get out of here without me making love to you first, Sallyarin."

Sallyarin pulled him close, her legs spread wide. Demetrius' cock was erect once again and was stroking the outside of the lips around the others woman's pleasure zone.

"You know how I like it. Do it to me now!" commanded Sallyarin as she wrapped her long legs around his naked, sweat drenched body. She began to move in conjunction with his thrusts, each probing lunge greeted with a gasp. He started quickly and began to move more and more incessantly. Sabina would have called it more a rape than an act of lovemaking until she caught the wild look of passion being released from her mistress.

The gladiator forced his cock into Sallyarin's hole, spreading her legs wide which she wrapped around his middle. It was wonderful watching the pair lock together and Sabina let her hand slide down. She started to masturbate, slowly at first but getting faster and faster as the fucking between her mistress and Demetrius increased in speed. This was no slow, tender moment that she before. This was a man giving a woman what she desired most, a swift, brutal, rough fuck. Sallyarin gasped as she felt the man's rock push into her dark space. She pushed her hips forward, demanding all that the gladiator could give. Demetirus' mouth was on her tits, sucking as Sallyarin felt the moist walls of her cunt give him admittance. Once he was inside there was no stopping him and Sallyarin moaned and gasped and shrieked with pleasure. She threw back her head and experienced a savage climax, cumming hard, like she the first time she had been fucked by this wild, muscled beast of a man.

Sabina's finger's probed round her sex, pinching her clitoris. Just as Sallyarin had cum, so did Sabina, enjoying the primal rush of carnality that was erupting about her. With one final, screaming gasp Sallyarin climaxed one final time as she was impaled on Demetrius' manhood.

There was a knock on the door and Sabina realized that their time was finished. Demetrius opened the door and left. Sallyarin collapsed into the open arms of Sabina. They kissed, long, slow and with passion, the slave lets her hand caress her mistress' naked breasts. Sallyarin broke the kiss.
