 Sabrina had worked at the video rental store for just over two months when Toby walked in. She laid her eyes on him and she was filled with lust. He stood a foot taller than her five feet four inch frame. She loved his large arms and pictured them around her. 

"Where is the adult section?" Toby asked.

She was just standing behind the counter checking in returns from the morning. Her attention was not on her work. She was just looking at his sleeveless shirt and drooling. His words woke her out of the trance. "Adult?" She repeated.

"Yeah! You know." He confirmed.

She started to point toward the room in the corner. It had only one door and no windows. Inside were all the numbered empty boxes. Everyone just ordered by the number. It saved embarrassment at the counter. It occurred to her that there was a better way to explain the ordering process. 

"Uhmmm... Follow me!" She said and led the way to the room. She opened the door wide for him. He easily reached above her head to hold the door for her. 

"Ladies first." He said looking down at her. He smiled.

"Oh! What a gentleman." She said and walked into the room. She turned and stood in the middle of the private room. She pointed with both hands and outstretched arms to the video boxes on all of the surrounding walls. 

"Just pick out what you want and come up front to the counter. Give me the number and I will get the video for you." She said with a great customer service attitude. Then she put her hands together and dropped her arms in front of her. She could feel her wetness between her legs.

"What is your number?" He asked. He didn't look at the colorful boxes on the wall. He just looked into her lust filled eyes.

"I mean the videos silly!" She said.

"I know what you meant. Which are your favorites?" He asked still not looking anywhere but at her. 

"I don't know." She said and thought about the answer.

"Which ones show people doing things that turn you on?" He pressed with another question still only looking at her. To show he was going to wait for an answer he stepped closer to the shelves and put one hand on the top shelf. He leaned on the shelf slightly.

She couldn't take her eyes off of his long muscular arms. His chest was fit and his abdomen was powerful. The muscled showing through his shirt turned her on. She stepped over to the shelf in front of him and picked up one of the boxes. It was of a video she had recently watched. 

"This one is pretty good. It's long and there are lots of scenes. It actually has a plot to it. Most of these don't." She said.

"What is the number on that one?" Toby asked. She looked at the box. Pictured on it was a woman kneeling on all fours. The man behind her appeared to be deep inside. Her face showed the lust she must be feeling. Her mouth was open. Her breasts hung down. If the picture could move Sabrina would have felt the tits bounce in rhythm to the slamming her backside was taking. She was lost in the feelings of the picture for a moment. "Um... three twenty one." Sabrina said and looked back up at Toby.

"Okay, that one then." He said. "Are there other good ones?" He took the box from her hands. He looked at the title and pictures on the box. His cock twitched.

"This one I have watched three times. It has several good scenes." She said looking at another box but she kept an eye on his growing member. "Do you like to watch women together?"

"I like to watch most things, but isn't it better to do them?" He asked and stared at her. She blushed under his watchful eye. Her wetness was going to be evident soon. She could feel herself begin to drip down her leg. With no hair on her pussy lips there was nothing to restrain the moisture. Her little triangle of hair on her mons was useless in this situation. She never wore underwear and her skirt was only going to hide the dribbles that reached down her leg a few inches. 

She rubbed her legs together by crossing her right foot over her left. She leaned on the shelves as he did. The moisture pressed into her soft inner thighs. She couldn't speak.

"What's the number on that one?" He asked and reached out for the other box. She turned the box so he could see the number. "Two sixty nine." He said out loud. "That sounds like the title." He chuckled. 

Sabrina laughed out loud from nervousness. It relived the tension of the moment. She reached out to him and put her hand on his forearm. His cock twitched again at her touch. He took the box from her and placed both of them back on the shelf filling the same holes in the line of boxes where they came from. 

"That should be almost enough for tonight." He said.

"Let's get your videos!" Sabrina said and started for the door. "I will have to get some information and identification from you to set up your account." She said.

"I'll give you whatever you want." He said and reached over her head to push the door open for her. 

He stepped to walk behind her. She stopped and quickly turned around. He stopped short and they collided. To keep her from falling her circled his free arm behind her and pulled her to him. Her breasts crushed against his muscular stomach. She felt his semi hard shaft press against her through his jeans. The wetness from her pussy ran down her left leg. She looked up into his eyes.

"I'm sorry!" She said. "I forgot something. Back up." She commanded.

He took three steps back into the room. He released the door which closed again. He kept his arm around Sabrina. She walked with him. His member grew harder as they moved against each other.

"You get one free rental with the two you have." She said looking up into his eyes. She raised her hands to his hips and placed them there almost as punctuation to her free offer.

"So I can have anything I want?" He asked.

"What might that be?" She asked in return. "I mean which video."

"I know what you meant. Have you got any videos of a guy getting sucked off in the adult section of a video rental store?" Toby inquired.

She reached for his belt. Undid the large buckle and released his jeans from his waist. She pulled his pants and briefs together down below his knees. She dropped to her knees and grabbed his swelling unit with both hands. She looked up into his eyes. 

"If we have that video it would look like this." She said and took the head of his cock into her mouth. They looked into each others eyes as she wet, licked and sucked him. After a few seconds he put his finger under her chin. He lifted her face off of his cock.

"Let's make that two sixty nine video." Toby smiled.

Sabrina pulled the bottom of her skirt up around her waist revealing her sex. She turned around and lay down on the carpet under him. He knelt down over her and slid his cock into her waiting mouth. She hungrily devoured it. He bent forward. With his strong arms he pulled both of her thighs around his head. He put her sopping snatch into his mouth. She shuddered with orgasm as he tongue fucked her. He pulled on her soft thighs and ate her cunt. 

The cock in her mouth got farther from her as he pressed into her groin. His torso was much longer than hers. Even though he bent his back the distance between their mouths and groins was too great for real satisfaction. She stopped sucking him.

"I can't reach you very well." She complained.

"No problem." He put one foot on the floor and tightened his grip on her thighs. He easily stood up pulling her with him. She remained upside down and her pussy stayed around his tongue. Once they were standing her head hung down on his cock and even though she was upside down the position improved their situation. She returned to hungrily sucking his meat. He hadn't stopped eating her sloppy pussy for a second.

She shuddered with another orgasm. Her moans were muffled by the cock in her throat. He was excited by her responses. He kept on eating he and only glanced at the door as it opened allowing another customer to enter the private room with them. The door shut behind Bill who was smiling through his full beard. He stood just inside the room and said nothing. 

Bill was much a older man with a balding head and a little paunch for a belly. He was about four inches taller than Sabrina. She couldn't see who came in. She figured she was in no position to do anything about it so she kept on enthusiastically giving Toby his inverted blow job. 

Bill watched Sabrina's soft ass wiggle as Toby ate her pussy. Sabrina shuddered again with another orgasm. Toby let her relax for a moment then moved his arm from one of her thighs to her waist. He spun her around. She wrapped her arms around his neck. Her head was now upright again. She clamped her mouth on his and they kissed deeply. He held her around her waist with one arm and under her left thigh with his other arm. As they kissed he lowered her wet pussy down onto his hard cock. 

She wiggled her hips as he entered her. He held her on his cock for a moment to get her used to it. They broke off their kiss. Sabrina turned to see who was in the room with them.

"Hi Bill!" She said. "We are making our own video."

"I would rent it." Bill said. He was a regular and had spoken with Sabrina many times about his preferences. Sabrina noticed the bulge in his pants.

"Drop your drawers Bill. There's room enough for two." She invited.

Bill dropped his pants and boxers down around his ankles. He took a good hold on his hard cock and jerked it a few times. Sabrina let go of Toby's neck and leaned back. Her pussy pressed into Toby's hips stuffing his cock inside her as deeply as it could go. She held onto him with her legs. Bill caught the weight of her upper body at her back as she bent backwards and swallowed his cock upside down. 

She couldn't move her head or hips much at all. The guys did all the work. Bill fucked her mouth and Toby fucked her pussy. She remained more than two feet off the carpet. After a few minutes Toby closed his eyes and grunted. Sabrina moaned and shuddered. Together they had their orgasms. Toby filled her with warm sperm. She had to remove Bill's cock from her mouth to breath. 

She let out a few low moans afraid that others in the store could hear her. Toby stayed still with his softening cock slipping out of Sabrina. Eventually he had to put her down. Bill and Toby slowly lowered Sabrina to the carpet and laid her on her back.  

Bill still had his pants around his ankles so he waddled around to position himself between her legs. Sabrina laughed softly as he waddled. She lifted her hips to him. He knelt down and plunged his hard cock deep into her sloppy cunt. They fucked missionary style. 

Toby pulled up his pants, zipped up and cinched his belt back into place. Sabrina shook all over with another orgasm. She raised her shirt and squeezed her breasts with both hands hard as she came. Bill continued to fuck. When Sabrina moved a hand away from one of her breasts Bill suckled her nipple. He bit into the hard nipple until it was painful to Sabrina. She put one hand on his balding head to signal him. He stopped biting and pressed his tongue against her areola and pressed hard circling it over and over. 

Sabrina hugged his head to her breast and shook with yet another orgasm. Bill moaned into her breast as she shook and came he filled her with his seed. Bill stood up and Sabrina sat up. She crossed her legs and leaned back on her hands behind her. Her shirt was up high on her chest exposing her nipples. Her skirt was bunched around her waist. Her open legs showed her freshly fucked snatch and the cream pie of cum dribble out of her.

"Tell Timmy out there behind the counter that I need a little help in here." She said to Bill.

Bill went out of the room as soon as he fastened his clothing. In a moment Timmy walked into the room and let the door close behind him. He took one look at Sabrina and immediately lay down on the floor between her legs. She put her knees up and braced her feet on the floor accommodating him. He started licking. First he got the puddle of cum under her then he moved up to her sloppy snatch. He used fingers from both hands to open her and buried his tongue in his work.

"Timmy is bi." She said to Toby. "He likes your cum as much as I do."

"He loves his work." Toby said.

Twenty year old Timmy was thin and the same height as Sabrina. The two of them had several occasions for a hot moment together. It took Timmy a couple of minutes to get Sabrina cleaned up. She massaged her breast with one hand as he did. She had a small orgasm when he licked enthusiactly around her clit. She dropped her head back and closed her eyes. Toby took that moment to quietly leave the room. When she opened her eyes again he was gone.

"Darn it!" She pouted. "Am I cleaned up?" She asked Timmy.

"Yes you are." He replied. "Do you want me to stop?" 

"Give me one more orgasm and then stop." She said. "We have to get back to work soon."

Sabrina changed hands and massaged her other breast. She closed her eyes with the pleasure Timmy was providing. Sabrina thought about the story she would tell her husband that night. She was very good at recounting her sexual escapades. She told her husband everything in great detail after she had an encounter. It made their sex life so great. 

He loved everything she told him. She seldom had to make up anything. It turned them both on so much that they would have great sex for hours as she told her stories.

Sabrina shuddered and moaned with another orgasm. She flooded Timmy's mouth with her juices. He lapped them up quickly and stood up. Standing above her they clasped hands. He pulled her to a standing position and helped her straighten her clothing. She kissed him on the cheek.

"Thanks for your help" She said.

"I loved it! Those two guys tasted good." Timmy said and opened the door for her. They walked back behind the counter and helped customers. After the line of waiting customers got shorter her boss walked up to her and asked her to join her in the manager's office.

"Here we go again." She said to Timmy. Sabrina followed her manager into her office. They closed the door.