 Molly tiptoed out of the beach house shortly after dawn. She watched the sun come up over the house and reflected on the events of the previous evening. 

She had been in a full-blown orgy with Gina, Aaron, and Jim – her first experience with more than one lover at a time, and Gina had been her first female lover – up until they all passed out from exhaustion. Molly could only sleep for an hour or so, however, because she was still super-charged with carnal lust. She thought about what the next two days might bring and was so lost in fantasy that she didn’t hear Gina come out onto the deck. 

“Sorry, honey, I didn’t mean to startle you,” said the older woman. She was wearing only cut-off shorts, so Molly had easy access to her perky breasts when they embraced. “What’s on your mind?”

“Gina, it’s like I’m on speed,” Molly replied as she sat down. She unbuttoned the oversized flannel shirt of Jim’s so Gina could see she wore nothing underneath. “It’s been building since Jim and I first got together, but after last night, I just want to fuck anything that moves. It feels great, but it’s a little scary, too.”

“Nothing to be scared of, I know exactly how you feel, believe me. I think we’re alike in a lot of ways, Molly, and I envy you for getting off to such a great start with Jim and, well, with your dad.” 

Molly looked around anxiously at that remark, but Gina assured her that both Aaron and Jim were still sound asleep and she continued.

“I knew your father when we were both in graduate school together. I don’t blame you one bit for fucking him – he was a terrific lover back in the day, and I’m sure he’s still hot now. You could do a lot worse for a teacher.”

“Well, it’s not that I’m ashamed of it, I just don’t want Jim to know, not yet,” said Molly, more at ease. “His family was pretty much the opposite of ideal, from what he’s told me, and I don’t want to freak him out by telling him.”

“I can respect that, Molly, though I think after last night especially, he can take it. Still, it’s up to you – he won’t hear about it from me.”

“Thanks, Gina,” answered a relieved Molly. “Now, to change the subject only slightly, tell me what’s up with Aaron and his mom!”

Gina laughed and suggested they go for a walk down the beach. Molly agreed and put on some sweatpants, while Gina grabbed a light sweater and her sunglasses. After getting a short distance away from the house, Gina continued the story.

”I don’t think Aaron would mind you knowing the facts, so here’s what I know. You know the art gallery near the university?”

“Yeah, they’re got great stuff in there. I met the gallery owner just once, she seems nice but younger than I expected.”

“Right, that’s Aaron’s mother. Traci is in her mid-30s and, well, you can see why anyone would want to fuck her. It’s a secret around town about who Aaron’s father is, you hear a lot of gossip, but Traci told me the truth recently. She and her older brother had been fucking each other, and she found out she was pregnant right after he and their parents flew him back east to start law school. There was a plane crash, everyone died, and Traci at 18 was the sole heir to the family’s fortune.” 

“My god, that’s awful,” muttered Molly.

“To say the least, honey. Traci had to grow up very quickly, and thank goodness for the family friend who stepped in to be her husband and made the whole disaster manageable until she could handle the family’s business on her own. The fellow was a flaming homosexual, but he was a good dad to Aaron and a good friend to Traci until he died about six years ago.”

Gina sat down on the dry sand and motioned for Molly to do the same.

“Wow, it’s already so hot, going to be another scorcher today. Anyhow, Traci has been a fine trustee of the family’s money. She’s given a lot to the university’s art department and other fine arts program in the state, and she’s a respected member of the community, even to those old enough to suspect the truth. Underneath that proper venue, though…”

“Oh, don’t tell me,” exclaimed Molly.

“Yep, Traci and I have been fucking on and off for a while now. She is exclusive with women, but when my Karla and her Aaron were still dating, she confided in me that she wanted him. He’s the spitting image of her older brother, and it’s all she can do to keep her hands off him.”

“OK, if she’s into Aaron, and he’s game, then what’s the problem?”

“I told her the same thing, everyone’s of age and then some, but she’s hung up about the taboo of it all. That just makes it spicier to me – and of course, Aaron looking the way he does sure doesn’t hurt.”

“Mmmhmm, he’s amazing,” agreed Molly. “How is it that he’s so much better than boys his age?”

“I’d like to take some credit for that,” Gina chuckled, “but Karla broke him in quite nicely, I’d say. Are you enjoying him, too?”

“Oh fuck, yes. That cock of his, it reaches places that, well, just wow.” Molly fanned her face and the two women laughed.

“You're preaching to the choir. Let’s go get us an iced coffee to cool off before we start attacking strangers, what do you say?” 

The women pulled themselves up and shook out the sand. Before they could take a step, though, Molly grabbed Gina’s shoulder.

“I just wanted to say thanks, for everything, this weekend. I really liked being your bitch last night – you are an amazing lover.”

“Oh Molly,” Gina exclaimed. “You’re the one that’s amazing. And hey, you can wear the strap-on tonight and I’ll be your bitch.”

They both giggled and sealed their plan with a long wet kiss, and then they walked into town. It was still very early, but Gina knew of one place that would be open and serving what they both wanted.

Manning’s was a small bakery just off the town’s main road. When the women entered the shop, there were no customers yet. The man behind the cash register was the only person around; he was stocky with a bald head and funky chin beard. He looked up from his clipboarded list, and his eyes sparkled with recognition. 

“Hey, Doctor D! How the hell are you?”

“John, good morning. I’m good, we just got in last night.” Gina hugged him across the narrow counter. “This is my friend Molly – John is a former student of mine, he runs the bakery by day and manages the radio station at the community college every other hour of the day.”

“Oh, right,” Molly nodded, “I recognized your voice. You hosted that world music show last night, right?” She looked at his broad shoulders and large biceps bulging underneath his shirt – what else on this man bulged, she wondered.

“Hey, good ear. Yeah, that’s me. Just trying to add a little diversity to these bland airwaves when I can. What can I get you fine ladies this morning?”  

“For starters, hunk, two of your finest iced coffees, please,” said Gina. 

“Coming right up – anything to eat?”

“Molly, what do you say, are you hungry…?” Gina teased. She saw the look in Molly’s eyes and recognized it as one she had more and more frequently herself. Molly turned to her and licked her lips, and Gina decided to follow her hunch.

“John, nothing for me, but Molly looks like she could fit something in her mouth.”

The man turned from the coffee dispenser, looked Molly over, and nodded.

“I think I know just the treat. Gina, you’ve had it before – would you recommend it?”

“Oh I would, John, I think Molly would really enjoy it.”

John looked out the bakery’s big bay window and extended his hand out to Molly. 

“Why don’t you come around this way then, Molly, and let me show you.” 

Molly followed his lead and walked around the counter. Beneath John’s round stomach, his crotch swelled. Molly was almost entranced by the opportunity to suck this stranger’s dick. She kneeled down in front of John and cupped his bulging cock. 

“Looks good so far,” Molly replied. “I’ll just unwrap it now, if that’s OK with you.”

“Lady’s choice, sweetness, please help yourself,” said John, running his hand through Molly’s tousled hair. Gina peered over the counter to watch, rubbing her braless nipples through her sweater.

Molly pulled down John’s jams to reveal his cock, a short thick beer can of an erection. She wondered for a moment if she could fit her mouth around it, but only for a moment. Molly could feel her pussy glisten up as she coated the length of John’s cock with her tongue, feeling the lust begin to build within her again. The cock twitched and pulsed, and she reached around John’s ass to thrust his entire can into her eager mouth. She could taste the pre-cum already. 

“Oh hell yeah, you don’t waste any time, baby,” John exclaimed. “Doctor D, she’s quite the little cocksucker. If I hadn’t gotten laid last night, I would have cum by now.”

“Oh yes,” Gina agreed, “she’s gifted. How is Jenn, by the way?” 

“Still, erm, cool and she's, uh, doing great,” John struggled to speak through Molly’s oral attack. He reached up to rub Gina’s breasts with one hand and braced himself against the counter with the other.

“Thanks for the compliment, John-John, I appreciate it,” said a voice from the back of the shop. All three of them turned to see a young woman wearing a brown apron, covered with flour, as the voice’s origin.

“Jenn, there you are!” Gina enthused. “This is my friend Molly – we were just getting some early breakfast.”

“Hey, Doctor D, good to see you again,” Jenn winked. She clapped the flour dust off her hands and walked over to where Molly was going down on John. “Nice to meet you, Molly, mind if I help you with that?”

Molly shook her head while keeping John’s throbbing can in her mouth. Jenn kneeled down and rubbed her hands across John’s legs and ass, touching Molly’s hand and then tracing down her arm to her chest. Jenn flipped around her apron to expose a sleeveless t-shirt and cut-off scrubs. Molly could see when she knelt down that the other woman had no underwear on, and the legging of her scrubs opened up to show off a bushy thatch of brown pubes. 

“Keep going, I think John-John is enjoying it, let me just make you more comfortable,” Jenn said. She began to unbutton Molly’s shirt and massage her breasts. Molly closed her eyes and kept blowing John while Jenn got her even hotter. It was easy for the baker to slip into Molly’s sweatpants and feel how wet her pussy was getting. “Wow, you’re already pretty damn comfortable, aren’t you?”

“I sure have missed coming in for breakfast here, Jenn. You and John always know how to fill me up,” Gina groaned. John’s hands were now under her sweater, pinching her nipples forcefully. Gina could barely remain standing. 

“We’ve missed you, too, Doctor D. Just last night after sex, my brother and I were wondering if we’d see you this weekend,” said Jenn.

Molly’s eyes jolted open at this comment. Brother? It did nothing to cool her ardor, though, and in fact she moaned around John’s cock. 

“John-John’s close now, Molly, let me show you how we do this in my family.” Jenn licked her hands to taste Molly’s cunt juices, and then lined up John’s cock to face her. Molly released John from her mouth but continued to lick up and down his shaft. “That’s it, Molly, keep him boiling.” 

Jenn pulled Molly’s shirt off her shoulders, leaving her topless before the incestuous pair. She then tugged John forward and rubbed his cock against Molly’s soft breasts. John understood her intention and stepped up to grab Molly’s head while his sister drove his cock into the valley between Molly’s tits. She leaned back to receive this offering, propping herself up with her extended arms. The head of John’s cock thrust out the top of Molly’s cleavage when Jenn pushed her breasts together. 

“It’s like seeing what fucking looks like from the inside, eh, Molly?” cooed Jenn. She reached around to squeeze her brother’s balls, eliciting a loud moan. “I think he’s ready, Molly, are you?”

With a shudder, John blasted his cum right into Molly’s face. The ropes of jism hit her square once, twice, and then a third time. John threw his hands up and yelled something guttural in triumph. Gina frigged her own throbbing clit while she watched the scene. Before the cum could drip down to Molly’s neck, Jenn leaned in to lick her face clean. 

“Oh, John-John, tasty as ever. Here, Molly, try some – you earned it.” 

She thrust her cum-soaked tongue into Molly’s mouth, and the two young women snowballed John’s load between them. Jenn reached back into Molly’s pants and went for her clit, which by now was standing almost erect like a cock. Jenn tweaked it between her fingers and rubbed Molly’s wet naked breasts with her other hand. Molly broke their kiss long enough to scream.

“Fuck yes, keep doing that, you’re going to make me cum,” she cried.

Jenn smiled and complied. As Molly felt her orgasm contracting through her cunt, Jenn reached in and found Molly’s g-spot. She rubbed it and her clit together, and Molly burst through with her strongest climax of the weekend. 

“Oh, unh, unh, yes, fuck yes, yes!” 

John grinned at the sight and walked from behind the counter to the front door. He flipped the “OPEN” sign around to “Back in 15 minutes” and pulled down the shade. 

“Doctor D, I believe you’re next,” he said as he embraced Gina, groping her ass under her cut-offs. He lifted her up onto the counter and pulled down her shorts while Gina removed her sweater and put it behind her head.

Jenn held Molly as she came down from her orgasm. When Molly stopped shaking, she kissed Jenn again. 

“That was fucking incredible!”

“Hey, any friend of Doctor D’s is a friend of ours – isn’t that right, John?”

“Hell, yeah!” replied her brother. He was between Gina’s thighs and licking her pussy and asshole while the older woman writhed on the countertop.

“Now, let me show you how I like to cum, Molly.” Jenn directed Molly’s hands to her hips to untie the scrubs. “I warn you, though, I’m one of those female ejaculators, and so you’re going to get wet.”

“Glaze her like a donut, sis!” John shouted from above.

Molly hoped this weekend would never end. And yet she could not help but wonder about Aaron and his mother, Traci. What did Gina have in mind for them – and would she be there to see it…?