 It was a Friday night and we didn't have anything special planned. My boyfriend Will got home from work and said that he had talked to his buddy Ryan earlier and he was have a little get together. So, we decided to go. When we got there, there were about six people: Ryan, Chris- his best friend, Jenna (the girl Ryan was fucking), two guys I didn't know, and a girl I didn't know. 

Well, I had to take a piss, so I went in the house right away. Inside, another one of Will's friends, Mont, was mixing some drinks. I said hi to him and headed straight for the bathroom. I came out and asked Mont for some kind of "Vodka Monster" drink. It was really good and I ended up having another before I went outside. Will then came in the door and said he had to take a piss. Right behind him came the girl I didn't know and Chris. They were talking about something and she was laughing in a strong, I like-to-be-fucked way. She was pretty, with blond hair and good sized tits. She looks right at me and says, "Hi, I'm Carmen, and you are?" 

Not a shy girl, I thought. "Karrie, hi." She looked at me again in a strong, once over, kind of way and then turned around and hollered at Mont to make her a drink. I wondered into the living room and sat down. I saw Will come out of the bathroom and Chris went over to talk to him. Then, there was Carmen plopping down beside me. 

"He is defiantly good-looking!" She said looking into the kitchen at the two guys talking. I assumed she was talking about Chris and asked if she came with him. 

"No, I'm Mont's cousin, I live in Missouri. But who knows who I'll be leaving with" This came with a big, nasty grin and she hopped up and went into the kitchen. I heard her say something about dirty dancing and both the guys smiled. Suddenly, she was gyrating her ass against Will and touching him all over. He looked genuinely surprised, but not at all like he didn't like it. I just sat, stunned and watched. I could feel myself getting not only upset, but also aroused. I didn't know what to think, I don't think Will did either, because he pretty abruptly turned and went outside. She followed him and Chris followed soon after. 

Well, I wasn't going to let this happen without me. I jumped up and followed them. Outside, he was standing by the car and as I walked closer, I saw that she was with him. As I walked up, she looked at me with a blank expression and left. 

"What the hell was that all about," I asked curiously.

"She said she wanted to fuck me." 

"Just like that, She said she wanted to fuck you?" 

"Yeah, then I told her I was here with my girlfriend and she asked where she was. I told her you were inside and then she understood. She didn't see us come together." 

"Oh, so now she knows she's going to have to get it somewhere else." There was a long pause and then he said, " Well, after I told her she said she thought you were cute and wouldn't mind doing both of us if that's what it took." Now they're something new to think about. I glanced over towards the fire and noticed Carmen talking to Chris and as I looked over, she looked up and our eyes met. Her eyebrows went up slightly in a questioning way and then she gave me a small wink. I suddenly had a feeling that tonight was going to be more than I bargained for.

We took our drinks and went and sat down by the fire. It was a cool fall night and the fire felt warm on my skin. The two guys were trying to get some people to come with them to the Cowboy, a local club, but no one seemed interested. I know I wasn't, I had a feeling something a lot more exciting was going to happen here. 

"Fine then, we'll go and have all the fun." they said and got in their truck to go. There was silence for a while and Carmen pipes up "Those two were big dorks!" I was starting to feel a little tipsy and busted up laughing. I needed a new drink, so I got up and started towards the house. I got up to the door, and suddenly there was Carmen right behind me. 

"I need another too" she whispered in my ear and we went in the house. I had forgotten all about Mont, but there he was, on the couch, drunk as a skunk. I guess if the bartender doesn't get drunk, he must not be doing it right. The house also reeked of pot smoke. Carmen goes up to him and sits down right on his stomach. 

"UHH, get off, you cow!!" he hollered, but then he just started laughing. "I ain't making no more drinks tonight" and with that, his eyes closed. "Well, that's fine we'll make our own" I say and turn to grab a glass. 

"Do you know how to make a slippery nipple" Carmen says from in the living room.

After a brief pause, "No, but it sounds good." The music changes in the living room to something with a good groove. "I didn't think Ryan had any good music" I hollered in that direction. 

"He doesn't, this is mine" came back over the thumping beats. Suddenly, her head pokes around the corner and she says, "Come dance with me." I slowly walked into the room and just stood for a second watching her wiggle and move to the slow groove. She ran her hands up and down her body and through her long golden hair and I felt myself getting wet. She reached her hand out to me, I grabbed and she pulled me in.

We were now grooving together; brushing at first then with hands sliding over each other's bodies, then grinding together. Her breasts were so full and I felt her nipples through the thin material of her shirt. No bra there. Her lips were in a pouty look and she kept licking them and that tongue was so small and sexy, I just wanted to have it all over my body. Her hand grabbed onto my hip and we ground together, and then it moved up and over my breasts. I almost screamed it felt so good. As the song was coming to an end, she pulled my head closer to hers and our mouths came together in one of the most passionate, soft, sweet kisses I have ever felt. 

This girl knew how to kiss! Then the song was over and I opened my eyes and there were Chris and Will in the doorway; both with huge eyes and open mouths. I started cracking up because they looked so funny. 

"Look at them" I said to Carmen and she started laughing too. 

"You guys look like a coupla ghosts!" She cackled and brushed past them into the kitchen "I need another drink." I asked Will to get me one too and went to sit down on the other couch. Chris came and sat down beside me. I looked down at his lap and could tell he got a little hard watching us dance. 

"Did you like it as much as you thought you would?" He asked. He knew I was interested in girls. 

"Yeah, it looks like you did too." I said as I indicated to his bulge. "Hell yeah, do you know how long it's been since I saw anything like that? Too long. I think I need a cigarette." 

He got up to go out the front door to smoke on the porch. I needed one too, so I followed him. He already had one ready for me and his in his mouth. He had the lighter held out to me, but I just put the cigarette in my mouth and leaned up against him to light mine off of his. He looked a little surprised, but I couldn't help it, my juices were flowing. 

"So, where are Ryan and Jenna?" I asked. "Well, when we came in, they were already kissing all over each other, so when they saw you two in the there dancin', they went straight into his bedroom. I guess it pushed them over the edge." The song that was playing got over and we stood in silence for a while. I boosted my self up onto the railing and felt the cool air blowing all around me. It was getting a little chilly and my cigarette was gone. 

Chris walked up to the door and looked in, "You have got to see this" he whispered. I walked over and looked in. There on the floor were Will and Carmen making out. As we watched, she was unzipping his pants and lowering herself down to suck his cock.

I whispered, "You know, I love to watch, but doing it is much more fun." Then, I was feeling Chris' rough hands reaching around me and on my skin. I turned around and looked at those sexy lips. I grabbed his head and gave him a huge, wet kiss.

He pushed up against me and I could feel his hard dick through his jeans. I reached down and stroked it and he moaned. 

"Let go in where it's more comfortable" As we opened the door, Will jumped up. But, Carmen didn't stop and when he realized we were doing the same thing relaxed again. From the other room, I could hear some pretty loud moaning. The combination of these: Carmen's head bobbing up and down on my boyfriend's rod, the sounds of the two fucking in the other room and Chris pinching my nipples just about sent me into orbit right there. 

Chris started kissing me again running his tongue in and around my mouth while his hands were unzipping my jeans. Sliding them down, he turned me around a pushed me onto the couch slowly kissing my thighs from my knees up to the edge of my panties. I slid my legs apart and his tongue started sneaking under the sides to get at the moist center. I couldn't contain myself anymore and grabbed the back of his head grinding my self into him. 

I felt his tongue slowly lick up and down my soft folds and then around my hard clit. Then he started nibbling a little and I felt the wave coming. I moaned that it felt so good and started pinching my nipples through my shirt. Then he started sucking on my clit and slipped a finger into my soaking pussy and I was gone. I screamed and shook for what had to be an eternity and he didn't give up. 

When I came down, I saw those bright blue eyes looking up at me from my furry patch and told him he was the greatest pussy eater I had ever met.

"Well, it looked pretty good, but just wait until I get at that pussy." I hear from across the room. Carmen had my boyfriends cum dripping from the sides of her mouth and looked so sexy I about leaped off the couch to her. 

"You feel like sharing some of that yummy stuff?" I asked her as I pushed Chris out of the way and crawled over to her.

"Of course," she moaned and our mouths locked for the second time this evening. I couldn't wait to get at her nice full, soft tits and pulled her shirt up over her head. Then I lowered myself down and started licking and sucking on her hard little nipples. 

"I really need to be FUCKED" I heard her say. Well, my Will was still recovering a little from the sucking he had just received and could be of service just yet. But Chris was rearing to go. He came up behind her and slid her pants to the floor. This girl did not believe in underwear. There were no panties either. She got on her hands and knees and he slowly dipped his hard cock into her hole. "OH MY GOD... FUCK ME...Harder, Harder...YES!" She was really enjoying herself. I lowered my self onto my back underneath her and started to lick her clit. I also sucked Chris' balls and licked the shaft of his cock as it appeared and disappeared from her cunt. 

That was when I felt someone grab my knees and position his cock at the entrance of my pussy. I was so ready to be fucked myself I propelled my cunt up at him and sunk it in. It felt just a little different than usual, but I didn't really think about it too much because it felt so awesome to have a cock inside me. 

"UHHH...I'M CUMMINNGG..." and Chris pulled out his dick and sprayed Carmen's ass my face. I felt the warm splatters all over my forehead and a few drops got onto my outstretched tongue. But Carmen wasn't finished yet. She got herself up and I saw her look around to were Will was sitting on the couch. Wait a second, Will was on the couch, then who was fucking me?? I quickly looked up into the space were Carmen's body just was and saw Ryan's cute little smile looking down at me. 

"Hi," he said between strokes. No wonder it felt different, Ryan's rod was longer and thinner, but felt great. That means Will was sitting there watching me getting fucked the whole time. This thought sent me into my next orgasm and I came hard. Ryan could barely hold onto me. I then looked over to the couch and saw Carmen sitting on my boyfriend's hard-on facing me so they could both watch the scene. I saw her body slowly swaying and rocking and her tits jiggling so nicely. 

To the other side of me, I saw Ryan's girl, Jenna, riding Mont like a cowgirl. I guess he woke up for the good part of the party. I wondered what had become of Chris and tilted my head back to see him slouched in the chair with this great, satisfied grin on his face. He was slowly stroking his cock back to life. That was when I got a great idea. 

"Hey everybody, I think all the girls should come down here and lay on the floor with me. Then, all you guys should stand around us and spray your cum all over our bodies!" I screamed out. 

"YEE HAW! That sound great!" The first thing I had heard Jenna say all night. She jumped off Mont, pushed Ryan back out of me and slid her little body down next to me. I reached over and grabbed Carmen's ankle, pulling her down with us and we three started rubbing, kissing and grinding together. 

The four guys all stood around us and it wasn't too many minutes of watching before they all came spraying us down with their hot goo. It was the coolest thing ever; felt just like a warm shower for a second. 

The guys all collapsed and we just laid there in the afterglow that could probably be seen for miles.