 After an amazing session of sex, both Janet and Ryan were lying in bed trying to recover from what must have been hours of wild, passionate sex. While lying there, both Janet and Ryan were talking about their adventurous sex life and wild fantasies they both dream about. Janet started off by describing hers fantasies in vivid detail, and as she begins to tell her husband. She tells him that she has always dreamed of having sex with another woman and having her husband join in as a three-way. Janet told Ryan that her idea of the perfect woman that she has dreamed about is a tall, dark haired woman that has large breast with slim and slender legs and a gorgeous ass. Immediately Ryan had the perfect women in mind. Janet expresses to her husband that all she wants is to make passionate hot love to a women and then enjoy seeing him join in and has his way with both of them. With all the details she was explaining, Ryan was again starting to feel his cock beginning to rise and really wanted to fuck his wife again. He was so turned on to the idea of making love to two woman at the same time and fulfilling his wife's sexual fantasy that Ryan began to come up with a plan on how he could make Janet's fantasy come true 

It was two weeks before Christmas, and Ryan decided that this was the perfect opportunity to act on Janet's fantasy and give his wife the best present he could think of. Ryan's thoughts instantly turned to a beautiful coworker at his job. Jessica has worked with Ryan for quite awhile and recently they have become good friends. He always found her extremely appealing and exotic. Jessica was in her mid 20's and had long dark wavy hair, she has a slender figure and to Ryan and Janet's liking she gorgeous huge D-cup breasts and long legs that she always covered with stockings that made her standout from all the other women that Ryan worked with. Ryan also loved that at work Jessica always wore thongs to work, he knew this because he always sneaks a peek at them when she would bend over to pick something up. This always makes him hard and allows him to imagine what she looked like when she was completely naked. Ryan just knew that if Jessica drove him this crazy, that his wife would just love her. 

It was a Wednesday when Ryan finally got the chance to ask Jessica if she would like to go out for a drink when the shift was over. Jessica accepted and sounded delighted to have plans for the end of the day. 4pm rolled seemed to around in no time and Jessica meet Ryan the bar near their work. 

As Jessica was finishing her third drink, Ryan started to explain to her the reason why he asked her to go out for drinks. He explained that his wife and him love to explore all their fantasies and that Janet's number one fantasy was to be with another women. And Ryan told her that he would love for her to join him and his wife for a wild night of sex. To Ryan's surprise Jessica quickly responded to his question even faster than he expected. With a smile on her beautiful face, she shouted "Yes, I would love to be Janet's present and join in your sexscapades!" Jessica went on to say that she had talked to both of them at the company party earlier in the month and thought that his Janet was very hot and would love to be the woman that she fulfilled her fantasy. She also told Ryan he was sexy and that she has often thought about what he would be like in bed, and would love to be fucked by him too. With all the detailed sorted out, Ryan told Jessica the plan. 

The plan was to have his wife unwrap Jessica from a large box and Jessica would be wearing nothing except a hot red sexy bra and matching throng. With Christmas just around the corner, he knew that he had to keep this a secret for only a little while longer and try not to get aroused by the thought of what was about to come! Janet was going to be in for the best Christmas present that she could ever have asked for. 

It was Christmas Eve, and Ryan told Jessica that he left the back door open and that around 11:30pm to slip in and get into the box that Janet would soon open. As Jessica quickly ran through the house in her bra and throng, Ryan's cock instantly got hard just seeing her sexy body as she jumped into the box. Ryan put on the top and tied a bow around the box, and with that everything was ready. As the clock struck midnight, Ryan and Janet started opening gifts. As Janet opened her gift, she untied the bow and as the four sides of the box fell to the floor, Janet could not believe her eyes. She saw a gorgeous woman standing before her with only a bra and panties on. She looked over at her husband and as he smiled he told her "Merry Christmas." He explained that her name was Jessica and she has thought about having sex with them both for some time now and tonight she was here to make it come true! Jessica walked over to Janet kissed her soft on the lips and took her hand as they both walked to the master bedroom. Ryan followed behind them as he watched both of them running their hands all over each other. He couldn't believe that this was actually going to happen. 

The bedroom was already set for the night and Ryan had lit the room with all sorts of candles. There were also rose peddles spread across the bed and soft music playing in the background. Jessica guided Janet to the bed and laid her down as she climbed on top of her. As they both started to indulge in short small exploratory kisses, Ryan took a chair sat in front of the bed and started stroking his already Harding cock. Janet was a bit nervous at first but when Jessica started to unbutton Janet's top, she began to very excited and ran her hands all over Jessica's round firm ass. Soon, both of them were completely naked and Jessica was passionately kissing Janet and their tongues were becoming one. As she made her way down Janet's body, she started to lightly suck and bit on her nipples and gently caressed her breasts with both hands. Janet was loving the feeling of having Jessica's lips all over her body and the moaning and screaming was making Ryan's cock grow bigger and thicker and he sat and watched them play with each other. 

By now Jessica made her way down to Janet's pussy and was licking her to her first amazing orgasm. Ryan could no long take the action that was happening on the bed in front of him. He got out of the chair and positioned himself directly behind Jessica's beautiful pussy lips that were already dripping wet with her own juices. Ryan bent his head on surprised Jessica by licking at her lovely juicy cunt, as soon as she started to moan into Janet's pussy he stood up and pushed the head of his cock into her pussy, Jessica moaned louder with delight as he slowly pushed all 8 inches inside of her. As he started to fuck Jessica with more and more speed with each thrust, her tight pussy felt wonderful as she contracted her muscles around his swelling cock. Each hard thrust pushed Jessica's face deeper inside of his wife's pussy and as her tongue went farther inside, Janet started to scream out with pure desire. A few more minutes of fucking Jessica turned Janet on so much that she erupted with such an orgasm and coated Jessica's face with her sweet juices. 

Ryan pulled out of Jessica's tight pussy and knelled on the bed as both woman started to suck on his cock. As they both took turns fondling his balls and sucking his big cock, Ryan was in heaven watching both of them take turns pleasuring him and taking his meat into their mouths. Ryan could feel his balls starting to boil as he was getting so hot watching them both suck his cock, that he told Jessica that he wanted her to sit on his face as his wife rode him. Lying on his back, Jessica lowered her pussy lips onto Ryan's waiting mouth and Janet took his cock in her hand and positioned it under her as she slid it inside her. Ryan slowly kissed Jessica's clit as he licked her pussy and tasted her sweet juices and couldn't get enough. As she grinded her pussy back and forth on his face and tightened her legs around his head and yelled out "I am going tooooooo cum all over your fucking face!" Just after hearing her scream out, she had the strongest orgasm he had ever felt as she soaked his face with her juices and they ran down the sides of his cheeks. 

As she got up off of Ryan's face, she could see how turned on he made her and she turned to Janet and watched her eyes roll into the back of her head and she screamed out that she was going to cum and coated his cock with her cum. Ryan positioned his wife on her back and told Jessica that he wanted to watch them eat each other out as he was going to fuck Jessica's tight ass. Ryan knew that his wife wanted to taste Jessica's sweet juices and he wanted to watch her eat out another woman as he fucked Jessica's ass. As Ryan's thick cock is still coated with pussy coat, he easily slipped his cock into Jessica without any problems. As he fucked her tight ass so hard he knew it wouldn't be long before he was going to cum. Ryan looked down as his wife eagerly licked Jessica's pussy and he could hear the moans coming from both of them which wasn't helping him control his orgasm. Ryan thrusted into that tight ass a few more times and that was too much for him as he screamed out "I am going to cum!" and just then Jessica told him something that he never expected to hear, "Shoot that huge load into my tight ass and fill me with cum!" That was all that he needed to hear as he felt his balls release and he shot his load inside her with such force that his cum started to lick back out of her and ran down the cheeks of her ass and onto his wife's face and she looked up and smiled at him. 

The three of them lye of top of each other in a giant heap as they just enjoyed the best sex of their lives. Ryan's wife just looks at him and gave him a passionate kiss on the lips and tells says to him "Thank you!" As he just looks at her, he smiles at his wife and says "Merry Christmas" as all three of them are completely spent from all the sucking and fucking they have just had. That was the first of many times that the three of them have gotten together, but it still goes down as the best Christmas gift ever!