 From the first moment I met Annie I was in lust with her. Petite with big blue eyes and curly red hair, she was a lithe little fox that dazzled most men. She was of course hopelessly out of my reach, being the girlfriend of Eddy, one of my best mates.

Eddy and I played basketball together at uni and I'd been enduring his tales about his new girl for weeks. It started out with him saying he'd pulled this gorgeous 19-year old babe in a pub, then a few days later about how they spent hours making out on their first date, and so on until he boasted about 'fucking her raw'. His descriptions of her were glorious and detailed, and in my mind I'd built her up to be some sort of goddess long before I finally met her.

When I did get to see her in the flesh at last, she more than lived up to my expectations. It was a hot day in early August and a couple of friends and I had decided to head out to the local lake for some much-needed cooling down and relaxation. A couple of the guys brought their girlfriends with them, including Eddy.

When I first saw Annie as she strolled up to our little stretch of lakeside beach, holding hands with Eddy with her hips swaying delicately, I couldn't help but stare. She was indeed glorious, petite but curvy with small firm breasts and flaring hips hidden behind a modest orange bikini. Her long red hair, naturally curly, was hanging loosely around her shoulders which were dotted with freckles. Her nose and cheeks were slightly freckled too, a trait that only added to her sexiness.

Introductions were made and the afternoon passed languidly with the group swigging increasingly lukewarm beer interspersed with the occasional dip in the cold waters of the lake. Annie and I clicked the instant we got talking, my self-deprecating humour and her sharp wit somehow matching up perfectly and we spent the afternoon critiquing other lakeside visitors, from bad choices in swimwear to questionable facial hair styles.

Eddy noticed I was hogging his girl a bit and made sure to break us up repeatedly by either dragging Annie in to the water or laying down on the beach between us and changing the topic of our conversation. I didn't mind - if I had a girl like Annie I'd be jealously guarding her too, so I couldn't blame him much.

Once when Eddy had dragged his girlfriend in to the lake I decided to join them, both to cool down a bit and to finish the conversation I'd been having with Annie about an obscure actress I thought nobody else had heard of but of whom Annie was a big fan. 

We continued to chat as we swam with Eddy hovering around us and splashing water at us repeatedly, which finally managed to stop our talk and get Annie entangled with her boyfriend and me sheepishly hanging around.

I decided to do some proper swimming and give Eddy some time with his girl, so I swam deeper into the lake until the water got too cold for my liking. I headed back and saw Eddy and Annie playing around in the shallow bits. Only their heads were above water and they were doing some serious kissing and undoubtedly some underwater petting and groping.

As I approached they separated and Annie headed to the shore, with Eddy swimming further in to the lake, probably to let his erection die down. Annie let me catch up with her as we both headed back to the beach, and I noticed her cheeks were rosy and her breath a little hurried.

She greeted me and swam alongside me as we slowly headed back to the beach, and suddenly I felt her hand touch my leg underwater. I slowed down a bit and looked at her, but her face betrayed nothing of what her hand was doing under the surface as she continued chatting with me.

I felt her hand move to my crotch, searching and finding my cock through my swimming trunks. She squeezed it and rubbed my dick slightly with her small lean-fingered hand and I hardened rapidly under her touch.

She let go of me just before we reached the shore and strolled out of the lake, water cascading down her gorgeous body. I hung around in the shallows a bit to let my sudden arousal fade and my cock lose its steelhard stiffness before I got out of the water as well.

The rest of the afternoon passed uneventfully. Eddy, maybe sensing there was something going on between me and Annie, kept his girl separated from me and finally made an early exit entirely, dragging a reluctant Annie with him. I stayed at the lake until all the beer was gone and the sun started to set.

----------

I didn't see Eddy nor Annie again until the start of the new basketball season in early September. At our first practice Eddy showed no animosity towards me, so I hoped he'd forgotten about how I'd flirted with his girlfriend at the lake that day.

After practice Eddy asked if I could come by his place to drop off a new videogame I'd been playing so he could give it a try. I agreed and a few days later on a Saturday afternoon I headed to Eddy's house. Like myself, Eddy still lived with his parents as the university we went to was nearby for both of us.

When I arrived at Eddy's place he opened the door for me and welcomed me in. He was wearing tracksuit pants and nothing else, which I didn't find surprising as it was a pretty warm day. I'd dressed in shorts and a loose shirt myself.

"Hey Ryan, good to see ya. Come on up, it's just me and Annie here. The folks are away for the weekend." He closed the door behind me and lead the way to his room. I was surprised to hear that Annie was in as well - I'd expected it to be a typical guys-only afternoon with loads of gaming and swearing at the computer, but with Annie here that was unlikely to happen. It would probably end up as a short stop to drop off the game and I'd be back at my own home, but then without my current favourite videogame to play.

Eddy's room was on the top floor of the three-story house. His room occupied the whole of the attic with a large skylight providing daylight. Annie, dressed in tight jeans and a red sleeveless top, was lying on the narrow one-person bed in the corner of the room under the slanted roof and looked up from a magazine as I came in.

"Hi Ryan!" she exclaimed and came over to give me a cosy hug. I returned the hug, glancing at Eddy but he didn't seem to mind - he was actually grinning as he watched Annie hugging me.

"Go ahead and install the game on my PC," Eddy said as he pulled Annie out of my arms and on to his bed. I moved to his computer desk and settled on the chair as Eddy and Annie lay down on the bed. Immediately they started making out, seemingly forgetting about me entirely.

I shook my head and focused on installing the game on Eddy's computer. It was a straightforward installation that, after the initial few clicks, required a lot of waiting as the files were copied to the PC's drive. I leaned back in the chair and looked over to the bed were Annie was now lying on top of Eddy and they were kissing intensely with lots of tongue action.

I suppose I was meant to look away and give them some semblance of privacy, but I figured he'd invited me in here and Annie was quite a sight for sore eyes, so I kept watching the two as they made out with abundant passion. It was actually arousing to watch and I felt a bit of a voyeur.

After a couple of minutes they finally broke their lip and tongue lock and looked at me. Annie giggled. Eddy asked "are you enjoying the view, mate?"

I grinned at him and folded my hands behind my head, leaning back further in the chair. "I sure am," I said, "don't stop on my behalf."

"Hmm, we won't then," said Annie as she cupped Eddy's face and pulled him back into a kiss. I chuckled and kept watching them as they continued their tongue-gymnastics until the PC pinged at me, signalling the completed installation of the game.

I turned my attention back to the computer and as I was wrapping up the game's installation I heard Annie and Eddy whispering to each other, with some giggling and chuckling going on. I pretended not to notice and started up the game, hoping to show Eddy the game's opening cinematics which were quite impressive.

But before I got that chance Eddy and Annie had gotten up from the bed and were heading out of his room. "We're, uh, going to my parents' room, okay?" Eddy said as he was almost dragged out of the room by a visibly aroused Annie. "Just hang around here and play your game," Eddy managed to say before a giggling Annie pulled him down the stairs to the first floor.

I sighed and settled back in the chair, knowing all too well what Eddy and Annie would be up to in his parents' bedroom one floor below. I thought about sneaking down and trying to watch, but decided against it - a little bit of voyeurism was one thing, but if I got caught watching them have sex it might mean the end of our friendship and would lead to some mighty uncomfortable situations at basketball practice.

I skipped the game's opening cinematics and started a new game. As I waited for the opening level to load I listened intently from any noise coming from downstairs, but I heard nothing. I was slightly turned on by the knowledge that only one floor below me my friend was having sex with a gorgeous young woman, and I decided the game was insufficient distraction from this.

I closed the game and fired up Firefox to start hunting for online porn. If Eddy was having fun downstairs I might as well have some fun of my own, however shallow in comparison.

But before I'd even begun typing the URL of my favourite free porn site I heard the bedroom door one floor down open and Eddy's voice calling out. "Hey Ryan, come down here for a sec, will ya?"

I was confused. Why did Eddy want me downstairs? Wasn't he supposed to be having wild sex with his girlfriend? I sighed, closed Firefox and headed down the stairs.

I found Eddy's parents' bedroom door slightly ajar and the sounds of rustling bedsheets coming from the room. I hesitated for a moment. "Come on in Ryan," I heard Annie say from within the room.

I pushed the door open and stepped in. Eddy's parents bedroom was dominated by a huge king-sized bed with sand-coloured sheets. Annie and Eddy were lying under the sheets, which were pulled up right to their necks. I couldn't tell how dressed they still were but what I could see from Annie's shoulders seemed to lack the straps of the top she'd been wearing before.

They were both looking at me and smiling somewhat nervously. "So, Ryan..." Eddy began, but he seemed lost for words after that. Annie continued on his behalf. "Eddy and I have been talking, you know, and, well, we've been experimenting with, you know, what we do in bed..." She blushed and hesitated, at which point Eddy seemed to have regained his courage and said "basically we want you to join us in a threesome."

I blinked and stood there, my mind a confused whirl of thoughts, unsure of what to say or do. Annie locked her eyes on me and leaned towards Eddy, and I saw her arm move under the sheets towards Eddy's groin. She seemed to grip his cock, a soft groan coming from Eddy, and started to move her hand to bring life to Eddy's dick.

The sheets had fallen down a bit as she'd leant over Eddy, revealing the beginning of her chest where the curves of her firm breasts began. She kept stroking Eddy's cock which was rapidly growing under her touch, her eyes never leaving mine. Eddy leaned his head back on the pillow as his girlfriend stroked his member to full erection under the bedsheets.

I felt my own cock hardening in my pants, and my hand moved down automatically to adjust it to give it space. Annie watched me as I did, smiling, and licked her lips. That seemed to do it for me - whatever would happen, I wanted to fuck this gorgeous little fox of a girl, and if I had to do it together with her boyfriend then so be it.

I pulled off my t-shirt and kicked off my shoes. As I struggled to get rid of my socks Eddy chuckled, and with a sweep of his arm he pulled the sheets off the bed. Both he and Annie were naked, and the first thing I noticed was the size of Eddy's dick.

It was positively huge. Annie's lean fingers barely managed to wrap around Eddy's shaft entirely as she stroked him slowly, a solid nine inches protruding from a trimmed bundle of black pubes. Eddy was definitely better endowed than me.

The next thing I focused my attention on were Annie's breasts. They were small and firm and capped with small pink nipples that stood out proudly. Perfectly shaped tits that begged to be palmed and handled, kissed and squeezed and sprayed with cum and rubbed vigorously.

My gaze wandered further down Annie's body, admiring her tight tummy and shapely hips, until my eyes caught sight of that wonderful valley between her legs. She was shaved entirely bare, not a hint of hair in sight, and her pussy was magnificently formed with pink lips protruding ever so slightly. Now I licked my lips as I imagined diving in there and tasting her.

I pulled off my socks and then, without further ado, got rid of my underwear as well. I had started to shave entirely down there so I was as bald as Annie. My shaft was standing straight out and pulsed with my heartbeat, its purple head swollen and eager. 

Annie patted the bed on her other side and I climbed on it, laying down next to her so she was between me and Eddy. She reached for my throbbing fuckstick and her slender fingers wrapped around my steel shaft. She squeezed me before beginning the same slow, deliberate stroking motion she'd been giving Eddy all this time.

Annie looked at me, then Eddy, and then me again, a wide smile playing across her full lips. "Now what am I going to do with these two?" she asked as she squeezed both our cocks.

I moved on to my side and reached for her breasts with one hand, cupping one of her gorgeous firm tits and squeezing it, then letting my fingers play across her hard nipple.

She gasped lightly and I leaned in further, releasing my grip on her tit to let my mouth take over. I wrapped my lips around her small hard nipple and sucked lightly, then opened my mouth wider and sucked more of her firm tit into my mouth.

Eddy moved down the bed and Annie spread her legs to accommodate him. He settled in between her legs and attacked her cunt hungrily. Annie closed her eyes and leant her head back, her hand still wrapped tightly around my pulsating dick.

I moved from one breast to the other, engulfing them with my mouth, sucking her nipples and squeezing them roughly with my big hands.

Eddy licked her cunt furiously, dipping his tongue in to her moist pussy. He then slid one finger in to her fuckhole, slowly pushing it into her until his knuckles touched her cunt. He fingerfucked her slowly as he licked her clit, then added a second finger and started fingering her thoroughly. Annie moaned and squirmed under Eddy's assault on her pussy and my treatment of her delicious tits.

Annie pulled on my cock and grunted "come up here, let me suck it", to which I happily obliged. I abandoned her tits and kneeled on the bed beside her head, my raging man-meat aimed at her face. She didn't hesitate for a moment and immediately wrapped her full lips around my angry cockhead, engulfing my steelhard fuckmeat.

I groaned and grabbed her long red hair, pushing her further down on my throbbing cock. She moaned and tried to swallow the full length of my fuckstick, her tiny mouth stretching to accommodate it.

Eddy in the meantime continued working on Annie's soaked cunt, alternately sticking his fingers and his tongue in her love-canal and lapping up her musky juices. As Annie's mouth moved up and down the length of my pulsing dick, Eddy released her cunt from his oral assault and moved to aim his gigantic fuckmeat at her wet hole.

I had front-row seats to the spectacle as he slowly pushed his titanic dick into her, her cunt-lips stretching around his massive member. She moaned louder, my cock embedded in her hungry mouth, as Eddy invaded her cunt with his dick that seemed unable to fit in there.

Somehow he made it fit, though not entirely - almost two inches of his throbbing monster were still outside and a painful jerk from Annie signalled he'd bottomed out. "Careful," she whispered, "not too deep", before once more swallowing nearly all of my dick.

I suddenly realised the problem - Eddy was too big. Annie was a petite woman and his massive nine-incher bumped into her cervix well before he had his full length in her. This was obviously a painful experience for her, which meant Eddy could never pump all of his massive boner into her without also causing her significant pain. I wondered if my own more modest six and a half inches would fit, knowing my chance would definitely come very soon.

Eddy began fucking Annie with slow, deliberate thrusts, ensuring he didn't push too deep every time he shoved his huge fuckmeat forward. Annie's attention to my own fuckstick continued unwaveringly, as she moved her tongue around my throbbing shaft in her mouth.

I didn't need to push her head forward any more as she eagerly tried to swallow as much as possible of my hard cock, rapidly moving her mouth up and down my length. She wrapped one of her hands around the base of my cock, fingers caressing the bulbous sack of my balls, and with her other hand she grabbed her one of her tits, squeezing roughly.

I leaned over a bit and put my hand on her other tit, squeezing and rubbing it with equal roughness, my fingers pinching her hard nipple. She moaned at this and tried to deep-throat my cock, pushing herself forward as my cock stretched her mouth and rubbed against the back of her throat. She came close to embedding my full length in her throat but had to relent, releasing my throbbing member from her mouth, her saliva dripping from my steely shaft.

She squeezed my balls as she looked up at me with a wide grin, gasping "nearly there." Eddy in the meantime pumped his monster dick into her tight cunt over and over and, losing a bit of his composure, pressed too deep again, soliciting a pained yelp from his girlfriend.

She glared at him, then pushed him off her. "Time to switch" she said with such total authority that neither I nor Eddy dared to object.

She lithely turned around and got on her hands and knees, her face in Eddy's crotch and her curvaceous ass pointing invitingly towards me. She got working on Eddy's engorged manhood instantly, wrapping her luscious lips around his man-meat. She couldn't get even half of his fuckstick into her mouth but she sure gave it a brave attempt.

I turned my attention to the banquet of feminine pleasures now laid out before me. Her ass was heart-shaped and perfectly curved, with her dripping pussy peaking out from just below the pink sphincter of her asshole. I decided to get as much of this as possible so I leaned in and buried my mouth between her gorgeous asscheeks.

Annie groaned and wiggled her ass in my face as she gorged on Eddy's cock. My tongue found the folds of her soaked cunt and I tried to shove as much of it into her fuck-chute as possible, thirsty for her juices. She tasted magnificently, her nectar a perfect mix of musky bitterness and creamy sweetness, and I knew right then and there that I'd have to taste this more often.

My hands cupped her asscheeks firmly as my mouth assaulted her moist cunt, my tongue dipping into her folds, then lapping along the whole length of her slit. I let my tongue roam upwards to her pink ass which I teased momentarily with the tip of my tongue, eliciting a groan from Annie, before I ventured back to her soaked pussy.

As juicy as her cunt tasted in my mouth, the need to stuff my fuckmeat into her was growing beyond control. After several delicious minutes of tongue-fucking her canal I decided it was time to put my cock where my mouth was. Yet as I lifted up from her pussy I couldn't help but linger at her ass for a moment, quickly pushing my tongue against her tight pink sphincter and feeling it relent ever so slightly, provoking another groan from Annie who was busy trying to choke on Eddy's titanic cock.
