 Sabrina found that working in the pizza parlor takes more effort than she expected. She also didn't like that the hours. She got off work at two in the morning. She ended up staying up all night and sleeping all day. It was wearing her husband out. 

There were some perks to the job though. Beer was free. She liked sticking around for a little while after work and hoisting a few with the guys who closed the restaurant. They were lots of fun. She especially liked the head cook Charlie. 

He was sweet to her and made sure the guys didn't take advantage of her being new and a girl. He took extra time to show her how to do everything and she appreciated it. She also liked the bartenders Mike and Tony. They were always making jokes and having fun.

One evening the four of them closed the restaurant. They did their entire cleanup. The guys took out the garbage. Charlie spent the last several minutes making a very large pizza for them to share after work. Sabrina helped clean up all the last minute dishes and covered all of the pizza ingredients with plastic wrap. 

The last two customers got up from their table ready to leave. Tony escorted them to the door with a happy smile and cheerful voice said. "Thank you for your business. Come back real soon." Then he locked the door. Mike cleared the table and cleaned it off. 

Tom and Mike quickly put all the chairs up on the tables. They did this to make it easier for the janitors to clean the floor. It was nice too because people coming to the restaurant after closing time could see they were too late. Most of them just looked in and drove on without stopping.

Charlie finished cooking the pizza. He removed it from the oven, cut it, put it on a tray and walked over to their favorite afterhour's table. The liked this particular table because it was close to the bar. It was also hidden from the view of anyone looking in the front windows. The legs of the inverted chairs also helped to shield them from prying eyes.

Tony poured a pitcher of beer. Mike got four frozen mugs from the freezer. They all removed their aprons, hats, vests and name tags and sat down around the pizza at the table.

"Did you see that guy in here earlier with the two girls?" Mike asked.

Charlie and Sabrina shook their heads no. Tony said. "I saw him. Those girls were hot! They couldn't keep their hands off of him."

"Nice odds." Sabrina said.

The guys all confessed in turn that they had never been with two women at the same time. They had gone round the table clockwise. Next to answer the question was Sabrina. The guys all looked at her eating and drinking silently.

She was a little embarrassed by their stares. She didn't think it would be good to share all of her experiences with them so she decided a story would be best. She was very good at recounting her sexual escapades. 

She told her husband everything in great detail after she had an encounter. It made their sex life so great. He loved everything she told him. She seldom had to make up anything. It turned them both on so much. 

She took another slice of pizza and bit into it to buy a little time. Between bites she told the story of her and two of her girlfriends. The guys hung on every word of her story. They ate and drank not saying much except to ask a question about specifics. 

They could all picture the naked women giving each other the very sexual pleasures she described. Their cocks grew hard. Their bellies got full of food. The beer relaxed them.

"Wow! That is a great story Sabrina." Charlie said.

"Are these women still friends of yours?" Tony asked.

"So, which is better?" Mike the oldest of them asked.

"Yes." She said to Tony. "We still get together now and then." She turned to Mike who was sitting next to her and asked. "You mean between men and women?"

"Right! Which is better?" He asked.

"I don't think they are better just different." She said thinking about all she had done. "I would never give up guys. They are so strong, energetic and fun. Women I love because they are slower and know exactly how to touch another woman."

Mike took this remark as a challenge. He wanted to investigate this whole touching thing. He reached up to Sabrina's upper harm and caressed her. "You mean like this?"

"No silly!" She said and slapped his hand away. "It's not just how you touch as much as where."

"Educate us." Charlie said. "Teach us what to do. Make us better lovers. I'm sure our women will thank you for it."

"Yeah." Tony said. "My girl never complains."

"You can't go by what they don't tell you. You have to talk about it with them. Ask them about what they want and just pay close attention when you touch her." She said.

"You mean like you said in your story." Mike said. "When you were being eaten out by the one and you had the other one's clit in your mouth. You said you couldn't pay much attention being so turned on that you went with a sure thing. Is that what you were talking about? Paying attention?" 

The guys all recalled the pictures in their minds of the story she told. Their cocks responded to their minds. "Wait a second." Charlie said. "I want to hear this."

He got up and cleared the dished and napkins from the table. Tony took the opportunity to refill the pitcher with beer. Mike turned his chair toward Sabrina and asked. "Does this go the same for guys?"

"You mean paying attention?" She confirmed.

"Yes." He replied. "For example, what would you notice about me if you were paying attention?"

"Right now?" She asked. He nodded. "Well, I'd say this discussion is arousing to you." She continued. Charlie and Tony returned to the table. She looked over at them. "I guess you are all a little aroused." She smiled and the guys sat down again.

"Where would you touch me next?" Mike asked.

Sabrina reached over and put her open hand in the middle of Mike's chest.

"What does that do?" He asked.

"It breaks the ice. I like it." She said.

"What next?" He asked.

She moved off her chair and leaned into him and closed her eyes. She kissed him on the lips. He returned the kiss. She sat back down and opened her eyes. He scooted his chair closer to hers and leaned toward her. 

Mike was quite tall and didn't have to lean as much to reach her as she did for him. She met him halfway. They kissed again. This time she opened her mouth inviting him in. He seized the opportunity and put his arms around her back and shoulders. Their tongues slowly explored each other. 

She pulled back. He released her. She stood up and with the back of her knees pushed her chair out of the way. She put her hand on his chest again and threw one leg across his thigh then pulled herself toward him with her other hand on his back. 

He steadied her with both of his hands on her hips. She put her other leg across his other thigh straddling him. She was happy they wore pants to work in. She sat down on his lap and they resumed the kissing. Their tongues found their places again.

"Wow! This is hot!" Tony said.

Sabrina broke the kiss and turned her head to look across the table. She kept her arms around Mike's shoulder. One of her hands remained on the back of his head with her fingers nestled in his hair. 

"Be patient. Be observant. I will get around to all of you in due time." She returned to kissing Mike. 

She closed her eyes again. Mike's cock was rock hard and she pushed down on it with her groin. They rubbed together thorough their clothing as they kissed. Mike reached up through her shirt in the back and lifted it out of her pants. He slid his hands along her naked back. She tossed her head back with the pleasure of his touch. Then she returned to the kiss.

"So what are you noticing Tony?" Charlie asked.

"They kissed again, a long slow wet kiss. His hands on her back excited her." Tony spoke like a sports announcer. "Her nipples are getting hard. She is moving her crotch against his. My goodness! His pecker looks like a Genoa salami."

They all laughed. The pair stopped kissing.

"My turn." Charlie said.

Sabrina got off of Mike. She walked over to Charlie. He moved his chair back and turned it so the other guys could see. She let him grab her at the hips but before she sat down on his lap she pulled the font of her shirt out of her pants. She let the shirt tail hang down evenly around her hips and his hands. 

She straddled his thighs and pressed her now wet groin down into his lap. She rubbed her hands across Charlie's shoulders. They were powerful and she was excited by his strength and the size of his arms. 

He put his hands up inside of her shirt. They ran up along her backbone then he moved them around her ribs and back down her sides to her hips again. She leaned forward. They kissed.

Charlie probed her mouth. She sucked on his tongue. He moved his hands up in front of her. She never wore any underwear. She leaned back breaking the kiss. He caressed her entire breasts with his large hands. Her head fell back. She would have seen the lights on the ceiling if her eyes were open. 

Tony stood up and reached over to her. He unbuttoned her shirt all the way down. The guys feasted their eyes on her naked breasts. Charlie continued to caress them. Tony dropped his pants down around his ankles and sat back down on his chair. He put his hard cock into his fist and slowly stroked it.

Sabrina opened her eyes and looked down at Tony. She loved to watch a cock get hard because of her. She stared at him as he masturbated. Charlie leaned forward and took one of her nipples into his mouth. He sucked it in and took the tip of her nipple in his teeth. 

Mike moved his chair around the table placing it next to her. He put his mouth on her other breast and slid his hand under her shirt up her back. He rubbed her back slowly as he and Charlie excited her breasts. She ground her crotch into Charlie's hard cock through their clothes. 

Charlie let her breast fall from his mouth and looked into her face. She bent forward and kissed him. Mike removed his head. She crushed her breasts against Charlie's chest and gave him a passionate kiss. 

She stopped and said. "Get your shirt off!" Charlie removed his shirt. 

Mike pinched her nipple for a moment. She leaned and kissed Mike then went back to Charlie. She crushed again against his powerful naked chest with her soft breasts and they kissed again. She moved her groin against him. 

Mike got up and pulled lightly but steadily on Sabrina's shirt near her shoulders. Without leaving Charlie's mouth she let her arms drop to her sides. Mike removed her shirt completely. He stood behind her and reached around with both hands to her breasts. 

She kept on kissing Charlie but made room between their bodies for Mike's hands. He massaged the flesh and content of her breasts fully. She started breathing faster. Her crotch was wet and on fire as she rubbed against Charlie. She shuddered all over and broke off their kiss. She had shooting streaks of orgasm run through her.

Mike dropped his hands from her breasts to her belt. He unfastened he belt and pants but could not get to her zipper. 

She saw what he was doing and said "Get my shoes off." 

Mike grabbed one shoe and Tony removed the other. She stood up and wiggled out of her pants dropping them to the floor. 

"Get ready for me. I'll be back." She said to Charlie. She stepped out of her pants and turned to Mike. She pressed her naked body against him. They kissed deeper this time. "You need to be naked." She said to him. 

Then she stepped over to Tony. She put her arms around his neck as he sat in the chair. She bent over from the waist to kiss him. Her legs were straight and slightly apart. She gave Charlie and Mike a great view of her sopping pussy. 

Charlie reached over from his chair and inserted two fingers into her snatch. Mike took off his clothes and moved over to stand next to her. He put one hand on her breast and his other hand on the cheek of her ass and moved them slowly. 

She broke her kiss from Tony and steadied herself as she threw her legs one at a time over his naked thighs. She straddled him as she had done with the other men but this time there was no clothing in the way. 

She rose up enough to let Tony's cock slip under her pussy. She lowered herself onto his swollen shaft.

"Fuck!" Charlie said.

"Fuck her!" Mike said.

Charlie stood and removed the rest of his clothes. He moved over to stand next to Sabrina on the side opposite Mike. The two guys had their cocks in their fists. They slowly moved them with the same rhythm that Sabrina used to move up and down on Tony's cock. She shuddered all over again. Her orgasm flooded her with feelings. 

Charlie dropped one hand down her back. He let it come to rest at the end of her tailbone. He kept the hand in place as he moved his arm with her body. She moved up and down on Tony's cock. Charlie slowly inserted his second finger into the rosebud of her ass. She shuddered again and stopped moving on Tony's cock. 

She crushed her body against Tony and kissed him deeply. He was overcome by feelings and his cock let go. His sperm filled her. The heat from his cum ignited her again. The finger in her ass turned her on even more. She shuddered with orgasm again and stopped kissing Tony. She pulled his head to her breast and hugged him tightly around the head and neck.

"Which of you is next?" She asked.

Charlie didn't say a word. He pulled his finger out of her ass and slid his hand up her back. He scooped under her leg on his side with his powerful arm and lifted her off of Tony. She quickly threw her arms around Charlie's neck and held on. He walked with her into the back room. Mike followed them.

"Flour sacks." Charlie said.

Mike saw the pallet of fifty pound flour sacks stacked about three to four feet high. He quickly moved two of the heavy bags to the sides of the stack. Charlie set Sabrina down gently on one sack. 

She lay down with her back and shoulders against the sack Mike had placed for her propping her up a little bit. Her hips and lower back lifted next to the end of the pallet. This kept her high enough to fuck her standing up. 

Charlie stepped between her legs and drove his fat cock into her. She gasped with the sudden pressure of his thick cock. He established a smooth rhythm and she wrapped her legs around his lower back.

Mike got up on the flour sacks. He knelt over Sabrina with one knee on each side of her shoulders. Her shoulders were supported by the sack his knees were on. He slid his cock into her mouth. She accepted it hungrily. He moved his hips so his cock fucked her mouth. 

She was being fucked in two orifices at once. She shuddered again with orgasm. Her feelings became raw with excitement. She grabbed her breasts which were under Mike's ass. She pulled and squeezed them. Charlie kept up the pace with his fat cock in her sloppy cunt. Tony's sperm lubricated their union.

Tony walked into the back room. He had removed his clothes. He approached the trio with his naked soft cock. "That looks like fun." Tony said.

"Get some olive oil." Charlie directed.

Tony went to the shelves and picked up a cruet of olive oil. "What do you want to do with this?" He asked.

"Get her ass lubricated." Charlie directed then he stopped fucking Sabrina and stepped back. Tony moved into place between Sabrina's legs. He knelt down and poured oil on his finger then slipped it into the rosebud of her ass. He moved it in and out dripping small amounts of oil on his finger as he moved. It made her slick inside.

"Wider." Charlie said as he stroked his cock enough to keep it hard.

Tony inserted two fingers in her ass. He put more oil inside her as needed.

"Wider." Charlie said again.

Tony used three fingers inside her. She widened nicely. She shuddered all over again as mike pumped his sperm down her throat. She and he came together. Mike crawled off of Sabrina. 

She looked down at Tony and watched him pump in and out of her ass. Charlie tapped Tony on the shoulder signaling him to move out of the way. Sabrina looked into Charlie's eyes and braced herself against the flour sack at her shoulders. 

He easily got his wide cock into her as far as the first two inches. She relaxed and he moved out and back into her. She breathed rapidly and looked into his eyes as he pulled out and pushed into her. Finally he reached her depth. 

"Shit!" She said. "I feel like I am going to split in two. Fuck!"

Mike stepped up next to her and put two fingers into her pussy as Charlie fucked her ass. Mike put his thumb on her clit and pinched it between his fingers. She went wild. Her arms went everywhere. She reached out to grab at anything. 

Mike gave her his arm and she held on to it like a lifesaver as her body shuddered and convulsed with her many orgasms. Charlie stopped and pulled out of her ass. Mike continued massaging her clit and cunt. She kept squealing with peak after peak of her body's orgasmic marathon.

"Lift her up." Charlie said.

Mike stopped long enough to lift Sabrina. Charlie slid under her and laid as she did on the flour sacks. Mike set Sabrina back down over Charlie. She stuck Charlie's cock back into her ass and moved up and down on it a few times then stopped. Mike positioned himself between her legs. 

He took hold at the base of his cock with thumb and forefinger and slapped the length of his rod quickly down onto her pussy and clit six times. She went wild again and convulsed some more then he held her still while he filled her pussy with his meat. 

The three of them moved slowly and not very much. Sabrina went off again. She continued with peaks of her orgasm. She was very turned on with her ass and pussy so full of cock. 

Tony climbed up on the flour sacks. He stood above Sabrina. She took his cock into her mouth. Now with all of her holes filled she was one big mass of sexual nerve endings. Every touch set off another shooting spasm of pleasure. Every movement was a welcome love tap. 

All the movements the guys made were magnified in her body. She was numb to the outside world but could feel every slight touch all over her body. Drips of sweat, hairs that move against flesh and air as it breezed by them all had their effect on her.

Charlie was the first to blow his sperm into her. He filled her ass. She loved every warm drop from him. She reached behind her and grabbed his powerful arm to share their intimate moment. Tony was next in her mouth. She swallowed his tasty cum and pulled his ass closer to her with both hands as he came. She inserted a finger in his ass as he pumped his sperm into her. He bucked as she milked his cock. 

Mike exploded his sperm into her pussy. Tony stepped off of her. Mike reached his arms forward. She wrapped her arms and legs around him and hugged him tightly. She crushed her breasts against his chest and buried her face in his neck. He lifted her off of Charlie. The pair continued joined together as Charlie climbed off of the flour sacks. 

Mike set Sabrina down gently on the sacks again as he finished pumping his juice into her sloppy violated body. She wouldn't let go. She sobbed with pleasure and kept her arms wrapped around him. Tears ran down her face. 

Charlie and Tony moved closer. They ran their hands over her tender flesh. Her back, her legs, her feet were all caressed by one of them as they continued for several minutes. She slowly came back from all the wonderful places that her extended orgasm had sent her to.

"I love you guys!" She said weeping and sobbing with emotion. They continued their caresses and supportive touching with her as the centerpiece for several minutes. She lightly kissed each one of them in thanks.

Just then the lock in the back door clicked.

"The janitors!" Charlie said.

*

Note: I would like to thank LadyCibelle for her input and editing of this story. Thanks!