 Spencer ran his hands through his thick brown hair as he unlocked his apartment's door. He felt exhausted from his work as a realtor and was happy to finally be home. The door swung open and he made his way into the living room to see his wife Ada laying on the couch typing on a laptop. Her hair was jet black, cut short, and still messy. She smiled brightly looking away from her computer at Spencer's entrance and as he approached and grabbed his slack tie, pulling him down to her level and she kissed him wetly. He stood back up smiling and took off his tie.

"What are you doing here so late?" She asked him putting her hands on her hips, mocking anger. 

"Sorry I was out making money." He smiled sticking his tongue out at her as he pulled a beer from the fridge.

"It's you birthday, you are not allowed to work late on your birthday!" she stood up walking to him and pulling the beer out of his hands before he could find the bottle opener. 

"I might have had plans!" she said upset as he looked sadly as she put the beer in the fridge. She stood shorter than him in a simple shirt and shorts that ran along her round butt. Spencer smiled noticing her nipples poking from under the shirt as it pressed against her perky C-cups. She grabbed his chin pushing it up so he was looking her in the eyes. 

"I'm changing into something comfy and having that beer. We agreed to have a real party and do something tomorrow." He gently pushed her shoulder and walked around her to the bedroom. He reached the bedroom door and turned to smile at her with a wink. "Unless you feel like celebrating my birthday tonight and tomorrow." He said putting emphasis on the and. He walked backwards through the door. "It's not like we-" He turned around and looked at his bed stopping mid sentence. 

"Hiya!" Said a friendly voice. It was a boy, Spencer roughly guessed he was in his early twenties. He had a very soft and petite hairless body, the hair on his head was a light brown color, he had cute freckles that ran from his cheeks across the bridge of his nose. He pushed himself up on his elbows and smiled waving to Spencer wearing only a tight pair of underwear that hugged his penis. 

Spencer let out a surprised yell and swung the door shut wide eyed as he breathed heavy leaning up against the door. He looked at a grinning Ada, who walked up to him. 

"Um, t-there's a man in our room." He whispered to her. Ada tried to bite her tongue, but couldn't resist laughing hard at her husband's reaction. 

"I know, I invited him." She said laughing. "He's one of Felicity's friends." She said referencing her own friend. "You'd probably would've met him if you ever actually did stuff with me." Her voice trailed off as she raised her eyebrows. She stood up on her tiptoes and kissed her husband as he stood shocked. 

"He's, uh, up for this?" Spencer asked her. 

"He's here isn't he? Would he be here if he wasn't up for it?" She asked him making him sound stupid. "His name is Liam, and he's all yours." She nodded her head to the bedroom, and he opened the door to see Liam laying there. Ada smacked Spencer's butt as he walked in, 

"He's got a cute butt." She whispered to Spencer as he walked through the doorway, shutting the door behind him. 

"Was it something I said?" Liam asked smiling cutely. 

"I, uh, it's just that, y'know I wasn't expecting it." Spencer explained as he gathered his confidence. "It's Liam right?" Liam nodded happily. 

"Nice to finally meet you Spencer. Ada did not lie when she said you were a hunk!" he said giggling at him. Spencer's face burned red as he unbuttoned his shirt and tossed it to the side. Liam rolled onto his stomach and brought his face to the level of Spencer's waist and he worked on taking off his pants. 

Spencer jumped as he felt Liam's hand brush against his penis as he pulled Spencer's boxers off letting his semi erect penis bounce free. 

"You got a great wife, I'm jealous." Liam said as he gently played with Spencer's penis as it grew erect. "Well, happy birthday." Liam added softly as he held up the eight inch penis and ran his tongue up it. Spencer shivered as the feeling of his warm tongue played up and down his penis. Liam used his free hands to play with his balls as he grabbed and tugged the skin of the penis up, and lapped up the pre cum that formed on the penis head. Liam wrapped his lips around the soft head and he worked his warm mouth around and pushed his head down the shaft working his warm tongue and running the penis in and out of his warm, wet mouth. 

Spencer ran his hands through Liam's short hair as he began bucking his hips pushing his penis deeper and deeper into Liam's mouth as his cute bright blue eyes looked up from Spencer's penis and into Spencer's eyes. Liam winked and Spencer pushed his hips forcing his penis in and clenched his hands in Liam's hair as he pulled the penis out of his mouth with a pop. 

"Already?" Liam asked turning his head to the side, surprised Spencer was already going to finish. Spencer opened his mouth to speak but Liam interrupted him standing up in front of him and kissed Spencer passionately as their tongues played with each others. Liam grabbed his shoulders and spun Spencer around and pushed him on the bed. Liam crawled on the bed above him working his way to Spencer as in turn he pushed himself up the bed. Liam reached him and they kissed again. 

Liam broke off their kiss and turned around holding his tight hole out on display to Spencer and shook his hips. Spencer got to his knees used his penis to rub Liam's crack, toying with him. Liam braced himself on all fours, and brought up his hand to lean his chin on it. 

"So are you gonna admire it all day?" He asked him. "You don't have to be gentle, I can handle it" Liam said looking behind him as Spencer put his hands on Liam's hips. Liam put his chin back on his hand. He was prepared to taunt Spencer again when he felt the tip of his penis press against the tight hole as he pushed in the head and Liam sharply inhaled. Gently Spencer worked his penis in and out of the tight hole feeling the warm skin tighten around his shaft as he pushed himself deep into the other man's body. Spencer leaned his head forward and chewed lightly on Liam's ear. Liam giggled as he felt him play with his ear and shook his head, turning to look at Spencer. 

"I didn't expect you to be so gentle." Liam told him as he took in a deep breath as the penis throbbed inside his body. 

Spencer kissed his neck and grabbed the side of his leg and spun him on his side holding his one leg spread from the other and worked his penis in and out of the hole with more force as Liam moaned loudly. The room was filled with the sound of their skin smacking together as their balls swung faster from the force of Spencer pushing his penis in and out of his tight butt hole as Liam began making noises from the feeling of a long thick penis pushing inside of him. While Spencer continued to push his throbbing shaft as deep as he could force it as he dropped Liam's leg and let him lay back on all fours, as Liam arched his back as Spencer kept pumping and kissing his shoulders as his heartbeat was the only thing he could hear in his ears. He squeezed his grip on Liam's waist as let out a loud yell as he felt the hot, sticky cum shoot from his penis deep into Liam's hole that tightened around him. Spencer pulled his penis out of Liam as a string of cum stretched from the penis head to the tight hole. 

Spencer climbed up on the bed next to Liam who panted laying on the bed. Liam rolled over onto his side and laid on Spencer's chest, listening to his heart pump and his chest heave and fall. Spencer kissed him again softly. 

"Awwww." A voice from the doorway said as Liam and Spencer both looked to see Ada standing naked herself, leaning against the door frame. "I knew the two of you would get along!" She said clasping her hands together over her heart. Liam and Spencer both sat up staring at Ada's perky, voluptuous body. "What?" She asked as they looked at her surprised. "You thought I would just sit and listen to you boys have all the fun?" She put her hands on her hips. She walked to the pair as their faces went from surprise to ecstatic grins as Liam squeezed Spencer's hand excitedly. 

"Yes!" Liam said in a choked voice as her hips fell from side to side as she walked before them. 

"Come on." She said using her finger to beckon Liam over who scampered across the bed and jumped off excited standing in front of her. They ran their hands over each other's soft bodies. Their faces grew closer together as the two breathed on each other. Liam kissed her as their soft lips met. She pushed him off and Liam made his way to her breasts and began to lick over the nipples as they grew hard. Their hands continued to rub each other sensually working their hand over their bodies as Liam's penis was pressed up against her torso as he sucked back on her nipples as she returned the favor by rubbing her body against his penis. 

Liam pulled the nipple from his mouth and the two began to kiss again, this time more stronger. Their tongues played together and around each other's lips as they rubbed themselves pulling their bodies tightly together. A loud fake cough broke off their embrace and turned to see Spencer laying on the bed, his penis erect again. He faked a cough a second time. 

"Told you he's jealous." Ada said to Liam as they brought themselves away from each other's and walked over to him. 

"I feel bad for ignoring the birthday boy." Liam said and Ada ruffled his hair. 

"I didn't think you'd get along that well." Ada admitted shrugging her shoulders. "Make sure you do a good job, don't embarrass me. I talked you up." Ada told Spencer sarcastically.

Both Ada and Liam worked their way onto the bed, getting their faces a hair away from Spencer's penis as they both began to lick it running their tongues up and down it again. Spencer closed his eyes as they tasted the sweat that dripped off it. Ada felt Liam's hand running along her butt sensually, and she returned the favor while they licked up and down, occasionally playing with each others tongues. Liam worked on sucking on the balls as Ada gave her husband a blowjob sucking back on it as best she could, her specialty as Spencer shook from the feeling of sexual ecstasy. Ada stopped before her husband finished and crawled her way up to him and when she reached him they kissed. 

"You are not getting off that easy, I deserve a little something for putting this whole thing together." She said stubbornly. Liam leaned forward and ran his tongue up Ada's exposed vagina as she let out a surprised yelp. Both Ada and Spencer looked towards Liam who grinned back scrunching his button nose. 

"I didn't ruin the moment did I?" He asked the pair as they both smiled back. 

"I don't think you could ruin a thing." Ada said and she looked at Spencer who could only nod. "He agrees." 

Ada turned herself around so her backside was facing Spencer who greatly enjoyed the view. Spencer got back to his knees and guided his penis into Ada's wet vagina as the lips closed around his erection. She beckoned Liam who stood in front of her to approach her, and he did as he was told. Ada wrapped her lips around Liam's own erect penis and began to suck on it as she bucked forward from Spencer smacking his own penis into her body. 

Spencer closed his eyes as he moaned letting his penis push into the wet, warm vagina. He get bucking rubbing his wife's hips as Liam shook as he reached orgasm pushing his penis as far as it went into her throat. His cum shot out into Ada's throat as he grabbed her hair pulling at it while he came. Spencer pushed himself into the moist hole and he let out a loud moan as his second load shot into his wife. 

Spencer pulled out as he looked at Liam's beaming face. Ada laid on the bed, filled with cum. She looked at Spencer behind her. 

"Happy birthday." She said to him. 

"Oh you think we're done?" Spencer asked her, faking shocked. "Don't look at me like that, you're the one that wanted something for setting this all up." Spencer climbed out from under her and spun her on her back and leaned into her vagina and began licking her clitoris. Liam climbed on the bed next to her and began to play with her breasts, rubbing her nipples and kissing her as he held himself diagonally, not getting in the way of Spencer who had began running his fingers in and out of her wet vagina as he continued to play with clitoris. Ada clenched the bed sheets with both her hands as she felt Liam's tongue playing inside her mouth. She shook on the bed as an orgasm rushed over her body flowing onto Spencer's awaiting mouth. Liam backed off Ada as Spencer went back up to Ada's head and the two kissed happily. 

"Good birthday?" Ada asked as they broke off their kiss. 

"How am I gonna be able to match this for your birthday gift?" He asked faking panic. 

"I could always help!" Liam offered as he climbed on the other side of Spencer and laid on him, pressing his now soft, cum dripping penis on his thigh. Ada laid on him too as they all breathed heavy on the bed.