 Sabrina had the job at the insurance office for just over a month when she noticed something for the first time. She had spent nearly all of her time filing and sorting client records and hadn't spent much time out front talking with the agents or customers. 

Today for the first time she noticed a really cute agent that she hadn't met. She thought that she knew everyone but this guy was at a desk like it was really his and she hadn't seen him before. 

Her curiosity got the best of her so she picked up a file and walked over to him.

"Is this one of your clients?" She asked.

He took the file and handed it right back to her without looking up. "No." He said.

Dissatisfied with this response she put her hand out and said. "I'm Sabrina. I don't believe we have met yet."

He took her hand, shook it and said. "Glad to meet you." Then he looked up. A nice friendly smile grew quickly on his face. He stood up and shook her hand in earnest. 

He was just over six foot and curly dark hair covered his head. He had a prominent nose and nice eyes. Sabrina was tickled. She smiled really nicely with one of her big tooth smiles. 

She shifted her weight from one foot to another and tipped her head slightly.

"I've only been here a little while. I haven't seen you here before." She said.

"I have been on vacation. I'm surprised nobody told you." He replied.

"I guess it just didn't come up. I've been filing." She said and looked on his desk for a name plate or business card to find out his name. "Somebody must have hidden your name plate."

"Oh! Sorry. I'm Mark. Mark Carlson. I'm an agent here. I handle the property and casualty stuff." He said and noticed Sabrina's short skirt and nice breasts. He could look down inside her shirt and saw no trace of underwear but spied her areola and nipples clearly.

She loved showing off and all the attention that men paid to her. It was one thing she could count on. She wasn't drop dead gorgeous or much of a stand out in any way. Her shoulder length brown hair and average boobs along with her five foot four inch frame put her in the non descriptive column of most people's book. 

She did have a knack though of expressing her personality. She always thought that was the thing that people noticed first about her. They had to get closer though to do that. 

This type of encounter is what it usually took to get anyone's attention. Once she got them looking and talking she could easily get them more involved.

She was very good at recounting her sexual escapades. She told her husband everything in great detail after she had an encounter. It made their sex life so great. He loved everything she told him. She seldom had to make up anything. It turned them both on so much. 

Mark looked like a perfect candidate for a tryst. She decided to look for an opportunity to put him to the test.

"Well, I had better get back to work. I don't want your wife to get jealous by standing around talking." She said.

"Oh! I'm not married." He said. "My girlfriend lives out of town. There is nobody around to keep an eye on me."

"My, my." She said. "You are running wild then." 

"Not too wild. After all I'm an insurance agent. It's kind of a conservative world." He said.

She returned to her work but couldn't keep her mind off of Mark all the rest of the afternoon. Since it was Friday when they met she spent the weekend trying to keep busy but no mattered how hard she tried thoughts of Mark crept into her mind again and again. 

Finally by Sunday afternoon she gave up on forgetting about him and started to work on plans to seduce him. She figured it might take as much as three days. She certainly planned to have seduced him one way or another by the end of the week.

She felt she might be able to rely on Sheri who worked as the receptionist. Shelia and Sheri had already had three girl-girl encounters at Sheri's place after work. Sabrina was counting on Sheri to learn about Mark's schedule and find or make an opening sometime during the week that would give her the time to captivate him. 

At their first break on Monday Sabrina got Sheri out of the office and down to the coffee place in their parking lot. On their way the talked about the plan.

"You have to do this! I want him and you have to help." Sabrina insisted.

"I don't want to lose my job just because you want his big dick." Sheri objected.

"Is it really big?" Sabrina confirmed.

"I hear it's not longer than other guys but it is really thick." Sheri said. "I heard him and Ethel talking once. She commented on what she knew about his reputation and he gave her the dirtiest smile and said something I didn't hear and walked away. Ethel was just stunned and just stood there for a minute. She finally left and I haven't ever known what he said to her." Sheri babbled on.

"Ok, that's not important right now. We don't have much time. Get his schedule and we will go over it at lunch." Sabrina commanded.

The two women returned to work. Sabrina made a point of walking near Mark's desk but he was on the phone and didn't notice her walk by. She was disappointed. 

The rest of the morning went along as usual. No crises in the filing room and not much for conversation with anyone. She just kept the records moving and tried to think of all the possible outcomes of the plan she was going to set into motion.

"Lunchtime." Sheri said. Sabrina was startled by her voice but jumped up and dropped everything. They walked quickly out the front door and over to the neighborhood sandwich shop. After ordering their food Sheri produced a scribbled paper with dates and times and people's names on it. 

The best shot they had was on Wednesday at six in the evening. Mark was set to go Mrs. Walker at her house. The plan was to have Sheri tell Mark that Mrs. Walker cancelled her appointment. 

She wouldn't tell him until just before he left the office. This would be a lie but by the time he found out that Mrs. Walker was upset about him not showing up he would have already been seduced by Sabrina.

Wednesday came and at four thirty Sheri heard Mark announce that he was going to get a quick bite to eat before his six o'clock appointment. She panicked. She quickly called Sabrina on the intercom and told her Mark was leaving and she had better think of something fast. 

"Your six o'clock cancelled Mark." Sheri said as matter-of-factly as she could.

"Mrs. Walker called?" Mark confirmed.

"Yes. She called a couple of minutes ago." Sheri said almost convincingly. 

"She called here?" Mark questioned.

"Yes. I spoke with her." Sheri said and looked Mark directly in the eye.

"Why didn't you transfer her to me?" Mark continued to ask.

"Um, she didn't have time. Some sort of emergency I guess." Sheri said and looked back over the papers on her desk.

Mark was just about to push the issue because he was not convinced of the facts when Sabrina walked up and pulled on his arm.

"I have some filing troubles on your clients that I need your help on to straighten out the files. Can you come back and look at these files?" Sabrina asked.

"What files?" Mark replied.

"I'll show you. Just follow me." Sabrina said and started walking to the back of the office. She turned her head back as she walked forward and motioned to Mark again to follow her.

Mark threw a doubting look at Sheri and turned to follow Sabrina back to the file room.

"Okay, what is this about a mix up in the files?" Mark asked Sabrina.

"It's just that these three files look like they are missing papers." Sabrina said and handed three of Mark's customer files to him. 

He put down his briefcase and thumbed through the files. He pulled out four documents and handed them to Sabrina not saying a word. He then leaned over her and typed something into her computer and moved the mouse around enough to find the detail they needed in the computer. He clicked for the pages to print.

"Those will be on the printer in a moment. Put them into these files according to name and you will be all set." Mark said.

Sabrina glanced at the clock and realized she had ten minutes to keep him busy so she could leave when he did at five o'clock. "Thanks Mark." She said. "I don't know what I would do without you." She stood and hugged his arm then went over to the printer to get the documents. Mark started to walk away. She had to think of something quick.

"Oh Mark!" She blurted not really knowing what to say next. "Are you leaving now?"

"Yes. Is there something else?" He asked.

"I just noticed at lunch that my car was having trouble starting. Can you give me a ride home?" She requested.

"A ride home." He repeated doubting everything that had happened in the past twenty minutes.

"Yes. Would you be a dear?" Sabrina asked.

"I suppose I have time now that my appointment cancelled." Mark said. "Maybe I should call Mrs. Walker and reschedule."

"I don't think you need to do that Mark." Sabrina volunteered.

"Why would you know that? What's going on here?" Mark asked.

"Let me explain it on the way home okay?" Sabrina said now knowing she and Sheri had been caught. She looked into his eyes and saw he had lost his patience. "Just don't make a scene here." She whispered.

Mark picked up his briefcase and stood still waiting for her to get her purse and walk out with him. "Let's go then. This had better be good."

Sabrina and Mark walked to his car and he opened her door. She sat down and let him shut the door and walk around to his side. Once he was in behind the wheel he put the keys into the ignition and put his hands in his lap.

"Okay. Now what?" Mark asked.

"Um, my place." Sabrina said and gave him the address. "I'll show you where to turn and stuff as we go." 

"That's not what I mean." Mark insisted. "What are you and Sheri up to?"

"Whatever do you mean?" Sabrina feigned ignorance.

"I don't believe that my appointment cancelled and you probably threw those documents away just to get me back into the copy room to keep me from leaving." Mark summed up.

Sabrina knew she had been caught and wanted to confess but it seemed like such a waste of a good plan to just let the cat out of the bag right there in the parking lot. 

She did the only thing she could think of. She turned toward mark and raised her left thigh up on the seat of the car so she could make a full turn toward him. 

Her skirt was short enough to let her legs go where she wanted them. Since she never wore underwear she knew she got his attention when she saw where his eyes were fixed as she spoke.

"I just want you to know that it wasn't Sheri's idea." She said as Mark eyeballed her shaved pussy lips. "It was my idea because I didn't want everyone to know what happened between me and my husband." She lied sincerely.

"What happened?" Mark said without moving his eyes off of her pussy.

"We had a fight and he kicked me out of the house. I can't go back there and Sheri is letting me stay at her place until things change." She continued to lie and expand on her story.

"So your car isn't broken down." Mark said.

"No it's fine. I just wanted you to drive me to Sheri's house." Sabrina pretended to confess.

"Okay, where is that?" Mark asked and he brought his gaze up to Sabrina's eyes.

"That's where we are going. Start the car." She said.

Mark started the car and they drove out of the parking lot and down the street. Sabrina kept her position on the seat with her pussy exposed to Mark's gaze anytime he chose to look down.

"So what was the fight about?" Mark asked.

"What fight?" Sabrina replied. "Oh, that fight! It was about me being late coming home from work."

"What are you going to do about it?" Mark inquired.

"I'm going to let him get over it." Sabrina said. "He'll come to his senses when he realizes he needs me."

"You are pretty sure of yourself." Mark noticed.

"I just think I should be able to do what I want to do when I want to do it. Don't you feel the same way?" Sabrina replied.

"I guess I do feel that way." Mark agreed. "Aren't you two just recently married?"

"I wouldn't call two years recent." Sabrina argued. "Have you had someone to take care of you for two years?"

"I haven't had a long relationship with anyone. I'm not really sure I want to commit. I like being able to do as I please." Mark explained.

"Well if you felt like someone was going to be a ball and chain on you what would you do?" Sabrina reasoned.

"I guess I would do as I pleased." Mark said and glanced down at Sabrina's pussy again.

"What would you like to do Mark?" She said but before he could answer she interrupted. "Turn in here. It's that one right there."

Mark parked the car and they both got out. Sabrina took Sheri's keys out of her purse and let them into the apartment. She tossed the keys onto the table by the door. 

"Would you like something to drink?" Sabrina asked.

"I'd take some scotch if you have it." Mark asked. 

"We have some scotch do you want it with ice?" She asked.

"Yes. That will do nicely." Mark said.

Sabrina made his drink and brought it to him. She handed it to him and moved to remove his suit jacket. "Let me take this old thing." She said. "Loosen your tie. Get comfortable. You aren't rushing off."

"I guess I'm not now that my appointment has been allegedly cancelled." Mark said sarcastically. He sat down on the couch and put the drink on the table next to him. Sabrina walked around to the opposite end of the couch. 

She pulled the bottom of her blouse out of her skirt letting the shirttail hang down. She sat down and kicked off her shoes. She moved her bare feet up onto the couch turning her back to lean on the armrest so she could easily talk with Mark.

"So what are your plans for the evening?" Mark asked as he watched Sabrina's bare feet rub against the material of the couch and his eye moved up to watch the bottom of her skirt let her shaved pussy peak out now and then.

"I was going to just take a hot bath and read a little and go to bed." She said. "What time is your bedtime Mark?"

"I can go to bed nearly anytime." Mark said as Sabrina let her knees part a couple of inches. He could easily see her wet snatch and couldn't take his eyes off of it.

"Your ice in your drink is melting." She said. "Let me refresh that for you."

"No, no!" Mark said still staring. "You don't have to move."

Mark picked up the glass and sipped his drink as he looked at her. Sabrina put one leg straight out and down on the couch but kept one knee bent. She moved her knee left and right watching his eyes focus on her pussy when her leg moved to expose it.

"Is it warm in here?" Sabrina asked then she moved her hand under her shirt and rubbed her breasts. Mark took his eyes off of her pussy to watch her play with her breasts under her shirt.

"I don't think it's too warm but if you need to get more comfortable go right ahead." Mark said and put his drink back on the table.

"You first." Sabrina said. "Take off your shoes." 

Mark kicked his shoes off.

"Now your socks." Sabrina said.

Mark removed his socks.

"Now put your feet up her next to mine on the couch." She commanded.

Mark moved to put his feet onto the couch. He was much taller than her and while her feet only reached half way across the couch toward him his long legs placed his feet just under her knees. He put his feet between her legs forcing her to put hers on the outside of his. This brought her pussy into full view and he couldn't keep his eyes off of it.

"Now unbutton your shirt and I will do the same." She suggested.

Mark started at the top of his shirt and she matched his speed at unbuttoning her blouse that he did. Once the final button was released their shirts lay unbuttoned but closed over them. 

She sat there covered with her unbuttoned shirt for a minute before she moved her hand up inside to caress her breast not exposing anything to him. Mark watched her pussy until she moved her hand and then watched that as he imagined what it would look like with the covering material gone.

"Open your shirt Mark. Let me see your chest." She said.

Mark opened his shirt and took it off. He threw it over the back of the couch.

"Now you." He said.

"Mark, you naughty boy." Sabrina teased. "Are you asking a lady to reveal her breasts to you?"

"Yes I am. If you don't take it off I will." Mark threatened.

"Oh! You're naughty Mark." She said and didn't move.

Mark quickly scooted along the couch toward her with his hips. He too hold of the bottom of her blouse with the toes of his right foot and pulled it open as he placed his right foot on the outside of her left hip. He then pulled the left side of her shirt open using his left foot and put it outside of her right hip. Now his legs intertwined with hers holding her open to him. He could clearly see her nipples and pussy from where he sat.

"Mark?" She said.

"Yes. What is it?" He answered.

"Are you going to do more naughty things tonight?" She teased.

Mark nodded his head up and down.

"You are going to tell me what you are going to do then or I won't let you do it." She said. "What are you going to do next?"

"I'm going to fuck you." Mark said.

"Not yet I hope." She objected. "I think you better do a few other things first."

Mark could see her wet pussy and knew he didn't have to do more to turn her on. She was already dripping onto the couch as it was. 

"I need much more from you besides your big cock." She said.

"Oh, you heard about that?" Mark asked.

"I just heard you had a nice one." She teased. "I can't see it very well as it is."

Mark unzipped his pants and slid them down his hips along with his boxers. He lifted his feet and Sabrina pulled on the pant legs removing the pants. He put his feet back where they were holding her legs open for him to view her wet pussy. She tossed the pants over the back of the couch onto the floor. 

Mark's half hard cock was plain to see now. Sabrina had never seen one quite as thick as this one. The last really thick cock she took was at the pizza parlor. This one looked just as thick but it wasn't hard yet.

"Stroke it for me a few times. Let me see what I'm in for." She said and reached up to caress her breasts with both hands.

Mark moved is cock into his fist and leaned his knees out to the sides. His leg movement opened up Sabrina's knees as well as his groin and they watched each others groin as though there was nothing else in the world to look at. 

After Mark stroked himself a few times he moved his right foot back over Sabrina's leg and put his big toe up against her pussy. He rubbed it up and down with the same rhythm that he moved his hand on his cock. 

Sabrina tightened her thumb and forefingers of both hands against her nipples and pulled on her breasts very hard. Mark continued to move his toe just inside of her pussy lips. He could feel her wetness on his foot and after a few minutes his toe was all the way inside her as far as it would go. She moaned with delight and closed her eyes. 

She laid her head back hanging it off the end of the couch and moved her hips slightly along the couch to put more pressure on her pussy with Mark's toes. She began to move her hips in rhythm with his foot.

They were both making small moaning noises as they moved with each other but Sabrina was breathing harder and faster than Mark. He kept moving steadily and she gradually came up to orgasm with the combination of her own touch and his. 

She shuddered and dropped her head forward. Her pony tail flipped over her head and landed down on Mark's foot. He loved the feel of it and raised his foot to let the soft hair rub against it.

Mark pulled his legs up to his chest releasing Sabrina from her confinement. He spun all the way around and lay on his back with his head toward her and his feet up on the arm rest of the couch that he formerly leaned back against. 
