 We live in Arizona along the Colorado River, just outside of Laughlin.  I spend a lot of time out on the boat and this day wasn’t going to be any different.  I make several runs up and down the river and then beach the boat to rest and relax.  As I pulled in, another boat was coming in also.  I had just turned around to get something out of the hatchway when a man called to me.

“Ok if we join you?” he asked.

“Sure, the more the merrier,” I replied.

I watched him pull in and waited for him to shut off his engine.  

“Great day isn’t it,’ I said.

“Yeah, a day just made for paradise,’ he replied.

His passenger was a young looking woman.   She didn’t say anything but got out of the boat and started to look for a place to suntan. I watched her for a few minutes and couldn’t help but notice she had a great body, firm breasts and ass and long shapely legs.  My attention was diverted from the woman when the man came over and stuck out his hand, introducing himself.

“Hi, I’m John,’ he said.

I took his hand, “I’m Ron.”

“Nice to meet you, Ron.  I hope you don’t mind but my wife was getting a little tired of the water and wanted to stop for a little sun.”

‘Hey, that’s ok by me.  I get tired on the water too and need a rest once in a while,’ I relied.

I looked over at John’s wife and she was lying on a large towel, facing us.  She had one leg bend and her legs were spread slightly.  I could see her breasts rising and falling as she relaxed.  

“Don’t mind my wife,” John said.  “She loves the sun and tried to get out in it whenever she can.”

“My wife feels the same,” I replied.

“How about a cooler,” I asked as I reached down to the icebox.

“Sure, don’t mind if I do,” replied John.

As we sat and talked, I couldn’t help but take a long look at John and his wife, who was now lying with her legs spread even more.  John would, every now and then, take a glance over at her and then would continue talking.

John was fairly good looking, older but athletic.  The other thing I noticed was that he had a large bulge in the front of his suit and every time he looked over at his wife, it seemed to get bigger.  As we continued talking, I kept stealing glances at his crotch and then over at his wife.  

He caught me a couple of times looking at his crotch and he just smiled and once, winked at me.

Finally, after a few minutes and catching me again looking at his crotch, “Are you bi?”

I had never thought about it but seeing his growing bulge and watching his wife, I was beginning to get a little hard myself.

“I’ve never really thought about it,” I replied. 

“The only reason I ask is that you seem to be getting a little excited but I’m not sure if it’s my cock or my wife that is exciting you,” he said.

I was taken back by his abruptness and didn’t know what to say.

“It’s ok, you know,’ he said.  “I like a good cock now and then, and my wife likes group sex too.  We don’t get too many chances to indulge but we take it as it comes.”
He reached down with his hand and started to rub his hard cock.  He then stood up and looked around to see if there was anyone else around.  He then pulled his suit down and his hard cock sprang out.  I had never seen such a beautiful cock.  It was a good length, cut and had a great looking head on it.  He continued to rub it with his hand as he looked at me and smiled.

“Would you like to help me?” he asked.

I quickly looked over at his wife and saw that she was still lying in the same position.  I looked at John and then his hard cock.  

“I would,” I said as I reached over and removed his hand from his cock and wrapping mine around it.  It was hard and the head was soft and pliable.  I couldn’t help but start to rub it and he started to groan slightly at the feeling of my hand.

“Oh, that feels good,” he said, as he moved so I could reach his balls.

I ran my hand down and started to massage his balls gently as I continued to rub his cock. 

“Oh yeah,” he said.  “Keep that up and you’ll have me coming in no time.”

As I continued, John reached over and quickly but gently, pulled my suit down.  My cock was hard and sticking straight out in front of me.  He reached up with his hand and wrapped it around my cock.

“There, how does that feel?”

My response came out as a moan and he smiled.  It had been a long time since I had a man’s hand wrapped around my cock, rubbing up and down its length.  

“What about your wife?” I asked quickly, looking over at her.

“Don’t worry about her,’ he said.  “If she wants to join us she will and if not, then we’ll have all the fun ourselves.”

I moved closer to John and suddenly felt the urge to take him in my mouth.  I leaned down and swirled my tongue around his head and he groaned louder.  I licked up and down its length and ran my tongue over his balls.  After a few minutes, John stopped me.

“I think we better go somewhere more private, don’t you think?”

I quickly looked around and nodded.

He quickly put his suit back on and led me to a group of trees.  Behind them was a small clearing, hidden from the traffic on the river.  We both quickly pulled our suits off and I took John in my mouth again.  I reached around and grabbed his cheeks and started to help him fuck my mouth.  He held my head as he thrust his hips back and forth, forcing his hard cock in and out of my mouth.  

“Oh,” He groaned.  “That feels so good.”

It didn’t take long for him to start to come.  I felt his cock twitch and he started to spurt his come, deep inside my mouth.  I sucked on him as I swallowed his hot seed and when he was finished, he let go of my head, pulling his spent cock out of my mouth.  I looked up at him and he grinned.

I stood up as he knelt in front of me, taking my cock in his mouth.  As he sucked and licked me, I looked around a little.  I saw John’s wife watching us through the trees.  She was standing with her legs apart and was fingering herself as John sucked on my cock.

I started to fuck his mouth and as I did, I looked directly at his wife.  She had a lusty grin on her face and knew that I could see her.  As John continued to suck me, she started to take her suit off.  I watched her until she had everything off and was standing out in the clearing, watching John eat my cock.   

She came over and crouched down beside John.  He noticed her and pulled my cock out of his mouth, offering it to her.  She quickly leaned forward and engulfed me and started to suck.  John stood up and came over and kissed me, thrusting his tongue roughly into my mouth. I sucked on his tongue as we continued to kiss and he reached around and started caressing my ass.  After a few minutes, I started to come in his wife’s mouth.  She never pulled back but swallowed all I gave her then licked up and down my length, cleaning me off.

After she was finished, she stood up and John moved into me, wrapping his arms around me as we continued kissing.  We were sucking on each other’s tongues and I felt his wife’s hand on my spent cock.  She had moved so she could grab both of us and was rubbing our cocks together, trying to get them hard again.  It didn’t take long before both of us had hard cocks, straining against each other.

John stepped back and looked at his wife then looked back at me.  He grinned but didn’t say anything.  He looked at his wife again.

“Jean, this is Ron and he wants to fuck you in the ass, don’t you Ron?”

I looked at Jean as she started to get down on her hands and knees, pointing her ass at me.  She looked around at me and held her ass cheeks open, inviting me to fuck her.

“Come on stud,” she said.  “I want your hard cock in my ass.  Come on and fuck me.”
I looked at John and he nodded towards his wife.  I quickly moved between her spread legs and thrust my cock at her hole, entering her easily.  She yelped as I pushed my hard cock up further into her chute.

“Oh yeah, that feels good,” she said between groans.  “Fuck me hard.”
I started to thrust in and out of her ass as John moved to her head.  He got underneath her face and she swallowed his cock, sucking and licking it as I continued to pound her ass hole.  I pulled my cock completely out of her and she cried out.

“Put it back in.”  “Fuck me as hard as you can.”

I looked down at her gaping ass hole and thrust back inside her, making her yelp in joy as I started to pound in and out of her again.  Her groans were slightly muffled by John’s hard cock in her mouth.  As I continued, I looked up and saw a man standing in the trees watching us.  He had his cock out and was rubbing his hand up and down its length.  John and Jean were too busy and hadn’t noticed him.  I motioned for him to join us and he walked into the clearing.  He walked right over to John and straddled him.  He pointed his hard cock at John’s mouth and thrust his hips forward, sending his cock deep into John’s mouth.  

John was startled by the man’s appearance and having a cock thrust at him but he accepted the man’s cock and let him fuck his face as Jean sucked his cock.  I watched the man’s ass tense every time he thrust into John’s mouth and I wondered if I could fuck him.  I pulled my cock out of Jean and moved over to the man, leaning down, licking and sucking on his ass hole.  I had never sucked an ass before but found the taste inviting and intoxicating.  I heard him groan as I pushed a finger up inside  him.  I knew then that I could fuck him.

I stood up behind him and pointed my still wet cock at his hole and thrust forward.  I entered him easily and he leaned forward, pushing John down onto his back.  He waited until I was completely inside him and starting to thrust in and out before he moved.  He tried to match my thrusts as he fucked John’s  mouth.  John was groaning and the man was grinding back against me.  I slapped my balls against his ass every time I thrust fully into him.

I could feel the walls of his chute rubbing against my cock every time I thrust into him and he groaned louder and louder with each thrust.

“Fuck me,” he cried out.  “Fuck me hard.”

I speeded up and pounded in and out of him as fast as I could.  We were all panting and sweating in the hot sun as we fucked in the sand.  As I started to come in his ass, he started to fill John’s mouth.  We were groaning as we emptied ourselves into mouths and holes.  I pulled my cock out of his ass and came on his back as he thrust his cock into John’s mouth as far as he could.  John swallowed his load and slowly pulled the man’s cock out of his mouth.  We all fell exhausted on the sand and tried to catch our breath.

The man finally rolled over.  

“My name is Rick and it is nice to meet you all,” he said.

John and I introduced ourselves as the three of us grinned at each other.  I looked around and didn’t see Jean anywhere. 

“Where’s Jean?” I asked.

John quickly looked around.

“I don’t know.”

It was then that we heard a muffled moan coming from the shore.  We all got up and looked through the trees to see where the noise was coming from.  Jean was straddling another guy and had a cock in her cunt and her ass hole as two men fucked her.  A third man was standing in front of her as she sucked his cock while the two men fucked her.

“This has turned into a full blown orgy,” exclaimed John as he started towards them.  We all followed him and watched Jean get fucked by the three men.  I looked at Rick and he was getting hard watching the four people fuck on the beach.  I looked at John and watched Rick move over to him and kiss him.  I could see their tongues swirling in each other’s mouth as they groped each other.  Rick stepped back.

“I want to fuck you,’ he said.

“Yeah man, I thought you would never ask,” John said as he got down on his back, spreading his legs and lifting his ass in the air.  Rick pointed his cock at John’s ass hole and entered into him in one thrust.  Rick howled as Rick entered him but soon was pushing against him as Rick started fucking him.  I walked over to the two of them and rubbed my cock as I watched.

“You are so tight,” Rick said.  “Your ass feels so good.”

“Come on stud,” John panted at him.  “Fuck me hard.  Fill my ass with your hot seed.”

Rick started thrusting harder and faster, making John groan louder and louder.  I looked over at Jean and her foursome and watched the three men start to come in all her holes.  She spit the cock in her mouth out and groaned loudly.  The three men continued coming, filling her two holes and splattering her face.  They all were moaning loudly as they finished.

By now my cock was hard again and I wanted some of the action.  I moved over and forced my cock into Jean’s ass hole again, thrusting into her until my balls slapped against her ass.  She yelped at the invasion but soon started to push back against me as I thrust in and out of her.  It didn’t take long for me to come and I started to spurt deep up inside her, making her groan again.

I pulled my cock out of her just as Rick started to come inside John.  He grunted loudly and yelled at John.

“I’m going to fill your ass full of my come, you whore.”

“Oh yeah, fill me up,” John yelled at Rick as Rick filled his ass with his come.  

After a few minutes of resting, every one started in again.  I got together with two of the new men who had fucked Jean and I fucked one of them as he sucked on the other guy’s hard cock.  I could hear the others but concentrated on the ass I was fucking as hard as I could.  I filled his ass hole as the cock in his mouth, emptied itself deep down his throat.  I pulled my cock out of him and sank down onto the sand.  As I rested, I watched Rick getting fucked and Jean suck on John’s hardening cock.  

I didn’t know how I could keep going but before the afternoon was over and everyone was completely fucked out, I was fucked by Rick and several of the other men.  I fucked Jean again in the ass and fucked Rick twice more.  Finally we all couldn’t go on.  We all parted with complete satisfaction and were spent to the point that it was hard to get the energy to get back up into the boat.  I pushed my boat back out into the water and headed back home, waving to the group as they separated.

When I got home, my wife was waiting for me and she wanted to fuck.  There was no way I could possibly get it up and had to bring her off orally.  Afterwards, lying in bed with my wife, I thought about the afternoon I had just spent and knew that from now on, my trips up and down the river would be more interesting.