 One of my favourite retreats from the turmoil of today's stock market in the old pearling town of Broome situated on the North Western coast of Australia. Nestled quietly amongst the lush mango swamps of Roebuck Bay, the vast expanses of red sandy dessert and the serene beauty of Cable Beach, Broome is a popular holiday destination for tourists who span a wide range of cultures.

I have a rustic beach shack close to Gantheume Point and 30-foot yacht, Botany Bay, moored close to the main quay safely sheltered by the anchorage of Roebuck Bay. The best time and indeed the only time to visit this part of the country is during the winter months when the elements of nature aren't tempted to throw the odd cyclone your way. The temperature is usually a constant 35 degrees Celsius with seawater to match and those conditions, my friends, couldn't be more agreeable. Despite this regularity, Mother Nature is fickle and the budding amateur mariner must prepare for all eventualities such as spontaneous and unannounced storms.

I love the sea and I love sailing up and down the coast of Western Australia but because of its sheer vastness and foreboding nature this section of coastline has wrecked many a fine ship. In the past, numerous sailors from such exalted and experienced sea faring nations as Holland and England have come to blows on the hidden reefs and uncharted islands that infest Shipwreck Coast. The inexorable march of technology has not totally eliminated the perils that exist and the unsuspecting and the disrespectful can still easily flounder and perish. Whilst taking advantage of all the latest maritime gadgets, I still rely on human intuition, the 'feel' of the sea, and I certainly treat the ocean with much respect. After all to do anything less invites disaster, just look at the Titanic, in 1912 the greatest advancements in maritime technology could not save the 1512 men, women and children who perished in the icy expanse of the North Atlantic.

Last August then, I decided to get out of town for a while and take in some scenery. I was planning to sail well north of Broome to the remote but visually stunning Buccaneer Archipelago and King Sound. Humans have seldom spent any appreciable amount of time in this part of the world and it had been on my 'To do list' for a long time. My companions on this trip were Walter, my best friend, Teresea, my song writing partner and the bass player in The Savoy Swing Katz, her housemate, Jane and their mutual friend Elise. Our last guest had a thing for Walt and although he denied it flatly there was some mutual attraction happening.

After spending a three days in Broome planning and victualling for the trip we weighed anchor and unfurled the sails. Conditions were perfect with the wind happily sending us along the coast to our first destination, Derby, where we stopped for additional supplies before heading out to the wild blue yonder. In keeping with my history fetish, I had procured a British Admiral's uniform from the Napoleonic era on a recent trip to England and during the evenings would dress up like Admiral Lord Nelson and pace the decks to the mirth and merriment of the crew. Walt and I took turns piloting our fair vessel whilst the girls happily cooked, cleaned and sunbathed.  
The scenery was fantastic with the sea as blue as the heavens and proving a kaleidoscopic view of the world that exists beneath that calm serenity. The many islands that made up the archipelago, some small others quite formidable completed a breathtaking vista. Much fishing and snorkelling were partaken and when the wind was up we'd all have a go at boom netting or bow diving. Sometimes, the evenings were spent onboard whilst other were spent on one of the many islands the punctuated the glassy blue and each night showcased the brightly lit immensity of the cosmos. 

As can be expected much alcohol was consumed and with three hot chicks and two over-sexed guys the atmosphere was very much erotically charged. Teresea is a true blonde, while Elise is strawberry and Jane a fiery redhead. All three are built for hot action and, being well aware of this, love to exhibit their assets at every available opportunity. This trip was no exception. All three purchased designer bikinis that left nothing to the imagination and teased Walt and I to breaking point. Teresea and I have a little history, are very attracted to one and other but have been trying desperately to resist the forbidden fruit since we enjoy a very close professional relationship. Although having said all that we have succumb to our desires and those occasions have revealed a very tantalising look at what could be. We all flirted with each other and to my surprise even the girls were hinting at a bit of bi action adding further spice to the trip. 

One day we moored off one of the windward islands that the charts indicated had several freshwater wells. Whilst not running low we decided to take advantage of the opportunity and top up our supplies. Walt volunteered to do the reconnaissance in the rowboat, locate the wells and report back. The idea being that we would establish the shortest route with Walt and I returning later with the casks to fill up. Walt loved the rowboat as he was obsessed with fitness and usually preferred to go on his own but on this occasion however he appeared more than happy to accept a passenger, Elise. Teresea and Jane both made a big deal about this and teased both occupants of the boat mercilessly. Against this onslaught there was no reply. I expressed surprise as well but observed the body language from behind reflective sunnies and chuckled to myself. As the rowboat approached the shore, I observed their progress through my binoculars and couldn't resist a grin when I saw them fall playfully in the sand together and disappear from view. This 'reckie' was going to be longer than expected, not that I was worried, time simply didn't matter out here.

I was feeling a little tired and decided to head below for a short nap leaving the girls to their topless bathing, music and champagne. I had noticed some threatening clouds way off to the west and left instructions to be awakened if anything untoward happens. Sleep came easily and deeply but after what seemed like five minutes slumber I awoke to the sound of running steps and giggling. Glancing at my watch I saw that I'd been out for nearly forty-five minutes and decided to check out the activity in case Walt and Elise were on their way back. As I walked through the galley I glanced out of the port window and the sight that greeted me made me jump in surprise. I was gazing upon the spectacular and naked forms of Teresea and Jane in the classic sixty-nine pose. Teresea being the tallest was on the bottom with Jane's pussy and arse clearly in view and she was positively saturated. From my viewpoint I could clearly see Jane's pussy spasming and leaking golden nectar down her thighs. Teresea's tongue was furiously working on her flatmate's clit. It looked to me that Jane was very close to orgasm and this I had to see. My cock was boiling beneath my shorts and within seconds I was completely naked stroking my member with slow deliberate strokes, I wanted this to last. Their cries of passion were audible and it seemed as though events were reaching a crescendo. All of a sudden Jane came and with such force that she shot out pussy juice hitting the galley window and completely drenching Teresea. I nearly lost it there and then but regained control, as I knew that I had to take advantage of this turn of events.

As I came on deck Teresea was in the throws of a huge orgasm with Jane feeding off her quivering pussy. This sort of sight was new to me with the closest I ever got to hardcore lesbian action was via the silver screen. Unable to stand it any longer I suddenly piped up, "Excuse me ladies is there room for one more?" Expecting a huge reaction I was mildly disappointed when they both chimed in, "Uh huh." I knew then that this was a put up job but that wasn't going to deter me one iota. The two girls untangled themselves and crawled over to me; they could see that I didn't require any preliminary work as that could wait until later. "Turn around" I growled at them. They complied giggling and wiggling their bums at me. As they did this, their assets being right in my face offered a sumptuous feast and I knelt down behind Jane and buried my face in her beautiful arse and pussy, running my tongue from her clit slit to her arsehole, coating her nether regions in saliva. I slowly worked a finger from my right hand into her sweet pussy while stabbing my tongue into her arsehole. My left hand was massaging and fingering Teresea's clit, pussy and arsehole as well. Both girls were visibly excited kissing each other passionately. 

Jane suddenly spun around and begged me to let her suck my cock. I agreed and moved onto Teresea. I know this woman and I know how to get her off. She loves any stimulation to her arsehole and so I attacked her puckered opening with frenzy. She responded immediately and came over my probing fingers. Meanwhile Jane found my swollen pole, hard and stiff, she took it deep in her mouth, swallowing my entire length easily. She worked me with such professional skill that, to prevent myself from unloading right there, I had to think about those threatening clouds in the sky. But I was fighting an uphill battle, the twin effect of Jane's expert mouth and Teresea's responsive bunghole took me over the edge and I came real hard blasting stream after stream of thick gooey cum down Jane's throat all the while screaming my lungs out in pleasurable pain. Teresea came again shortly afterwards with two of my fingers buried deep in her soaking snatch and one deep in her arse. 
After the last wave of pleasure rode over me I realised I was still hard and blood was still coursing through my veins. I rose up on my feet and aimed my slippery cock right into the bullseye that was Teresea's brown rosebud. She was tight and wet but I slid in easily with her arsehole greedily swallowing me. She let out a long and approving moan of pleasure as I continued my journey to the very depths of her bowels. Jane certainly didn't rest on her laurels and began to massage my balls, rim my arsehole and play with Teresea's pussy and clit. Such a talented and professional individual. Once Teresea became use to my marauding cock I began to fuck her at a good pace, giving her full deep strokes into her vice like hole. Between my cock and Jane's handiwork Teresea didn't last long cumming violently for a third time. She collapsed on the deck, falling away from me on her back breathing heavily. 

Jane quickly came up to take her place, she smiled sweetly, fluttering her eyelids and asking in her best schoolgirl tone, "Please sir can I have some now?" Having two stunning anal loving whores was more than even I could have hoped for. First though I wanted to experience her squirting pussy so I motioned her into the doggy position with her arse to me, I placed my cock to the entrance to her pussy and thrust inside. Man, the feeling was incredibly, she was so tight yet slick and warm. She seemed a little disappointed at first but quickly accepted her lot and began to enjoy this pussy reaming as she realised that I wanted to pound her pussy for a time. Teresea, half-conscious, must have looked a little left out for Jane adjusted her position so that she could apply her expert mouth to the pink puffiness of Teresea's pussy. And then the concert of sex began again in earnest. Both Jane and Teresea came very quickly the former so hard that I could feel her cunt walls contract so tightly that I was forced out her cunt. Looking down, my cock was dripping with a viscous white fluid that I scooped up and tasted, divine! Teresea's orgasm did not appear as strong but she would have been happy none the less. Once Jane had recovered she looked over her shoulder at me and begged me to fuck her in the arse. I eased my hard cock into her hot brown hole but was surprised at how easily she accepted me. She let out a long, "Oh yeah!" By now I really needed some release and was a little less than my usual considerate self and simply began thrusting away as soon as I was in, my balls slapping loudly against her pussy. Jane didn't seem to mind though and was soon screaming in ecstasy. Teresea had now regained herself and wiggled her way underneath Jane alternately licking snatch and balls and massaging Jane's clit. As I felt my orgasm building deep within me, Teresea slid a finger into my own arse and because of the suddenness and the pleasure I experienced I exploded into Jane's arse just as she herself began to cum. 

This orgasm was so much stronger than the first, I guess because of all the extra visual stimulation, that I pulled out of Jane's arse and squirted a good few streams onto Teresea's waiting face. She lapped it up greedily and without hesitating took my member all the way down her throat. This intensified my pleasure but by this time I had done cumming, my cock deflating but still jumping with electricity. As we came back to earth, kissing and exploring each other we heard voices calling off the starboard bow, "Hey, anybody there?" Our timing was perfect.