 Note: This story depicts scenes of straight, gay and bisexual group sex. If any of these things offend you it is not the romance for you.

*

Though it was already late in the day, I still had work to do before I could head home. One of my duties as Director of Corporate Training was to oversee our biannual management trainee retreats. These two month long retreats had become an important part of the company's internal employee development program. Our rapid growth over the last two decades had created a tremendous need for good managers. My program had a record of producing top quality candidates to fill that need. The next retreat started in the morning but due to other pressing duties I had been unable even to review the participants. I made it a practice to know the people I would be working with before I met them. Fortunately due to a slowing of growth the current batch of trainees was small; three men and three women. The groups were usually fairly well balanced as the company had a strict EEO policy in place. 

There was a downside to the group being less than half the average size. One of the undocumented fringe benefits of my position was the opportunities presented by trainees who were eager to go above and beyond in there effort to succeed. Extra tutoring sessions frequently led to sessions of a more intimate nature. I had never used force or coercion to gain this particular benefit. It seemed to just happen. Truth is the first time it happened I felt more like I was being sexually harassed than the other way round. Over the eleven years I had run the program there had been many trysts with future top performers in our management team. The nice thing being that once the retreat ended the relationship ended cleanly. The trainees went to their assigned locations which were generally hundreds if not thousands of miles from headquarters. An occasional email thanking me for all my help and the good times was the most that had ever come from these private sessions.

As a life long bachelor who doesn't tend to form long term relationships these short liaisons became something I looked forward to each time a new retreat started. It wasn't due to my lack of sexual relationships that I looked forward to these times. The truth is that I have lived what most would consider a rather promiscuous sex life. I tend to form more casual relationships in that area. Having multiple friends with benefits suits me best. It is the intensity of these brief encounters with near strangers that are so anxious to please that made my trainee hook ups so appealing. 

As to why I have never formed a permanent relationship the answer is very simple. I fall almost perfectly in the middle of Kinsey's sexual orientation scale. I am completely bisexual. I enjoy sex with both genders equally. This was something I discovered early in life. Though I had experimented some the first real sex I had was my freshman year of college. It was a threesome. My roommate and I shared what we called back then an easy girl. The evening inevitably included some crossing of swords which served to enhance the experience for me. After a couple more threesomes my roommate and I figured out that we didn't always need a girl in the picture. It soon became clear to me that I could never commit to just one person, because that would mean giving up half of my desires. 

I read the list of names of the current batch of trainees: Roger Armstrong, Sarah Bennett, Philip Castlemen, Liam Fitzpatrick, Ronda Germaine, Kim Turner. There truly isn't much that can be discerned from a name alone. At least in this case there were no gender ambiguous names. Fortunately, I was provided with a folder on each trainee that contained a great deal of information. The first one I opened was labeled Sarah Bennett. I was already acquainted with Sarah. She was a headquarters employee who had been with the company seven years. Her current position was assistant office manager for customer relations. She was being considered for a move to the CEO's office. The new position would move her from supervisory to management status. The company felt the trainee program would be a good thing for her. I figured she was not a candidate for special sessions. On top of her working in the same building I worked in she was by all accounts happily married and devoted to her family. In addition, since she was local she would not be staying in a hotel like the other participants. Although, as I stared at the head shot photo attached to the folder I had to admit that she was someone I would like to fuck. I already knew she had a killer body and very pretty face. Looking at the picture reminded me of her oh so kissable lips that I just knew gave great blow jobs. 

The next folder was that of Roger Armstrong. He was 26 and had just finished four years in the Marines. His head shot showed his blond hair was still cut to Marine regulations. His blue eyes sparkled at me from the folder. His description indicated that along with his handsome face came a buff body. I was sure I would enjoy getting naked with him. I was equally sure that despite his single status he wouldn't be into same sex play.

I tossed aside Roger's folder and picked up one marked Liam Fitzpatrick. His green eyes peeking out from a face partially covered by a mop of untidy brown hair immediately caught my attention. He was a cute young man that clearly did not bow to convention. Almost every head shot I saw on such folders looked like the person had just come from a stylist. Liam's picture looked more like he had just crawled out of bed. It was a good look on him. His stats, 5'9" 155 pounds told me he very likely had a compact sexy body. Though I generally gravitated toward taller men, the contrast of my 6'1", 195 pound frame with a smaller body seemed an interestingly erotic sight. Liam was 25 and single which made him a possibility for extracurricular activities. But his academic record showed him to be a hard worker and high achiever. Those types seldom needed extra tutoring or favors they imagined fucking me would bring. 

Ronda Germaine at 35 was the oldest of the batch. She had been recruited from our competition. She was already an accomplished manager but had requested to attend the first available retreat after her hire. She had been with our company for seven months and her record was exemplary. She clearly didn't need my help and even if she did there was an item on her résumé that indicate she wouldn't be using her body to curry favor with me. Under affiliations she listed her membership in two non-professional organizations: The National Center for Lesbian Rights and The National Gay and Lesbian Task Force. I have nothing against lesbians and have even slept with a couple who like to occasionally feel a live warm cock inside their pussy. But I couldn't imagine that a person so out that they put such affiliations on their resume would have anything to do with straight sex. The fact that she listed a life partner on her benefits sheet pretty much cemented that opinion. 

The third man, Philip Castlemen, was 30 and married with two children. He was a computer programmer who aspired to move into management. His goal was to one day be in technology management. However, our company did not believe in having managers anywhere that did not know our core businesses. If Philip wanted to break into IT management he would have to first successfully manage outside of the technology area. His head shot showed him to be a pleasant enough looking guy; just an average Joe. In fact almost everything in his folder indicated he was pretty much an average guy. Though I knew average guys who were married and by all appearances were totally straight sometimes sucked cock on the side, there was nothing to suggest Philip's possibilities in the folder. Of course even if he had never had his lips on a dick before, he had put forth a lot of effort to get into training program so he might well be willing to go the extra mile.

The final folder was marked Kim Turner. She was 27 and single. However, the freckled face that looked out from a head full of red curls looked much younger. The little bit of cleavage I could see in the picture indicated she had the ample breasts of a mature woman. Add to the picture her 5'2" hundred and fifteen pound frame and I could see she was likely a little bit of dynamite. Nothing I enjoy more than a little redheaded spitfire bouncing up and down on my rigid pole. However as I was approaching my forty-fifth birthday I had become increasingly aware of how it looked for an older man to be screwing young women especially ones who looked as young as Kim. Besides a cutie like her likely had a stable of hot young studs standing in line to fuck her. Still as I contemplated those big tits and red curls bouncing around as she rode my cock I couldn't help but reach down to my crotch and rub my growing bulge through my slacks. 

My review of the new crop of trainees complete I had decided the chance of extra curricular activities was slim at best. I was also horny as shit from my fantasy musings about fucking each of them. I decided to call an old friend of mine, Tom Hastings. I had known Tom for twenty years. I had known his wife for fifteen of those years. Before he got married Tom and I were friends and occasional fuck buddies. The sex continued right up to his wedding day. Even though he had been open with Cheryl about his past gay encounters and she was accepting of his being bisexual, he had decided to go the straight and faithful route. A few months after their honeymoon Cheryl admitted the idea of Tom sucking cock turned her on. Their experimentation started by him talking about sucking cock while she sucked him. It moved to him sucking a dildo while she watched. Neither had the nerve to suggest what they both increasingly wanted; bringing another man into their bed. 

Though all this time Tom and I had remained friends and I became more acquainted with Cheryl. For whatever reason Tom had never told her that I was one of the guys he had had sex with in the past. About a year and a half after the wedding Tom was at my apartment. He told me all about their sex play. He added that all the fantasy had made him crave a real cock. We took care of the craving in my bedroom. He sucked me for hours coaxing three loads from cock. I had never seen a guy happier to eat cum. A few weeks later I got a call from Tom. He wanted to meet me because he had a favor to ask. I figured he just wanted to suck my dick dry again and invited him to my place.

As it turned out Cheryl and he had made the decision to bring another man into their bedroom. Their idea was for her to watch as Tom sucked and got sucked and maybe fucked. The other guy wouldn't get involved with Cheryl except to watch her masturbate or get eaten by Tom. He had already told Cheryl that I was bi and a former sex partner of his. I thought the whole idea sounded fun. I liked being watched, Joe was a great cocksucker and had a nice cock that I enjoyed sucking. In addition, though we had only down anal twice he was a pretty good fuck for a guy. I have never been a big fan of anal intercourse at least not when there is pussy to be had. But if Cheryl wanted to see her man take a cock in the ass I was happy to accommodate. There was one other incentive. Cheryl has huge tits and I had wanted to see them bared since I had met her. 

Cheryl is about 5'5" and easily fifty pounds heavier than what the charts recommend. While she is not what anyone would call a BBW she definitely has more than the required padding. Even though she had small love handles most of her extra weight found its way to her tits, hips and ass. She was a curvy, chubby bundle of sexual energy I soon learned. The first time I arrived at their house for a date I was greeted by Tom who was wearing only a robe. After showing me in and fixing me a drink he called Cheryl to join us. She was wearing an extremely sheer sexy nightie that was not made for sleeping. It was made of a translucent plum colored material that left almost nothing to the imagination. Her large tits filled the top perfectly and the material showed off her nipples and big, dark, round areolas. It was clear that she kept her pubic hair neatly trimmed. I could see the dark circle above her cunt that constituted all the hair she had below the waist. Suddenly I wished our evening was going to include more than just seeing her body. 

She smiled clearly enjoying the way I was ogling her. She told me how anxious she was for the festivities to start. I simply said there was no need to wait and stood up. I could see the surprise in her eyes as I stripped naked while she watched. I saw something else in her eyes when she saw my half-hard cock for the first time. I had forgotten that I was at least two inches longer and a lot thicker than Tom. From her expression I assumed that my cock was bigger than any she had had in the past. Her breathless comment confirmed my assumption.

"Oh wow, damn Tom you didn't tell me what a great cock your friend had!"

I decided that there was a chance for more than looking.

"Yeah, it is a nice piece of meat," Tom agreed as he walked over and got on his knees in front of me. 

He shrugged his shoulders and his robe puddle on the floor behind him revealing his nakedness and his erection. Cheryl smiled and took a seat in a large comfortable chair beside us where she could have a ring side seat. Tom winked at his wife as he took hold of my cock. I felt the familiar swirl of his tongue over my helmet as his fingers deftly fondled my heavy ball sack. He kissed and licked up and down my shaft eliciting appreciative coos from his wife. The moans I heard as he took my cock into his mouth caused my attention to move from my cock sucking friend to his masturbating wife. Her nightie was pulled up fully exposing her bare pussy to my eyes. With the fingers of one hand she had spread open her full, pink, fleshy pussy lips. One finger of the other hand was hidden, buried deep inside her dripping cunt. It was obvious she was teasing her g-spot while using her thumb to play with her clit. Her gaze was fixed as if she was mesmerized by the sight of her husband swallowing my rock hard cock. I smiled and winked at her as I took Tom's head in my heads and began to control the action. She smiled back as I slowly rocked on my heels fucking Tom's willing mouth. 

"I want you," I mouthed silently in her direction as my cock went deeper into Tom's mouth.

Soon my cock was in his throat and his nose in my pubic hair. Tom had more cock sucking practice than his wife knew. He had been deep throating cock for a long time. A few minutes later he had to stop to catch his breath. I casually moved the two feet that separated us from Cheryl.

"Need any help with that hot pussy?" I asked breathlessly.

She just nodded. As Tom watched I went to my knees between her widely spread legs. She continued to hold her pussy lips open as I went to work with my tongue. I bathed her large throbbing clit and sucked her puffy labia. I slipped one of my fingers inside her and let her use her finger to guide me to her special spot. Together our fingers worked the quivering walls of her pussy while my tongue danced around her clit and over her sweet juicy outer lips. When she came it felt as if a flood gate had opened. She squirted a torrent of juices on my face as she screamed her delight at the power of the orgasm coursing through her body. When I pulled my head from her crotch I looked back to see that Tom had been jacking his cock while watching me eat his wife's cunt. I wanted more of her and his expression gave me permission to go for it. I moved up her body and pulled down the top of her nightie exposing her huge milky orbs and magnificent nipples. I went to work sucking and licking her tits to the sound of her delightful squeals. She still had her fingers inside her pussy as I did my best to suck in the ample flesh of her delicious tits. Then she gave me permission to take what it was clear we both wanted.

"Oh god, fuck me, please now!" She panted.

It was clear she was not asking for Tom. It was my dick she wanted and my dick she was going to get. I grabbed her hips and nudged her to roll over. She willingly slid into position bent over the chair with her big ass pointed at the sky and her cunt wide open. I dug my fingers into her flesh as I rammed my aching cock home. Her hot wet cunt easily took every bit of my cock. I humped her deeply keeping my balls press to her body. I turned to my old friend and beckoned him to come to us. He released his cock and scrambled to the side of the chair not really knowing what I had in mind. As I continued to fuck his wife I grabbed his ass and moved him so that his cock was pointed at my face.

"I am going to suck Tom's hot cock while I pound your sweet pussy!" I growled in her ear as I reared back and drove my cock home again.

She turned her head to see me swallow the top half of her husband's twitching cock. I sucked him as best as I could while fucking Cheryl. Her ragged breathing and thrashing body told me she was nearing another peak. I knew Tom wasn't far behind. I felt her juices pour out down my cock and over my balls as she screamed her passions again. Then Tom's cock jerked and filled my mouth with his salty goo. I pulled my mouth off of his cock and found Cheryl's lips as I came in her pussy I pushed Tom's cum into her mouth with my tongue. In another minute I fell back and she rolled over panting and sighing. Tom dove between her legs and began to lap up the oozing mixture of our combined male and female juices. I watched as her body was racked with a series of seemingly endless orgasmic peaks. When she could stand no more and pushed him away, Tom practically pounced on me. He devoured my semi-erect dick sucking his wife's cunt juice from it and causing it to fully reinflate. This time he didn't stop sucking until I shot a load in his mouth and down his throat. The date ended with Tom fucking Cheryl on the floor while I watched. 

It wasn't until the second date that Cheryl got her fantasy of watching Tom take a cock in the ass fulfilled. Since then we have had many dates and fulfilled many fantasies. Cheryl's passion and desire during those sessions always amazed me. Many times after both Tom and my cocks were spent she would want more oral or even pull out a dildo for us to continue fucking her. It seemed like she was lost in some frenzy of sexual need at times. Over the years they tried other guys and one couple. None seemed to provide the fulfillment our threesomes did. My thing with Tom and Cheryl is the closest thing I have to a long term relationship. The sex is great and I care for them more than anyone else I have ever known. Cheryl has even expressed a kind of romantic love for me and indicated that they consider me another husband in their relationship. Their decision not to have children keeps things from becoming complicated. 

When I talked to Tom the night of the review we decided on a date for the following Saturday night. When I hung up the phone I opened my pants and took out my cock. I opened a porn magazine I had in my desk and began stroking my growing meat. It was only Tuesday, my desires wouldn't wait until Saturday. I spilled my seed into a clump of Kleenex while reading a photo captioned story about a bisexual orgy. 

The next morning I met the current crop of trainees in person. They were pretty much what I had expected from reading their dossiers. Except for one thing; none of their pictures had done them justice. They were all really good looking and to top it off had great bodies. It was the sexiest group of six people I could imagine assembling outside of the playboy mansion. After telling them a bit about myself and the program I started the first class exercise. It is a team building thing where the participants each have to speak for fifteen minutes about themselves. The idea is to begin to establish a connection between the participants. The nice thing about a small group was the reduced time it took to get through such exercises. When we had eighteen people, it took the whole day when combined with my talk. That day it only took a few hours to get through the required material which allowed me to offer some social time to continue the getting to know each other theme. All six of them were unusually forth coming with their personal talks. 
