 -- Continued from Chapter 1

I watched, as Hazel sat still, and looked around her. She could see her husband (me) on the chair, my cock slowly subsiding while my cum trickled out of her arse; her best friend was on her back on the futon, a large dildo still embedded in her cunt, recovering from the orgasm Hazel had given her; and her friend's partner was under her with his cock still in her pussy. 

I could see Hazel's face, and the look of "Oh Yes!" that spread across her face just made me love even more. 

I'd picked up a cloth as I sat down, and I used it to wipe my cock. Taking charge a little, I got up and picked up some more cloths. I gave one each to the others, and helped Hazel climb off Bill. He then removed the condom and dropped it in the bin. 

Saffron decided she was going to expel the dildo herself, and with a practiced squeeze of her pussy muscles she fired the dildo about a foot away from herself. I noticed Hazel watching this with interest, and I could see an interested (and experimental) expression in her face. I strongly suspected that she wanted to try to get her pussy muscles to that degree of strength. 

"Anyone for another drink?" I asked, reaching for the wine bottle. 

We had another couple of rounds of drinks; no one felt like getting dressed, so we all just sprawled out on the futons, chatting and fondling whatever body parts were in reach. I respected Bill's wishes, and kept my hands off him, but Saffron and Hazel both received gentle caressing and stroking from me, Bill and each other. 

We'd worked our way down another bottle of wine, my cock was half to-attention, and Bill's was all the way up. I wondered who was going to be the first to comment on this, or make some suggestion as to what might happen next. I suspected it might be Hazel, but I was mistaken. 

"I want a DP," announce Saffron, out of the blue. "I want Bill in my pussy, Chris up my arse, and Hazel fucking Chris's arse with a strap-on!" 

"You don't want much!" I commented, looking over at her. 

She grinned at me. "I've always want to have someone up my arse while someone's up theirs. Don't know why, just always wanted to try it." 

I glanced over at Hazel; she was already heading towards the strap-on (which was where Saffron had dropped it). 

"I guess I don't need to ask your opinion then?" I asked her. She giggled as she started to pull the straps up around her legs. 

Bill was already sprawled out on the floor, clearly ready for this, so I decided "what the fuck" and reached for the lube. 

Saffron got to her knees and crawled over to Bill. Pausing to kiss him, she manoeuvred her pussy over his cock and, with a practiced wiggle, slid herself down his cock. He moaned gently as his balls touched her arse and she leant forward to give him another kiss. 

I stood behind her, and dropped to my knees. I had the lube in my hand, so I squeezed a reasonable amount into my hand and tossed the tube over to the sofa. Taking my cock in my hand, I coated it with the lube and moved forward until the head was against Saffron's butthole. 

"Let me get all the way in first," I said, turning my head towards Hazel. 

"No problem," she replied from the direction of the sofa. In my haste to get my prick up Saffron's arse I'd forgotten to pass the lube to Hazel. 

Putting my other hand on her back, I pressed my cock forward. Her ringpiece resisted for a moment, but then opened up to let me slide in. She sighed as the full length of my cock penetrated her tight butt, and I felt my balls brush against Bill's. Leaning forward to give a good angle, I nodded to Hazel. 

She came round behind me, and with a fair bit less finesse shoved the dildo up my arse. I guess that roughness was my punishment for not passing her the lube! I felt the straps against my butt cheeks as she ensured that the dildo was right up me. 

Pulling back I slipped my cock part way from Saffron, pushing Hazel back as well. I hoped she'd work out that the best way to do this was for me to do the moving, and her to hold still. I pulled back a bit further, until only the head of my cock was in Saffron, and held position for a moment. 

Hazel twitched the dildo in my arse, by gently thrusting with her pelvis, and I took this as the signal that she understood. Sure enough, as I slowly moved forward, teasing Saffron with the good buggering that was to come, Hazel held her position and the dildo started sliding out of my arse again. 

I was about half way in, when I felt a tingle in my butt, and realised that Hazel had turned the dildo so the ridge was rubbing on my prostate. I do love my wife so much! 

Once more the full length of my cock was in Saffron, and the tip of the dildo was just inside my bum. Showtime! 

I pulled back, faster this time, and when I was almost out, stopped and immediately pressed forward. Saffron gasped, as this second thrust was a lot harder and faster than she had expected. I said I'd been teasing her! 

I kept up a steady rhythm, feeling her arse clutching my cock, and feeling the dildo rubbing back and forth over my prostate. I could hear Hazel making little whimpering noises, and I knew the base of the dildo was rubbing on her clit; I could hear Saffron making "Oh, ooh" sounds as I gave her bum a steady fucking; I could hear Bill breathing heavily as our cocks rubbed together inside his wife; and I could hear my own sighs of pleasure. 

Suddenly things changed! As I pressed forward, so did Hazel, until I was squeezed between the two of them. Hazel put her hand on my back and pushed forward, to hold me tightly up Saffron's bum then Hazel started fucking me! She was fucking me while I had my cock deep into her friend's bum. 

The noises Saffron was making became more intense, and I realised that what she was getting off on was the sensations being transmitted from the fucking I was receiving, through my cock, into her arse. I could feel Bill's cock sliding back and forth now, as Saffron has lifted herself up slightly to allow him to use his hips to fuck her. His balls were occasionally brushing against mine, and I found that a further turn on. 

Saffron's moaning was getting louder & my own orgasm was approaching; the rubbing of my prostate, the brushing of Bill's balls and the squeezing of Saffron's bum was adding up. Suddenly it all hit me. I felt my spunk rising, I felt my balls tightening; I grabbed Saffron's hips and started fucking her again. Hazel pulled back but kept the dildo in me, to give me room. 

It only took three thrusts, before I was overcome by my orgasm. The world spun slightly, as my cock and balls were emptied into the warm tunnel of Saffron's bowels. She could feel my cock throbbing and could hear my sounds of pleasure; that was enough to trip her over the edge too. Her arse clamped down on me, and started squeezing, as a massive orgasm ripped through her and she cried out in pleasure. 

Bill & Hazel both stopped thrusting, giving Saffron and I time to come back down to planet Earth. Everyone held their position for a couple of moments, then Hazel said "I didn't come!" 

"Neither did I." commented Bill. 

"Well there's an obvious solution to that!" I said, reaching for the cloth that was nearby. Hazel pulled the dildo out of me (I was sorry to feel it gone, but I knew it would be back!) and picked up her own cloth. 

I slipped my cock out of Saffron's arse, which clamped down just as the head of my cock was about to come out. It was almost as if her bum didn't want me to leave. Pulling away, I wiped the excess lube from my cock and balls, and watched as Saffron (on weak legs) climbed off of Bill and crawled to the side. 

I don't know what came over me (so to speak); I wasn't thinking, just reacting in a post-orgasmic haze. I leant forward and took Bill's cock in my mouth. There was a gasp from Saffron, and a muttered "oh fuck" from Hazel. 

I heard an intake of breath from Bill and, realising that he might be about to tell me to stop, ran my tongue up the underside of his cock, then around the base of the head. That seemed to work; he held the breath for a moment, then let it out. The girls seemed to relax too, as his acceptance (probably temporary, and almost certainly never to be repeated) of his first bi-sexual blowjob took over. 

I heard Saffron ask Hazel to "lay back and let me copy him." 

Turning my head a few moments latter I could see Hazel on her back, with Saffron's head buried between Hazel's legs. Satisfied that my wife was being dealt with, I turned my attention back to our guest. I was determined that his first bi-blowjob should be a good one, so I pulled out all the stops, and used every trick I knew. 

I ran my tongue around the head, down the shaft, took his balls in my mouth, took his cock in my hand, blew on his balls, slid his cock down my throat, sucked hard, sucked soft, bobbed my head up-and-down fast & slow; all of these, in combination and in different orders. It seemed to be working, since he was quite clearly moaning, and (more importantly) wasn't telling me to stop. 

I could feel his balls tightening, and I glanced over to see how the girls were doing - see if the timing could be synchronised. They'd changed positions - Saffron was on her back, with her legs open and her bum towards me, while Hazel was sitting on her face, her cunt pressed against Saffron's lips and tongue. I could see my cum tricking out of Saffron's bum hole and forming a little pool between her legs. I wondered if she could feel it? 

Then I suddenly felt something myself - I felt Bill's cock jerk in my mouth as he came. I took his balls in my hand and gently massaged them. He didn't come a great amount, since this was his third (I think?) orgasm of the evening, but I made a point of swallowing it all. I was a little embarrassed that I'd been distracted enough not to see the signs, but based on the sounds he was making, and the way his cock was twitching, I don't think he'd noticed! 

Hazel wasn't quite there, so I took a cloth and placed it on Bills leg for when he recovered, stood up and went round behind her. I knew she loved getting fucked while being eaten out, so I knelt down ready to stick my cock up her cunt. I didn't even get the head close when she came! Her hips gave way and she fell forward, her head resting on Saffron's leg, her arms limp by her sides. Taken by another impulse, I leant down and kissed Saffron on the lips, tasting Hazel on her, and letting her taste Bill on me. 

I got up, helped Hazel to roll on her side, and sat down on the towel that had been left on the sofa. Bill was propped up on one elbow, and we made eye contact. A strange conversation flashed between us unspoken, me apologising and him accepting the apology. There was a strange undercurrent to the look, which I found out later from Saffron was him accepting that not only had he enjoyed the blowjob I'd given him, but that there was the possibility of it happening again. 

No one spoke for a few minutes, then Bill broke the silence. "Any more of that wine?" he asked. I chuckled, reached for an empty glass and poured him some out. 

We drank some more wine, chatted about nothing and tidied up. Hazel took Bill and Saffron up to the guest room, carrying their clothes, while I took all the glasses and empty bottles out to the kitchen. 

Hazel and I then went to bed, and slept until midmorning, our sexual lusts totally slaked for now. 

There may be more to this tale, but that's for another story.