 Saturday afternoon of a bank holiday weekend. The house is in a turmoil. My wife's in the kitchen, cooking. I'm scurrying around the house tidying up.

"Should I bring the Toy Box downstairs?" I called down.

"Stick it in the cupboard in the front room. If anything happens, that'll be where it starts," came the reply.

Reaching under the bed I dragged out the Toy Box. Opening the lid I checked the contents. Three butt plugs of assorted sizes, check. Two vibrators, check. Two large dildos, one with a suction cup, check. Strap-on harness for the butt plugs, check. Medium dildo which also fits the harness, check. Lube, check. Cock rings, check. "Sexual Safari" (a cock ring with a built in anal probe for DP with only two people), check. Cloths to wipe with, check. Condoms, check.

As you can probably guess from that list, my wife and I are big fans of toys, and they feature highly in our sex life. Whilst it's probably not to everyone's tastes, we find that they enhance sex. After all, sex is about pleasure, and toys (if used correctly) can add to that pleasure.

I picked up the Toy Box and carried it downstairs. Rearranging the contents of the cupboard in the front room, I was able to fit the Box in.

"I'll put the futon mattresses in the corner of the dining room," I said, walking into the kitchen where my wife was putting the finishing touches to an apple pie, ready to go in the fridge to be cooked later.

"Sounds good to me. If Saffron or Bill asks, we often put guests up in there."

I went back upstairs and dragged the futon mattresses down. Folding them neatly I stacked them in the corner of the dining room, making sure that they weren't going to be in the way.

I suppose I should explain the preparations really...

If you've read my previous story, "Taking Saffron in the Woods", then you might recognise the name Saffron. That happened about two weeks ago. During the drive back to her house, Saffron had told me that she and Bill had, in the past, taken part in swinging parties and the occasional orgy. Apparently he'd called a halt to that in recent times, but Saffron was of the opinion that, with the right persuasion, he could be encouraged to revisit old habits. With that in mind, my wife (Hazel) and I were working on the principle that a bit of preparation never hurt.

We'd invited them over to dinner on the bank holiday weekend, on the basis that it would give people more time to recover if there was a lot of alcohol drunk. It also had the advantage that we had an extra day to play if things worked out the way we hoped they would.

"I'll take first shower?" I called, as I headed back upstairs.

"No problem," was the reply.

-- Let me fast-forward a little to the moment they arrive...

"Ding-Dong." (Yeah, OK, a bit of a cliché).

I went to the door and opened it. There stood Saffron.

"Bill's just locking up the car."

"I'll wait for him. Come on in."

She walked into our house and I got a whiff of her perfume. I don't know what it was, but it had a large amount of musk in it, and that *always* turns me on. Not that I wasn't already excited at the possibilities that the evening held.

"Go on through to the kitchen, Hazel's just about to open a bottle of wine."

"Thanks." She leant towards me and gave me a very quick peck on the lips.

I stood by the door and waited until Bill came round the corner with an apologetic look on his face.

"Sorry I took so long, the central locking's playing up."

"No problem, come on in. It's nice to meet you at last."

"Likewise."

"Let me take your jacket. The ladies are in the kitchen; Hazel's just opened a bottle of wine."

He thanked me, and handed me his jacket. I hung it on the coat rack, closed the curtains across the door (which meant that every set of curtains and blinds in the house was now closed) and followed him into the kitchen. With four of us in there it was a little crowded, so I pushed open the door to the dining room and suggested that we move in there.

"I thought there was mention of wine?" asked Saffron.

"Red or white?" asked Hazel.

"White please."

"White for me too," added Bill.

Hazel poured two glasses of white, and two glasses of red. We each took our glass and went into the dining room. "Dinner will be about 30 minutes," commented Hazel, so we sat around the table and talked of inconsequentialities.

Dinner arrived, was eaten and pronounced excellent, and more wine was drunk. By now everyone was a little tiddly.

"Shall we move into the front room?" I asked.

"Sounds like a plan to me," replied Bill, looking at the others.

"I'll just clear the table," I added. To which Saffron responded "Let me help you."

Bill and Hazel took their glasses and went through to the front room. Next thing I knew, Saffron had grabbed hold of me and was snogging me. Needless to say I returned the interest. The snog only lasted about two minutes, but it felt like hours. At that point I realised that if Bill didn't agree, the sexual tension could cause some problems.

Clearing the table took longer than it should have done, because we kept taking the chance to grope each other in passing. Eventually we got finished and, after a final grope, picked up our drinks and went into the front room.

Hazel and Bill were deep in conversation, discussing the relative merits of recent movies, so Saffron and I sat down next to our respective partners and joined in the conversation.

The talk roamed freely, and the wine flowed likewise. I don't remember how many bottles we got through, but it was a fair few.

I do, however, remember how the conversation turned to sex.

We were talking about cars, comparing cars we had owned, and I remembered something.

"I must get the handbrake looked at," I comment to Hazel, "It's not as tight as it should be."

This comment raised a snigger from Saffron, and she and Bill exchanged what might be termed a "significant glance".

"There's a story there," I prompted.

Saffron giggled again, and then explained that not long after they had got together, and before they started living in the same house, they had been trying to have sex in the front seat of the car that Bill had at the time. Apparently it had a similar problem with the handbrake, and somehow it had become disengaged and the car had rolled 20 feet down the hill and ended up in some bushes.

I chuckled, and saw my chance...

"So what's the oddest place you've had sex then?" I asked.

Bill and Saffron looked at each other. I took the advantage of the pause in the conversation to add "mine was on a king-sized bed with 6 other people. I was getting it on with Robyn, Cathy and David were at the foot of the bed, Amanda and Rachel on the other side, and Lucy was grabbing anything that came her way!"

I was watching Saffron's face as I said this, hoping that she'd pick up on it and perhaps run with it.

"Mine was in a film studio in front of a whole bunch of cameras," she said. I already knew she'd done some soft-core porn modelling, but I wasn't aware that she'd actually been in a video.

Bill glared at her. "If you're gonna change the rules, you need to warn me," he said with a peeved tone in his voice. Saffron looked... Well, if I'm honest, she looked a bit stroppy.

"Sorry if I've touched on a sore subject," I said, trying to defuse a potential situation.

"It's not your fault," said Bill, apologetically, "it's just that we'd agreed that we weren't going to discuss that part of our history without prior agreement."

Saffron leant sideways and kissed Bill. "Sorry, but the wine is making me a little loose-tongued" she said.

Bill returned the kiss, and it was clear from his body language that he'd forgiven her.

"Anyone want another drink?" asked Hazel, obviously trying to lighten the mood. Her glass was about half full, and it was unlike her to mention more drinks until she'd drained her current one.

Bill and Saffron both requested a top-up, and as she walked out of the room Hazel commented "my strangest place was in a tent, on a campsite in Nottinghamshire. Poor in comparison to yours."

The atmosphere now had a sexual element, and I wanted to capitalise on that.; but I didn't want to risk Hazel interrupting a significant conversation. To fill the time until Hazel returned, I got up and put some music on.

The drinks arrived just as I was sitting down. "I thought your strangest situation, albeit not the strangest place, was on the bed in Prestwick, with Richard & Heidi," I said to Hazel, trying to keep the momentum going. "Most unusual situation, certainly, but not the oddest place," she replied.

"So you two are into a bit of swinging then?" asked Saffron, knowing full well what the answer was.

"Yeah," I replied, "but always responsible swinging."

"What do you mean?" asked Bill. I couldn't tell if he was interested or simply curious, but I forged ahead anyway.

"A polite refusal never offends; condoms where needed; boundaries discussed beforehand," was my reply, "simple, but they stop so many arguments. Different situations can require further rules, but that's the basics."

"What sort of other rules?" asked Saffron. I settled back into my chair, the conversation now heading in the direction I wanted it to.

"In the situation I mentioned earlier, Heidi wasn't interested in me, but she was quite happy with Richard and me, her and Hazel, Richard, me and Hazel." I was aware that that sentence didn't quite make sense, but I hoped they'd pick up on my meaning.

Bill nodded. He then shot a furtive glance at Saffron, who pretended not to see it.

"To give you another example," I added, "hypothetically, if the four of us were to have some play time, one of the rules would have to be that Bill would have to wear a condom, since I'm snipped and Hazel isn't on the pill."

Bill obviously had something on his mind, and there was a lull in the conversation while he worked out what he wanted to say. It was clear that the others were waiting for him.

"So, you're bisexual then?" he eventually asked, clearly not sure how to say what he wanted to say.

"I am," I replied, "but (again hypothetically) if play time were to happen here then..."

I paused.

"I assume you're not?" I asked directly.

"Not something that interests me in the slightest," came the reply.

"No problem, then hypothetically one of the rules would be that I kept my hands off you unless you initiated something, and given that you're not bi, that wouldn't happen, so you'd be safe," I smiled as I said the last part, to indicate that I wasn't having a dig.

The atmosphere in the room now had that electric edge to it, as four people, three of whom knew *exactly* where they wanted the evening to go, and more importantly knew that that the other two wanted the same thing, realised that the next part of the conversation would send the evening down one of two possible paths. Either we'd end up having a foursome, or we wouldn't. There were no other possibilities. I get a major buzz out of that electric edge, and time almost seems to slow down for me.

I knew I couldn't raise the thought, I knew it had to come from either Bill or Saffron, and quite frankly if it didn't come from Bill, I wasn't sure how to progress things – I figured the best thing, if Saffron raised the issue, would be for Hazel and I to leave the room and let them discuss it.

Luckily it didn't turn out to be necessary.

"So, would you guys be interested in... what was the term... 'play time', with us?" asked Bill, clearly hesitant about suggesting it, but I suspect he could feel the three of us urging him on silently.

I looked at Hazel, she nodded.

"We certainly would. Would you like us to go and make coffee to give you guys a chance to discuss it?"

"No need, I'm game if Bill is," said Saffron, hurriedly.

The four of us looked at each other, and the atmosphere grew thick with "who's going to make the first move?"

Usually, at this point, we'd have a brief discussion of the rules that pertained to that particular situation, but it was clear to me that neither Hazel nor I wanted to risk breaking the mood. I looked at Bill, he looked at me. We made eye contact, and the message that passed was clear. We both stood up at the same time and walked towards the other's partner.

Bill sat down next to Hazel, who turned herself towards him, and I sat next to Saffron. On my way across the room I'd considered a couple of different possibilities. Did I wait for Bill to start with Hazel, or did I just go for it? Each had their potential problems, but on reflection I decided to say "Sod It" and just go for it.

It was the right choice, because barely had my arse touched the sofa cushion than Saffron was swarming into my arms. Her lips met mine, and we kissed. It didn't have the same aggressive nature as our first kiss a couple of weeks before, but I suspect that might have been because she was concerned that Bill might be watching to see if she started first.

I didn't really pay any attention to what was happening on the other side of the room during the kiss, because Saffron had her hand up my t-shirt and was caressing my chest whilst her tongue was darting around mine. I slipped my hand up her skirt and found that she was wearing stockings. I've always found stockings a turn on, and so was delighted to discover them.

I knew that, at some point, proceedings were going to have to pause for me to get the futon mattresses through, but I wanted things to be further along than they were. I was somewhat distracted anyway, as Saffron's hand moved down my chest, across my stomach and into the top of my jeans. She started to fiddle with my zip, and quickly had it undone.

My hand was now at the top of her thigh, and I was surprised to find that there was nothing between my hand, and her pussy. Yup, no knickers. She chuckled into my mouth as I made this discovery. Her legs spread open, giving my hand clear access to her pussy. I took advantage of this and slipped a finger inside her.

She retaliated by reaching into my jeans and squeezing my cock. As she did this, her other hand was undoing my belt and then the button at the top of my jeans. Spreading my jeans, she let go of my cock and slipped her hand into my trousers.

During later discussions with my wife, I found out what had been going on, over on the other side of the room. The short version is that Bill had started by kissing her, then moved on to sucking her tits, then she'd taken his cock out and she'd had a quick suck before he went down on her.

Back over my side of the room, Saffron had pulled my cock out of my jeans, and she slipped off the sofa, kneeling in front of me. Her head bent down, and she took my cock in her mouth. That was it, the first blatantly sexual act of the evening. Prior to that we could have all backed down and pretended that it had just been a bit of extreme flirting, but this was the turning point. Even when Bill had his mouth full of Hazel's nipple, it could still have stopped, but this was the crunch point.

Saffron sucked my cock, moving her lips up and down, pausing at the top, and then taking it deep into her throat. I hoped she wasn't trying to make me come; I wanted my first load of the evening to go into her tight pussy.

Glancing over, I could see that Bill seemed to have taken his lead from Saffron. He was on his knees in front of my wife, his face buried in her fanny, with her trousers round one of her ankles, which in turn were wrapped around his back. I leant back, satisfied that the evening was heading the way we wanted it to, and concentrated on the sensations from my cock.

As I leant back, Saffron's hand had been caressing my nuts. One of her fingers suddenly travelled back and pressed against my arse. This was getting serious, and it was now time for the next step...

"I think it's time for the Toy Box, don't you Hazel?"

"Oh... yes... good... idea..." my wife moaned.

Saffron took her mouth off my cock long enough to grunt "huh?"

"You'll have to stop for a minute dear, trust me, it'll be worth it."

She pouted, but did indeed stop. As she stood up, I got a clearer view of the other side of the room. I could see that Bill's cock was out of his trousers, suggesting that Hazel had been playing with it before he went down on her. (Which, as I found out later was exactly the case.)

I stood up beside her, my trousers and undies falling down around my ankles. I stepped out of them and pulled my shirt off over my head. I was now naked.

"Come on," I said to Saff, walking towards the door. She followed me, and nearly walked into the door. I chuckled as I realised that she'd been watching Bill & Hazel.

We went into the dining room and I picked up the larger of the futon mattresses.

"Can you grab that one?" I asked, pointing at the smaller. She did so, and we dragged them back through into the living room.

Bill was standing up, just stepping out of his trousers and boxers while Hazel was pulling her trousers and knickers off.

"Mind your backs," I said, struggling with the futon. Bill stepped to one side and I laid it down on the rug. Saffron saw what I was doing and laid the smaller one beside it. Once we'd lined them up and straightened them out we had an area over six foot square that was padded, but not /too/ soft. The futons were ideal for sexual play.

Bill had taken off his shirt, and Hazel had removed her blouse and bra. That just left Saffron with clothes on. She stepped onto the smaller futon and quickly took all her clothes off. As she was doing this (after all, I'd seen it before), I went to the cupboard and pulled out the toy box. Positioning it on the fireplace, I undid the catch on the front, but didn't open it as yet.

While I'd been doing this, Hazel had dropped to her knees and taken Bill's cock into her mouth again.

"Let me fuck you," he said, in a quiet voice, "from behind."

"Ohh yes," Hazel moaned, giving his balls a squeeze. She released his cock from her mouth, and reached into her handbag (which was beside the sofa). Pulling out a condom, she took it out of the packet and slid it over his cock. Then she turned around so that her arse was towards him, dropped to her hands and knees and spread her legs, giving him clear access to her cunt.

Saffron had been watching this too, and she took hold of my cock and gently turned me away.

"I want you. I want you inside me. Now." she said, sitting on the edge of the sofa.

I knelt down in front of her as she leant back and lifted her legs. We were about to repeat the position in which we'd first had sex. My mind wandered a little, wondering if she'd told Bill about that, but I was soon distracted from that thought by the sound of my wife gently moaning as he entered her.

Shaking my head slightly to clear it, I shuffled forward and put my cock at the entrance to Saffron's pussy. Pressing forward, I slid my cock into her. It felt as good as it had the first time. Once again, her ankles came up and she locked her legs around me.

Turning my head to the side I could see Bill's arse moving back and forth slowly as he teased Hazel. I knew she'd be enjoying that, a good teasing was something she loved, as long as it was followed by a damn hard fucking.

Saffron's ankles pulled me into her again and I started a steady thrusting. She was moaning with each thrust, so quietly that it took me a little while to work out what she was saying.

"Oh yes, oh yes, oh yes."

The sound of Saffron moaning as I fucked her, coupled with my wife's groans, was sure to send me to the edge too fast. I've often had that problem, but I reload quickly and last a lot longer later, so I've learnt to live with it.

And I was right. My scrotum tightened, and I could feel my spunk rushing through my cock, filling Saffron's cunt. I moaned myself, quite loudly, as my orgasm hit me. I kept thrusting, each thrust accompanied by another spurt of cum, until I was spent.
