 Lana was looking at me funny, in one of our project meetings; it was obvious that she didn't like my suggestions for the interface she was developing, and interrupted me by simply saying.

"Dan, I think there's some breadcrumbs on your beard."

I knew what she was getting at. I made the gesture to remove something from my beard, and then lowered my voice.

"Anyway, I may be being a little too hard on the interface. It's complexity is necessary for the most advanced users. I...I'll redact a couple of suggestions in an email to the web designers later."

Of course no such email was ever sent.

Lana had been doing this small blackmail number for a couple of weeks now, since she, her boyfriend and I had a threesome. Most of the time it was just innocent teasing in front of other people, but this was the first time she had used it professionally.

Since Lana had arrived to the office last year, we had flirted back and forth pretty much the whole time, but she still got a boyfriend a few months ago. Maybe I was too much of a barker and no biter? Honestly I was a bit disappointed, but it wasn't soul crushing, really, since I had also been seeing a couple of girls on the side. Nothing serious.

Her having a boyfriend didn't slow down the flirting on either side, anyway. It was just an automatic thing whenever we met. Playful touches on the arm, smacks on the butt, deliberate looks at her legs, that kind of thing.

Lana is a tall woman with brown hair. She has a nose a little too big, but it adds a little quirk to her face. She had a big pair of tits, probably a c cup, maybe bigger, and normally wears clothes that show off her cleavage. Her ass is nothing to write home about, but she looks ok from behind when wearing tight pants.

One night out with the office guys, Lana got pretty drunk and started talking her sexual adventures with the other girls. I was relatively near and managed to hear when one of the secretaries asked her "how was Dan in bed", and she just made a dismissive gesture with the hand and started talking in what she thought was a soft voice:

"Dan and I haven't done anything. He is not really my type; too skinny, too whiny, too flirty. But I wouldn't mind having him jump into my bed with me and my boyfriend."

This was followed by a lot of laughter by the girl's side of the table.

Me being Dan disturbed me and sobered me a lot. I've never participated in group sex, and I'd rather have a MFF than a MMF, but as I saw it, it was a small sacrifice to be able to fuck Lana. A small sacrifice to grab those glorious tits. I meditated this for a long time, while trying to keep making small chat and keep hearing the girls' talk. I heard the secretary confessing to have been in a threesome, but I couldn't really hear details.

An hour later, with most of the people being too drunk to drive, and the rest remembering it was only Tuesday and we had to work the next day, we started calling cabs. I managed to share a car with Lana, despite the fact we lived pretty apart from each other.

She was really drunk, so I simply grabbed and hugged her. My hand started making daring advances towards her tits; this wasn't the most wise move, given how serious the sexual harassment laws are today, but the alcohol made me dare it. Kids, don't try this at home.

She simply laughed a little, grabbed my hand and put it on her tit for a second, then put it away safely on my own leg.

"Aren't you a gentleman, Dan?". She pinched my hand, then laughed some more.

"No, not really. I am just some horny guy.".

She just pushed me away, and then made her serious face. Which, with the level of alcohol in her blood, wasn't too impressive. I had to cross all the way through the taxi seat, and in my semi conscious state it seemed a damn long seat.

Slowly moving my ass, I was making my way towards her, with my hand on her leg already, when the forgotten cab driver interrupted.

"We've arrived. It's 20 dollars."

We looked at each other and she cut to the chase.

"You know I have a boyfriend, Dan." taking my hand off her leg again.

"I've never been one not to share the good things in life."

She opened her eyes a little surprised, then moved up to kiss me in the forehead, opened her door, and took off the car saying bye bye.

I was left sitting there for a while.

"You know the taximeter is still running, don't you?."

"Oh yeah, yeah. I live on Maple Street with the Fifth."

That was on the other side of the city. It was the most expensive cab ride of my life.

----

We simply avoided each other for the rest of the week, casually greeting each other and moving on. It was obvious that we at least remembered some of the cab ride, and we suspected the other knew too. The weekend calmed us both, and by Monday we were making small chat and laughing together again.

And I had mostly forgotten about the event, because life went on for a couple of months. I got hitched with a girl I met at a friend's party, then quickly broke up with her.

One Friday I was in my cubicle, cranking away test cases, when Lana showed up at my back saying.

"Hey Dan, I wanna discuss some changes to the administrator interface. Want some coffee?"

"Sure."

We went off the building and into the coffee store on the other side off the street. I was actually not into coffee and just drank some iced tea. Lana asked for some Latte Espresso Big Cappuccino Something or Other. A big cup of coffee in the end. She seemed a little nervous. We sat down on an isolated corner of the store

"So, Dan, are you into sharing?" she said in a voice I could barely hear.

What an odd question to ask I thought, completely oblivious.

"Well, dunno. I am not really giving money to any charity right now. Depends on what we are talking about."

"Sex.", she quickly replied.

"Ooooooooh I see."

I was thinking fast. I didn't even know Lana's boyfriend. Which in a sense made things easier.

"...yes."

She was blushing. A lot.

"So, today's Friday. I've been talking to my boyfriend that I want to experiment a little before getting into a serious relationship, and he thinks it'd be...prudent, so I was thinking if you want to come over today and have a little sharing experiment of our own..."

I looked into her eyes, and then grabbed her head and kissed her right there. She broke off from the kiss and started talking again.

"Woah cowboy. Slow down. There are a couple of rules."

"Ok?"

She was talking with a firm voice. I noticed some guy listening a couple of tables away, but said nothing.

"First. You wear a condom at all times. Even for oral sex."

"Ok.", I accepted, just a little disappointed.

"Second. When I say stop, it's stop, and you will drop whatever you are doing and walk out of the room."

"Ok."

"Third, I want a double penetration at some point, so no getting shy about balls touching and stuff like that" Amazingly, she wasn't blushing anymore.

"Ok, ok, anything else?"

"No, but more rules may come up at any moment. I'll pass by your cubicle in a couple of hours and we'll go home a little earlier."

Without saying anything else she stood up and left the table, without even finishing my coffee. I watched her hot ass walk slowly off the shop. The dude on the other table just gave me a funny look and turned around. I drank my tea, waiting for my raging erection to disappear. A few minutes later I went back to the office. I took a quick detour to buy a condom box.

That was the longest wait of my life. It wasn't helped by the constant AIM messages she sent me.

LanaLanaLanaLana: 105 minutes until penises entering my vagina

LanaLanaLanaLana: 90 minutes until having more dicks than really needed

LanaLanaLanaLana: 84 minutes until F-hour

LanaLanaLanaLana: 70 minutes until gang bang

DanTheMan: JESUS, WOMAN SHUT UP

She actually came into my cubicle half an hour earlier than what she promised.

"Lots of people are leaving earlier. I can't wait. Let's go."

We called a cab. Once inside I grabbed her and started kissing her. She stopped me and called her boyfriend.

"Brian, sweetie, we are on our way. Are you ready? Yeah, take a shower. Yeah, we'll take one too."

Luckily the cab driver wasn't paying attention. Anyway, we got to her apartment building pretty quickly (or so it seemed).

In the elevator I just grabbed her tits with both hands. They were deliciously firm. Her left hand made a beeline for my balls, which she started massaging. She was good. Without breaking our respective grabs, we walked off the elevator, and got next to the door. Who I supposed was Brian opened. He was short and muscular (which was obvious because he was wearing a towel). He was good looking overall. 

"Hey kids, wanna come play inside?"

"Dan, this is Brian; Brian, Dan, Dan, Brian etc. I'll take a shower, you guys start knowing each other, because, you know"

She ran off to the bathroom and soon we heard the shower.

I tried to break the ice.

"So...threesome. How did she convince you."

"Well, it was easy; Lana just promised me we'd have a MFF the next time, so I was quickly convinced"

"Ha, lucky guy!" I hit him on the arm "Any girl you got in mind?"

"Uh, actually Lana said she'd made the election."

I raised an eyebrow

"Yeah, I know. She wants to experiment a little. Or a lot. I was trying to talk her into getting married, and then she got all scared up and then, a couple of weeks later, she comes up with this. And here we are."

I was considering Lana's possible lesbian tendencies, when, wrapped in a small towel, with her wet hair in a mess (she didn't bother drying it) she appeared behind me.

"Ok, third wheel. Shower up. We'll be in the bedroom."

I went into the bathroom. The water was still running. I just got naked and quickly took a shower. My cock was at full mast the whole time.

Then I wrapped myself in a towel I found, and went to the bedroom. Lana was giving a kiss to Brian while massaging his massive cock. I felt a little embarrassed about my six inches. He had at least nine, and his cock was so wide Lana's hand didn't wrap around it. I stood there, looking at this show for a while.

"Ahem."

Lana looked my way and laughed.

"Come on Dan." She grabbed my towel and pulled. I was naked with my -smaller- cock erect in front of them.

"Ooooh, he is smaller than you, Brian. You know what that means, don't you?"

We looked at each other. Brian was mortified too.

"It's obvious; Dan gets to fuck me in the ass, because you know you are too big for that, Brian". She laughed "Having a normal sized cock has its advantages, Dan. Now stand here next to Brian so I can suck you both."

She was running the show now.

"Men! now, get close together because your cocks aren't long enough to suck them both from such a distance! Yeah, right to each other."

We obeyed. Feeling Brian's warm skin next to me was really weird. She grabbed a condom out of nowhere and put it quickly on me. Brian was wearing nothing. I forgot quickly about condoms or Brian when Lana started alternating on our cocks. She was quite skilled with her tongue, running it around my head, then going up and down the shaft. Her left hand was on my balls. Her fingers were lightly tapping on them. I mostly forgot about Brian. I even barely felt I was wearing a condom.

"Ok, I want both cocks in my mouth now."

I looked at Brian, who was just opening his eyes. We gyrated our hips towards each other. Luckily, Brian's longer cock meant we didn't have to strain to get the heads closer. Lana grabbed each cock with a hand, pulled them hard, and put both heads in her mouth. This seemed to really excite her more than it excited us. In an instant she was moaning with our cocks in her mouth. Her tongue twirled around my head some times. My cock touched Brian's a couple of times, but I said nothing, remembering her warning. And they didn't really touch anyway; I was still wearing a condom.

Lana was really into this. She'd look at Brian while sucking my cock, and then look at me when sucking his. Then she'd go back to suck both cocks while moaning. 

At some point she stood up.

"Ok, I can't wait no more. I need you both inside of me."

She quickly rode Brian. While impaling herself, she told me "There's lubricant on that desk."

I went to the desk and searched. There was a big bottle of lube. I put a lot on my cock, then went to her. Her ass was in the air and she was moving slowly. I put some lube on her asshole. I've had anal a few times, so I knew what I was doing.

I grabbed her ass. She stopped moving, but kept moaning anyway.

"Come on Dan. I need your cock inside me. Ass, or pussy, it's all the same now."

I wanted her ass. I put my head on the asshole and pushed slowly, but firmly. She yelled and cursed me for a while, then, went back to moving.

We were in the classical position; she was lying on top of Brian, with her legs to the side. I was behind her, almost sitting on Brian's legs. I started moving back and forth. 

"Oh yes, Dan, I love your cock, I love your cock, it's glorious to have them both in me, one in my ass, one in my pussy, oh god."

I was busy grabbing her ass and enjoying her tight ass. 

"OH YES DAN FUCK ME FUCK ME FUCK ME BRIAN MOVE YOU LAZY TWAT YES LIKE THAT OOOH OOOOH OHHHHHOOOOOHHH OOOOOOH!"

She had raised her torso, so I was grabbing now her tits and biting her back. Brian was grabbing her ass cheeks. We all moved like one for a good while, all yelling and sweating and touching.

"oooooohooooooOOOOOOH DAAAAN BRIANBRIANBRIANYEEEEEES!"

She finished; I finished a couple of strokes later. I spurted for a good while, really hard. I moved off and dropped the condom away, while Brian and Lana were kissing and embracing each other.

I was spent. It would take a few minutes before my next erection.

Lana started giggling. 

"You finished? Brian hasn't finished yet."

"So?"

"Hurry up, cause I want him to come in my mouth while you fuck me in the pussy."

I laughed, but she came over and started kissing my cock.

"But Lana, the condom!"

"FUCK CONDOMS!" and she kept going at it.

After a little while, I was erect again. . Her tongue against my flesh was a delicious feeling. She gave me a little playful bites, while looking my face. She then put me a new condom, mounted me and started to move up and down on my cock. I grabbed her glorious tits, and her sweet ass. I was in heaven.

Then I noticed that, standing next to us was Brian. Lana was blowing him, and she was also talking between suck and suck.

"Oh, yes Dan, yesssss, like that, keep going."

Having just ejaculated, I could go "like that" for a long time indeed. I concentrated on putting my hand over all her body, but soon my dick was about to explode again. Lana's pussy was just too much.

Suddenly, she came down and kissed me. First just the lips, then whole tongue. I noticed too much spit on her mouth, but the kiss was good. I started ejaculating just as I felt something more dense than simple saliva coming from her mouth. I opened my eyes scared and looked her, still coming.

"It's semen, Dan. I am sorry, but I needed some warranty that you wouldn't open your mouth around the office, and snowballing you seemed like the simplest option."

Brian looked at me with a "sorry man" face. It wasn't his idea. Lana had tricked me into tasting another man's semen.

"Dan, I think there's some cum in your beard." She stuck out her tongue and cleaned it.