 I was going through some boxes which contained some of my older possessions, debating their fate, when I came across one of my old journals. Taking a few moments, I opened the book and began to read.

Seeing my mind set as a 20 year old was very interesting. I still had the naive teenage sentiments over some things ("Mr. So and So is a jerk" or I can't believe how fat I'm getting right before summer") and yet was showing some signs of being an adult ("Where will I work this summer? I need the money to pay for tuition.")

There were also the compensatory details of my "love" life. Boys and dates detailed for historians to ponder over in future centuries ("I wore my blue t-shirt that's really tight and makes me look sexy" and "I had a soda, he had a milkshake").

But I when I came to the entry for December 26, 1981, I stopped. All it said was, "No entry today, I'm feeling kind of sad."

It was then I remembered that I really wasn't sad. It was a code for me to "See Alternate Diary."

My SAD journal was where I wrote down all the things I didn't want my parents to see. It had details of my sex life. Entries about my first time letting a boy touch me; giving a hand-job; sucking a guy and swallowing (well, tried to swallow); losing my virginity on my 18th birthday ; becoming bisexual; etc. I also remember chronicling some of more wilder sexual escapades (Like the day we did it 6 times. I was sore for days). 

So kept searching through my possessions and found my SAD journal. However, it had a lock, and was still intact. By shear luck, I found the key in an old jewelry box and opened the SAD.

I turned to December 26, 1981 and began to read:

Tony's parents were away for Christmas. We could play house for the entire weekend without any worries of being caught.

Just after dinner, we retired to his bedroom. We slid under the covers and began to kiss. He was slow, and his tongue darted with mine. We pulled off each others shirts and he unhooked my bra. I loved the feeling of his chest against my breasts. I rubbed my erect nipples against him. His mouth soon went to my breasts, flicking my nipples with his tongue.

I felt his hand undoing my jeans, and I lifted my hips to make it easier for him to remove them. He guided my hand to his belt. Slowly I unhooked it, and reached down inside his pants and felt his cock through his underwear. He got up and removed his pants and underwear in one motion. Then he reached under covers and removed my panties.

A talented finger began to stimulate me, and got wetter. He slid that finger inside me and began to fuck me with it. I had a hand on his growing penis. I knew what was next. Tony loved licking my pussy, and he buried his head into me. That talented tongue was darting in and out of me. Normally, I would have let him go on all night, but tonight I wanted to feel his cock in me.

"Give me your cock," I panted.

He stopped licking and brought his cock to my face. "It's not ready for you," he said. His manhood was inches from face, and I took him in my mouth and got him hard.

When Tony was ready, he got on his back and I mounted him. We were rocking back and forth and the sounds of sex were bouncing around the room. Then, the phone next to Tony's bed rang.

Normally, we would just let it ring, but after the 12th ring or so, Tony picked it up . "Hello," he said sternly.

Still on top with Tony's cock inside me, he handed me the phone and said, "It's for you. It's Judy."

Judy was my best friend since grammar school, into high school, and although we went to different colleges, we remained friends. I also knew she had a big crush on Tony. 

"Elise, I'm having a little post Christmas Get-Together at my house. Nothing special, just a little come as you are party."

I coughed and handed the phone to Tony. "Really?" he asked. He handed the phone back and starting fucking me faster. Every time his cock entered me, I let out a soft grunt..

"Elise? What's going on?" Judy asked.

"I'm (grunt!) cumming! (grunt!)"

"Oh god, are you two, doing it?"

"Yes, but Tony's not done yet." I squeezed his cock tighter in my pussy and soon he announced that he was spent.

"Elise, I'm so sorry. I didn't realize that you two were so close."

"It's okay, Judy." Then I got hit with an idea which totally blew me away. "Why don't you see if you can sneak away for an hour and come join us? I'm sure Tony wouldn't mind." Tony's eyes lit up and then he looked confused. I covered the phone and whispered, "Don't worry, she won't do it."

There was a pause on the other end. Then she said, "Okay, be there in a few"

"The front door is open. We'll be in Tony's room," I told her. "You know which one it is."

She hung up and I told Tony that she was on her way over. He was still looking unsure. "Don't worry; I'll be here the whole time."

Tony and I freshened up then he made a sign and hung it on the door. "Knock before entering." He shut the door and we returned to the bed waiting for Judy.

Her trip was fast. We heard the front door open and Judy walking to the room. We heard the knock.

Then Tony said, "Judy, I want to be sure that you're serious and it's not just a ploy to see me without any pants on. So can you please get undressed in the hall, and toss your clothes in here piece by piece?"

The door opened and she tossed in her shoes, socks, jeans, sweater, and her panties.

"Bra too please," Tony ordered.

"I wasn't wearing one," came her reply.

"Okay, you can enter." 

Slowly, she peaked around the door, and seeing us in be covered to the waist, she entered.

Judy tried to retain a pure image, her arm across her breasts, and her other hand covering her pussy. Tony wasn't going for this.

"Let me see your tits." he said. Judy moved her arm revealing her breasts, which were bigger than mine. "Your other hand, move that one too please." She moved her other hand. Her pubic hair was thick and black. Tony did some elevator eyes on Judy, checking her out from head to toe. And although she carried a little bit of a stomach, she was still quite attractive.

"You look cold, get in bed" Tony said, and opened the covers on his side. Judy slid under the covers and snuggled up to Tony. He gave her a long passionate kiss. Under the covers, I could see her legs caressing Tony's. One of his hands held her face, while the other was under the covers, touching her hip.

Tony's kisses passed to her neck. She offered her throat to him. I began to feel their heat, and could feel mine rising again. Her body rose in the bed as his kisses began to drift lower on her body. Soon he was kissing between her breasts. Judy's breathing was quickening and her hands caressed Tony's hair. Her breasts surrounded his face. His tongue, oh so wet, licked in the middle and went all the under one breast and around and over it. I could see his saliva glistening on her body. He got his full mouth on her nipple, and Judy let out her first audible gasp. It was great watching her become so alive. She moved so Tony would suck the other one, and he greedily did so.

All this action really had me getting hot, and I wondered how Tony's was being affected. I peeked under the sheets and found he was still soft. This boy had some control.

I reached over and took Judy's hand and guided it to Tony's cock. When she touched it he jumped. "Gently" I told her. She kept a hand on his cock; Tony's hand began to drift south to her thick pubic hair. His fingers touched and played with the fur. He was petting the damn thing! Judy's legs spread giving his hand access to her pussy. She took Tony's arm and forced it down to her pussy.

I pulled away the covers just as he began to touch her clit. She gasped loudly. I moved so I could watch his hand. Judy's pussy, although very hairy had surprisingly little hair around the lips. Tony's talented fingers played with her clit and her outer lips.

Tony was kissing down her body, and I whispered to her, "He's going to lick your pussy. He won't stop until you cum."

As Tony positioned himself, he spread her legs, and gently kissed each thigh, getting closer which each kiss. The final kisses were in her muff and on the pussy lips. Tony's tongue darted into her pussy. Judy's breathing really quickened. I also noticed her hands clenching the sheets. It only took Tony about 10 minutes to get her to cum. When she did, she lifted her hips from the bed, and held Tony's face into her pussy. She screamed and lowered her hips back to the bed.

Tony backed away, his face covered in with pussy and saliva. He bent down to give Judy a kiss and surprisingly she kissed him and then gave his face a lick.

"I think she's ready." Tony said.

I looked at Tony's penis, which had become soft again. "You're not." I told him. Turning to Judy, I said, "Let's turn you into a cocksucker."

She got a devilish grin. Tony got on his back and Judy and I each got on one of his sides. "Watch what I do, and then you follow." She nodded in understanding. I took Tony's cock and put it in my mouth. I took a few draws on it before turning it to Judy. I held it as she put her lips to it and placed it in her mouth. She followed my example, staying on his cock longer than I did.

Tony began to get erect and Judy pulled away. "I can't take it all," she stated.

And I taught her how to mark her gag point with her hand. She worked Tony's cock until he was his full 8 inches. Her enthusiasm was remarkable. She wasn't stopping.

"We don't have time for a blow-job" I said. "Remember the 'Cum as you are party'?"

Judy stopped and went to her purse. She pulled out a condom and asked Tony's to wear it.

He put it on and Judy lay on her back. I put a pillow under her hips to make first time entry easier.

I held her hand as Tony spread her legs and positioned his cock right at her pussy. He slowly just inserted the head, and stayed like that until Judy calmed down. He gave her a little more. She cried a little, he eased off, and just fucked with the head and a few inches of his cock. Tony's pressed a little harder. Judy cried again.

Tony was using about 5 inches when he just went for it. He grabbed her hips and pushed. She cried out and squeezed my hand really hard. Tony pulled out and entered again. This time she cried less. Soon, she was panting and grunting every time Tony hit bottom.

Keeping a steady rhythm, Tony's cock kept sliding in and out. He began sweating, and the beads were dripping onto Judy. She no longer cried in pain, but was just making one continuous moaning sound. I began to touch my wet pussy. Then I saw her hips rise up like before. She moaned and after she came, her hips fell to the bed.

Tony pulled out. He recognized that she would appreciate any more. But he wasn't finished. He asked Judy, "Can I fuck your tits?"

She just nodded yes. Tony got up, removed the condom and began to fuck Judy's tits. Judy held her tits together to make it better for Tony. It wasn't long before Tony blasted a load into Judy's face. She laughed as the semen hit her, and even took a little in the mouth. She licked Tony clean.

We all got dressed and went to the party. Tony and I arrived before Judy.

We asked Judy's boyfriend where she was. Just then she came in with bags of ice, snacks, soda and other real food.

Throughout the evening, thoughts of what went kept bring a smile to my face. I couldn't wait to have Tony again.