 This is part two of a multi-part story. The third installment should be done soon. I hope you enjoy it. As always thanks to my editor Cheer_Smartie526

*

Harry stood alone near the pool. He had begun to wonder if his friends had changed their minds when the door burst open and Sallie walked in. She was wearing a bikini that left just enough to the imagination.

"Kim had a wardrobe malfunction, he will catch up," Sallie said as she made a bee line for the hot tub. The entire pool area was vacant. Harry watched her ass wiggle as she walked across the pool deck. If he was ten years younger and she wasn't dating one of his good friends he would be all over her. Despite the demographic differences he found Sallie very easy to talk to. She slipped into the hot tub until only her head appeared above the water. Harry followed her, sitting on the opposite side of the tub. Much to his surprise she moved over until she was next to him.

"I have something I want to talk to you about and I don't want to shout over the noise of the bubbles," she said.

"Okay," he replied.

Sallie took a deep breath. She and Kim had decided that it would be better if she brought up the topic of a threesome. If Kim mentioned it she thought it would sound like he was pimping her out. She wanted Harry to know that this was something she wanted.

"Kim says you are pretty open minded," she said, putting her hand on his leg.

"Mostly," he replied.

Her mind was a whirling tempest, she could not believe what she was about to say out loud. She and Kim had talked about this for weeks but she was still nervous. If Harry said no she would never feel right around him again, but everything that made this risky also made it arousing. She moved her hand on to his chest. Harry was aptly named; a thick carpet of hair covered his upper body. Thankfully it ended at his shoulders. She twirled a lock of his chest hair between her fingers.

"Kim and I want you to be with us," she whispered in his ear. Despite their best efforts she was not thrilled with the way the invitation was worded, but she could not bring herself to say anything more explicit.

The entire world froze as Harry's mind processed Sallie's words. It was like the universe was calling his bluff. More than once he had stroked his cock thinking of Sallie's lithe body, her perky breasts and firm ass. He felt his cock begin to swell in anticipation of being inside her. There was nothing to stop him from saying yes. He and his wife had agreed that sex outside their marriage was acceptable and he certainly had no qualms about fucking Sallie. The rational part of his brain butted in, telling him that he may have misunderstood what she said.

"With you?" he asked.

Putting her hands on his shoulders she straddled his lap. A sense of relief flowed through her when she felt his throbbing erection. She slid forward until his cock was pressed firmly against her, "With us."

"Okay," he said, making the biggest understatement of his life.

"Do you think I'm sexy?" she asked.

"Fuck yea," he replied.

Sallie hooked her thumb under the shoulder strap of her swimsuit.

"I don't have big tits like your wife," she said, sliding the strap down her arm.

Harry's mouth hung open. His wife didn't have big tits, but they were larger than what Sallie had. It didn't matter; he could not look away as she continued to pull down her suit. The fabric slipped way, revealing a pair of perky A cup breasts. Her nipples stood out from her dark areolas as the frothy water of the hot tub lapped at her tan skin. She leaned forward, pressing her tits against his chest. Her lips were inches from his ear.

"So how open minded are you?" she asked.

"I have limits; I'm not going to put on any of your clothes or anything, "he replied, wondering what she had in mind.

"Would you touch Kim for me?" she asked, "It would really turn me on." 

"Yes," he answered.

She continued with her questions, each one raised the level of her arousal, "Would you kiss him?"

"Maybe, it would take some encouragement," he replied. The way she was rubbing her body against his was making his cock ache. It was also silencing the voice of his inhibitions.

"I can be quite a cheerleader," she said, then bit her lip. The next question she wanted to ask was the most daring. She took a few deep breathes.

"Is something wrong?" Harry asked. He wasn't thrilled by the idea of making out with another guy, but if it turned her on he was more than willing to give it a try.

"There's one more thing I want to asked, but I'm afraid to. I don't want to push things too far," she replied.

"I don't think there is anything you could ask me that would stop this from happening," Harry said, punctuating his statement with a slight upward thrust of his hips.

"Would you make out with him while I watched?" she asked, gaining confidence in her plan.

"Yea," he answered.

The idea of kissing another man wasn't something Harry had ever considered, but even though she didn't offer anything in return he didn't hesitate to give her the answer she wanted. 

"I'm not talking a peck on the cheek, I'm talking making out like horny teenagers, groping, French kissing, everything," she explained as she pushed his chest hair aside and pinched his nipple. She smiled, men's nipples amused her. They were so much smaller than her own were. Sallie long ago decided that if men's nipples were as sensitive as women's were they would never stop playing with them.

"As long as you are involved I am okay with it," Harry said. Between her grinding against his cock and the temperature of the water he was beginning to feel light headed.

"Do you want to kiss me?" she asked.

"Yea," he replied, the spark of lust in his eyes growing to a flame.

"I just sucked Kim's dick and he came in my mouth, still want to kiss me?" she teased. It never occurred to her that telling him she had given her boyfriend a blowjob would be arousing, but it was.

The game they were playing was fun, but Harry wanted more. Instead of answering her question with words he put his hand on the back of her head and pulled her towards him. The moment their lips met he thrust his tongue into her mouth. She reciprocated, sucking on his tongue the same way she had sucked on Kim's dick.

Holding a towel in front of his swimsuit Kim walked down the hallway toward the pool area. His cock was still not completely flaccid, which surprised him. The combination of coming in Sallie's mouth and the idea of her in the hot tub with another man should have caused it to return to a more relaxed state. He stopped at the glass door and stared at the activity in the hot tub. Harry was in the tub facing away from the door. Sallie was sitting in Harry's lap; facing him. Kim doubted she had noticed him yet. For all he knew she was already fucking Harry. At first Kim felt a pang of jealousy. He tried to deal with it rationally. Sallie had been a willing accomplice in their previous threesomes, encouraging him to fuck several of her friends. He certainly should not complain if she wanted to turn the tables on him. Any concerns about her fucking around were not shared by his cock, which began to swell as he watched her writhe in Harry's lap.

Sallie climbed off Harry's lap and sat beside him, slipping her hand into his swimsuit. She knew that if she had stayed on top of him any longer the temptation to fuck him in the hot tub would have been irresistible. Although the idea of sex in the hotel hot tub sounded intriguing she knew the reality was quite different. As she wrapped her hands around Harry rigid cock she tried to determine if it was any bigger than Kim's. It didn't matter; she did not consider herself a size queen, although she had fucked one guy just because he had a big dick out of curiosity. Any benefit his large penis provided was nullified by his behavior, the guy was a complete asshole. She turned her attention back to Harry and his throbbing erection. She liked the way it felt in her hand.

"I can't leave you two alone for a second, can I?" Kim asked, stepping into the tub and sitting next to Sallie. They both looked a little startled by his arrival.

"He said yes," Sallie gushed with a huge grin on her face.

"Duh, who wouldn't?" Kim replied. Any reservations he had about the threesome melted away when he saw the expression on Sallie's face.

"Are you okay with this?" Harry asked.

"Fuck yea, but I have to warn you... she's a very kinky girl, the kind you don't bring home to mother," Kim replied.

"You are correct," Sallie said, reaching into Kim's shorts and grabbing his cock and then reclining just enough that the water covered her breasts. Sallie determined that Harry's cock was slightly thicker than Kim's, but almost exactly the same length. A smile spread across her face as she thought about how much she was going to enjoy having a cock in her mouth and her pussy the same time.

Kim leaned over and kissed his girlfriend on the cheek, then put one hand on her breast. As he tugged on her nipple he continued to kiss her, getting closer and closer to her ear. He recalled the sight of her in Harry's lap and decided he wanted to see her impaled on Harry's dick.

For a few moments Harry was content to watch Kim kiss and caress Sallie, but he soon joined in and followed his friend's example. Sallie's hand was still stroking his cock and most likely Kim's as well. When his lips pressed against her shoulder the water from the hot tub splashed against his cheek. He cupped his hand around her breast and pulled it up towards his mouth.

"Oh yes," Sallie moaned. While Harry seemed to be focused on her breast, she felt Kim put his hand between her legs and stroke her pussy though the thin material of her swimsuit. She knew they should go back to the room, but nobody seemed to be moving in that direction. She sat up a bit and the moment her tits broke the surface of the water both Harry and Kim began to kiss and caress them. Any concerns about being caught having sex in the hot tub were overwhelmed by the idea of having two hard cocks inside her.

The material of her swimsuit was so sheer that Kim could feel every contour of Sallie's sex, the gentle swelling of her outer labia and the valley between them. He could even feel the nub of her clitoris as it swelled with her arousal. His other hand was just as busy feeling her breast.

With great effort, Harry stopped kissing Sallie's tit. He lifted his head and turned to look at her. The expression on her face told him she was enjoying the experience, but he had something he hoped she would enjoy even more. He leaned forward and kissed her on the lips, once again invading her mouth with his tongue. 

It took Kim a few moments to realize Harry was no longer following his lead, but was instead French kissing his girlfriend. Kim lifted his head and kissed her neck, then her ear and finally her cheek. She turned her head, breaking the kiss with Harry to offer her mouth to him. Kim readily accepted her invitation.

Harry took a deep breath. Kim had responded just as he had hoped, and now it was time to take a chance. He put his hand on the back of Kim's head and pulled him away from Sallie. Before Kim could react Harry kissed him on the mouth right in front of Sallie's face. In his peripheral vision he could see Sallie's wide eyed reaction to the way he fulfilled her request.

Being kissed by Harry was not something Kim had expected. He wondered if Sallie had put him up to it, seeing two men kiss was high on her list of fantasies. His mind recalled images of Sallie making out with other women from a vodka-inspired dare at a bar and passionately kissing one of her friends during a threesome. Kim wasn't about to let Harry make Sallie's fantasy come true alone.

The sight left her temporarily speechless. The reluctance that both Kim and Harry had shown when she asked them about making out with each other was gone. They wrapped their arms around each other, muscles bulging as they pulled each other close. It was a scene she had masturbated to many, many times but never thought she would actually see. She didn't know if it was an act for her benefit or if they were really enjoying kissing each other. It didn't matter, it was more arousing that she had imagined.

"Oh, yes, that is so fucking hot," Sallie moaned, hoping to encourage them to take it further.

Much to his surprise, kissing Kim did nothing to lessen Harry's arousal. Sallie's voice only increased it and her constant stroking of his cock was bringing him close to climax, but he wasn't ready to come. Harry stood up, dragging Kim into the middle of the hot tub. The two of the slowly spun around, and tangle of arms, each trying to please Sallie.

"Get a room you two," Sallie teased. She was torn between her reluctance to stop the show the two men were putting on and her concern about getting caught.

"We are not leaving until you have sucked both our dicks," Kim said. 

The statement left her stunned and even more turned on. Sallie joined the two men in the middle of the hot tub. She put her arms around Kim's waist, and then began to pull his short down.

"I want to see you suck Harry's dick first," Kim said.

Sallie turned her attention to Harry. She wedged herself between the two men and pushed Harry towards the edge of the hot tub. She hooked her thumbs into his swimsuit and slid it down to his knees. She felt Kim crouch down behind her back as his hands grabbed her tits.

"Sit," she commanded.

The sight of Sallie with her bikini top pulled down to her waist and Kim's hands on her breasts was something Harry had never thought he would see. He had undressed Sallie with his eyes; he imagined most men that saw her did. Her petite, fit body was a remarkable sight with clothes on. Half-naked, she was irresistible. When she put her hands on his thighs he felt a current pass between them, electrifying his cock. She leaned forward and pressed her lips against his chest, her wet hair plastered against her face.

Hooking his finger into the crotch of Sallie's swimsuit Kim pulled the material to the side, exposing her labia. He leaned forward and kissed her on the neck, then watched as her lips pressed against his friend's cock. Bit by bit it disappeared into her mouth.

Having her boyfriend watch while she sucked another man's cock was not as awkward as she thought it would be. She had seen him go down on other women and found the sight to be quite arousing, she wondered if he felt the same way. At first Harry's dick tasted like the water in the hot tub, but it wasn't long before she detected the distinct flavor of his pre-cum. It was a bit saltier than Kim's, but not enough to make her stop. She cupped his balls in her hand. The hot water had relaxed the skin around them, giving them a different feel. Sallie slid Harry's cock out of her mouth and planted kisses all the way down his rigid shaft, then sucked one of his balls into her mouth. Her tongue lazily traced letter of the alphabet on it as she stroked his cock with her hand.

It had been a long time since Harry had been this aroused by a hand job, but it was also the first time a woman had sucked on his balls while she stroked his cock. He watched as Sallie's lips worked their way back up his rigid shaft and once again wrapped around the engorged head of his erection. Her boyfriend was nuzzling her neck and nibbling on her ear as her head bobbed up and down. Harry wondered if he could be as close to another man's cock as Kim was to his.

Seeing Sallie with Harry's dick in her mouth was a bit surreal. Kim felt like he should be jealous, even angry that she was clearly enjoying the experience, but he wasn't. Judging by how swollen her nipples were she was pretty aroused by what she was doing and that made him want more.

"Now I want you to suck my cock while he fucks you," Kim whispered in his girlfriend's ear.

Sallie extracted Harry's dick from her mouth and began kissing her way up his body. Her lips took a meandering path that made brief stops at both his nipples before continuing along his neck and finally stopping just behind Harry's ear.

"Kim wants me to suck his dick now, but you are more than welcome to join in," she said. The statement was deliberately ambiguous. She wondered how Harry would interpret it. She turned her attention to Kim, who was standing in the middle of the hot tub. His erection was straining against the fabric of his swimsuit. She slipped one hand into his shorts and grabbed his cock. Her other hand landed on his shoulder, she pulled him down and kissed him on the lips.

Kim knew that Sallie was testing him. She wanted to see if the fact that she had just finished sucking another man's cock would deter him from kissing her. When the tables were turned she had eagerly thrust her tongue into his mouth right after he had gone down on one of her friends, so she had set the bar fairly high. He accepted her challenge and kissed her deeply as she pushed him back to the side of the hot tub. He felt his shorts being pulled down, and then Sallie's lips began their trek down his body.

As the scene unfolded in front of him Harry wondered what Sallie expected him to do? She had told him to join in, but did she mean he should join her in sucking Kim's cock? He wasn't sure if he was ready to take things quite that far. He looked at her again; she was bent at the waist and probably already had Kim's dick in her mouth. She didn't look like she wanted to share. Harry watched her ass move from side to side as she swallowed Kim's erection. Kim seemed quite focused on watching her. Harry looked at them and wondered again what Sallie had meant by her invitation. Getting a blowjob was one thing, but fucking her in front of her boyfriend was something else. He stood up and waddled across the hot tube, his shorts still around his knees. He put his hands on Sallie's hips and began to pull her swimsuit down until it disappeared beneath the water. He looked up at Kim, his friend was gave him a thumbs up, and then went back to watching Sallie suck his cock. 

Things were moving faster than she expected. Sallie had only expected to fool around a bit in the hot tub; she did not think she would be this naked until they were safely back in the hotel room. She put her hands on Kim's hips, bracing herself for what Harry was about to do. She felt Kim grab her hair, pulling it back so he could watch see her lips wrapped around his throbbing erection. Harry's hand was on her ass, she imagined his other hand was on his cock, taking aim at the wet slit between her legs. She pressed her tongue against Kim's dick, if letting Harry fuck her was bothering him his erection certainly did not show it.

Kim's eyes darted back and forth between watching Sallie giving him a blowjob and Harry guiding his cock closer and closer to Sallie's pussy. The original plan was to fuck Sallie once Harry was done with her, but he was beginning to doubt he would last long enough to get sloppy seconds. The pressure was already building in his cock; he might come in Sallie's mouth again.

The contrast between Sallie's ass and his hand was striking. Her ass was small and a bit boney, with the olive skin typical of her ethnicity. The skin on his hand was much lighter, which made it appear even larger that it was. Harry had never had fetish for Asian women, but he certainly found Sallie attractive. He glanced at Kim one more time; his friend's eyes were glued to Sallie's hips. He seemed almost eager to see his girlfriend get fucked. Harry pressed his cock against Sallie's labia. The head of his cock slowly penetrated her. Harry felt his orgasm begin to build before he was fully inside her. He took a deep breath and paused once his cock was sheathed in Sallie's vagina. Once he felt like he was in control again he began to move his hips back and forth. He watched Sallie's head bob up and down, matching the pace he set, and then turned his attention back to watching his cock slide in and out of her.
