 I work in a stereo store with seven other sales associates. I'm the only female and that fact has led me to take a very defensive approach to working. At five foot three inches, blonde and fit, if I wasn't defensive in how I tackled work, I'd be forever harassed and never accomplish anything.

I grew a reputation that lasted through several sales teams that I wasn't there to be pinched, teased, flirted with, or anything other than work-related interaction. It worked.

Or so I thought. During the store Christmas party I stumbled onto a conversation I almost wish I hadn't heard. I was around the corner from the sales room, and couldn't be seen, so I stood there and listened a moment.

"No way, man!" Jake hooted. "She smiled at him?"

"No shit, man, she did." That voice was Andy's.

The next words were what brought me up short from entering the room.

"I guess even dykes would find that guy attractive." Bernie, whom I liked, and he was referring to the cute corporate buyer, who was out on the floor with the other celebrants.

They had to be talking about me... the only other female was the accountant, and she was married.

"I've never seen Lynn look at a guy except to scowl," Jake said in a low voice. "She's a butch, guys. You must have seen it wrong."

"Yeah, Andy, Lynn's a total bull-dyke," Jake went on. "One hundred and thrity percent tongue-sister."

I was floored. Just because I didn't want to mix work with relationships, they thought I was a dyke? I took great pains to keep myself looking good for guys. I worked out. I spent time on my hair, make-up. Tears welled in my eyes and I turned away.

Did I work out too much? How else was I supposed to maintain myself? Guys don't like flabby cows; they laugh at them. I wasn't going to be laughed at. But this, I might almost want to be laughed at than be accused of something I find distasteful. I just don't like the idea of getting involved with a woman. I love the whole male-female thing. I like dick.

I was sobbing by the time I got out to my car. I couldn't stay.

I thought I could shrug it away. I thought I could forget about it. But I couldn't. I would find myself in the shower, frozen in thought, arguing, no, screaming in my mind that I wasn't like that. For a few days, I chewed myself ragged over what I had heard, and I knew that I wouldn't be able to get over it.

I resolved to talk to one of them, Bernie maybe, and set the record straight. I really liked Bernie, he was tall and quiet with the cutest dark blue eyes. There was something hawk-like about his eyes, intelligent in a sharp way, but he never bragged.

I decided my talk would come at the New Years Eve party. It wasn't as big as the Christmas party, and many people didn't show up for it, and certainly no one from corporate. 

On that day, I tried mentally preparing myself. I soaked in the tub, walked along the halls of the house feeling the breeze on my naked skin. I spent more time than usual brushing my hair. I wasn't going to go in and make a huge statement, so my clothes were subdued. I slipped on some lacy white panties and topped it with a white tube dress with spaghetti straps and lace up sides. The dress hem was about three inches longer than my crotch level. I was showing a lot of leg. My jacket hung lower than the dress.

The party is always fun, but only because the booze is free. I would normally only have a few drinks and then go home, but tonight was different. I kept trying to find the courage to pull Andy or Bernie aside, but I couldn't dig up the will to do it.

I drank, instead. When I pulled my jacket off and sat on one of the stereo couches, almost everyone fell silent. Only the music kept playing. I was hopeless. I sat and held my drink, cursing myself for being unable to summon the courage.

"My, that's a nice dress," Jake said with a straight face.

I felt the blush turn my face red. This just wasn't going right.

And then I heard him mutter to Andy, "It's too bad it's on her and not someone else."

I downed my drink as they wandered away. The alcohol swam in my head, warm and comforting. I got up and got another drink. Turning, I saw Andy, Bernie and Jake all looking at me, smirking.

I had suffered enough. I forced myself to take a step towards them. I really tried. My leg didn't want to cooperate. It sort of jerked. Almost falling, I had to step forward to keep from looking like a total fool, and in that recovery, my step towards them turned into another. By the time I walked up to them, I was back in control.

Now was the time. I sipped a gulp and looked at Andy. "Could we have a word in back, the three of us?"

"Uh oh," Jake muttered. "Guess we're in trouble now."

That was frustrating to hear. It had taken a lot for me to decide to confront this. "Just friendly talk, guys."

In back, in the very sales room where this had started, I spilled what I had heard. The words came slow, but ended in a rush.

"I wanted to let you know that you're wrong about me." I tried smiling. "I'm definitely not a dyke."

Andy and Jake shared a slow look as Bernie snorted. They didn't believe me!

"Guys, I don't like women that way. I like men!" 

"You're always sneering at guys, Lynn," Bernie stated. "Only dykes sneer at guys with hatred. But that's okay, being a lesbian and all."

"Yeah, nothing wrong with that," Andy added in.

"Uh huh, I'm a lesbian, too," Jake snickered. "Really."

"I don't like women!" I was insistent. "For crap's sake, guys, I like dick!"

Jake laughed at that. Not in a mean way. It was a genuine gut laugh like I had told a good joke. 

"You really don't believe me, do you?" I was desperate and angry all at the same time. I liked these guys, and they thought so badly of me?

"Sorry, Lynn. It's really okay being a les and all, but the thought of you liking dick just don't fit." Andy shook his head.

Jake snorted. "Do you even know what a dick looks like?"

My mouth hung open. They thought I was a virgin? "I've had plenty of sex before!"

"Chicks don't count," Andy joined in the fun.

Jake burst out laughing again. "Yeah, she wouldn't be able to tell a real dick from a strap-on."

I chuckled. That was a good one. "Whip it out, tough guy, I'll show you."

"Huh?" Jake tried to stop chuckling.

"Whip it out, right here," I demanded. "I'll suck you off faster than any of your guy friends have sucked you off."

Bernie howled at that one. Andy slapped Jake hard on the back.

Jake did the fish mouth until I walked up to him and stuck my hands on his jeans, right where his dick was. "Oh, is this where it is? Right here?"

Jake sputtered.

I downed the rest of my drink and set it down without taking my hand from his jeans. then I gave his package a light squeeze. "Gee, it doesn't seem to like to be touched by a real woman, Jake. Is it used to rubber dolls, maybe?"

Bernie and Andy were almost in tears. Jake didn't know what the hell had hit him.

I fumbled at his pants and yanked his zipper down. I'm not sure why I decided to do this, but I had realized that proving my point was worth what I was doing. What would it matter, anyway? Less than a minute of a blowjob and Jake would be squirting everywhere. Would less than a minute of time ruin anyone's life? Not mine.

Jake tried to stop me. "Hey, what are you doing?"

"I'm going to show you what a real blowjob is, Jake. Because I feel generous this New Years Eve." I yanked his pants down and ripped downward on his underwear. His dick hung there, limp.

"Are you guys seeing this?" Jake asked incredulously of Bernie and Andy.

Four big eyes was all he got in response.

I took his dick in my mouth and worked it, swirling my tongue around and stroking the shaft with my one hand. I think if I hadn't had the drinks, I wouldn't have done this. But I got to thinking about words and deeds, and deeds proved the words. Besides, what really would this blowjob hurt? Anything or anyone? At all? Ever?

"Whoa!" Jake hardened in less than ten seconds.

I stopped long enough to look up at him sweetly. "Gosh, Jake, you got hard pretty fast. Should I continue?"

"I..." Jake stammered.

"I'll take that as a yes." I sucked him back down and really got to work on him. I could feel the hot shaft in my mouth swell.

Jake moaned and pumped his hips.

"I think I'm going to get me a piece of that," Andy muttered. I saw him strip out of his clothes out of the corner of my eye.

I gave the head of Jake's dick a real strong suck and he gasped. "Do you like that, Jake?"

He nodded. "Yeah, that's great." He laughed like he had found a hundred dollar bill in his pocket.

I felt hands lift my waist. My dress was getting slipped off me. I let it. Why not let the others get a little? If the blowjob wasn't going to hurt anything, why not a little more? If I was going to blow one, I supposed I could blow all three of them. Why not? The looks of satisfaction on their faces would be worth the work.

"Oh yeah, nice panties," Bernie said.

"Look at those legs, man," Andy ran his hands up and down my legs as I stood.

"Up on the table, Jake," I ordered. He complied and I went back to sucking him as I felt fingers hook into my panties to pull them down. I let them go and stepped out of them.

Jake stiffened in my hand and mouth as he looked over my figure. That made me feel good. His dick swelled and he started breathing really fast. I pumped him faster and sucked hard on the head.

"Holy shit!" Jake said as his dick squirted hot, salty sperm into my mouth. I sucked and swallowed until I felt his ejaculation slow.

"Next," I called.

Bernie came around and sat on the table in Jake's place. I felt Andy's tongue probe around my pussy as I bent over the table. I gripped Bernie's hardening dick and went to work. Andy's tongue felt so good that I began moaning.

I felt so wanton and slutty. I bobbed my head up and down Bernie's shaft as my passion increased. I wasn't sure if I could ever do something like this, but here I was, and I was amazed at how good everything felt. Andy's tongue had my knees quivering. When Jake got back in the act by applying his tongue to my breasts, I thought I would explode right there. The attention of three men in the act of sex made me feel more feminine than ever. I began to burn with lust and ache to be filled. I didn't care who was where, I just wanted to feel a nice dick entering me and giving me what I needed.

As if reading my mind, I felt the head of Andy's dick search along the folds of my pussy. I spread my legs to help him find my entrance.

"Yeah, baby," Andy said as he pushed his dick into my hungry pussy.

Oh my gosh, I cannot tell you how nasty I felt with a dick in my mouth, a dick fucking my pussy, and my breasts getting attention. Three different points of attention and pleasure made me dizzy. I felt like I was on the verge of a gigantic orgasm, and I felt like I wanted to lose control and just get fucked by whoever came in until I passed out. I had never felt so wild and alive.

Andy's dick slid in and out of me, sending me riding on waves of pleasure. 

"Hey," Bernie said to Andy. "Lemme have some."

"I ain't come yet."

"Don't hog her all to yourself. We're all getting a shot." Bernie got up.

The banter thrilled me. They were all pulling at me, wanting more. I don't think I could have received a better compliment.

Bernie laid me on the table and I spread my legs open for him. I wanted his dick in me. Or Andy's. Or Jake's. I didn't care. They seemed to be moving around too much. I wanted sex! "Fuck me!"

"Sheesh, Bernie," Jake said. "Give it to her."

Andy got near my head as I laid back and I took him in my mouth. I felt Bernie move up and his dick found my hole. He wasn't even in yet and my muscles were rhythmically contracting. I was on the verge. When the second dick of the night was shoved in me, I let out a long groan of relief and pleasure. The waves that were threatening to break crashed over me as my body rippled through a sharp orgasm.

I loved it.

"Fuck her, man!" Jake cheered as he stroked his dick. He might want a piece of my pussy, too. Good.

Bernie's pumping dick hit all the right places. I drifted with the pleasure as I jerked back and forth on the table. The waves receded and the glow of satisfaction settled on me with little electric tingles. Jake moved to my side and I grabbed his dick to stroke. My mouth worked over Andy's hardness as I used what time I had before more orgasms hit.

There was something so comforting in having taken two dicks so far. I don't know, maybe the difference in style. Andy had been slower and steady. Bernie was harder and persistent. I could feel myself letting go, knowing that I would be well-fucked and taken care of.

Bernie slowed a little, but then sped back up. His thrusts came harder. He was getting close, almost ready to shoot his sperm into me. The thought of him coming inside me and feeling it sent me over the edge again and my pussy convulsed with aching lust. I bucked my hips to feel all of him inside me and he stroked his dick in and out even faster. After a moment I realized he was coming as wetness began building inside me. I had my second orgasm right there.

He pulled out in exhaustion and Jake scooted up to shove his dick in me. It felt so good. He pumped like a rabbit and the table jerked all over the place as I got fucked again. I was moaning loud now as my pussy screamed with satisfied sensitivity. I was going to be sore after all this, but a good sore.

Bernie leaned down to kiss me as I lay there getting fucked, and the waves threatened to overtake me again. I was hypersensitive, and too close. I went back to sucking Andy, but I was getting delirious. When Jake pulled out with a heaving sigh, I assumed he had finished again.

Andy got between my legs as my hips writhed up and down from the sensations and convulsions.

"Look at her, man!" Jake shook his head in wonder. "She can't get enough!"

Andy rammed his dick into me and a flash of pain swept up me but subsided quickly. The waves swelled up quickly. With Andy back in me, this was the fourth fuck of the night. His dick was a little smaller, thankfully, and my used hole was getting a great workout. As I jerked to the fuck and the table squeaked with each thrust, my eyes closed. I was in heaven. I had never been so well used and loved.

Oh, I knew there was nothing there with these guys. Nothing would develop; nothing ever would with any of them. But there would be this fun we shared. They would appreciate it and talk about it for years. I would be remembered with satisfaction, not derision. They would remember how great it had been, how good I felt, and how satisfied they were. It was a mutually good thing.

I heard their voices, dim, at a distance. All I knew at this moment was that the fucking had felt so good and I wanted to remember this forever.

"... gone, man..." Jake, somewhere.

"Yeah..." Andy, I think.

"I can't see her eyes; they're all rolled back." Bernie's concerned voice.

I came back to the present as the waves forced me into awareness. Andy was grunting above me, fucking me like a whore, and it felt so good. But I wasn't waiting for him. I was being pushed along a razor's edge of lust and pain. It was coming, and it was coming hard.

"...fuck me like a whore..." My voice?

"Oh man!" Andy. He pumped harder and I think I felt his dick swell in me.

That meant he was getting ready to come in me and the thought of even more sperm getting shot into me dropped me off the edge of the world. My whole body lifted and my back arched. I realized I was screaming out as Andy desperately slammed his dick into me.

Jake was cheering. Bernie said something.

Blinding flashes of light scorched across my eyeballs as I came harder than I have ever come. Andy grabbed my hips and shoved his dick as far as he could into me. More sperm squirted into my already sperm-soaked pussy.

He pulled out and I lay there, panting, trying to focus. I caught my breath after a few minutes and let my head settle to the side. I wanted to sleep and savor it for the next two weeks. I laid there, the sperm of three men gushing out of me, and dozed off.

You know what? Some might expect to be treated really bad afterwards, but I was treated better than I ever have been. I imagine that they felt protective of me now that they had fucked me so thoroughly. They were grateful for such a good time and they even apologized for the dyke comments. Maybe next year I'll do it again.