 Back on ship, we jumped into the shower to get rid of all the salt and remaining tanning lotion. Even though we got interrupted in the middle of a hot sex act, we kept our hands mostly to ourselves and didn't make any signs that anyone needed some sexual relieve. 

"Crap, I need to piss," said Sara suddenly who was covered in soap head to toe.

"Go ahead, I don't care if Cindy doesn't care," I said and she didn't have to be told twice as a stream of hot pee hit the shower floor. Cindy didn't even give us a warning and went ahead as well. I just chuckled and did the same. 

Once we made sure that our bodies were rinsed well, especially our feet, we all got out and noticed that it would soon be time for our dinner. It was a formal event because I booked a chef's table dinner for 7 o'clock and it was 5:30 already. 

I took my time getting a purple dress up shirt put on along with black slacks while the girls were putting on yet another new outfit which I am sure I paid for. While waiting, I looked up the reviews for the pills Dan bought for me and I was excited with the prospect of increasing the women's sexual levels even higher.

It was almost 6:30 when they finally came out and I could easily get used to these moments. I started looking at their feet first and noticed that Cindy must have been wearing Sara's black heels with Sara wearing a pair of white heels that were the tallest ones yet. They must have raised her at least 6 and a half inches if not 7.

Cindy was the one wearing black stockings this time and they had a very elegant design on them that made them look Asian I guess while Sara was wearing white silk stockings that were plain but were slightly opaque showing off just enough of her sexy tanned legs underneath. 

Both wore party dresses that took my breath away. Sara's dress was tight and form fitting with a white lace corset looking material drawing more attention towards her slim figure and her cleavage that was just covered up barely above her nipples. The corset piece must have allowed the dress to stay in place holding up her tits as there were no straps in sight. 

That outfit would have definitely been impossible for Cindy so her all black dress was held up with a thick strap around her neck. The strap was attached to two divided pieces of cloth that individually covered up her tits. 

What she was covered up from the top (compared to a push up type dress such as Sara's) the gap in the material between her tits was so wide that the inner quarters of each breast for clearly exposed. To add to the sexiness of the split, it went down to right below her belly button that had a diamond stud piercing it. 

With me still trying to catch my breath, she spun around and there was very little material above her mini skirt waistline. I almost couldn't decide if her front or back was sexier as I caught a glimpse of the top edge of her stockings peeking through the hem of the dress. I was up to boner number eight or nine for the day at that point I believe. 

I knew they wouldn't mind but I also wanted to be a bit sneaky so I emptied the contents of the pills that Dan bought for me earlier that day in a cocktail that I had ordered from room service. I was afraid it might water down too much so I put two pills in each one of our drinks. We said a toast, gulped down the majority of our drinks and went on our way.

We were greeted by a butler in front of a conference room that served as tonight's dining room. Inside was a large rectangular oak table with 8 seats around it. We were the first ones to arrive and our butler/server Ivan was barely able to remain cool as he kept staring at the two girls. He even stuttered with his Russian accent when he offered us a drink. We all accepted a glass of champagne and he stepped out of the room. 

Shortly after, an elderly couple probably in their early 70s arrived. Then another younger couple arrived and by younger I mean the female was around 35 and the male in his late forties. 'What a stud' I thought to myself since the Brazilian woman, who turned out to be his newly wedded wife, was a stunning woman to look at despite some excessive curves. Her shiny bronze skin was glistening with some glittery moisturizer that smelled heavenly. 

While a bit more modest than my dates, she still wore an exquisite short white summer dress and wedge heels which accentuated her strong legs. She definitely had some extra meat on her bones especially around her hips which would make any ass man drool. I put more of my brief focus on her tanned legs and cleavage before she sat down.

We all introduced each other and we were finally joined by chef Mueller from Austria. He was cracking jokes from the beginning and with all of us enjoying a glass of champagne the atmosphere was light hearted. With Cindy sitting to my right and Sara to my left, the chef and other males did their best to keep their eyes off of them including the older guy. 

Problem for chef Mueller was that he was sitting next to Cindy and that poor guy just couldn't help it. Every five seconds or so, even in mid-sentence, he would stare at her chest from the side possibly hoping to get a glance of her right nipple. And Cindy, of course, was loving the attention.

I was busy rubbing both girls' legs underneath the table and I could sense goose bumps first on Sara and then on Cindy's skin. When I looked up the reviews for the pills, most women raved about the tingling skin effect followed by uncontrollable desires and multi-orgasmic love making. The increase in their level of lust was made clear when both their hands landed on my crotch at the same time. 

At this point, boner number 10 or 11 for the day was way on its way. After a lot of explanation about the kitchen's work, its staff and where the food comes from, we were led to the main kitchen. The elderly couple went first followed by the Brazilian honeymooners and us.

Cindy picked up a conversation with Gabriela, the Brazilian guest. 

"I love how your skin glistens. What do you use?" she asked her.

"Well thank you. Carlos got it for me at the salon on the ship," she said with a very heavy but sexy accent.

"I love your dress. Very naughty," she added pointing at Cindy's dress. "I also like yours," she said looking back at Sara.

"If Annie doesn't work out this week, this one would be ok too," Sara whispered seductively into my ear referring to Gabriela as a potential love pet alternate. I knew she was joking but I still couldn't believe she would even go there.

All of us had a great time tasting different things and Carlos and Gabriela even volunteered to mix the ingredients for our dessert which was some chocolate mousse creation. When Gabriela was shaking her arm while mixing, it became clear this woman wasn't wearing a bra, catching the attention of all the men within eye sight.

We soon went back to the dining room and dinner was served. We got to taste different wines and whenever I had a chance, I got my hands under the table to keep teasing the girls and clearly myself. The effect of the mixture of the liquor and whatever I drugged them with became very apparent. Sara was biting her lip, Cindy rolling her eyes and I was only barely brushing the side of my hand against their thongs.

We were completely stuffed when the clock read nine. We said our goodbyes and Sara made sure to invite Gabriela to hot yoga the next day after having learned that they both raved about it. As we excited, we saw Annie stand in line for her late dinner reservation. 

"Where is Ben?" asked Cindy.

It was then when we saw that Annie had a rather sad or mad look in her face. 

"He's puking his guts out again in our room. He just doesn't know how to stop drinking and the motion of the ship last night and again this evening caused instant nausea," she explained.

"But he seemed fine last night," said Sara.

"He was sober until we started playing the card game at the bar. You guys saw him drink 4 or 5 cocktails and he even stayed after you guys had left and had another few drinks. By the time we got to the room, he was completely sick. That much for trying some of those positions we learned about last night," she said angrily.

"So you are going to have dinner by yourself?" I asked.

"I'm starving. I don't really have a choice. The cafeteria food doesn't sound good at all." 

"Do you guys want to give her company?" I asked turning to the two girls.

They both agreed.

Problem was that when we asked if all three of us could join her, the hostess told us that there was no room around the table. I almost started an argument when I just realized that there was nothing she could do. It was then when Ivan our server walked by scanning the three sets of female babes behind me.

"Ivan, my friend. We have a little dilemma here. Can you do me a favor and ask the chef if it would be ok to have a meal be brought to the conference room before you guys clean it completely?"

It was a long shot but I thought knowing that chef Mueller virtually fell in love with Cindy's tits, he might find any excuse to come back and help out. Ivan said he'd try and after about three minutes, he came back with a smiling Mueller in tow. 

"I would gladly help you and your three companions. You are an honored guest on this ship and your pleasure is our business," said the chef. The way he said the pleasure part sounded a bit funny to me and I knew he wanted to partake in that pleasure.

"Ma'am, look over the menu and make your selections and Ivan will make sure it will be taken care of," he said to the server.

"I feel so underdressed," announced Annie. "You are all wearing these hot outfits and I am wearing jeans and a shirt."

While she was definitely not wearing anything fancy, her tight jeans and even tighter shirt showed enough off her hot body.

"You are fine," said Cindy.

"Do you have anything quick to put on?" Sara asked.

"I think I have something that would make me fit right in," replied the Asian. "Ivan said it will be about 20 minutes for the food to come out, I might even have enough time to do my hair."

"Let me come with and help. I am really good at fixing up hair," replied Sara which reminded me of her story when she did the hair for a bunch of hot bridesmaids last year.

"Let's go," said Annie and that left Cindy and I alone.

"I think she likes Annie," said the blonde referring to our third wheel. 

"You jealous?" I teased.

"Hell no. She is sexy and other girls have come into the picture before without any issues. To clarify, when we were dating our dudes we had no interest in each other," she explained.

My dick was throbbing again as I started picturing them in an all-woman sex party. I just came ten hours prior and my level of horniness felt like I haven't had any action in days. Whatever was in those pills was definitely working and made me wonder how long it would last for me and the women. 

I remembered reading something about the zenith being reached within an hour which had well passed so I was afraid that I might be missing the boat. I still had a few more pills in my pocket for both the women and me so I tried to think of a way to give us all another dose. Taking mine was easy as I just turned away from the blonde for a second and washed it down with my drink.

"Anything else I can get for you?" Ivan asked as he walked in.

"No thank you Ivan. Would you mind actually closing the door behind me and just leave us alone until the food is ready?" I asked.

"Sure, no problem," he said and had a slight grim on his face as he closed the door.

"I like where this is going," teased Cindy as she was squeezing her tits underneath the black material. "I am so fucking horny. My clit has been tingling since we got here. Every time you touched me, I got goose bumps all over and my pussy hasn't stayed dry yet."

"So you are telling me you are wet and ready to go right now?" I asked.

"Yes sir," she said and jumped on the table, laid on her back and threw her legs in the air with her wet crotch right in front of me.

"What are you waiting for? Shove that big cock inside me already."

I didn't have to be told twice. Pulling her black thong aside, I unbuttoned my pants, pulled out my raging member already entirely covered in my precum and I went straight for her cervix which immediately caused her to moan in pleasure. She felt amazing and based on her facial expression I think she was in heaven as well. 

I attributed the heightened sensation to whatever drugs were pumping through our bodies and knew that I never wanted to have sex without it again. 

I couldn't decide if my hands would be more fired up playing with her tits or stroking her stockings but since she was busy pinching her own nipples, I settled one hand on her thigh while the other started rubbing her clit. I only fucked her that way for a minute or two when she was close.

"Wow, holy crap. What the f..., I'm cumming," screamed Cindy who muffled her scream by putting her arm over her face. I just held onto her calves lifting her slightly off the table as I kept deep drilling her delicious cunt.

"I'm still cumming, what in the world..." Cindy kept going. Her orgasm ended up lasting at least twenty seconds and she was shaking uncontrollably throughout. I pulled out my soaked pipe and set her back down on the table. 

"This was fucking amazing. And I am still feeling something." She said and as I looked down, I saw her muscles all around her labia contracting. I hate to admit that I myself was close to exploding right before I pulled out. That pill definitely overstimulated my senses and I was wondering if I could get used to that. I still wasn't convinced it would stay in my system for the next few hours when I hoped to have fun with all three of them.

Now that she finally calmed down and me touching her stocking clad legs didn't make her jump anymore she offered "I think my pussy is too sensitive right now. You want to fuck my mouth instead? And don't tell me you want to wait till the other girls are around."

"Lie on your stomach and face me," I ordered in response.

She was still weak in her knees as she got on all fours first, briefly showing her bare tits as her dress hung a bit low and then she brought her head forward holding onto the edge of the table and looking straight at my cock. 

"Like this?" she asked.

"Almost, let's have your tits hang off the table and grab your heels," I replied.

I undid her strap and exposed her bare tits while pulling her towards me. She put her hands behind her and grabbed the 6 inches of each heel. 

I kneeled down and looked straight into her eyes from only about a foot away. 

"Don't let go of those heels until you are done drinking my cum," I ordered her.

"Bring it on Don."

I got back on my feet, grabbed the bottom of her throat to bring her head to the right height since my cock was a couple of inches too high for her mouth. She arched her back and pulled on the heels a bit more so her entire body was nicely bent backwards. Before a drip of precum fell to the ground, Cindy caught it with her tongue and off we went. 

I still had my hand on her neck when I drilled her throat feeling the head of my cock pushing against my fingers. She gagged immediately but was definitely in control of her reflexes. With my other hand, I caressed her naked back and tried to slide my hands down the bottom of her dress but it was way too tight. Instead, I pulled up the bottom of her dress exposing the top of her gartered stockings and her sexy thong. 

I just held onto her right ass cheek as I rammed my cock further down her throat. The wet, hot and tight sensation of her throat felt incredible. This girl was a pro at this and had no issue taking a 7th inch down her gullet. 

I took my eyes off her bottom half and tried to get a gauge of her limit by looking at her face and was surprised to see a small puddle of saliva collecting on the hardwood floor. Whatever was left of her dark red lipstick was now smeared around her lips and my dick. 

She rolled up her tear filled eyes trying to look at me and I think it was the increased swelling of my member that caused her to struggle more all of the sudden. I think we were hitting her limit and I knew for sure we were hitting mine. 

"Arghhh, don't let go of those heels baby. I am sooo close. Don't let go," I said as I finished my last few throat strokes before hosing down her esophagus. The pill enhanced sensation was so strong that it almost seemed that I could feel each of the however many hundreds of millions of sperms racing to the finish line which in this case was her stomach. I felt a burning sensation as the beginning of the stream shoot through the tip of my dick. 

I think my thickness combined with the amount of cum spurting out was too much for her to handle. She kept holding onto the heels but was contorting her body as if she was trying to aim my cum into a different direction than down her throat. She coughed as the second stream made its way and at this point she had her eyes shut forcefully with more tears appearing. 

I had a couple much smaller shots escape my body as I almost matched the amount of shuddering that Cindy had experienced minutes earlier. While she swallowed all my fluids like a champion, the puddle of saliva tripled in size during my orgasm.

I finally pulled out of her mouth and with my dick still stiff, it quickly sprung up and hit her in the eye. I felt so bad for her. She looked like such a mess and as soon as she could, she took a few deep breaths which were interrupted by painful sounding coughs. 

She still hadn't said a word since I started violating her face and when she finally let go over her heels and composed herself, she gave my dick a kiss and said: "That was fucking hot."

I couldn't believe what I heard but was more than glad she was ok.

"I was afraid you were going to slap me after all that," I responded.

"Don't get me wrong, I had to swallow my own puke towards the end of that one but at least you had my throat completely shut so it couldn't go anywhere. But this was the first time I did the whole holding my heels thing and I just loved being at a man's mercy," she confessed.

"Hey, that works for me. That was the hottest BJ I ever received. Whenever you want to do it again, I will be there. Just imagine we do that with my balls actually filled."

"Don't get carried away stud. I am not sure if I would be brave enough to do that again. You definitely hit my limit," she said. "How in the world is he still hard?" she asked looking at my cock.

"Uhm, I think the vision of what just happened is still in the forefront of my mind," I lied knowing very well that whatever the active ingredients of those pills were must be avoiding me to go flaccid. 

I used my napkin to wipe myself clean as Cindy started climbing off the table and got herself cleaned up. She had to scrub her face hard to get rid of the smeared makeup that covered her face. I got another napkin and wetted it with some water and helped her out a little. 

"Thank you babe. How do I look?" she asked.

"Hmm, fine. You definitely need some new makeup though." I said as I tried to not pay too much attention to her red eyes.

"I have the makeup in my purse," she said as she walked up to the mirror that covered the opposite wall from us.

It took her a while to fix herself up again but once she was done, she looked like new except for her eyes which will probably take a while to get back to normal. I used the time to clean the saliva off the floor and get 4 more pills ready for the girls. I figured I would double up Annie's dose so she can get caught up with the other two so I made sure that I selected the right wine glasses that Ivan filled up prior. I popped the pills open and distributed the white powder into the glasses.
