 Tuesday. With a hot Asian in the picture, things get more complicated

I don't remember falling asleep but when I woke up I learned that it was the ladies' turn to serve me breakfast. Both were wide awake and in best spirits when I looked at the clock which read 9:10. Breakfast was delicious especially since I didn't have to do anything for it and I was literally fed by Sara who was bubblier than I have seen her yet.

"Why the excitement?" I asked.

"Nothing specific. I've just had a great time with my best girlfriend and you and with a day at sea today, who knows what else we can come up with," hinted Sara.

We took our time with breakfast and the next thing I noticed that it was shortly after 11 am and with no plans in place, I grabbed the remote and turned on the channel that had today's ship activities listed. With most events sounding boring, there was mention of couple massages being 40% off, a dance-off at the pool in about 1 hour, a matinee movie playing in the theatre and different instructor led fitness classes including hot yoga, hip-hop cardio and core strengthening. 

"How about I treat you guys to a massage in the salon?" I offered.

"Someone feels like he owes us," said Sara.

"Well, he does after yesterday," chimed in Cindy.

"So you guys accept my offer?" I wondered.

"Don't think that will bring us even?" responded Cindy laughing.

"I know I will need a couple more BJs and other services to pay off the shopping debt," I countered.

"Well, maybe I just need to start having my woman start taking care of me again if this is running too expensive," said Cindy as she grabbed my crotch before walking over and giving a kiss on Sara's lip on her way to using the restroom.

"So, uhm, massage it is? I am still a bit confused," I asked looking at Sara.

"Of course we will accept your generous offer and I am sure we will feel indebted to you later tonight. We have yet to role play in the outfits we bought. Let's just say that you may need to show some signs of illness requiring medical attention or if you keep shooting people in the face with that 8 inch shotgun of yours, we might have to call the police," teased the brunette.

"I see what I can do," I responded jokingly.

I picked up the phone to call up the salon and they happened to have an opening in about 45 minutes. The girls decided to check out the shops before they headed to their massages leaving me alone in the suite.

With complete silence allowing me to think clearly I thought of the camera so I pulled it out and figured I should probably back up the files onto my laptop especially if any one of them has second thoughts and starts deleting them. At first I didn't know how to go about connecting the two but I was pleasantly surprised that David had synced the two via Wi-Fi when I asked him to put a few movies on my laptop.

While starting the transfer process was easy, waiting for the transfer to complete would require some patience. It turns out that we had accumulated over 60 gigabytes which meant the memory card was nearly full. I remember there being three more cards in the bag so I should have no problems getting the whole week's activities recorded and backed up.

Once the first files were saved I started checking out some of the pictures. While a few were blurry, the high end quality of the camera was clear to me with most shots being crisp and very detailed. Zooming in on Sara's dark round nipple, I was blown away by how it clear the little wrinkles were in the picture. I started to get aroused again and knew that I needed to give my body a break if I wanted to keep this performance up all week.

With the girls probably enjoying themselves with the massage I decided to shoot some hoops on the top deck. With no one in sight, I grabbed one of the balls out of the bin and started shooting around. Having my self-confidence built by the girls the past couple of days definitely helped out my confidence in my shot as I made far more baskets than missing them. 

Despite my deepest sexual desires having been satisfied recently, I kept getting distracted by some of the women that were jogging on the track. While some of them were trying to shed a few extra pounds, a few were definitely succeeding to keep themselves in great shape. To make matters worse for my attention level on the basketball hoop, a new babe walked on the track stretching her legs by putting them up against the railing one after another. 

I only saw the back of her white sports bra leaving the rest of her back naked and the short running shorts did a poor job keeping her entire ass covered. She nearly had each leg at a 180 degree angle clearly showing her flexibility off to those around her. Even though she was quite the distance away, it was clear that I was laying my eyes on another ten on the babe scale and if I was to guess I figured she was of Asian descent. Once she was all stretched out she started jogging the opposite direction quickly disappearing behind the structure across from me.

Putting back my focus on the hoop, I tried to forget what I just lusted over. I actually managed to let her jog by me without turning my head which was much more self-controlled than all the men that were sun bathing next to the track. After a few more minutes, I felt a tap on my shoulder.

"Hey, I didn't catch your name the last time."

I turned around and was surprised to see Annie standing in front of me. She looked much hotter in her white sports bra and tight grey running shorts that outside a ship would not count for more than bedroom attire.

"Don," I said without being too flattered by her presence.

"Well it's nice to meet you officially. Where is your sexy entourage?"

"They are getting a massage. Where is your better half?"

"Still hung over from last night. We went to the casino and he had a drink or three too many. And the motion of the ocean isn't helping the cause if you know what I mean." 

"I see. I have to say, you are in great shape. You know you are driving all these men wild," I said nodding in the direction of the deck where mostly men were chilling. 

"What about you?" she asked.

"Excuse me?"

"Am I driving you wild?" she continued probing.

"Ha, you are really pushing the subject, aren't you?"

"Why are you avoiding the question?"

"I am not, let me just say that any heterosexual men should go wild when looking at you, especially in this outfit," I admitted.

"Oh, thank you," she responded and put her right hand on my left arm that was holding the ball.

"Care for a few shots?" I said handing her the basketball.

"Hmm, I saw you are pretty good but why don't we come up with a challenge to make things interesting?"

"What, like a game of P.I.G?" I wondered.

"Let's change it to H.O.T." since two hot contestants are playing.

"So you think I am hot too?" I probed.

"You are not that bad," she smiled. I gave her a fake frown and she quickly put her hand on my face, looked me straight in the eyes and said "Don, you are one hot stud. Feeling good about yourself now?" she said with a sarcastic tone so I wasn't sure if she was joking or not.

"Yes ma'am. Ladies first," I said and took a few steps back getting ready to rebound her miss.

She stepped to the free throw line and shot a simple jumper. Nothing but net.

"Nice shot," I said

"Thank you," she said while looking over her shoulders.

I grabbed the ball and lined up getting ready to shoot. As I looked up, I saw Annie with her legs spread shoulder wide and leaning forward to stretch her calves I guess. Her ass seemed tighter than that of Cindy and Sara's if that was even possible.

"Really? Couldn't you wait till I was done with my shot," I protested.

"I don't know what you are talking about," she responded as she leaned even further down and rubbed the back of her thighs and calves.

I just chuckled and tried to play it cool, my shot, however, fell short. 

"H, H for horny," yelled out Annie making me wonder where her mind was headed.

Being as competitive as I am, I was actually ticked off at her tactics a little. She took the ball and shot a 15 footer from the corner which also went straight through the net. I didn't say anything and tried to get my shot off before she found another way to contort her body in her favor. My shot also went in.

Her next shot was a three pointer which she missed. I tried shooting from the same position with the same result.

"You can't beat this," said Annie as she slapped her butt.

She stood with her back to the basket, leaned backwards far enough to aim for her next shot upside down which was yet another sexy view that simply threw me off again. Her tanned tight abs stretched and showing some signs of sweat could have easily been featured in a fitness magazine. Up went the shot and the ball hit the backboard, rolled around the rim once and fell through the bottom of the net.

"Good luck," she said as she handed me the ball. I got into position as I tried to look over my head when I saw Annie's running shoe pressed against the post of the hoop. She had her legs split stretching it just at the right moment. 

I could actually feel my cock twitch as I went up for the shot completely missing the target.

O, O for...oh no this isn't happening," she said clearly not having been able to come up with something cleverer.

I was able to get her an 'H' before it was her turn again. She stood about 10 feet from the hoop when she grabbed her ankle and to put her leg near her chest while throwing up the ball with her opposite hand. The ball rattled in and I just looked at her puzzled.

"All you need to do is hold onto your ankle and bend your legs as far as you can while you shoot," instructed Annie.

I tried for about five seconds to get to some sort of balanced posture with my leg spread slightly. Before I knew it I chucked up the ball missing badly.

"T, as in you just got beat by some tight titties," Annie laughed.

I got beat by a 5'5" not more than 90 pound Asian bombshell and even though I knew that she played me, I couldn't believe I didn't make the shots I had to.

"Good game," I said reluctantly. 

"Thank you. Let's get a refreshing drink," she suggested.

We went to the pool bar and were greeted by a very flamboyant bartender. "Hi sir, what can I get you and your lovely lady?"

"Too early for an alcoholic beverage?" I asked looking at Annie.

"I won't tell if you don't," she joked

"Why don't you make us some more volcanoes?" I suggested.

"That's what got Ben in trouble but they are definitely worth enjoying again," which must have meant that her boyfriend's name was Ben.

We grabbed our drinks and sat down at the bar conversing for a while before Annie couldn't hold back her curiosity: "So have you fucked both of them?" 

I almost spit up my drink.

"Uhm. Yes, yes I have if you really want to know."

"Who do you like better? Let me guess. The blonde because of her huge tits. No, wait, you like the slender figure of the brunette," she concluded.

As if I was talking to my best friend about my relationships I admitted "I really like Sara. It's not just her physical attributes"

"Rrrright," said Annie jokingly.

"No really, we are really hitting it off."

"I can see that. You don't seem to be the shallow guy next door," she said.

"Well thank you. I think have my priorities and morals straight but I am not sure if my head is still screwed on right after the past few days"

"Tell me more," she begged as she was using her lips and tongue to play with the straw.

"To be fair to the girls I shouldn't tell or brag about anything that happened behind closed doors," I said.

"Maybe you should leave the doors open the next time so others can see," she joked back. "Maybe I can be your camera woman, haha."

I was having a great time when I realized that the girls would be just about done. Right in the moment, Ben walked up from across the pool area and before he saw us, Annie jumped up.

"Gotta go and take care of my man. Hey, you guys should go to the adult only couples game tonight at the auditorium," she mentioned and ran off trying to avoid Ben from seeing her sharing a drink with another guy.

The two girls and I got out of two different elevators at the same time and based on their ear to ear smiles, they must have had a good time. They both thanked me and we spent a few minutes relaxing on the couch once we got back to the suite. We ended up watching a few reruns of Criminal Minds before we started getting hungry.

Looking over the room service menu, we decided on a few different hearty snacks keeping in mind that we were only four hours away from our dinner reservation. 

Once fed, we had a few more hours to kill before we needed to get ready and since it was a non-formal affair, the girls probably won't need ninety minutes tonight. I switched the channel to the onboard entertainment trying to find a sneaky way to suggest the adult entertainment event.

"Sounds like fun," said Cindy "If you get picked to participate, you two could act as if you guys were a couple.

"

"We'll see," answered Sara.

The girls came out of the bathroom wearing some very elegant summer dresses along with some comfortable looking flat open toe shoes. Sara's outfit was nearly white while Cindy's was a mix between blue and purple colors. 

Both dresses got close to their knees and that is the most their breasts had been covered up aside from them wearing t-shirts. Nonetheless, they looked stunning and will probably still turn a few heads tonight.

I opted for some khaki shorts and bottom up shirt that showed just enough of my newly tanned chest.

"This is from us for you," said Sara and handed me a bottle of cologne that I applied right away. They both came up to me and took a deep breath in while groping me all over acting as if their senses were getting intoxicated by my presence.

Dinner was yet another time of great conversation and a little bit of reminiscing of what had happened so far. Before we knew it, we emptied our second bottle of white wine with our seafood dinner and we quickly became the obnoxious table in the restaurant laughing about anything and everything. We finally got up and tried to draw as little attention as we made our exit. 

We still had 45 minutes to spare before the doors opened for the evening show so we decided to catch some fresh air. We ended up walking around the track a few times with both ladies in my arms and both Sara and Cindy nuzzled into my neck most of the time. Sara excused herself to the bathroom leaving Cindy and me behind on the top deck and once she was gone, Cindy leaned in for a kiss and what followed was passionate two or three minutes of all lips and no tongue kissing. My hands remained in the neutral zone only caressing her cheeks, back and hips even though my erection seemed to grow harder with each second. When we finally broke off, she grabbed me by my hand and pulled me down the stairs. I really wasn't sure what that was all about.

We were one of the first ones to show up for the show so we ended up sitting in the front row. The room filled up fairly quickly and I tried to keep my eyes open for Annie. She finally walked in hand in hand with Ben who looked like he got over his hangover and sea sickness. Since there still a few seats free next to us, she pulled Ben towards our direction. 

"Hey Cindy, hey Sara. Hi Don," she said surprising my two ladies.

It took Cindy a second and Sara another second to remember the Asian babe they seemed to felt threatened by the day before.

"Oh, hi...Annie, right?" Cindy said reaching her hand out to shake hers. Sara was on the opposite side of me and simply waved at hear real quick. "This is Ben. Ben, Don, Cindy and Sara" Ben just waved at all us and I could tell he was briefly checking both girls out. I wondered if he saw any of the stuff that they bought at the store.

Annie ended up sitting next to Cindy and as she got comfortable, I briefly glanced at her shapely legs that got a little more uncovered by her black casual skirt. She was wearing fairly tall white heels that were open toed putting her freshly painted white toe nails at a nice display. 

I think I could sense Sara noticing my stare so I quickly paid to attention to the host that just walked on stage. After telling a few jokes which probably seemed funnier due to the liquor that was still running through our veins, he explained the rules of the game.

"We need three volunteer couples. Then we will separate each couple and ask each one some adulterous questions to see how well the lovebirds truly know each other. So, any volunteers?"

Annie quickly jumped up grabbing Ben's reluctant hand. She skipped up the stairs, quickly introduced herself and her boyfriend and sat won on the chairs that were staged in the back. Now I had a perfect excuse to stare at the beauty that was sitting straight across from me. Her feet were on my eye level and with her legs crossed, she gave the audience quite the view of her upper thighs.

"Anyone else out there?" James the host asked.

Another couple finally got up and based on their overt enthusiasm, you could tell they had a few drinks as well. They were a couple in their fifties. The rest of the audience was too timid to step up. After another round of jokes and attempts to find volunteers he started pointing at different couples with each of them shaking their heads. "What about the lovely blonde and the handsome gentleman?" he asked pointing at me and Cindy.

"Actually, these two are together," said Cindy pointing to her left.

It took us a few more words of encouragement before we made it on stage.

After a few introductions we learned that Annie and Ben had been dating for 3 years, Todd and Marie had been married for 27 years and I made up a story of Sara and I having been together for a year. 

The men were the first ones asked to go back stage. After about ten minutes we came back to an amused audience.

We sat down next to our respective partners and awaited instructions.

"Alright gentlemen, first question. Where did you first kiss? Ben."

"My apartment," answered Ben right away and the audience immediately applauded signaling he got it right.

"What about you Todd?"

Todd thought about it for a while and said at an Italian restaurant. And the disappointing response by the audience meant that he answered differently than his wife.

"Don?"

"On a cruise ship," I answered proudly and the audience gave it away again with their applause.

"Question two. What is your favorite part of her body and what would she say about yours? Don, you go first," instructed the host.

"Can I say her entire body?" I asked seriously.

No, you need to choose one part. I really had to think about it for a while and I didn't want to let her down. I caught a quick glance of Cindy who was seductively stroking her legs and I definitely got the hint.

"Her legs," and Sara cheered giving me a kiss on my cheek.

"What part of yours is her favorite?" asked James.

I was at a loss again. I knew my penis would be my first response but despite this being an adult only show, I don't think she would go that far. I decided to try to get some help from Cindy again who simply looked at her crotch and raised her eye brows"

"Maybe my penis?" I guessed and with that the entire audience gave a near standing ovation especially from the men. Two points for us.

"Todd?"

"I like Marie's bottom" which he got right.

"What about your body part that she so desires?"

He had no clue and simply followed my lead choosing his organ as well which turned out to be the wrong answer.

"Your strong arms babe," Marie enlightened him.

"You are next Ben," instructed James.

"Well, I love her tight ass and I know she can't get enough of my love stick," he said rather cocky. 
