 Going to the gym since my desire and love moved away has been a three times a week event. In our small town there is not much to do. So working out has become a social outing as well as serious exercise. 

Since Sally moved away I have been left pretty much on my own so to speak. I do not consider myself a lesbian however; Sally and I were very close. Sally was also a very active party girl. 

The last time we went out for drinks Sally got us into a group of swingers from Clarion Pa. that was visiting our home town Riverside motel. 

Sally and I were having dinner and drinks in the lounge. We were sitting by the large windows that look down on the river. The sun had gone down so the colored light were on down below the window. It was beautiful to look out on the river at night. Several members of the Clarion party came over to look out the window so conversation between Sally and the group soon become friendly. 

The band came in about nine-thirty and before long Sally and I were dancing with members of the group both men and women. Sally is a very relaxed and open girl. I guess that is why I love her so. She is honest and open to all that care to talk to her. Besides being absolutely beautiful Sally is very sexy in every way. Her walk, talk and dress. I was less inclined to be so willing a joiner at first. But Sally pulled me a long as if I we were joined at the hip. 

Looking over the group I saw the oldest man was close to fifty, short slightly balding with thick dark hair around his head and long at the nap of his neck. He looked solid and strong. The lady that seemed to be with him was taller and slim. Her hair was snow white yet her face and figure was not that of a lady over forty. She had full round breasts that floated freely under her silk blouse. She was obliviously bra-less. Her face was long slim with large deep set eyes and a generous mouth. I would call her very attractive. 

The next couple could have been Mr. and Mrs. USA from any where. He was tall medium build and she was a match. He wore a shirt no tie and matching slacks His wife was wearing a dress that was plan and she wore no jewelry. Both were nice looking but nothing made them stand out in a crowd. But as I watched this man dance with Sally I got the feeling he could give a girl a great time and he had the equipment to do the job right. 

The third coupe were younger only twenty or so was my guess. She was a pretty busty little blonde the shook every thing she had when she danced. Her husband was broad in the shoulders but thin from front to back. Narrow in the hips and the arms dangling from his shirt sleeves were muscular and deeply tanned as a man that worked out side.  
 There was one extra man in the group bring there number to seven. He was well dressed and seem a bit out of place with this group. He was forty plus, handsome, dark haired, gold rimed glasses and willowy he seemed to move with out trying. He moved effortlessly floating across the dance floor rather than moved on feet like the rest of us. 

Sally was dressed in a silky clinging thing that was painted on her tiny figure. Tiny except for her thirty-six D’s. Her blonde hair is cut short and the dark green of her dress matched her eyes. Sally has a thin broad mouth painted dark red and has a quick smile that can make a man drool. The deep “V” neck on the dress showed cleavage and the roundness of her solid breasts. 

I think of myself as a tall handsome girl that can turn a few heads where ever I go. I get my share of the cat calls and love to hear the man mumble as I swing my hips in passing. I have been called beautiful by some and I have made a few weak in the knees after a roll in the hay. 

My name is Honey, I am five ten, with one hundred and fifty perfectly placed pounds. Wide mouthed with dark eyes. I was dressed in a tan suite heels that brought me close to six one. I had on a white blouse that covered my 38’Cs. But my breasts were not the round firm kind like Sally has. No, my breast are pointed and they are not as straight out as they were a few years ago. My legs are long, well shaped and my ass is firm and round. I have been told I have the ass of a black girl. As far as I know there is no black blood in my family tree but I have had a few well hung back man give me a shot of juice in my firm round rear. Yes, I do enjoy anal sex as dose my friend Sally but hell there is little Sally does not enjoy. I do enjoy sex with men but for a lasting relationship I much prefer a softer touch.

As the night passed on we all started to feel the booze dance in our veins. The short slightly balding man was named Fred and he seemed to have picked me as his personal choice for the night. When we danced his head was right between my boobs. I kind of liked the feel of his head there. So I did not mind when he pressed a rather hard erection against my leg. It was very hard and felt thick. The second time he pressed it to my leg I bent down and kissed his bald spot. 

Sally and I moved to the group’s tables. Fred was sitting on my right and the tall well dressed man was on my left. His name was Carl. He was a friend of all and the father of the young man. Carl Junior was newly married and his wife named was Lola. Carl Sr. was soft spoken and when we danced he also found my leg a choice spot to rub his erection. As we moved around the dance floor we found a dark corner for a second and I quickly reached down and grabbed his cock to see just how large it was. I must say I was impressed. 

I observed Sally was also free with her hands and she did not object when the young man Carl Jr. kissed the tops of her glob like breasts.  
 Lola was on one side of Sally and I do believe both girls were feeling one another under the table. During the bands timeout I rested my hand in Fred’s lap. He was a master at opening his fly and allowing me to freely roam around inside his pants. The tall couple the plan ones were arranged so they sat next to Fred’s wife Linda, I saw Linda smile and wiggle one or twice so I thought she was also getting a finger under the table. 

Near Mid-night Sally and I were asked to join the group in a three room setting where all three rooms were joined by open doors. We gladly staggered our way to the rooms. 

This is how it was. The first room was Tom and Pat’s room the plan couple but a very nice couple and very sexy once they were undressed. 

The middle room was Fred and Linda’s and third room was Carl Jr. and his wife Lola’s and Carl Senior. Much to my surprise I saw Carl sr. quickly take his daughter in law into his arms and kiss her. All the while he was fondling her generous breasts. God there is nothing like love among the family members. I do find incest very exciting even though I never had the pleasure of it in my family. Sally however, had two brothers that brought her in to the world of sex and incest.

Fred maneuvered me towards the king size bed in his room. As I allowed him to find my many charms I also saw the others dropping clothing like they were on fire. 

For a few minutes I enjoyed Fred doing wonderful things to me. We were naked in a second and Fred had his bald head between my legs licking me to a frenzy. My long legs were wide apart knees up near my ears. Fred licked and wiggled his tongue across my clitoris while he managed to wiggle a thick rough finger into my ass. I was in heaven; I gave up a climax and flooded Fred’s mouth with my piss like climax. I am one of those women that when we climax it really flows out of us. I only do this when I am really excited and fully aroused. 

Fred quickly licked my juice away. He roiled me over on my belly lifted my hips up and got on his knees behind me. I thought for a minute I was going to get that thick stiff cock in my ass but no so. Fred found my dripping pussy his choice of the day.

From this position I could see into the next room. Sally was on her hands and knees Tom was behind her I could not see if his cock was in her ass or pussy but he was banging the hell out of her. Sally had her mouth tightly pressed to Linda’s pussy sucking and licking her to a climax. Sally always did love two at a time. Two any thing, just so her pussy and mouth were busy at the time. 

Next to them on that king size bed was Carl Jr. and long tall Pat. Pat was on her back and Carl was plowing a few deep furrows in her pussy. Pat was weeping and moaning her joys to the world. Carl Jr. was well up on straight arms above her.  
 Looking down at her pretty face. I could see her ass bouncing up and down like a jack hammer his face was tight with a strained look as if he were trying to hold back a climax well on it’s way to eruption.

I guess I better explain that I am a bit of a voyeur and I do enjoy watching others at play. 

Beyond that group was Carl Sr. and Lola he was standing at the foot of the bed in the third room and Lola was sitting down leaning forward with his handsome cock deep in her mouth. Carl Sr. Had his hands on Lola’s head as if he were giving her the divine rights for the best fucking blow job in town. 

Fred was fired up and was deep in my pussy when I felt him blow his load. It was hot thick and it turned me on so I let go with my second climax of the night. This little bald headed guy was an exciting fuck. I liked the little guy. So I thought I bet he would enjoy it if I sucked the combination of our two cums from his cock. Pulling free of Fred I turned around and pushed him on his back. I bent over him and captured his dripping cock in my mouth. I sucked it in my mouth right up to the hair and balls. Damn I do love to taste a sweet cum covered cock in my mouth. 

Looking again in to the second room I saw that Sally was now sitting across Linda’s face and Sally was giving Tom a well deserved blow job. Carl Jr. was also getting his cock licked and sucked clean by Pat. 

Carl Sr. was yelling that he was fucking cumming and Lola was sucking as hard as she could to get all of his sperm. Except for Linda all of us girls were locked on to a cock and having the time of our lives. 

A few minutes later we all were standing around naked while Tom made drinks. Sally and I jumped in a shower together, Sally was having fun she said, and I admitted I was too. This group had traveled many miles to keep the swinging a private matter and Sally and I just happen to be in the right place at the right time.

Being taller than Sally I let my hands work over her body and I found her still very sensitive to my touch. Sally ran a finger up between my pussy lips and wiggled the tip across my clitoris. I bent down and kissed her full on the mouth. Our tongues met and danced together as we fell into a loving embrace. Sally gave a little wiggle and I knew what she wanted. So I relaxed my hold on her and Sally dropped to her knees as I lifted one leg giving her room to maneuver. Sally pulled my pussy wide open so she could get her tongue into my cunt. I was sure it was still dripping Fred’s cum but Sally went after my clitoris and pussy like a woman starved for love. Which she was not 

I was enjoying her loving licks but was not close to a climax when the shower curtain was pulled back. Lola and Pat were standing there smiling at us.  
 Pat said, “If you two would let us we would love to join you in a little kissing and tender play.” I guess the guys needed time to recoup so Sally said “ Why not” so still dripping wet we made our way to the king size bed. The four of us kissed, fondled and caressed one another for twenty minutes. 

I was on my back with Pat’s pussy positioned above my face when I saw a long hard cock appear above me. I saw heavy hairy balls and a throbbing vein filled with blood on the under side of one very long and lovely cock. I reached up and grabbed that cock. I guided it toward Pats’ tiny ass hole. I did not even know if she liked her ass fucked but what the hell her pussy was mind so who ever it was standing behind her had her ass all to himself. The cock felt a little dry so I rubbed the head along her wet pussy and then pushed it back up to her ass hole. The head disappeared easily into what I guessed was a well fucked ass. 

I licked and sucked on her clitoris as I felt her ass jerk to meet every push of the cock that was running deep into back love hole. . God this was so exciting. Tasting the salty juice from a red hot pussy and watching a wonderful cock going into her ass. I was so hot I started to cum myself. But I was slow compared to Pat she gave me a flood that damn near drown me. The cock above me swelled up and fired a shot heard around the motel. Pat screamed out telling the room and her two lovers to make her cum more. 

Pat collapsed fall off me to one side. The cock pulled from her ass making a swooshing sound. I rolled free of the arms and legs that dangled around me. Sitting up I looked around. Sally was on the floor Carl Sr. was getting his cock sucked by a truly expert at this task. Carl Jr. was behind Sally and he was fully embedded in her rear end. Lola was kneeling beside her husband working a finger deep up his ass. This some how seem to drive the young man to greater powers. He had hold of Sally’s hips pulling her back into him with a force that shook the room. Linda was also involved in this work out. Linda was fingering Carl Sr. ass the same way. 

I had never seen anything like this before A father and son were screwing the same girl and both getting a finger up the ass while doing so. 

Tom and Pat were sitting next to me now and we were all fascinated by this action. Fred was standing off to the side stroking his hard cock. Tom was stroking his cock which had come alive again. Pat was wiggling next to me. I guess her ass and pussy were still feeling the effects of her loving. My own cunt was tingling with a deep seated desire to get its share of the show. 

I was totally surprised by what happened next. Fred stepped over Sally’s back so his cock was pointed at Carl Sr. The older member of that family smiled and opened his mouth wide. Carl sr. was a wiling recipient of Fred’s cock.  
 I had seen guys suck guys before but for some reason this scene was so wild I wanted to do something, anything to join the action. But before I could even run a finger across my clitoris Sally started to shake, Carl Jr. was cumming in her well worn ass, and Carl Sr. was cumming in her mouth, Fred came in Carl Sr.’s mouth. Lola had been masturbating as well as finger fucking her husbands behind. I think she climaxed. Pat must have been feeling the same as I was because she quickly dropped down in front of Tom and sucked his cock till he cum. Everyone was climaxing except for myself and Linda. 

Linda looked over at me and pulled her finger from Carl Sr.’s ass and moved to between my legs darting her tongue into my cunt. I was on fire and came quickly as Linda rammed a finger up me ass. 

Never in my life had I ever seen anything like this. Nine people in a wild sexual dance together as if they were one body. 

It was twenty minutes later after Sally and I had showered for the second time then we started to get dressed. Wet hair and all I thought Sally was the most beautiful girl in the room. I felt happy that she was part of my life. I knew she was about to move out of the country for a while if not forever but I was happy for her and sad for myself. I would miss my Sally and I knew it would not be easy to find a girl to replace her in my life. So here I was sweating and working out to pass the time and get rid of some of these feeling. But how can one get past the feeling of loneliness if one can not stop thinking of things like that special night.





II

It was two days later that I received a phone call. It was Pat from Clarion Pa. She informed me that she and her husband were on the way west for a short vacation and if I would like they wanted to stop by for a evening. I thought about it and told Pat I would be happy to have them visit me. I gave her my address and said I had lots of room for then to spend the night. 

Pat called on Monday night, this was Wednesday and I was in the Gym working out. Visions of the last party were in my head and I could not get them out. So I worked out hard getting a good heart rate and sweating my ass off. 

I was sitting on a rowing machine when one of the male instructors walked by stopping to talk to another girl just a few feet away. As he talked I was fully aware that his cock was growing to a nice full erection. Spandex does nothing to hide such a whopper. I felt he was not trying to hide it but wanted the girl to see what he had to offer her. I had not seen her here before but she did look some what familiar.  
 She was tall like me, slim with generous round tits, a small waist and an ass that reminded me of Sally. God I missed that girl. I would have to E-mail her tonight and tell her about the forth coming meeting with Pat and Tom. Oh; yes Pat did say there may also be another guest. She did not elaborate and I did not ask. 

The girl did not seem interested in the instructor and his prominent erection. I however, started to remember how exciting it was to have the close up of Tom’s cock going into his wife’s ass and my mouth on her pussy. I had not sucked a cock or licked a pussy since that last night out with Sally. That was over six weeks ago. I was very needy and horny besides. 

I had been in the gym longer than ever before and was ready for the showers. The ladies showers are partitioned off with polished stainless steel walls. They are so polished that you can see yourself in them. Almost like a mirror. The walls are up off the floor by more than a foot and the tops were only about five feet high. 

I was once again seeing visions in my mind as I let the warm water beat down on my body. I was off some where in dream land when I head a voice. “Hi, for give me if I am wrong, but aren’t you Honey Dewall?” 

I jump back from my dream and opened my eyes. There a shower stall away was the lady I saw in the gym talking got the instructor. I blinked the water out of my eyes and looked at her. She was tall like me, short dark hair, and a wide mouth smiling eyes of blue and yes she was very pretty, with a sexy look about her that I was sure made the men look twice. I knew that sexy look for my dear Friend Sally had it and she drove men wild. 

“Yes I am do I know you? You do look familiar.” I said looking at her face with a hint of desire in my voice, my eye and in my grown. 

She said her name was Marissa O’Day and she had gone to FSU at the same time I did. She said she had tried out for the girl’s basketball team but after just five day she hurt her ankle and never made the team. It came back to me then and I did remember her. I also remember the first time I saw her naked in the school showers. I wanted to touch her then and I did so now too. How could I have forgotten her, well it has been fifteen years. If I had not been in a steel enclosure I would have taken her into my arms and given her a warm welcome. God I was so horny. I thought give it a timeout Homey, you are just too horny. 

We stepped out and taking up large towels we made our way to the lockers. I have a permanent locker while she had one down on the side wall used for first time visitors. I watched as she moved away lifting the towel to rub her short curls. She had a strong back and a firm behind that was wide and very sexy. Her small waist set off her hips. I shivered as I though how nice it would be to hold her in my arms.  
 I took my time about toweling off I let Marissa get a good look at me also. It was as if we both were showing off for one another. She said she made every game and loved to watch me move around the court. As I pulled on my sweater I asked Marissa if she would like to have coffee with me in a near by hotel lounge. It pleased me when she accepted my offer.
