 It was the morning sun that woke me up probably only five hours after falling asleep. The girls were still asleep and my head was pounding a bit telling me that the champagne might have not been the best idea. I decided to put on some clothes and get some coffee and breakfast. Stepping out into the sun definitely didn't make my headache any better. But the events from last night molded a permanent smile on my face as I walked by the busy morning crowd. My only hope was that once Cindy and Sara woke up sober they wouldn't regret what had happened. I grabbed some bagels, coffee and orange juice and just realized that I couldn't carry enough with me. I didn't want to have to go through the whole room service route and the wait that comes with it but knew that my presidential suite status should allow me for some favors. So I showed my suite key card to the café manager and he agreed to have some freshly cooked scrambled eggs and other items delivered to the suite right away. 

When I returned to the room, Cindy had already gotten out of bed and seemed to be frantically looking for something to cover herself up with. I knew she could have not possibly forgotten what happened a few hours ago so after I placed the tray on the counter, I walked up to her and gave her a kiss on the lips. At first I don't think she knew how to react but then she reached up and ran her hands through my hair again and increased the passion of that kiss to near the level from the night before. In response, my dick immediately got back to attention again and I could actually feel a slight ache throbbing through him after the endless erection I had recently experienced. She just smiled at me and padded by crotch as if she is telling him that he needed to simmer down.

We found a robe for both Cindy and Sara before room service arrived. When he saw the two pairs of heels, dresses and the babes that accompanied the scene he gave me the thumbs up type of look before he walked out the door. All three of us ate as if there was no meal to come for days and despite a bit of awkwardness at first, we were actually able to talk about last night's event in detail.

"You have the nicest cock I have ever tasted, sucked, or laid my eyes on," proclaimed Sara. 

"You aren't that bad with that dick of yours," added Cindy.

"Not that bad, huh? I think you should give me another shot to make you sound more convincing the day after," I said with a smile and all three of just laughed.

"So what's on the agenda today?" asked Sara.

"We just arrived in St. Thomas. They have snorkeling excursions that sound like a lot of fun," was my suggestion.

And so after breakfast the girls left to get their snorkeling attire on while I did the same. I called the excursion desk to make sure they could find us a guide last minute and I am sure it was the fact that I was the suite guest that triggered the representative to get a customer service manager to spring into action and make some calls for us right away. It took about twenty minutes to get a confirmation which was just perfect timing as the girls returned. I was just going to let them in and turn around to grab my stuff when I nearly froze in time and place when my eyes landed on yet another breathtaking sight of these two creatures of perfection. Staying with the red and black themes, Cindy was wearing a triangle bikini top with a jean mini, no, micro skirt and Sara was wearing a black under cup bikini and a pair of cut off jean shorts that pretty much had no leg part to it showing off her entire legs from her hip bones to her sexy feet. Neither pair of tops covered more than what the local laws would require. 

"I told you he'd like it," said Sara as she was pointing at my immediate erection that was easily showing through my surfer shorts. 

"I like your outfit too, said Cindy as she caressed my muscular arms that were in full few with me wearing a sleeveless shirt.

I almost forgot the camera before heading out the door which I am sure I would have regretted. 

Once on shore it was time to find our tour guide and again I couldn't help but chuckle at all the heads that Sara and Cindy were turning. With my newfound confidence I grabbed both ladies by their waist and walked alongside towards the waiting area. Feeling both women's hips at the same time made me play the comparison game once again. Sara was just a bit more slender and I could feel her hip bone move smoothly as she took each step. Cindy's hips weren't fat by any means but simply had a bit more muscle and skin to them. As she took each step, I could feel her muscles tighten up which in itself was a huge turn-on. 

Marcus, our tour guide must either not be interested in women or had a hard time seeing as he paid no attention to the pair. He was very businesslike and explained to us that the ride would only take a few minutes. Since I am too tall to sit in between the two girls, I settled on the harbor side with Sara sitting next to me and Cindy on the other side. A few minutes into the ride I placed my hand on Sara's thigh which she didn't object to at all. Her thighs were so smooth and toned that I couldn't decide where to put my hand to rest. I was afraid that Cindy might be jealous but I think she was sincerely interested in the tour guide that she was reading through. Sara placed her hand right on top of mine pulling it closer to her love triangle right as the car came to a stop. 

The beach was beautiful with the white sand and blue waters creating a perfect background for a few photographs. Cindy and Sara were more than willing to model for me as I took a handful of pictures. Marcus was still getting our gear together as Cindy was the first one to pull her bikini triangles to the side allowing me to take some M-rated pictures. Sara soon followed and before too long, I was snapping pictures of 2 completely different yet perfect sets of tits. Even though there was no one around us at the time, I couldn't help but think that these two women wouldn't even care if someone saw them. They put themselves together just in time for Marcus to call us over.

We got the snorkeling gear on and when it was time for both girls to remove their respective bottoms, Marcus finally broke when I caught him and myself staring at a pair of perfect asses that were barely covered by some thin fabric. While the tops were shaped differently, both bottoms were shaped identically by color matching string bikinis.

"You like?" I asked Marcus and he simply hissed "You lucky bastard" with his thick Caribbean accent. 

Before we got into the water, the girls wanted to apply a 2nd coat of sun screen which for some reason they left to themselves. First, Cindy was massaging the lotion into Sara's back and legs before rubbing up her tight buns as well. Aside from having my hands replace Cindy's, just looking at the view was a close second most favorite thing anyone could ask for at that moment. Sara returned the favor and while her hands still had some lotion left decided to help me out as well. She not only rubbed in some of the lotion but actually seemed to start what I could easily consider a deep tissue massage. I couldn't believe how strong her hands were and I think she took advantage of the moment to show off yet another skill of hers. 

"Alright love-birds, you guys can finish that in the cabin tonight," whispered Cindy and off we were into the water.

All of us got quickly acquainted with the equipment and warm water and soon found ourselves in awe while inspecting some breathtaking coral reefs. I remember shaking my head when I saw both girls in front of me using their sexy legs to swim closer to a group of fish. They both kept their legs straight and asses tight and combing that with the breathtaking view of the reef in front of them nearly did take my breath away. 

With the heat on our backs and the lack of sleep the night before kicking in we got exhausted fairly quickly though. Even though I paid for two hours of snorkeling, we called it a day after about an hour and laid on the blankets with all three of us drifting to sleep within minutes. Thankfully Marcus woke us up after about thirty minutes because otherwise we probably would have started to sunburn. So we decided to head back to the ship and as we drove back, we passed by a small shopping center and since I paid for Marcus' four hour service I asked if he could drop us off and wait for about an hour which he was more than ok with. 

We strolled around different stores looking at souvenirs, local foods and the most random items you will only find in tourist areas before we got to a larger clothing store that had a western feel to it. As we entered we quickly noticed that they had a wide arrangement from bathing suits to dresses to club wear and lingerie. While I didn't want to hint too much towards the lingerie section the girls read my mind and led the way. The young man working at the store couldn't keep his eyes off the girls, especially Cindy. I think Sara and I could rob half the store without him noticing as long as Cindy was within that boy's sight. Cindy actually liked the attention and was strategically holding different garments against her body and grabbing a few items from the lower shelves with her back turned towards him. 

"So what do you like?" asked Sara. 

"What do you mean?" I responded confused.

"What do you want us to wear for you? What are you into?"

"Hmm, I like garter belts and thigh highs," I replied.

"Great, that was easy. What else?" asked Sara while getting very amused by the game Cindy was playing as she was now leaning over the cashier counter asking the guy about something we couldn't make out.

"What do you mean, what else?"

"What else do you want me and Cindy to wear? It's going to be a long week if all we have to wear is some thigh highs" she said humorously.

With that, I pointed out a pair of corsets, some schoolgirl outfits and I almost missed the nurse outfits in the back. 

"I would have taken you for the cheerleader type" chimed in Cindy as she returned from her little adventure. 

"We can leave a few fantasies unfulfilled for future endeavors," was my response.

"Speaking of future endeavors, you ruined my formal outfit and Sara's last night with that cum hose of yours," reminded Cindy. "We need some outfits for the two formal dinners and when we go clubbing"

"I only ruined one and you want three new outfits?" I asked. 

"Hey, we deserve it," said Sara in support of Cindy's idea. 

"I got an idea. Leave your card here and let us surprise you," asked Cindy and I quickly obliged but as soon as I stepped out of the store became nervous not knowing how much they were going to spend. There was still doubt that the girls were genuinely interested in me and thoughts went through my mind that either (1) this was all a dream or (2) they are after my money which isn't that abundantly available despite the trip accommodations making it seem like it. 

So with some concern I left the store and waited on the bench that was placed right outside of it. After dismissing mt doubts, I started to feel like a kid that just came out of a candy store with his parents shopping for a ton of candy for me. And despite the ever increasing heat I felt like I was on cloud nine. I took my shirt off to cool off a bit more and took the camera out to take some pictures for David of the people and places around me. I soon saw that there was a girl sitting in the shade in front of the sunglass store and even though I had the perfect pair of women going shopping for me with my money inside, I couldn't help but notice and maybe even lust over the beauty of this Asian girl. Her skin was tanned even more than Sara's and her short white skirt and bikini top made a perfect shot as she had her legs crossed and arms spread on the bench. Despite the distance, I could tell that she was definitely much more petite than I prefer but I was still drawn to check her out. I snapped at least 10 pictures of her before I realized that I might be making it too obvious. 

Someone who seemed to be her boyfriend came out and they started walking towards me. While she was only about 75 feet away from me before, she became more beautiful with every step she got closer. Since I was wearing sun glasses I had no problem locking my eyes on her body as her tits remained in perfect position while kept walking into my direction. Her boyfriend and her exchanged a few words before he walked into the store the girls were finishing their shopping in. And then the Asian sat down next to me.

"Got some good pictures?" she asked.

I tried to play it cool and assumed that she was only asking because I still had the camera out.

"Yeah, it's my friend's camera who was supposed to come with me but due to a family emergency, I ended up coming by myself. So I promised him to get some good pictures," which was a longer answer I had hoped for primarily due to my nervousness.

"That's nice of you. Can I see them?" she asked nonchalantly.

"Uhm, truth is, you might be in some of them," I admitted rather embarrassed.

"I figured. You aren't necessarily working with the smallest tool so you gotta be careful where you point this thing," was her response as she was pointing at the camera that was resting on my crotch. I sensed some flirtation from her and was definitely confused since her boyfriend was nearby. I was also surprised about the fact that she didn't get upset about me taking pictures of her.

I pushed the playback and showed her the pictures. They turned out nicely I must admit and she seemed to agree. As we kept going backwards I forgot what the last pictures I took at the beach and bam, there was a set of tits on the screen.

"Wow" was her reaction and "Crap" mine.

I felt so embarrassed that I turned the camera off immediately. 

"That didn't look like candid shots," she inquired. 

"No, they are my girl.., girls I met on the ship."

At that moment, the two girls came out of the store with more bags in their hands than Julia Roberts carried in Pretty Woman. 

"Cindy, Sara, this is..."

"Annie. Nice to meet you," the Asian responded reaching out her hand to Cindy and I could swear they felt threatened by this babe.

"It was nice meeting you too. Maybe we will see you guys on deck," I said before the three of us took off not even sure if we were traveling on the same cruise.

The girls didn't say anything which supported my theory they might have been a bit jealous. 

"What did you guys end up buying?"

"Just wait and see," responded Cindy.

Back on ship it was just about time to eat and I was afraid that they might get tired of me at some point but my fear was quickly erased when I heard Cindy pick up my cabin phone to make reservations at the sushi restaurant for three guests for a late lunch.

Looking at the bags, they definitely purchased far more than three outfits they threatened me with. While the girls were pouring themselves a cold beverage out of the fridge I saw the receipt hanging out of the bag which read $483.38 which really made me wonder because each outfit I looked at was around $20-$30. 

"You need a shower, you stink," said Sara as she grabbed me by my hand pulling me into the master bathroom. 

"You coming girl?" she added referring to Cindy.

It took a few seconds to figure out how to get all streams going but once I did, I was greeted by a thankful and naked brunette who didn't hesitate to jump into the shower. I had to take a leak first and simply watched Sara as she began to lather her tits and shoulders with some soap. My member quickly sprung to action and I decided I couldn't afford to leave Cindy out of this one. But before I had a chance to step out she ran into me butt naked, with her tits bouncing against my chest. We both giggled as my hard-on poked her stomach at the same time. 

"It's getting lonely in here," teased Sara as her pussy was the next part she was lathering up. 

There we were, three good looking young adults in the shower touching each other all over and washing each other's body parts with a few kisses in between and no one took it to the next level. Aside from the nudity, our shower remained relatively PG-13. My erection didn't go anywhere and somehow I was hoping that one of them would break the ice but that never happened. We dried off and I decided to shave since I didn't get a chance to in the morning. The girls dried off and were rubbing some newly purchased lotion on each other simply not doing me or my hard-on any favor. When Sara paid careful attention to Cindy's tits while she was spreading the lotion for the tenth time over her nipple it became clear to me that they were teasing me. I was ok with that though as long as we had a similar night cap later on which I didn't doubt at that point anymore. They left the bathroom and went through their shopping bags picking out their new outfits. 

When I came out of the bathroom wearing just a towel around my waist, my hard-on nearly pushed the towel off of me. There they were, standing in sports bras and leggings that were tighter than the skin most people wear. They spun around and showed off what turned out to be Lululemon apparel which I guess might have been knock-offs. Both pants were black with a bit of a dark grey stripe around the waist on Sara's pair and a purple one on Cindy's and the sports bras were similar in color. 

"Is this what you normally wear to sushi?" I asked curiously.

"We can stop by our room to pick up some t-shirts and our sneakers but we are definitely planning on going to the gym in a little bit if you care to join us," explained Cindy.

"If you guys go to the gym like that I will have to go with you or I may never see you again," I said jokingly.

We took off and stopped by their cabin which I only briefly glanced inside of. Compared to my suite their room was a little hole in the wall with a bed in it. Somehow that made me feel less guilty for wanting them to stay with me the whole week.

They put on their respective t-shirts and sneakers and then we went to the top floor to eat some sushi. Aside from having had a great time sexually, I couldn't complain about our quality of conversations either. Sushi was enjoyed while discussing what we ultimately wanted in life. Cindy made it pretty clear that while she loves the quick money and work environment of her waitressing job that she wanted to go to law school but hasn't saved enough money up for it yet. She was proud to be debt free and didn't want to even add school loan debt to her portfolio. Despite the high cost of law school her goal was to have enough money saved up within two years. 

Sara seems to be on a fast-track having already received a second promotion within a year. Part of me made me wonder if she simply had to wear a mini-skirt to her performance reviews but the more I listened to her speak the more I realized that her brains matched her physical features. The conversation soon turned to me and while I was trying to joke my way by saying "I want to continue doing well at work so I can keep going on trips like these to run into girls like you," they tried to dig a bit deeper. At 32, I wasn't necessarily too old or too you young to have this figured out but I told honestly told them that I do want to settle down with someone soon.

"I really thought Sara was the love of my life," I explained which caused some confusion on both Sara's and Cindy's faces before I quickly reminded them of my ex-girlfriend. 

"You deserve and will find someone that is right for you," responded Cindy and I wanted to read some kind of reaction from Sara who I started to long for even more.

It was time to pay the bill which I gladly took care of.

"So how soon do you girls want to head to the gym?" I asked.

"I want to wait at least an hour to digest some of this food," suggested Sara.
