 Chapter 5: The Formation of the 8 Team

Everybody was awake and came down to the pool for breakfast, they were ravenous, eating wasn't a high priority yesterday, the coffee was perking away but they all decided a quick swim was in order to get some of the kinks out of their bodies. The third day is when the muscles that haven't been active for a while start to seize up so a few slow laps of the pool were done before they climbed out, it was going to be a lazy day today.

Roger was turning the steak and eggs when Christy edged up to him 

"Roger what can I do, I'm on my last pill and I'll get my period in a few days, I don't want the boys to stop fucking me because of my period." The voice was soft and anxious.

Roger was wondering if the concern was for the boys or herself, probably for the boys she was so naïve and innocent.

"Don't take the red pills and just continue with a new months supply, that way you wont get a period at all and you can fuck all you like and not get pregnant." Said Roger, Christy's face lit up and a smile went from one ear to the other as she hugged Roger, "gee thanks!" she said.

"That's okay" Roger replied "and thanks for last night, I was as horny as hell after watching you lot yesterday."

"We enjoyed it, you taste different from the boys...more yummy" said Christy. 

That cinnamon I've been having in my coffee must be seeping through thought Roger. 

The agenda for the day was being discussed and ideas were being tossed about. Salenna had a suggestion "Yesterday us girls had to wear those vibrators that made us horny and seeing as we are all so buggered today, what about we get you boys hard and put a cock ring on you. Then if us girls want to fuck we wont have to spend time getting your cocks ready, we can call today, GIRLS DAY."

This received claps from the girls and a grudging OK from the boys, they like being sucked, and if they knocked the idea back they may not get to fuck at all today.

Christy reacted first, leaned over and put Craig's cock in her mouth and started sucking it and massaging it with both hands till it was almost at its full size, she stopped and eased a large cock ring over and kept pumping until it stood like a big policeman's truncheon. Christy lay on her back and pushed a large cushion under her arse and spread her legs wide apart, but still comfortable, 

"I want that big black cock inside of me and I want you to fuck me deep and slow till I cum" she ordered Craig, "make it last, I want to have an orgasm that goes forever." Craig grinned and eased his head between Christy's legs and started licking her cunt, as the strokes got longer they took in her clit which was swelling at an alarming rate, nearly as big as her hardened nipples. Christy was feeling that warm glow through her body and it seemed that her nipples and her clit were connected with a direct nerve. Craig pinched her nipples with his free hands the tingle went straight to her clit and with his tongue lapping it as well she was getting an electric shock that went through her whole body.

"Just enjoy the feeling," she told herself "you have all day, make it last, don't cum early." She felt his warm, dark velvet skin, she drank in the musky odor, she felt the muscles bulging around his shoulders, he was MAN personified. Craig could taste the cum dribbling out of her cunt and knew Christy was ready, he pushed himself up on to his knees and wiped his cock head up and down her slit, then with big heave he plunged his cock in till both pubic bones hit one another. Christy let out a scream as his cock went in and almost came, but she stopped herself from cumming by clenching all her muscles and bearing down, the orgasm subsided so she relaxed.

Craig got into a steady rhythm, slow and deep, slow and deep, his cock was rock hard and he kept it up for 15 minutes, sweat was pouring out of him and he needed release. Christy was writhing and clenching her cunt muscles, fighting herself to stop the orgasm surfacing but her mind lost the fight and her body took over, Craig had upped the tempo and his arse was almost a blur as he fucked.

Christy had her eyes screwed shut yet she could see fireworks erupting everywhere, the electric shocks formed into one long lightning strike and the convulsions of her body had turned into fibrillations, all muscles had contracted and her body was arched like a drawn bow then the guttural moans commenced. They seemed to start from deep down in her bowels and echoed from her throat and only ceased when she gasped for air.

Craig could feel and hear Christy's orgasm and it spurred him on even quicker, God he needed to cum but the rubber cock ring was preventing him and so he increased the pace even faster. 

Christy had never felt pain so exquisite and she bit into Craig's shoulder and her nails raked Craig's back, that was the trigger and the cum that had built up like a pressure cooker in his balls surged past the ring not in the normal pulsing release but almost in a steady stream. There must have been half a cup full of semen injected into Christy's cunt and with just a couple of piston strokes the mixture of cums was squirted out on the cushion.

"Thank goodness it was Christy," thought Craig "I would never have had time to pull out if it was the other girls". They both passed into a quiet slumber.

The exhibition that Craig and Christy had just put on made the rest as horny as hell. Salenna got Ray to lay down and put a cushion under his arse then she mounted him, the penetration was deeper and her clit was getting more stimulation this way. Salenna fucked at a steady pace, just like a stroll in the park she was savoring the stimulations she was receiving, she was going to make this last, after all this was GIRLS DAY. 

Ray lay underneath, huge tits whacking his face, the most beautiful girl he had ever seen, fucking him and planting kisses all over his head and face.

"How could such a slender girl grow such huge tits", flitted through his mind, "Jeez she knows how to fuck", was another thought. Salenna was enjoying this and as she glanced around the room she saw Sean with a forlorn puppy dog look on his face, she beckoned him over and put his cock in her mouth, rolling it around like a creamy chocolate.

"Thank Christ for these cock rings, I would have shot by now" thought Sean. Salenna's big eyes looked up at Sean "do you want to fuck me too?" Sean nodded "When Ray's finished I will, if you want to". 

"I meant at the same time, silly" said Salenna "you can fuck me in the arse, that's why I made you all gooey with my mouth". 

Sean moved around the back and there was the most beautiful arse pointing in the air and a brown freckle in the middle. Salenna stopped fucking Ray and pushed her tits into his face as she tried to raise her arse to make it more inviting, her hand grasped Sean's cock and eased it into her asshole, slowly inch by inch till it was all in.

"That's indecent...you idiot! making jokes when Salenna wants you to fuck her." thought Sean.

The boys synchronized their movements and Salenna steadied herself on hands and knees, she let the feelings of ecstasy wash over her, she wanted the feeling to be timeless but her body was already responding to the two cocks inside her. Her relaxed anal sphincter had let the cock go deep and the friction was indescribable. Five minutes was all the body could stand, the moans got deeper and longer, the orgasmic release felt as if she had ruptured her body. The boys pulled out and she lay in a crumpled heap.

Jill was watching and her cum was bubbling out of her cunt and running everywhere, "Do it to me... do it to me...please?"

Both Sean and Ray's cocks were still hard, so they obliged. Jill had never in her eighteen years felt anything so delicious, her body tingled all over as if she had plunged into an icy waterfall, yet it was on fire, and as she craned her neck back to scream the perspiration ran from her face between her tits and melded with Ray's on his chest. 

Sean and Ray's movements were so well choreographed that Jill just stayed stationary and enjoyed herself, all she had to do was to try to stop the impending orgasm so the pleasure would never cease. The orgasm was building and stopping it now was impossible, so Jill had no option but to let it happen, she was a biter as well and her fists pounded the floor as the waves rolled over her. Her ejaculations went on and on as her cunt contracted, and she too was left as a crumpled mess with little sobs escaping between her heaving breath.

The air smelt of sex, the earthy scent from the girls ejaculations, the perspiration and sweat from the bodies, you could almost taste the sexual energy that had been emitted, the background music was playing but nobody seemed to notice and Roger watched in awe. Celeste during all of this had Barry pinned to the carpet, riding him like a rodeo rider, straight back, one hand on his shoulder and the other waving for balance. Barry's huge black cock was working like a piston with a sucking sound on the up stroke and a phutting type sound on the down stroke as air was squeezed out of Celeste's cunt.

She had dispensed with the cock ring on Barry, instead she had rolled on a tickler, it had a spiral ridge running from the base to the tip and finished with a frilly bit at the top. Celeste had trouble getting it on Barry's big cock, so it served the same purpose as the cock ring. The sensation of the tickler and Barry's cock together felt as if she was being licked and fucked at the same time, her eyes flicked open for a second and saw Ray and Sean lying on the carpet their erections still raging. 

Celeste called them over with her finger, Sean was round the back in a flash and easing his rock hard cock into her arse "this is the third arse I've fucked in an hour" he thought to himself, looking up at the ceiling he whispered "thank you God, thank you so much".

Ray was at the front, fucking her mouth. Celeste had never been ravished by three males before and the feeling was delightful, but her orgasms were starting and she seemed to cum forever, body shaking until she was a broken doll "No more...please no more ...I can't fuck any more...stop...PLEASE stop". 

Jill had recovered and was watching, she heard pleas for help from Celeste and rushed to her aid, took hold of Ray's cock and put it in her mouth and began to suck and tongue him. Ray couldn't stand any more either, his cock bulging with blood, the head purple and swollen and he yelled "I've got to cum..." he pulled out of Jill's mouth and ripped the ring off, but before he could get it back into her mouth he shot, cum went everywhere, on her face, on her hair, in her eyes, on her tits, she steadied his cock and guided it into her mouth to finish him off.

Sean had to cum before he blew his balls off, he pulled out and with thumb and forefinger slid the ring off and came all over Celeste's limp body. The cum spurted and spurted, long ropes of cum from her back up to her hair landing in big globs, until all that was left was a slim strand of cum connecting Sean to Celeste.

Almost in a coma Celeste rolled off Barry and the globs of Sean's cum started to liquefy and ran down her body to the floor. Barry's face was in agony, Salenna noticed and crawled over, pulled the tickler off and sucked him off, the expression turned from agony to ecstasy as the cum spewed down her throat, she had been rewarded for her efforts. Barry waited till his cock had stopped convulsing and bent down and with both hands lifted her head up and kissed her passionately

"Thanks Sal, I really needed that".

This idyllic setting went from days to weeks, the girls were on the pill now so the boys could cum wherever they wanted to, the sex was not as urgent as the first days and they made it last longer, just soaking up the pleasure till they needed to cum.

At first all the boys wanted to fuck Salenna, it was only natural, every eighteen year old boy would want to fuck the most beautiful girl that they thought existed. The same went for the girls, they wanted Craig to fuck them, after all he was like an African god with the biggest cock that any man could possess.

But as the days past they found that each had their own special qualities. Barry's cock was only fractionally smaller than Craig's and with their eyes closed the girls could hardly feel the difference, Sean had become a specialist arse fucker and Ray would have a diploma in clit licking, if they gave them out, his tongue was at least an inch longer than the other boys. 

Jill could make a bloke cum in 30 seconds with her mouth, Christy could milk a bloke with her arse and Celeste do the same with her cunt in the equivalent time.

Holidays were coming to an end and they were all fearful of the future without each other. Who were they going to cuddle to go to sleep? Who was going to fuck them when they needed to? Who was going to suck and lick them till they came? The questions were asked and the conclusion was the same. They had to go back to Uni or the convent, their parents would not let them drop out of the education system and if they did what would they do? 

In the past weeks they had built a special bond between themselves and they vowed to come to each others aid if anyone was in trouble, a bit like the musketeers - one for all and all for one - but what to call themselves, the unanimous decision was "The 8 team".

As the boys readied themselves for departure the hugs and kisses were ferociuos the tears flowed, even the boys shed a few, and then they were gone. The girls went upstairs to pack and dress, Roger rang for a cab.

Klop, klop, down the stairs they came with suitcases and dressed in their nuns habits ready for the journey back to the convent. Roger smirked as he watched them come down, then a chortle and at last a huge belly laugh .

"Hands up anyone that has got pants or bras on". Not a hand was raised, the girls looked at each other and started to giggle, none of them had worn those items for 6 weeks, the only clothes they had worn at all were shorts and a halter when shopping, still who would notice under that black cloth. The good-byes, thankyous and kisses went on and on till they piled into the cab and were on their way.

Roger went inside, the house was so quiet that he wondered how he had lived here alone before, well he thought "you had better get busy before the melancholy sets in". 

He went to the rec room and got the tapes so he could edit them, hell there were so many he didn't know where to start, so he just heaped them up and threw them in the editing room. 

That done he got himself a stiff drink, sank into a chair and pondered about the future without the kids around, he was going to miss them. 

During the last few days they had gone through every option available to them to try and stay here and together, so it was not much use Roger going over the same ground.

Roger must have sat thinking for a couple of hours because the scotch bottle was empty and he was pissed, he pushed himself out of the chair and headed up to bed, but in the drunken mist of his mind an idea was forming - better try and see if you can remember what it was tomorrow, he thought.

He stumbled into bed and sleep came easily.

The days went by and each one seemed like a week, towards the end of the first week the phone rang, it was Salenna her tone was frantic,

"Uncle Rog the four of us need to see you and the boys this weekend, it's urgent we can't go on like this, we're all going crazy without sex, we must be addicted. Please organize it so the boys are there when we arrive so we can work out a solution this time".

"Okay, come down Friday night and I'll get in touch with the boys" Roger hung up and dialed Craig.

"What's up dad?" Craig asked.

"The girls want a meeting with you boys, said it's urgent, they're coming Friday night" replied Roger.

"We'll be there with bells on, the boys are moping around as if their dicks had been cut off, we miss the girls badly, see you about 7", Craig hung up and informed the boys.

Friday evening came and both the girls and boys arrived almost together, as they rushed inside they were peeling their clothes off as fast as they could, they needed to hold warm naked bodies of the opposite sex. It was less than 7 days since they had been separated, to them it seemed like months, they welcomed each other like little puppies, crawling over each other wanting affection.

Roger took charge "Okay lets settle and see if we can work something out, you all seem intent on not continuing your studies and want to be together here."

"Yeah!" they all chorused.

"Let's get comfortable and we will put our thinking caps on", said Roger. Naked bodies were going everywhere, some getting drinks, some snacks and others moving cushions about on the floor all eager to nut something out (no pun intended).