 The ten years between the ages of 15 and 25 are difficult for any girl becoming a young woman. Those years were especially difficult for me for several reasons. I am the product of a ‘mixed marriage’. My father is Japanese and my mother Swedish. They met when my mother was a dancer in the Ginza section of Tokyo. My father was, at that time, an up and coming young executive with a large Japanese firm. He knew that his marriage to my mother was the end of his career in Japan so they immigrated to Edmonton, Alberta, Canada. My mother named me Ulla and that name is nearly unpronounceable to people who speak Japanese and my family name was Urogataya and that name is nearly unpronounceable to westerners. I am truly a combination of both cultures. I speak Japanese fluently and have my father’s eyes (grey green) and my mother’s long legs, square shoulders and heart stopping upturned breasts. My hair is jet black and my complexion is perfect. I have my mother’s full lips and rounded bottom. All in all, the combination of their genes seemed to work.

My father and mother divorced when I was 15 years old and my father returned to Japan. The cause of the divorce was a combination of homesickness on my father’s part, the weather in Edmonton and jealousy on the part of my father. My mother is extremely beautiful and when my father’s boss started to flirt with her my father thought that my mother was returning the interest. I stayed in Edmonton with my mother even though I was very close to my father and talked with him at least once a week on the phone. 


That was the year that I began to notice the attention of the boys in my class as well as men on the street. At first I found it embarrassing to be stared at, but as I grew more confident in myself, I began to secretly enjoy the attention. My mother told me that I could not date until I turned 16 and was very strict with me. She told me over and over again that good looks could often be a curse rather than an asset in this world. I complied with her rules because I could tell that her advice was based on her past experiences. She never told me everything about her youth in Japan, but I figured out that she had done things and made mistakes that she regretted.

I met a boy prior to my 16th birthday that kept asking me out. I finally told him to ask me on my birthday and I might say yes. Sure enough the day I turned 16 he was waiting for me on the street on the way home and asked me out. He told me he was 18 and was starting college next fall. I believed him because I wanted to, but when he came to pick me up my mother asked him how old he was and when he answered 18 she laughed and said to him, “I’m sorry but I don’t believe you. I think you are much too old to be dating my daughter and I don’t want you seeing her.” Tom left and my mother and I had the first of a series of fights that basically continued for the next two years. 

From that day on my mother would only allow me to accept dates with my classmates and then only if she knew their families and had talked with them first. I found the situation embarrassing and confining at the time. Today, in retrospect, I love my mother all the more for her protection, but at the time, as I said before, we fought constantly. Inspite of the difficult times my mother and I were having and my rebellious streak, I never allowed any of the boys I dated to do anything more than kiss me. 

After my 18th birthday I flew to Tokyo to live with my father and attend a technical institute that I had been accepted to. My class was made up of 7 girls and 11 guys. I tried to make friends with the girls but it was impossible. I was not accepted by most of the guys either. Because of my mixed heritage I was treated like some sort of an outcast. Only two of the boys were friendly toward me and that was because I had offered to help them with their English studies. I called them Yoshi one and Yoshi two as they both had the same first name.

We would study at Yoshi one’s apartment as both his mother and father worked until quite late. I never met his parents, as I would always leave before they got home. My father also worked long hours and had to entertain associates and clients after work and was often not home until after midnight. Yoshi told me that his mother would usually get home from work around 10 PM but he often only saw his father on weekends because of his long hours.

As the year progressed I developed a crush on Yoshi one and one evening when Yoshi two could not study with us Yoshi one offered to make dinner for me at his apartment after we finished our study session. We had warm sake with the meal and afterwards as well. I began to be suffused with a warm glow and after a few kisses Yoshi asked if he could drink his sake from my navel. In a shaky voice I answered, “Only if I can drink my sake from your navel”. After the second time Yoshi drank sake from my navel I could feel his tongue exploring below my navel down to the top of my hip huggers and I could feel myself getting wetter and wetter with desire. When I drank sake from his navel I could see the bulge in his pants and finally, unable to control myself, I began to rub it through his pants. The next time Yoshi drank sake from my navel he undid my pants and slipped them off my hips. When his hand cupped me from outside my panties I thought I would faint with desire. I told him it was my turn and poured some saki into his navel and after drinking it undid his pants and pushed his underwear out of the way and began to stroke his erect penis with my hand. I then poured warm sake over the head of his penis and took it in my mouth. I had never done more than kiss a boy on the lips prior to this and now I found myself greedily sucking a cock.

Yoshi wasted little time in getting my soaked panties off and when I felt his tongue slide into me I began to bob my head up and down more frantically on his cock. When he stopped me I felt tremendously disappointed as I wanted him to cum in my mouth and I wanted to taste his sperm. When Yoshi kissed me I could taste our combined juices on his tongue and then he began to kiss and fondle my breasts. My nipples were throbbing with desire as he licked and kissed them. Then he kissed me again and I could feel him guiding himself into me. After a few seconds it became obvious that it would take more than a little force to break the remains of my hymen. Yoshi gave me a look of disbelief and then forced himself against me with a continuing pressure that began to become increasingly painful. I was just beginning to say, “Don’t, please stop you’re hurting me” for the second time when I felt a sharp pain and felt him begin to penetrate me more completely. I gasped for air and bit my bottom lip trying to suffer through this total invasion of my body. My eyes were closed as tightly as possible against the pain and I grimaced and gritted my teeth in pain as he continued to penetrate me more deeply. My hands were against his chest trying to push him away and then, finally, he began to withdraw from me. I sighed in relief as he slowly pulled all but the tip out of me, but then in horror I felt him began to once again slide back into me. I pleaded with him, “No, no more, please” but he ignored me and continued to penetrate me even more fully and deeply than before. 

This time when he began to withdraw from me I felt the first inklings of pleasure and began to relax. My hands were still against his chest but I was no longer pushing him away. When just the tip of his penis was in me he stopped and just barely moved the tip back and forth against my now clasping cunt lips. When I finally opened my eyes I was looking up into his smiling face as he concentrated on teasing me into submission. My hands slipped up around his back and then down to the small of his back and then as my eyes widened and continued to stare into his I pulled him down and back into me. This time as he entered me I sighed in relief as the pain was totally replaced with pleasure. After a few more minutes my legs came up and encircled his and I began to feel myself meeting his thrusts. My mouth formed an oval of satisfaction and desire as I began to moan, “Oh, Oh, Oh”. My breathing became more labored as I felt myself beginning to break into a sheen of perspiration. Yoshi seemed to get bigger and harder as he continued to thrust himself into me and then it started. My first orgasm came as a shock to me. I had never felt such pleasure before in my life. As the waves of pleasure washed over me I could feel myself opening up to him and could hear the sucking sound of my clasping lips around him as he thrust into me. When I felt the first ejaculation my fingernails sank into his ass cheeks urging him ever deeper into me. And then, as he began to fill me with his hot sperm, I felt a second orgasm wash over me as he collapsed on top of me. We lay together in a pool of cum and sweat as we slowly caught our breaths'. 

That evening, as I walked home to our apartment, I could feel my super sensitized and swollen pussy lips rubbing against my pants. 

The next time the three of us studied together Yoshi one went out to get some food for the three of us and while he was gone Yoshi two tried to kiss me. I explained to him that I was now Yoshi one’s girl friend but Yoshi two kept saying, “We are all friends aren’t we?”

When I explained that, “Yes, we are all friends, but not that kind of friends”, he relented until Yoshi one returned with the food. Then they had a discussion in the kitchen that I could not hear. When Yoshi one served the food he had warmed up a decanter of sake and we had sake with our meal and then afterwards. When Yoshi one wanted to drink sake from my navel I let him do so in front of Yoshi two so that he would see that we were (Yoshi one and me) more than just friends. After quite a bit of sake I was resting my head on Yoshi one’s lap and while he stroked my forehead and hair when Yoshi two said, “I am out of sake”. 

Yoshi one poured sake into my navel and said to Yoshi two, “Help yourself my friend”. I giggled as Yoshi two drank sake from my navel. While he did so Yoshi one kissed me. As the evening progressed Yoshi one continued to pour sake into my navel for Yoshi two to lick out of my navel while we kissed more and more passionately. I was becoming increasingly turned on and when Yoshi one undid my belt and slipped my jeans down so that Yoshi two could lick me lower and lower I acquiesced. I lay there trembling with anticipation as tongues probed past both my upper and lower lips and they both began to remove my clothing. I could not believe what was happening to me or that I was allowing it and wanting it. I surrendered myself to two mouths and four hands licking, kissing and caressing me. When Yoshi one stood at the end of the couch and dropped his pants I willingly reached out and guided his cock to my mouth. A few minutes later I felt Yoshi two lift my leg onto his shoulder as he guided his penis into me. I looked up questioningly into Yoshi one’s eyes and he smiled back at me and said, “Its OK”, as I surrendered myself totally to both of them. 

As Yoshi two increased the depth of his penetration into me I found myself frantically sucking on Yoshi one’s cock. I was disappointed the first time we made love that Yoshi one did not come in my mouth, but this time, while his best friend’s cock plowed into my recently virginal pussy, I would not be denied and soon I felt him tense and then the first stream of sperm shot into my mouth. I continued to suck and swallow every drop of sperm from his cock that I could as his friend began to cum into my clasping vagina. I could feel myself cumming and wondered for just a fleeting instant which cock it was that took me into the abyss of sexual oblivion.

After that I became their sex toy. Sometimes they would have me kneel in front of them and suck each of their cock’s one suck each as fast I could until they came. Sometimes I would rotated between the two of them, ignoring the most excited Yoshi in order to try and get them to come simultaneously. That took incredible timing and sensitivity to how excited each Yoshi was. I would only succeed in one or two tries out of ten, but the feeling of power it gave me to hold two penises between my thumb and index finger at the entrance to my open mouth and have them both ejaculate simultaneously into my mouth was incredible and a total turn on for me. 

They had to get me very drunk one afternoon before I would agree to allow them to fuck me vaginally and anally at the same time. We used a great deal of lubricant, but after the initial discomfort I became increasingly aroused. I straddled Yoshi one while Yoshi two entered me from behind. Yoshi one had to pull almost completely out of my vagina before Yoshi two could finally enter my anal passage. When Yoshi one slowly reentered me the feeling of being filled by two cocks at once was so incredible, that even though Yoshi one was lying still inside of my vagina while Yoshi two began to fuck my ass, I began to have multiple orgasms. After a while Yoshi one began to withdraw from me when Yoshi two entered me and reenter me when he withdrew. Then gradually the rhythm changed and they both began to withdraw and reenter my anus and vagina at the same time. It felt so wonderful that I began to crave double penetration more than anything when we were together. 

I knew that they were turning me into their willing slut, but I did not care, I craved acceptance by my father’s culture and my classmates and I also began to crave more and more sex. I began to notice the other boys in our class were looking at me differently and the girls became even colder to me. I knew that they had told the others about me and what we did together in Yoshi’s apartment. When Yoshi told me that his parents would be out of town for a week and that he was planning a party for Friday night I was delighted to be included, but soon after I arrived I realized that because I had been invited none of the other girls in our class would come.

I found myself dancing with my 11 male classmates and drinking quite a lot of sake. Later in the evening, perhaps around 10 PM, after I had had way too much sake. I was dancing with Yoshi one in the front and Yoshi two rubbing against my rear as the three of us swayed to the music. When Yoshi two slid his hands under my blouse and cupped my breasts from behind I tried to get him to stop at first, but then he whispered in my ear, “We all think that you have beautiful breasts, not like Japanese girls with little or no breasts. The girls in our class would not come to the party because they know that they cannot compete with you. That is why they don’t like you. Show all of our friends, their boyfriends…” and he began to slide my sweater up and I willingly raised my arms so that he could remove it.

I wanted revenge on all of the girls in our class for how unfriendly they had been to me from the first day and I also wanted acceptance and the admiration of my male classmates. When Yoshi two began to kiss the nape of my neck while Yoshi one kissed my mouth I allowed them to remove my bra as well. I was embarrassed at my behavior, but when Yoshi two whispered in my ear, “They will all want to dance with you and afterward they will never think of their girlfriends the same”, I smiled in satisfaction.

I did at least one slow dance with my other 9 male classmates and then while I was dancing slow with Yoshi two Yoshi one began to pour warm sake over my shoulders and Yoshi one began to lick it off me as it spilled down my breasts. I laughed at first and then said, “You idiots, you will ruin my silk pants!”

Yoshi one said, “You are right, the only thing to do is to take them off”, and I removed them and handed them to Yoshi two.

Now I was dancing in a room with 11 men in only a thong and high heels. I knew where this was going as more and more warm sake was poured over my shoulders and I could feel several different tongues licking it off of me, but I no longer cared. I closed my eyes and surrendered to my desires. 

A futon was rolled out in the middle of the room and I laid down on it on my back while more and more sake was poured on me and more and more tongues licked it off. Soon I felt two tongues working their way up from my ankles to my inner thighs while others were kissing and licking my nipples as I kissed one of the two Yoshis. When I felt someone peeling off my thong a surge of fear and expectation welled up in me, a few seconds later I felt the first erection of the night pressing insistently at my entrance and then sliding into me as I moaned with desire.

Whoever it was, they came quickly after not more than a half dozen thrusts. I groaned in frustration as I felt him ejaculating into me a huge amount of cum. Perhaps it was fortuitous as a few seconds later I felt the head of an extremely large cock pushing against my labia. The head felt like it was the size of a billiards ball. The only way he got the head of it into me was because I was so totally lubricated. I felt like I would be split in two if it went any deeper, but at the same time I found myself lifting my hips up to him. Gradually he worked it into me until I was so totally filled with him that I could feel every vein and every pulsation. He kept his cock totally in me grinding his pubic bone into mine in a circular motion. Gradually, very gradually, I could feel him withdraw from me by a minimal amount and then, with that incredibly lascivious circular motion, bottom out in me again. I had my arms wrapped around who ever I was kissing at the time and, as the cock inside me began to finally withdraw from me by more than the minimal amount that I had grown accustomed to, my fingernails began to drive into his back until I heard him say, “Easy, Easy”.

My eyes came open and I looked into the eyes of the one who was kissing me. He started to kiss me again, but I pushed him aside, I wanted to see who it was that was so completely dominating me. It was Oke, one of the quieter and shyer of my classmates. I looked into his eyes in total awe as he slowly began to quicken his thrusts into my so tightly clasping undersized (at least for him) cunt. My arms went to his shoulders and I began to urge him into me more and more as he began to almost totally withdraw from me and reenter me till our pubic hair ground together. My breath started coming in small gasps as he filled me and the room became quiet as everyone watched my willing impalement. My eyes began to water and I could hear a roaring in my ears as I began to cum. The orgasm rolled over me as I undulated under him and then I felt a second stronger orgasm as he began to ejaculate into me. We lay together in a sweaty mass as I felt his pulsating cock began to subside until one of the others tapped him on the shoulder and said, “My turn”.

I felt like such a slut as he withdrew from my gapping wet pussy and I could feel the cum ooze out of me. At that point it seemed that a sexual steam was rising off of me and when a penises brushed my left and right cheeks I willingly reached up and guided each in turn to my mouth as another cock entered my now bubbling pussy. 

I could feel cum sloshing out of me with each thrust of the third person to penetrate me. My cunt was making wet slurping sounds with each thrust and I was shocked at how quickly the next orgasm came. As it did I involuntarily bit down on the cock that was in my mouth at the time. I heard its owner say, “Don’t bite, don’t bite!” as he pulled himself free of my mouth. I immediately turned to the cock at the other side of my face and engulfed it with my hungry mouth. I heard its owner say, “Careful, careful” as I ravenously sucked every inch of it as hard as I could. It took a minute or two more before the cock in my pussy came and by then I was building toward another orgasm.
