 Sally watched as her husband of fifteen years came in the house. He gave her a peck on the cheek as he passed on the way to the refrigerator. He turned and looked at her as he popped the top on a can of Bud. "Where are you off to this evening?" he asked. 

"I have to go to a meeting of the PTA. The kids are at Mom's. She will feed them then send them home. Your dinner is in the microwave. Just push the three minute button and it should be fine. I will see you later." She waved at him and slipped out of the door.

She was wearing a simple pink bra dress that she liked. The hem came to just above her knees. She wore no hose and had on a pair of open sandals that had high heels and thin pink ribbons that wound around her calves and tied in a bow, they were light and airy. Her blond hair spilled over her bare shoulders.

Sally walked down the street and turned at the next corner. She saw her friend and neighbor Ann's car waiting just a little ways down the street and hurried to it. She opened the passenger side door and slid in, slamming the door behind her. She smiled at Ann, "Am I on time?"

"Yes, you are. Right on the dot. Let's get on the road."

Sally watched as Ann drove for several miles, then turned and said, "This isn't the way to the school, where are we going?"

"We are almost there, dear. There is a preliminary meeting at a member's house for those of us who oppose longer school hours. It won't take long." 

Ann turned in to an area of large lots where the houses sat well back from the road. She turned in a drive in a wooded section which seemed to cover a dozen lots. There was no house in sight as the car wound it's way down a winding drive. Finally a house game in to view. It was a very large two story house. Several cars were parked in front. Ann pulled in a vacant space and got out. Sally followed.

Ann knocked on the door and turned to Sally and said, "You will understand later." The door opened and a large black man in a white jacket opened the door and said, "Good evening, please come right in." Sally heard the door close behind her as she looked around at a lovely foyer. She turned to say something to Ann but she was not there! The huge black man said, "Please follow me." and turned and walked down a hall to the right. She followed him and was full of questions. He stopped and opened a door, motioning her inside. She entered the room and saw several women seated around the room. There was a chair in the center of the room. As she took a tentative step into the room a tall attractive woman pointed to the chair. "Please be seated and all your questions will be answered."

The woman smiled at Sally and said, "Let me introduce you to the girls, you will meet their men later. First , I am Jo, the cute little girl in the green blouse is Tina. Sitting next to her is Pam, next is Sheryl, then Carol and Margo." Sally noticed that all the women were very attractive and well dressed. 

Jo looked at Sally and said, "We just want to get to know to get to know you better, so we will ask you a few questions about your interests, and your family. Is that all right with you, Dear.

"Yes, of course."

"How tall are you, five feet?"

"Almost, and I weigh almost one hundred pounds."

You have two children? A boy 16 and a girl 14?"

"Yes, that's right."

We were told you have a swimming pool in your back yard, how often do you use it? Do you use it for exercise? 

"Oh, if the weather is warm enough I try to swim a few laps every day, but I have to do it when the kids are at school. When they are at home they are in the pool." 

"Do you do other exercise as well, your figure is so nice?"

"Thank you, I do work outs several times a week. Mostly aerobics classes."

"Well that certainly seems to work for you." Sally blushed and thanked Jo again. 

"Do you have any hobbies?"

"Yes, I enjoy several. I like baking cakes. I bake so many I have to give them away."

"That sounds like fun, how many do you do at a time?"

"Usually two or three, but I have done as many as nine or ten."

"Do you enjoy dancing?" 

"Yes, I love it. We don't do it as often as we used to, but when I get the chance I love to. Frank is not that good, so I enjoy dancing with anyone I can", she laughed.

"What do you like in a man? Strength, appearance, or personality?"

"I have never thought about it like that, I like all of those things in a man."

"What is your favorite food, do you like chocolate as much as I do? I love to just hold it in my mouth and let it melt."

"Oh! Yes, I love it. I like to just savor the flavor as long as I can before I swallow it. The taste stays in your mouth for along time. You make my mouth water for some."

"What else do you enjoy?"

"Well, I enjoy movies and good books. I like romances and love stories."

"Do they turn you on?" smiled Jo and the other girls laughed and giggled.

Sally blushed, "I guess they do sometimes."

Jo smiled, "They get me all hot and bothered when I watch them if they are really good. Do you and Frank enjoy sex? I'm sorry, you don't have to answer that."

"I don't mind, we do once in awhile."

"Once in a while? Is that enough for you?"

"Well, it certainly has to be, doesn't it."

"Are you on the pill or do use some other method of birth control?"

"I had a hysterectomy several years ago so I don't have to worry about that."                                                                                                                                             

"Have you ever had a man other than Frank?"

"Heavens no, he was my first and only."

"How about another woman?"

"Gosh, no, never even thought of it."

"Well we certainly don't mean to imply that you have, that just popped out, forgive me. What else do you enjoy doing besides house work?" Everyone laughed. "Do you like to party? 

"I love to sing my head off in the shower, when no one can hear me. And I do enjoy a good party, we have friends over now and then."

"Do you have girl friends over for tea and such?"

"Yes, I have several girls over now and then, mostly just my neighbor though."

"I think we should join the others. Follow me." Jo walked to the door and opened it and turned right and entered a large family room. Sally saw there were a group of men watching a baseball game on a large screen TV. Jo escorted her to a table laden with hors d'oeuvres and a punch bowl. Jo picked up a cracker with a thin slice of salmon topped with caviar and held it to Sally's mouth, "here try this, it is delicious." Sally opened her mouth and Jo popped the cracker in. It was very, very good. Jo handed her a glass of punch and Sally took a sip. It was tart and a little sweet with a mild rum flavor. Sally ate several more different treats and they were all very tasty, but seemed a little salty, not too salty though. She had another glass of punch and joined a group of people with Jo. She was introduced to Jo's husband Pete, who was tall and handsome. He took her hand and kissed it softly, saying she was very pretty. Sally blushed and thanked him.

Pete went off and returned with fresh glasses of punch. Sally accepted a fresh drink and sat on a couch. She felt drowsy and a little light headed. Jo looked at her and asked if she was all right. "Do you want to lay down for a bit till you feel better?"

"I think maybe I had better." Jo and Pete helped her to a bed room. Pete left and Jo helped her take her sandals off, then pulled her dress over her head. Jo looked at Sally's breasts and flat belly. She said "Yum, yum, you are delicious, I can't wait to taste you." Sally paid no attention. She sat glassy eyed on the side of the bed. Jo pushed Sally back on the bed and told her to raise her hips. Sally obeyed and Jo pulled her panties down over her hips, then down her legs. Pete entered the room and Jo said, "She is ready. Very compliant and out of it."

Sally awoke with a start. She looked around and tried to remember where she was. She looked down and saw she was wearing a unfamiliar baby doll gown. Her lips seemed to be a little swollen and her pussy was a little sore. She saw a mirror and got up and walked to it and looked at her self. She was supprised to see her make-up seemed a little heavyer than she normally used. She saw a sheer robe on the foot of the bed and put it on over the baby doll gown. She walked to the door and heard laughter and music from down the hall. There was no one in the hall so she tiptoed down the hall and looked in the room. Jo saw her and called her to sit on the couch with Pete and another man Sally had not met. Sally pulled the robe around her and went to Jo. "Let me get my clothes on before I sit down, I am hardly covered by this gown set."

"Oh, you don't have to do that, we have all seen every thing you have, You look cute in that outfit."

"No, I am embarrassed, please show me my clothes."

"Darling, look, if it makes you feel better we will all take off all our clothes." Jo stood and reached behind her back and pulled down a zipper and her dress fell forward off her breasts and down her legs leaving her totally nude. Sally couldn't believe her eyes as every one in the room stripped their clothes off. Pete stood before her with a growing erection. His cock was huge. She had only ever seen Frank's penis and it was not half the size of Pete's member. 

"What is happening, what's going on here."

Jo said, "We are going to have a party and you are going to have sex with every one here."

"I don't think I want any part of this, give me my clothes. I want to go home."

"You don't really want to do that, Darling, we all want to love you. Some of us already have, You had better look at this tape first."

"What tape?"

Pete walked to the television and pressed a button on the set. His massive cock stook straight out in front of him and swayed back and forth as he walked. The screen brightened and Sally saw a couple engaged in intercourse fill the screen. She was startled to recognize the woman was wearing her dress and sandals. The camera moved in for a closeup of the cock sliding in and out of the dripping wet pussy. Then it panned up to the hand on the man's ass and focused on the wedding ring on the hand, it was Sally's wedding ring. She gasped. The camera moved up to the woman's face. Sally saw herself, with her mouth open and eyes closed, she had a small smile on her face. A long penis entered the picture and rubbed against her lips which parted to accept the cock in her mouth. Sally could not believe what she was seeing.

She looked at Jo in amazement, "What did you do, drug me?"

"Yes, we did. Look at the cum run out of your mouth. Your eyes open and you are looking for another cock and here it comes and I do mean cums. That monster looks like Pete. Watch him fill your face with cum."

"Why are you doing this to me?"

"We need new people in our group and you were recommended very highly."

"You are all crazy, let me up. I want to go home."

"We don't want you to go off angry, and we don't want trouble with you. Think twice before you leave. See if we have your address correct on this copy of the tape. And is your family's address right on this one."

Sally froze, "you wouldn't do that?" 

"You haven't seen the whole tape, it gets better. Pete, skip to the interview." The tape blurred as it went fast forward. It stopped and Sally saw here own face as Jo asked on screen, " Do you and Frank enjoy sex?" Sally saw herself answer, "Once in a while, Frank isn't that good, so I enjoy a good party now and then."

"Do you mean you have sex with other men?"

"Yes, I do. I have friends over now and then, but I have to do it when the kids are in school."

"You mean you have more than one lover at your house at a time? How many men do you screw?"

"Usually two or three, but I have done as many as nine or ten."

"Wow, that is a lot of guys."

"Yes, that's right."

"Do you like to suck cocks and swallow the cum?"

"Oh, yes I love it. I love to savor the flavor as long as I can before I swallow it. The taste stays in your mouth for a long time. You make my mouth water for some."

"Do you like sex with women too?"

"Yes I have several girls over now and then, mostly just my neighbor though."

Sally looked shocked and started to cry. Jo put her arm around her and pulled her close, "We don't want to hurt you. Believe me, that is the last thing we want. Let me wipe those tears away. We know you will want to please us so we won't have to send those tapes to Frank and your kids. We don't want to do that because that means we have failed and that you will have lost everything you have, family, husband, home, all of it. You don't want that do you? Think how Frank will react to that tape. Your mother and father? Your kids."

"Oh! Oh! Oh my god." Sally sobbed. What must I do?"

"It is not that bad, most of us here started the same way. We love it now. You will learn that pleasing others sexually is very pleasant. It gives you a sense of accompishment and satisfaction to see your friends reach a great and lasting orgasm. It is quite lovely for both parties and the love you will feel is returned a thousand fold.

"Can I go home now?"

"Not yet, Dear, Pete and several others want to take some still shots of you in different poses, and you and I need to talk some more. Do you want to call Frank and tell him you may be a little late?"

"Yes, I think I had better."

Sally called Frank and told him she would be a little late and for him to go ahead and go to bed. He said fine, just fix his lunch for tomorrow.

Jo and Margo took Sally in the bed room and told her to strip. She complied. Jo looked at her and said, "Don't try to cover that lovely body, be proud of it. Here put this on." She handed Sally a corset. Sally held it against her body, she looked at Jo, who moved behind her and and fastened the Velcro at the back. The corset was very tight and Sally could hardly breathe. Jo handed her stockings and she sat on the bed and pulled them up her legs. Jo helped her fasten the garter straps and adjust them. Jo pulled and smoothed the stockings up Sally's thighs, her hand brushed Sally's pusy at the top of the stockings. Sally felt a tingle run through her body at the touch. She tried to pull the corset higher but it only cupped the lower half of her breasts, pushing them up and exposing her nipples. Jo gave Sally a pair of black pumps with very high heels. Sally put them on and tottered at first when she tried to walk a few steps. Jo said they were perfect. She said, "You look beautiful, let's go show every one. Sally was shocked, "Where is the rest of the outfit, panties, dress?"

Jo smiled, "That is it, you are delectable like that."

Sally followed Jo back into the living room. Everyone clapped when they saw her. Sally was so embarrassed she didn't know what to do. Pete walked up to her and took her in his arms and kissed her deeply, his tongue probing deeply in her mouth. She could feel his cock growing and pushing between her legs. Jo said, "Wait a bit, Pete, let's get some pictures first." Pete pulled back and smiled at Sally, "I want you later little gal."

Jo pulled Sally to a ottoman and had her sit on it. She beckoned two of the men, placing one on each side of Sally and had Sally take the two cocks in her hands, "Put one at each side of your mouth, Dear, like you were just sucking both of them. Smile girl, look like you enjoy it. We have enough already to ruin you. Smile!" Sally tried to smile and the two cocks slipped into her mouth. 

"Beautiful, slip them in your mouth further." Sally did as she was told, she realized that she had no real choice but to obey.

One of the men with the cameras came over and told Sally to lay back on the ottoman and spread her legs with her head hanging back over the other side. Sally did as she was told. She felt a cock rubbing up and down her slit, getting slipperier from her juices. Another cock pressed at her lips, she parted her lips and felt the hard silky shaft slide deep into her throat. Then it slid back out. She saw the flash of the camera as it moved into her throat again.

The cock in her pussy was thrusting in and out and she tried to restrain the growing heat in her pussy. She felt her juices flowing and knew she was going to cum soon. She tried to hold back but suddenly she felt a climax like she had never experienced before. She jerked and screamed around the cock in her mouth and felt it pump faster then pulse as it shot a load of hot cum down her throat. She swallowed to keep from choking. The cock in her pussy flooded her love channel with cum and slowly pulled out as it softened. The cum dripped from her pussy and her mouth as the cameras clicked. 

Jo helped her sit up and handed her a towel, "That wasn't too bad was it?"

"No, I have never felt anything like that before. What is next?"

"It is getting late. Pete wants to fuck you, then we will get you cleaned up and take you home."

Pete picked her up and carried her to the bedroom. He smiled and said, "Sweetheart, I want you on a soft bed. Lay back and relax. Clean her up, Jo." Jo took a warm damp wash cloth and wiped her face and dried it with a towel. She moved down to Sally's cunt and wiped it off, running the cloth between the lips of her vagina, then carefully drying it. When she was through Pete crawled on the bed beside Sally. He put his lips over hers and inserted his tongue between her lips and moved it around her tongue. He pulled up and kissed her chin, her neck and shoulders. He trailed wet kisses down to her breasts, he licked around each breast, moving ever inward. She waited for him to reach her nipples, but he moved down to her belly button and inserted his hot wet tongue. He moved up to her breasts again and swirled his tongue around her areolas and she felt the heat and moisture growing in her pussy. 

He closed his lips over her right nipple and sucked it into his mouth. It was heavenly, she jerked as he moved to the other breast and sucked on it's hard nipple. It felt so good, she didn't want him to stop. 

He left a wet path down her stomach as he kissed his way to the tuft of hair on her mound, He slid down between her legs, they involuntarily spread as wide as they could. She felt the pressure building in her core like she had never felt it before. His mouth sucked the inner lips of her pussy and pulled them in and out. She thrust her hips up to meet his mouth. She felt lips softly press against hers and a gentle tongue slip in to meet her's. she opened her eyes and saw it was Jo. She kissed back and felt a feeling she had never known. Pete's tongue slid in between the lips of her pussy and probed deep within her, she felt a burst of pleasure rack her body. Jo whispered softly in her ear, "He is wonderful, isn't he. He drives me up the wall with that tongue." Pete raised up and rubbed his cock against her cunt lips, she tried to rise to meet him as she felt the ridge of it's huge head slide into her pussy. She had never felt any thing like it. She reached for him to pull him deeper, but he pulled out until the tip of his cock was just between her lips, then moved back inside her. Jo pulled back and whispered, "I want to watch this, Dearest, just relax and let him fuck your brains out. You will love it, I do."

Sally closed her eyes and tried to tell what was happening in her sopping wet pussy. It felt like the huge cock in it was growing. She could feel the rim around the head as Pete moved in and out of her. She could hear a soft pop as he withdrew and a slurp as he slipped the monster back in. She had never had anything near this big in her pussy. She could feel his pulse in his veins inside her. She knew she was about to cum again. She yelled with joy as he increased the speed of his rhythmic movements. Pleasure surged through her body, then it blasted her again and again. She had never cum more than one time while having sex in her whole life, now she was cumming time after time. She lost control of her body and shook like a leaf. She began a low purring noise in her throat. She heard Pete grunting as her neared his own climax, then she felt the pulses as his sticky cum shot into her pussy. He lay quietly on her body for a short time then rolled off of her.
