 Sally and John sat in their new double recliner and watched the video screens that lined the wall of his office. They wore white terrycloth robes. Sally had high heels, stockings and a garter belt underneath the robe, John wore only slippers. John played with Sally's hand, putting it to his lips now and then. He liked to kiss his wedding ring on her finger. This was Saturday evening. Mr. John, and now, Mr. John And Miss Sally, traditionally made an appearance on that night. They never took part in the action any more, but they did like to visit with old friends and move around to mix with and talk to the members. 

John zoomed the main screen in on a group of people. Four men surrounded a young woman. She was gorgeous, her long blond hair framed a perfect face. She had large breasts and wore a white corset and white stockings and shoes. She also wore white satin gloves that reached up over her elbows. The total effect was very erotic. She was obviously very distressed about something. John said, "Look at her, I wonder what is wrong, She has only been here about three times. Let's go see what is going on." Sally and John entered the large room having left the robes behind and Sally walked over to the group they had been watching. She looked around and saw Miss Jo engaged in giving a blow job to one man while being fucked in rear by another. She smiled at the men surrounding the girl, "Who is this, I haven't met her yet? Hi! Mark, Dave, why is she crying?" 

"Her name is Erika. She says she doesn't want to fuck anyone. We are explaining to her that she does not have a choice."

"You men find another girl. I want to talk to her."

"How about you Miss Sally, I would just love to eat that sweet pussy again."

"Yes," the others chimed in, "we want you, Miss Sally."

"Maybe later, I want to talk to this young lady first."

Sally took the girl by the hand and led her to a small table in a corner and asked her to sit with her. The girl had stopped crying and was looking at Sally with interest. 

"Are you the famous Miss Sally I have heard so much about?"

"I am Miss Sally. Tell me what you problem is dear, we don't like to see you cry."

"I just don't want to do those four at once, I am scared. I did five or six, I really don't know how many the first night and they really hurt me. I couldn't sit for several days. I work as a receptionist and it really gave me several bad days."

"Did you tell Miss Jo about this?"

"No, I am afraid of her. She wasn't here the first night. She and her husband have been saying they both want me, I have seen him, I know he would split me in two, I have never even kissed a girl, I don't know what she wants to do to me."

"Sweetheart, Miss Jo is a very sweet and caring person, as is Pete, her husband, they would never hurt you, believe me, I know that. They only want to give you pleasure." Sally saw that Miss Jo was talking to Mr. John and she caught Jo's eye and waved them over. When the two were seated Sally introduced them both to Erika, She said she was glad to meet Mr. John. Sally explained Erika's problem. Mr. John smiled and took the girls hand and held it between his hands. "Have you been to a good OB-GYN doctor lately. What you had done to you should not cause much if any pain, certainly not any lasting pain, He looked at Sally, then Jo, "Am I right girls?"

Sally nodded, "I was a little sore the next morning but nothing that bad, I don't remember any real pain at all." 

Erika said she had not been for a few years. Her husband didn't believe in running to the doctor for every little thing and she couldn't very well tell him the problem. 

Sally leaned to John and put her arm around his neck, she kissed him on the cheek and asked if they could pay for Erika to see a doctor. As she pulled back she noticed John had an erection. She looked at him, stood, and walked away. He watched her go. "Erika, Miss Jo will call you with a time and place for an appointment with a doctor. Miss Jo, what got into Sally? I feel she is angry with me."

"Maybe it is because you are sitting holding this beautiful girl's hand with a huge hard on." Mr. John looked down, "Oh! My, I didn't know. Where is she." 

"There she is, over talking to Pete, Mark and Dave." Mr. John walked over to where Sally was talking to the group of guys. Sally looked at him and said, "The boys want me to party with them." Looking him straight in the eyes. She saw the expression of hurt on his face and grabbed his arm and turned to the group, "Oh! I forgot, I promised John I would have dinner with him. Perhaps another time." They walked back toward their rooms. She was still a little put out by his reaction to the girl. She knew she was jealous but didn't know how to handle it. John had not touched or even given her any hint that he wanted to touch an other woman since they were married.

She had worried about how long he would be able to resist the temptation of seeing all the sexy and available women he saw every day. All he had to do was say a word and one or all of them would jump in his bed. When he closed the door behind them he took her elbow and turned her around, "Sally, I think I know why you are angry with me. My body betrayed me. What else can I say. The girl attracted me, I never had the first thought about doing anything about it. I thought I would die when you said you wanted to party with Pete, Dave and Mark. I couldn't say anything. I know I couldn't have watched that, and I know that, you have every right to do that if you desire. We agreed that we had to have an open marriage. That sounded fine until I saw you with them and I saw Pete put his hand on your ass. Listen to me snivel like a baby, go to them if you want, it won't change how much I love you, I just want you to be happy." He turned and walked to the bar, and got a glass and a bottle out. He poured himself a drink and looked at her. She smiled and said, "Fix me one too. I'm not going anywhere without you."

They lay on the big recliner John's arm was around Sally her head on his shoulder. He buried his nose in her hair, loving the clean smell of it. Sally looked up, "Where are Jo and Erika. I don't see them. John used the joy stick on his control and found them. They were in the Ladies locker room, John pressed a button and they heard Jo say, "never want to let anyone hurt you, if that happens we have failed. We don't ever want that to happen. You are so nervous and tense, let me give you a massage, it will relax you."

Sally turned to John, "Do you want to watch the seduction of that girl? It might be interesting." She dropped her little hand to his crotch, I think you are already interested."

Jo helped the girl onto the massage table which as a powered table that was easily raised or lowered. She had Erika lay on her stomach and went to a warmer and came back with a bottle of scented oil. Jo poured a little oil on her hands and began rubbing it into the girl's shoulders and neck. Her hands worked carefully on the neck muscles And the upper back. Jo washed her hands and said "Sweetheart, Sit up and let me get that corset off of you so I don't get oil on it and I can get at your back and legs. Erika sat up and Jo unfastened the back of the corset and unsnapped the garters from the white stockings and removed the corset and stockings. Erika lay back on her stomach, she still wore the satin gloves. Jo got a new warmer bottle of oil and worked down the back, kneading and relaxing the muscles. She reached the little round ass and poured oil on it and softly rubbed and massaged it. She poured a little more oil and letting a little run down the crack. "Oops!" she said and pressed her hand between the legs and pushed the oil up on the back. Sally grinned at John, "She did that to me, she is really going now."

Jo was now caressing the cute little ass and rubbing the upper thighs as well. Her hands would 'accidentally' brush against the pussy. She worked down to the feet then asked Erika to turn over. Erika did as she was asked, she looked erotic wearing the long white satin gloves and nothing else. Sally slowly stroked John's erection. Jo ran her hands softly over the girl's shoulders and upper chest then caressed the lovely globes and teased the nipples ever so lightly. She rubbed around and around each breast moving toward the now erect nipples. She rubbed the nipples softly then moved her hands over the flat tummy to the furry mound. She gently spread the legs apart a little and caressed and massaged the upper thighs often bumping the pussy as she worked. She moved to the top of the table and lowered it a bit. "Here is the moment of truth." murmured Sally, she will kiss her now. They watched as Jo softly brushed her lips over Erika's red lips. They kissed softly and Jo's hand moved down between Erika's legs and gently rubbed the mound there. The little hands in their satin gloves pulled Jo's head tighter to Erika's lips. Sally threw her hands straight up in the air, "Touchdown, she scored!" John laughed and said, "You had a doubt about the outcome?" 

"Not really, oh! Look she is sucking her nipples now. She will be eating her out in a minute. I am getting hot just watching it. Hummm, maybe we should invite her for dinner one evening."

"That's a thought, would I get a chance to touch her?"

"Well, I will have to rethink the whole idea. I don't know what to say, darling, I look at the girl and want to make love to her, but when I saw you aroused by her I got insanely jealous, I guess I am not mature enough to handle all this yet. It is not that I can't resist the temptation, because I can. When I saw you get aroused I wanted to hurt you by going with those guys, I really had absolutely no desire to go with them but I want to make you hurt like I did. I never felt jealous before in my whole life. I guess you made a mistake by marrying me. You deserve better."

"Wait, I feel almost the same way, I can't stand the idea of you being with someone else. It drives me up the wall. I think we need to agree not to touch any one else until further notice, will you go along with that?"

"With all my heart. You just made me very happy, John, I love you for what you just said."

"Well, I know you love to watch so let's find out what Jo and Erika are up to." John searched and found Jo and Erika still in the locker room. They had been joined by Pete. Erika was on her knees and had her face buried between Jo's legs, Jo gave Pete a grin. Pete moved behind Erika and put his face against her pussy. He softly inserted his tongue inside and she pulled her head up and looked back., Jo grabbed her head and pulled it back where it was. Jo softly said, "please don't stop now, Dear, you feel so good, I need you to finish me. Don't pay attention to him. He will please you." Erika was now pushing her pussy back into Pete's face. His slurping noise was making Sally hot so she grabbed John's hand and put it on her pussy. He felt her wetness and slipped several fingers inside her. 

Pete continued sucking and licking Erika's pussy and clit and Erika couldn't keep her attention on Jo. Jo slid off the table and whispered in Pete's ear. They both helped Erika onto her back on the table. Pete moved back between Erika's legs and resumed his pressure with his active tongue, the girl was writhing and moaning on the table now. Pete moved up and rubbed the head of his huge cock up and down on the girl's pussy. He slipped it in a little ways then pulled back, he worked his cock slowly in and out while Jo kissed Erika's lips and played with her nipples. She slowly became accustomed to his size in her little tight love tunnel. Then she said, "Fuck me harder, Please harder." Pete grinned and started long hard strokes, in a few seconds the girl was having continuous orgasms rock her body. She was screaming, "Yes, Yes. Fuck me, fuck me, I love it fuck me." Then her head flopped over as Pete pumped shot after shot of cum into her vagina. He quickly pulled out and grasped his cock and jerked on it. A jet of cum flew onto the flat belly and another hit Jo on the cheek. Three or four more squirts and he leaned on the table breathing rapidly. Jo moved to him and kissed his lips, he grinned and said, I'll do you later lover, we need you to give this girl a shower."

Sally turned to John, "I need you right now, carry me to bed. Please! Now."

John picked her up and carried her to the bedroom and gently placed her on the bed, He turned and shut the door. He turned back and saw Sally on the bed her legs spread wide, caressing her pussy with her hands, her eyes were half closed and she was softly moaning. He climbed between her legs and gently moved her hands, replacing them with his fingers and his tongue. Sally softly started to purr. He continued with his fingers in her sweet pussy and moved beside her and kissed her mouth tenderly. Their tongues met and entwined. Sally pulled his head harder to hers, then moved it down to her nipples, first one then the other. She was purring louder now and he rolled back between her legs and reached down and rubbed his rigid cock up and down her slit, thrusting in a little deeper into her wet and slippery love tunnel each time he passed it. Finally he pushed all the way in and stopped there for a moment savoring the tightness and heat surrounding his shaft. He kissed her softly as he stroked in and out. Her purring was louder now. 

Sally was orgasming almost continuously now, she was reaching her sensory overload point. She screamed, 'John, John, Ahaaaaaaa.' And suddenly she went limp. He was in the middle of his own climax and shuddered as his cock spewed jism inside her. He fell beside her and hugged her to him, Are you alright?" He asked.

"I have never been more all right in my whole life. Kiss me please, I love you, John."

The following Wednesday Sally and John were sipping liqueur after dinner, when Sally looked at John, "Honey I have something to tell you, I did something with out asking, I invited Erika for dinner Friday evening. Please don't be angry."

"Why would I be angry? Surprised, yes, angry no. Why the change of heart?"

"Well, I have been thinking about it. I remembered how much I loved that night when Jo and I loved you. It didn't make me love you less, it made me love you more. If I can have you to my self when I want to I don't mind sharing you if we do it together. I don't want you to be alone with someone else."

"I'll have to think about this, she can come to dinner, tell Leo. We will see how the evening progresses, you can always say stop, you are not comfortable with what is going on."

Friday evening Leo showed Erika into The living room, John rose to meet her and gave her a kiss on the cheek. "Please be seated Erika, Miss Sally will be with us shortly. Have you been feeling any better?" 

"Yes , I am fine now, the doctor said he thought most of it was nerves. He knows all about this place."

"He should, he is a charter member. He is also a very fine doctor."

"Hello Erika," said Sally as she entered the room, "Don't you look super in that outfit. I love the way you have your hair done, Mr. John won't let me cut mine. He likes mine long. Where did you get that little pinstriped suit, it is adorable, businesslike but sexy. I love your boots too? Listen to me babble on like an old hen. You are our first dinner guest since we were married. I am so excited, please forgive me." 

Sally sat next to Mr. John and smiled at him. He grinned back at her. She looked stunning in a "Little Black Dress", he knew she was wearing stockings and heels, no panties. Mr. John touched a button and Leo appeared and smiled at the two ladies, "What can I get you ladies to drink"

Sally smiled at Leo, "I think I will be brave tonight, I would like a Captain and water. Please." Erika said that she would try one too. Leo winked at Mr. John and left the room.

Mr. John smiled, "Would you two girls stand in front of me please." Sally and Erika stood in front of Mister John. He asked them to slowly turn around for him so he could admire their outfits. "Lovely, both of you are really beautiful. Stand closed to me, now lift your skirts. Wonderful, You are both delicious, I can't wait, but I will have to. He sat forward and placed a hand between the legs of each of them, moving slowly up to touch their pussies. He rubbed his middle fingers back and forth in each girl. He grinned and told them to sit back down. "We don't want to upset Leo he grinned as he tasted each finger in turn. "I'm not going to say if one tasted better, one of you would be disappointed, and we can't have that, can we. Sally, Erika was telling me that she is feeling much better. Doc Jake told her it was probably stress." 

"Oh! That is wonderful, you look much more relaxed than you did that night we talked. Do you work, Dear?"

"Not right now, I quit my receptionist job, I am looking for something else."

"John, has Jo found someone to replace me?"

"I don't know, I'll find out, would you be interested in working here if we have an opening." Mr. John told her about the pay and the perks. 

"That sounds great, I would like working with Miss Jo, she is very sweet, and her husband is yummy." 

"Yes he is," said Sally, smiling sweetly at Mr. John. 

After Leo served a lovely dinner of roast loin of pork with roasted vegetables they sipped an after dinner drink. Sally looked at Erika, "Dear, I am going to freshen up a bit, would you like to go with me?" Sally and Erika went in to the ladies room and John went to the bed room and stripped and put on a terry robe. He was sitting on the bed when the girls found him. Sally shut the door behind them. Sally smiled at Erika and asked, "Can I help you out of that jacket, Dear."

She stood in front of Erika and unbuttoned the jacket and helped her get it off her arms. She wore a silky white blouse under the jacket. Sally unbuttoned the blouse and the cuffs as well. She reached around Erika and unfastened the skirt and dropped it to the floor. Sally kissed Erika softly on the lips then pulled back and unfastened Erika's little white bra and freed the girls breasts. Sally cupped a breast in each hand and kissed and sucked each nipple. Erika was taller than Sally and Sally pushed her slowly toward the bed. Erika fell back on the bed. Sally moved to lay beside John and reached over him and patted the bed for Erika to lay there. Sally kissed John and looked at the other girl, "He has the sweetest lips in the world, try them." Erika and John kissed deeply and Sally grinned, she saw his erection push up the terry robe into a tent.

"John, please stop." he jumped as if he had been shot.

"What?"

"Stop and set up so we can get that robe off of you, I want Erika to help me suck your beautiful cock." After the robe was off the two girls kissed around John's shaft. They moved up and down in unison, they kissed each other deeply over the head of his penis then slipped back down. Their tongues sliding along the rigid rod. John reached down and grasped Sally and pulled her up so her pussy was over his face. He gave his full attention to her clit, sucking, lapping, and caressing it with his lips. He paused and said, "I hear my 'little puss' purring." Sally shivered and shook. She pulled her mouth away and said, "Erika, trade places with me, I want you to feel his tongue inside you, you will love it. Sally moved over John, reached down and slipped his cock into her hot, wet, little pussy. She tightened her vaginal muscles around his shaft and squeezed him tightly as she rose along it. Then she relaxed the muscles and slowly slipped back down. She reached out and pulled Erika towards her, rubbing her hands over Erika's nipples then putting one hand behind her head and pressed her mouth to Erika's. Her little tongue pushed into the other girl's mouth and met another eager tongue waiting for it. Sally continued to move up-and-down until his hands stopped her. She broke her kiss and looked at him. "Sally, Dearest, you will have me cum in about one more minute of that sweet pussy of yours, I can't resist it. Let me rest a minute. I want to watch the two of you get it on." Erika climbed off of him and lay on her back. Sally moved between her legs and spread them wide, she parted the large lips with her fingers and blew softly into the wide open love tunnel. She blew a little harder and felt Erika shiver, "How's that for a blow job?" Sally then plunged her face in as far as she could and starting lapping up the flood of fluids from Erika's pussy. Her fingers played with the girl's clit and Erika's orgasms started. She moaned loudly, drowning out Sally's purring. John pulled Sally back and kissed her, then licked all the wetness from her face, "let her do you while I fuck her, OK? I want to watch your face when you cum." Sally climbed over Erika's face and lowered her sopping wet pussy over the girls face. A long tongue traced her slit then slid up inside her. Sally purred louder. John pushed his thick cock in Erika's pussy and started a long stroke, all the way in and almost out. Sally's eyes were closed until Erika found her clit and started rubbing it with her fingers as her tongue lapped at Sally's sweet juices. John saw Sally was nearing her climax and increase the speed of his fucking into Erika. He was slamming Erika hard enough to rock Sally too. Sally purred louder and John knew she was cumming. Erika grunted she was cumming too so John let his sperm fly up over Erika's stomach and tits. Sally pulled John down beside her and gave him a long tender kiss. Erika looked at her watch and said she had to go. She said she had a wonderful time. When she was gone Sally looked at John, "Was she as good as you thought she would be?"
