 My first teaching job was in the mountains of rural Georgia about an hour north of Atlanta. It was near where Deliverance was filmed and the locals were still talking about how Burt needed protection since he had been caught having sex with the mayor's wife.

I shared a two bedroom apartment with another first year teacher and we became lifelong friends.

As sexually active women in our 20's, we were very restricted. If we were to go out with one of the local men it would soon be gossip all over the county so Ellie and I decided that we would look for sex in the city one Saturday night each month.

While we both preferred having sex with a man, both of us had experienced sex with women during our college years. Since we were attracted to each other, we could keep the sexual edge off by doing each other between trips to Atlanta.

In the early 1970's, Underground Atlanta was the place to be and Fulton County was the only place in Georgia where you could buy a mixed drink. We visited places with music and drinks such as Dante's Down the Hatch, The Blarney Stone, The Rustler's Den, The Pumphouse, The Front Page, The Bank Note, Mulenbrink's Saloon, and Sgt. Pepper's. We were usually lucky at Sgt. Pepper's more often than at the other spots, but we usually did the rounds to get a feel of the action.

We always booked a hotel room in the area for our Saturday night on the town knowing that by the time the bars closed at 4 A.M. we would be hammered and in no shape to drive home. If we were lucky we would have a man in our bed or we would be in his.

Sometimes we did not make the right connection and sometimes we both struck gold and each had a man in our bed.

One weekend stands out in my mind and I remember details like it happened yesterday. As usual, Ellie and I drove to Atlanta about mid-day, registered for a double room with 2 beds, and spent the afternoon shopping. We took a nap in the early evening because the bar action would not get started until 9 or 10 at the earliest.

We dressed as sexy as we could with short skirts and tops which would show some cleavage and walked down the street to Underground Atlanta. We hopped from bar to bar checking out the guys and seeing where we liked the music the best. We chose Sgt. Pepper's for both the disco music and the good looking unattached guys we saw there. Ellie and I found a table that had been recently vacated and ordered a drink. We were both hot looking chicks so it was not long until guys started asking us to dance and were buying us drinks.

One guy, Bill, wearing a dress shirt with jacket and tie, ask if he could sit with us and became my regular dance partner for the evening. About 1 A.M., Ellie decided to head back to our room alone and Bill offered to escort me back later. We did a lot of fast dancing which really got me jumping and then about 2 A.M. there was a stretch of slow dances. Bill was a good dancer and really seemed interested in me. As we danced close I could feel that I excited him by the lump in his pants that kept bumping me in my lower tummy. He had both arms around me like a full body hug and kissed my neck and ear. I snuggled closer which made him feel bolder and he began stroking my butt with one hand and my back with the other. I pulled back a little to look him in the eyes and we locked lips.

A little bit of tongue action followed and as the dance set progressed, Bill seemed to be testing how far I would let his hands roam. He pulled me close so there was no question about my feeling his lump and his hand slid under the back of my short skirt. I'm sure we were showing everyone my lacy, brief panties.

Back at the table he ask if we could go somewhere to be together. I told him I would love to have him walk me back to my hotel. I excused myself to the restroom where I peed and took my panties off. When I got back to the table I discreetly handed them to Bill and said, "Why don't we go now!"

At the hotel, I invited him to our room explaining that my roommate was probably up there and may be sleeping but not to worry about disturbing her because we had an arrangement.

Sure enough, Ellie was sleeping in her bed, but she had left the light on low for us and knew that I might be bringing a guy back with me.

"Bill, I want to be with you tonight, but I really need a shower after all that dancing. Would you like to shower with me so we will both be squeaky clean?"

"I would love to shower with you and then I want to make wild crazy love to you."

We undressed together in the bathroom and shared the shower. I soaped his long and skinny, 8" circumcised dick and he soaped my DD breasts and my pussy. We really enjoyed the shower and got to know each other much better in a short time.

After drying each other off, we retired to my bed. We lay together, kissed and caressed. I held his dick and massaged it with my hand while he had two fingers in my vagina and his thumb on my clit. I had my first orgasm of the night and took a few minutes to recover. I placed a pillow under my butt, because it feels better for me that way, and he had no trouble feeding his 8" into my love hole. He had a different fucking rhythm than I was used to, but it was not long until we were thrusting together. His cock may have been skinny, but he had a big loose ball sac which kept smacking me in the ass as we fucked.

Bill's rhythm changed. He began pumping harder and faster and his cock seemed to swell as he approached his climax. He said, "I'm going to cum soon."

"Cum inside me. I want to feel you cum."

He paused at the bottom of his stroke and grunted loudly, "Oh so good, so good."

I felt several jets of his cum hitting the inner wall of my vagina.

As he softened and began to slip out of me, I took him in my mouth and cleaned off our combined juices. "Bill, if I help, do you think we could do it again?"

From the other bed we heard Ellie say, "I have been watching and listening to the two of you. May I join you?"

Bill answered, "As far as I am concerned, the more the merrier."

"Come on over Ellie." I said.

Ellie, who was already naked, came over and we sandwiched Bill between us on the double bed.

They played tongue tag in their mouths while I sucked on Bill's cock. I took his balls in my mouth and stroked his cock with my hands, I kissed up and down the length of his cock and swirled my tongue around the velvet head.

I moved up and slid his cock in my pussy while Ellie moved up and sat on his face while he pleased her orally. I came quickly. I just love that position -- and switched places with Ellie. Bill wanted to do her doggy style and play with her "B" breasts, so I slid underneath and sucked his balls into my mouth while he fucked her.

Ellie's sexual barometer was pretty high since she had been watching us earlier. Within ten minutes they both came together. Bill filled Ellie's pussy as he had filled mine a little earlier.

We cuddled for a few minutes and then Bill said that he would have to go because he had an important meeting in the morning and really needed to get a few hours of sleep.

I called the desk for a late check-out and Ellie and I both crawled into her bed and slept cuddled together until our wake up call.

During the school year that I spent in that little Georgia school district, Ellie and I made 6 or 7 Saturday night trips to Underground Atlanta. Perhaps there are still more tales to tell.

Like my other Sally stories, this was based on a true experience Sally related to me over the years.