 This is a multi-part story narrated through a mix of third person perspective and first person perspectives. Set in a fictional country of Salocia where the Queen is the supreme matriarch with many husbands.

*****

Jake planted a soft hot kiss on Maya's neck. His lips met with the juicy red of hers. Both of them closed their eyes in raw unbridled passion. Maya was in complete ecstasy. At the same time, Kirev, Morgon, Lamir, Navan, Havaz and Berdo were all feasting on Maya's flesh. Kirev and Morgon suckled on each of her lactating boobs managing to drink a few squirts of Maya's warm sweet milk. Maya giggled, "That's not for you big boys". "But big boys need milk!" Kirev protested. Maya did not say anything; truly her breasts produced surplus milk even after nursing her four suckling babies. Rest of her children have grown up. Lamir and Navan caressed her six months' pregnant tummy and licked and kissed her belly. Havaz and Berdo massaged Maya's legs which rested upon their shoulders. Their muscular hands gently massaged her fleshy thighs and round ass. They spread her wide keeping her hairy pussy open to the delicious invasion by Ranos. 

Ranos was ploughing his wife with slow, deliberate, long strokes. His big hard cock massaged Maya's inner channel thoroughly. The sticky cock cream deposits from his co-husbands basted his cock. Ranos did not mind. Feelings of jealousy and icky-ness could never come between his wife and him. After all Queen Maya was a woman with eight hot blooded husbands. She was beautiful, kind and bountiful. She made it a point to lay with all eight husbands each night. No condom, no birth control, Queen Maya gave them very satisfying unprotected sex. Each of them had enough pussy and fulfilling sex lives.

Ranos increased pace. The ministrations from her other hubbies continued incessantly, pushing Maya over the edge once again as her pussy started having spasms. Jake saw Maya's stomach convulse in pleasure. Jake knew his wife's pussy was contracting around Ranos's bare cock buried to the hilt, as she milked him deep inside her. Maya's soft hands grabbed Ranos' butts pulling him deeper without hesitation, in a simple and primitive gesture of acceptance of his seeds. Ranos groaned in release as Maya moaned seductively. Ranos's cock slowly stopped throbbing as the last drop was released inside her. Maya let him slide out slowly, letting a trail of hot creampie spew out of her pussy. 

Jake positioned himself in front of the spread eagled woman and the tip of his erect cock touched her vaginal entrance for a second and then he pushed in her well lubricated pussy for a sloppy eighth. Jake wanted her and soon his sausage started frantic pumping in her gooey pussy. The fact that he had just watched and aided seven hung men ravage Maya's pussy and unload their baby-making cream right inside his woman's hole did not bother him. Maya lovingly looked at the determined face of her newest husband as he pumped deep and fast inside her. Her pussy juice and man cream mix accelerated the sweet feeling of fulfilment. After a while she contracted for another orgasm urging Jake, "Cum baby, cum". With a loud "Aaaarh", Jake came inside her, unloading a hot jet of seeds into her womb.

***** 

"No more for this morning", Maya left the bed saying. "Please baby, come back to bed", Lamir protested. "Come to us," echoed some of her other hubbies. The Queen said firmly, "No boys, not possible now. The foreign delegates are coming. I have a meeting scheduled with them in half an hour. Then lunch. I will see you guys in the afternoon. Then we can make love. Ok?" A reluctant affirmation came from the men.

The men watched their magnificent lady as she sat on her queening stool in front of the mirror. Four young boy servants surrounded her. Two of them held six months' old Prince Jikal and one and half years old Princess Mikisa in position as Maya nursed her babies. The men watched with awe as she breastfed while other two servants applied wipes, perfumes and moisturisers, helped her make-up. The men lay on the massive queenbed, all naked, watching their wife dress, suckle their children and more. Danni, her body slave, was sitting under the queening stool with his head buried in Maya's groin. They could hear audible sounds of licking and slurping as Danni licked Maya's well fucked cream-filled pussy. Her other suckling children, Prince Halor, two and a half years old and Princess Licina, three and a half years old, were brought in replacing Jikal and Mikisa, after few minutes, who now latched onto their mother's milky boobs. After a while she was done feeding her breast milk to her nursing babies and cock milk to her body slave Danni eating her pussy. 

The dress and make up boys now helped the Queen fit into a tight white gown. Maya's curves were accentuated by the gown and it opened in front deep revealing a deep and delicious cleavage between Queen Maya's massive gravity defying mammaries. The lactation and pregnancy made her breasts even bigger and juicier. 

The Queen stood up to leave her bedchamber.

*****

Jake's Story

Maya looked regal, stately and incredibly sexy in the beautiful white satin gown revealing a magnificent cleavage. Her pregnancy bump looked proportionate to her ample bosoms. She looked like a fertility goddess. We looked on at her marvelous big round ass moving as she walked out leaving us naked on the bed. Our cocks still dangled openly, glistened with her juices. We were all reluctant to wash it off right away.

I do not take part in the routine debate and discussion among the men about who pleased the Queen the most that night. But the sexual competition among the men is most entertaining to behold. Any other place on earth, men will laugh at us. May be show disgust. Not just men, but women also. The so called civilized world will shun our way of living; eight men competing for one woman's affection. We had her, our one and only wife, Queen and mother of our eight children.

I do not know, like my other seven co-brothers who fathered who. In fact I am the eighth husband. I married Maya only seven months back. Technically I have a 12.5% chance of being the father of the baby growing inside Maya's belly. But I don't care. All other children call me Pa' Jake and I love them. I love my wife and love everything about her. Biological paternity simply did not matter and Salocian law prohibits paternity tests for Queen's children.

I am the only one in Queen Maya's harem not from Queendom of Salocia. The ways of this secretive country is unknown to the world. I have renounced the so called civilized world, to be with the love of my life, even if it meant sharing her with seven other men and staying naked all the time in front of them. As Queen's husbands we are kept in the inner chambers of the Queen's palace forbidden to all other women ensuring our chastity and faithfulness to the Queen; not that it was necessary. Our cocks are not going anywhere else except the depth between her legs.

I know I will always love her and be faithful to her. She will marry more men, I know. But it does not matter. She is and will be always enough for me and my co-brothers. We desire no other woman.

It all started eight months back during a trip to Hawaii. It was a sunny afternoon when I saw a stunning full bodied woman in blue denims and a tight white shirt bent over on a deck of a yacht. She wore a pair of dark blue shades. She was trying to look at a pair of dolphins playing. I stared and stared at her like a creep. There was something about the woman. I was about to find out.

*****

Maya's Story

I cannot deny it nor do I have the intention to. I am probably the luckiest woman on the face of this planet. I am also the owner of the happiest pussy in the world. I am married to eight wonderful men and blessed with eight beautiful children and am expecting the ninth. I am twenty six and very fertile and my hubbies do not show any sign of slowing down. So it is safe to assume I will mother many more offsprings. I am the Queen of Salocia, a beautiful country in a distant corner of the world.

I succeeded my mother the Late Queen Laya. I am her twenty first child and thirteenth and youngest daughter. After my birth, my mother gave birth to two more children, both male. By Salician law, I became the Crown Princess. After my mother reached menopause, I was sent away to a foster home to grow up in the world, as is the custom.

It was a raining that day. My foster family was celebrating my eighteenth birthday. Little did I know that a messenger from Salocia was waiting outside the gate of our suburban home about to deliver news of loss and impending duty; and that my life was about to change... forever.

But to the matter at hand: inspite of my years of experience in diplomacy, I can feel this one is going to difficult. The Queen Talimande is old and she came with her son Prince Talar in the name of the Late King Gelar of Saibodia. I need a truce with the Saibodia badly... an alliance. The southern neighbours are getting more and more aggressive and breaching our borders. I need Saibodia by my side.

*****