 The invitation read:

_________________

You are Invited

To

The Trick or Treat Erotica Ball

Saturday, October 29, 2000

Erotic Costume with mask mandatory. A Limo will call for you at six o'clock p.m.

_________________

Well, I thought. that's strange that there is no address and no indication of the source of the invitation. No RSVP requested? Very cryptic!' Hmmmmm. an erotica ball? That sounds interesting indeed. I looked at the clock and saw that the time was nine a.m. Monday morning. That gave me all week to think about the invitation. Just for fun, I decided to go downtown to see what might be available for a costume, so I called in sick at the office and then called a cab.

The cab driver knew about an exotic/erotic costume shop, so that is where I told him to take me. Knowing my destination must have influenced the cabbie as he kept looking back at me in the rear view mirror. And, if I do say so myself, I am something to look at. I am definitely not one of those skinny, flat chested, fashion models! I am not even fashionably thin. But, at age twenty six, neither am I fat, rather, I am just very pleasantly proportioned and rounded.

My 38 Ds lead the way for my five foot five frame and my rounded but very tight and firm ass brings up the tail, pun intended! I have flaming, naturally red hair, top and bottom, with green eyes and mild freckles. I was wearing a half T and short shorts with ankle boots. No bra and no panties. My nipples were poking hard into the thin material of my T, especially as I noticed the leering looks of the cabbie. So, I gave him a show.

I began to rub my tits over the T with my right hand. My nipples erected even more. Very quickly, my hand was under the T instead of over it and a low whimper escaped my mouth. Almost unconsciously, my left hand was rubbing my pussy, pushing my shorts into my slit. At a stoplight, the cabbie nearly rear ended a semi trailer before he got his eyes back to the road. It did not take long for me to get my hand inside the shorts and fingers into my cunt.

As the cab pulled to the curb in front of the shop, I shuddered into a mild orgasm. I paid the cabbie the fare with my pussy drenched hand, letting him get a big whiff and told him, "Your eyes and nose got the tip," and I exited the cab, shaky on my feet. Although I had a mild orgasm, it was not enough and I was still, so to say, "hot to trot!"

Upon entering the store, I was met by a sweet little college coed 'customer assistant' as she called her self , named Julie. I told her, "I am interested in a pretty far out, very erotic costume for a party. Can you help me?" 

Julie replied, "Certainly," and proceeded to lead me over to a section of the store where the sign said, Exotic Erotica. There, Julie began leading me up an down row upon row of costumes, showing me all sorts of different costumes from cat woman to the devil's assistant; from French maid to belly dancer; from parochial school girl to I dream of Jeannie. The variety of costumes went on and on. I was also getting hotter and hotter as I looked at the possibilities. Julie looked like she was not exactly cool as I caught her glancing at my tits and crotch on numerous occasions as we walked the aisles.

Then, I discovered a costume that struck my fancy. I indicated to Julie that I wanted to try on that one. She pulled the costume and led me to the dressing room. Julie asked, "Would you like some help with that?" 

My reply was a simple, but sexy, "Yes, please!" It took but a moment to step out of my boots, lift the half T off and drop my shorts and there I stood, twin 38s staring Julie straight in the face. Julie did not hesitate, she dived mouth first onto my tits and began devouring my nipples as they swelled.

Now Julie was not lacking in the looks department either. She is Italian American and has jet black hair, deep, hazel eyes, a pair of 36 Cs, and a body to go with all that. Her tight, black slacks were no hindrance to my hand when I grabbed her crotch and used my middle finger with immediate effect. But, I then pushed her shoulders back and said, "I want to try the costume on first, I think it will increase the feelings." 

Reluctantly, Julie agreed and helped me get the costume on. First, I stepped into the extreme wild weasel type thong. It was no more than a string in any of its parts, maybe as wide as my two thumbs right over my pussy hole, so, basically, I had a string in my slit from front to back with a tiny string waist band. With any motion to speak of, the string would be buried out of site in my pussy and butt crack, exposing 99.9% of my labia, both the outer and the inner. This thong was bright red vinyl as was the half jacket with 3/4 sleeves that went on next. 

The back of the jacket fell just short of the bottom of my shoulder blades and came around front to a cut away tux style that exposed 3/4 or more of each breast. There was a four inch, bright yellow band around the bottom edge of the jacket had a matching band at the same level around each sleeve. Bright and skin tight yellow vinyl gloves that did not quite go all the way to the sleeve ends, finished the arms.

The costume was finished off with knee high black, vinyl boots with three inch heels and a bright red and yellow fireman's hat. Oh, there was also a plastic, imitation fire ax that went with the outfit also. Fully into the costume, I stood there and Julie actually drooled. Julie immediately went back to my tits and had them tingling in ten seconds flat. One hand was assisting her mouth on my tits, the other hand was doing it's own thing on my wet pussy.

I had my own hand behind the waistband of her slacks and tried to finger fuck her, but got nowhere. I had run into a tampon and string! Almost immediately, out of nowhere, Julie produced a ten inch, very fat, dildo and proceeded to work it up and down my slit, distracting me from her cunt. "Ohhh, shit," I said. My pussy was flowing like an artesian well, so the dildo slid right in and Julie pushed it in as far as she could get it. I spread my legs some to give her open access and began to moan. 

Julie said, "Shhh! You have to be quiet!"

I stifled more moans and shuddered in orgasm, heaving and gasping. Julie withdrew the dildo and said, "You'd better get wiped off and dress." 

I replied, "What about you?" 

Julie said, "As you discovered, I have a tampon in to keep my pussy juices contained. I have half a shift left and can't afford to have my slacks soaked and showing the wetness. As it is, I probably will have to change the tampon as soon as you leave. My boyfriend will get the full benefit of my pent up desires when I get home." So, Julie helped me out of the costume parts and I got back into my T, shorts, and boots. I told her I would be back in Friday morning to rent the costume for the weekend.

I hailed another cab at the curb and told the driver to take me to the nearest adult entertainment center. That short session with Julie and the dildo had not really put out my fires. I needed something more still. As directed, the cabbie pulled up in front of a large adult store and dropped me off. I went in, paid my exorbitant browser's fee and ...browsed. 

Half an hour later, I picked up a new dildo from myself and a Hustler Barely Legal DVD, #6, to add to my collection and asked to go back to the preview machines, for another exorbitant fee. I put the disk in and chose from the menu to see the modern hippie chick get screwed every which way by the jerk stud (but very well hung jerk stud). While the movie stud was pumping away on the disk, one of the male clerks stuck his head in the booth and asked if everything was ok. I had my tits exposed, rubbing them like mad and my other hand finger fucking my pussy. The clerk's eyes widened and his tongue came out to lick his lips. I said, "don't just stand there ogling, get in here and get it out!" 

Well, "D" for Donald did just that. He slid into the booth and immediately popped out a nice, fat, little seven incher which was standing straight up by the time he got it all the way out. Without preliminaries, he stood me in the corner, dropped my shorts out of the way, pointed his cock at the target and pushed all the way in. I met him, thrust for thrust in a slow tango. When he said he was about to cum, he backed out and had me squat. He put his cock in the valley between my tits and as I squeezed them together, "D" for Donald resumed thrusting. When he started to cum, I grabbed his cock with my mouth and he shot his wad down my throat. As "D" for Donald was zipping back up, I swallowed the last of his cum and said, "Ahhhh, I really needed that!" I retrieved my disk and exited the booth shortly after "D" for Donald had done so.

Upon exiting the preview room, instead of turning left and going to the main sales room, I turned right to investigate some sounds I was hearing. There was one more room further down the hall. Upon looking in the open doorway, I discovered--a "glory hole" room! I was still horny as hell, and out of the seven "glory holes," five were filled with stiff, standing dicks! In keeping with the season, the holes were decorated to look like goblins and ghosts with the hole located right between their painted legs. 

One dick was being serviced. I was down on my knees in front of a big black dick in seconds. I had seen big dicks before, but never had I seen such a monster as this one. Un cut, the helmet popped in and out of the foreskin as I stroked the long shaft. Between my hands and my mouth, I had that big dick squirting real quick. Amazingly, that big black fuck stick stayed hard, deflating only a fraction. I fixed that real quick and then bared my pussy and climbed on! Fucking up against that wall was difficult, but not impossible. Some time passed before that boner could shoot again, but eventually, it did. I uncoupled and pulled some wet wipes from my purse to clean up a bit. I sampled three more erections before I finally left and went up front.

I paid for my disk and dildo and exited the store to call another cab. I 

went home to my second story loft apartment. The rest of the rest of the work week at the office crawled by slowly. I used my lunch hour on Friday to get to the shop to rent the costume and then returned to the office for a very long and tedious Friday afternoon of work and tension.

On the way home, to unwind a bit, I had the cabbie drop me at one of the bars that I frequented on rare occasions as this was one of those no holds barred type bars where anything can and usually does go on until the very wee hours of the next morning. Feeling strung out from work and lonesome, I quickly consumed much more alcohol that I can safely hold and that led to my dance. 

The live band was really thumping the songs out with a beat that shook the rafters. The vibrations were going right into and through me, and I began dancing to the rhythm, harder and harder and yelling, "Trick or treat time!" One of the guys picked me up and placed me on one of the tables and that's all it took. As I danced, voices began to call out, "Take it off, take it off, take it all off." And I started taking it off. 

First to come off to my swaying was the purple blouse. This exposed my lacy black bra that barely contained my 38s with the top half of the nipple showing. Then the shoes and anklets went, in a very sexy and seductive act. More chanting about taking it all off and I unsnapped the front closure bra and flapped the cups back and forth in a long tease before I dropped it to the floor to wild cheers. My tits now bounced and swung to and fro to my rhythmic swaying.

I bent over and grabbed my ankles to swing and swish my slacks covered butt at the crowd all the way around the table. Just as quickly, I stood, unzipped teasingly, and dropped the slacks. More wild cheering rang out as I stood there now, clad only in my tiny string thong. The thong did not quite cover my entire pussy. It left the outside edges of my outer labia fully exposed and made a very clear cameltoe of what it did cover. The rest was mere string up my slit and ass crack and around my waist.

Once again, I bent to grab my ankles and waved my ass all around the room to more wild cheering. Then I stood again and with the band giving me assistance with the proper music, began to do a really sexy bump and grind. My fingers weren't kidding when they rubbed my tits and when they dug into my pussy around the thong. The thong was quickly and obviously soon soaking wet. Finally, I just ripped it off completely and threw it into the crowd of guys around the table, much to their delight.

Now, the pussy juice leaking down onto my thighs was clear for all to see. My eyes were glazed in lust. My tits nearly glowed with heat and my pussy lips actually did glow red from the influx of blood as I grew more and more sexually aroused. Guys were slobbering and drooling. A number had their dicks out and in their hands, stroking in time to my bumping and grinding. I also, blearily, noticed several women in various states of undress and with a helping hand on several dicks in the crowd.

I sat on the table, swishing my legs and scissoring them. Then I laid back onto my back and stuck my legs straight up and out in as big a "V" as I could manage, fully exposing my steaming pussy to all. One of the guys jumped up on the table with me and dived head first into my overflowing pussy and began to lick and suck like there was no tomorrow. Another guy climbed up behind my head with his pants around his ankles and stuck his hard dick in my mouth.

The guy with his tongue in my pussy had me squirming and squirting and I yelled at him, "Fuck me now, stud, NOW!" He dropped his pants to his ankles and brought up an eight inch boner that was very fat. He rubbed it around on my pussy long enough to get it slick and then sank it into my love tunnel a quick, forceful lunge. My pussy rose to meet him, thrust for thrust. Beer was poured over my tits and a guy on either side of me each took a tit and began licking it off. My orgasms rolled back to back for almost ten minutes through all of this. 

The guy fucking me withdrew from my cunt but remained between my legs as more beer was poured on my belly and pussy. The stud then began to clean off the beer as the other guys withdrew and zipped back up tight. Finally, the bartender said, "You two got to get dressed before any cops stick their heads in here to check out the joint." Reluctantly, that is what we did. Although I walked naked, to the rousing cheers of the crowd, and carrying my clothes, to the women's john to rinse off the best I could before getting dressed.

As I came out of the john and back into the bar, a good looking stud walked over to me and as he handed me thirty bucks, he said, "The taxi waiting at the curb is my treat. I really enjoyed the show. Good night." I left the bar, got in the cab, and gave the driver my address. I collapsed in the back seat until the cab pulled up in front of my apartment. Man, I don't know if tomorrow is long enough or not to recoup for the party tomorrow night.

Well, it wasn't. I slept all day and got groggily out of bed at three in the afternoon. I was dressed in costume and ready by 6:45, but still in a half daze. I did call a friend at the fire station near me and managed to borrow a below the knee, scrubbed clean and bright, yellow fireman's turnout coat to cover me until I got to the party. And, it was a cool, October night anyway.

I went to the entrance vestibule to await my ride and promptly at six, a very vintage Rolls or Bentley (I can't tell them apart) pulled to the curb. It sat there at the curb, purring softly as the driver got out and opened the door for a tuxedo clad, real stud to get out and cum to my door. The car was long and heavy looking. The driver's compartment was open behind his windshield, no roof. The long hood stretched out forever in front of him with two huge headlights out front and two big driving lights just above the bumper. The passenger compartment was a Brougham style and huge. It's windows were dark and curtained. The the doors were the suicide type and opened very wide. 

When I got inside, I saw the ultra luxurious appointments for the passengers. Beautiful! The seats, side walls and headliner, were covered with pure, Morocco leather. Ultra plush carpeting would soothe bare toes! Closed, silk, Damask curtains hung from the windows over top the drawn shades. Fresh cut flowers peeked from the cut glass vases on either side of the compartment. Real, burl walnut wood trimmed the doors, seat backs, and other components. A fully stocked mini bar, modern cell phones, and a lap top computer were also in evidence.

The stud said, "Hello, I am Ron and I am to be your door to door escort tonight. Once at our destination, you will be met by someone else. On the ride, please do not open the window curtains." It turned out to be a long, two hour ride to our destination and there was no chance to peek out the window to see where we were at any given time. But Ron was very good at light conversation and, as long as I was interested, effortlessly kept the light talk flowing. He also kept the champaign flowing, very exquisite and very expensive French champaign!

That heavy, rubber turnout coat was very warm. But, since I was all but naked under it, I was reluctant to remove it. Ron, however, said, "Please, let me help you out of that coat. You must be roasting." To my reply that I was nearly naked under it, Ron said, "That's ok, I don't mind looking at a beautiful female, naked or not, and I am under strict instructions not to touch the clients I am escorting. And, you will be removing the coat at the party anyway." So, he helped me out of the coat and then cooly appraised me for the rest of the drive. That had the effect of getting me really horny by the time we arrived at our destination. But it definitely was much, much cooler out of that coat. Amazingly, I relaxed and remained totally unselfconscious of my nakedness under his cool scrutiny. I sat opposite Ron and left my legs spread wide. Just his continued gaze started my pussy juices, I never had to touch myself! Ron was also getting a very large bulge in his pants.

After half hour of sitting quietly under Ron's gaze, I could not take it any more and I asked Ron, "You have instruction not to touch the clients, but do you have any restrictions on touching yourself?" His reply was a curious, "No." I answered his with another question, "How 'bout me touching you?" Ron said, "No stated restrictions there, either, but it was implied not to." Then I said, "Well, I'm really horny now, so I am going to finger fuck myself and if you want to whip out that big bulge in your pants, feel free to do so!"

Without further ceremony, I began to rub my pussy with my left hand and my boobs with my right. I was getting some down right juicy sounds with the motions of my left hand and my middle finger was playing quite a tune inside my hole. Fingering my G-Spot had me tingling to electric sparks coursing up and out from that nerve center.

Ron watched with real lust in his eyes and could stand it no longer. He pulled out a ten or so inch fat fucker of man meat and began to slowly stroke it up and down as he watched me. "You like my pussy, Ron? You like to see my fingers all wet? Do you like the sounds you are hearing?" Ron's reply was to stroke his dick faster and faster. Then he said, "I'm going to blow!" I leaned down and sucked that big cock head into my mouth before he could stop me. I was just in time as Ron immediately pumped a ton of cock cream into my mouth as I swallowed what I could. My orgasm shook the shit out of me as I worked Ron's cock.

Ron then said, "Did you catch all that, William?" From the hidden speakers came a telephone type voice that said, "Yes, Ron, and I blew my wad listening to you two." Ron clicked a hidden switch and said, "That shuts off the intercom to William, the driver. He can call back to us, but can not hear us unless I turn on the two way switch. Too bad the partition between us and him is up, he couldn't see back here." We still had another hour to ride while I sat there, Idly playing with myself.
