 Sally was aware that work had been going on in main room of the Club for several days. She had asked John what was going on and he had told her that it was only some remodeling and modernization of the entertainment center and the sound system. She thought nothing more about it. 

Saturday evening Sally and Mr. John entered the main room and were warmly greeted by a larger than usual crowd. John was nude and Sally wore thigh high hose with black stiletto heeled stretch boots and a black ribbon around her neck and a large black bow on her ponytail. Jo and Pete escorted them to a center table. Sally noticed a large red ring painted on the dance floor. She was about to ask John about it when Pete gave a loud whistle and held his hands up for attention. Jo stood and said, "Tonight we have the introduction of our newest addition to the Club. 'The Chair'. Henceforth known as "Ajax". Mr. John and Miss Sally are going to demonstrate Ajax." John took Sally's hand and they walked to the center of the room. John stopped just outside the red ring on the floor. In a loud voice he said, "Ajax, how are you this evening?"

"Ajax is ready in all respects Mr. John." The mechanical voice seemed to come from above. 

"Ajax, Please lower the chair." A loud beeping noise like a back up signal on a truck sounded and a section of the ceiling opened and a large chair descended from above and stopped at normal chair height. Above the chair about five feet was a circular device from which it was suspended by a metal arm.

Mr. John grinned and said, "Ajax, illuminate the chair, Miss Sally will occupy the chair."

"Good Evening Miss Sally, Please be seated so Ajax can adjust to you." The chair resembled a OBGYN examining chair. John helped Sally into the chair she smiled and said it was comfortable. 

John said, "Ajax, recline chair." The chair back moved back until it was flat. Sally's head was on a head rest. "Ajax, raise back twenty degrees, and head thirty degrees" John smiled at Sally, "Ajax, Spread legs. Elevate knees. A little higher on the knees and wider on the legs. Excellent" John walked to the chair and Sally saw him holding his erection. He rubbed it up and down Sally's slit an pushed it in to her love tunnel. He smiled at Sally and ordered, "Lower ass three inches. Very good." Sally could see everything he was doing. The lighting was very good, not so bright as to seem clinical, but bright enough for everyone to see very well. John thrust in and out of her for several minutes. Sally purred softly. Then he withdrew and walked to the head end of the chair, as he walked he directed the chair lowered and the head rest lowered even more. He directed the head rest lowered more until it was pretty far back and Sally's head was lower than her back. John took his cock and brushed the crown against Sally's lips. She opened her mouth and he put his cock half way in, she reached back and grasped his butt and pulled him until his balls were only inches from her nose. Sally purred louder. He slipped in and out of her mouth. He had the head lowered an inch or two. He backed out and said, "Ajax, Chair back remain in position. Legs spread. Lover's knee pads raised."

John walked to the foot of the chair and kneeled between Sally's legs. He had the knee pads adjusted to his height. He leaned forward and his mouth was at her pussy. He put his thumbs on her outer lips and spread them apart. His tongue traced the length of her wet slit. He licked the outside of her inner lips up and down then inserted his tongue between them. He really loved to kiss her little pussy like that, her could feel the vibration of her purring. John looked at Pete and nodded Pete and two other men took their places by Sally's head and Pete fed Sally his huge cock. One of the other members took her hand and placed it on his penis. Another did the same on the other side. Jo and Ann moved in and began sucking on her nipples as they caressed her breasts. Sally purred very loudly now. Her hips were bucking against John's mouth and tongue. Sally's hands stroked both cocks rapidly, she slurped at Pete's cock, feeling him tremble, she was orgasming almost continuously now. Wave after wave of ecstasy threatened to drown her. Jo was watching her carefully and motioned Pete to pull away from her. Jo pushed Ann away and whispered to John to bring her down slowly. John felt her purring slacken a little and stood and inserted his shaft back inside her. He commanded the chair to raise the back about half way. He had the head rest raised so he could see Sally's face. Her eyes opened and she slowly smiled at him. She shook herself and smiled at the others, "Wow! That is unbelievable! Very comfortable while enjoying lots of loving."

John asked if she wanted to try more different things. Sally asked, "Like what?"

"Well, you can have a double penetration on your belly and have two men positioned so you can masturbate them and suck a third all the while having the whole table vibrate, or there are a hundred variations we could think of."

"Sweetheart, I am happy now, let Jo try it. I do want to know one thing though. Has Leo seen it yet."

"Well I told him about it but he hasn't actually seen it yet. Why don't you run and get him?" John helped Sally down from the chair and she left the room. Leo entered the room wearing a terry robe. Jo was just getting adjusted to the chair. Mr. John grinned at Leo, "Look at this thing, Leo, it will put anyone in exactly the right position for what ever you want to do. Jo smiled at Leo and said, "Come on and try it. Teach him how to adjust it for himself, Mr. John." Mr. John gave Leo a quick check out on the commands. Leo smiled and moved forward dropping his robe. He stopped when he was near Jo's pussy. His cock sprang to attention and was only an inch from her slit. He eased forward until it just touched the pink pussy lips. He grasped his cock and moved it up and down her slit lubricating his cock with her juices. Leo said, "Ajax, Raise backrest and headrest until I say Stop, Go. Stop. Raise only headrest. Go. Stop. Miss Jo, can you see well and are you comfortable now?"

"Oh! Yes it is perfect and comfortable."

He pushed forward a little and saw his penis head slip between Jo's inner lips. He looked at Jo, she smiled and he shoved in a couple of more inches, then drew back out to where the head of his cock was just inside the pussy lips.

He thrust steadily forward and went much deeper. Jo was watching him and smiling. He pushed in further and felt the tip of his cock enter her cervix. He watched her carefully.

She was still smiling and he pushed ahead even further. He felt another pressure on his rod and knew he was at the entrance of her womb. She smiled and he pushed even deeper into her body. He was almost totally inside her now. He slowly pulled back until he was just inside her pussy lips again. He thrust ahead harder and faster and went deep into her womb, his pubes bumped her ass and his balls slapped against her bottom. He looked up and said, "Ajax, Vibration on low. Please." Jo's smile faded for a look of wonder and shock. She said, "That really feels super, will it go faster?"

"Ajax , vibration on medium, Please."

Sally held Jo's hand and looked at her friend, "Is it good ,Dear, I can feel the vibration through your hand. Wow!"

Mr. John watched Leo, The huge black was grinning from ear to ear. He watched as Leo's long ebony phallus slipped out and glistened with Jo's juices, it slammed into the white and pink pussy like a battering ram. Wop, wop, wop, the black pelvis slammed into the white ass. 

Jo was screaming for joy now and Leo slowed his thrusting and just grinned at her. She was being swept with waves of pleasure as she was ravaged by the thick black cock. Jo was yelling words that made no sense, except for 'Yes' and 'More' and 'Harder'.

Leo smiled and asked, "May I cum inside you Miss Sally?"

"Yes, yes, please fill me with your cum. I feel it now , I Do. Oh! Yes I feel it." 

Leo looked at Pete, "Come and put your cock in your wife. Quickly!" Pete took Leo's place and his cock went in to the hilt. His face looked totally surprised as he felt the vibration surge through his cock and spread through his body. He grinned and said, "John, try this." Mr. John moved over and pushed his cock into Jo's pussy. His face lit up with a smile that grew to a grin. "Wonderful, very nice." "Ajax, vibration to low. Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm now to stop."

"Damn, that vibrator is something else. How do you like the 'Chair' Jo, was it good for you?"

"Mr. John, I loved it' I was very comfortable during the whole thing. I was able to just lay back and enjoy what all of you did to me. Leo was, as always, just wonderful, I think the vibration got to him too. I know it about blew my mind. How about it Leo, did the vibration get to you?" 

"Yes it did, dear girl, it was new to me and took me by surprise. It goes right to your core. Very hard to resist it. I would like to get on the chair myself to see how it feels."

"Why hell yes, take a ride Leo. Ajax, adjust for Leo after Miss Jo is off."

Leo sat in the chair. He looked at Mr. John and motioned for him to get in front of him. "Ajax, spread legs 45 degrees. Vibrator to medium."

Leo's cock rose to a full erection. He grinned at Mr. John. John had Ajax adjust the knee pads and took the huge penis in his mouth. He held it for a minute or two with out moving. He removed his head and had Ajax raise the back and lower the legs until Leo was almost in a seated position only with the legs lower and slightly spread. He then grasped the massive shaft and sucked in the bulbous head. He moved his head in and out a dozen times then motioned Jo to take his place. Jo tried it and could only get a little past the head, her hands grasped the shaft behind her hands and stroked the shinny black organ. She pulled off and asked Leo how it felt. He said that the sensation was excellent and that he thought most of the vibration he felt was coming from the person giving head. Probably through the knees.

John agreed and added that the sensation for the sucker seemed to come from the knees and from the chair because the cock being sucked seem to be vibrating on it's own. He wondered out loud how it would feel for a woman to get over Leo and lower herself over Leo's cock. Jo volunteered to try it. Mr. John asked Ajax to configure for a person above the chair. The beeping noise began and a other smaller chair was lowered supported by an arm from the other side. The chair dropped along side the larger chair. Jo mounted the new chair and noticed that the seat was very thin and was open in the center like a toilet seat. The second chair rose and the arm moved it over the first chair. Ajax directed Jo's attention to the right armrest where a joystick was located. Using this stick she could adjust the position of the upper chair up or down, right or left and back and forth. It also could rotate the seat.

The chair then moved so the seat was over Leo's cock, then lowered slightly until it stopped a foot above Leo. Ajax said. "Ajax control now in joystick of upper chair, lower chair has voice override capability."

Jo told Leo she couldn't see that well and for him to guide her down. Leo gave a few commands and Jo felt the head of his cock touch her pussy. Mr. John reminded Jo of the LUBRICATE button in front of the joystick. She pressed the button and felt a warm spray hit her pussy. She squealed in surprise then giggled. She pushed down on the stick and felt Leo's cock slide into her vagina. She lowered herself until she thought it would be about right. She asked Leo if he was happy with it. He said to let him move in and out some and she could readjust then. He began thrusting up into her and she grinned, "Wonderful. Try the vibrator on low. Leo commanded, "Ajax, vibrator on lower chair on low."

"Oh! That's nice! Try medium, Leo."

"Ajax to medium on lower chair vibrator, please."

"Damn, that is very nice, how do you like it Leo?"

"It feels very good. Especially when I shove way up in you. Try turning on your vibrator too. The controller is behind the joystick. Ahaaaa! Damn, that is really something I can not resist that feeling for long, turn it lower if you can."

"I am sorry Leo, I put it on high by accident. That is wild. I am going to try a lever here that says OCCILATE- VERTICAL or HORIZONTAL. WOW! Hang on Leo, how do you like that?"

"Really feels good, can it adjust higher or lower? Oh! Yessss, I see it can, is that on high now? All right, that is unbelievable, it is slower but longer strokes, with that and the vibration it is hard to keep from cumming."

"Leo here comes rotation. Hey! That is really something I never felt before. Shit! That is good." 

Sally and John and the others watched as the chair holding Jo slowly rotated around Leo's big cock. Leo thrust up into her hot wet pussy time after time. Each thrust was a new feeling for both of them. It was delightful and intensely erotic. Jo was vibrating by herself as she had sheet after sheet of joy permeate every membrane of her body. She screamed at the top her lungs and jerked and shuddered. 

"Ajax, Upper chair to off on all sensations. Upper chair to mount, dismount position." Mr. John commanded.

The chair carrying Jo rose off of Leo and straightened up, then moved over and down to the starting spot.

Sally rushed to Jo. She held Jo's face, "Jo, sweetheart, are you alright?"

"Wowie! That was really some ride on all the cock I can handle. I have never felt any thing like that before. I know I'll never walk again." Pete was standing on the other side of Jo with tears funning down his cheeks. He helped her off the chair. She grinned at him, "I can't wait to do it with you, Darling, that will have to wait a little though. I am going to have to rest a few minutes. Damn, that is some contraption. Leo, where are you man?"

"Right here Miss Jo. I never came like that before. Look at me." Leo pointed to his pelvic region, he was covered with a thick layer of white cum. "That thing can make anyone a super lover, if he can hang on long enough. Boy! When that rotation started, and with the oscillations stroking me I lost it. I think I can control it now that I know what to expect. But John, I really enjoyed the spontaneous ejaculation more than any sex I have had controlling myself."

"Really that good?"

"Oh! Yes Sir, Mr. John. Really gives you a good experience, this is going to be a very popular ride. It will have to be very closely supervised so no one gets hurt."

"We can lock out all the high settings or even medium and high settings on all controls, unless an authorized person is present. How would that be?"

"That ought to do it, sir."

"I guess we are going have to start a waiting list. Everyone is going to want to try it. With all the variations a person could try in one session I think we are going to have to set a time limit for each rider. How about ten minutes?"

"Mr. John, I really don't think many guys can last longer than that right now. After a while we may have to increase it more."

"OK, ten minutes it will be for now. I will have to go in the office to set the time and sensation limits. I'll be right back."

Sally said, "Wait for me, John."

When they were alone Sally said, "Darling, Erin was just telling me that her husband had bought a sex chair that did all the things our chair does as far as what you did with me. It doesn't have sensations in it though. She said it was about a hundred dollars at the Adult Book Store. Perhaps we should buy several to take the pressure off of Ajax."

"I'll look into it tomorrow, Sweetie."

"I just want you in our big bed, my lover, I don't need anything else. I love being able to have you roll off of me and snuggle and cuddle with you afterwards, that is one of the best parts of real loving."

"I have to agree with you dear, that is a sex chair, not a loving chair."