 "OK Ara I dare you to give your guy a lap dance." 

"Yes AJ!" Marta laughs. She downs her shot before giving me a hi five and everyone else playing the game laughs with us. Ara smiles and turns to Femi who she kisses on the cheek before standing up in preparation. "So what song am I dancing to?"

It's at times like this that I really appreciate joining salsa. Not only is it fun and a great way to meet girls, (yes that is a valid reason), but people who dance salsa are understandably really fun at parties. Which is how I met Marta and Ara; 2 undeniably gorgeous women in my university's salsa society. They are simultaneously some of my favourite people to go on a night out with and genuinely great friends. Many a house party have devolved into drunken salsa lessons when the three of us move, and conversations always seem to turn sexual (my favourite topic of conversation). This brings us to Ara's birthday party which after many shots, attempting (and failing) to teach a few white girls to whine, has somehow turned into a game of truth or dare. 

Someone suggested she dance to some sensual bachata song (which is quite kinky if you really listen to it, and therefore perfect for Ara) and once prepared Ara began. A chair was produced, and Femi promptly sat in it trying hard not to start laughing. Ara quickly changed that, whispering in his ear something that seemed to switch his mood from laughter to unrestrained anticipation quick. Interesting. She turned to face her audience and did a slow slut drop, to all our cheers and applause as the music picked up. 

To Femi's obvious delight she leans forward in front of him bending over slowly giving him a full view of her ample cleavage. Her arms wrap around his neck and his eyes widen in surprise as she licks his neck. Her red lips leaving a mark against his dark skin. His hands moved to her waist and without breaking eye contact she took his hands and slid them down from her waist to her ass. "Woooh Ara!! I'm so proud of you!" Marta shouts. 

We all cheer along with Marta as Ara moves to slide into his lap to begin the lap dance in earnest. The girl says she can't whine, yet she has the confidence of a woman who knows she's hot making every body roll and hip gyration mesmerizing to both the guys and a couple of girls in the room. Her clothes only emphasised every soft curve of her body and when she turned on her Nala eyes (you KNOW the look I mean) ... I swear I heard "Damn," whispered across the room. 

Still laughing Marta turns to me, "I taught that girl everything she knows." I reply to this by putting as much pride and sarcasm in my voice as I can, "Our little girl has become a woman." Eventually the music came to an end. Ara gave a bow to her cheering audience before settling herself back down on Femi's lap. His arms immediately wrap around her, before kissing the top of her hair with a smile. Marta chimes in again, "Femi I think after that performance... you need to return the favour."

"Do you want me to?" He asks looking directly at Ara. "Nah, you're a good dancer in the club, but for a lap dance... you don't have my skills." Femi smirks and pokes her in the side "You know I do. Do you want me to bring up the last time I gave you a lap dance?". She laughs this off, but her face is blushing. " Well now we've got to see this lap dance," Marta says. "In fact, since a lot of salsa people are here we should have all the guys give her a dance. The perfect gift". I laugh saying I'm down and a few other guys agree. We sort out the order of dances with Femi and I going last, but we decide to work out something special.

With Ara seated in the chair receiving her first lap dance, we quickly borrow ties and blazers from someone's room. When ready I have 'Fuck you all the time' by Jeremih play in the background and start off with the most cheesy and relevant declaration I can think of. "Some 50 Shades of Grey for the birthday girl!". The room cheers. Looking her straight in the eyes struggling to look serious, I guide her hands from my stomach up my chest to my neck and get her to take off my tie which I then use to tie her hands behind the chair. With a final knot I step away leaving her body open, exposed, unable to escape. She's a little bit nervous now. I can tell from the furtive glances around the room and her hands continually pulling against the tie. Testing it. But the tie doesn't give. She knows it's just a game. But part of her, that irrational part of her brain is whispering she's trapped, she's surrounded by an audience and she can't get away. The sadistic side of me enjoys this. She's now ready for the main attraction. 

Femi slowly walks up to her, grabs her face with both hands and kisses her hard. They break apart and Ara giggles at him "That's not a lap dance." Still holding her face, Femi stops smiling and stares down at her something new building in his eyes. "For once shut the fuck up. You're going to enjoy this." He kisses her again. Harder than before. Hungrier than before, biting her lip, a hand on her neck, leaving her breathless and gasping. Those hands slide down her body. He leans over her, a hand gripping each thigh and uses his lips to trace hot kisses down her neck, across her collarbone and back up her neck, her eyes closed in obvious enjoyment. 

The small surrounding crowd cheers as Femi slides into Ara's lap and begins a slow grind, his hands roaming all over her body brushing over her breasts, her ass, her thighs, making her increasingly aware of every part of her body, but increasingly oblivious to her surroundings. Marta is standing next to me now. Femi's hand is underneath her top. The music eventually stops. He's on his knees and her stomach is fully exposed to him. I see slight bite marks. By now most people are feeling tipsy and kind of turned on. No one looks away from the couple. No one says anything. 

The top is off completely now, Ara struggles against her bondage in frustration. Marta whispers in my ear, "Do you think they're going to keep going?" I look at them, Ara has freed her hands and is unbuttoning Femi's shirt, his hands are currently stroking her thighs and her butt gradually getting closer and closer to her crotch, both seemingly forgotten where they are, or more likely they simply no longer cared..." Yeah, I think they might."

The alcohol had me feeling warm and relaxed, i drank in the sight of the couple before me when I felt Marta's body lean into me. "Look," she whispered nodding towards the rest of the room. Pulling my eyes up from the spectacle I looked around and saw an even greater one was developing. 

Around the room various couples had begun openly groping each other. Some hands were on breasts, while others were rubbing groins through trousers, I saw at least one hand up a skirt, and the sound of suppressed moaning started to fill the room. I felt myself getting hard and looking down at Marta again I heard her own breathing start to get heavier. Almost without thinking I started to rub the back of her hand slowly. Without taking her eyes off the show she manoeuvred herself directly in front of me and began to slowly grind into me while my arms wrapped around her, my hand now purposefully stroking her thighs. 

She slowly turned her head to look back at me biting her lip, eyes starting to glaze over, "You can touch me, but we're not going to fuck so behave yourself." I simply nod, too engrossed in her body to give any more of an answer. She shook her head and gave a small laugh and then a slight moan as my exploring hands brushed against her nipples through her top while my lips went to her neck. Her hand went to mine and pressed it harder against her breasts while her other hand went underneath her skirt to rub between her legs. A loud "FUCK!!" sounded nearby. 

Ara's leggings had disappeared along with her panties, and Femi's head was between her legs. She sighed and moaned and forced his head harder against her cunt. This blatant sexual display seemed to be a signal around the room to escalate things further.

It's also at this point that Marta stepped away to my slight disappointment before smiling and giving me a long kiss on the lips.

"That was fun, but there's a guy on the other side of the room that I've been flirting with all week. So, I'll be over there. You should go get with Lara. She's been giving you eyes all night. And she's hot." 

With a raised eyebrow and a smile, she carefully moved across the growing orgy to the sofa where her target for the night had been unconsciously rubbing his groin. She slid into his lap and kissed him better than he had ever been kissed in his life. When they paused to catch a breath, his eyes had already glazed over with want. 

Not bothering to hide my growing erection I followed Marta's advice and moved towards to the kitchen where i had last seen her to get with Lara.

Lara was leaning against the counter thick brown lips partially open as she stared at the increasing erotic display in front of her. Her curly afro was currently kept in a ponytail and her legs was squirming in arousal. I looked at her, she looked at me and then my lips were on hers. Then they were on the dark chocolate skin of her neck, and fuck she smelt good. My hands went to her waist then to her big ass and up the curve of her back. We kissed each other desperately, losing our senses, our desires taking over. In that moment she was the sexiest thing I had ever seen and fuck it I wanted her to be mine. 

I was hard, and it was beginning to hurt in my trousers. Her hand went to feel it and squeeze it through the material which made it so much better and so much worse. But if I was going to do this I needed to do this right. So I turned her around so she was facing the wall. Grinding into her I kissed the back of her neck and put 2 of my fingers in her mouth. She sucked them as if it was my cock, her tongue licking making moaning sounds for no apparent reason and it took all my will not to start ripping her clothes off right there and then. I used my other free hand to unbutton her leggings giving me access to her underwear. Gently biting and sucking her neck and shoulders now I used my wet fingers to start rubbing her covered pussy. To my surprise she was already wet, her pussy juices causing a stain on her panties.

"You're already wet," I whispered into her ear. "Watching Ara and Femi, turned you on immensely." 

"Good." 

"Keep watching."

Moving around to face her I began to pull her leggings down exposing her black lacy panties. One of her hands shot down to grab my arm, but I just looked back at her calmly. The nervousness was clearly written across her face, but so was the want and excitement from the situation. Her dark skin somehow finding a way to flush bright red. 

One of my hands stayed on her leggings but the other hand went to grab the tight curls of her hair pulling back ever so slightly, not enough to hurt but enough for her to feel it. I look her directly in the eyes.

"I'm not going to do anything you don't want me to. But you are the most gorgeous woman I've ever met and I'm going to go down on you right now, right here. If you don't want me to tell me to stop, and I promise I will." We stand there in tense silence for a few minutes, my eyes never leaving her face. She glances around furtively for a minute tries to say something before lucking her lips giving an eager smile and an enthusiastic nod.

"Are you sure?"

"Yes I am."

"Then take them off."

Keeping eye contact she slowly takes off the rest of her leggings. I smile and lift her ass onto the edge of the kitchen counter. Getting on my knees I began kissing and sucking the inside of her thighs. I slowly work my way down leaving a hot and wet trail all the way down to her panties.

"Haah Mmmm," She starts massaging my head. I start licking and sucking the skin between her thigh and her pussy teasing her without touching the outer licks. "Mmm. That's nice." My tongue gives a long-wet lick over her panty covered pussy. I start licking and sucking in earnest getting her panties wetter feeling her grow in frustration. Her hands trying to grind my face against her. "Haaah, hah, mmmhh!!" I pull back and start again on her right thigh sucking and biting down her skin, building anticipation as the heat from her pussy grew. Sensing that she'd had enough teasing, my lips drew out one of her pussy lips and began to suck and nibble it directly. "MMmmhh! Yeah." 

The direct contact caused her lips to gush and her eyes to close as she enjoyed the sensations i was giving her. Removing her panties completely I stared at her fully exposed dark pussy lips, her clit poking out for attention. Then I dove in. Licking slowly up and down her pussy, around the entrance, sucking and nibbling her lips I made her squirm on the kitchen counter. I always kept just short of licking her clit, licking around it while one of her hands continued to massage my head and the other massaged her breasts underneath her top.

"MMMmmh oh yeah, yeah that feels good, fuck stop teasing me."

"Ohhhhhh mmm." Her gasps and moans came out in barely suppressed whispers. Still trying to keep quiet despite her surroundings.

" OOOHH, Yeah!" I slid two fingers in and out of her dripping pussy while my tongue finally started paying attention to her clit licking up and down following the tiny motions of her body as it told me exactly how she wanted it. "MmMMHH!! OHhh...fuck." 

Gripping my face with both hands now she ground her clit against my tongue, leaving me struggling to breathe but not daring to come up for air now i had her in this state. I loved it, my ego got off on this. The knowledge that i could drive a woman to this state. Almost as good as the actual sex itself. But not really. After a while i felt her near her orgasm. 

"OOHhhh, oh fuck...fuck, haah oooHhHHH. That Feeels good...haaaAaAh." Her thighs started trembling and her pussy suddenly flooded with a clench around my fingers. Not stopping i rode the wave with her, my tongue stimulating her clit and my fingers moving in her cunt as jolts spasmed through body, leaving her gasping and content. " OooooHHh, fff don hahh, haaah hah." She eventually pulled my head up from her pussy and gave me a long kiss before pulling me away and giggling. 

"Fuck you're good at that."

" I know."

Still breathing heavy, her hand reached down to unbutton my trousers and free my dick which although softened quickly came back to life under her ministrations. "It's your turn." We quickly changed places and i watched with pure desire as her hot mouth slowly engulfed my dick inch by inch keeping eye contact the whole time. Fuck it was hot. I used this time to look at our surroundings.

Lara needn't have worried about others as everyone seemed to have lost most major item of clothing by this point.

Ara and Femi now both completely naked had switched places on the chair with Femi sitting down and Ara on top already deep in the process of riding his dick with enthusiasm. From my view i could see his hands squeezing her light brown ass controlling her motion so they fucked in a slow intense grind staring at each other in between intense bouts of kissing. 

"Happy Birthday B"

"Mmmh thanks for the lovely gift. Mmmh FUCK hah you..feel so good when you're fucking me."

"Yeah?"

She nods biting down into his shoulder.

"O HHHhhh fuck yeah!"

"I should be thanking you. OH SHIT haah. Never thought we'd go through with this," he says with a short laugh. Ara giggled in reply

" MmmMMh..haha blame the alcohol. But..fuck..its worked out fine..OOOhhh." 

Femi begins picking up the pace, arms wrapped tight around her to somehow try and get himself even deeper inside of her. Ara holds on to him to as her legs start to tremble.

"Hah oh fuck shit..does..does knowing they're watching you turn you on?"

"MmHmmm!" She holds on tighter as a wave of orgasm approaches.

"OH FUCK I'm Cumming."

"ME TOO haah!" They hold each other tightly as they spasm repeatedly against each other, Ara's continuing after Femi slumps. Gasping they get off each other and Femi takes off his condom. They retreat to the nearest sofa and become spectators to Marta with her victim. (You might be wondering why i keep referring to him as a victim. If you'd seen her in the club you'd understand. In general she's a saint. But in the club/party...with alcohol...different story.)

They were one of the few with most of their clothes still on at this point. Marta's skirt was hiked up exposing she was no longer wearing panties and her ethnically ambiguous butt was sitting firmly on his face grinding all over it. His jeans and boxers had been pulled down past his butt and she was alternating between sucking and stroking his cock. She looked gorgeous.

"Mmmmhhh fuck that feels good. Do you like that, do you like making me feel good? Haah take my clit in your mouth... OHhhh just like that." Her eyes closed in pleasure she started to talk dirty to the boy under her. He was clearly loving it, thrusting his dick into her hand as if he was trying to fuck it. Giggling she leaned forward and let her saliva dribble down onto the head of his dick. "MMMHHH!!" He groaned underneath his groin jolting upward. Biting her lip in response she began to pump his cock even faster using her spit as lubricant. Fuck...He was completely under her control. Then she stopped. "Did I tell you to stop? If you want to me to continue you better keep licking. And for added incentive. If you get me off in the next 5 minutes ... You can cum in my mouth." Newly invigorated her victim returned to his task with enthusiasm.

He grabbed both her ass cheeks and pulled down trying desperately to get his tongue further into her pussy. Nasty sounds of sucking, licking and slurping all around her pussy started to emanate from his occupied mouth. Marta kept her body taught, eyes closed in concentration trying to savour all the pleasure her boytoy was attempting to give her. Her hand however only lightly touched his dick. Her fingers teasing his head, lightly squeezing his balls, giving the occasional pump before going right back to touching. This was driving her victim mas as his dick struggled to get more contact from Marta thrusting wildly in the air leaking a bead of precum. Marta took a firm grip and quickly licked off the bead before engulfing his dick in her mouth once more as far as she could take it. Then she came up for air and went back to lightly touching his dick with her nails and fingertips. This was driving the boy mad. Under the muffles of Marta's cunt, I think I heard him begging. "Plea... fu...se.. mor... Need. Fuc ... Slurp ... mmpleas...huuhteasing...sto...grr..mmm..slurp." Marta merely chuckled to herself a sadistic grin on her face and said "2 minutes left." 

"MMease...ff...ye...miss."

The dude manoeuvred her waist to get her lower body in a better angle. His fingers went to spread her wet pussy and blew gently against her clit causing a sudden spasm through her body. My guy carefully and deliberately licked from the bottom of her pussy all the way to just before her clit. Licking around it he enclosed it with his lips and began attacking it, licking it wildly in multiple directions while maintaining a gentle a suction. There was messy saliva dripping from his mouth and mixing with her cunt juices onto his chest. It was a mess, one of the hottest messes I'd ever seen. Feeling my response to this, Lara began to bob her head up and down harder against my cock, trying to take me into her throat, slightly gagging but never giving up. Marta had an immediate response her treatment, mini jolts rocking though her body causing her to grip on to his cock to tighten and began slowly jacking it again.

Feeling her response her victim began servicing her pussy with a near demented fervour licking, and sicking, fingering and nibbling her clit, her pussy lips, the noise overshadowed almost all others in the room. Marta began trembling, a vibration spreading from her core to the rest of her, her mouth hung open as she prepared for the wave about to crash through her.
