 Samantha:

Oh, God the guilt.

'I told you last week, I'm off for dinner with the team. Don't you ever listen?!' I hissed venomously at him on my cell. 

'I just don't remember you mentioning it at all...' trailed his reply. 'Don't worry, no need to rush back, nothing special to get back home for'. He sounded disappointed.

I'd left my loving husband in bed that Monday morning sporting quite a determined semi-erection with my usual 'It'll have to wait...' brush off. And I guess he took that as a promise rather than the lack of will on my part to do anything with it.

Quite honestly, I really didn't give a flying fuck about him and what he needed sexually any longer. Why? It's not that he isn't a good man, quite the contrary. On most counts he is exactly what most women would want in a husband. He's hard working, good businessman, does more than his share around the house and is generally a pretty interesting host and friend to those who know us. He tries to keep in reasonable shape and for a man rising 50, he hasn't done badly.

In bed? After over a decade of marriage things had got a bit stale. Occasionally the stars would align and it would be pretty darn good, sometimes pretty hardcore and sometimes pretty ordinary. If we did get it right we were both pretty adventurous, but you know how life is, too busy, too many things on our minds and so too often one or the other of us was just not in the mood. 

John:

Bloody hell. Either my memory is going or hers is. I don't remember anything to do with this and it ain't on her calendar. The kids are out until 9 and we have the house to ourselves. I was so up for a bit of fun straight after work. Damn and blast her 'team'. We could have had a couple of hours no problem and instead, what?

She looked so good going to work this morning, hottest manager in that office that's for sure. I even put off cracking one out while she was in the shower this morning to save myself for tonight. 

I don't know what's the matter with her at the moment. I'm doing all the shit she asks around the place, she wants for nothing, I'm looking after myself and fuck I am so up for it, it hurts. What is it since we last had a decent fuck? It's months. Half the trouble is she is never in. What, between work and the 'essential' gym, girls' nights and trips to hairdressers and beauticians, yes she looks great, but that's about as close as I am getting right now.

Samantha:

Ok, so guilt is there, but as soon as I have made my excuses and re-focus on why I am making them, that devilish, selfish grin creeps across my face. I'm off to have something I discovered a few months ago, and to be quite honest I'm not going to give up any time soon. A great big, thick, hard cock.

I work as a manager of a reception area of a big office and it's my job to see everyone who comes through the place. And they see me. 42 years old, 5'7" before I slipped heals on, and not being arrogant despite how it sounds, I am hot - long blonde hair, mid-size tits, great ass and the gym maintained figure ensured the DNA was used to its best advantage. I honestly think I'm better looking now than when I was younger and the attention I get seems to back that up.

A couple of years ago someone described me as a MILF and I didn't know what they meant. I just about died of embarrassment when it was explained to me. How didn't I know this stuff?

Easy. I had been a 'nice' girl and then wife to John. I'd had just three cocks up my now shaven pussy including my husband, and if you must know, just his up my ass. A few more details. I love giving head, happy to swallow if required. A finger up my ass when I'm being fucked just adds to the speed I can orgasm, which I do frequently. I love tasting my own juices from finger or cock and when I masturbate, which I do often and always have, imagining all sorts of scenarios.

In part this is where I started to get curious about what else was out there. I'm not a prude and do use porn from time to time. Of course in the good old 90's it was pretty homely stuff, regular fucking and sucking. But as we all know now, you can get anything online now. I stumbled across some stuff my husband had been browsing a couple of years ago and jeez, it was unreal. 

Group sex was the first thing that pushed my buttons. Suddenly tasting myself could be me tasting another woman or my juices on another man's cock just pulled out of my sopping pussy; a finger up my ass could be two cocks at once, and then my submissive side came out. I played with myself imagining I was being taken by several men, cum dripping from my abused pussy, covering my tits and then even having another gorgeous submissive girl clean it all off me. Even thinking about it gets me horny.

And then it was the size of the cocks. I was watching these tiny pussy's and even assholes being filled with these guys who were so well hung. I had no idea how that must have felt. My husband is, like my previous lovers, just about average in that department. No complaints had really ever entered my head as he was easy to accommodate and comfortable inside me, never any pain. 

Trouble was after I had kids, well as happens, it wasn't quite as tight and I'm not sure it was ever quite the same for either of us. I noticed that he looked for anal more often or at least a finger up my butthole to tighten me up a little out front. It was good for me! But now I was looking at pictures and video of guys who I wasn't sure I could even get inside me. 

My juices ran at the idea of it and in time larger and larger things found their way up my pussy as my mind ran riot at the thought of a huge cock taking its pleasure with me. I'm sure my unthinking husband never queried why there was a range of candles in the bedroom that never got lit. Shampoo bottles in the shower must have looked like the shelf of an adult store to any eye that cared to check them out a little more carefully. I have to say I got off more than once after lending one of them to a gal pal or friends wife who might be staying over, thinking of them using these bottles that the day before might have been shoved deep in my soaking vagina. Better still was imagining them ramming them up their own slits not knowing my juices still coated the bottle. Am I really that naughty?

John:

So I guess she thinks that I'm not pissed at this behaviour. I didn't get married to such a hot wife to never get any. While I still have a sex drive worthy of the name I want and need to use it. I've got to say, I am starting to wonder - her behaviour has been different for about 9 months now and that is coinciding with the lack of action in the bedroom.

I hate being suspicious but really, this is beyond a joke. I managed to get a hand on her pussy in bed this morning and holy crap, smooth as silk. I wanted to get straight at it but brushed off wouldn't begin to describe it. Not enough time she said, but time for an hour and a half to get ready for fucking work.

The bald pussy has been playing on my mind all day. Apart from the fact I want to see it, eat it and fuck it, given we haven't fucked properly in months, why is she keeping it like that? She always said a bit of length was more comfortable didn't she? Christ, this is doing my nut in. I just want to get on with my life and my heart is going like a bloody teenager again. 

Samantha: 

Being hit on is something that us girls get used to. Some cave in, some just brush it off. A year ago I changed camps in that regard. John had been busy on a project for months and was a bit of a basket case with it, stressed out and tired and only able to think about work. Jesus he was boring. There was nothing from him for me beyond a housemate.

I'd never thought of an affair before or even making my sex fantasies anything real. And then bang, a sometime work colleague starts being super friendly. A few years younger than me, we start chatting over lunch and getting beyond the professional relationship. We were on a small project that involved us working together one day a week when he came into my office. He was married, an army reservist and physically fit as they come. 

I started noticing his physique, then commenting on it and taking far too much of an interest in him and his life. I compared him to home and in that regard this was a breath of fresh air. I noticed he was increasingly interested in me and looking back he was obviously sounding me out. How was my marriage? Grumble, grumble. How was his? Much the same. We started creating reasons to get together, both at work and outside of it. John didn't bat an eyelid as it was easier for him if I was out. Less for him to worry about.

Then there was the inevitable 'drinks'. A couple loosened both of our tongues and emboldened us. I gave him just as much of a hint as I could that I didn't want to get out of my marriage or him his, but that he might like to thrill me just a little bit more. Even with a couple of days gone by, the thrill didn't lessen. And with his wife believing he was away training and me 'visiting parents out of town' we ended up in a hotel together.

I can't say I was sure, but he took his chance and pressed on despite my having doubts. There I was, sat in the edge of the bed, dressed to kill and shit-scared. He stood up in front of me, pulled off his shirt to reveal that rock hard torso I had glimpsed and pictured. Then he undid his zip and moved forward a foot. I was staring at a huge lump in his trousers. Surely, it couldn't be...?

I reached forward and grabbed his waistband, about to submit. As I undid the button and started to pull his jeans down. Out 'fell', and fall it did, the biggest cock I had ever seen. All guilt left me as I became the porn star I had seen so often online. It must have been eight inches and I couldn't get my hand around it. The head was wider again and what a job to get even that into my eager mouth.

What followed was not making love. I reckon he figured that if this was going to be a one off he was going to make it count. I was well and truly fucked. That huge cock ripped through my pussy in a way I couldn't have dreamt of. I loved it – like doing it as a teenager with his incredible stamina, brute strength and the way he poured forth a load of filthy talk. In everyday life nobody would ever call me a slut or whore, use words like cunt and demand that I suck their cock or spread my ass cheeks. It all just made me cum harder and harder.

Two hours later his cum dribbled from by stretched and swollen pussy, another load had spilled from my mouth onto my tits, the nipples red and sore from the intensity of the biting and grabbing. I must have cum five or six times. I looked a mess. I smiled at my own reflection. 

After dinner and drinks, I was taken again. This time he massaged me first, rubbing me down with oils. I knew where this would lead and sure enough, a short while later he had forced my ass open far enough with a vigorous fingering that his huge cock was able to fit in. I think I would rather have been on all fours for this, but he insisted I was on my back and staring at him. His taunting about taking my ass that was my husbands' only, making me admit to his face how much it turned me on, how much I loved it more than with my husband and how much of dirty slut I was, just added to the absolute power he had over me at that moment.

I awoke in the morning and felt utterly wrecked. Not emotionally but physically. The feeling was incredible. I slid my hands down to my ass and pussy. A finger easily entered my stretched asshole, swiping around in the cum, oil and sweat that remained. My pussy was on fire, so sensitive. I woke him with my mouth on his filthy used cock, my final admission of my status in this matter. His last load of the weekend would be down my throat.

It is amazing what you can do with make-up and an indifferent attitude. I looked fine when I got home, though I knew my husband could sense something up. I blamed the traffic on the way home and said I just needed an early night to sleep off the long journey. Shit, if he had seen my naked body, even an idiot would have noticed my smashed pussy and swollen nipples and ass. A few days later and all was back to normal. I granted him a 'quickie' and then back to indifference. It was so different to the weekend.

My army lover and I managed a few more rendezvous'. I heard his wife had gotten pregnant, so clearly they weren't as distant as perhaps they might have been, and I suggested he should do the right thing and end our meets for her sake. Kids make a difference eh? Thing was, I had broken the seal now and other interest was already coming...

John:

I need to start going through her stuff, try and understand her a little more. I know I shouldn't, but if I can find what is bothering her or how she feels, then maybe we can improve life around the house.

I'll have a look at her iPad – she seems to be on it a lot. She hasn't linked her messages to it and there are a few apps missing. I think I will just add them on for her. Easy to do. 

Woah, look at all these messages from this guy. Who the fuck is he? Jason... And where this team meeting is must be at his place judging from the invite over at 10am this morning...

That 30 minutes was an enlightening experience.

I don't recognise the woman in these messages, but it is my wife in the pictures she has sent him. I now know why her pussy is bald and I know he likes it. And it is not just him. There are two others, Mark and Ben, she is having close 'chats' with – this explains a lot.

My heart is racing. I don't understand how she could do this. Trouble is, the more I read, the more turned on I'm getting. I want to see her with them. What is happening...?

An idea. I send some messages out to the guys, provocative, drawing them in. Let's see how far she has gone. I send the first few and already I'm getting replies. 

To Mark – 'How's it going big guy?'

Reply – 'Good Hun. You feeling horny then?'

'What makes you say that lover'

'It's the only time I ever hear from you, when you want some big cock – true?'

'Okay you got me. It's been too long. I need it BAD'

'Too long? You are a horny bitch. Last Thursday was not even a week! I thought that session would have sorted you for weeks! You are such a slut. And you married too... naughty girl. LOL.' 

'The thought of being your cheating slut gets me wet. Tell me what you want and when...'

'Is there anything we haven't done or are you learning new tricks from somewhere else? I'm pretty sure a hotwife like you needs more than one cock. Perhaps that is it...more than one cock!'

'Don't tease so – you know much that turns me on don't you????'

'How many you want then? Two? Three? Make you airtight would be fun! I can organise some boys if you want...'

'Big like you or smaller for my smaller holes? Be kind'

'Fuck that – you know you need them big and you can take them in every hole no matter what the size. That husband of yours must have noticed you didn't sit down for a couple of days after the last fucking I gave you up that gorgeous married ass of yours?' 

That was a bit of a low blow. Suddenly I realised I was part of this game, even though I knew nothing about it. It was part of their play.

'So I like cock up my ass, doesn't every girl?'

'Not every girl – just the sluts like you. The next time you see me, I suggest you are well lubed-up that back passage of yours as I am going to give it some extra special treatment...'

A plan began to hatch in my head.

'Oh yes please!! Are you free tomorrow night about 8pm. Come to mine – he's away in the morning. Gotta go for now, but be sure to be here. Walk down so the neighbours don't see – let yourself in. I'll shave and lube just for you.'

To Ben – 'Any free time soon Ben?'

'For you sexy, anytime. What you got in mind?'

By now I was guessing that my wife was up for anything these guys could offer but hey, in for penny, I thought I may as well verify it.

'I think you deserve a treat – what is your favourite thing we do? I'll do anything for you...'

And checking if she was consistent in choice '...and that big cock of yours'

'What, this little old thing' and there was a picture – fuck he was huge! 

On a hunch, I quickly flicked into her pictures folder and sure enough, buried in there were a whole raft of pictures of guys, I would estimate perhaps 5 or 6 different ones, all showing their big cocks. There was some general porn shots of different positions and perversions and then the inevitable selfies of her. She had kept her face off them but I knew the body, the tits, the pussy and the ass on display. I quickly picked a pussy one with her fingers jammed up it and forwarded to him. 

'I'd rather have that little old thing than my soaking wet fingers – pick a hole, or two'

'How about you bring a friend and I get to choose a hole or four?'

I fired off a pic of two women sucking a huge cock from the net. 'This?'

Awaiting the reply, I delved further into the photos. An album called 'action shots' wasn't unreasonably titled. This had pictures clearly taken during the infidelity act with each of them. Variously these were obscene shots of her being face-fucked, her pussy and ass filled with cock, dildos, candles, and almost anything else that would fit and then a bunch of shots with her covered in cum. I particularly liked the degrading facial shots, knowing how much care she took over her appearance. This really was the ultimate submissiveness for her.

Ping. The reply. 'This.' Attached was a porno picture of a woman not unlike my wife in hair colour and shape being fucked up the ass with a huge cock, her face buried in a young brunettes' pussy.

'Fuck that is so hot – I'd love it. Who do we get? You got someone willing'

'You know that is your job slut. What about that new thing in your office? Sophie. I'd love to have a ride on that. I reckon I could break her'

'Would you fuck her in front of me? I'd love to see you do her and open her ass up like you do mine. I'd so like to get her wet for you Ben. We have so got to sort this...! Pretty please'

'Dirty bitch. I wouldn't just fuck her up the ass, but I'd make you clean me up after with your mouth. You know the rules, you don't get to say no, so are you sure?'

This was getting pretty intense. This guy really was dominating her. He was telling her to do his bidding and judging by the way it went, he wasn't used to any resistance.

'Anything for you. Always. My mouth, pussy and ass are yours to do what you want to. You know that.'

'I want more' Another picture. From the same set, this time the blonde on her back with the skinny brunette the other way around with her pussy above the blondes' mouth, the guys' huge cock withdrawing from the brunette with cum spewing out of her and a big dollop falling onto the waiting extended tongue of the blonde. 'This – sort it.'

'I hope it's okay with you Ben, but I've got my fingers buried in my cunt right now thinking about it. You need to come and make me cum – we can talk about it some more with that big cock of yours buried in me. Can you come around tomorrow just after 8pm. Walk down to mine and just come in. He's away – need to keep head down until then. Can't wait to see you and yours...xxx'

I copied the messages and photos to my phone and then deleted them all from hers.

Samantha:

I needed that. A weekend at home always feels so confining nowadays. I sneak away whenever I can to text my lovers and play with myself. It is like I am in some incredibly heightened sexual state at almost all times, but more so when I have a 'date' lined up like I did for tonight. 

A slow drive back from Jason's with my pussy full of his cum and barely able to keep my fingers from my clit gives me time to turn from cheating slut into professional, respectable married woman. At first when I started meeting up with other guys to fuck – it's nothing else really – I used to worry about covering up the 'mess'. But, truth be told, it wasn't hard. John didn't push too hard as to where I'd been and what I'd been doing. 
