 "Sammy! We're home," I moaned a great deal louder than expected.

Turning into the driveway, I slowed the car to a halt and Sammy popped her head straight up. Putting my erection down my pant leg I exited the car and Sammy bounced away inside ahead of me. I was staring at her size 14 butt as she bounced her way inside and I thought to myself, 'tonight is going to be fun.' before following her inside.

"How much does fucking me mean again?" Sam asked playfully as she unbuttoned her shirt with her back to me. 

"Alot," I responded as I wrapped my arms around her waist from behind. I kissed her neck and took her hands away from her shirt and she spun on her heel to kiss me.

"Sabrina is crashing here this weekend by the way," Sammy whispered as she popped the button on my pants.

"Fine by me," I replied with an exasperated look on my face, while cheering on the inside. 

"Don't worry," Sam whispered into my ear, "We'll have sexy pillowfights."

I actually laughed out loud and unbuttoned the last three buttons on Sammy's shirt. The shirt fell off her shoulders and she dropped my pants. I was still commando from the earlier session with Nina, so the nine inch erection sprung out in front of me. "Sexy lingerie pillowfights?" I asked hopefully.

Sam kissed my mouth and pulled my shirt off. "If you're lucky. Sabrina might not want to. It might have to be naked pillowfights." She kissed me softly and added, "But if you're set on lingerie..." I gave her butt a nice smack and she chirped, "Hey! No!"

I furrowed my brow, "But I fucked Nina."

She gave me her sexy smile and said, "Not till I see it."

I unhooked her bra and she tossed it into her bedroom. I put my hands on her waist and ran my hands up her sides until I cupped her supple breasts, her nipples poking my hands. Sam stifled a moan and rolled her eyes back, "I'm horny enough at the moment." She grabbed my cock and started stroking it, "You are too." She pulled away and tossed her skirt into her doorway, showing her blue panties as she skipped into my bedroom. I tossed my shirt and followed her. 

Sam had gotten under my blankets and I could only see her pretty little face. Her eyes scanned me from head to toe and she bit her lip before asking, "Can you show me?"

I smiled and replied, "First one first?"

"Yeah," she replied with an obvious tone. I kept smiling and sat at my laptop briefly to cue the first video, which started with my tossing Nina onto the bed.

I sat on the bed and asked, "Do you mind if I join you?" 

Sam had her eyes glued to the screen and watched Nina throw her shirt to the floor. "Yes. But you can't touch me." I got under the covers and felt a hot little hand grab my cock. "Not until I say so anyway," she added, intently staring at Nina's physique. A smile cracked on her face as Nina stripped me off on the screen and a giggle escaped her as Nina pulled my cock out. "She's shitting herself!" Sam laughed and her knee touched my thigh. Her hand began move on my cock and it began to move faster as she watched me on the screen. As screen-me slid into Nina, her hand released my cock, only to wrap around it again a moment later with wet fingers. "How's that Max?"

I enjoyed the sensation for a moment before answering, "A good start."

Sammy looked over at me with her eyelids fluttering as she fingered herself. I moved my hand back to her knee. She moaned softly as my hand slid up her thigh slowly, her hand released my cock as I reached her upper thigh and she stopped me. 

"Pause it," she requested. I complied and managed to score a freezeframe of Nina's face as she felt my full cock inside of her. "Max... I'm nervous..."

"Why?" I asked, rolling onto my side and propping myself up with my elbow.

"Because... after I do... what I'm about to do..." Sam swallowed and rolled onto her side and looked into my eyes. "We're not going to have any secrets after this..."

I stroked her jawline and whispered back, "Sammy, we're still going to be friends. Nothing is going to change."

"I've seen another side of you lately. I like it, but it's scary," she whispered. "And I've done things I never... imagined doing with you. That scares me," Sam whispered and tucked her head down. I lifted her chin up, and kissed her softly. 

"We're discovering more about one another..." 

"Like this," Sam said out loud as she grabbed my cock again.

"And these," I replied and cupped her breasts.

"I suppose it's only fair," she muttered and started wiggling under the sheets. A moment later, Sam stood, still wearing blue knickers, and walked around the bed to face me. Her nipples were erect, and her smile very sexy. She turned her accent upto 11 and whispered, "You earned it."

Sam turned her back to me and bent forward. I took some initiative and stood behind her, cupping her perfect arse. "It's firm and has the right curves," I muttered aloud.

She giggled and whispered, "How do I rate on your scale, oh Mister Arse-Critic?"

I squeezed and examined her perfect arse before stating, "About a 7."

"Only 7?"

"Out of 5," I added. She notably paused, stood and turned her head and gave a genuinely happy smile, not just a sexy one. I tucked my fingertips under the seam of her knickers and pulled them down her shapely thighs, kneeling down as I did. I let them hit the floor from there and I looked up her thighs to her perfect arse. It was pale and smooth, like the rest of her.

"I love you, Max."

"Love you too, Sammy." 

Sam turned around and her shaved pubic area was level with my face. The thick scent of her juices hit my nostrils, and my erection was harder than it had been all day.

"Now I'm going to show you some love," I said in a mock corny fashion. 

"What d- Oh!" Sammy moaned as I grabbed her arse firmly and pulled it forwards. I poked my tongue inside the very narrow slit and licked from her labia to her clitoris, paying special attention to trace the alphabet onto her clit every time. Her juice off her finger was sweet yesterday, but it tasted ever so sweeter from her little pussy itself. Each stroke of my tongue along her labia felt so rewarding, especially knowing that she, my best friend, was this wet because of me, and then even more when her moans reached my ears. 

I was getting hungrier for her, so I made each stroke quicker and quicker until her legs buckled slightly and a big voice erupted from the small girl, "Oh, MAX! I'm coming!"

She stumbled slightly, so I literally picked her up and threw her down on the bed. "Max..." she moaned softly with her eyes partially closed. I put my lips on her vulva and jackhammered my tongue on her clitoris, while tracing a finger up her soft and smooth inner thigh. Sam wasn't expecting it and she yelled out, and then yelled again louder as my index finger slid into her still clenching vagina. She was tight, not quite as tight as Nina, but I found my fingertip rubbing her cervix while my second knuckle was just in her entrance. Her previous orgasm subsided as I flicked her clit as fast my tongue could move and I circled her G-Spot with my finger. "Max... Max! MAX!" I heard as she moaned my name. And then I felt her vagina clench around my finger as she came again. I glanced up at her face and noticed she had one arm stretched out firmly and squeezing the side of my bed and the other rubbing her breast, a very heavenly vision. 

Sammy stayed lying still, breathing very heavily, almost dozing off. I crawled up beside her and whispered, "Sammy..."

"Mmm..." she replied, gazing with a very contented smile on her face.

I moved up to her face and kissed her very passionately, our tongues dancing around one another. After a short time, I pulled away and asked, "Does that make up for all the head you were giving me?"

"Max, I love sucking your cock. You don't need to make up for anything."

"Did you enjoy that at least?" I asked, and she cupped my balls.

"Yes, but you're an arsehole," Sam replied and moved her hand to my very erect erection. "Sabrina is getting here soon."

"Wait, you said this weekend," I semi protested but the hand on my cock was swapped with the other hand, which was very wet, ran up and down and made it hard to think much.

"Tonight and tomorrow night."

"Really?" I asked, pondering the amount of cooking that would be involved with my weekend, especially after the Sunday workload.

"I'll make it upto you, I promise," she said, looking me in the eye and still stroking my cock.

"How soon?" I asked, enjoying the wet handjob.

"About fifteen minutes."

I sighed and groaned, "You're about to get up and change, aren't you?"

"Yep," she giggled and then promptly got up and left my room.

***

In the following few minutes, Sammy was in her nightie and wearing panties again, and I got the idea to shower. My erection hadn't gone down, but I didn't care so much. After towelling off, I figured there was time to fiddle with Sammy a bit before Sabrina got here, so I exited the bathroom nude. Sammy looked up as I entered the lounge room and a sly smile crept across her face, but Sabrina looked startled. Her eyes immediately locked on my erection, and her eyes widened. I took a few minutes before covering up and spouting the torrent of "Sorry, sorry." as I backed into my bedroom. I put my ear against the door to hear the inevitable talking about me. 

"Sammy, did that just happen?" I heard Sabrina start.

"He's, definitely... hung..." Sammy replied.

"Did you know about that?" Sabrina asked in a shrill voice.

"No, well I suspected, but not that big," Sam replied again.

Sam was upto something, and I liked the idea of where it was headed.

"I'm getting changed, mind if I use your room?" Sabrina asked, but then I heard the door close. I pulled my pants up and threw a shirt on and went out to Sam.

"You knew that would happen," I whispered and kissed her forehead. 

She rubbed my cock through my pants leg and replied, "You're welcome."

Sam went into the kitchen and started cooking food. Sabrina shortly exited Sammy's bedroom and planted her butt on a kitchen stool before asking, "What's for dinner Sam?"

"Gnocchi, Sabby," Sam replied and I glanced at Sabrina. Her big brown eyes were fixed on my groin, and I took note of her PJs. She was braless, in a green tanktop and wearing long rainbow pants. I quickly glanced back at her eyes to see if she had noticed my looking her up and down, but her eyes were still trying to trace my cock down my pants leg. Upon noticing this, I looked immediately at her breasts, noticing her nipples poking her top pronouncedly. 

"Sammy, how long will it be?" Sabrina asked and turned her head towards Sam. "I'm hungry."

"You're always hungry," Sam giggled before adding, "We'll play some T or D after, okay?"

"T or D?" I inquired, but Sam just giggled.

"You can play too."

I think to this day that she just missed my point, but hey, I'm glad I joined in.

***

After dinner, we sat in a triangle on the lounge room floor and Sammy put an empty bottle between the three of us. 

"Truth or Dare, we got around in order of age, spin the bottle and ask that person," Sammy explained. "If it lands on you, then the other two pick a dare for you."

I nodded and Sabrina bit her lip. She was younger than us, so she went first. Her small hand wrapped around the bottle and spun it. It landed on me and offered my choice.

"Truth," I selected nobly. 

Sabrina narrowed her eyes and concentrated for a minute before asking, "How many girls have you been with."

"Six," I answered, having anticipated that question. She looked kinda low at my response but Sam put her little hand on the bottle and spun it next. It spun quickly but landed on Sabrina.

"Okay, Sabby," Sam stated.

"Truth."

Sam grinned wickedly and asked, "Did you enjoy seeing Max's cock earlier?"

Sabrina bowed her head shamefully and whispered, "Yes..."

I spun the bottle before she lifted her head back up and it landed on Sabrina again.

"Fuck. Um... Dare," she responded, caught off guard.

I glanced at Sammy, who grinned, and I told her, "I dare you to kiss Sam."

Sam's smile dipped, but Sabrina leant over the bottle and kissed Sam passionately. They stayed that way for a few minutes before Sabrina sat back down. Sam leant forward slightly as if to follow her, but she realised there was still a game going on. "I'll get you for that," she whispered.

"You liked it," I whispered back and she smiled.

Sabrina spun the bottle and for the third time it landed on her.

"Dare again, I guess," Sabrina muttered. She looked a little disappointed.

Sam spoke up before I could and said, "Take off Max's shirt, sexily."

Sabrina responds to dares very obediently, so she leant over to me and kissed me very sensually. Her hand ran up my stomach and she used her other hand to lift my shirt over my head. She sat back and put my shirt beside her, as Sam put her hand on the bottle and spun it. This time it landed on me, "Dare."

Sam looked at me and furrowed her brow. It took a minute before she came out with, "Remove Sabrina's pants."

Sabrina hopped to her feet, and I put my fingertips just under the waistband of her pants while looking in her eyes. She looked a little nervous, but she wasn't going to stop me. My eyes returned to her groin and I pulled her pants to the ground. Her light tan skin was smooth down her waist and thighs, save for the neatly trimmed landing strip. I wanted to touch her, but a beautifully thick South African accent came through my ears. 

"Your spin Max."

Sabrina sat her bare butt back on the carpet and tucked her knees together, so I put my hand on the bottle and spun it. It landed on Sam.

"Dare."

I gave it some careful thought and settled on, "I dare you to make out with Sabrina, feeling her breasts and all, for ten minutes."

Sam gave me the look which was very much a combination of desire and anger at once. Sure enough, she crawled over to Sabrina and slid her hand under her friend's shirt and kissed her face sensually. A moment later, I could see the tongues of the girls tracing around one another's, and they started moaning lightly. I reluctantly started a timer, and just watched.

Ten minutes later, Sam pulled away and Sabrina nearly followed her. Sabrina opened her eyes and watched Sammy sit back down with a look of hunger. "I'll get you really good for that," Sam whispered and grinned out the corner of her mouth. Sabrina spun the bottle and it landed on Sam.

"Truth."

Sabrina paused and looked at Sam for what seemed like a long time before asking, "Did you enjoy that?"

Sam tipped her head before looking up and answering, "Yes. It was good."

Without hesitating, she spun the bottle and it landed on Sabrina.

"Dare."

"Take off Max's pants, and run your hand up and down his cock after you do it," Sam delivered with a cold, yet sensual voice. Sabrina got on her knees and I stood up, before Sabrina tucked her fingers in my waistband and yanked my pants down. My erection sprung out and Sabrina gasped. 

"You okay Sabrina?" Sam asked slyly. Sabrina just bit her lip and stared my penis. "You still have to touch it Sabrina," Sam added in a cool, dominating tone.

Sabrina slowly put out her hand and wrapped her fingers around my penis. She squeaked. "What's wrong?" I asked her sympathetically.

"Nothing," she chirped in response. Her hand move up my shaft to the base of my cock and back down to the head of my cock. 

"Nice grip," I commented, but she replied by sitting back down and tucking her knees together. I sat down and spun the bottle which landed again on Sabrina.

"...dare," she whispered while carrying a frightened look on her face.

I glanced at my roommate and made a typical male decision, she had too many clothes on. "I dare you to take off Sammy's nightie," I told her.

Sabrina looked up like she was expecting something worse, but hopped up and stepped over to Sam. Sam stuck her arms up in the air, and Sabrina effortlessly pulled the nightie over Sam's head. Her magnificent breasts bounced free, with her very erect nipples pointing into the dark. Sabrina sat her Asian butt back on the wet patch of carpet and spun, this time landing on me.

"Dare," I answered, trying to get her more excited about this game and less... down...

Her little eyes darted all over the room before she settled on, "Payback time. Max, I dare you to take of Sam's panties. But you have to use your mouth."

Sam rolled her eyes and sighed, but she still kept her eyes fixed on my dick before leaning back to lift her sexy butt off the ground. "Go for it Max," she smiled as she parted legs around the bottle. I leant over the bottle and felt Sabrina shift behind me so she could watch. 

"You ready?" I asked and she nodded. I poked my tongue into her slit through the purple fabric, then I started rubbing her clit through the cotton and tasting the juices through the fabric. I continued to tease he clit before eventually deciding she was at a good point between close to coming and tormented, then I clamped my lips down around her vulva and pulled the cotton away from her groin. 

The panties slipped off Sam's ankles, and I dropped them from my mouth before sitting back where I was. Sabrina sat back on her wet patch, and after she sat down, Sam sat up and spun the bottle. It landed on me, and I responded again, "Dare."

"Take off Sabrina's shirt, without touching her skin," Sam dared me. She wasn't happy I left her unfinished.

I shuffled forward on my knees and squeezed the sides of Sabrina's tanktop. Sabrina looked kind hungry and scared at the same time, so I figured I should do this one quickly. I flicked the tanktop over her head. Her small, yellow-tanned breasts with her dark nipples pointing at me made me grin. "Nice boobs."

"You haven't commented on mine yet," Sam snapped smartly.

"Yours are amazing," I responded. "But Sabrina's are a good second."

"Stop dawdling and spin," Sam commented. 

I spun the bottle and it landed on Sam. "Sam put your index finger in Sabrina's vagina and massage her clit with your thumb. Ten minutes."

The young Asian leant back, so Sam moved over to Sabrina and ran her hand up the soft, smooth skin until her fingers were at Sabrina's softer skin towards her entrance.

"You're so wet..." Sammy whispered, and Sabrina bit her lip.

"Don't stop, please..." Sabrina whimpered. Sammy slowly slid her finger over Sabrina's entrance, drawing a slight moan from her lips.

"You ready baby?" Sammy asked sensitively and Sabrina nodded harshly.

"Yes, d- Oh..." Sabrina murmured as her little hole found itself getting filled. She continued moaning softly after Sam started started rubbing her clit, but she didn't pick up tempo before the time was up. Sam returned to her spot reluctantly but grinned at me with gleeful eyes. "Don't stop..." Sabrina muttered, but still returned to the game. She spun the bottle firmly, and it moved around before stopping on Sabrina.

"Oh... F..." Sabrina muttered, but Sammy returned to her sexy coldness and uttered her challenge.

"Lick from Max's balls to the tip of his cock." 

Sabrina crawled over to me, before timidly reaching for my cock. "I'm scared," she whispered to Sam.

"You can do it," she responded coolly.

Sabrina wrapped her hand around my shaft and smiled to herself. Then she poked out her tongue, and ran it from my base to my tip. "That tasted really nice," she muttered.

Sam squeezed her bum cheek, and answered the squeak with, "My turn, I want to spin."

Sabrina reluctantly sat back down, and Sam spun and it landed on me.

"Dare."

Sam looked long and hard at Sabrina and told me, "Make her come, using only your tongue and when she does, push two fingers in her vagina until she stops."

I had a feeling this was more to torture Sabrina than me, but this was something I've wanted to do for almost as long as I've known Sabrina, which is technically longer than the time I've known Sam.
