 Sam followed the guys in as they returned to the station having successfully battled the fire. She watched them as they stowed their gear and cleaned it all up. She wasn't really supposed to be there, but she'd always had something for firemen and when she'd met Gary at the pub, she'd told him that she'd always wanted to go to a fire and see them at work. The glint in her eye was enough to convince Gary that it may well be worth his while to bend the rules and let her tag along. 

Of course, he'd had to convince the others that rode in the truck with him, but Phil and Leon had only had to glance across the bar at her to agree not to be part of undoing the scheme. Sam had grinned at them as she saw the three of them put their heads together to scheme it out. 

Now she grinned again as they peeled off their heavy jackets and turned back towards her.

"So was that what you expected?" Gary asked her. 

"It was great!' she told them. 

"Well, I'm glad that we could help you out with your desire to see some firemen at work. We just need to clean up a bit and then I can drop you off home if you like," he added.

"Um, sure, if you have to hurry me home," Sam said, a smirk on her face. Gary gave her a grin and winked at her as he turned to go into the accommodation section of the station. 

Sam went into the kitchen, knowing from her earlier tour of the place that the three guys would be heading to the showers, which in this old building simply consisted of a number of shower heads sticking out of a tiled wall, with no separation between them. As she considered the three buff firemen standing there, naked, probably joking about what was likely to happen when Gary went to drop Sam home, she found her body reacting to the possibilities. As she continued to think about it, a plan began to hatch in her head. 

She made her way towards the showers. Her plan had been to take the towels so that the guys had to come out naked for her to have a perve, but when she got there, she saw that they were hung in positions that wouldn't allow her to do it unless she walked entirely into the bathroom.

She could hear the guys talking and moved closer, hoping to hear what they were talking about. As she had expected, Phil and Leon were getting stuck into Gary about what his plans were for later that evening, trying to see if he was planning to get any action. She was pleased to hear that Gary was playing it cool, telling them that he would wait and see if there was any sign that it there was any reason to pursue the idea. 

With a rush of blood, Sam decided that waiting to see Gary later that night didn't quite have the same appeal as walking into the shower to see all three of the guys naked at once. 

"Any of you boys need a hand to wash anything?" she said as she strode into the bathroom. She half expected them all to cover up and blush or something. 

"I could use a hand with this," Phil simply said, wiggling his hips so that his cock swung back and forth before her. Sam found herself stuck for somewhere to go next then. She hadn't thought far enough ahead and now needed some inspiration fast.

"Of course, if you're going to wash us, you wouldn't want to be getting your clothes wet, so they'll have to go," Phil added. Then Gary approached her with the soap. "You know, I had planned on spending some time alone with you later tonight, but if you're up for it, I guess I'm prepared to share."

Swallowing the lump that seemed to have formed in her throat, Sam began to remove her clothes. A knot of apprehension fought against the surge of lust that was passing through the rest of her as she finally peeled down her panties to stand naked before the three guys, noting that their cocks had been growing with each of the items of clothes that she'd removed. 

She took the soap from Gary and moved over to where the water was cascading from the shower heads. Gary stood before her and the other two moved closer as she lathered her hands with the soap. She reached out and ran her hand over his erection. She sighed and Gary moaned as her hand moved up and down the length of his swollen member. She felt hands on her breasts and a cock pressing up between the cheeks of her butt as Phil moved in behind her and fondled her full breasts.

Allowing the soap to run from Gary's cock, Sam glanced to where Leon waited and eyed of his semi erect cock. 

"Now that won't do," she said and took up the soap again, this time using it to stroke Leon's cock to its full length. Then she slowly dropped to her knees, took Gary's cock in her left hand and guided it into her mouth, her right hand still grasping Leon and stroking it up and down. She swirled her her tongue around the head of Gary's cock, glancing across to where Leon stood, then to the other side, where Phil had moved. Keeping Gary's cock in her mouth she now used her left hand to reach out and seize Phil, her loins burning with excitement as she pleasured all three guys at once. 

She began to share the pleasure around, sucking on one cock and then another, her hands continuing to please which ever cock wasn't being occupied by her mouth. As she moved her mouth up and down the length of Phil's erection, she decided that it was high time that she felt one of these large pieces of manhood in her pussy.

"Would one of you fine young men kindly fuck me?" she said, releasing Phil's cock from her mouth. She lowered her hands to the floor of the shower. She heard the water stop cascading as it was turned off. She looked back over her shoulder and saw Gary on his knees, his erection moving closer and closer to her pussy. She watched and waited and then moaned as she felt the head of Gary's cock ease between her lips. She pushed back against him as he slid deep inside her. She turned her head forwards again and saw that Leon had knelt before her, his cock ready to be sucked. 

Phil had lain down on the tiles and slid his head beneath her and as she took Leon into her mouth, Phil began sucking on her nipples. A groan escaped her lips as Gary thrust within her, forcing her forwards, her mouth engulfing Phil's cock. She couldn't believe how intense it was with all this flesh surrounding her. After a few more minutes of this she could feel her orgasm building but at the same time, the pain of the tiles was getting to her knees. 

"I think we need to find somewhere more comfortable than this guys," she said. She felt Gary's cock slide from her pussy and she got to her feet.

"Well, that's easy," Gary said, "I think we simply need to use an alternate fireman's carry."

Phil and Leon stood either side of Sam and she put an arm over each of their shoulders. Then they each reached down and slipped an arm under a knee, lifting Sam from the ground and spreading her legs at the same time. Gary moved back in between Sam's legs and slipped his cock back between her lips. Then she simply hung there, suspended in mid air as the three guys each did their bit to work her up and down the erection between her legs.

Gary, sensing that his orgasm was approaching, but not yet ready to drop out of the experience, removed his cock and dropped to his knees. He used his fingers to spread Sam's pussy and then ran his tongue up her wet slit to her clitoris where he circled and lapped and licked at it, drawing moans and groans of pleasure from Sam as she felt her own orgasm building within her. 

Leon and Phil held her tightly as she began to thrash and buck as her orgasm washed through her body, her pussy convulsing. She arched her back a final time and was still. She asked the guys to give her a minute before putting her down, but they had ideas of their own. Gary stood up again and slid his cock home in her still contracting pussy, feeling the pulsations of her pleasure along the length of his shaft as he slid slowly in and out between her lips.

Sam cried out as she was penetrated again and this time Gary didn't stop. He continued thrusting and thrusting at her willing pussy until he felt his balls tense. He pulled his cock from her and exploded, his cum spraying up over her belly. When he finished, he stepped back, grinning as he admired his handy-work.

"Pleased with yourself?" Sam asked, grinning back. 

"Well, I don't know I'd used the word, pleased, but more than satisfied," he laughed. 

"I think I'll get you to turn that shower back on for me," she said as Phil and Leon lowered her back to the ground. Gary obliged and the water flowed. Sam stepped under it and allowed the cascade to rinse the cum from her, telling Phil and Leon not to go to far away, enabling her to stroke their cocks with her hands as she cleaned herself. She bent over, taking each cock in her mouth in turn before asking them if there was a bed they could perhaps use for the next round.

All three of the guys were more than happy to take her to the sleeping quarters where Sam laid herself down on a bed and spread her legs. 

"I need a brave firemen to put out a fire I've got building just here," she said, giggling and pointing to her pussy. 

"Well Ma'am, it seems you've come to just the right place," Leon answered as he moved between her legs and slid his cock inside her. Sam sighed as she felt her lips spread apart again as the second cock of the day speared inside her. She turned to look at Phil, who was hovering nearby, watching his mate fuck her. 

"Think I might be able to get a drink from that hose?" she asked him

"I reckon you might have to give it some assistance, you know, suck it out ..."

"Better bring it closer then."

Phil moved within reach of Sam's mouth and leaned forward. She opened her mouth and ran her tongue over the tip of his cock before he pushed towards her mouth. Willingly she parted her lips and accepted his manhood into her mouth, sucking ans slurping as Leon moved between her legs, his cock spearing insider her over and over and over again.

"God, so much cock!" Sam said. "A girl could get addicted to this." She could see that Gary was hovering nearby, having had his turn, but wanting to see how the other's got on in their own quests for pleasure. She wished there was a way that she could have him at the same time.

Sam used her hand to pump the base of Phi's shaft as she swirled her tongue around the head and sucked deeply upon it. She could tell that he was getting close and wanted him to explode in her mouth. 

"Fuck my mouth," she said, removing her hand and allowing Phil to thrust at her. He began increasing the speed of his strokes and then reached down with one hand to support her head as his orgasm approached, holding his cock in her mouth as it pulsed and spurted at the point of climax. Sam swallowed until he withdrew from her mouth, sated. 

She returned her attention to the pleasure that was being exacted upon her pussy by Leon, thrusting his cock within her. As he leaned forwards to suck on her right breast, Sam called Gary over, telling him to suck on her other nipple.

She couldn't believe how intense it was to feel so much attention on her flesh. Then she had an idea. She told Leon to stop, so that he could sit on the side of the bed. He obliged and Sam stood before him, then turned around, lowering herself backwards, feeling his cock penetrate her pussy again as she slid down his pole. 

Now suck my nipples, boys, she said to Gary and Phil as she moved herself on Leon's cock. It was intense and when she reached out to grab at their cocks as well, she could tell that they guys were all enjoying it as much as she was. 

"I don't suppose one of you would be able to lick my clit for me?" she asked, her nipples tingling from the attention that they'd been receiving.

Gary and Phil looked down at her clit, standing out visibly above where her pussy was full of Leon's cock. They appeared apprehensive.

"Surely one of you BRAVE fire fighters could do that for little me?"

Phil gave an apprehensive grin and got down on his knees. 

"No sudden movements here Leon buddy, I am sure neither of us wants me licking your dick!" he joked. Leon spread his legs. Sam had hers spread even wider over his and she leaned back against Leon's muscular chest to give Phil plenty of room. She felt his tongue begin to attend to her clit and was in heaven. She couldn't believe how intense it was to have her clit licked whilst her pussy was full of cock.

When Gary moved closer again and starting sucking on her nipple, she lost it and exploded with her second orgasm of the day. Her thrashing and bucking caused Phil to abruptly stop what he was doing. The movement was also the breaking point for Leon, whose cock erupted with his orgasm, sending his cum spraying up inside her pussy.

The three of them parted and dressed before Gary dropped Sam home, but only after she'd promised that it wouldn't be her last trip to the fire house.