 It had been a long day at work. Your boss, as always, had given you plenty to do and although you appreciated the faith he was showing in you, it was starting to make you so tired that all you could do after walking through the front door was eat dinner and then fall asleep as soon as your head hit the pillow. The last thing you felt like doing was having sex, especially since the energy you needed to make it worthwhile just wasn’t there during the week.

However, tonight was different. It was Friday night and I had just arrived in town after we hadn’t seen one another for more than three weeks. It had been so difficult not seeing each other much, but we knew that the love we shared for each other, that once-in-a-lifetime unconditional love, would see us through until a time when we could be together physically, as well as emotionally and spiritually.

I knew that you would be tired but I had arranged a very special evening for the two of us. However, even I did not suspect how amazing it would be and that by the end of it we would no longer be alone.

You came home around six o’clock and as you stepped through the door I grabbed your bag, placed it on the floor and then put my arms around you, holding you so tight after so long apart that you had to ask me to relax before I cut off your circulation. I took your hand and led you to the bedroom, only stopping to remove your shoes and socks from your poor, tired feet. Next I helped you lay down in the bed where, as per usual, you closed your eyes and almost fell asleep. However, I leaned across and kissed you lightly on your lips, then nibbled your ear while whispering, “don’t sleep yet honey, we still have a big night ahead of us.” I mentioned the word salsa and suddenly your eyes opened widely. I know how much you love Latin dancing so I had arranged for us to have dinner at a salsa club you had mentioned previously. I told you to go and get ready and that I could prepare your clothes for the evening. You crawled towards the end of the bed, in order to head towards the shower, with a new spring in your step.

I helped you pull your shirt over your head. As you sat on the edge of the bed your firm, soft breasts sat comfortably within the conservative bra that you had bought especially for working at your new job, where the norms were a little different to back home in Europe. You slipped off your belt and I reached down and pulled open the zipper of your black, wide-bottomed trousers. I love the way you look in those pants- they make you look so classy, yet so cool at the same time. To me they reflect who you are more than anything else you own, even your jeans that cling to your waist and show off the tight, swell of you bottom.

I pulled your pants slowly down your legs and then over your feet, leaving you sitting in the bed only in your underwear. I loved this game of undressing you slowly. I looked down at where you had not shaved in a little while and a small strip of short, dark hairs had started to creep out from either side of your panties. I often wondered how it would feel if you completely shaved your most sensitive part, rather than just keeping it short and neat. However, I have experienced both in the past and a shaven woman just seems too fake to me; the feeling just isn’t as womanly as being with someone who still has some pubic hair to rub against your chin as you go down on her.

You noticed that I had been staring between your legs and I saw the smile on your lips. I was now leaning in front of you and I leaned a little closer, not needing to hide my real motives for helping you out of your clothes. I bent in and tenderly kissed the inside of your thighs, then your stomach and back down to your knees. Your smile deepened and you drew a sharp intake of breath. 

However, the night still had a long way to go and I was in no hurry to make you come right now, knowing full well that you would curl up into a contented ball and drift into a deep sleep. Instead I ran my fingers along your calves and down towards your feet. I know how sensitive you are at that particular extremity, especially after a long, hard week of work. I had promised myself that as I had the week off from the office that this was going to be your night and that I would stop at nothing to make sure that you enjoyed it. 

I moved my hands slowly over the top of your left foot, kneading as I went, from your ankle, down to your toes. Then I pushed my thumbs into the balls of your feet and up to your sole, keeping a constant, rhythmic pressure on your tender, swollen muscles. Next I circled around both your inner and outer ankle and then pushed my knuckles deep in to your Achilles tendon. You gasped but I had learned that this was not in pain, or at least not uninvited or unwanted pain. Finally I ran my fingers between each of your toes, bringing a groan of pleasure from your lips. I knew how much you loved that feeling. Quickly I moved onto your other foot; you moved one leg across the other, simultaneously anticipating the changeover. By the time I had finished your foot massage your eyes were closed in bliss but your breathing was rapid enough to assuage any fears of your succumbing to sleep.

I took advantage of your lack of vision to quickly move up your body and peck slightly at your inner thighs. Your eyes flicked open in shock. I pressed my nose deep into the fabric of your underwear, smelling the overwhelming scent of sweat and your own unique, womanly, musky aroma. I don’t know who was more turned on but I leaned down and pushed your panties slightly to one side, revealing the heavenly mound of your half-trimmed vagina and allowing your scent to waft up so that you too could smell it now.

I traced a finger down from your belly-button, across your stomach and along the line of the extremity of your pubic hair. Your breathing was becoming heavier. My finger continued down your inner thigh and then ever so softly up to the bottom of your nether lips. Taking care not to touch either the crack of your vagina or the hood that protected your (as yet) unaroused clitoris, I played with the short, wiry hairs around them. I have always been fascinated by the fact that the hair on your head is so fine, yet at the other end of your body it has such a different feel. 

I started to draw my hand away but you reached down and held it there, bringing it back so it rested on the vertical line that represented the entrance to so much pleasure. I looked above you and suddenly the spell of sensuality was broken. It was already 6.30 and we had to get ready. I knew that it was unfair to leave you like this but if we continued we would never get out of the house. I stood up, much to your protest and grabbed your towel that was hanging up behind the door. I handed it to you, ignoring your frown. Then I gave a sly smile.

“I have already had a shower and if I join you now we will be here all night. However, if you want to finish off what we have started, be my guest.”

You grinned as you stood up. I brought my hand swiftly and roughly up between your legs. You laughed, pulled the towel around you and stepped out of the room towards the bathroom. I know how much the feeling of running water turns you on and just thinking about what you were about to do made me want to chase after you. 

But I still had so much planned, so instead I walked to the cupboard and pulled out a box- my gift to you for tonight and laid its contents on the bed. It was a set of underwear- matching bra and panties- very sexy but still classy. The underwear was a deep red; not bright and garish, but deeper, like the colour of velvet across the shoulders of a princess. I hoped that you would like it. Next I reached into your cupboard and pulled out a black, tightly-fitting dress that you had worn a couple of times before. It looked so sexy on you but then I remembered that you would be dancing so I reluctantly put it backed and pulled out one that was a little looser and not quite as sexy, that cut just above your breasts. As a finishing touch I grabbed your mid-high string shoes from under your bed. They were low enough to be practical but still high enough to show off your beautifully-formed calves, so strong and athletic after years of long-distance running, but not too muscly. In fact this part of your body is just like the rest of you- just perfect.


As I was going about this process, you had stepped into the bathroom, flung the towel over the rail and quickly removed your underwear, leaving it in a ball beside the basin. Our tender fondling had left you hot and in need of finishing off what we had started. You wished that I had joined you but realistically we both knew that you had the ability to make yourself come and still be able to carry on your daily activities. Usually if we did it together, it took quite a while before your head came out of the clouds.

You stepped into the shower, closing the door behind you. You turned on the water, adjusting the temperature until is was comfortable. The warm spray of water felt good against your skin. Ever since you were a teenager, the feeling of water massaging your naked body has always made you horny and often, after a workout at the gym or a swim in the pool, you have found yourself in the showers, with your fingers working quickly between your legs.

You stepped back and stood directly underneath the flow of water, letting it pound against your scalp, like a thousand tiny fingers running through your hair. You looked up, letting the water wash away the dirt, sweat and stress of another week of work. As it ran down your lips, your neck and in between the cheeks of your arse, your body quivered. You thought back to just five minutes before in the bedroom and suddenly remembered why you were so anxious to get into the shower in the first place.

Your hands moved over your body, running over your shoulders, your breasts, your stomach. Your nipples were already semi-hard from the water and sticking out slightly. You gave them a gentle tweak and smiled with satisfaction at the reaction this brought, like a small tickle beginning in your toes and moving up between your thighs and along your spine. The warmth of the shower and sensation of the water were already turning you on.

Although already wet from head to toe, you realized that some wetness was coming from inside you as well. You leaned back against the shower wall and started to stroke your pussy, running your fingers across the soft, tender lips. You were so hot and horny that all feelings of tiredness had completely disappeared. You were so focused on what you were doing now that you had forgotten about everything outside the shower, even your boyfriend in the next room who had started all this.

You ground your arse against the slippery wall behind you as you moved your fingers over your pussy, the spray of water from above hammering down on your hard breasts. You could already feel your juices pouring out of your cunt, over your fingers, as you began to work them inside. The slightly oily texture was different to the water coming down from above but similar enough to feel like the sensations from within your pussy were spreading out all over your body. You moaned as your fingertips began to caress the inner walls of your pussy. You pushed them in deep and let out a small yelp, but the sound was lost in the spray of water that pounded on your body, so that I heard nothing unusual from the lounge room where I was now waiting for you to finish.

You rubbed your free hand across your breasts, playing with your nipples, then back down your body where they held the lips of your pussy apart, allowing you better access. The fingers of your other hand were running in and out, faster and faster, as you fucked yourself and moaned, biting your teeth together as the feeling you knew so well began to swell within you. You were on fire, every inch of your body aching to be touched.

You quickly slid your fingers out of your pussy and caressed your body, trying to touch yourself everywhere at once. You turned around and leaned against the shower wall, pressed your hard tits against the tiles and spread your legs further apart. You moved one hand over your arse, spreading your cheeks and running a finger from your arsehole down to the entrance of your pussy, fingering your dripping wet vagina from behind. You slipped your fingers inside and started fucking yourself from one side, while your other hand was in front, rubbing your swollen clit. The world had faded away and the only thing on your mind now was the feeling coursing through your body- god you felt horny.

You pushed your finger deep into your pussy, and began rubbing frantically at your engorged clitoris, the nub now quite accessible from all your arousal. You felt your orgasm building, increasingly loud moans were coming from your mouth. You pressed your wet cheek against the tiles and pressed the side of your body against the wall, almost trying to push your own body onto your rapidly vibrating fingers. Suddenly you screamed, as the wave of orgasm pushed through your body. You thrust your wet fingers in and out of your pussy and you came loudly. 

This time I heard the screams of pleasure and my own cock responded, pressing insistently against my trousers. Your body was shaking and you almost fell, as, for a few seconds, your mind went blank. Then you let yourself go, your body sliding down the wet wall until you lay on your back, riding out the feelings of pleasure that were beginning to fade. You smiled peacefully and then stood up to quickly lather up and wash yourself clean.

Then you stepped out of the shower, your legs still shaky and grabbed your towel. You began to dry yourself off but knew from experience that one particular part of you would continue to be wet for a little while longer.

You wrapped the towel around you and stepped into the lounge room where I was sitting on the couch, grinning and half-heartedly massaging the bulge in my pants.

“Refreshing honey?”, I asked playfully.

“Very”

“Good, then let’s get you dressed and go. I think I will let you take care of that yourself. I picked out some clothes for you but if you don’t like them then feel free to change them. Don’t forget that we are going dancing.”

I followed you to the door as you stepped in and saw the new underwear lying on the bed. You squeaked with pleasure and wrapped your arms around my neck, kissing me deeply on the lips and feeling my own arousal as you drew me against your body.

“Quick, shut the door and get dressed”, I said.

Once you were ready to go, we walked to the car and headed towards the restaurant. We were both looking forward to a real night out. As we drove along I thought back to your shouts from the shower. I hoped that we could continue what you had begun after we got home but I knew that I could wait. However, you leaned across and kissed me passionately on the mouth and the growing lump in my trousers suggested otherwise. I looked down and your gaze followed mine. You pushed your hand across and placed it on my crotch.

“Hmmm, what do we have here?” you said mischievously. 

I tried to keep my eyes on the road.

“It looks like someone is feeling a bit left out” you said as you pushed the zipper down from my pants and reached inside to pull out my growing cock. I leaned back a little to give you better access and pulled into the left lane, slowing the car down a little in the process. You placed your hand to your lips and wet your fingers a little before returning them to my shaft. We were not too far from the restaurant now but time didn’t seem to matter. You ran your hand along the length of my dick, feeling it become hard in response. It was becoming more difficult to concentrate on my driving. Your hand began to move faster and faster and the car was beginning to drift a little. Luckily in this country, bad, crazy driving was normal so nobody noticed.

“Honey, that feels so good.”

“I just want you to feel what I felt before”, you said, your hand pumping up and down.

“I’m going to come”, I said, breathing heavily.

“Not so fast”, you said, gripping the head of my cock hard to prevent my ejaculation.

“We wouldn’t want to make a mess just before dinner would we!”

Suddenly you leaned down and placed your mouth over my cock, keeping the pressure on its base with your hand. This set me off. As you pushed your mouth down and let your tongue swirl around the head of my throbbing cock I couldn’t hold on any more. A wad of come flew up and hit the back of your throat, almost making you gag. You inhaled and pumped your hand a few more times, drawing the last of the sticky, white liquid into your mouth. Then you swallowed and licked your lips, turning your head on its side to look lovingly up into my eyes.

By now the car had slowed right down and people were starting to honk their horns at us. I put my foot down on the accelerator, my body shivering in the aftermath of my orgasm. A few more minutes and we arrived at the restaurant. I took a deep breath, zipped up my pants and then we stepped out of the car and headed in for dinner. Wow, what a feeling and the night was only just beginning!

You took my hand in yours and we headed inside. You had been here before so some of the waiters already knew you. As I stated that we had a reservation, we were directed towards the back of the building, past the dance floor, as yet empty this early in the evening. As we passed one of the waiters he smiled at you and said, “maybe we can have another dance tonight.”

I smiled back at him. “Sure, but you will have to wait your turn.”

The two of us have so much trust and are so comfortable with each other that this kind of thing doesn’t make me feel jealous at all. In fact I was glad to know that you were going out, having fun and doing your own thing in my absence.

We took a seat at the rear of the restaurant and waiter brought us some menus. I ordered barbequed chicken and you had lasagne. I ordered a bottle of white wine and as you hear me say the words you sighed. I know how much you love a glass of wine and how rarely it is that we drink it in this country.

“Tonight is for you my love.” 

I reached across the table and placed my hands in yours, looking deep into your eyes. I brought your fingers to my lips and kissed them lightly.

“I love you so much my princess. I am sorry that we don’t see each other as much as we would like but I know it is worth waiting for. The things we are learning now are so important for our futures and one day soon we can be together I promise.”

“I know”, you replied, “but it is just so hard sometimes. Let’s not talk about this tonight, let’s just enjoy the evening together okay?”

“Deal”

The meal arrived, as did the wine. As we clinked our glasses together I toasted, “here is to a beautiful woman and a very special kind of love that we share.”

As we took our first sip and felt the alcohol drip down through our bodies, we exhaled in unison; delicious. Halfway through the meal I noticed that, after almost two glasses of wine, you were already a little drunk. Your cheeks had a slight, red flush about them and your eyes were shining brightly. I know how horny a bit of alcohol can make you.

I leaned down and slipped off a shoe, then lifted my foot underneath the table and up under your dress, to rest between your thighs. Your spread your legs a little to make some more room for me. I gasped. You were so warm and I assumed already a little moist, as a result of our earlier activities. You grabbed my foot and pushed it harder against your pussy, crying out softly. A waiter just happened to come to our table at that moment, so you pretended that the noise was just the beginning of a cough and brought your hand up to your mouth.

“How is your evening so far, enjoying your meals?”
