 Sam had been working long and hard hours as her boss had driven through a new contract to a tight deadline. Despite all the pressures he'd always been very good to his P.A. and she'd reciprocated by working some anti-social hours to help him meet his delivery schedule. She was looking forward to the weekend and some much needed 'me-time'.

"Sam, I'd like to thank you for all the extra hours you've put in, we couldn't have done it with out you. I'd like to give you something more tangible but the powers that be have closed the lid on such donations now. However, I'd love to invite you to a picnic with me on Saturday; the weather promises to be glorious."

There was a certain chemistry between them but, in the 6 months they'd worked together, there had never been even a hint of improper behaviour. It was an ironic co-incidence that each fancied the other like crazy. He was handsome, looking several years older than her but still with a full, healthy head of brown hair and the body of a practicing sportsman. She was the classic stereotype of a stunning secretary, quite tall with gorgeous, stocking-clad legs, a delightfully tempting cleavage and a strikingly beautiful face. Her deep brown, come-to-bed eyes were perfectly framed by shoulder length, brunette hair that cascaded to her shoulders. Single and looking in her late 30's, there was no reason for her not to go after the object of her desires; except for his wife! She was sorely tempted by his offer and weighed up the implications.

"Shall I ask Irene to bring some extra food with her? The kids are staying with their gran."

She breathed a sigh of relief at the news that his wife would accompany him; although it was tinged with a little disappointment. Nevertheless it was safe for her to take up the offer and it did look like being a fine day.

"I'd love to, Dave. Thank you." 

Part of the success of their working relationship had been the mutual respect and first name terms that came from the trust they'd built up.

"We'll pick you up at 11." 

It only just occurred to Sam to ask the obvious question.

"Where are we going?" 

"The beach, we know a lovely, quiet spot up in the dunes; and we can add in a little swimming if it appeals."

Sam was curious to know what Irene would look like as she waited for them to arrive. She wanted to know what kind of woman would catch this dishy fella. She'd put on a bikini underneath a tee-shirt and flower print dress. It flattened her full breasts a little but otherwise showed off her shapely curves to great advantage. The flimsy dress did little to hide her fantastic legs and pert bottom. She deliberated whether she was going a bit too far but any decision to change her mind was rendered irrelevant by the door bell.

"Hello, do come in. You must be Irene?" 

She looked a little older than her husband but not in any obvious way. Her short, dark hair and bright blue eyes were a winning combination. Far more eye-catching, however, were her huge breasts. She had a one piece swimming costume on with a wraparound, that did little to hide their size. Sam had never had any sort of contact with another woman but couldn't help wondering what they would feel like to touch. Her own were a lovely size but these were several cup sizes bigger. She was a few inches shorter than the leggy P.A. but her thighs looked smooth and inviting. Sam moved over to her fridge.

"A couple of bottles of white?" 

She always had a bottle or two of white wine for the end of those hard days in the office.

" No need. We've brought more than enough of everything for all of us. We'ed just love your company." 

Sam grabbed her handbag and locked the house as she left for the convertible BMW parked outside. Dave was dressed in shorts and a white polo shirt, looking every bit the successful man she knew him to be, but wasn't looking to score any points. Both he and Irene seemed genuinely pleased to have her join them.

They parked up on the sea front after no little trouble finding a spot. The beach was heaving on this Summers day and, quite frankly, looked like hell. Dave noticed the look on Sam's face.

"We're heading off over there." 

He was carrying a fair sized hamper as Irene pointed towards the sand dunes several hundred yards back from the madding crowds on the beach and the three of them headed off. After a 5 minute walk almost none of the throngs on the beach could be seen or heard. They traipsed over several sizeable dunes before Irene turned off to the left through what appeared to be thick bushes, but that she was able to hold them back with her hands. The group dropped into a sandy hollow that was practically invisible from the path they'd been walking moments earlier.

"This is our favourite place. We are secluded here but can hear if anyone approaches before they can see us."

It was obvious that they'd been here several times before; both knew exactly where to go and, already, Irene was laying out a fine picnic. Sam felt a sense of nervous excitement but didn't let her imagination get too far ahead of her. She tried not to put two and two together but couldn't help thinking they didn't just have picnics here. 

For the time being at least, though, a picnic was exactly what they were going to have. Dave & Irene had brought a marvellous spread, based on a Mediterranean theme, with chilled white, sparkling wine. The chatter flowed with the wine and they all loosened up as the food went down alongside the Riesling. There followed a short pause to reflect on the conversation and fine food. Dave took off his shirt to reveal a densely hairy chest and lost his shorts leaving himself clad only in an almost obscene pair of Speedos. Sam tried not to stare but the tightness of the sheer material left nothing to the imagination. She let her eyes flow over the well defined outline of his cock right up the rim of it's head and the large, round shape of his ball sac. She was so engrossed in staring at his confined member that she missed Irene stripping down to just her swimming costume. Without a word of warning Irene pulled down the top half to let her huge breasts hang free and rolled it down to her waist.

"I hope to don't mind, I hate getting strap marks from sunbathing." 

Sam was surprised at how unsurprised she had been by this move.

"Rubbish! You just love showing off your fantastic tits!" 

Dave, reached around her with both hands and held up both of those large mammories. Irene moved one hand back and squeezed his thick shaft a little through his trunks.

"If mine were like that, I'd walk round topless all day!" 

Sam was quite emboldened by the liberal atmosphere, and the wine hadn't done any harm either. 

"Two kids have taken their toll on them, they do sag a bit these days. You've got a gorgeous figure! If I'd known my husband's secretary looked like you I might not have let him out of the house!" 

It was Irene's turn to stare, this time at Sam's shapely thighs. She was still, gently stroking that huge cock through the thin material and it had grown visibly, a situation not helped when Sam removed her dress to sit just in her bikini. The slim cut briefs hugged her lovely, pert bottom forming a lovely, smooth shape. Sam's own breasts were a womanly size 34 D and the bikini top held them in a beautiful position.

"I'd die to have legs like your's Sam." 

Sam was never vain but was equally aware that her height and curvy legs were a winning combination. Despite always having thought of herself as dead straight, she felt a strong urge to want to touch Irene's tits. She was staring at them now, almost not noticing that Irene had pulled Dave's Speedo's to the side, letting his huge cock flop out into the afternoon sunshine.

Dave and Irene said nothing but looked at Sam to see how she would take to the situation. Her heavy tits were hanging, freely exposed. His huge, semi hard cock was out of his trunks and she was slowly pulling the foreskin back and forth. Sam took a deep breath and leant forwards to trace her fingertips over his wife's full breasts. She felt the weight of one in her hand and was a little taken aback by how heavy it was. It also felt beautifully warm, smooth and delicately soft. Dave was right, she did have fantastic tits. Sam shocked herself at her next move as she leant a little further forwards and flicked her tongue over the nipple. Irene moaned softly and lifted her other tit to her own mouth. Dave sat back to the side to watch the unfolding lesbian scene, stroking his own cock to full hardness, turned on by the ladies' show. He took out a camera and tripod and set it up to record the proceedings.

Now Sam had never done, nor even contemplated, anything like this before. She looked up and Irene kissed her full on the lips. The two girls embraced and their tongues teased each others mouthes; at the same time, Irene reached around and undid Sam's bikini top string. Sam sat back and, pulling her shoulders back, took her top right off. Perhaps unintentionally, she appeared to be showing off her own beautiful tits; of no mean size themselves. Irene and Dave licked a nipple each and massaged her breasts firmly. Sam closed her eyes and revelled in the attention her ample chest was getting. She opened her eyes when she felt some fingers stroking her pussy through her bottoms.

Dave sat back once more and wanked his cock slowly to keep it semi-erect. Sam stood up and slipped her bikini bottoms off to reveal her lovely, dark bush. Irene looked up to her eyes, smiled, and then lowered her face to Sam's pretty bush. She reached forwards with her hands and, very gently, parted Sam's vaginal lips. She looked into her inner folds briefly before she started to explore with her tongue. Whether this was better than any of the men who gone down of Sam is hard to say; but the sensation felt a thousand times better if only because it was another woman who was licking her out. Sam's juices began flowing and Irene enjoyed lapping them up.

Sam knelt down and pressed Irene's shoulders to the sand. She planted kisses down the older womans body; giving her tits special attention, until she came to the rolled down swimming costume. Obligingly Irene lifted her hips so Sam could pull it off and show a perfectly shaven pussy. She ran her fingers slowly up and down the beautifully formed slit. Irene laid back to enjoy the oral attentions Sam was lavishing on her pussy. At first she just licked along the slit without pressing too hard but, enjoying the taste, she soon started to push her tongue inside to get more of the fluids. This soon lead to her using a hand to part the lips and expose more of her insides to that delving tongue.

This scene made Dave's cock huge and fully hard; it took some considerable restraint to keep his wanking slow and not get carried away. While she was licking out Dave's wife, Sam shuffled round to crouch over her face. Now the two girls oralised each other in a classic 69 arrangement. Sam completely forgot that her pleasure was female induced, and focussed on pleasing her new lesbian lover.

Having taken off his speedos, Dave moved over to the picnic hamper then went to the end of the pairing where his wife's head was. He squatted over her and poured some of the olive oil over his erect cock. He spent a little time massaging the liquid into the head of his big cock and rubbed a little more into its shaft. Irene neglected Sam's pussy for a few moments while she ate her husbands hairy balls. Dave rubbed his cock head down Sam's crack until it came to her anus. He pressed it, just a little, against the orifice. Sam sighed audibly but carried on licking Irene's clit. Dave placed one hand on her arse to steady her, and gripped the base of his cock with the other to give it maximum hardness. Gently, but firmly, he began to push the first inch or so into her anal opening. Sam stopped licking Irene's pussy and moaned, but never asked him to stop. Even with the improvised lubricant it was still such a tight fit as to force his foreskin right back. Steadily he forced more inches inside her until the full length of his cock was in her tight hole up to his balls, which Irene flicked with her tongue. Sam's moans betrayed a little discomfort, but at no time did she want him to stop anally fucking her. She returned to using her fingers and tongue on his wife's exposed pussy. Irene returned the favour, parting Sam's hairy bush to insert her own tongue, 

Dave pulled most of his thick cock out of her stretched hole and gave it some more olive oil, before pushing it back in a little more firmly. Her anal opening felt so tight around the full length of his hard cock, especially it's engorged head. Sam sighed loudly each time he pushed it back in. Irene pushed two fingers inside Sam's dripping cunt and could feel her husbands cock in the adjacent passage. Sam, in a small act of defiance, bit Irene's clit; if only to remind her that she was more than just a passive observer in this three-way. She reached underneath her to where that stiff cock was stretching her and grabbed his heavy balls hard, to let him also know she was still involved.

Dave could sense that Sam was new to this particular experience and sought to ensure she enjoyed it to the full. Each time he would withdraw his cock until only the tip of its head was still inside her tight hole before slowly, but firmly, pushing every inch up her until his balls pressed against her neglected pussy. This neglect was about to be corrected by Irene. She removed one of her favourite toys from the basket and slowly inserted it up Sam's dripping pussy. Only when it was fully inserted did she switch the vibrator on. Dave and Sam both sighed in unison like some kind of stereo orgasm. Sam's head was awash with overlapping sensations of pleasure from both orifices. Dave could feel the vibrations from the plastic toy in her pussy when his cock was squeezed into her smaller opening. Irene was feeling a little left out of this hedonistic glut as Sam was now too distracted to concentrate on her poor pussy. Still she spun her magic with the battery appliance, working it over her husbands ball bag and his lovers clit, swapping it for her tongue from time to time.

The point was reached where Sam could no longer support her weight on her arms and Dave's knees were sore. It was time for everyone to swap places. Dave slowly pulled his thick cock from Sam's arse one last time as she rolled over to sit up on her haunches. Boldly she made the next move.

"Irene, I'd love to watch him fuck you." 

Between the three of them it was her turn to experience some intimate pleasure and Dave was happy to oblige. Regardless of any attraction he felt towards hid sexy PA, he still fancied his wife very much and had no difficulties keeping his cock hard for her. He lay on his back, once more gripping the base of his dick firmly to provide a pole for his wife to gently impale herself on. Sam picked up the vibrator and fucked herself with it as she watched his large cock slowly getting engulfed by her smooth pussy lips. The overall sight was a huge turn on for her and she was surprised by just how much she enjoyed passively watching the older womans huge tits bouncing about and hearing the sounds of her dripping cunt almost sucking his hard cock into her. Dave closed his eyes to concentrate on timing his hips thrusts to coincide with Irene's bounces; this helped to to force every inch of his erection as deep into her as he could.

Try as she could, Sam simply wasn't satisfied just watching and moved over to the couple to rub the vibrating toy over Irene's clitoris while she was still riding his cock, and over his shaft while it was exposed. She loved this role and, once again, took to sucking on his wife's heavy tits. She had experienced neither anal sex nor sexual contact with another woman before today but had considered them several times in the past; now she knew she loved both. She dropped the toy to move around Irene and lie between Dave's legs. He knew what was coming and parted them, pulling his knees in to lift his wife up, higher on his cock. For her part she leant forwards, pressing her hanging tits into his chest and began kissing him. This opened the way for Sam to press her face in and take one of his hairy balls into her mouth. She rolled it around, teasing it with her tongue. She let it slip out only to play with it using her fingers while she sucked the other, enjoying the taste of Irene's pussy juices that had trickled down the shaft of her husbands cock. 

Both women knew that he couldn't withstand this sort of treatment for long. Irene climbed off his pole and Dave stood up, his cock fully erect and covered in her pussy juice. Sam and Irene kneeled in front of him, on eye level with his gorgeous member. Dave reached down with his right hand, about to start stroking it when Irene slapped it, hard.

"Naughty, naughty! That cock is ours, we'll wank and suck it until you come. You don't touch it at all!"

Sam giggled, amused by the way Irene had suddenly assumed a mock dom role after having been on the receiving end for most of the day. With that his wife grasped the shaft of his cock and directed it's head towards the pretty P.A. Teasingly, she ran the tip of her tongue over it's eye, collecting a little of the pre-cum that oozing from it. True to her new dom status Irene was giving his hairy balls a good going over with hers, occasionally squeezing them just a bit harder than was comfortable. This combination of intense pleasure and mild pain kept his cock at it's hardest. With the foreskin rolled right back, the head looked irresistible to Sam and she had to take it fully into her mouth. There was little room left to work her tongue over it surface so she bobbed her head back and forth, just catching the rim each time with her teeth. Dave tried to relax and hold out as long as possible; he knew when he finally came it would be a wonderful orgasm after the long and intensive treatment the girls had given him. Sam pulled his cock from her mouth and both she and Irene ran their tongues along its full length and all over its head. Sam began the final act of wanking his shaft and moved down to tease his heavy ball sac with her tongue while Irene kept hers flicking over the rim where his foreskin met the head. Dave's thighs went taut, the separate muscles in each clearly defined. He tried to warn the girls of what was about to happen, not that his wife needed any; she'd experienced this many, many time.

"Ahhh fuck, my fuckin' balls, ahhhh"

Irene got her mouth over the head as the first of many streams of lovely, thick, white spunk poured from his twitching cock. For Dave, just at the instant of orgasm, his balls were unbelievably sensitive. His wife knew this and usually stopped teasing them at that point. This time, however, she let the thick cream dribble from her mouth and run down his cock onto that hairy bag. She guessed, correctly, that Sam would lap it up from his balls prolonging the intensity of his orgasm to a point of unbearable pleasure. Dave tried to pull back, it was more than he could stand. But Sam, displaying a devilish streak, grabbed his balls and kept licking the spunk from them.

"Ahh, you bitch, fuck no, no!"

He moved to cover his cock with his hands but Irene held them, still keeping his cock in her mouth. As the very peak of intensity passed Dave started to relax a little and his cock began to soften in his wife's mouth. Sam finished tongue bathing his ball bag and Dave collapsed onto the sand. He'd never been able to withstand continued stimulation of his cock or balls throughout his orgasm before and this had been a unique experience for him. Irene and Sam shared a long, lingering kiss tasting the remains of his sperm; each having enjoyed their first lesbian session.

Dave switched off the camera as the three lovers enjoyed a glass of wine after their marathon session. Gently patting the camera Dave chipped in with, "We'll have to get together again and re-live this!"
