 "Have you ever thought about, sharing our bed with another man?"

Melanie was stunned by this totally out of the blue question asked by her husband Sam.

"What the hell made you ask that, Sam? We've just made love and you ask me that ...why?"

"I've just had this weird idea in my head for the last few weeks about it. What would it be like to share you with another man. One of the guys at work mentioned it as being a common fantasy of women. So have you?" Sam smiled at his wife in a questioning way.

"I don't know. I've never really thought about having two men at the same time. 

What about you have you ever fantasised about having another woman in our bed" Melanie was getting quite turned on about sharing or introducing another person or persons into their love life. 

They'd been together for nearly twenty years, she had to admit she'd thought about going with another women when she was young, But had she ever thought about having two men???

Her train of thought was interrupted as she felt Sam's erection pushing between her buttock cheeks and invading her slick opening that still leaked her and Sam's combined fluids. His erection slid in easily and they made love again unhurried, as usual...

**********************************************

The idea of having another man, fuck his wife, whilst he watched, ate away in Sam's thoughts for the next few days. 

Melanie didn't broach the subject again, so Sam thought she hadn't liked the idea and so he'd let the subject drop.

He did however get an idea to spice up their sex life. Light bondage. Sam bought a set of fluffy hand and foot cuffs and some soft cotton rope from Lovehoney.com.

On Valentines day he took Melanie out for a romantic meal, she dressed to please her man and Sam as usual was pleased to see other men take a closer look at his wife. 

She still had a great figure lovely breasts and long legs that she showed off with a fairly short skirt.

"You look so beautiful tonight my love and I have a little surprise for you when we get back home." Sam teased his wife all evening and she drank quite a lot of wine too, so by the time they got home Melanie was rather tipsy. 

She tripped climbing the steps to their front door and Sam was forced to catch hold of her at the hips. He slipped his hand under her dress to find to his surprise and delight she was wearing crotchless tights and no knickers. He pushed his hand between her buttocks and fingered her pussy.

"Oooooh you naughty man! stop that.... my husband won't like it." Melanie giggled."

"I'm not going to do it to your husband, I'm doing it to his wife though?" Sam replied responding instantly to Melanie's game.

With that Sam kissed his wife's neck put his hand inside the top of her dress and squeezed her breast. The fingers of his right hand rubbed her wet slit..

Sam was forced to reluctantly let go so he could open the door, when they entered Melanie turned round smiling mischievously walking backward. 

"So what's my present...? I've got yours right here." With that she lifted the hem of her dress to reveal her neatly shaved pussy with a little strip of neatly trimmed hair, up the middle. 

Sam was most impressed and also turned on, Melanie looked wonderful.

"Your present is upstairs in the bedroom. Wait a moment though and I'll get us a drink Wine or G&T?"

Melanie thought for a moment "Eer Wine, please don't want to mix grain and grape."

Sam collected a bottle of wine and two glasses from the kitchen.

"Go on, you go up first I want to watch your sexy arse." Sam instructed,

Taking her time Melanie pulled her tight fitting dress up to her waist, baring her bottom. Then crawling on all fours she began to slowly climb the stairs, pushing her bottom out so that her wet slit pouted at Sam.

Sam almost lost control wanting to fuck this beautiful woman, there on the stairs, taking hold of her hips and thrust himself ball deep. 

His cock strained inside him trousers. He resisted and watched in awe. When Melanie got to the top of the stairs she straightened her legs raising her bottom to be on the same level as Sam's face. Sam stood behind her and licked her slit.

Pushing his tongue deep into her hot hole, and twisting it around savouring the scent and taste of his wife. But Sam's intention was too tease and torture his wife. Not have her wanton way as she normally did.

With some little reluctance Sam stood back from licking his wife.

"Go on up into the bedroom, now young lady you are not going to get it all your own way. Now Fucking move that sweet ass and do as you are fucking well, told." he chided he voice sounding slightly angry.

Melanie didn't argue, she just jumped and ran into the bedroom. On entering she was surprised to see the room had been arranged with soft lighting using red chiffon over the bedside lamps. 

A pile of pillows were at the centre of the bed, she knew she was going to be eaten until she came, the tingle of anticipation coursed through her body. Then she saw the fluffy handcuffs at the head of the bed and foot cuffs at the foot of the bed.

Whilst Melanie had been taking in the scene Sam had set. Sam had put down the wine and poured two glasses.

Melanie turned and smiled at Sam, he handed her a glass and then chinked his glass to hers.

"Here's too a new fun beginning." Sam toasted his wife and she without thinking responded.

"Too new fun beginnings." They both drank then Sam took the glasses and put them down. 

He turned took hold of his wife kissed her deeply and passionately, at the same time he slipped the zip of her dress down and pushed the dress from her shoulders. Still kissing her, he unfastened her bra and soon he'd removed all her clothes only leaving the crotch-less tights on.

Sam guided Melanie to the bed laid her down with her hips raised up by the pile of pillows, he then put on the handcuffs and and ankle cuffs.

"Now its going to start get very naughty." Sam grinned down at his wife now restrained on the bed. He bent down and kissed her again on the mouth, his kisses continued down her body until he started to kiss and suck at her nipples. This bought moans of delight from Melanie. 

From under the pillows Sam pulled out a blindfold, gently put the blind fold on smiling lovingly at Melanie as he did.

"Oh this is new. What ever do you have in mind that I can't see?"

"You just wait."

Looking at his wife helpless naked and vulnerable on the bed her golden skin gleamed in the red light of the bedroom. Sam stripped his own clothes, he went to the top of the stairs and whispered as quietly as possible.

"OK James you can come up now."

James came to the foot of the stairs and started up very quietly. Sam had met James in the Railway pub and over the course of couple of weeks they'd become good friends. 

The conversation had in time got around to sex and Sam had found out that James had never had sex. Sam couldn't believe his luck a young man of 19 and still a virgin. James had told Sam that he'd never been brave enough, to ask a girl out and having gone to an all boys school and then straight onto university the opportunity to get a girl friend had never occurred. 

James was also extremely shy around women.

Sam told James about his fantasy to have another man fuck his wife. James had become very excited and nervous about Sam's idea. 

But as their friendship developed James became more at ease with idea. 

So here he was climbing his friends stairs naked.

"You did lock the front door, didn't you? " Sam whispered as James got to the top of stairs, and James nodded in reply. 

"She already for us, stay very quiet. Watch what I do then I'll swop over, so she shouldn't even notice the change or if she does she'll be past caring. James nodded that he understood.

Sam was pleased to see that James's cock was about the same size as his, so with luck Melanie wouldn't notice the change over. (boy was Sam randy! at the thought of seeing his wife being fucked by another man.)

James followed Sam into the bedroom, the sight that greeted him was pure sex the musk of Melanie's sex filled the air. 

James cock became even harder as he gazed down at Sam's, naked wife spreadeagled on the bed.

James stared, goggle eyed and mouth WOW!!! Sam just grinned and put his finger to his mouth.

Then in quite a loud voice Sam said "Fuck you look so, fucking sexy laid out there for all the world to see. You couldn't do anything if I'd bought a platoon of the guards to fuck you senseless. Could you? "

Melanie jumped at the raised voice, she'd heard Sam leave the room and wondered if this was part of his plan to tease her more by leaving her alone and defenceless. 

The idea did turn her on even more and now Sam had returned and suggested she could be taken by a platoon of guards. The idea frightened her but also appealed to her. She knew Sam would like to see her with another man, but he wouldn't without asking her first. Would he?

Still the idea did make her feel so wanton laying there naked her legs wide open, she knew her pussy was glistening with moisture.

She felt the mattress move as Sam came onto the bed, she then heard her vibrator start up making her push her hips up to greet her pulsating friend. Sam clamped his mouth over Melanie's clit and begin to suck the little bud. he pushed the toy into his wife's willing flesh and began to pump the shaft in and out.

Too the surprise of the both of them her orgasm came like an explosion, she'd never cum so quick .

"Oh my god that was amazing, do me some more please my love ." Melanie crooned and smiled. 

Sam said nothing he climbed off the bed and then pulled Melanie' legs even further apart and tied the ankle cuffs to rope under the bed. He then got back on the bed and sucked Melanie to orgasm again, and again it only took a matter of seconds for her to cum, and this time she even squirted.

"Oh Sam, what are you doing to me? It must the thought of those guardsmen fucking me. I'm so fucking horny. fuck me my love."

Sam said nothing as he climbed off the bed,he just looked at James and mouthed to him. "Go on fuck her, she's ready."

James almost trembling climbed on to the bed, knelt between Melanie's wide spread thighs. His cock so hard, the glands shinning and huge. Sam stood to the side "go on" he encouraged soundlessly, and James moved forward and pushed his hard cock into his, friends wife's unsuspecting pussy. 

The feeling for James was nearly to much and he had to breath deeply to stop himself from cumming to quickly . He looked at Sam, who nodded encouragement.

"Ooooh yes that feels wonderful, fuck me my darling" Melanie crooned, the feeling of hard cock was enough to take over the edge again and yet another fantastic climax coursed through her body. 

The cock in her started to twitch she knew it was about cum and flood her insides with hot fluid.

James couldn't keep quiet any longer and groaned as his seed pumped into Melanie' willing cunt.. At that moment she realised that it was a stranger in her and she came again as Sam, removed the blindfold. She looked at the both of them and smiled.

"I know I should be angry, but I'm not. That was amazing and I want more." 

"Come on James my turn." Sam said and James climbed off Melanie. 

Sam was himself on the point of coming but used his self control fucking his wife with long slow strokes. 

"Oh sorry Melanie meet James, who by the way was a virgin until tonight."

"Nice to meet you James. My very bad husband has just fulfilled a fantasy of mine, well nearly. Free me and I'll show you what else I fantasise about."

When the cuffs were removed she turned over and made Sam fuck her from behind.

James was entranced by the willingness of Melanie to continue.

"James come here and kneel in front of me." 

With his erection still sticking out and proud and covered in sex juice, James knelt in front of Melanie. 

She took his cock in her mouth swallowing until she gagged. she withdrew James cock from her mouth, and looking round at Sam.

Said " Now make me a spit roast you bad boys. You must come together and fill me from both ends."

James and Sam smiled at each other and began to enjoy Sam's only too willing wife. Melanie's pussy kept having little orgasms and she had to concentrate on sucking James to climax.

"Screw me faster Sam, faster you, Bastard faster or I'll make you swop I'm sure our boy can go like a fiddlers elbow"

"Come on Sam fuck her like she wants." James encouraged Sam.

Sam increased the speed, but he wanted to savour the moment. Screwing so fast made him want too shoot and he was loving watching Melanie sucking on James erection. 

"Then James better hurry up and cum cause I can't last much longer." Sam panted breathlessly. perspiration was pouring down Sam's body as he pumped his wife's cunt.

But Melanie knew just how to bring James off and as applied her tongue to that glands of James slick cock she knew he was so, close James jerked his hips.

"Oooh yes Fuck yes." James moaned as his seed began to flow through his shaft.

Melanie could feel Sam relax and let himself cum and shoot his seed into her cunny. Suddenly she felt the warm rush of fluid in her mouth and her pussy. Her body convulsed making the best climax she'd ever had explode through her sex crazed body.

All three groaned and moaned in satisfaction of their own climax, thoughts rushing through their minds.

Sam was "fuck, fuck, wow, that was fucking fantastic". 

Melanie thought "Fuck this can get better, two men a girl couldn't be luckier."

James "I want her and I want him, what am I doing?"

Falling into a heap of bodies Sam came up to kiss his wife her mouth still filled with James cum. He wasn't disgusted by having another man's semen in his wife's mouth he was used to tasting his own. In fact the taste and sensation turned him on, as a little thought flashed in his mind "Am I Gay? No but you might be bi."

"So do I get to keep you both?" Melanie sighed.

"well, I'd like to see where this goes, How do you feel about becoming part of the Family James?"

James was still savouring the moment, his mind replaying the recent events. A new friend had just let him fuck his wife then kissed her with his, cum in her mouth.

"Wah huh? Mmm, yes. I surely would you are both wonderful and I want more ..."

"Well that's settled all parties agree. Who ever gets hard again can choose what happens next.