 When I wrote Sam and Jill Our First Swap it was a story of what my wife and I had done in our past. Over time I have wondered what else could have happened that night if we had pushed the boundaries even more. So that is where this story comes from. If you haven't read Sam and Jill Our First Swap you will have to read it, just so that you will understand where this story comes from. I start this story at a point half way through the original. From this point on, the story goes off on a new tangent from what actually happened.

Again I have to thank (honeywldcat) for her assistance editing my work. Thanks.

 I decided the direct approach was the best way to handle this, and asked her, "Do you want to have your fantasy about being with Sam come about tonight, and if you do, would you mind if we did a little swapping with both Sam and Jill?"

Sue said, "That idea does sound intriguing." She then said, "What brought on this idea about swapping with our two good friends?"

I told Sue about some of the earlier proceedings and how Jill's and my antics had brought about this idea of swapping partners. She calmly listened to my explanation.

Sue said to me, "Well, the thought of us swapping with them is a turn on, so how are we going to go about it?"

Let me tell you, I was relieved to find she was not mad at me. I had to be sure about how she felt, so I asked her, "Is this just the drinks talking, or are you serious?"

Sue replied, "No, this does sound like an exciting thing to do and it is one of our fantasies to try something like this. So, let's do it."

I suggested, "We should try to wind up this party, so that we could start the other more adventurous one." We agreed on that and concluded that we had to get rid of Jay and Larry first.

**********

Sue thought for a bit and said, "Jay is always a hanger on and the last to leave a party, it's going to be hard to get rid of him."

I had to agree with her reasoning on that, and thought for a while, eventually coming to a decision. I then said to her, "Well, if Jay won't leave that means Larry won't either, because he rode out with Jay. About the only way to get our fantasy happening tonight might be to include them in the action, too. What do you think about that idea?" 

That thought caught Sue by surprise and her eyes got as big as saucers as she looked back at me. She finally spoke and startled me when she said, "Whoa, when you first came up with the idea of swapping with Sam and Jill it sounded like fun and I was getting hot thinking about it. This new idea of yours of upping the stakes from a swap to an orgy may be pushing things a bit. But I admit it does sound very exciting. Do you think everyone would agree to do something this wild and kinky?"

I told her, "I can only see one stumbling block. Sam might not want to share his wife, but I think he will be like any other male of the species and if offered sex with a sexy woman... namely you, he will jump at it. I'm also sure that Jay and Larry will have no problem jumping at the chance to fuck anything that is offered to them."

So Sue and I agreed we would go for it and see if we could arrange the orgy. I went back to Jill and told her that Sue was OK with the idea. I then told Jill, "There is a slight change of plans though. Instead of the four of us wife swapping things have changed a bit and Sue and I thought that maybe an orgy with everyone here was a better option because then we wouldn't have to be obvious about our reasons of trying to get rid of Larry and Jay."

Jill was a little taken aback by this and was slow to respond. She said, "I have to think about that. I have thought about being with you a few times and wondered what it would be like, but I have never thought about being this free with my body and this idea of an orgy is a bit radical." She thought for a while more then with a smile said, "I can see where it might be fun though."

I told her, "I still have to talk to Sam and maybe he would not agree to something like this."

Jill then told me, "This is new ground for me and I will go along with the idea if Sam is OK with it, but if I have second thoughts about anything I want to be able to back out at any time with no hard feelings."

I figured that Jill being a bit hesitant was understandable under the circumstances and told her, "I will get things going once we go back in the house and I hope you go along with this, because I would like to enjoy sampling your body." 

I then went back to Sue and told her what Jill had decided and that we would just have to see how things played out. I also asked her to follow my lead when we got back into the house and that if she did, we should be able to get things rolling without too much trouble.

Sue told me, "I've thought about this a bit when you were talking to Jill and the thought of an orgy tonight has me turned on, so even if Jill doesn't participate I want to go ahead with the orgy." We both agreed that doing something like this could be a fun exciting thing to do that night.

After a while, I mentioned to everyone, "It's getting cooler outside, I think it is time to go inside to continue he party." Everyone agreed and we moved into the house. While everyone was going inside I took Sam aside and asked him if he had been having a good time at the party.

Sam said, "I've been having a good time and the party is fun."

I quizzed him about what he had had been doing with Sue while he sat with her by the fire and he guiltily said, I hope you don't mind because I managed to sneak in a few feels of her body and she seemed to like them." He added, "I hope you are not mad, because I know you have been doing the same thing with my wife."

What could I say? I didn't think he had seen us, but obviously he had, so I told him the truth and said, "I have been enjoying groping Jill and she didn't stop me, so I continued." We had a good laugh at that and then I proclaimed, "If we keep this up maybe bigger and better things could be done later."

He replied, "I cannot imagine it getting any better." That's when told him about the tentative plans that had been made so far.

He was extremely surprised about the plans, but he said, "I have always wanted to fuck your wife and an orgy is a great idea." He also stated, "I am amazed that Jill would be interested in doing this, because something like participating in and orgy seems to be against her nature."

I explained to him, "Jill is interested in having sex with me, but she wants to see how things go and to have the option to say no if she isn't comfortable with anything more than that. I think all we can do was to start the ball rolling and see where things go from there."

We went into the house to join the others and the normal conversation continued for a while. When Sam got up off the loveseat to get some snacks I moved over beside Jill. This left Larry, Jay, and Sue on the couch with Sam sitting on a chair. I put my arm around Jill and told her, "I have talked with Sam and he is OK with the orgy, but he is worried about you and what you are willing to do." I then asked her, "Are you sure about what is going to happen?"

Jill replied, "I'm OK for now and I do want you... but including the others may be a bit much and I will just have to see how things go later."

I then figured that now was as good a time as any to get everything rolling and looked over at Sue, and winked at her. I held up my drink and asked her, "Could you please put some more ice in my drink?"

She smiled at me and got up, got my glass and went into the kitchen. After she had got to the kitchen, I yelled at her, "I would really like to have that ice you are getting me in my drink served topless."

Everyone sort of stopped and looked at me. Jay commented, "That sure sounds like a hell of an idea, but there's no way she will do it." 

Sue remembered what I had said about following my lead and when she came back into the front room everyone's jaws dropped, because she was indeed topless.

She brought over my drink, her boobs jiggling and bouncing all the way, and calmly asked, "Is that all?"

I replied, "Maybe you should ask the others if they want something?"

Sam then boldly stated, "I would like another drink, if you can serve it dressed the same as you are now." 

Sue took his glass and headed into the kitchen. In the next few minutes Sue had to make two more trips, because Larry and Jay needed refills to. Each time she came into the room she seemed to exaggerate her step so that her breasts bounced as much as they could.

Jill sat through all this looking at the others and did not say anything. 

Sue asked, "Has everyone had enough now?" Referring to the drinks she had just brought everyone and the guys all replied yes.

I said to Sue, "There is no such thing as having enough when there is a topless waitress." I continued that thought by saying, "I think you definitely have gotten everyone's attention with your fine boobs."

Of course the guys all agreed with me and told her she had wonderful tits and they looked fine. I figured that it was time to escalate things more and told Sue, "I think that because the guys all agree that you have nice tits. They all seem to think that it could not get better tonight, maybe you should let all the guys feel those fine tits of yours as a way of proving to them that the night could indeed get better."

Sue smiled at me and she sat herself between Larry and Jay and in a naughty voice asked them, "Are you sure you guys can handle this?"

Jay looked at me uncertainly. I smiled back and told him, "You'll never get a better chance than this." 

Jay then reached over and caressed her boob. Larry, not to be left out, followed his lead and fondled the other one and Sue closed her eyes and leaned back. I knew that Sue was enjoying this because she has sensitive tits and likes to have them manhandled.

Sam looked over at his wife Jill and asked her, "Are you OK with this?" 

She just smiled back and Sam took this as a good sign.

I put my arm around Jill and pulled her close. I asked her how she felt about watching Sue as she was being felt up by two guys and she said, "I sort of feel funny watching this, but it is a good kind of funny that I cannot really explain." She just took another sip from her drink and cuddled in closer to me. I got bolder with her and with the arm that I had around her, I cupped her breast with my hand. I was glad when she did not resist my advances and when I looked over at Sam, he was watching with a smile that was almost as big as my wife's.

Jay then started to kiss and suck Sue's boob that he had been playing with, and Larry joined in on the other one. Sue was enjoying the attention these two were paying to her and she reached up and pulled both their heads into her chest. Meanwhile, I had undone a couple of buttons on Jill's shirt and had got my hand inside to her firm boobs. They were not that big, but they were very firm and hot. Her nipples instantly got hard and with more rubbing turned rock like. I commented to her on how much I liked her small, firm tits and she turned and gave me a kiss.

Meanwhile, Sam was sitting there and said in a mournful voice, "Sue has two guys working over her body and my wife is being felt up by another guy, I feel left out."

Sue suggested, "If you feel that way, maybe you should get my pants off because there is another good body part to play with there."

I never saw anyone move so fast. Sue lifted her ass off the couch to assist in the removal of her pants and was soon naked. She then asked the three guys to strip, because she wanted to play with them, too. By the time I blinked, they were all naked. Sam wasted no time in getting down between Sue's legs. He started eating my wife's great tasting pussy, making her moan. The others went back to her boobs.

I kept myself busy with Jill and soon had all the buttons on her shirt open and off. She was watching the others on the other side of the room in total concentration. She had this look on her face that was a mixture of being startled and wonderment. Her eyes were as big a saucers and she was breathing deeply. I tried to kiss her again, but she did not put much into the kiss as she was shifting around trying to get back to watching the others. I then got her to sit on my lap with her back to me so that she could watch the others. This seemed to work as she leaned back into me and started to rub my legs, this position also let me reach around to her front and I played with both of her tits at the same time. This satisfied both of us and we continued to watch what the other four were up to.

While Jill and I watched, Sue told the guys, "It's time to switch positions." 

She directed Jay to move to her pussy while Larry moved over to the tit that Jay had been on, and Sam went to the tit that Jay had left. They all went back to work on Sue and she closed her eyes again and reached over and grabbed a hard cock in both of her hands and slowly stroked them.

As Sue grabbed Sam's cock, Jill sat straight up and gave a gasp. I thought that maybe she was going to stop things now, but she just sat there breathing harder. She slowly leaned back again as she got used to the idea of someone else touching her husband. I then went back to rolling her nipples with my fingers. Larry looked over at Jill and I, and he commented to Sam, "Your wife sure is sexy. If she was my wife I would have her naked and in bed all the time!"

Sam thanked him for the compliment about his wife and said to Jill, "See, I'm not the only one that thinks you are sexy. Looking at you being felt up by Bill is turning me on. I hope you are enjoying yourself, because you sure look like you are." Jill seemed to relax in my arms after that statement from her husband.

After a while more, Sue then asked the guys to change positions again. After they had all got off her, she got off the couch and lay down on the floor. Sue told Larry to eat her again since he was good at it. Jay was to get back to both her tits and Sam, she wanted at her head so that she could suck his cock. Jill gave a gasp and took a deep breath, but did not move out of my grasp. They all got into their positions and carried on. I got real hard as Sam slipped his hard cock into Sue's mouth. Larry was eating her pussy like there was no tomorrow and Jay was alternating with her slightly red and swollen tits. Sue had a hard cock in her mouth as well as one in each of her hands. She looked like she was in heaven as she squirmed about between those guys.

I asked Jill, "Are you having a good time watching Sue with those three studs, one of which is your husband?" 

She half turned and gave me a tongue-lashing kiss and tried to suck my tongue out of my mouth. I figured that with a response like that everything was OK with her. I then got her to stand up and turn around and lower herself back down straddling me. With her in this position I could start to kiss and suck on her breasts and without any delay I did. Jill responded by grasping my head and directing it back and forth between those granite hard nipples of hers.

She stopped me from sucking her boobs, and then undid my shirt and was caressing my chest. We found that our clothes seemed to be getting in the way, and we stood up to get them off.

We looked at each other while standing there naked and started kissing and caressing each other's body. Sam yelled over at her, "Yeah baby, you're hot, go for it!" 

This seemed to get Jill fired up as she kissed me with avid enthusiasm.

I looked over at the others and they had been busy. Sue was now on her hands and knees with Jay feeding his cock into her mouth, Sam was on his back under Sue's chest on boob duty again, and surprise, surprise, Larry now had his cock buried to the hilt in Sue's cunt. Sue's was getting a suck and fuck and she was thoroughly into it. Larry was ramming in and out of her, and on each thrust in, he was pushing her mouth onto Jay's hard cock. Sue was giving a little grunt with each thrust. They all continued like this for a few minutes. Then they all switched positions again.

While this was going on Jill had her back to the others and was not aware of what they had been up to. I had got Jill's naked body back on the loveseat with her straddling me again. We carried on making out with a lot of touching each other. She gave a little jump as I lowered my hand down and touched her mound. Then she started to move her hips back and forth into my hand. I slowly inserted a finger and found her pussy sopping wet.

She returned the favour by reaching down and grasping my now very hard eight inches of love muscle and stroking it. After a little bit of this action, I asked her if she wanted to continue but maybe watch the others at the same time. She said yes. She was turning into quite the voyeur. I then instructed her to close her eyes and not to open them until I told her to.

She asked me "Why?"

I said, "Keep your eyes closed and when I tell you to open your eyes, you will get a real surprise."

She did as I requested and we stood up and I turned her around, so she was facing the others. When we sat down again my cock was rubbing on her pussy lips and she wiggled her ass around a little, getting me lined up with her love tunnel. I told her, "Keep your eyes closed for a bit more." As I pushed my cock so it was just starting to enter her pussy.

I lowered one hand down and rubbed her moist clit with one hand and with the other rolled her nipples.

Sue was looking at me and I could tell she was right into the action those three guys were giving her, because her whole body was shaking between the two cocks in her. I whispered into Jill's ear telling her, "When I tell you to open your eyes you will see a fantastic sight, but first I want to be fucking you when you do open your eyes."

I slowly pushed more of me into her pussy and I used both hands to grip Jill's waist in case she did not respond favourably when she saw her husband sexually involved with Sue. I then told her, "Open your eyes."

When she did, her whole body gave a jump and on the rebound she settled down on my cock further. All she could gasp out was, "OH WOW." 

Sue was still being fucked by Larry and at the same time, Jay had his cock as far into her mouth as he could, Sam had given up trying to suck her tits and was instead kneading them for all he was worth. Sue then turned up the volume on her grunts and moans and pulled back off Jay and said that she was about to cum. 

Larry doubled his pace as he ploughed into her for all he was worth. Sue pushed back hard to meet his stokes and gave a cry as she came. The two of them then collapsed on the floor and Larry pulled out of her. 

During this short time, Jill had leaned forward to get a better look and was visibly turned on by this spectacle. This allowed me to penetrate even deeper as I pumped her hot pussy.

Sue reached for Jay's cock and said, "You next." Jay did not argue in the least as he got behind her, lifted her ass up and inserted is cock into her. Larry was off to Sue's side now grabbing two handfuls of her breasts.

Sam looked at Jill and said to her, "I hope you don't mind, but right now I am going to get Sue to suck me off, and I am too horny for you to stop me."

Jill told him, "Go ahead she looks like she wants more." 

Sam then crawled around in front of Sue and stuck his tool in Sue's face. Sue readily gobbled it up. Jill moaned as she watched her husband's pole disappear in Sue's mouth and started to energetically buck on my pole. 

I had my hands on Jill's waist and pulled her back hard on my lap. As she came back, I pushed all eight inches into her cunt. She suddenly stopped and all the air went out of her in a rush. I don't think that she was expecting that to happen. All she said was, Holy shit... you are a lot bigger than Sam. Dam you fill me up." I waited for her to relax and she then took another deep breath and she started squirming on me. We got a rhythm going and I enjoyed the feeling of that tight pussy as we fucked each other.
