 Jake pulled his truck into the parking space. He exited and started walking towards the entrance of the grocery store. There was a good two inches of snow on the ground now, and it didn't look like it would stop anytime soon. He passes through the entrance and the bright lights and holiday atmosphere hit him. 

He's home for the holidays, the first since his split with a longtime girlfriend. It was a difficult but necessary separation and being home was helping him recharge. Family and friends had gathered at his parents tonight, but he took off to buy some whipping cream for Irish coffee. He slowly strolled through the aisles taking in images from his childhood. He had been gone from the city for 20 years, but much of the neighborhood still looked the same. 

As he entered the dairy section a woman caught his eye. She looked familiar, but why. Then it hit him. She had been a close friend in college. She looked different, but still attractive. The years had been a friend to her. She had matured into a beautiful woman. There was that one night, but they never dated. After college she moved back to their home town. He left the state for a job. They stayed in touch for a while, but eventually drifted apart after a few years. He had not seen or communicated with her in fifteen years. Her back was turned to him now, and he walked up behind her. 

He touches her on the sleeve, and says "Excuse me." 

She turns, a look of confusion on her face at first, and then her eyes open wide. "Jake!" she says. 

She throws her arms around his neck. He knows she is truly happy to see him. They talk and catch up. She still lives in town, is married, two teenage kids and seems happy. His situation is not quite as stable, but he is moving on and is in a better place than he was a year ago. They talk for half an hour and decide that it's time to check out. 

Out in the parking lot they say goodbye again. She hugs him one last time. He's reluctant to let go of her. As he does, he brushes the hair from her face. She forces a smile. Without a word they both turn and walk towards their vehicles. He opens the door to his truck he hears her call out, "Jake!". He stops and turns, she was walking toward him. 

"Do you really have to go just yet?" she asks, "Would you like to come over, talk for a while and meet my husband?"

"Yeah, but people are waiting." he reluctantly responds.

"I understand. It's just that it's been a long time. I have missed you over the years, and it really would be nice to spend more time with you."

He thinks for a moment "You know, I have missed you too. I can still see family tomorrow. Where do you live?"

She gives him her address and they part for now. He calls his family and explains he will be home later.

She calls her husband, "Steven, I ran into Jake..... I know, I can't believe it either..... I don't know, I don't know", she says softly. "I will be home in a few minutes"

On her way home, she thinks back to a conversation between her and Steven a couple of months prior. They were lying in bed. She had been satisfied and was coaxing Steven along. He lies on his back. She sits between his legs which were draped over hers, and runs her finger nails down his thighs. He arches his back and lets out a moan. 

"Tell me about a fantasy" he says. 

"What?" she responds. 

"If you could have sex with anyone from your past, who would it be?"

"Hmmm.... Let me think", she sees him starting to stiffen as she continues to run her fingers over him. "Jake"

"Jake? I didn't think you had any history with him."

"I don't, we were just close friends. We always had a connection though. His interest in me always felt sincere."

"Did anything ever happen between you two?"

"One night we were in my dorm room. We had been drinking and we kissed. But my roommate came home just as things were starting to heat up." She was running hand down the underside of his full erection now.

"So what do you imagine doing with him?"

"A threesome."

"A threesome!?!?!?" his head jerking up to look at her.

"Yeah.... With another important guy in my life", she says as she smiles back at Steven.

"Wow, tell me about that!"

She takes Steven in her hand and begins to stroke him, and shares her fantasy of making love to him and Jake at the same time. She describes both of them touching and kissing her. Their hands all over her body, she doesn't even know who is who. Both of them inside of her, giving herself completely to them. As she reaches the climax of her story, so does Steven. He bucks his hips and spasms in her hand. His eyes open and she is watching him. He begins to soften in her hand and relax again.

"You wouldn't want to be with just him?" Steven asks.

"Maybe.... Sometimes I feel as if there was a connection there that was not fully explored. How would you feel about that?"

"I don't know... That's not whom I expected you to say. I expected you to go for pure sex." They both laughed and the conversation drifted to other topics before eventually falling asleep.

She snaps back to the present, and pulls into the driveway. The garage opens, allowing her in. She walks into the house and Steven is waiting for her. Without saying anything she rushes toward him and into his arms. Her head buried in his chest.

"Are you alright?" he asks.

"Yes, just nervous." she says.

"If you want this, you can have it."

She looks up at him, a slightly surprised look on her face. "It was a fantasy... it's not supposed to be real." she says

"How did you feel when you saw him?"

"My heart stopped.... It was like I just saw him yesterday. I felt as if the connection was still there."

"If you want to explore this you can."

"What if he rejects the idea?"

"I guess that's the chance you have to take. But I can't imagine that. Just see how it goes."

She sits down and fidgets. "What do you do when presented with your fantasy." she thinks.

Her thoughts are interrupted by the doorbell. It's Jake. She welcomes him into the house and they sit down in the living room. Shortly, Steven joins them and suggests a drink. The evening moves on and they continue to talk. It's as if the last 15 years of separation mean nothing, there is an air of comfort in the room as they tell old stories and share successes and failures from the last 15 years. 

The alcohol lowers the inhibitions even more and the stories become racier. Steven leaves the room and finally she gets up the nerve to share her inner thoughts with Jake. She tells him what their friendship meant to her and realizes that after looking back there could have been more. She can't say what she really wants to though. She stands up and walks towards the fire place, her back to Jake now.

"I guess what I am trying to say....", she says as Steven walks back into the room.

"What she is trying to say is that she wants to make love to the two men she cares for most.", Steven says as he walks back into the room.

She spins on her heel, and faces Steven, a look of shock on her face. She feels her face turn flush, and turns to look at Jake to gauge his reaction. Jake simply smiles back at her. 

Steven walks toward her, she watches him, unsure of what to say or do. He takes the drink from her hand and places it on the side table. He places his hand at the side of her face and runs his fingers back through her hair and leans down to kiss her. She feels his hot lips on her mouth and her body relaxes. His other hand slides around her waist, drawing her into him. His tongue is in her mouth, and she feels weak within his grasp. 

Suddenly she feels a hand on hip, and another set of lips on the back of her neck. "My God!" she thinks, "Is that Jake?" 

She escapes Steven's kiss and exhales with a soft moan. Steven's kisses find their way down the front of her neck. Jake's other hand is in her hair now and she is very aware of two sets of hands on her body. A hand cups her small firm breast through her blouse. Is it Steven's? Is it Jake's? She is unsure. It finds her nipple through the fabric, circling and teasing it. 

A hand moves down her butt, squeezing her cheek. She arches her neck. She can barely feel her legs and it feels as if she is being held up by these four hands. The hand on her breast moves to the buttons of her blouse and starts to tug at them. She can feel kisses down the front of her chest as the buttons are opened. At the same time, another hand is pulling at her jeans. 

She feels her breasts exposed to the air now, just her bra covering them. The hand is cupping one, as a mouth hungers for a taste of the soft flesh. She can feel the pressure of her jeans slacken around her waist, and then tugging as she feels the cooler air on her now exposed hips. Her shirt slides off her shoulders, there are hands pulling it from her arms. The kisses are back on her neck and chest. She feels them on her back working their way down to her panty line. 

The hands are pushing her jeans down her thighs now. She has given herself up to them, and they are controlling her body now. The jeans are down around her ankles, she lifts one foot and then the other as she is helped out of them. 

She feels her bra release from around her; it slides off, exposing her breasts. The greedy hands take control of her breasts. Her nipples ache with desire; she feels a mouth capture one and is drawn in deeper. The other is trapped between fingers. She feels the other mouth kissing the back of her thigh, it works its way up to her butt and she feels the hands beneath her panties. The hands massage her cheeks and a signal of her approval escapes her lips. 

She feels herself being pulled to the floor and on to the plush rug, the hardwood floor beneath it. She can feel the warmth of the fire place on her skin, her body feels completely flush. Her panties are gone now, she feels completely exposed. She feels a mouth on each nipple now. 

A hand trails down her stomach, searching for the tuft of downy hair between her legs. She grants access to hand and it palms her mound. The Heal of a hand pressing on her clit, slowly rocking back and forth. Finger tips trace up and down the inside of her thigh, brushing up against the folds of her entrance before wandering back down to her knee. 

It's as if she's in a dream, the sensation of a second person on her body is completely foreign and surprising. She relaxes and gives herself up to them, letting them take her where they want. The dreamy feeling of floating along is suddenly interrupted as she is pulled on top of someone. 

Her senses come back to her. She looks down to see Steven's face, his hands on her ass, his cock working against her wet slit, searching for entry. It finds its mark and is buried in her with one swift motion, leaving her breathless for moment. The sharp pain passes quickly, and she falls in rhythm with Steven. Her hips grinding when she reaches the base of his cock, before he slides out of her again.

Jake's hand moves up her back, finding her hair. His fingers move through the tangles, she arches her back and gets lost in the multiple sensations. She turns her head toward Jake, seeing his cock for the first time. She smiles at him, and takes him in mouth. He is thick and fills her mouth. He resists the urge to push deeper into her mouth, instead enjoying the feel of her lips against the ridge of the head as it passes in and out of her. She feels powerful, controlling and pleasuring two men at once.

Jake pulls from her mouth and she lets out a whimper. The thrusts from Steven quickly distract her though, she leans down to grind her clit against him harder. She senses Jake behind her, his hands massage her ass cheeks. Her cheeks spread and she feels a wet thumb against her anus. 

Her hips buck with a start, "Oh Fuck!" she thinks, "Is really going to do that?". 

Just as she begins to relax again and enjoy the sensation of the pressure pushing and sliding against her ass, she feels something else. The head of Jake's cock is now pressing against the small area between her cunt and ass, trying to gain entrance. She wants to tell him to stop, not believing she can take both, but the thought of being filled by the two men she desires is too much. 

His slick cock finally pushes through. "Oh God!!" she screams as she feels herself being stretched further than she ever thought possible. 

She can feel the two cocks alternating as they push in and out of her. She feels engulfed as the weight of Jake pushes down on her, her clit grinding even harder against Steven. 

The pounding from Jake and the grinding against Steven is all she can take. It feels as if her whole body spasms as she cums. Now limp, she is bounced around like a rag doll between Jake and Steven. Each one of them fighting to reach his own orgasm. Steven is first, and she can feel the flood of his warmth inside her. Jake pumps faster now, aided by the lubricant Steven has left inside of her. She can hear his hips slapping against her ass, his rhythm quickening until he pauses with a few quick thrusts, more warmth inside her. Jake collapses over the top of her and rolls off. 

Her head lying on Steven's chest, she catches Jake's eye and mouths "Thank you." He smiles in return. 

Running his fingers through her hair, Steven says "I think you two should spend some time alone." 

"Are you sure?" she says.

Steven nods and moves to get out from under her. She reaches out and touches Jake's face. 

"Are you ok with this?" she asks Jake.

"Yes"

She stands and reaches for Jake's hand. He follows her to the bedroom. They talk for an hour, sharing thoughts from their younger days that up to this point had remained unspoken. They make love again, this time just the two of them. She collapses on top of him after they have both cum. His hands find her hair and his fingers trail down her back, across her ass and along her thighs. He is in disbelief that he is laying here, her on top of him, and the feel of her skin beneath his fingertips. 

He hears her breathing softly now as she falls asleep, he fights sleep. He wants to enjoy the feel of her as long as he can.

He wakes in the middle of the night. She is still in his arms. He kisses her head, gets out of bed, dresses and leaves the bedroom. He finds Steven back in the living room, awake and reading. 

"It's time to leave", Jake says.

"You were a hard guy to find", Steven says "but thank you. It meant a lot, and gave her some closure."

Jake nods and heads for the door. Climbing into his truck, and heads back to his parents, trying to forget what could have been.