 "Your room in number 15, on the first floor – here's the other key," said the kid at reception. "Everything should be ready for you miss, er, Jones. Have you stayed with us before?"

"Several times," thought Brian to himself. Why was it that it seemed so sordid? If only they could be open about their relationship, rather than sneaking away to soulless motels on the edge of industrial estates.

"Well, I hope you have a good night's rest." The youth grinned laciviously, as if he too knew the purpose of their visit. "Just how many rooms had couples conducting illicit affairs?", wondered Brian. "And why 'the other' key?"

Samantha led the way to their room. A double bed, a sofa, TV, shower – everything was exactly as it was the last time, and the time before. By the door was a walk-in wardrobe, it's door slightly ajar. Well, no suit to hang up on this business trip at least! Brian sat on the bed and removed his shoes, and admired the girl opposite him. Samantha leant nervously against the TV shelf. She was smartly dressed, but with just a hint of sluttishness - her tight blouse unbuttoned just a little too far; her skirt tight and split to the thigh, revealing a glimpse of lacy stocking top.

"So, have you had a good day?" she asked him, as she slipped the engagement ring from her hand and carefully stowed it in her bag. Brian felt his own finger nervously; he didn't wear a ring, but they both knew the situation.. There was always this few minutes of small talk. Both knew why they were there; both were itching to devour each other, but the usual rituals had to be performed. Brian ran through his day: a report written, a meeting attended. Though if true be told, he hadn't been able to concentrate on any of those tasks. All he could think of was Samantha...

He beckoned her forward, then flopped back so she fell on top of him. Quickly he undid the buttons on her blouse to reveal her black bra. Her breasts were not large but not small either; he loved the way they fell forward, accentuating her cleavage when she leaned over him. Her dark hair flopped over her face. Brian's hands caressed her breasts, then moved down over her arse and thighs, pushing her skirt up to reveal her stocking tops. He fumbled for the zip but eventually found it and loosened her skirt. Samantha sat up and wriggled out of it, casting it aside along with her blouse. Her body was slim and lightly tanned. Brian's hands explored tenderly as he found himself getting quickly turned on.

Samantha ran her hands over his body, then loosened his tie and unbuttoned his shirt. She was in more of a hurry than him, unzipping his trousers to reveal his enormous cock. She held it in her hand, then ran her tongue around its tip. Brian shut his eyes in pleasure. As he did so, he thought he heard the creak of the cupboard door opening. He opened his eyes with a start.

"What's up, sweetie?" asked Samantha

"I thought I heard the door open."

"Oh, it's just the wind outside. Here, put this on, we're going to have a little game." Samantha tossed him an eye mask, a souvenir of her last long-haul flight. "You always do all the work. Well tonight, just lie back and enjoy it – it's my turn to fuck you."

Brian did as he was told. His skin tingled with anticipation. Samantha leaned over, and he felt her lips move forward for a kiss, then she slowly moved down his body, caressing as she went. He felt her tongue on his cock, then the warmth as she started to work her mouth down. Brian felt the tension of the day recede from his body; he ran his hands through her lustrous hair, now just imagining its colour. If anything, this was more intense than seeing his seductress in action.

But Samantha wasn't ready to bring him off yet; she was in a strangely teasing mode, strange at least by her standards. As slowly as she had moved down his body, she moved back up, pausing to lick his chest, nibble his ear.

There was that creak again...

As Samantha moved in once more to kiss him, Brian didn't at first find it strange that his cock felt warm too. Half unconscious with bliss, he let the waves of pleasure spread through him. Samantha's tongue played around his mouth. Samantha's? Yes he was sure about that. He would recognise her kisses anywhere. So who's tongue was so expertly teasing his cock? Whoever it was was an expert. He felt the tongue run up the back of his cock to the tip, then the warmth as the strangers lips swallowed the end of his shaft. Who was this stranger?

Brian started to move his hand to remove the sleep mask, but Samantha was too quick. Grabbing his arms, she pinned them down to the bed – not violently, but with enough force to brook no argument. Brian relaxed, defeated and concentrated instead on the pleasure. He felt the stranger's hand grip his cock, the fingers long and slim and soft. So the stranger was a woman, then. Her hand expertly grasped his cock; the thumb behind and two fingers in front, then she started to gently masturbate him. All the while her tongue teasingly played around the tip of his cock. Slowly but surely he felt more and more of him enter her mouth. She gripped him harder and moved her fingers faster until eventually there was no room left on his cock to hold; but she continued the movement, tightening her lips around his cock and sliding it in and out of her mouth. The pleasure welled up in Brian, he began to make tiny gasps with each new thrust from this expert at his cock. 

Samantha loosened her grip on Brian's arms and turned to face her friend. Smiling, she lowered herself over Brian's face. Unseeing, Brian could smell her wet cunt as it moved towards him. His tongue reached out against her panties; he stretched across to pull them aside and started to work his tongue around her pussy. He savoured the sweet taste of her, using his tongue to probe the length of her cunt before starting to concentrate on her clitoris. Now Samantha's gasps filled the room. Rocking forward, she steadied herself on her friends shoulders, pushing her friend down further onto Brian's enormous cock. The extra pressure was too much for him, and with a final gasp he felt his hot cum flow through his cock and into the stranger's mouth. For a brief second she stayed down on him, then sat up and kissed Samantha, allowing the two friends to share the taste of their prisoner's salty spunk. It was the beginning of a wild night...

= = =

As the three of them walked out the next morning past the reception, Samantha dropped the keys in the box on the counter. She was dismayed to see the same spotty youth at reception as the previous day. "Do these people never go home?" she wondered.

"I hope you all got a good night's rest" said the kid, cheerily. Brian smiled inwardly – "if only you knew!", he thought. An hour later he was asleep at his desk in the office...