 So there I was: hands clamped on either side of my girlfriend's rock hard ass, my cock sliding in and out and in and out of her tight, wet pussy from behind.

As I continued to pound her relentlessly -- occasionally sinking my cock full bore and grinding my hips in circles into her full depth -- moans of pleasure filled the room. 

My girlfriend's moans were muffled not by the pillows on the bed, however, but because her tongue and mouth were mired between the silky thighs of her best friend.

As you can imagine, the sight before me was both intoxicating and highly erotic.

-------------------

My girlfriend Beth was a petite brunette with silky black hair and dark, olive skin. Her breasts were nice, natural 34Cs and she always had a sex kitten demeanor about her that was a complete turn-on. Obvious, too, was her bisexuality and the fact she loved women just as much as she loved to suck cock.

Her friend, Jennifer, was someone we both found attractive. She was a hot redhead with bigger breasts (38D I believe), a creamier complexion and an even bigger appetite for sex. Jennifer was highly sexed to the point of being a total slut, but she carried herself with an air of confidence and intelligence that did not project the sexual beast she kept hidden within.

We were all in our mid-20s, and this was the first of what would be many beautiful encounters we would enjoy.

-------------------

Beth and I had flown up from Los Angeles to San Francisco for a weekend getaway because she had never been there. I love San Francisco and knew she would like it too, so we booked a nice hotel room at The Donatello -- nothing fancy, but clean and centrally located. Upon arrival, we shed our bags and took out over the town, visiting all my usual haunts: Lefty O'Doul's for a bite and a few beers, Union Square, Macy's for shopping, North Beach for dinner (you get the idea). After dinner we headed back to the hotel, a little tired, a bit tipsy... and completely horny. 

On the short cab ride back to the hotel, Beth and I were all over each other, kissing, groping; my hand between her legs, her hand stroking me through my jeans.

As we pulled up to the hotel, Beth pulled away from my lips and lightly purred into my ear. "I can't wait to suck your cock," she whispered. 

By the time we got to the room, my cock was throbbing and Beth practically raped me at the door. We ripped each other's clothes off just inside the door as she pushed me back against the closet, knelt down in front of me, her face inches from my cock. 

"Mmmm, the perfect dessert," she purred, looking up into my eyes as her mouth descended on my cock. "And I bet it's got a creamy filling."

"Ohh you sexy thing... yes, suck it!" was all I could muster as my hand found her silky hair and gently caressed it. 

Beth didn't immediately engulf me, but rather teased and admired my cock in a way a man enjoys having his cock worshipped. She stroked it back and forth, swirling her tongue around the head, rubbing its length across her face, cheeks and lips. 

"He's so hard for me," she teased. "Big, hard cock wants to be sucked, doesn't he?"

A silent nod was all I could muster in lieu of blowing my load all over her pretty face. While an interesting thought, I just closed my eyes and rested my head back against the door and held back.

As she continued to stroke and tease me, Beth slowly, agonizingly took the head of my cock into her mouth, then sank all the way down until it was lodged in her throat. 

"Ohhh yesssss," I groaned. "All the way down."

She slowly pulled off and admired my saliva-covered cock. 

"Mmmm, tasty," she said. "But I want more." 

Then she deftly began sucking me in earnest, her mouth sucking every inch of me, a hand caressing my balls, another sliding over my chest, pinching a nipple. I was in heaven: my beautiful girlfriend slobbering and sucking me, my hands wrapped in her hair, fucking her face.

"Aggghhh, keep going" I moaned, on the brink but not quite ready to blow.

She pulled off my cock and stroked it with both hands, all the while looking up at me.

"You're cock is sooo hard... Got a big load for me, huh?" she cooed. "A nice big creamy load for my pretty face?"

"Ahhhh, is that what you want?" I asked rhetorically. "Mmmm, you love the cock, don't you?"

She nodded silently as she started rubbing my cock across her nipples and breasts, slapping my cock on her face. I was very close, but then she eased off a little.

"Y'know Jennifer's flying up tonight," she teased, holding my cock like a microphone stroking it slowly back and forth, bringing the shaft to her soft breasts, rubbing the tip into her smooth, pliable tits. "She's never been here either and wanted to come up and spend time with us."

"Really?" I said, trying not to be too enthusiastic, but the thought of hanging out with two gorgeous women was increasing my arousal ten-fold. 

"Bet you'd like to rub your cock across those pretty tits of hers, huh?" she teased. "Maybe slide your hard cock between her magnificent soft breasts."

"Mmmm you horny slut," I replied, the vision of Jennifer's tits wrapped around my cock was indelible, the feeling of Beth's nipples on my cock further enhancing the vision.

"Aggghhh, you're driving me crazy," I groaned. "Let me lick you."

As painful yet pleasurable as it was, I managed to tear my cock away from Beth's clutching hands. I lifted her up and basically tossed her on the bed.

"Not it's my turn, your horny slut," I said crawling into the bed, Beth's legs splayed out before me. 

I eased up between her thighs, and approached her pussy with eagerness. I love to eat a girl and make her squirm. I rested my head on her thigh as my hand caressed her pussy, tracing a finger around her clit, sliding it up and down her slit.

"Mmmm, sooo wet are we," I cooed in my best Yoda voice. As I leaned in to kiss her clit, my fingers traced her folds and rubbed along the entrance to her wet slit.

"Mmmm... Yeah, lick my clit," she moaned.

I took her clit in my mouth and swirled my tongue around the hard nub, my mouth fully pressing against her mound. I slowly took her clit between my lips and pulled and sucked on it like a tiny, little cock. Stretching and pulling it with my lips, then releasing it, then repeating over and over while my tongue swirled around the tip. 

I slid my tongue down to her slit as my hands reached up to caress her breasts, my nose rubbing back and forth and back and forth across her wet juicy clit. My dessert was her pussy and I was gobbling her up.

"Yessssss," she moaned, grabbing a hand on her breast, while the other pulled my head further into her pussy. I looked up at her as my tongue teased her slit and made its way back up to her clit. 

As I pulled back to admire her wetness, I rubbed two fingers into her vagina, making sure to work them in nicely as my tongue did a number on her clit.

Well, actually not numbers, but rather the alphabet.

I love nothing more than to softly trace the letters of the alphabet around, across and up and down a juicy wet clit. 

A couple of stabs at the letter A, tongue floating lightly over her clit as I slowly traced the diagonal lines up and down each side of her juicy button. Then I tickled the underside of her clit, side-to-side, and repeated the letter a few times, like I was making a triangle.

"Mmmmm, yeah lick it, baby," she purred.

I was onto the letter B, with quick swirls around her nub and a few ardent flicks vertically to round out the letter.

I made sure to languish on the C. Twirling my tongue in an arc I traced a big C almost all the way around and back again a few times.

"Ohhh yesss" she groaned. I moaned in response.

On to D, E and F... around and down, then up and down... side to side, flicking her clit with my tongue to emphasize the cross strokes of each letter.

"Ahhhh yes, baby, eat my wet pussy," she moaned, grabbing my head with both hands. I moved away from the alphabet for just a second to lick her slit and taste her wetness. As I did so, I pulled my forehead down and started rubbing my short hair and scalp across her clit, literally giving her "head."

"Mmmmm, yes, I love that!" she screamed as I knew her orgasm was approaching. 

"Mmmmm, such a sweet pussy," I teased. "So wet and juicy for me... I wonder if Jennifer tastes as good as you."

"Ohhhh, yesssss, baby... mmmm, she does," Beth moaned back.

I moved back to her clit and blew on it, then whispered my response. 

"Mmmmm, I bet," I said, before resuming the G, H and I.

I have to admit the G was fabulous, tracing its way around the clit and across and back a few times, continuing the tease.

"Yessssss, just like that," she groaned.

On to the H, with its big vertical strokes emphasized with forceful clit flicks across both the horizontal and the vertical lines. I could feel her thighs quiver with each clit flick as Beth was practically dripping juices all over my hand.

"Ohhhh my godddd, yes" she screamed. "Ohhhh, yesss... I'm soooo close... Suck my pussy baby, you lick me soooo good."

I repeated the H a few more times just for good measure and to prolong the tease even more.

Then there was the I. The glorious I.

A long tongue stroke from the base of her wet juicy slit, to the "dotting" on the clit. Such a simple yet effective maneuver. I repeated this motion over and over, languishing on long forceful licks of her pussy, slowly dipping my tongue into her pussy, dragging my tongue up the length of her slit before ending with a quick flick over her clit on each up-stroke.

"Mmmmm you taste soooo good" I would whisper to her pussy.

One last trace of the letter along her slit and then I clamped my lips down on her clit, rubbing my face back and forth and back and forth as my tongue increased pressure on her nub, swirling around it over and over. My lips were attached to her clit and I wasn't letting go. 

"Mmmmm," I moaned, unable to breathe as I seriously sucked that beautiful juicy clit.

Beth's hands were tugging my head into her pussy, her thighs trembling as she screamed in orgasm.

"Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes... Keep going ahhhh, fuck yesssssss... gonna cummmmmmm!!!"

And then she pushed my head off of her clit as she rubbed her clit really fast and hard, my fingers fucking her faster and faster, trying to coax her G-spot. I pumped my fingers faster into her pussy, rubbing along the roof of her canal wall, as her hand strummed over her clit really fast, back and forth, back and forth, back and forth....

"C'mon, baby, do it..." I groaned. "Cum for me."

"Aggghhhh, Yessssss... gonna cummmmmmmmmmmmmmm!!!" she wailed.

Then she let loose with a torrent of pussy juice, squirting cum out of her sopping wet pussy, spraying juices all over my hand, splattering juices across my face and her abdomen, drenching us both with her gushing fluids.

"Ahhhhh, god, yessss, yesss, yesssss... Fuck yes!!!" she screamed.

Oh fuck, indeed. What a fabulous site to behold. Her body convulsing in glorious climax as she diddled herself and her wet thighs trembled.

"That was beautiful, baby," I said as she started to come down off her high.

"Mmmmm yes," she said, eyes closed. "Give me that cock now!! Bury it in my wet sopping pussy and fuck the shit out of me... Mmmmmmmmm."

I grabbed her thighs over each arm, pulled her close and proceeded to slam my hard throbbing cock deep into her pussy, fucking her really hard as she held her thighs apart for me. Deep penetration was in order as I plowed my cock into her depths, see-sawing my hard dick in and out and in and out of her.

"God yessss," she moaned. "Deeper, baby, deeper."

I plunged all the way down and grinded away for a minute before pulling out slowly and completely.

Then I slammed my cock hard into her again, grinding and repeating the deep penetrating fucking over and over.

Rolling her to the side, I laid down beside her and slid in from the scissor position, so I could fuck her in earnest and rub her clit at the same time.

"Mmmmm yesssss," she moaned.

"You like that, huh?" I asked. "Rub your clit for me while I fuck you... I wanna feel you cum on my cock!"

As I continued to slam my cock in and out of her wet pussy, Beth rubbed her clit furiously and again was on the brink of cumming.

"Yessss, yesss, yesss... keep... fucking... meeeee..." she cooed. "Ahhhhh, yeah, yeah, yeah... fucking... cummmminnnggg...."

I kept up the relentless pounding, wanting to see her cum one more time. 

Juices were flying out of her once again as she rubbed her clit frantically, landing in splattered droplets all over both of us.

"Goddamn, you're a firecracker today," I said as her orgasm began to subside. "You're such a hot sexy little slut aren't you?"

"Oh, yes, you love it, don't you?" she replied. "Watching all the girl cum squirt out... mmmm, now I want your cum... I want you to cover me in cum you peverted stud!"

My cock was absolutely ready to explode at that point and I wanted nothing more than to blast Beth's face and body with jizz.

I pulled out and knelt over her prone body, her hand continuing to rub her clit as she stared up at me. I straddled her torso and stroked my cock over her.

"Yeah stroke that long, hard cock... make it explode all over me," she cooed. "Mmmm give it to me... cover me in your cum...," she said. C'mon, squirt your load all over my tits and face, baby... I want it!!!"

She continued to rub her clit as I stroked my cock, rubbing my dripping pre-cum across her nipples and slapping my cock on her soft, firm tits.

"Mmmmmm, got a really big load for you baby," I said. "You make me wanna cum soooo bad."

"Yesssss, baby, stroke that cock. Squirt a big load all over me," she purred. At that moment all I could think about was how much fun it was going to be to fuck her and her friend, and cum all over both of them.

"Ohhh, I'm gonna cum... Ahhh yesss, all... over... you!!!" I managed to get out just as the first rope of cum exploded from my cock splattering across her face and into her silky black hair. 

My cum continued to spew forth in long, white, milky strands across her cheeks and face, landing on her lips and chin and all over her tits. Five, six squirts of copious cum splattered across her beautiful skin as she rubbed it in and continued to strum her clit really fast.

"Mmmmm, yesssss... Cummm all over me... Ohhhh yesssss," she panted. "You're gonna make me cum again..."

"Do it" I said, cock throbbing in hand as I reached down to help her spread the cum across her chest and face...

"Yessss, yesss, yessss, yeeessss... mmmmm, fuuuccckkkkk, yeah!!!" she screamed as she strummed a hand quickly over her mound.

And then she squirted one more time, girl cum splattering all over her lower abdomen, drenching her pussy and thighs.

"God you're beautiful," I said, cock shrinking but still pulsating, seeing the ecstasy and the creamy cum streaks etched across her face.

"Mmmmm, baby..." she cooed. "You fucked me soooo good."

"I could get used to this," I replied.

"Mmmmm meee tooo," she added. "Just wait until Jennifer gets here... I think we're gonna have a fun weekend."

-----------------------

To be continued? You tell me.

Copyright ©2006 Stroker Stories. All rights reserved.