 I'm a sophomore at a large midwestern university. Although it's a pretty progressive place it's located in a conservative region of the country. A lot of the girls I've met have been somewhat inexperienced when it comes to sex. Anything beyond a quick feel in the back seat of a car is a new experience for them. That's made things really great for a fairly good looking, totally horny guy like me. I'm no sex expert but I've been more than happy to help when it comes to sexual exploration. Since I've been here I've had my share of hot adventures but nothing even comes close to what happened just last week with my current girlfriend.

For about three months now I've been dating this really hot junior named Trish. She's about five - four with round perky tits and a full, tight ass. I'm convinced sex is always on her mind and she's proven to be almost insatiable. We fucked on our first date and it's been almost nightly ever since. I'm afraid my grades are going to start slipping but there's no way I'm saying 'no' to this much hot, willing pussy. Trish claims she was a virgin before coming to college and she's spent the last couple of years making up for lost time. Although we've tried just about every position her absolute favorite thing to do is oral. She loves to suck my dick until I shoot my load in her mouth. And she swallows every drop! I've never met a girl who loves to drink cum so much. 

The first time I blew a load down her throat was just a few days after we met. We were driving to a restaurant in another town when she laid her head in my lap and began to suck me with deep, wet strokes. Her lips and her tongue were incredible and it wasn't long before I was white knuckling the wheel and panting "I'm going to cum, I'm going to cum". 

I figured she'd move her head out of the way and finish me off with her hand. Instead she just kept sucking my throbbing boner until I unloaded a huge blast of jizz into her mouth. She swallowed my load and then licked my cock clean. I laughed out loud at the restaurant when the waitress offered us appetizers. Trish smiled a sexy smile, licked her lips and said, "No, I'm fine."

Since then she's feasted on my seed in elevators, my dorm room, her dorm room, even in a closet in the back of the food service kitchen where I work part time. She tells me she loves the taste of my cream. Even when we're fucking, she always begs me to pull out at the last minute and shoot my load down her throat. Being such a lucky bastard, I couldn't help but brag about my good fortune to my roommate. He of course wondered if she had a friend. That's where things started to get interesting.

It so happens Trish did have a friend. It was her suite mate Beth, who was a somewhat shy but good looking sophomore virgin on the prowl. Beth wanted to do it all but in an experimental sort of way without a lot of commitment and definitely no regret. My roommate, who like any college guy only wanted to get his dick serviced, was happy to help her out. After their first date my roommate came home late and collapsed into bed. I was curious, "So how was it?"

"Fuckin'-a, man, it was incredible. She's good looking and horny as hell!"

"So you got some?"

"Are you kidding? I didn't even have to pay for a movie. After dinner she said she wanted to go somewhere so we could be alone. I drove to a clearing by the river and barely had the car in park before she was taking her top off. I sucked her tits and played with her pussy for a while until the pressure in my jeans was too much to take. As soon as I'd unzipped, she was sucking my dick. I could tell she didn't know what she was doing so I coached her a little bit. Let me tell you, man, she is a fast learner."

"Yeah, so?"

"So, anyway, I've got her licking my balls, swirling her tongue around my head, taking me as far into her mouth as she can and humming a little. You know, the basics... then I feel the urge. I know I'm gonna blow. I pulled her head away and said 'I'm gonna cum' and you know what this hot little bitch says?"

"What?"

"She said, and I quote, 'that's okay, I want to know what it tastes like'. Well let me tell you, I wasn't going to argue. I grabbed the back of her head and fucked her lips like a wild man. I saw her eyes get wide when I blew my load down her throat but she didn't choke or gag and she swallowed every drop."

"Damn, sounds like you had a good night!"

"Oh, just wait... it wasn't over. After she caught her breath, she was stroking me with her hand and asking how long before it got hard again. She was just begging for a hot fuck. With her stroking my dick and grinding her wet pussy against my leg, it didn't take long for me to get stiff again. Plus, since I'd just cum, I was some kind of amazingly long lasting fuck machine. I started out on top and pounded her hard, then she rode me for a while, I did her doggy-style. It was awesome! She was cumming like every thirty seconds and I felt like some kind of wonder stud. After about a half an hour and a half dozen positions, I had another load building in my balls. I was doing her from behind when I pulled out and said 'shit, I'm gonna cum again'."

"So you creamed on her ass?"

"I was about to when she whirls around on all fours, catches my cock in her mouth and takes my second load of the night down her throat."

"No way!"

"I thought I'd died and gone to some porn movie heaven. I must have had this stunned look on my face. She starts apologizing like she's done something wrong. I told her I just couldn't believe what an incredibly hot fuck she was. Then the whole way home she was talking a mile a minute about how much fun that was and how she couldn't wait to do it again and how she couldn't believe what she'd been missing."

"So you're going out again?"

"Well, I don't know. We didn't make any plans but I think she'd be up for another fuck session just about anytime I called."

I couldn't wait to tell Trish what a hit Beth had been. The next night in my dorm room we were having a long, slow sex session when I brought it up. Trish loves to talk while we fuck. Not dirty talk, just talking about our day while I'm sliding in and out of her hot box. It's a real turn-on for her. She was on her back with her legs wide and I was taking long, full, slow strokes when I said, "It sounds like Beth had a good time last night." 

"Uhhhnph... did she ever! She was up until about two a.m. talking to us about it... uhhhn..oh, yeah, babe, your cock is so hard tonight... unnnhhh" She was answering between thrusts, which is a real turn on for me, "... she couldn't get over how much she loved the taste of cum... uhhnnn... damn, you're deep, oh yeah, fuck me!... aahhh... so, anyway, I had to brag about how good you taste... uhhnnh... and she wondered if there was a difference between men... unnhhh! yesss! fuck my pussy with that big cock!... uhhhnnnhh... and I said definitely, that she'd have to taste some other men to compare... uhnnnhhh... I sort of offered to let her sample your load, I hope you don't mind... ooh! oh, fuck yes, baby! Pound me!"

I think my brain short-circuited right at that moment. Trish had offered me up for 'sampling'? I had to be dreaming! I started slamming my dick into her hot cunt. I couldn't hold back, "I'm gonna cum... oh fuck I'm cumming!"

"In my mouth, babe! In my mouth!"

I pulled out just in time and guided my throbbing pecker to Trish's mouth. I watched my huge cock, glistening with pussy juices, unload between her lips and I imagined what it would be like to do the same thing to Beth. I couldn't wait.

I didn't have to wait long. The next evening there was a knock at my door. I'd been studying medieval history and had actually been able to push the thought of being "sampled" by Beth out of my mind for a couple of hours. Those thoughts came flooding back when I opened the door and found Trish and Beth giggling outside. I think they'd built up a little courage at a campus bar.

Trish got mock serious and said, "Excuse me, sir, my friend here is hungry. I was wondering if you might have a morsel you could offer her? She's willing to earn her meal."

I was lightheaded from the blood rushing to my dick but I played along, "Why, yes, it might be HARD but I believe I could get something UP for her. Please, come in."

As soon as they were inside, Trish locked the door and laid down the ground rules. 

"Alright, mister, your dreams have come true for tonight. My bitch here wants you to shoot a big load of cum in her mouth. As a jealous girlfriend I should have a problem with this but, since I was the one who suggested she sample your seed, I'm cool with it on the following conditions: you keep your eyes on me and your hands off of her." 

I must have looked a little confused so Trish was good enough to elaborate, "Under no circumstances do you fuck, lick, suck or fondle any part of her anatomy any time tonight. She can stroke your cock with her hand and, of course, suck you off with her mouth but she can't touch you with her tits or her pussy. She's already agreed to these rules. Are you willing to abide by them?"

The blood rushing through my ears was making it hard to concentrate. I nodded dumbly wondering just how this was going to work. I glanced over at Beth and was surprised to see she was already naked and one hand was lightly stroking her pussy. 

Trish caught my glance. "Hey! No looking. Now get your clothes off and have a seat on the bed."

I quickly stripped. As I was undressing, Trish took off the long coat she was wearing and I got my first look at her outfit. I was starting to understand what was going to happen and I couldn't have been happier. Trish was wearing this incredible pair of sheer black thigh-high stay-up stockings, some sexy "fuck-me" pumps with 3 inch heels, a plaid skirt and a white blouse. The whole ensemble made her look like a slutty Catholic school girl. She could have been stripping at one of the high end gentlemen's clubs downtown in a get-up like that.

"I see you like my new outfit," Trish said with a grin. She turned around and flipped the hem of the skirt up for just a second to reveal a lacy thong and the shapely cheeks of her hot ass. The effect with the stockings was amazing. 

I took a seat on the bed. My cock was at rigid attention and my eyes were glued to Trish's hot body. When I felt Beth have a seat on the bed beside me I started to glance over but then realized that I couldn't or I would be violating the rules of Trish's game. 

Trish noticed my restraint, "Very good. You just keep looking right here at me, sir, I don't think you'll be disappointed." Trish strutted over to the stereo and popped in a tape she had taken from her jacket pocket. Prince's "Pussy Control" filled the room as Trish whirled around to face me. She started to grind her hips to the beat as her hands slid up and down her body.

I jumped like I'd been shocked when Beth's hand closed around my raging boner. As amazing as it sounds, I was so wrapped up in watching my girlfriend start her dance I had completely forgotten there was a naked woman on the bed beside me. Trish laughed at my reaction as Beth stroked my cock with her hand. I slid my hips down the bed just a bit so Beth had better access to the full length of my dick.

Trish unbuttoned her blouse to reveal a lacy push-up bra that was beautifully accentuating her ample cleavage. I was thinking just how much I wanted that bra to come off when I felt Beth's warm lips close over the head of my dick. Damn, I wanted to look down and watch my pecker disappear into her mouth. I wanted to grab her by the hair and fuck her face. This was almost too much to stand but I kept my eyes forward and my hands at my sides. My hips bucked involuntarily.

Trish laughed as she issued a warning, "Ah, ah, ah! You can't fuck any part of her anatomy, remember? You promised. Now keep those hips on the bed or there will be punishment." With that she turned around, pulled up one side of the hem of her skirt and slapped the cheek of her ass. "Oooh, maybe I need a little punishment, eh baby?" She slapped her ass again and cooed, "oh, I'm just a bad girl, aren't I?" 

Beth started bobbing her head sliding her moist lips up and down my shaft where they met up with her still pumping hand. She was humming along with the music and the fingers of her other hand were gently fondling my balls. I could sense from my peripheral vision she was laying on her side on the bed with her face in my lap. Even though there was a naked woman laying on my bed and I couldn't touch her, this was, without a doubt, the most intensely pleasurable sensation I had ever experienced. Watching, listening, feeling, the teasing, the temptation... all of my senses were maxed and my cock was so hard it was almost numb.

Trish climbed up on a coffee table that was just a couple of feet in front of me. At some point she had lost the skirt. Now she was dancing on the table in the push-up bra, stay-up stockings, pumps and her lacy thong. She ran her hands along the thong like she was going to take it off. Instead she tugged on it as she ground her hips. "Oh, baby, that feels so good. The lacy material is such a turn on rubbing against my pussy lips. Ooops, now look what I did... "

How could I miss it? The thong disappeared between her pussy lips. She was still holding on to the tops of the thong and grinding her hips. I watched in awe as the material slid in and out of that luscious cavern. Trish started moaning and I could tell she was really enjoying the ride.

Meanwhile, Beth was running her tongue along my shaft. It was like they had choreographed this whole show. Every time Trish did something new in her dance, Beth was doing something new to my hard-on. I could feel my stiff cock resting against Beth's cheek as her tongue worked it's way to the base of my prick and began to caress my balls. 

It's funny how the mind works. As I was watching my girlfriend get herself off with a thong and her girlfriend was licking my balls this thought popped into my head: what a great teacher my roommate had been! Beth was doing me like she'd sucked a hundred cocks and it had only been three days since she had given the first and only blowjob of her life. I'm sure Trish and some of the other girls had given her some pointers but talking about it and actually doing it were two very different things. This girl was definitely doing it right.

Trish's voice snapped me out of my reverie. "Oh, baby, this feels good but I know something that feels even better." She slipped off the thong as she was talking. Her hips continued to grind to the music. How long was this song anyway? I never wanted it to end.

Beth was working her way back up my shaft as Trish slipped one, two, then three fingers into her glistening wet pussy. Trish pumped her hand in and out, her hips bucking faster just as Beth's lips once again closed over my cock. "Oh, yes, baby. I'm pretending my fingers are your cock and you're fucking me in my hot stockings and my slutty high heels. Don't you love watching me finger-fuck myself baby while you're getting your cock sucked by a slut who just wants to taste your cum? Are you going to fill her mouth, baby? Are you going to shoot your load down her throat?"

Beth's tongue was swirling around the sensitive head of my rock hard cock. Trish's fingers were pumping faster. "Oh, fuck, baby, I think I'm going to cum! Are you going to cum with me? Oooh, unnnhh... "

No mere mortal could have resisted the urge that came over me at that moment. I didn't cum, my cock was just too hard, but I thought I could with just a little more friction. That's why I grabbed the back of Beth's head with both hands and started fucking her mouth hard and fast. It felt so good pumping my dick between her lips. I was just on the verge of blasting a geyser of cum when Trish shouted, "Stop! Get away from him, bitch!"

Her shout caught me off guard. I stopped humping Beth's mouth and Beth pushed herself away. This couldn't be happening. My pulse must have been one-sixty. I couldn't believe this. Just seconds ago I was going to explode with the most intense orgasm of my life. Now I was sitting frozen on my bed with a painful erection and my girlfriend standing right in front of me looking annoyed.

The music stopped. Hold on, had Beth turned off the stereo? That seemed odd but my brain was in no shape to process any information.

"Oh, my. You seem to have broken the rules. I warned you, didn't I? Now it's time for punishment. Stand up!"

It hadn't been a minute since Trish had been on the verge of fingering herself to orgasm. Now she was completely composed and issuing orders. As I stood she glanced at my purple-headed cock. I was dripping pre-cum and wishing someone would put me out of my misery.

"Put your hands behind your back." As soon as I did, I felt handcuffs encircle my wrists. Beth had been waiting behind me on the bed. I knew I was being worked but I was helpless to resist and not about to protest. Besides, I think Trish was really enjoying the fantasy and that in itself was a huge turn-on. I had never seen this side of her.

"Come here, bitch, we need to see if this is going to work." Beth came around in front of me. She looked me right in the eye with an impish little grin that almost made me moan. She was loving this as much as Trish, maybe more.

"On your knees, bitch." Beth dropped to her knees in front of me. "Now, let's make sure that he can't do that again. Suck his cock." Trish said it so matter-of-factly it caught me by surprise when Beth wrapped her hands around my hips and slid my throbbing cock into her waiting mouth. 

"Yes, that's it. We need to make sure he can't grab your head like this," Trish placed her hand on the back of Beth's head, "and fuck your mouth like this." Trish started pumping Beth's head, bobbing it up and down on my dick. After about a dozen hard thrusts, Trish pulled Beth's head away. Beth was red-faced and trying to catch her breath but Trish didn't seem to notice. "Good, now let's check for titfuck. Put his cock between your tits."

Beth raised up on her knees until she was cradling my cock between her shapely boobs. Trish sounded like the knowledgeable teacher. "Now, you see, if his hands were free right now he would grab your tits like this... ", Trish cupped Beth's tits with her hands and pushed them together around my cock, "... and he would start pumping like this." My cock was still wet from Beth's mouth and it slid easily as Trish used her friend's tits to jack me off. Unfortunately, she stopped pumping before I could cum. This was truly agony but I was loving every second of it.

"You see, he enjoys doing this. If his hands were free right now he would fuck your tits until he shot his load all over them and your face. It's a total waste of jizz when what you're really wanting is a mouthful of cum. Now get up."

Beth obediently stood and faced me. She still had that impish little grin and I found myself wanting to fuck her like crazy.

"Okay, mister, lie down on the bed."

I gently eased myself onto the bed and lied back. My handcuffed hands were nestled in the small of my back. My hard cock looked like a flagpole planted in the center of my body. Beth and Trish were standing by the bed looking down at me. Beth's eyes were locked on my cock and she was practically drooling. 

"Now, since your infraction was face fucking, your punishment should fit the crime. Stick out your tongue." I obediently stuck out my tongue. I expected Trish to straddle my face. Boy was I wrong!

"Alright, bitch. Ride his tongue like it's a cock. He owes you an orgasm."

Beth practically giggled as she mounted my face. I could feel the creamy inside of each of her thighs against my cheeks as she settled in. Then she guided my tongue into her hot hole and I could taste the tangy sweet juice of her hot pussy. Her breathing became shallow as she gently rocked back and forth. I worked my tongue up and down her slit. I knew it wasn't going to take long for her to reach climax.
