 Warning: Contains pissing and armpit fetish

*

"Oh my god, our exams are over!" Samantha exclaimed as she rushed out of the hall, glad to finally have her main stress-causing factor at the moment over and done with. Samantha and her friends gathered together to excitedly discuss their plans for the holidays. 

Wisely or unwisely, she and her friends had booked a flight to Phuket to enjoy some much deserved R&R the very night their exams ended. Confirming their plan to meet at the airport at 9pm, they all went their separate ways to finish packing for the trip and spend some time alone enjoying the liberty of being free from exam stress. 

Samantha reached home and began packing her bag. She hadn't done any packing yet, too stressed out by her exams. She yanked clothes off of clothes hangers and grabbed clothes and quickly packed them into her bag. As she cast her eyes around her room, her gaze settled on some lacy, barely-there lingerie and negligee. Her lips curled up slightly at the chance she had to tease her many guy friends. She was, at her heart, a cock-tease after all.

Her packing done, she took a quick nap before heading off to the airport to meet her friends. On the way, she received a text from Steven, her close friend who had helped to relieve some of her stress by giving her a good fuck while she prepared for her exams. "Looking forward to some private time with you". Samantha smirked and replied back, "Same here!"

Finally, she and her friends reached their hotel in Phuket and were met with some unexpected news. There was an odd number of both guys and girls, and the rooms were too small to accommodate three people in one room. One guy and one girl would have to be roommates. 

Of course, this fitted Samantha and Steven's plans well since they would be able to fuck to their heart's content. They checked in to the hotel, and went up to their room. They had an hour or two to kill before they were all going to meet up and go out for dinner. 

Samantha and Steven dropped off their bags in their room and Samantha made the first move but saying, "You know, we have lots of time..." That said, Steven smiled and moved towards her. Expecting him to take her gently based on the sweet smile on his face, she was surprised when he roughly grabbed her by her armpits and tossed her on to one of the beds. 

She giggled as he pulled his t-shirt up and off his body before climbing on to the bed with her. Samantha was wearing a baggy white cotton shirt over a black singlet. And, typical of her, she had purposely neglected to wear a bra, so her nipples were standing erect in the cold air of the hotel room. 

She quickly relieved herself of her white shirt just as Steven pounced on her and began to kiss and lick her neck. She groaned in pleasure at the feel of his warm and wet tongue caressing and playing with her neck. He kissed his way slowly up her neck, along her jawline and up to her earlobe as she felt his hard cock rubbing against her cunt, separated by their jeans and underwear. 

His hands slid down her cloth covered body, pausing momentarily to squeeze her beautiful tits. "You have 5 seconds to take off your top or I'm gonna rip it off." She giggled and gripped the hem of her top to pull it up off her head, but she just wasn't fast enough. "Too slow." He gripped the top of her singlet and ripped it down the middle. 

Samantha shrugged mentally. It wasn't the first top she had lost to an over-eager lover, and it wouldn't be her last either. With her breasts now exposed, Steven shifted his attention down to her gorgeous C cup tits. 

He went straight in for the kill, nibbling gently on her hard, brown nipples as his hands went down to her denim shorts. His fingers fumbled at the buttons, but he managed to strip her of her remaining clothing without taking his attention off of her breasts. 

He loved to play with her breasts, enjoying how they would conform to the shape of his hands, how soft they were and how she groaned in ecstasy as he played with them. While his mouth and hands were occupied with her boobs, Samantha's hands slid down to his jeans, and she unbuckled them with the speed of practice, and used her feet to work his jeans and underwear down and off his legs. Now both fully naked, the fun could begin in earnest. Steven was looking at Samantha; her curvaceous body lay below him. On her back, with her large, pillowy breasts exposed to Steven's hands. 

Her slender legs were parted slightly, revealing the soft gash of her pussy and the mass of black pubic hair around it, spread in excitement and anticipation of what was to come. 

Samantha's head was hanging off the edge of the mattress while Steven got off the bed and stood next to the bed with Samantha's head between his legs. He used one hand to support her head, and taking the other hand off her breasts, he used it to guide his cock to her mouth. As soon as her lips were wrapped around the knob of his cock, Samantha eagerly reached up, trying to move her mouth up and down his shaft. 

This upside down position allowed Steven to slide his cock straight down into Samantha's mouth. Like this, she could swallow him more deeply than when she's on top of him, and looking up, past where she can see his balls bouncing beneath the thick shaft of his cock, she could see the look of open-mouthed ecstasy on his face that her sucking was producing. A thrill ran through her body, the knowledge that Steven was using her for his pleasure sent an electric pulse of excitement radiating from her pussy. 

Samantha squirmed on the bed as she forced her head up and down Steven's shaft. She could feel herself get wetter between the legs as the length of time she spent slurping on Steven's cock increased. Her lips were forced even further apart as he swelled inside her mouth, and his ball sack began to tighten. 

She knew that if she continued the blowjob, Steven would flood her mouth with spunk soon, but she didn't want to wait for him to get hard again before she felt him in her pussy. 

Wrapping her hand around his balls and the base of his cock, Samantha pulled her mouth away from Steven's shaft, and gasped out, "I want you to cum inside me." 

"OK; spin round and flip onto your stomach." 

Steven stepped away from the bed, his veiny cock jutting horizontally from his body. Samantha rolled onto her stomach, and slid off the bed so that her body was flat on the mattress, while her legs hung off the side with her feet on the floor. Her ass was positioned on the edge of the mattress, slightly below the level of Steven's cock. 

With each hand squeezing the butt cheek beneath it, Steven spread his legs, placing them outside Samantha's, bringing his waist down to the height of the bed. With his manhood level with the entrance to Samantha's pussy, Steven guided it between her thighs and toward the wet, gaping slit that was waiting to for him to penetrate.

Squeezing her butt cheeks even more firmly, Steven pushed himself into Samantha, easily sliding into the slippery cavity of her pussy. He let out a low growl of satisfaction as he entered her familiar pussy. 

Once he was fully buried in Samantha, Steven started to thrust, keeping his cock deep inside her and pushing his hips forward so that each stroke squashed his pelvis into her ass. Each sharp, forceful stroke tore out gasps of satisfaction from Samantha's lips as Steven kept this pace up for a good 10 minutes.

Steven changed his rhythm, pulling further out of Samantha, so that on each return stroke she felt him slam into her, his penis grinding against the walls of her pussy. Samantha's moans increased in pitch and volume, but became less coherent, becoming a sustained "Ooh," as Steven sawed his cock in and out of her, her juices squeezing out around his shaft as he fucked her. Samantha was being pushed closer and closer to the brink. 

"Fuck me, fuck me harder. HARDER!" Samantha cried out, desperate to reach her climax 

Steven responded by gripping her ass tighter, seeing the flesh yield and redden beneath his fingers. Each time he plowed his cock back into Samantha his thrust was harder than the one before. The friction on his shaft was beginning to diminish as Samantha's pussy started to ooze wetter and wetter with each stroke. The increased intensity of Steven's pounding just made Samantha hungrier, "Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me fuck me oh fuck!." 

"I'm going to pound you senseless; I'm going to fuck you so hard you won't be able to walk straight." 

Something turned on in Samantha's head, and she felt herself get even wetter, and her cunt began to tighten even more around his cock. "That's it, talk dirty to me. Treat me like I'm a slut!"

"You slutty bitch, you're going to take my spunk right into your hairy little pussy." Steven whispered as he pounded her relentlessly.

Samantha had never been spoken to like this before, but it drove her wild. Even before Steven had finished speaking, she was gushing around his cock. Her orgasm took over her body, sending tingles of pleasure from her clit and through her pussy out to the tips of her toes and fingers. 

Samantha's climax set Steven off, and without warning, he felt his cock erupting, streams of semen flowing out of him into Samantha's body. His cock seemed to gush forever, leaving him drained. Pulling out, he could see the creamy spunk leaking from Samantha onto the sheets. He fell onto the bed alongside her, and they moved into a cuddle, arms and legs wrapped around each other.

Steven kissed her softly on her lips before raising her left arm up, exposing her armpit to the air. She sighed and asked jokingly, "What is it with you and my armpits?" Steven didn't answer immediately, instead shifting position to get a good lick and whiff of one of her underarms, now made sweaty from sex. He really loved the unique smell and taste it offered. "It smells and tastes amazing. And it's just so incredibly sexy." She laughed and just lay there, letting him enjoy her armpits, too tired and contented to do anything.

When he finally lay back down next to her, fully satisfied, Samantha purred into Steven's shoulder, "Mmm, Steven that was so hot. I loved it when you talked dirty to me. I want you to do that more. And I liked it when you were rough; it made me so wet." 

Steven just smiled tiredly at her. That fuck had taken a lot out of him.

Samantha looked up at Steven. She paused, and cleared her throat, before saying, "There's something else Steven. Something else I want. I want to feel what it is like with another man; at the same time. And I want to get gangbanged so hard I can't walk the next day." 

Steven turned to look Samantha directly in the face; then leaned in to kiss her, "Samantha, you really are the sexiest woman alive. I'm sure that can be arranged. Now, come on, let's go shower. I'm getting hungry." .. . Steven and Samantha re-joined their friends after having freshened up and removed all traces of having had sex. Of course, Samantha was walking slightly unsteadily, but nobody said anything. They were all taking a quick walk along the beach when Samantha heard a very familiar sound: the sound of a woman being pleasured. She quickly told all of her friends to keep their volumes down before sneaking over to the source of the sound. 

To her surprise and arousal, she saw a young Chinese girl fully nude, being double penetrated by two local men while another 10 men or so stood around the threesome, slowly jerking off and keeping themselves hard. 

The girl was sandwiched between the two men, one man below fucking her pussy while the man on top slammed into her asshole. As she heard the girl groaning in sheer pleasure as she had both her holes filled up, Samantha felt herself beginning to get wet.

As she watched, the two men began to speed up their thrusts, and she knew from experience that they were going to cum. They pulled out of her and both pointed their cocks at her cunt just as their load exploded out and coated her pussy lips. 

Samantha began to salivate at the thought of being fucked by those cocks. It was dark, and they were a few metres away, but she judged their cocks to be at least as big as Steven's, if not slightly bigger. 

One of her guy friends took a step and accidentally snapped a twig, causing the ring of men to quickly look in her direction. Samantha's friends quickly moved away and pretending nothing had happened, but she was transfixed by the sight of a gorgeous cock. She quickly took a glance of its owner's face before backing away and running after her friends. 

As she lay in bed that night, a fresh load of Steven's cum in her ass, Samantha couldn't help thinking about how familiar the man whose cock she had been admiring looked. 

After a while, she remembered where she had seen before. He was one of the bellboys in the hotel! As Samantha realised it, a plan began to form in her mind. A plan to derive the ultimate pleasure and enjoyment from this trip.

The next morning, Samantha got up early and washed up before going for a stroll around the hotel, trying to see if she could find the bellboy to set her plan in motion. 

Lucky for her, he was working the morning shift and she saw him helping some of the hotel guests load their luggage into a taxi to be driven to the airport. She smiled, and waited until he was done before approaching him. 

As she approached him, she realised there was a massive flaw in her plan. What if he didn't speak English? She couldn't communicate with him in Thai and she couldn't ask a translator to come. Before she knew it, she was in front of him, and decided to just try her luck. 

"Hi, do you remember me?" she asked. He looked at her, and she saw recognition flash in his eyes. He began to panic, and nodded, "Yes, I remember." On hearing that he spoke English, Samantha began to smile. 

She decided to first assuage his panic. "Don't worry, I'm not reporting you to your boss. I wanted to ask a question." He hesitated before saying, "Okay. What's your question?" 

She took a quick breath before saying, "How big is your dick?"

He stared at her in shock, "I'm sorry?" Samantha sighed, "Your penis. How long is it? How thick is it?"

He hesitated. He knew what she meant but he was shy to say it. As he saw her getting impatient, he decided to just say it. "7 inches. A bit thinner than my wrist." She stared at him, her mouth gaped open in shock. "Holy shit. That's a big dick." She mused to herself.

She decided to continue on with the rest of her plan. After all, even if his was the only big dick among his friends, she would at least get one really big cock stuffed in her. "Okay, listen. What happened last night with the girl at the beach? I want you and your friends to do that to me. Tonight." 

He wasn't sure if she was joking, but he decided to just go along with it. "Are you sure?" He asked, wanting to make sure that there could be no doubt that she wasn't being forced or making a joke. Samantha was beautiful and downright sexy. It seemed like a joke that she would even ask him that. 

She nodded seriously and said, "Tonight. 10pm, same place as last night. I want the biggest dicked friends you have there. Okay?"

He nodded, and she asked, "What's your name?"

"Chati." He said. She nodded, and replied, "I'm Samantha. I'll see you later!" She winked at him and walked away slowly, treating him to a good view of her swaying ass.

At 10pm that night, Samantha waited at the place she had chanced upon the gangbang the previous night. She was wearing a tight fitting white top and a short blue skirt that barely reached her mid-thigh. She sat on a rock, and waited for Chati and his friends. 

At 10 on the dot, she heard Chati's voice and smiled. She glanced around and saw them approaching. She was in their eye-line, and she decided to give them a treat.

She slowly peeled her top off her body, revealing a pink lacy bra, before bending over and slowly sliding her skirt down her gorgeous legs to show off her matching pink lace bra, already with a wet spot. The men that were approaching took a moment to stare at her, before continuing towards her and stripping all of their clothes off. 

As Samantha glanced around, her jaw dropped at the various amazing displays of manhood that were around her. All of them were long and thick, definitely bigger than most guys she had been with. She felt herself beginning salivating, the wet patch on her panties growing bigger as she and the 12 men around her just stood staring at each other. 

Without another word, she reached behind her, unhooking her bra and quickly throwing it aside before doing the same to her panties. "Well? Come on and fuck me already!" With the order given, Chati and one of his friend walked forward to fuck her first. Chati stood in front of her as his friend walked around behind her. Chati pulled her down so she was lying on top of him and angled his cock against Samantha's pussy. 

Samantha giggled at the feel of his hard cockhead against her soaking lips. Chati's hands slid up to her tits, and he gave her firm tits a good, hard squeeze before grabbing her by her waist and slamming her down onto his cock.

Samantha screamed at the sudden penetration, just as the man behind her roughly shoved her flat against Chati's chest. He groped her ass harshly, and lined his cock up with her anus. He attempted to penetrate her dry backdoor, but he realised he couldn't, and grunted in frustration. He walked around so that he was in front of Samantha, and gripped her head roughly, forcing her to look up at him. 

Samantha stared at him, uncomprehending, as he slapped his dick against her face again and again. She was still slightly disoriented from have a huge cock suddenly slammed into her pussy.

As Chati continued to fuck her, Samantha returned back to full consciousness and realised the man in front of her wanted her to suck him off. She opened her mouth and he grunted in approval as he fed his cock into her mouth. 

She widened her mouth as wide as it could go to accommodate him. As he felt the warmth and wetness of her mouth go around his cock, he let out a low groan of pleasure. The sentiment was echoed by Chati, who was steadily slamming his cock in and out of her pussy.

Her warm, wet walls pressed nicely on his big cock, and she was tight but not so tight that it caused discomfort to either party. As he fucked her, he could feel her pussy spasming around him, releasing more and more fluid as the fuck went on. 

Samantha, meanwhile, was getting used to servicing two cocks at once. She began to actively ride Chati's cock as she smoothly bobbed her head up and down his friend's cock. She slobbered generously over it, coating the length of his fuckstick in her saliva. 

She pulled her head off of his cock to give it a few firm strokes with her hand before going down to lick and suck on his balls. He groaned in pleasure, and smacked his cock against her face, guffawing from the shocked expression she gave him, and how fun it was to humiliate her.

Deciding that his cock was well-lubed up, he returned to her ass, and buried his tongue in her backdoor, giving it a good lick to lube her up. That done, he angled his cock against her anus and slowly pushed himself in. Feeling the sudden penetration, Samantha began to scream again, louder than before. She already felt full from Chati, and another cock in her just felt like too much. 

Worried that the noise would attract unwanted attention, one of the other men walked towards her head and pried her mouth open, forcing his dick into it. Samantha gagged as the newest cock was introduced, preventing her from screaming. 

Not wanting to bite the cock in her mouth, all she could do was let out groans around the manhood occupying her mouth. Her moans and muffled cries were extremely enjoyable to the man using her mouth, and he constantly thrust his cock into her, wanting as much of his dick as possible to feel the vibrations. 
