 Sandra was quite sure she was going to fall off her high heels before she made it across the parking lot. It would be a truly embarrassing fall in front of a guy she had never met but was going to fuck. Well, hopefully going to fuck. Hopefully that was him in front of the swanky hotel. He looked younger than she expected and a lot more fit. She adjusted her large purse on her shoulder and took a deep breath before she started to walk toward him.

The curly haired blond man waved, looking as hopeful as she felt. Sandra took a deep breath and walked right up to him. 

"Wow, you look amazing. Please say your name is Sandra," he said with a smile and a wink. His smile was wonderful and he had the cutest dimples.

She nodded, "Hi, Evan right?" she asked?

He smiled and took her hand like it was the most natural thing in the world. "Let's sit at the hotel bar, have a drink and get acquainted." 

Sandra let him lead her to a table where another man sat. "You must be David." She said. The dark haired man nodded and smiled nervously. He was a little older than Evan, maybe around 45 or so, but muscular. It was the kind of muscular body that takes work. Sandra sat next to him and felt the tingle down there that meant her pussy was quite decided on what it wanted.

Evan and David had been lovers for many years. Both of them had jobs that meant they had to be very discrete about it. Both had been married to women and divorced. Evan believed he was bisexual. David said he not sure. 

They got her a glass of wine, one of the local varieties. They talked politely about the weather and other things that Sandra forgot the minute they were said. David smelled good and Evans hands' stroking her leg under the table was making her brain turn into jelly. "David is a little nervous about all this," Evan whispered in her ear. "You are the first woman that he has been with in years." Sandra was, if anything, more turned on by this statement. She smiled at David and stroked his very muscular arm as she admired his beautiful brown eyes. Evan laughed. "Why don't we take a bottle of this wine and go on up to our room?" Sandra turned to look up at Evan's mischievous eyes and grinned. "Ok by me." She turned to David and noticed his apprehensive look. 

Sandra smiled and leaned toward him so no one in the bar could hear. "Nothing is going to happen that you are not comfortable with." Unobtrusively, she stroked his obvious erection under the table. "Evan and I have talked about this. You say stop and it is all over. But it would be a shame; after all, he has said that you have been beating off to this fantasy pretty often." David flushed. 

Evan had gone to get the bottle of wine and together the three went into a waiting elevator. Evan had a hand stroking her bottom the whole ride. David seemed fascinated by her cleavage. "Do you like my breasts David?" she asked. He nodded and stroked them through her blouse. 

"You look beautiful in this." David said, not even looking up at her face. 

"Hopefully you like me as much out of my clothes as you do in them." Sandra said with a laugh. She blushed beet red when she realized the door had opened to their floor and a handsome young man had heard her say this and seen both men fondling her. 

Evan laughed and pushed her past the man and down the hall. When the elevator closed its door on the grinning man, Evan kissed her hard. "That guy will be whacking off all night fantasizing about what we are doing."

Once in the room, Sandra started to strip slowly. First off was the very low cut silk blouse she had worn. Evan groaned when he saw her leopard print plunge bra. She had worried that her 36DDD breasts would fall out if she leaned over but they stayed put as she took the tight blue jeans off. The matching leopard print panties were a hit too, Sandra thought as she noticed the looks the guys gave her. She made sure she bent way over as she turned to put her jeans and shirt on a nearby chair. 

The guys had been so entranced that they were still fully clothed when she turned around. David came over and stroked the soft white of her breasts above the bra. Unable to resist he undid the front enclosure and watched as they popped out. He stroked the nipples and finally leaned over and sucked one into his mouth. Sandra gasped at the sensation and looked up into Evans wicked smile. He was stroking David's body as he stripped him. David bites her nipple a little and she groaned happily. Evan had finished with David clothes and was starting on his own. David was making love to her breasts, sucking, stroking, biting and twisting her nipples.

Evan was a masterpiece; his stocky body was sculpted and muscular. His cock as he stepped out of his slacks was long, thick and had a very nice curve to it. Evan was already rock hard and he was stroking both his and David's cock as he watched David work.

"Take off the panties," Evan said to her. Sandra stepped away for a moment and slid them down. 

"Fuck," Evan said and dropped to his knees in front of her naked shaved pussy. He was not tentative at all about what he wanted from her. His tongue was stroking her, his fingers were stroking everywhere. They found their way into her pussy very quickly. "You are so wet." he said as he thrust deeply. David pushed Evans head firmly into her wet pussy. "Make her cum, I want to see it." David's voice as he said it was harsh and deep. He stroked his own cock as he watched Evan. Evan pushed her legs further apart and began working her hard. His tongue was agile and quick as he licked her clit. His strong fingers were stroking her g-spot. It was like being kicked into over drive from standing still. Sandra would have fallen if David had not caught her. She tried to move to the bed but David pulled her against him and held her still for Evan. 

"Make her cum Evan," David said again. Evan worked her pussy harder, thrusting his fingers into her. David pinched her nipples as he watched. Sandra was close to the edge. David pushed his index finger into her mouth and she sucked it avidly. When it was wet enough to suit him he began to work it into her tight ass. Sandra bucked helplessly as she came. Her juice was coating Evan's fingers thickly as he continued thrusting into her now spasming pussy.

David picked her trembling body up and tossed her on the bed. "Fuck her Evan," he demanded. Sandra marveled that David had gone from nervous to dominating in zero flat.

Evan was grinning like crazy when he began fitting his condom covered cock in her still pulsing pussy. Sandra watched as David put a condom on his own cock, covered it with lube and knelt behind Evan. Sandra's eyes got very big.

Evan was thrusting slowly now, eyes on Sandra. She almost warned him about what was behind him. Before she could, David began lubing up Evan's ass. He thrust hard and held still as David worked his way in. Evan grunted softly as David went deeper. Evan was enjoying this; Sandra knew it because he got harder. "Do you like this Evan?" David asked as he began to fuck him. "Yes, David," Evan gasped, "Fuck me." Each thrust and withdraw he made in Evan seemed to fuck Sandra too. Evan was not able to move a lot but Sandra didn't care. It was a little awkward but so hot. It was not long before David thrust wildly and came. 

Evan fucked Sandra quickly now and she came the same time he did. The three of them laid there sweating and panting for awhile, not saying anything. 

David eventually got up and got them all a glass of wine as they cleaned up a little. "Well," he said as they sipped. He didn't say any more for a bit. "That was way better than I thought it would be." 

Evan laughed. "You were worried you wouldn't be able to get it up." David grinned and leaned over to suck Evan's cock. Sandra watched for a while and then curious, she leaned over and started sucking David. "Shit," said David, "that feels good." Sandra was pretty good at this and she wanted to show off all her moves. He was soon hard again and when she put her lubed finger up his ass he barely flinched. Sandra rubbed his prostate slowly. "Oh, hell." David said, "You have to let her do this to you Evan. It is so intense." Sandra and Evan looked at each other. Evan nodded, "he's ready." Evan took over sucking David while Sandra raided her purse. She slid into the harness and dildo while Evan watched avidly and sucked David. David was oblivious.  

Sandra got back on the bed and David opened his eyes and dropped his jaw in shock. "Shit, you asshole Evan, you even told her that?"

"Only if you want to David." Sandra smiled and stroked lube on the purple jelly dildo. Evan continued to suck David, watching his expression, eyes avid. David's cock didn't droop; it just got harder as she knelt between his legs and waited. David laid back and groaned, "do it. If you don't, I know I will regret it." Sandra began to carefully work the dildo into his ass. "Yeah, baby, like that." David said. Evan smiled around his mouthful of dick and motioned her to go faster. Sandra began to really get into it, rolling her hips as she gripped his legs and thrust a little faster. "Damn it, not yet, you are going to make me cum too fast." Evan shook his head and motioned her to go faster again. There was little resistance now as Sandra watched the dildo slide in and out of David's butt. 

"Hell," yelled David as he grabbed Evan's head and pumped his cum into Evan's mouth. He collapsed back onto the bed. "You two are so going to pay for that." David said, but he was smiling when he said it so Sandra wasn't really all that worried.