 (This is a continuation of my previous story "Amber Conquers")

(Thanks to Bandra for editing this for me.)

*

After Amber left I decided that college wasn't for me. At 19 I started my own landscaping company. It was something I knew, enjoyed, and did well. I saved up some money from doing lawn jobs on the side as well as from my previous job mowing lawns. Therefore, I went to my local hardware store and bought myself my very own Snapper push mower. It was not quite top of the line but it was all that I could afford.

I continued with my existing customers (about 6 total) and most of them understood why my prices went up a bit. Slowly I was able to increase my customer base bringing in more work, which meant more paperwork.

The one area where I was very weak on, was my finances and keeping the paperwork and billing up to date. My sister-in-law Sandi, offered to handle my bills and send out invoices to my customers. She did this from her own house, and this meant that I bring all the paperwork to her about once per week. This brings me to one of the greatest learning experiences that I've ever had.

Now I know that I'm a bad person when I start fantasizing about my brother's wife. But heck, she's absolutely hot. Most sane men would consider her a super hot mother and I was no exception. Heck I'm 21, full of testosterone, and don't get laid as often as I'd like.

I always made a point of complimenting her on her looks whenever I went over. I knew that especially stay-at-home moms liked to hear compliments. She always tried to brush off my compliments as if I was lying to her. 

Unfortunately for me, Sandi didn't have much in the boobs department. But even after two kids, her ass was quite nice. She prided herself on how much she exercised and walked on her treadmill.

She was a pretty open person and constantly talked about how she wanted to get a boob job from a reputable plastic surgeon. She told this to me and quite openly to others as well. So one time when she was looking through my job journal, it took all the courage I had to ask her if I could see what she had up on top.

Sandi laughed as if she thought I was joking and said, "You don't want to see them."

I decided to leave it alone realizing that if she mentioned it to Steve (my brother) he'd be super pissed and would probably beat the shit out of me. 

A couple of weeks went by and Steve never said anything to me so it kind of emboldened me to push the issue a little further. 

Once again I was at their house going through the paperwork with Sandi, and she had mentioned that she and Steve had gone to see a plastic surgeon to find out and discuss her options. She had mentioned that she didn't feel sexy anymore, and that Steve has seemed to have lost interest in her.

"He isn't home as much as he used to be." She complained. "He seems to work a lot more too."

I decided that it was time to push the issue. Once again I asked Sandi if I could see her tits. She gave me with a funny look. I think she was wondering if I was serious. I just looked at her with a serious look first making eye contact essentially saying, 'I am serious' and then looked down towards the little mounds on her chest.

"You really don't want to see them." Sandi said.

"I promise you I do. With all due respect to Steve, you are about the hottest chick that I know." I replied with a nervous stutter in my voice.

I think that she realized that she was looking at a horny 21-year-old, who really did think that she was beautiful.

To my amazement she started to unbutton her shirt.

At the first button, she said, "I am not sure why I'm doing this. Steve should not find out about this at all."

"That goes without saying." My voice was still trembling in both nervousness and excitement. What the heck was I doing?

"I'm just showing you this once...don't get any wild ideas." She said as she continued to unbutton her shirt. Finally she pulled her shirt off and was sitting there right in front of me in only her red bra. Even though I knew they were small, I was still a little disappointed at the size. Typically I like to see some cleavage when someone is wearing a bra. Finally she pulled her bra above her tits and gave me a nice glimpse of them. 

As you may know, I'm primarily a breast guy. I like them a little on the bigger side. But most importantly, I like them shaped nicely. Sandi did have small tits, but even after two kids, they were really shaped nice. They didn't sag down or point in odd directions. To sum it up, they were a nice tight small pair of breasts.

"I don't see why you or Steve doesn't like them." I said. "They have a beautiful shape to them. I would choose those over fake ones any day of the week. And I promise you, I would come home immediately from work if that is what I was coming home to."

A little embarrassed, she pulled her bra back on and started putting her shirt back on. 

"They are just too small. I need to keep things spiced up for Steve. I can already see how he looks at other women."

We left it at that and I was satisfied. If I saw every woman's tits in this world, I would die happy. 

Well I guess male horniness runs in the family because when I saw Sandi the very next week, she was crying. Actually sobbing is a better word. When I asked what was wrong she explained to me that she caught Steve having an affair. Apparently it had been going on for a while and she found out about it, by checking his cell phone bill.

He must've gotten careless or maybe he just didn't care. She didn't know what to do.

I knew that she was at a very vulnerable state of mind and wasn't sure if I should be inconsiderate and try to take advantage of that. I went and sat down next to her and started to rub her back.

"Do you want to talk about it Sandi?"

She shook her head. "Not really. I'm just feeling sick about it. He didn't even act remorseful about it. We had a big blow up fight last night and he left. He didn't come home at all. He probably stayed with her."

She turned towards me and hugged me. She started crying again. "I'm glad you are here. The kids are at school, Steve is gone and I just don't know what to do anymore. I feel so alone."

I slid my hands up and down her back slowly moving towards her butt and she started to pull away from me. I gradually moved my hands higher. I really wanted her but I didn't want her to think that I was taking advantage of her vulnerability.

"What's wrong with me?" She asked. "Could it be my boobs? I can't believe he did this." 

She leaned in closer to hug me again.

"I should've known something was wrong. We had sex only a handful of times since Jessi was born and even when I put on his favorite lingerie, he barely looks at me. He always says he's tired." (Jessica is Steve and Sandi's second child. She was eighteen months old).

She looked up at me with tears running down her face.

I looked at her and said, "Do something for me and trust me on this. Go and wear that lingerie and I want to prove a point to you. Don't ask questions, just trust me on this."

She stared at me for a while. "Aw hell, I don't know what you are up to, but what do I have to lose?" 

Shortly after Sandi left to go undress, there was a light knock on the front door. Then the door opened and Sandi's friend Ashley walked in.

"Hello?" she called out.

Ashley was a pretty hot brunette. I think she graduated with Sandi so that would put her at about 29 years old. I was fortunate enough to have Ashley as a customer. Often times she would be lying out at her pool when I was trimming bushes in her backyard. She had a pretty nice ass but not as firm as Sandi's. Her best quality was her breasts. I loved to stare at them all day when I was at her house. I would often prolong my trimming of her shrubs just to stare at her tits.

I had realized that her walking in could be devastating to us not to mention would be awkward, so I told Ashley that I'd go get Sandi and she could wait right there.

I walked quickly to Steve and Sandi's room where I assumed she was changing and opened the door. Sandi was standing there with her back towards me in the most gorgeous black lacy top and black lacy boy shirts. My first thought was, 'WOW! She could make a gay guy straight'. I closed the door behind me. What a beautiful ass!

I guess it didn't take much back in those days, because as I predicted, I started to get hard right away.

"Wow." I finally said out loud. "You're even hotter than I imagined. I am honestly amazed at your beauty and would love to look at you some more but Ashley just showed up and is waiting in the living room. Please, can I take a rain check?"

She turned around and looked at me. "Don't be in such a hurry. You told me that you wanted to prove something to me.... so what did you want to prove?" She asked. "Don't worry about Ashley right now."

A little embarrassed I pulled my shorts down along with my boxers and said, "This is what I wanted to prove to you." I pointed down at my rock hard cock. "I wanted to prove to you that you were so hot that you could get me hard instantaneously. I wanted you to know that it wasn't you that caused Steve to stray. I hate to say it but Steve's a dickhead and he doesn't deserve you."

Just then the door to the bedroom opened and Ashley walked in. "What's going on in here?" She had a sly grin on her face.

I could feel my face redden. I looked over at Sandi who was just as calm as can be. She was still staring at my cock. It was getting a little limp now at the prospect of being caught naked in front of my brother's wife, by Ashley.

Ashley walked in front of me and stared at my dick. "Don't go soft on my account. I would hope that I had the opposite effect on men."

I smiled and looked over at Sandi. She put her finger to her mouth as if to say 'we won't tell if you don't tell.' She started to walk over towards me. She got as close as she could without walking into my pole. Then she grabbed it.

"You're bigger than Steve." She whispered. Those words made me proud. She stroked it a couple times getting the feel of it. 

Ashley took my shirt off for me and started caressing and kissing my chest. She said, "I've wanted to do this every time I saw you mowing my lawn with your shirt off."

Am I a lucky guy or what?

Sandi wasted no time. She got on her knees and started giving me the best blowjob that I had ever had in my 21 years. 

"Aaaaahhhh...! That feels so good."

I was hanging on for dear life as she continued to stroke me with her hand and sucked on my mushroom tip with her mouth. That hand-twisting thing is something I will never forget. She's done this many times before and I was reaping the rewards of her hard work and experience. 

Ashley and I started a slobbery lip lock. She was a wonderful kisser; just as I imagined. 

Ashley was one of my lawn mowing fantasies. You know the one; I'm mowing the lawn with my shirt off, she's lying out at the pool.... takes her top off.... I walk over and kiss her...you get the idea.

Sorry for getting sidetracked.

I reached around Ashley and started pulling her shirt up. She lifted her arms for me to make it easier. In no time I was not only getting sucked off but also staring at a beautiful pair of tits just begging to be set free from their holster. I was happy to oblige them.

I reached around and unhooked her bra. I chuckled as the bra kind of popped forward. As her bra straps were released, her tits sprung the bra forward a bit. They were everything I imagined them to be. Those nice natural tits hung a bit as would be expected, but her beautiful pepperoni-like areolas still stared me right in the face. She had a perfect tan line from her many days in her backyard. I ran my finger across the border between light and dark skin. I started to caress her tits without appearing too eager. I pinched her nipples lightly and bent over to suck on them. Ashley unbuttoned her shorts and stuck her hand inside. She moaned as she pleasured herself. 

A few moments later I decided that I wanted more of Ashley. "Let me help you with that." I begged Ashley. She pulled her shorts down and I moved her underwear to the side exposing her beautiful pussy. I started rubbing her slit. She moaned, and so did I. The pleasures of getting a wonderful blowjob from Sandi felt wonderful.

"Oh...oh. That's perfect...right there. Ooooohhh. Ooooohhh." She purred. 

Ashley and I started to kiss each other again. Sandi was getting me to climax. 

"Oh fuck; this is hot! I'm going to cum." I said out loud. 

I took my hand off of Ashley's crotch. I moved both hands to Sandi's head. Sandi started to increase her strokes and her sucking. Ashley went back to fingering herself. I started thrusting my hips in unison with Sandi's head movements and suddenly started to blow my giant load into her mouth.

"Oh... Oh..! Ooooohhh...! Oooohhh...!" I shouted.

She took it all like the pro that she was. Only a little bit of my seed seeped out of her mouth and Ashley bent down to lick it off of her. Sandi moved her mouth from my dick and kissed Ashley. They were locked in a beautiful girl-girl kiss for several seconds exchanging my juices. As soon as they were done with each other, Ashley turned around and licked the remnants of cum from my rock hard dick.

"Our turn." Sandi said. She motioned for me to lie down on her bed.

I did as requested and both Ashley and Sandi took the rest of their clothes off.

Sandi, fully nude now turned towards me and smiled. I was impressed at how well she kept herself trimmed. Her dark pubes were trimmed in a perfect triangle. I really liked it. I'm not much of a 'shave it all off' type of guy. My former girlfriend Amber always shaved her pussy. But I didn't like forests either. (I think every forest needs to stay trimmed to avoid wildfires.)

Ashley was well trimmed as well. She trimmed it in a 1 inch by about 3-inch bacon strip. I liked that approach to cleanliness as well. She got on top of me first. Her huge tits hung down as she bent to grab my throbbing cock. She hovered above it and guided it into her already moist pussy as she moved her body downwards. There was little resistance and her pussy engulfed my entire cock in no time.

"Oooohhh." We both said in unison. I love that feeling that comes when you first enter a hot, wet pussy. There's nothing like it. And each one has a special and different feel. Ashley was no exception.

Sandi got onto the bed and practically sat on my face with her body facing the headboard. She grabbed onto it and hovered above my mouth. I parted her lips with my thumb and index finger. Her clitoris was already swollen and was easy to find. I started alternating with both my tongue and my fingers to bring her maximum pleasure. She started groaning.

"Steve hasn't done this to me for a long time. It feels so..awe.. good."

Ashley continued fucking me bobbing up and down on my cock. Despite fucking two beautiful older women, I felt that I could go on for days. I was hoping to bring them to climax before climaxing myself for a second time.

"This is so fucking hot!" I blurted with a shaking voice. "You are two wild chicks." 

I decided to push the limit on Sandi. As I was licking her swollen clit, I put my pointer finger into her now juicy cunt. I got it nice and lubed up and pulled it out and started working it into her tight asshole. She jumped a bit when my finger first came into contact with her hole but said nothing. I took this as a hint to keep going. I could tell that she's done this before. I worked at it a bit and was finally able to 'break the seal' that had developed from the long interval that had transpired from not having her back door entered. I slowly pushed my finger further in. 

Sandi moaned. "Oh... Oh..! Oh my..." 

I continued to work my finger in and out of her hole. Listening to these two beautiful girls moaning was more than I could handle.

Sandi stood up from my face and moved next to me getting on all fours. "I want you in my ass!" Sandi begged.

Ashley dismounted and decided to lie down in front of Sandi. Have they done this before?

Hoping that Ashley's juices were enough to keep me lubed for entry into Sandi's ass, I got up behind her and with my hand at the base of my cock, guided it towards Sandi's hole. I knew her hole was used to my brother's smaller dick. And even that had been a while ago, from what she said. 

Slowly I tried to work it in there. My fingers are pretty thick, but that really didn't help with getting my dick into her ass. I needed to get the tip in there before Ashley's lube wore off. I was having trouble so I pulled it away and spat right on her hole. I rubbed my cock around in the spittle and tried again. This time it went in with a little more effort. Once I passed the outer ring, I knew I was in, but still needed to take it slowly.

I worked at it and she was moaning pretty good by now. It appeared as though Sandi was pleasuring Ashley's pussy with her tongue while Sandi was getting her ass thumped. I reached around Sandi with my right hand to try to keep her pussy wet and pleasured as well. 

I grabbed on her left hip and started thrusting back and forth slowly at first. I was having the time of my life. We were all making various moaning noises at this point. Yeah... the time of my life!

"Uuuuunnnnnhhhhh...!" Ashley yelled as Sandi continued to pleasure her pussy.

They both continued to moan louder and louder and I could tell that Sandi hasn't been fulfilled for quite some time. I was about to climax and she could feel it. Simultaneously we started thrusting harder. She thrust towards my dick and I pushed harder in her ass. Sandi stopped licking on Ashley at this point. I think she wasn't coordinated enough to take in all this pleasure and lick on Ashley's clit at the same time. But she was coordinated enough to thrust her fingers up Ashley and Ashley took over for Sandi when she started rubbing her own clit in a circular manner. We were all at our wit's end and ready to explode. Sandi let out a huge moan as she started to orgasm. 

"Oh... Oh..! Uuuunnnhhh....! Ooooohhhhh...! Ooooohhhhh...!"

She moved her ass harder and harder into my dick. This got me so excited and I could feel my second orgasm starting to develop. I pulled out of her ass and stroked myself to achieve orgasm. I started spewing it all over her back. I felt like a cross between the energizer bunny and Old Faithful because it shot out and just kept going and going.

I got down and went over to where Ashley was laying and let her lick my cum and Sandi's ass juices off of my dick. She happily lapped it up without missing a beat.

She almost had given herself and orgasm but I wanted to help her out. I got on all fours and started to lick her clit. She was getting closer because her back arched and she essentially shoved her crotch into my face. Her moans got louder. 

I wasn't ready for this, but Sandi got behind me and started licking my asshole and cupping my balls with her hand. Since this was the first time for me, I felt uncomfortable at first, but realized that it felt pretty sexy. My dick started to harden again. As I reached full erection, Sandi started stroking it again.

Ashley was getting closer to climax. She continued to moan as I stuck two fingers into her beautiful swollen pussy. Her body started going into spasms and it took all my coordination to keep licking in the right place. She started whimpering like a puppy and tears of ecstasy fell from the corners of her eyes. All of a sudden a loud moan filled the bedroom. I felt her juices rushing out of her pussy and onto my goatee. She moaned again and then sighed a huge sigh of relief. "Awe! Oh woooowwww. You are masterful!" She smiled and finally noticed that Sandi was giving me a hand job. 
