 The student bar was full of boisterous young men who were all bragging to each other about their sexual and sporting prowess as they swilled pints of beer. 

Sandra walked into the bar and felt the heads turn and watch her and mentally undress her. She knew that tonight she looked stunning with her straight blonde platinum hair that fell to just on her shoulders. Her full 36c breasts strained against the thin silver lurex boob tube, and her hard nipples poking against the material showed that she wasn't wearing a bra. She giggled silently to herself in the knowledge that she had no panties on under the matching silver mini-skirt that revealed her long tanned legs and only barely covered her pert ass. Tottering slightly on the 4 inch heels as she walked to the bar, she ordered a drink. 

Before she could pay she heard a smooth voice beside her say, "A girl shouldn't buy drinks on her birthday." Turning Sandra looked deep into the brown eyes of the very good-looking Captain of the University Rugby team. Smiling a sweet and innocent smile that caused men's hearts to melt She replied, "Thanks. Maybe all the team want to give me one as it's my 19th birthday."

John, the rugby captain, raised an eyebrow at what could be a double meaning in Sandra's reply but decided to try his luck as he like many of the team had lusted after Sandra since she joined the university 6 months ago. Adopting what he felt was a Brad Pitt type look said, "do you think you could handle all of us?"

Sandra returned his gaze with blue eyes that shone brightly with lust and licked her lips as she said still with her sweet innocent voice, "It's my 19th birthday and I want 19 cocks ........... can you deliver?" John nearly choked on his beer as he realised that here was a beautiful girl who was begging to be gang banged. Pulling her gently by the arm John led her over to the rest of the team and with his draped over her shoulders announced to the guys, "Sandra here wasn't to know whether we can supply 19 cocks for her 19th birthday present."

The reaction ranged from stunned disbelief to some of them openly rubbing the crotch of their jeans and the beginning of an erection. "You bet." The chorused and with that they piled out of the bar and back to one of the nearby student rooms. 

The room was crowded as only designed to accommodate 2 men sharing but those who couldn't get it strained at the door to watch the action unfold. A silence fell over them as Sandra calmly removed her top to reveal her firm breasts and then breathing almost stopped as she stepped out of her mini-skirt to show her shaved pussy. 

Lying back on the single bed Sandra opened her legs and rubbed herself lewdly as she purred "who's first then boys?" After a brief discussion it was agreed that captain John should be first. Dropping his jeans John revealed his hard cock that was a respectable 7 inches. Lifting her legs up and apart Sandra invited him in with a smile. John needed no second invitation and mounting her thrust his cock deep into her pussy. "Christ she is wet" John grunted as she started to thrust in and out. Sandra moaned as she felt him enter her and wrapped her legs round his back encouraging him to fuck harder by pulling him in with her ankles.

John soon shot his load into her and almost before he had withdrawn the second guy took his place. Sandra settled quickly to a slightly smaller but thicker cock and humped up as she felt him drive in and out. Once he had filled her full of cum his place was taken by the 3rd who was quickly followed by the 5th and 6th. By now Sandra was a little sore but her head was spinning as she felt the different cocks fuck in and out of her pussy.

The 7th guy paused before he mounted her and looked at her pussy that was oozing with the previous 6 guys cum. "She ain't even gonna feel my 6 inches" he laughed and Sandra turned and knelt on all fours moving her legs together to tighten her pussy. "Good girl" the man smiled as he thrust into her pussy sawing in and out until he had shot his load.

Sandra felt the 7th guy pull out and heard the growl from the 8th guy, "Let's try a different hole," and with that wiped his cock along Sandra's pussy to collect some lubricant before poking at Sandra's anal opening. Sandra loved anal sex almost as much as she loved pussy sex and relaxed allowing him to push inside. "Ah yes" he grunted, "Her ass is good and tight" and began to drive in and out. Sandra felt the familiar slutty feel wash over her that she always got from anal sex and cried out, "Give me a cock to suck."

More than one willing applicant stepped forward and Sandra felt herself alternating between two stiff cocks with her warm wet mouth as the 8th guy came deep in her ass. "It's ready for you horse," he laughed as he pulled out.

Sandra nearly bit the end of one guys cock as she felt a much bigger cock push at her ass. Bracing herself Sandra felt guy number 9 force his 10-inch cock deeper and deeper. Sandra was in heaven now feeling the thick meaty cock driving into her ass as she sucked. Despite the orgasms rushing through her she was careful not to let the two guys she was sucking cum, as she wanted their cocks in her.

After the 9th guy had finished the 10th cock that replaced it in her ass was somewhat smaller and easier to manage. Holding her hand up to stop Sandra said in a husky voice, "On your back big boy I want to ride you." With cheers from the watching crowd they manoeuvred themselves so that the guy was lying on his back embedded in Sandra's ass with her facing away and smiling to the crowd.

"Number 11 please" she cooed rubbing her pussy as the guy stepped forward. Leaning back so her back was on the man underneath chest Sandra sighed with deep contentment as the 11th guy slide into her pussy. If there was anything Sandra loved more than anal sex it was being double fucked. The two men soon worked out a rhythm and began alternating between both pushing together to switching so that the thrust in forced her deep onto the other guys cocks.

Sandra's cries of ecstasy soon had both of them filling her full of their hot cum. When they had finished the 12th man lay on his back and Sandra rolled over and mounted him sliding down on his cock until it was fully embedded. Sandra waited expecting the 13th man to push into her ass and was a little surprised when he didn't.

Sandra felt her pussy stretch and then it dawned on her that they were going to double fuck her pussy. This was a new experience for Sandra but one that by now she was looking forward to. Once the second guy was fully in Sandra felt more stretched than she had in a long time and loved the feeling as they both pushed up causing her insides to flex and expand. Soon their cum joined the others that had gone before.

"God that double cock in my pussy was amazing" Sandra purred and by now her brain was reeling. "You" she barked at guy number 14, "on your back". Straddling him facing the crowd Sandra took his whole 8 inches into her ass in one easy movement. Leaning back Sandra lifted her legs high and tucked them close to her breasts. Looking over at number 15 she said, "Now get your cock in my ass alongside your friends."

Number 15 began to push and stopped when Sandra began to yelp. "Don't you fucking dare stop you wimp" Sandra cried and with that the man thrust hard forcing his cock into her ass as well. "Oh god yes that feels good" Sandra uttered as they both began to thrust into her ass. Soon their cum joined their friends and then they pulled out leaving Sandra on the bed with streams of cum oozing out of her pussy and ass. "That's only 15" Sandra almost cried, "You promised 19." The guys looked at each other to see who wanted seconds hoping she would accept that when they heard a deep rich voice behind them. "What's going on here then lads?" Turning, they came face to face with Jackson, who was head of security for the campus, flanked by three of his men. Although the guys were well built rugby players they looked puny against the imposing bulk of the four security men.

All of the security team on campus were black and many adopted the shaven headed approach of the 6'8" Jackson. Fading away the guys allowed Jackson to look into the room to see Sandra who by this time had her eyes closed and was rubbing her clit as the after shocks of the orgasms ran through her.

"There are only 15 of us" John stammered "and she wants 19 and there are 4 of you" his voice fading away. "Well we can't disappoint her can we?" Jackson's rich voice boomed as he and his men slid into the room. Sandra's eyes came wide open as she heard Jackson's voice and her eyes opened even wider as each of the security guards dropped their trousers and began to undress.

Licking her lips Sandra murmured "Oh goody black cock" as she saw each of the huge cocks come into view. Sandra bounced to her knees on the bed and began to try to suck each of the four cocks one after the after and giggled as they each grew to their full size. They were all big but Jackson was by far the biggest and Sandra was still trying to get her mouth round it as one guard pulled her back on the bed.

Lifting her legs up to his shoulders the guard positioned his cock at Sandra's pussy and smiled down at her. "Black cock for white slut pussy" he leered as he began to feed it in. Despite the fucking she had already received Sandra groaned as she felt her pussy being stretched. The guard pumped into her delighting at Sandra's moans and groans as he fucked her long and deep. Once he had shot his load deep inside he pulled out and was replaced by the next guard.

He embedded himself deeply and then grasping Sandra's ass rolled her over so she was on top of him. Sandra gulped, as she knew what was coming next and screamed as she felt another 12 inches of cock being pushed into her ass. "It won't fittttttttttttttt," she moaned as the head first, and then the rest slowly invaded her ass. Sandra yelled her lungs out as the two huge black cocks drove in and out of her pussy and ass sending her to new heights of pleasure.

After they had finished Sandra lay of the bed breathless her pussy and ass gaping open from the brutal fucking they had received. "Ride me bitch" Sandra heard Jackson utter and looking up saw him sitting in the chair slowly stroking his cock. It wasn't just the length that took Sandra's breath away it was the size. Even Jackson's meaty hands only just fitted round his cock as he pumped it.

Climbing over him Sandra lifted on tiptoes as she got the tip to her pussy. Her pussy was well fucked and dripping with cum but despite this the head felt almost too big to go in. Leaning forward Jackson gently bit on Sandra's nipple before lifting his face and gently saying, "take it white bitch, ride it.........if you can".

Sandra gritted her teeth and forced herself down onto his mighty cock feeling like her body was splitting in two. The room had gone silent as they watched the massive cock slide slowly into Sandra pussy. In forever it seemed like as Sandra let herself sink lower and lower onto his cock. Finally a murmur of a cheer broke the room and Sandra realised that the whole of Jackson's cock was in her. It felt like it was going to come out the top of her head but despite the pain Sandra began to slowly ride Jackson. 

As she adjusted to the size Sandra began to enjoy herself and started to ride up and down. As Jackson became more and more excited he started to thrust up causing Sandra to scream in pain and pleasure. Any chance of escaping was denied when Jackson grabbed her ass and began to hold her as he thrust up. Jackson grunted as he filled Sandra with his hot cum so deep it seemed like it would never come out.

Once Jackson had finished Sandra climbed off him with weak legs and as he finally plopped out a stream of cum hit the floor from her abused and ravaged pussy. Wearily picking up her clothes Sandra smiled at the crowd and said "thanks for my 19th birthday present guys, wonder what I will get for my 20th". Smiling at her with his still huge flaccid cock in his hand Jackson's voice rumbled as he said "this up your ass girl."