 "I'll have to leave after work for Ft. Worth, "Sandi told him as she pulled herself up to get out of bed. 

"What's in Ft. Worth?" David questioned. 

"Quarterly meeting." 

Already? Seems you just had one last month." 

"No, it was three months ago. Just before your birthday. Remember? You came down on the last day and got a room in the same hotel. I fucked you and that guy from the piano bar across the street? What was his name?" She quietly snapped her fingers trying to think of it. 

"I don't remember. It was Kevin, or something like that." 

"No...Marvin. It was Marvin." 

"That's right. Sent you to the moon several times with this talented tongue, as I recall." 

"Mmm. That's right. I remember." Her eyes stared off into space, lost in the recollection. 

"So, you're gonna be gone till when?" 

"It runs from Tuesday morning through Friday morning. They let us go just before lunch. That way they don't have to feed us again." Her face suddenly flashed an idea. "Hey, why don't you come down Friday afternoon, like last time, meet me after the last session gets out and stay the night here again. We could walk around downtown, "her voice lowered, "Or something else fun, then have a weekend together. We haven't had one of those since the last Quarterly." 

"True. Has it been that long?" he said. The wheels were already turning. "How about this? Let's make it special. I mean really special." 

"What do you consider 'special'?" she asked, questioningly. She had seen this devious look before. It usually meant something very kinky that made her body feel very good. 

"OK, here's the scenario, and your assignment. During the week you mingle with the people, like you always do. Except now you mingle with a purpose." 

"OK. What's the purpose? Hope. Hope." 

"This time you're looking for a 'special' person?" 

"Like Marvin? Please say 'yes'." 

"Yes. Like Marvin. Several Marvins." He paused, waiting for what he said to sink into her brain. 

Her brow furrowed a moment, then her eyes widened. "Ooo," was all she said, fully realizing the potential. 

"And while you're at it, like Marilyn." 

Her face tilted as she asked, "Who's Marilyn?" Then it hit her. "Ooo...That's kinky. I've never done that before, but I've been curious." 

"I know. It's been a fantasy of mine for a long time. There was no way I would've brought it up in the past. But, with the way we are now..." 

"You fantasized about me with another woman?" 

"Well, sure. It's hot. Find a good looking woman to pleasure you while I watch. What's NOT to love about that? Four tits, two pussies, two asses, kissing, sucking, licking, orgasms...What's not to like?" He was starting to get hard just thinking about his fantasy actually coming true. 

"I never thought about it like that...I mean, from a man's point of view. Or from a woman's point of view either, for that matter. I bet it's a whole different experience with a woman." 

"I've read other heterosexual women who say it's no comparison. They don't want to give up a dick, but it's nice for a change. The contrast and taboo nature is very intoxicating. Light, soft caresses instead of power. Just a different experience." 

"I'm a little nervous about it, but it might be fun." 

"I think you'll love it right away. So, basically, your assignment is to find a few guys and an equal number of women YOU think would be fun to fuck. Convince them to stay over on that Friday night. They can leave on Saturday. It doesn't matter if they're single or married." Mt hunch was that married ones might actually be better. This would be something they probably wouldn't do at all with their spouses. So, they would tend to cut loose a little more than the single ones who probably do it more often. "Remember, it's someone YOU want to fuck, so you will DEFINITELY have a good time. Me, too. I'm gonna join in this time. I'll get there early in the day and get the cameras set up. I can't wait to see this one on those chilly nights when we're snowed in. It'll heat things up. It'll definitely get the blood pumping into the right places. Our first orgy." 

"An orgy? Should we all wear togas?" 

"This isn't Animal House, Bluto. Who cares how we start out, as long as we all end up naked and fucking like rabbits." 

"What if I can't get enough to people come?" She added, worried. 

"If anyone can convince them it'll be worth their while, you can. You have all week to figure out who has the biggest dick, the best tongue, male and female, and who loves to get kinky. Work on them through the week. They don't stand a chance against you. I know you. When you set your sights on something, there's no way anyone can say no. Just rub those big old titties up against them a couple of times and watch them get excited." 

"You're awful," she said, slapping him on the arm. 

"What? You think I'm exaggerating? Your body IS irresistible, "he said, leaning in behind her, kissing her neck softly. He reached under her arms and palmed her magnificent tits. She shivered at his kiss and rubbed her tits back and forth against his hands, warming herself with the erotic feelings. "Especially these babies," he added. She loved it when he did that. She was proud of her tits and their effect on both men and women. She could feel the moisture between her legs beginning to demand attention, but had to push it down for now. 

"C'mon, we don't have time for that right now. I'm running late for work as it is." 

"OK. You're right. But this Friday...And," he added, "To make it better that night, we have to agree to NOT have sex of any kind all this week until Friday night. No masturbating and certainly no sex. Save it for the orgy." 

"No masturbating? I'll be climbing the walls before Friday gets here, "she whined. 

"I hear you. Me, too. And no vibrators, either, like you usually do. I want us to be so horny that we'll fuck like it's the last sex we'll ever have. I can't wait to see you getting fucked into next week. It'll be great." 

They got out of bed, going about the normal workday routine and went their separate ways. 

The day went by quickly, even though Sandi was lost in anticipation of what was going to happen in four days. She raced home to pack her things for the Quarterly Meeting. She saw the toys in her underwear drawer and almost included her trusty vibrator, "Old Blue." But then she remembered her agreement not to masturbate while she was at the meeting. She squeezed her thighs together, feeling the slickness building up. This was going to be a long week. She hoped it was going to be worth the sacrifice. 

Reluctantly, she put Old Blue back in the drawer. She finished packing her things and placed her overnight case by the front door, along with her toiletries bag. She wanted to make one more run through to make sure she didn't forget something critical. She was leaving the bedroom, as she was turning her head back around, she ran into something solid. 

Thinking it was the door facing, she moved to clear it. He grabbed her upper arms and planted his lips on hers, well and truly kissing her. His hands dropped down her back to cover her flesh butt cheeks, squeezing them firmly, pulling them into his erection. Her first instinct was fear and she tried to pull back. It happened so quickly. 

Then she realized who it was. She relaxed and brought her hands up finding his growing erection. She rubbed it up and down, squeezing as she moved her hands faster. 

"A week's a long time with no sex of any kind," he whispered as he teased her clit through her jeans. 

"I know," she replied. She had already undone his belt and was feverishly working on his zipper. 

"I have to have you now. To hold me until Friday." He said, hungrily. 

"Me, too. Get these clothes off me and fuck me good, "she whispered. He pulled her shirt up and off. They raced to get each other's pants down at the same time. With her pants around her knees she couldn't move well and started backing up to maintain her of balance. She backpedaled into the bedroom and was stopped when her knees hit the bed and she fell backwards. In the meantime he had pulled his own pants and underwear off. He came to the bed and she raised her legs straight. He removed her shoes and finished removing her pants. 

His dick leading the way, he crawled up the bed on all fours. He pulled her panties down her luscious legs, throwing them towards her jeans. She was shaking in anticipation. He turned back to her and placed his palms on her abdomen side-by-side, sliding them up her stomach, and under her bra, pushing the cups up and over, as his probing digits closed around her breasts. He continued moving his body up and kissed her hard on the mouth. She was just as desperate to fuck as he was. His right hand slid down her stomach. His middle finger parted her lips from top to bottom and back. On the return trip it lingered, fingered and circled her pleasure button. It was a wonder she could even feel it, as lubricated as she was. She was ready. 

"Fuck me," she whispered urgently, "I want you in me." 

He centered himself between her spread legs, lining up his dick with her oozing hole. She moaned when he pushed inside her as far as he could go. He held it for a moment, allowing himself to enjoy the feeling. She luxuriated in it. Then he began his mission - building and driving until her pussy walls clamped down on his dick. She suddenly snapped her head back, squeezed her eyes shut and clenched her jaw. He kept going until he felt that tingle starting in his toes, moving up his body, exploding out his cock, coating her pussy with his pleasure. They remained immobile for several long minutes, spent and sated. 

"See you Friday afternoon, lover," she said as he kissed her goodbye. She sat in the driver's seat of her car. He closed the door. 

"We're gonna have fun. Find some big dicks and nasty pussies for us. You can do it." 

She put the car in gear waving out the window as she made her way to Ft. Worth. 

She stood at the counter waiting for the clerk to give her the key card to her room. As she signed the registration card someone grabbed her from behind. 

"Sandiiii..." 

The way she was held, Sandi couldn't see who it was. The grip loosened and she turned to look into the eyes of her best work friend, Stacie. 

"I'll get you for that. Just wait." She said, a wide grin on her face. 

"You just getting here?" 

"Yup. Checking in. What room are you in?" 

"763. You?" 

Same room. How did you manage that?" Sandi pondered. 

"I'm not telling. Just lucky, I guess." 

"Yeah, lucky. Well, it'll be good to catch up on everything since last meeting." 

"I can't wait. Have you checked in yet? 

"Just finished. Help me take my stuff upstairs and we'll come back down and get some dinner. I'm starved." 

"I'd be glad to. You'll never guess who's here this time?" she whispered. 

"Who?" Sandi asked. 

"Brad Clevenger. 

"Who? Do I know him?" 

"He's the new VP at Corporate. The one who sent out the letter to everybody, introducing himself." 

"Yeah, I remember. I got one. Had his picture in it? Not bad looking." 

"Well...I helped put that letter together. I picked the picture. There were a bunch of pictures. I chose a pretty tame one." 

"How wild could they be, Stacie? He's a Corporate Executive." 

"I'll show you later. I kept a couple. They're hot." 

"Hot? What? Speedo or something?" 

"Almost as good. There's one from the side...C'mon, I'll show you." 

"Show me? You brought them here?" 

"Well. Yeah. I wanted you to see them. They're definitely H-O-T." 

"Does your husband know you kept them?" 

"Yeah, Sandi. I asked him if it was OK for me to have them. Of course, my husband doesn't know. I brought them to show YOU. Here, let's take your stuff upstairs and I'll show you." 

Arriving at their room, Stacie swiped her key card and opened the door. She put Sandi's travel bag on the bed and crossed to the dresser, pulled out the top drawer and reached for a manila envelope. She opened the clasp and pulled out two 8 X 10 photos. She turned and handed one to Sandi. Sandi took it and looked at it with interest. She slowly nodded her head. 

"Nice. Very Nice." 

Stacie handed her the second picture - a full-length side view taken at a 45 Degree angle to one side. It showed a very prominent bulge in his crotch. 

"Whoa. He packing some serious meat," Sandi commented. "Is that for real or is he smuggling missiles?" 

"100% Grade A prime. All natural, and from what I've heard, performance tuned. And it does. Frequently, if you get my drift, girl. 

"How do you know this, Stacie. Or are you just guessing. Or hoping." 

"My best friend at Corporate has had personal experience. She said was a live-changing experience. A sexual epiphany." 

"OK. But is he like that every time, or was it just a one-time thing?" 

"Always available. He is personally responsible for the dramatic increase in morale among the women in the Corporate office - single and married. He's the real deal alright." 

"Could be just rumor. You know how women love to talk." 

"Well, he's here. You can check him out for yourself." 

"Maybe I will," Sandi said, her mind was already working out the possibilities for her first big cock on Friday. 

The first morning went as usual. Introductions, greetings and a pep talk. Lunch was catered with a couple of portable buffet carts and a table filled with salads and various desserts. They lined up to be served. As it happened, with their table right next to the head table, Sandi and Stacie were right behind Brad Clevenger in line. 

"Stacie, isn't that Brad in front of you?" Sandi whispered in Stacie's ear. 

"Yeah, it is. You want to talk to him?" 

"Sorta. I want to 'bump' into him." They switched places in line. Sandi was trying to appear like she was looking over Brad's shoulder to see what was being served. As she did, she remembered what Dave had said, and pressed her breast into his upper arm. But she had to be careful - and discreet. This could end in disaster. She quickly apologized, an embarrassed look on her face. But she didn't remove it. She took a chance. Instead, she looked directly into his eyes and started a barely perceptible rocking motion with her body, continuing her breast massage. 

"Hi..." he said, waiting for her name. 

"Sandi." 

"Sandi. I'm Brad Clevenger. I'm in the way. It looks like you're pressing to see what we're having. I already know what it is, I ordered it. Why don't I let you and your friend come before me?" He emphasized the word "come." 

Sandi and Stacie giggled shyly and shuffled in front of him, thanking him. He was now directly behind Sandi in line. He stepped closer to her, leaning over her shoulder, describing what they were having for lunch. As he leaned in to Sandi, he brought his crotch in close, until it pressed into her ass cheek. He slowly thrust his hips into her, returning the tease Sandi had done to him, furtively expressing his interest in moving to the next level sexually. She pushed her ass back into his dick, acknowledging his signal. He was pleased to have made his first connection. She was relieved to still have her job. 

"We'll talk later, Brad," Sandi smiled and gave a wink. 

"I'm sure we could find something stimulating to talk about. Later, then." 

Mentally, Sandi chalked up the first cock of the orgy. The rest of the day went by as expected. The week progressed as yet another meeting she had attended. But, it was hard to keep her mind on the boring sales figures and charts. Every bar graph shown, morphed into a lineup of big cocks. 

She still worked on her assignment. She had identified Brad and another cock from an office in another city who met the qualification, but as yet had found no women to join. And today was Friday. What was she going to do? She decided to enlist Stacie's help. This meant she would have to tell Stacie her plans. She broached the subject delicately at breakfast, while she was buttering an English Muffin at the Continental Breakfast. 

"Well, Stacie. Our last day together for a while," she threw out generically. 

"Yeah. I always hate Fridays. You just get to know people and start having fun, then you have to leave." 

"I'd be nice if we could make the fun last a little longer, wouldn't it?" Sandi asked. 

"Yeah, it would. It was starting to get really interesting. By the way, did you ever hook up with Brad?" 

"No. But the day's not over yet." Raising her eyebrows up and down. 

"But we just have this morning, then everything breaks up and everybody goes home." 

"Well, not everybody." Sandi said, flashing her best Mona Lisa smile. 

Stacie gasped, realizing what Sandi had implied. "What are YOU doing? Something with Brad? What about your husband? What will he say?" 

"Well," Sandi paused, choosing her words carefully, "He's coming down. He reserved us a suite. We're going to have a little 'us' time." 

"But what does that have to do with Brad? Is this a 2-room scramble for Sandi?" 

"No, a few of us are going to get together this evening for a little intimate conversation and interaction." 

Stacie stared blankly for a moment, processing what Sandi might have meant by her cryptic reply. Then it hit her. "You guys are one of THOSE kinds of couples?" 

"Well, let's just say we're not rigidly opposed to pleasure where you find it. " 

"And how often do you find pleasure in other places?" Stacie asked, still wide-eyed. 

"As often as we can. Like tonight. Tonight we were going to try something new but I didn't do my part and Dave will be disappointed. That's why I need your help." She paused, then gathering her courage, continued. "I already have Brad and John from Saginaw coming..." 

"The other giant cock here?" Stacie interrupted. 

"How do you KNOW these things? Anyway, they will be there tonight, but David also wanted to include a couple of women in the mix, in addition to me. I've never had sex with a woman, and certainly don't know how to pick one up. So I haven't found anyone, and its Friday. What do I do? You know everybody here. Is there anyone you know that might be interested in an orgy?" 

Let me think a minute, Sandi." She scrolled through her mental Rolodex for anyone who might fit the bill. One name came to mind immediately - Heather. A tall, leggy brunette with a high, tight ass and ample tits - maybe a large C size. She was known to be just as popular with women as with men. 

"Heather from Seagoville would be perfect. I'll talk to her for you, if you want." 

"That would be a big load off my mind. Thanks, Stacie. But that's only one. What about someone else?" 

"Sandi, I'm hurt." 

"Hurt? What'd I say, Stacie?" 

"I'm hurt that you're not inviting me." 

"You?" She asked, incredulous. "I didn't even think you would consider something like that. You really want to?" 

"What? Fuck the two biggest cocks here and eat out your pussy? Are you crazy? I wouldn't miss it. I'm calling my husband and making up some excuse to stay here tonight. Count me in. This is making me horny just thinking about it. I may have to take care of myself in the restroom. Just so I can concentrate today. What time do you want me here?" 

Well, David will be here this morning reserving the suite and arranging for the liquor and finger food. We're catering everything. Music, he's bringing toys and other 'interesting' things. He's really excited about this and is going all out. He can't wait to see me filled with two giant cocks, while getting himself totally fucked." 

"Shut up, girl. I'm leaking already. I'm gonna have to put some toilet paper in my panties now, so I don't leave a wet spot on my jeans. I gotta go. I'll see you later." She got up and hurried off to the restroom. 

The final speeches were made, the awards were passed out and the meeting came to an end a few minutes before noon. People buzzed around saying their goodbyes, or made their way quickly to the exit for the trip home. Sandi and Stacie stood talking to the people at their table and neighboring tables, sharing office stories and offering congratulations. Their eyes met each other's, lingering in excited anticipation. Her week of self-imposed celibacy, combined with the possibilities of things to come later that night had Sandi on edge. She shifted her weight from leg to leg, rubbing her thighs together, sending stimulation to her aching clit. The thin white sweater she word today clung snugly to her firm breasts, accenting her hard, gumdrop-sized nipples. She chatted with a woman from the table next to hers. By the way she was standing, with her back to Stacie caused a bottleneck in the traffic flow, as Brad moved toward them. He came to the small gap between them and placed his hands on Sandi's shoulders to warn her he was coming through. Taking advantage of the innocent pass-through he seized the opportunity to press his groin into Sandi's ass. He apologized, holding it there a second. Sandi's eyes went big as her brain tried to register who was invading her personal space in such a sexual way. A sexy smile dawned across her face and she subtly pushed back into the intruder, burrowing it further into her ass crack. She turned her head to see who belonged to the pleasure between her cheeks. It felt wonderfully large. She purred her apology with a public social smile. She gave another bump and a shimmy of her ass, she mouthed, "See you later." He winked his acknowledgement, shuffling off. 
