 Chapter 27. First Experience of Dogging. (July 2004).

Arriving home from the office J exuberantly told me he'd overheard a conversation at lunchtime about a woodland area renowned as a dogging hotspot. His enthusiasm came as no surprise, J having told me about his growing interest in the pastime. Having checked it out on the map hubby decided it was both far enough away, and in a part of the country unfamiliar to us, for discretion to be assured. 

On the following evening, a Friday, we both finished work early and after a shower and change set out for the woodland. Finding S***** Forest without difficulty J drove through the parking area and eventually selecting a place a little remote from other vehicles pulled in. Most of the vehicles we passed had been empty, the occupants presumably out walking in the wood, and J seemed a little disappointed. However spotting another car approaching through the parking area he promptly took me in his arms. We heard the vehicle stop and after a few minutes the sound of car doors slamming. A face suddenly appeared at John's window and a guy said,

"Nice day for it mate. If you're up for some fun that is."

"It is and we are," J replied, understanding the meaning of the guy's words quicker than I.

With my attention on the guy talking to hubby I hadn't noticed the other one on my side of the car until his hand snaked in the open window to squeeze my leg.

"Nice fleshy thighs on her Chas," the guy said, continuing to squeeze and stroke them. "Not shy of parting 'em either."

When hubby hiked my short skirt higher I could sense his excitement. He'd seen other guys approaching the car which I hadn't at that stage. However, the opening of a rear door and a guy sliding into the seat behind me alerted my attention to the arrival of others. There was no standing on ceremony with this one; his hands came over the top of the seat to grab my breasts, simultaneously with the hand on my thighs slipping between them. 

Fingers slipping inside my knickers the guy exclaimed, "Her cunt's already wet boys!"

"Is she your wife?" the guy at hubby's side asked.

John's confirmation sounded a little hoarse.

"I suppose she's up for this is she? There's five of us now."

"What do you think, look at her," J said and several of the guys laughed because I was sitting there with legs spread, while one stranger fingered me and another handled my breasts.

"Might be better if we found somewhere a bit more secluded though," hubby added.

"We know the very place," someone said.

While we climbed from the car and hubby secured it the guys introduced themselves. Jeff was the guy from the rear seat, Roddy the one fingering me, and Charlie the one who had spoken to hubby. The other two were Jamie and Malc. The latter were young guys in their twenties while the other three were all older, probably in their late fifties. 

With hubby carrying the car rug we set off into the wood following a path, broad to begin with but which soon grew narrow enough to require single file. With Charlie behind me, continually groping my bottom, we progressed along the track until it seemed to peter out altogether. However, Jamie at the front pulled an overhanging branch aside to reveal a clearing into which we processed. 

While hubby spread the car rug out on the ground I was surrounded by guys, whose hands seemed to be everywhere at once. I was growing more and more excited by the minute, knowing that all these guys were lusting after me. When my panties were yanked down I eagerly stepped out of them and when Charlie urged, "Spread your legs girl," needed no second bidding.

Then with two guys fingering me at the same time, others removed my top and bra. Hands on my breasts, mouths on my nipples, I was revelling in all the attention. When I felt fingers stroking up and down the crevice between my buttocks I didn't look round to see whose they were but Jamie's cry of, "Oh yes!" as a finger penetrated my anus signalled it was his.

A very excited looking hubby was darting about, seemingly not knowing where to look next!

With two guys fingering my cunt and making sure my clitoris had plenty of attention, Jamie fingering my anus, the other two concentrating on my breasts and nipples I felt overwhelmed with excitement and soon felt the first orgasm approaching. It was to be the first of many that day, with the guys whooping and yelling as they observed my contortions.

By the time I returned back down to earth it was to find my skirt had been removed leaving me stark naked. I also found myself surrounded by five very erect males. 

'All for me' I thought as I surveyed the five hard cocks.

Some had just pushed their trousers and underpants down while others had stripped completely, but all had the same thing in mind. Easing me down onto my knees I found a circle of erections at face level.

"Spoiled for choice, lovely!" So saying I selected Charlie's penis to suck into my mouth first, taking two others in my hands. 

I don't really know how long that stage lasted but it seemed as though I was sucking cocks and licking balls for ages, the guys continuously replacing one another.

Eventually though I found myself being stretched out on the rug. The five guys stood round me; five cocks, all erect and all wanting little old me, I was nearly delirious with desire.

"Whose going first?" Someone said.

"In order of seniority I think," Charlie said, penis in hand and presumably the oldest.

Smiling up at him I spread my legs even wider and the rest of the group fell back a bit to give us more room.

"Not slow in opening her legs, your missus," Jeff said.

"She's had a lot of practice." Hubby's excitement was apparent in his cracked voice. 

"Likes plenty of cock does she?"

"Yes. Can't get enough!" Hubby exclaimed sounding hysterical and even somewhat boastful as he added, "my wife's a slut who'll drop her knickers for anything in trousers. She's had more cock than you've had hot dinners."

I wasn't overly pleased by his hysterical description of me but all thoughts were swept aside as Charlie mounted me. His penis drove into me and I yelled excitedly while the watchers cheered and Jeff said to hubby, "See what you mean; your wife's like a bitch on heat."

Charlie fucked me steadily and I continued to cry out at every thrust of his penis into me, my excitement augmented by the knowledge that four more guys were waiting their turn, all lusting after me.

Charlie was followed by Jeff and the cheers as he fucked me were more subdued by now.

Then it was Roddy's turn and he fucked me in a more controlled and slower fashion than the first two had done, pausing at one point to scoop my legs up and double them back. With ankles pinned down to my shoulders Roddy resumed his thrusts, his penis penetrating deeper now.

Jamie went next and as he drove into me hissed in my ear, "I'm gonna fuck you at least twice. Me and Malc have got more stamina than these old guys."

He fucked me rapidly and didn't last long. As he withdrew I teased Jamie that the older guys had at least lasted a lot longer than he.

"Yea but I'm coming back for seconds you old slapper and might give it to you up the arse next time," he snarled, perhaps stung by my words.

His comment sobered me up for a moment but then I was writhing and yelling lustily under the onslaught of Malc penis driving in and out of me. Possessing the largest penis of the five I was pleased that he lasted longer than Jamie and disappointed when he too came and rolled off panting and gasping.

I continued to lay on the rug regaining my breathe, if not my composure, aware of hubby staring open mouthed between my wide spread legs. I noticed that Jeff had already departed while both Charlie and Roddy had dressed. Glancing at Jamie I was pleased to see that not only had he remained nearly naked but was fully erect. Malc too seemed in no hurry to go and I urged the pair of them to lay either side of me so that I held a penis in each hand.

Charlie, after a brief chat with hubby, left the clearing along with Roddy.

J stood watching me playing with the two sets of genitals. He was minus his shorts and a very limp penis hung between his thighs, indicative of much masturbation while watching me being taken by the five guys.

Leaning over Jamie I began licking the bulbous head of his penis, feeling aroused by the sensual aroma and taste of it. Malc started fingering me, telling hubby, "Your wife's cunt is dripping spunk."

"Haven't forgotten what I said I'd do next, I hope," Jamie said.

"Of course not. Whenever you're ready."

"What's that?" hubby asked.

"I'm gonna fuck your wife up the arse and from her response the slut's gagging for it."

"Oh yes! Do it that way." Hubby cried excitedly. "And you're right to call her a slut. My wife's a whore whose had loads of cocks and will have loads more".

Again I wasn't overly pleased by hubby's description of me but laughed when Jamie said, "And all bigger than your little cock, I bet."

"That's true. My husband has never been able to satisfy me with his tiny organ."

I enjoyed getting my own back for John's scathing remarks about me although he wasn't listening, more intent on selecting clothing to act as a cushion for my knees.

"Go on, get on hands and knees ready for him," he urged, oblivious of my comment about his manhood.

"Yea come on you old slapper. You heard what he said, your bum hole's mine for the taking."

Taking up the required position I waited with baited breath while Jamie dribbled a copious amount of spittle onto my anus. Though I've had anal intercourse with quite a few guys by this time none have been as well endowed as Malc and I hoped he'd also do it that way.

And perhaps he will I thought excitedly when Malc's hands spread my buttocks apart and held them there while his friends penis nudged its way into my anus. Presumably Jamie had lubricated his penis well because it slid inside me with comparative ease.

I heard hubby gasp loudly as Jamie began bum fucking me, his hands gripping my hips tightly. Between my gasps and moans I urged Malc to move round a bit so that I could suck his lovely big cock. He obliged and though it wasn't easy sucking on such a large penis while another drove in and out of my anus, I did the best I could.

"Oh my God!"

The exclamation was hubby's when he realised Jamie was coming, penis buried deep inside my anus.

Next the thing I'd been hoping for happened when Malc moved round to replace his friend at my rear.

"Surely not that way with such a big one!" J exclaimed and Malc actually paused to ask if he was too big.

"Certainly not! Put it in,"I urged.

Hubby was silent then as he was presumably watching Malc inserting his penis into my anus. As it slid deeper Malc called out, "See, my cocks slipping in easily. Jamie's opened up your wife's bum hole nicely."

With his big penis sliding slowly in and out of my anus, Malc's fingers located my clitoris. Jamie rejoined the action, his hands playing with my swinging breasts as he urged his friend to "Fuck the arse off the randy bitch mate."

Only then then did hubby seem to snap out of his dazed state, also urging Malc on and yelling hysterically, "Yes, yes really give it to her," when the speed of his penis thrusts increased.

I was practically hysterical myself by this time, having been brought to uncontrollable orgasm by the fingers on my clitoris and big penis drilling my anus.

Eventually he came, balls squashed up to my flesh and the complete length of his big penis buried inside me. When Malc withdrew I slumped forward onto my tummy whimpering uncontrollably.

"Oh yea, look at your slut wife. She's been well and truly fucked today."

I didn't catch John's reply but soon after the two lads departed in animated conversation.

It was hubby who cleaned me up, using the tissues and wet wipes I always carry in my bag.

Later J told me enthusiastically that we must return to the wood again.

"Perhaps get more guys involved," he said and after a moment I nodded my assent, though still feeling a bit annoyed by his descriptions of me to the guys.