 Hot breath hit my ear over the throb of the pulsing music, piercing through my pot induced fuzziness. I felt long hair sway against my arm and a hand gently pull me closer. "We're so fucking high," whispered her voice, "We just want someone to come away from here and give it to us."

I gulped, swaying in surprise, and took a closer look at the girl propositioning me. She was alluringly sexy and instantly filled me with lust. I could see another girl a few feet away smiling suggestively at me. I brushed back her dark brown hair and put my mouth next to her ear which was studded with a blue stone. "I would love to. Let's go."

She turned, her pleated skirt twirling, and led me through the pulsing crowds of dancers moving together in a blur. She was slender, fresh and sleek. Her girlfriend seemed about the same age with medium length dark hair and tight red lips.

"He said yes?" She asked, and the girl replied with a nod.

"Come with us!" She yelled over the heavy bass, her hand urging me forward.

We left the open air party and walked through the trees in the moonlit night, all breathing heavily and wearing excited smiles.

"What's your name?" The one girl asked.

"Don." I replied.

"I'm Logan and she's Sandra, my best friend."

"I'm so fuckin' horny Logan." Sandra said taking my hand and giving a little skip. "And you are so fucking sexy!" She grinned at me. Logan laughed and put her arm around us both, leading us deeper.

"Should we stop here?" Logan asked pausing. "The ground looks soft." She bent down in her orange overalls and sneakers and ran her hand over the ground. "Mmm, it's all mossy." I noticed she had a slight english accent.

"Where are you both from?" I asked.

"Canada," said Sandra, "and she's from Manchester." She rubbed her hand through Logan's hair and licked her full lips at me. She had an elegant face and an innocent, yet slutty look in her eyes. Her breasts appeared quite small through her loose red top, in comparison with Logan's whose swelled out the sides of her overalls.

I felt Sandra's hand rub me through my pants, feeling the contours of my semi-hard cock. "Oh yeah." She gasped looking into my eyes. I could hear the beat of the Rave far off in the distance, glowing like a bushfire. Ming snuck in beside us and pushed our two bodies together until we began to kiss.

I felt Sandra's hot tongue push into my mouth bringing with it a spurt of saliva while her hand squeezed my bum. "Fuck that looks hot." Said Logan holding my other cheek. "You two french kissing like that is making me wet. Let me come in." She pushed our heads aside and began licking at our interlocked mouths until we opened up and let her squirm in. All three of us explored each others tongues, occasionally sucking on an earlobe or licking a cheek, our lusty moans intensifying.

I explored the soft asses of the girls, squeezing them and holding the cracks between them, enjoying their different shapes. I couldn't believe how I'd ended up with two girls who were so undeniably sexy. I made a mental note to memorize every detail for future masturbation material.

"Logan," Sandra said. "Will you pull the beads out of my ass soon. I need that so badly."

"Soon sweet Sandra. First I want to suck on Don's cock. Look at it. It's fucking hard as rock!" She rubbed the bulge in my pants firmly, giving me another quick lick across the mouth. "Isn't that fucking gorgeous."

"Mmm." Sandra replied taking her turn, then opening the fly on my pants and reaching inside. I felt her cool fingers slide around the shaft before she pulled it out into the cool air. Logan groaned and dropped to her knees taking the swollen head into her wet mouth and gripping the shaft. I opened two buttons of Sandra's shirt and put my hand inside to rub her swollen nipples. She shuddered, sucking in air. I wondered about the 'beads' she was talking about. Why did she have beads in her ass. Logan's tongue licked gently at the eye of my cock before she sucked it into her mouth and bumped it against her tonsils.

"That's so nice." Sandra said kissing me again. "I'm absolutely soaked. Feel me." She lifted her pleated skirt so I could just make out the outline of her panties in the moonlight. I touched her mound then cupped her pussy feeling the squishy wetness inside and the slick patch of cotton.

"You are so wet," I groaned. "I really want to taste you."

"Mmm. Please, I want you to. I want you to stick your tongue in me. Would you put it in my pussy and in my ass?" She asked mischievously. I gulped, nodding, and pulled aside her panties to finger her hairless slit.

Logan slid my cock out of her mouth. "Lie down here Don. The ground is soft like a mattress, and pretty dry."

"Not for long." Sandra laughed. "I think I need to pee."

"Just hold on for a bit." Logan said as I lay down upon my back. I was starting to feel very excited. "Do you like girl pee?" Logan asked me with a pout.

"Hey?" I answered with a smile, resting on my elbows and watching as Sandra lifted off her top and threw it aside. Her breasts were pale and pinched with little brown nipples. "Do I like girl pee?" I understood the question, but wondered what she meant.

She knelt down beside me taking hold of my cock again and warming my neck with her breath. "We both like to pee over each other when we fuck. We like to slurp up each other's pee and drink it down." She said with a nasty look in her eye.

"Whoa. I've never done anything like that before." I said honesty, but my cock felt like a slab of concrete at the thought of watching these two empty their bladders all over me.

"That's okay Don. We understand." Sandra said dropping her skirt and peeling down her panties.

"No, I would love it. The idea of it is delicious. I want you to do it."

Standing naked Sandra giggled. "I know Don, I'm just kidding. I could tell just from the look you gave me on the dance floor."

Logan stood up and unfastened her overalls, her eyes fixed on my cock, as Sandra stood over me and lowered her bald pussy towards my face. I licked my lips in anticipation and then it landed on me, sopping wet and sloppy with juices. The aroma and the flavor of her pussy was like champagne and strawberries. I could feel the recently shaved stubble on her mound but around her lips felt soft and smooth. She was sitting on my face firmly and I wondered if she was going to let me breathe, then she lifted up. "Look, look," she said pointing at Logan as her overalls dropped to the ground and her white shirt lifted over her head. "She is just pure sex."

Her breasts were full and voluptuous, bouncing slightly as she slid her g-string off and tossed it onto my chest, then stood over me, opening herself invitingly. "You like this?" She asked, then turned her back and leaned forward pulling apart her cheeks. I couldn't see much but the erotic poses she formed were enough.

"Sit here." I said gesturing her forwards before Sandra smothered me with wet folds again. I pushed my tongue as far as I could inside her tasting an stronger tang and licking the interior walls. I felt her shift forward, sliding her rose bud over my mouth so I licked and probed at it, feeling a strange piece of string hanging out of her. I wondered if it had anything to do with the beads.

Then I felt Logan's hand holding my cock and the head was brushed against slippery lips. She rubbed it back and forth then slowly slid it right up into her. I groaned into Sandra's ass making her lift up again. "Are you okay under there?" She asked as Logan slid up and down, her pussy squelching around the base of my cock. "Pee on him Sandra." Logan suggested

"Yes." Whispered Sandra adjusting herself above me. I looked into her darkened pussy, waiting for the stream, feeling the Ecstasy rushing through my veins and the hot warmth of Logan's body firmly embedded on my cock. Then it came, hot, steaming girl pee, straight from Sandra's beautiful bald pussy into my mouth. It poured out the sides before I accepted the watery, yet slightly astringent flavor, opening my throat and gulping down her warm pee. It tasted wonderful, a delicious sexual elixir from a lascivious young lady.

It made a hissing sound as it poured from her, covering my face and soaking my shirt. I lifted my mouth up to enclose her, sucking on her as she pissed, licking at her armhole, feeling it clenching on my tongue. Logan was moaning and moving up and down on me more rapidly. "Fuck, that feels So good." Sandra groaned as her pee subsided and finally stopped. I sucked hard hoping for a few extra drops and pulling her labia into my mouth, then stretching it out and releasing it. "Oh, oh fuck!" She groaned. "I want to fuck that cock Logan. Let me on there."

I felt her slide off me, leaving me slimy with her lubricant before Sandra sat down, pushing my cock up inside her then bouncing up and down on it. I couldn't believe it, but somehow the Ecstasy was helping me control my urge to come. Usually I would be fighting off the orgasm, but even in these extremely erotic conditions, it was under my complete control.

Logan stood over me pushing her pelvis forward for Sandra to lick at her pussy so I started touching her bare bottom, squeezing and running a wet finger up and down her crack. I pushed it into her hot pussy and felt the probe of Sandra's tongue, then I moved it higher to circle Logan's little rose bud. I sucked my finger again and then pushed the tip inside, feeling her anal muscles contract.

"Oh Sandra, oh baby, he's put his finger in my ass. Oh fuck that's nice Don. Give me more, go deeper. Stroke my belly from the inside," Logan groaned, gasping and releasing small mews like a cat being pampered. I slowly fed my finger all the way inside her, feeling her silky anal walls squeezing and milking me.

"Logan, piss in my mouth. I need more of you. I want to drink you and taste all of you. Piss on us both, come on Don," Sandra said pausing between licks and pulling me into a sitting position, leaving me buried inside her to the hilt, face to face while Logan stood between us, slightly squatting and gyrating her hips.

"Here it comes. OH..." Logan squealed a little as the first spurt of piss shot out, splashing both of us.

"More, more," I said. "Piss on us Logan, Let it out." I rubbed her thighs to encourage her and she let it go. Sandra and I fought for position beneath her squirting pussy, both trying to drink as much of her as we could and rubbing our tongues together in the process. Pee was in my eyes and up my nose but I kept slurping at it like a bubble fountain, taking a big gulp and letting more course down my face. I grabbed her ass cheeks, pulled them apart and shoved my tongue as far into her rose bud as I could as more pee rained down on us.

"Sandra, where's your red vibrator?" Logan groaned.

"In my bag, just there." She said riding up and down and pointing to the shadows of garments, licking piss off her lips. "Can you take my beads out soon. I want to come while you do it. I want to dribble it onto Don's face while you suck on my rosebud Logan."

"Oh yes." I said licking the pee from Sandra's face. "I want to fuck both your asses." I was becoming a sexual deviant all in one night. Logan held the transparent red vibrator up between us and switched it on. It let out a low hum.

"Maybe I'll put it in your asshole Don." Logan said fondling Sandra's' hard nipples and running her hand down her back. I felt her fingertips graze my balls and rub juices around Sandra's' full pussy. She smeared them all over my balls and I felt her run some down my crack onto my asshole. "You like that Don?"

"Yeah." I said giving into the sensations.

"Come on Sandra, get your ass up so I can pull those fucking beads out. They've been up there for hours." Logan slapped Sandra hard on the bottom.

"Ow! That hurts you bitch." Sandra said making Logan chuckle.

"I love it when you call me a bitch, slut." She said laughing harder and slapping her again. Sandra slid off my cock and turned on top of me into a sixty-nine position, only slightly forward. Logan came beside her and held the vibrator onto her pussy. "Don, would you do the honours." She said pointing at the string in Sandra's ass. I felt Sandra close her lips around my cock and suckle me gently, her finger creeping into my asshole.

I rubbed her bottom and circled her rosebud with my finger, then held the string and slowly pulled it forwards. Sandra immediately started groaning deeply, her body shuddering. I met some resistance, pulled a little harder and watched her rosebud open gradually as a small bead slid out on the string. Sandra squealed a little and drove her finger further into my ass. I felt a strange pressure there I had never felt before. It sent spasms into my cock.

"Oh god, Don, there's so much leaking out of your cock. It tastes sweet and nasty..." She trailed off into a groan as another bead popped out and this time her bud pouted slightly. The buzzing of the vibrator intensified and so did Sandra's moans.

"Pull Don!" Said Logan. "She's going off!" I pulled another bead out of her as her body quaked and juices squirted from her pussy onto my face. It was a thicker, more viscous liquid with a richer tang than her pee. I lapped it up, pulling the last bead out, and sticking my tongue into her bud. She continued to shake as Logan gently pushed my head aside and sucked on her bud as well, enjoying the last moments of Sandra's' orgasm.

"Yes suck my ass you filthy little slut," said Sandra pulling her finger out of mine. "Sit on this cock and you fuck her hard Don." She lifted her leg and shifted off me as I sat up and helped Logan into a doggy position in front of us. I ducked down and licked at her, finding she was still very wet. I licked at her rosebud a little causing her to arch her back and open it up for me.

"Come on Don. I need to be fucked. Stick it in my asshole, or my cunt. Anywhere. Just fuck me. You get under me and suck my clit while he does it." I took hold of her hips and rubbed my cock up and down her slit, then pushed it in. Sandra slid underneath her and Logan dipped her head between Sandra's spread legs. With my thumb I tested her rosebud and found her to be very relaxed. I pushed the other thumb in and pulled apart the muscle. I was surprised how wide it opened up.

"Yes, that's it. Open me wide and fuck my ass. Shove that fucking dildo in me Sandra. Get it on full." Logan said with her cockney accent. I trembled with lust and fed my cock deeply into her ass until it was completely engulfed and then, ignoring Sandra feeding on her clitoris, I started pounding into her with all my strength. Little fart sounds were squeezed out but I just pounded harder slapping her on the cheeks a few times for good measure.

"Come on bitch!" I yelled thrusting for all I was worth.

"Yes, yes, yes!" Logan hissed, grunting and whimpering. "Oh fuck, I'm almost there. Suck harder Sandra!" I slapped her again and again, feeling the sperm threatening to explode from my balls but fighting back the urge. "Oh, oh, oh! Yes, that's it!" Logan gurgled, her body going into fits of shudders and her bud clenching around my cock.

As she settled down I removed my twitching cock from her dark passage with a sucking sound and rubbed it a few times. I felt Sandra's' head under me, curling her tongue around my balls. Logan turned around and knelt beside Sandra, then went down to my cock. She sucked it into her mouth and pumped the shaft. I groaned, leaning back to allow her greater access and running my fingers through her black hair. Sandra slid slowly out and kissed me tenderly, letting me taste all the juices spread over her face, her hot breath warming my neck as Logan sucked me.

"Stick it in my ass." She whispered, kissing down my neck and slowly turning around. Logan sat up and moved beside me, still stroking my cock as Sandra moved into position.

"Let me get her ready." Logan said touching Sandra's' bud and pushing her finger in. "Oh, she's so hot in there. You're going to love it. Oh." I watched her finger sink in up to the knuckle. I bent forward and licked around it, feeling the crinkly rim of her rosebud on the tip of my tongue. Logan withdrew, then pushed another finger in before twisting them inside her. Sandra whimpered and lifted her ass higher.

"Okay, let me in." I said brushing Logan aside and rubbing my cock against Sandra's' pussy.

"I'm going to piss on you two again." Logan announced as I slid my cock into Sandra's' ass. She stood over us, facing me and releasing another stream of piss all over us. I licked at her pee-hole while pounding Sandra's' tender bud.

"Ow, oh, that's hurting. Don, ouch!"

"Don't stop." Logan said as I hesitated. "She loves it. Ahh." She aimed her spray onto my chest, bending her knees slightly. "I'm going to finger your asshole Don. Are you ready for that?" She asked as her pee subsided.

"Yes." I groaned already feeling my orgasm bubbling to the surface. Logan crawled around me and began licking at my asshole with her warm tongue. I paused to let her, then pumped slowly in and out of Sandra. I felt a finger push gently into me, sliding deeply until it brushed the sensitive part inside me. My orgasm seemed to drop down and build to a greater force as she stroked it, and then I exploded.

It was as if the dam walls burst and spurt after mighty spurt of semen spewed out of my cock into Sandra's asshole, squirting out the sides and dribbling down my legs as Logans finger twisted and rubbed deep inside my asshole. "Fuck yeah." Sandra said, pushing hard against me.

The orgasm seemed to go on for at least a minute until the spasms stopped. I stayed deep in Sandra's' anal passage for a few more delicious moments and then carefully slid out. Logan slipped her finger from my ass and came around to lick at the come dripping from Sandra's swollen rosebud.

Together we cleaned her out and then shared the come between the two of us before Sandra came around for a three-way rainbow kiss. We licked and dribbled into each other's mouths for a while and then sat back, all wet and sweaty.

"That was fucking great." Sandra said standing slowly up. "That was the best fuck I've had in my life."

"Yeah. Don, you are wonderful with us. We should all swap numbers and do this shit again." Logan said gathering up her clothes. She held up two pairs of dirty panties. "Would you like to hang onto these until you see us again Don?" She asked with a sly smile.

"Mmm. I want to sniff them while I jerk off to the memory of you both." I replied, again noticing the throb of the dance music. "Hey, let's head back to the party."