 Jennifer lay on her back, her gasps filling my ear as her arms wrapped tightly around my back and her thighs pressed close to my hips. Burying my head into my ex-girlfriend's neck and hair, I continued to thrust hard into her sweaty body while her pussy grew tighter and tighter around my throbbing cock. Without slowing down, I drew Jennifer closer and closer to an orgasm for the third time since we accidentally crossed paths just a couple weeks ago.

With a loud moan, Jennifer came, an orgasm rocking her body as I hardly slowed down my thrusting in and out of her convulsing cunt. Her nails sank into my back while her legs shot up into the air, her body trembling from the waves of pleasure that were crashing through her. As my sexy fuck buddy only began to come down from her climax, I pushed all the harder into her tight twat until I too was on the verge of orgasm.

"Do you want me to cum all over you?" I said amid my ragged breathing.

Jennifer cursed and begged me to do just as I'd said. I immediately pulled out of her pussy, and she released my back and lowered her legs. Before I could even get a hold of my cock, Jennifer took it into her own hand, beating me off herself and pointing my swelling member right at her perfect C-cup boobs. I moaned as I simply held my arms at my sides, kneeling over the naked, sweat-coated girl until I finally erupted all over her tits.

Jennifer didn't make a sound but simply grinned from ear to ear as she watched my man juice shoot out of my cock and splatter all over her boobs. She shifted my cock ever so slightly so that both of her breasts got a fair share of the load. As the final squirts of cum leaked from my cock, I stopped moaning and began to catch my breath as I looked at my cum's streaming down all over both of Jennifer's tits. 

As I lay down beside Jennifer, she began to clean up and asked me, "So when's the threesome?" See, Jennifer had hurt me pretty badly not once but twice during separate stints of dating, and while this third time around still didn't count to me as dating, it was now the second time we'd had sex, and I was having trouble letting go of Jennifer once again. This time, however, I wasn't making it easy for her to get back together with me, and the residual bitterness coupled with my perverted lust caused me to take advantage of Jennifer's desperation to reconcile with me. In her persistence, she had offered me to do anything I wanted to her.

I took her up on that proposition, first by fucking her perfect ass as hard as my heart desired that first time we had intercourse. I suspected Jennifer hoped I'd be placated with that treat, but she quickly learned after that session that it was going to take even more than one stiff cock to the ass for me to take her back into my life. What she didn't know was just how shameless my sexual experience was and how far I was willing to go to satisfy my depraved lust.

Jennifer's schedule over the next couple weeks was open, which was ironic because she was allegedly always busy when we had dated. All I had to do was confirm with my buddy, whom I'd lined up to join Jennifer and me in the bedroom, and the wheels would be in motion for the threesome. In less than a week, we were ready to go.

I'd come to learn just how difficult it was to bring a group together for a devil's threesome. Even if I found a willing girl, recruiting a serious male who was heterosexual like myself was another struggle entirely. This time, I decided to go against my past rule and recruit a friend of mine. The friend in question was Miles, who had been a good buddy of mine for a few years now. While at this point we'd yet to team up on a girl, the evolution of that friendship was an interesting twist in and of itself. He and I were strictly heterosexual and remained so, but we came to both agree that it would be hot to peg the same girl at the same time. Once I had the idea to double up on Jennifer, Miles was the natural choice, so I held him to that fateful conversation we'd had not too long ago. And, hey, if it worked out well with Jennifer, then Miles and I could possibly open the door to all kinds of debauched fun with the ladies.

Despite the obstacles, a devil's threesome was something with which I had gained familiarity over the past couple years since that blissful first time when I joined a good female friend of mine and her husband for some group fun. Since then, I had been rather fixated on group sex and, in particular, double penetration. If Jennifer was really serious about making it up to me, she'd have to prove it by making a sandwich for me.

When I had made the proposition to Jennifer, of course her eyes grew wide and the sort, but she surprisingly didn't give me any resistance. Maybe it didn't nerve her as much since she already knew she could take a mean cock in the butt, but a threesome was something of which she'd never been a part, never mind simultaneous penetration in her ass and pussy. Still, it was made clear to my ex that this proposal was non-negotiable if she wanted to have a chance with me.

Honestly, I doubted that I would really accept Jennifer back into my life anyway, even if she went through with the threesome. While I realized it was a possibility I'd take her back, considering how she'd already hooked me a little bit this time around just from having sex with her, I really had no intentions of continuing any type of relationship with her. She had hurt me so badly that I really just wanted to have as much hot, debased sex with her as I could get and then move on. Immature and petty, I know, but there were a lot of emotions at play within me, lust and bitterness being the most pronounced.

The night of the double-fuck came in early winter, about a month short of the two-year anniversary of my first DP threesome. Some light snow was blowing around as Jennifer buzzed us two guys into her apartment. Like I said, in my experience with group sex, I'd never shared a girl with a guy I considered an actual friend, so this experience was a new one. I figured it would be uncomfortable at first and get better as we got lost in the pleasure, but it actually kind of added to the fun right from the start, especially leading up to the event as we talked about it during the car ride over. What also made it hot to think about the threesome was the fact that both Miles and I had felt significant disdain for Jennifer over the past couple years, so literally fucking her over was going to be really satisfying.

Miles and I got pretty quiet, though, when we came up to the door that Jennifer had told me was hers. I knocked, and almost right away the door opened just a few inches. All we could see at first was Jennifer's big brown eyes and some of her light brown hair, which was falling into her face, while four of her fingers gripped the door. Then emerged her other hand, which beckoned us inside as the girl pulled the door farther open while still obscuring herself behind it.

Once we were inside, Jennifer quickly closed the door, and immediately we saw why she wouldn't allow her body to be seen through the open doorway: the light-skinned, thin, 30 year-old woman was clad in a very slutty outfit that wasn't designed for outside the bedroom. I hadn't even thought to suggest an outfit for her, so it was a very pleasant surprise. She was indeed trying very hard - and doing very well, I had to admit.

The outfit was all black and consisted of a corset that really showed off her tits, a thong that suited her beautiful ass well and high heels that were closed-toe and must have been five inches. Unable to manage a word, Jennifer just held her hands by her waist and smiled as we guys gawked at her while the door slowly shut beside us. I'd always thought Jennifer was attractive, but she was unbelievably hot in this moment. 

For the next couple moments, Jennifer acted as if her outfit was regular home attire as she non-chalantly gave us a tour of her apartment. To no surprise, the tour ended in the bedroom with Jennifer's seductively dragging her finger along the wall as she strutted over to the bed. I couldn't speak for Miles, but by the time Jennifer was climbing on top of her comforter, I was already rock-hard in my pants.

Jennifer lay out, her chest on the mattress, and kicked her heels up into the air behind her as she displayed her body. She said some sexy things as she stretched out for us, her face down and her ass up, but I was too intoxicated with the sight to pay attention to what she was saying. When I pulled out of my trance after a minute and looked over at Miles, I saw that he was already taking his pants off, so I took his lead. Soon, we were both naked and approaching the bed as Jennifer got to her knees and smiled as she removed her corset.

My still ex-girlfriend beamed and shuffled to the end of the bed as she threw the corset disdainfully aside, meeting us two boys, who stood in front of the foot of the bed, not even noticing each other but eyes transfixed on those lovely boobs. Jennifer's long brown hair fell over her shoulders and reached down to her bare breasts as she reached out with both hands, seeking our cocks. There it hit me that Miles was naked right next to me with his manhood out and at attention, making the moment a weird experience at first. However, I got over it as soon as Jennifer took my cock in her left hand, while taking Miles in her right. 

The bed had no footboard, a fact that allowed Jennifer to sit at the end of the bed and pleasure us unobstructed. Miles and I remained relatively silent as Jennifer proceeded to jerk us off simultaneously. I simply took in the breathtaking spectacle of my ex-girlfriend's alternating between sucking and stroking the two of us as she knelt on the bed and wore only a thong and high heels. Her hair jerked with the movement of her head as it bobbed back and forth, first on my cock, then on Miles's and then back to mine. Each time she switched the recipient, she would slurp, take a deep breath and turn her head to the other, often smiling and looking up at whichever one of us she was about to take into her mouth. 

Jennifer sucked us both off for a few minutes, just long enough to get our hard cocks lubricated. Jennifer seemed to tire of this phase and eventually simply held her head between the two male members, pulling them closer together but graciously not allowing them to touch as she briefly licked the tips of both of them between flashing her grin as she stroked us.

"Do you want to fuck my ex?" I said, finally offering the bitch to my friend. Miles responded in the affirmative, and Jennifer wasted no time in letting go of our shafts and scooting down the comforter to assume the doggystyle position as she removed her thong, leaving her clad in only her shoes. As Jennifer situated herself, Miles and I took our places at either side of the bed, I with Jennifer's head facing me as she smiled, and Miles at the other end where the real fun was to be had.

Jennifer's bed was what appeared to be a double, so it was pretty much perfect for what Miles and I intended to do. We were both able to stand right up to our respective edge of the bed while Jennifer, on her hands and knees like an eager slut, was just tall enough for her back end to be presentable to Miles while my cock at the other end was just within the reach of the brunette's mouth.

As Miles put one hand on his dick and the other on Jennifer's ass, Jennifer lifted up her left leg so that her shoe was planted firmly on the mattress while her right knee remained in place. She spread her legs for Miles as he guided his cock toward her pussy, just as I was slipping my cock into the girl's mouth, not allowing her to respond to Miles's entrance at the other end with any more than just a muffled moan.

Miles and I both sank our cocks deep into either end of Jennifer and put our hands on her as we held her in place. I sank my fingers into her hair, pressing my fingertips into her scalp as Miles grabbed her round ass and squeezed while his prick penetrated Jennifer deep in her cunt. Jennifer was moaning on my cock that continued to stuff her mouth even before Miles started to thrust in and out of her, which he did after just a minute's delay.

Almost as soon as Miles was sliding back and forth in one end of Jennifer, I began to fuck the chick's face, holding her head in place as my cock slid forward and back in her oral cavity amid her grunts and moans. Jennifer's left hand shot up to hold onto the base of my dick as she sought any bit of control she could get, but, for once, she was powerless as Miles and I pounded her from either end. As we split-roast the bitch, Miles and I moaned, both of us beginning to sweat while we swung back and forth, in and out of both ends of this hot girl.

Miles slapped Jennifer's sexy ass hard a few times as his cock pummeled that twat, and I pulled on Jennifer's long hair, continuing to thrust in and out of her mouth. Before long, my cock was poking into the bitch's throat as we got rougher with her. I felt no remorse for the brunette who had only begun to pay her penance.

At this point, I was ready for the main course, but Miles suggested I partake in that cunt for a couple minutes first. Jennifer gasped as loud as I'd ever heard a girl gasp amid intercourse as she gathered her breath as soon as Miles and I pulled out of our respective end. She wasn't given any real opportunity to recover, though, as we boys flipped her around and onto her back so that her boobs were in plain sight and her pussy just inches from my cock. Jennifer, her hair scattered in her face and on the bed, managed to lift her head and smile at me, persevering through what was just the beginning of a merciless fucking.

I pulled Jennifer's right leg up, resting her ankle on my left shoulder, and then pulled her by her hips toward my cock. As soon as she was close enough, I stuck my cock into her pussy without hesitation, causing the girl to moan with delight. Meanwhile, Miles's cock hovered by Jennifer's head, waiting for some attention as I started to plow the girl's cunt.

With one hand on her outstretched leg and the other hand on her hip, I thrust powerfully into Jennifer, going hard and deep right from the start. My balls slapped against her taint each time I pushed forward, which also caused her excellent tits to heave up and fall back down each time while the woman laughed and moaned. Then, once Jennifer lay her head back down, Miles turned the girl's head to her left and stuck his cock in her mouth. Without complaint, Jennifer accepted the phallus and actually sucked on it on her own power, sliding her head back and forth on my friend's dick as I continued to steadily pound her pussy.

After a few more minutes of fucking Jennifer at both ends, I asked, "Are you ready for a sandwich?" Miles instantly pulled out, allowing Jennifer to breathe, turn her head back toward me and grin. She didn't say a word, probably feeling nerves as she mentally prepared to be truly double-stuffed, but she knew this cup would not pass from her.

"One in your pussy, one in your ass?" Miles, getting into his role, said to Jennifer. She didn't respond, lying still as Miles and I joined her in the bed. Miles got on his back and pulled Jennifer over to him before helping her hover over him. Jennifer started to take deep breaths as Miles positioned his cock under her asshole, which had been uncharted territory so far tonight. Jennnifer had her legs spread, feet planted in the comforter, her hands planted on either side of Miles's torso as well while her body faced the ceiling. Her brown eyes gleamed with a mixture of excitement and anxiety as Miles lowered the brunette onto his cock until he was fully sheathed in her asshole.

Jennifer cried out, and Miles moaned as that cock buried into the girl's ass, and then he briefly lifted the chick up and down on him. Jennifer began to huff, her breasts heaving up and down as her body rocked. She looked me in the eyes as I immediately began to take my place in this sandwich. In that moment, it seemed the excitement won out over the anxiety within Jennifer as she laughed her cute laugh again, her brown eyes glimmering with a sparkle of lust while she watched me climb in between her spread legs, which she held up in the air. 

Miles now held Jennifer still, and I lowered myself on top of the brunette beauty between her legs, crouching over her to avoid any unnecessary contact with my male friend beneath the girl. Jennifer's legs slipped under my arms and then pressed against my waist as I held my prick and pushed it into the folds of her vagina. My heart was pounding hard in my chest and my breath failed me as I anticipated the debauched shit that was about to be in full force. As the head of my dong poked in, I let go and put both hands on Jennifer's tits instead, while, at the same time, Jennifer threw her arms up, her body now stabilized between us men, and held onto my back as I began to penetrate her.

I pushed another inch of my cock inside Jennifer, who responded by crying out and moaning in my ear and sinking her nails slightly into my back. Her twat was even tighter than the other times I'd fucked her, thanks to the other cock in her ass, which remained still. Finally, I slipped all of my member into Jennifer so that my balls were on her taint, knowing that they were barely separated from the other man's. The babe between us, cursed loudly, her eyes shut and her teeth clenched. Then she clawed at my back, threw her head back and let out a long, low moan as she adjusted to being stuffed fuller than she'd ever been before.

With a faceful of Jennifer's hair, Miles began to pull back in Jennifer's butt and thrust back in, fucking her. I was working on my balance, leaving my left hand on Jennifer's right boob and planting my other hand on the mattress as I leaned over her left shoulder. Miles crooked his neck to his right so that he could both free himself from Jennifer's hair a bit and also not be distracted by me over Jennifer's other shoulder while he held onto Jennifer's hips. Once I was positioned well, I joined Miles in fucking this girl.

Unlike past threesomes in which I'd participated, I wasn't too worried about the girl's comfort, so syncing up with Miles wasn't my concern. We each went at our own pace once we were in full swing, sawing in and out of Jennifer as we plugged both of her holes. The mass of bodies rocked on the bed as I thrust in and out of Jennifer's pussy while feeling Miles's cock doing the same on the other side of Jennifer's membrane, fully filling her. As she took the fucking, Jennifer shrieked and moaned, holding tightly to my back as her legs bounced on either side of my waist. 

My left hand released her boob and slid to her shoulder, allowing me to lower myself a bit more onto the bitch and keep her all the more pinned between us as we had our way with her. Paying no attention to Miles's steady thrusting into Jennifer's shitter, I pounded her pussy hard and fast, filling her up and stretching out her little taint as we both mercilessly ravaged her. After a while, Jennifer's nails came out of my back, but she continued to hold onto my shoulders. She also grew quieter, eliciting only a few low groans as she accepted her fate as the meat in our sandwich.

After a few minutes of double-fucking Jennifer, I slowed to a stop and pulled out, but not for long. I briefly looked down at my ex-girlfriend, her hair a mess and her body glistening with sweat, and felt no sympathy for the breathless, sweaty babe. She did look damn sexy in that condition, especially in the high heels, but I didn't spend long checking her out before I ordered her to turn over and hop into my friend's cock.

I stepped off the bed and watched on for a minute or two as Miles continued to lie on his back, this time not only seeing Jennifer face him as she hovered over him but also having her slip his cock into her pussy, giving her ass a momentary respite. Jennifer leaned forward onto her hands and knees as she sank down to the base of Miles's cock. Miles gripped the comforter, not putting his hands on the girl he was inside but instead ordering the bitch to ride him. Without comment, Jennifer slowly lifted herself up, leaving just the tip of his cock inside her, before slipping back down and beginning to ride his cock, just as she'd been commanded.
