 Sandra's Sexual Salvation

For reasons I will not bore you with, Sandra and I had divorced a few years earlier, despite or maybe because of our sexual adventures. We were still on friendly terms, but over recent months she had confided in me that she no longer enjoyed her present partner sexually and was not fulfilling her sexual needs as she had been when married to me. Furthermore he was very jealous of her and became extremely angry if another man looked at her. She was, to say the least, becoming very sexually frustrated and in need of release. I had branched out and made numerous friends through swinging circles. I still lusted after Sandra, for obvious reasons and never tired of her sexuality. With that in mind I had introduced her to two close friends Barry and Linda, who were into wife sharing and group sex. Sandra, at my insistence, managed to get away for a weekend from her partner and I arranged a 'no holds barred' meeting with Barry and Linda at their house in London.

She was obviously rather nervous, standing there at the front door of their terraced house in London that Friday evening. Sandra smiled nervously at me and said, "Perhaps they are not in?" I knew otherwise, for I had spoken to Barry only a couple of hours earlier, by telephone, confirming our time of arrival. I said to her, "Don't worry darling, you know they both fancy you and remember that this weekend, I am expecting you to get as much sexual enjoyment as you can, from everyone!" She was about to reply, when the door opened and there stood Barry, all six feet three inches of him and built like a tank. I entered first, passing Barry, leaving him to greet Sandra in the hall.

I had already briefed Barry, to start as he meant to go on with her and the greeting kiss soon turned into a really passionate tongue meshing, his big hands already caressing her breasts. Linda was on her way from the lounge to the hall and greeted me with a kiss on the lips, more than friendly but not really passion-filled. She smiled at Barry and Sandra. "We are obviously not going to have any hang-ups with these two, are we?" she said rhetorically.

We went upstairs to the lounge, made so because it happened to be the largest room in the house. It had white leather furniture, and dominated by a large portrait of a reclining nude (woman) above the fireplace. Linda took Sandra's light jacket, touching her very much more than was strictly necessary for such a simple task but Sandra did not mind at all and smiled at this assistance. She followed Linda to the bedroom and though they had only met, once before, they were already chatting like old friends.

"God, she looks fantastic," said Barry "I just cannot wait to give her one, and you can see how keen Linda is to have a go at her. Does Sandra know how Linda wants her?" he asked me. I assured him that this was not news to Sandra because after the earlier meeting at which Sandra was introduced to them, Barry had told her how obvious it was to him, that Linda would make a play for her. Nothing had happened on that earlier occasion, but they had wasted no time in steering the conversation to matters erotic. Sandra, who was sitting beside me, could see as well as I could that Linda, who was facing us, was making a point of ensuring that her micro-mini skirt and wide-open legged posture would not go unnoticed. Her blonde pubic hair was clearly visible through the near-transparent and very tiny briefs, which were all that came between her cunt and Sandra's fascinated gaze. 

After they had left, Sandra had commented how Linda obviously had designs on me, but I corrected her, explaining that I had already had Linda, several times and that it was now her, that Linda was obviously lusting for. I also explained how much Barry wanted her and had plans to really broaden her sexual horizons. Sandra had confessed to me how bizarre some of her fantasies had become due, no doubt to her lack of satisfactory sex and how she wanted to be led quickly into a world where sex was frequent, varied, tinged with forbidden vice and preferably rather kinky.

Since our partial reconciliation, Sandra had confessed to me, that contrary to all that she had professed during our many years of marriage, she had of late, found herself occasionally attracted to other women and had been very aroused when one woman had made advances to her; a year earlier. Nothing had really taken place on that occasion, except to arouse her curiosity and now, she was very much aware of how I would like to see her in a lesbian relationship.

The girls had soon returned to the lounge, still talking animatedly and the drinks were rapidly emptied and re-filled. Barry had booked the restaurant for very early evening and we only had an hour to kill before we departed. "So where is the reply to Linda's letter, that you promised us?" asked Barry of Sandra. She had not had an opportunity to write it until that very morning, at a friend's flat. With her friend's help she had penned a very erotic reply, which she now handed to Linda. I had not read Sandra's reply yet and had to wait for first Linda and then Barry, before I was allowed to see it and during this time, Sandra was blushing furiously and even left the room at one point.

I had seen Linda's letter to Sandra, describing how they had introduced me to the London swinging scene and telling in lascivious detail, of all the things she wished for them all to enjoy this weekend. Linda had described amongst other things, how much Sandra would enjoy Barry's simply gigantic cock and how she, (Linda) intended to lick her hairy pussy. Sandra's reply was not so detailed and not nearly so blatant as Linda's but she did confess that she was excited at the thought of Barry fucking her, especially with her me watching him. She went on to say that she hoped that Linda would not be disappointed when she found that the hairy pussy, which she wanted to lick, was in fact completely shaven. They all had a laugh at this, and pressed her to give them a flash, but Sandra stalled, pointing out that it was time they left for their meal.

Several hard-core, pornographic colour magazines had been intentionally scattered around the house, ready to be viewed at all times, to enhance stimulation for the repeated sex acts which had planned for the weekend. Sandra had found a convincing alibi to escape for two nights, to join me and to discover what it was about this couple, that had made my sex life so exciting, whilst hers had been so frustrating. Sandra started reading one, whilst Barry and Linda were fetching coats. She was more than interested in several large photographs, showing a beautiful girl tonguing another woman, whose slit was completely filled, (from behind) by a huge penis. She showed it to me and I said, "That's exactly what you will be getting tonight love!" Sandra asked me, in part fear and part excitement, "Surely, Barry isn't as big as that, is he?" I reassured her, "I'm pleased to say for your benefit, that he is rather bigger than that." Sandra gulped and I knew full well, that despite our earlier experiences together, she had never even seen, let alone taken, anything that size.

The drive to the restaurant was uneventful and we were soon seated and eating; drinking wine and of course, talking things erotic. Sandra was next to Barry and I had no difficulty whatever in seeing that he had wasted no time in groping her beneath the table. Linda nudged and winked at him, so she was obviously equally aware of it. Sandra's voice became rather strange and she obviously could not concentrate on what Linda was saying to her. I suspected that she was close to orgasm but I hoped not, because I knew just how noisy, Sandra was when she was coming-off. The letters were passed around again and I was very aroused at some of the things, which Linda had suggested for the weekend, including several scenes where all four would be sexually linked simultaneously and a dildo with harness used between the girls.

What Sandra did not know, was that, Linda, Barry and I had laid careful and detailed plans to completely engulf Sandra in sex over the weekend. We intended to take her to where she had never been before and make all of her sexual fantasies come true. Our hope was that total indulgence in her sexuality would relieve some of her frustrations and ensure her willingness to enjoy herself again. She was of course nervous and confided in me her worries. I knew that to make it work, I had to share these confidences with Barry and Linda, in order to enable us to take her to the extremes of her sexuality. One example of our plans was that to make Sandra's introduction to female love easier, she would not be tongued and fondled by Linda, until Barry was fucking her. Only when held on the brink of orgasm would she at last feel another woman's tongue in her. Barry would dismount just before her climax and she would be left with only the skilful Linda to complete her orgasm, one to one. Barry and I would sit back and watch Sandra learning about what an experienced bi-sexual girl can do for another.

We all drank a lot of wine during the meal and then Barry drove us home. Sandra was very much taken by him and she was now all over him, with a sort of girlish crush. Sandra knew that a few years earlier I had introduced Barry to her younger sister and that he had fucked her. Her sister had confided in her how good a lover Barry actually was and this no doubt had heightened Sandra's curiosity for tonight's events. She gushed over the photos of him taken during his athletic period years before and now she sat on the sofa, leaning upon his shoulder whilst he showed her albums full of pornographic pictures of Linda and himself with other people with whom they had sex. I was pleasantly surprised at how naturally she viewed these and of how obviously interested she was in their content.

The girls had already changed upon returning to the house, Sandra in a see-through black jump suit, with no bra and the tiniest briefs. He smoothly shaved pudenda clearly visible through the thin material. Linda wore a Basque corset and fishnet stockings, all in green, which contrasted well with her long mane of blonde hair. Linda was young, in her early twenties and had lived with Barry for only three years, following his divorce. Barry had explained to me how she was a virgin when they had met but that he had already shared her with more than twenty men and she had in return, procured many women for him. Barry was at that time, thirty-eight years of age, a good few years older than and Sandra and I, who were in our early thirties.

Linda motioned to me to follow her downstairs, which I did. In the downstairs master bedroom, she said to me. "I know they are both very keen but I think she is a little nervous with us there. I think that we should fool around down here on our own, to give them encouragement to get started. Trust me, I know how Barry does things." She lay on the bed and I fell next to her; within seconds, our mouths were locked together and my hands were on her large, luscious, firm young breasts. Their lovely small, pink, virginal nipples already erect in sexual anticipation. I worshipped her tits and she started talking really dirty, reminding me of how, a few weeks earlier, I had creamed her at the start of a big party, during which five men had come up her. Linda explained how keen she was to have Sandra and wanted to actually fuck her doggy fashion with a strap-on dildo. I was so turned on by her lewd talk and moved down between her open thighs. Her sex was already wet and open and my tongue quickly found her clitoris. She moaned and ground her hips against my mouth and soon started into a violent and extremely noisy climax, coming right off on my eager tongue. "Get your cock up me now!" She urged me. I quickly slid into her tight little pussy, which never had been stretched by anything larger than Barry's big dick and which afforded him absolute delight.

I fucked her for maybe ten or fifteen minutes but she could or would not come off again so I turned around and went down on her in the sixty-nine position. My tongue quickly found her slit again and I revelled in the taste and perfume of this very sexy young lady. She took my erect penis deep into her mouth and came off again almost immediately with my oral ministrations to her pussy. I withdrew my prick from between her luscious young lips and she said to me. "Just think, of how you will be licking Barry's cream out of my cunt and out of Sandra's and of how you will be going down on her and me and licking your spunk out of both of us." She continued. "The thought of that is so erotic to me. Do tell me how much your lovely Sandra is wanting it from Jack and myself". I explained to her, how Sandra was curious and excited but also nervous about having another woman lick her and handle her. She was even more nervous and unsure as to whether she could reciprocate and have her tongue in another woman's cunt. "Don't worry, when I have had her, she will be licking me out just like your are doing now and she will love it. Does she know that I am going to fuck her?" I said "No, but she did expect to be handled and licked and to have a vibrator used on her by you." She said. "Did you say what sort of vibrator I would probably use on her?" I told her that I hadn't actually mentioned that it might be the ten inch black rubber one.

"Barry will be fucking her now Frank, I know his routine and she will be loving it. He will fuck the life out of her, I know because he has already told me how horny he is for her, knowing that she was your wife and anxious to see if she is a better fuck than her younger sister." She continued "Let's go and join them. We will soon have the three of us at her and then I will give her an even better fucking than Barry! Don't worry Frank, after tonight, I promise you, your Sandra will be more than eager for lesbian love in the future and Barry and I already have plans for her, with a couple of other people we know." 

On three previous occasions I had seen the lovely Linda, with other women, and knew just how erotic she could be. She was a beautiful young woman, only recently introduced to sex and already eager to experiment to the full. Naturally, she was on the pill so that she could take anybody's spunk at any time and fortunately for her, she had a very experienced teacher in Barry. She was equally happy when making love to man or woman, boy or girl, straight or bi-sexual. Any attractive human body was fine for her needs but above all, she was shamelessly exhibitionist and loved to be watched, especially when making lesbian love, or being screwed and sodomised simultaneously, by two men, in front of spectators.

We went upstairs and just as Linda had said, they were naked and Barry was on top of Sandra, on the rug in front of the fire, embedded deep into her cunt and thrusting his huge prick up her as far as it would go. Sandra was gasping and being shaken and thrown around by the sheer power of his size and strength and most of all by his prick which was stretching her like no other cock had ever done before. Barry looked up at us as we entered the room and silently held up four fingers, obviously indicating that she had climaxed four times. Linda and I knelt close to them as the sound and smell of their coupling filled the room. The steady slap of flesh against her upturned thighs and buttocks as he pumped into her mingled with the groans of pleasure from her lips. Barry was raised above her on outstretched arms staring down at her in concentration as he fucked her to another climax. 

I was in a position to see his mighty shaft, glistening with her love juice as he stroked in and out of her stretched hole. Her total lack of pubic hair allowed me to fully appreciate the view of her pussy lips stretched around his manhood. With each outward movement of his penis I could see her lips being pulled out by his shaft as if not wanting to release him from her love-hole. On the inward stroke his heavy tool took all before it until his pubic hair was crushed against her red-hot labia and clitoris, heightening her pleasure. I was almost overcome with the relief I felt, as I watched Sandra being fucked properly, in the way she so badly needed. Knowing that I had arranged this coupling for her gave me a great feeling of satisfaction. He bent down and kissed her cheek and nibbled her ear whilst Linda caressed her rock hard nipples. Sandra came off again, thrusting herself onto his powerful shaft and screamed with delight as her whole body shook with pleasure. Her thigh muscles were straining as she pulled herself onto him, her heels digging into his lower back. 

She calmed down and I whispered into her ear how good it was to watch her being fucked by my friend. "Has he spunked you yet Darling?" I asked her. "I do so want to fuck you whilst you are still filled with his spunk and young Linda here, also wants to lick it out of you after I shoot my load up you and mix it with his." She responded immediately to this verbal stimulation and her body shook again as it was wracked by another massive climax and again his huge cock slammed up her, way passed the normal limit of penetration and obviously pushing her womb around. My dirty talk had triggered off another climax as the outrageousness of what I had suggested took her over the top, just as I knew it would. Barry began to tell her how another friend of his would like to take her and that he was going to ask me if he could borrow her for a night of passion with this other man. I knew already that I would be happy for this to happen, as part of her re-education and guessed that if it did, I would almost certainly have Linda for the night, possibly with one of her girl friends.

Sandra writhed into her seventh orgasm and collapsed exhausted. We watched with delight as Barry withdrew his powerful cock, still stiff and hard, covered with cream and juices but obviously not his own. Linda threw herself upon it and sucked noisily as she cleaned off Sandra's love cream from her husband's huge, erect penis. I served some fresh drinks. I glanced at Sandra's ravaged pussy and was gratified to see that she was still wide open and dark red from the pounding she had received. I could actually see into her body, as she had not yet regained control of her cunt muscles. The wetness that glistened in the light and the thick white cream that coated the rim of her orifice was a testimony to the intensity of the pleasure she had just experienced, as it was all her own cream and none of Barry's spunk. She was so wet that it had trickled down the crack of her bottom, onto the carpet. 

Sandra needed a long time to regain her strength and composure; she had never had such a violent fucking in her life before and for it to happen now, when she was out of practice, was all a bit much for her. We sat around for nearly an hour, drinking and looking at pornographic magazines. Linda was back, seated with Barry, still naked whilst Sandra and I sat opposite. Gradually, Linda moved herself onto Barry's lap and steadily his massive weapon rose to the delicate stimulation of his wife. Somehow they managed to contrive it's arrival between her legs from the rear and soon she was sitting, facing the guests, with most of it inside of her, not working off on it but simply impaled motionless on it. The visual stimulation was not lost on me and I started playing with Sandra's breasts when suddenly, she threw herself down on me and exhibited to her hosts, what a superb cocksucker she was. She brought me time and time again, to the brink of climax and all the time, making sure that Linda and Barry were getting the an eye-full of what she was doing.

Barry started talking to Linda, about Sandra, almost as though she wasn't there but loud enough to ensure that his words were all heard, such things as: "She is a much better fuck than her young sister. Did you enjoy playing with her nipples? Don't wriggle too much Linda; I have got to keep this load of spunk for Sandra this evening. It's Frank who will be creaming you. I cannot wait to see you having her Linda. She is a natural sex queen and just made for group sex. I can't wait to take her with us and Frank to a really big party and see how many of the guys will screw her."
