 Sandy was a bronze-toned Hispanic and short, not even five feet. She had a round body with small but pointy breasts and a big ass she had yet to appreciate, in part because most of her fellow 18 year-old classmates didn't know enough to appreciate it, either. She wasn't good in school with grades or making friends. She was very shy and quiet, which didn't help. She was also oblivious to the idea of using make-up, trying on anything more flattering than her regular baggy clothes, or doing something with her hair, to help fix her social life.

On top of that, she had no one at home to support her, either. Her mom cared plenty, but she had to work two full-time jobs and was never around. Her sister Cindy sped out of the house as soon she graduated high school last year. Though that didn't bother Sandy a whole lot. Cindy was tall, thin, and beautiful. An everyday reminder of what Sandy was not.

With her dad living in town but rarely visiting, that left Sandy alone at home all day. Her mom didn't get back from work until Sandy was asleep, and she was usually gone before Sandy woke up. With no close friends to hang with, it was a lonely existence.

She knew it was pathetic of her, then, to whore herself out for attention, but she did it anyway. Though she didn't consider herself a whore. Not really. It was her first time doing something sexual with somebody, for starters. And she wasn't technically doing it for attention. The guys she was blowing didn't even go to her school. They just happened to live down the block. She didn't want them to be her new friends. She just wanted to experience something that felt good, and she couldn't wait until she finished them off so that it would be her turn to receive.

Sandy didn't know if any of them had ever had a blow-job before, so she wasn't sure how much their compliments really meant. But they insisted she was amazing, and she had no reason to think they'd lie. They'd never been particularly nice to her. They'd made fun of her when they were kids, and mostly ignored her as teenagers. They were all crude, using "fuck" every other word, and talked about sex like they had it anytime they wanted it. She knew most of that was bullshit, and if they got action so easily, they never would've approached her a few weeks ago, flirting rudely, suggesting she do things to them that she eventually agreed to, to their shock. They had never made any effort to make her feel good, so there was no reason to compliment her now if they didn't mean it.

Maybe they'd become her friends after all. Not that she was counting on it.

Funny thing was, they still thought they'd goaded her into doing this. One of the little punks had challenged her. After telling her she should suck his dick, he joked that she probably couldn't make him cum, anyway. Shy as Sandy was, she'd been picked on enough in her life to feel comfortable fighting back once in a while. She told him he could only dream of getting her to blow him, and that if she did he'd cum before she even put him in her mouth. But he'd had a comeback for that, too.

"Yeah, cause I'd be shooting it all over your face!"

And the punks all laughed and laughed.

It wasn't often Sandy played tough, but this time she had stood her ground, in a matter of speaking. She kept on about how they couldn't take her, and they kept bugging her to prove she had the skills. Obviously they wanted to see if she'd really do it, whether she was good or not, pretty or not. But a big part of Sandy wanted to do it, too. It was one thing to have reached senior year in high school and never had a boyfriend, never even kissed a guy. But, hard as she tried and as often as she tried, Sandy hadn't even experienced an orgasm yet.

She used her hands, then tried watching porn, and even tried out toys she secretly bought on the internet. Nothing had worked. She was worried something was wrong with her. But she also knew that sex alone and sex with a person were very different things, and it was no use making a fuss over it if she hadn't even tried the best part.

And so here she was, playing out a scene from one of those XXX videos. Three guys to herself. Surely that would be enough to make her feel as good as all those girls in the movies got to feel.

This afternoon they'd been teasing her again. This time she snapped. She'd had enough of the teasing, but mostly she just wanted to try it. Playing the role of tough girl had helped her get the words out.

"You think you're in my league? All right, fine. I'll show you! You ain't nothin'!"

She headed back to the house. The punks all got quiet. They were white boys, skinny, acting like gangstas but living in big houses in a nice neighborhood. Trash talking was likely as hard core as they ever got, so they were very surprised by the apparent invitation.

"You serious?"

"You coming or gonna go home, sit with your mamma, watch Jeopardy?"

"You mean me, right?" the blond with the spiky hair said.

"I'll take all of ya, if that'll shut your asses up."

Sandy didn't see them looking around nervously, trying to smile through their disbelief, and decide if this was for real or not, but she knew they were doing it. After all that trash talking, when asked to back it up, they weren't very confident.

But they weren't going to pass on this opportunity, either.

By the time Sandy had entered her house, the three were right behind her. She sat down on the steps as one of them shut the door.

"So where we gonna do this?" the guy with the long brown bangs asked.

Sandy would've preferred her bed, but she didn't want the guys in her room. Maybe that would change in a few minutes, but for now she felt better in the entry, by the door. Perhaps because it was more neutral than a bed. She just wanted sex, after all. She didn't want to sleep with them.

"Right here," Sandy said. She still sounded tough, but she was beginning to lose her edge. It was exciting but also scary that this was really happening. As she took her coat off, she thought about removing her shirt, too, but decided against it. Sucking them would be going far enough for the time being.

She was aware of herself as she spread her legs, inviting whoever wanted to be first to come closer. It ended up being the spiky hair kid. He was the one with the biggest mouth, but his eyes showed a lot of fear as he stood before Sandy and unfastened his pants.

Seeing him unzip made the moment all the more real to Sandy. Gone was her tough girl image. She still wanted to do this, but now it was simply about doing it. Not proving anything about anyone. She just wanted to feel good, and hoped this was the first step in doing so.

Sandy's first reaction at seeing her first live penis was surprise. It was much smaller than the ones she'd seen in the videos. But these were just boys, she told herself. As she took it gently in her hand, she noticed that the boys were all silent, just like her. She jerked it a little, wondering how long it would take to get hard. It was so fleshy and rubbery right now. Was it because of her? Or was the kid too nervous?

Before she could decide, it started to grow. And harden.

No more thinking about it. Sandy leaned forward and put it in her mouth, taking as much as she could fit, even as it continued to grow. Her initial reaction at thinking it was small was instantly abandoned. It felt much bigger in her mouth. At first it was surprisingly cold, but it was steadily warming as it hardened. And the harder it got, the better it felt. She let go of it and used only her mouth to suck it.

She heard him sigh long and unevenly. He was fully erect now, she was sure, and she was really working him over. She'd been afraid that she wouldn't know what to do, but so far her technique had come naturally. Sandy had seen and read enough to know to use her tongue a lot, and to be careful with her teeth. While she did concentrate on these things a little, most of what she did just came to her.

The guys were all still quiet, so it was easy for her to hear the spiky haired kid breathing heavy and even moaning some. She could only imagine how good it must have felt to him. He was always so mean and he never shut-up, but this made him putty in her, well, mouth. It made Sandy very wet as she imagined how good she would feel later, when they started to do things to her.

It was that thought which pushed her on. The movies had always shown guys enjoying sex. But the women! They screamed and howled so loud Sandy had to turn the volume of the TV down fast a few times because she was afraid the neighbors would hear. So it became a mission for Sandy, now, to see how great she could make it for these guys. Because however great they could feel, it meant she would soon feel even better!

Sandy sucked and sucked the young man's dick, getting very turned on by the whole event and what was to come. She suddenly wished that she had taken her clothes off. Her nipples were hard and tingling, and she desperately wanted to touch herself. The only thing that kept her from stopping and undressing was that she was afraid if she did touch herself, she might orgasm from it before the guys had a chance to do it to her.

Sandy didn't like it at first when the kid put his hands on her head. But he was gentle, slowly drawing his fingers through her hair, getting a grip on her head, and then gradually taking over her bobbing motions himself. He pulled her to him, then pushed her away, faster and faster, but never out of control. He also started to thrust his hips, until soon it really seemed like he was fucking her face.

Sandy grabbed his hips, just so she would have a better feel for what he was doing and could stop him if she needed to. But the faster he went the more excited she got. She moved her hands to his bare ass, grabbing his cheeks and squeezing them, feeling them clench as he moved like a piston in and out of her. He was really moaning now, and she could feel his body trembling.

And then he just stopped.

"Oh shit," he said, out of breath. "I need to stop or I'm gonna cum."

It would've been a good time to pull an "I told you so", but Sandy was too overwhelmed and over-heated by the experience to say anything. The guys talked over who would go next, but that took no time at all. Spiky haired kid's dick had been out of Sandy's mouth only seconds before the brown bangs kid's replaced it.

For all she knew, it was his first blowjob, but she didn't start out slow like she had the first one. Her speed was still set at where she'd left the last kid, and so she was bobbing on Brown Bangs good and fast, her hands instantly gripping his ass, hoping he'd take over like the other kid had, but not wanting to tell him that.

This kid was bigger than the first one, though, and so maybe it was better that he just let her handle things. His balls were also quite large, and they slapped against her chin with force. That gave her an idea. She stopped sucking him and ducked under to lick and suck on his testicles. While it wasn't getting her off as much as his dick had been, Sandy still felt very sexy doing it, and the kid's extra-loud moaning told her he was particularly thankful. She worked her way back to his cock eventually, but instead of sucking it she kept up the licking, wrapping her tongue around his pole or putting her lips to him and kissing.

He enjoyed this a lot too, and it allowed Sandy to get more, better looks at the penis close-up. She knew it wasn't nearly as big as the ones in the videos, but it seemed big to her.

Then the kid took control in a different way. He grabbed his dick and started rubbing it over her face, back and forth, like a windshield wiper. It smeared her own spit--and something sticky--across her skin. But the cock was hot and hard and it felt good and very, very sexy. She couldn't help but touch her crotch now, through her pants, and discovered her pants were soaking wet. She shuddered upon putting pressure there.

And then she was sucking him again, this time massaging his balls with one hand and massaging her crotch with the other. The only sounds in the room were heavy breathing, and surprisingly, the heavier breather was Sandy!

The added sensation of her touching herself sent Sandy into overdrive, and her lips sucked harder, her tongue moved faster, and her head bobbed stronger than ever before. That was probably why the kid didn't back off before he came like the first one had. 

"Oh my God! Oh God!" he said. 

It was the only warning Sandy got. She wasn't certain it meant he was cumming, though she wasn't surprised when he did. What did surprise her was the cum itself; it was hot, it blasted into her mouth with the force of a garden hose, and there was an awful lot of it. 

Naïve as she was, Sandy knew most women didn't like to swallow. Even the porn starlets just let the cum go on their face, breasts, or ass. But Sandy didn't even consider not swallowing. It just seemed the natural thing to do, and it was already there anyway. There was no time to think to do anything else. If her instinct had been to gag and cough, she would've done that already. So down it went. Every drop. It happened so fast and was so unexpected and exciting that she didn't even register if it tasted good or not, though the aftertaste that lingered in her mouth didn't seem to have a definitive flavor. It simply tasted like sex, and that was thrilling enough. She moaned as she gulped it down, and experienced small bursts of pleasure all over when the kid bucked and shuddered at the very end.

"Dude!" said the spiky haired kid. "Did you cum?"

"Yeah," Brown Bangs gasped.

"And she swallowed it! Holy shit!"

The kid pulled his dick from her mouth, leaving a trickle of cum on Sandy's bottom lip. She wiped it off with the back of her hand. It was then that she noticed that the third kid, the quiet one, already had his pants around his ankles and was rapidly jerking himself while looking at her. Brown Bangs had moved away, and so when the quiet one moved toward her, she expected it. But she didn't expect him to be coming at her so fast, and to keep jerking himself as he did. And then suddenly she knew why.

He had already reached his peak. The first shot of cum was already dripping off of her chin and the tip of her nose before she realized what had happened. And she was still flinching from that when the second spurt hit her right between the eyes. Too surprised to be offended, Sandy opened her mouth wide to catch what she could, closed her eyes, and blindly reached for the spewing cock. She grabbed it and stuffed it into her mouth while it was still spraying, but not before it had rained thick gobs of cum over half her face. She sucked him earnestly, but as the seconds ticked by Sandy became less and less okay with what had just happened. This guy hadn't warned her or asked her if she wanted cum on her face. As hot as she still was, she couldn't help but feel used.

The other guys were laughing, though, to their credit, it wasn't a taunting laughter, but rather a reserved, shocked chuckle. They couldn't believe their friend had just given a girl a facial, and they were a little afraid how she was going to react. The spiky haired one even asked Sandy if it got in her eyes, and he sounded sincere. A first for him.

But Sandy was feeling less and less comfortable with this quiet guy. She sucked him until he stopped cumming, but then pushed him away. She didn't really mind that his cum was on her face. She expected at least one of the guys to ask to do that, and she would've let them. But if they asked, not just did it without saying anything. She wanted to say something to the jerk, but she also was afraid that if she was a bad sport about it, they might not do the things to her that she wanted.

It was right then that marked the first time Sandy really felt like a slut; burying her feelings to please others. But she had a goal, and she'd gone this far. No sense in creating tension now, right?

Besides, the meanest of the bunch, the spiky haired kid, was suddenly very nice to her. Caring even. He touched her shoulder and asked if she was okay. That felt nice. She wondered what else he could do for her that would make her feel nice.

And then he asked to see her tits, and could he cum on them?

Sandy couldn't say no.

It wasn't entirely "couldn't", though. She'd wanted to take her shirt off practically since the beginning. Her nipples were aching for attention, and it only made her hotter when she revealed herself. Her breasts were nothing amazing, but they'd never been drooled over before, when they were concealed by a bra and a baggy sweatshirt. Now, in the flesh, they commanded the attention of the whole room.

Sandy sat back as the spiky haired kid straddled her. It was uncomfortable leaning back on the stairs like she was, but it was exciting seeing the kid's cock above her like that, balls swaying. He started jerking himself at first, but then she took over, even extending a few times to get her mouth around it and sucking. First she sucked only a few seconds. The next time was twice as long. By the third time, she was remembering how exciting it was when Brown Bangs came in her mouth, and maybe she would prefer doing that again. But she hadn't enjoyed the facial as much because she hadn't been prepared for it. Maybe letting Spiky Hair cum on her would feel different, better. And it not, it was just her breasts.

It was as she was considering this when Spiky Hair released. He started to pull out of her mouth, but it was too late. His first shot blasted right onto her tongue. The second hit her lips. But then he was out and Sandy was jerking him off onto her, aiming for her breasts, but at the height he was standing at it was impossible to control. A downpour of cum droplets sprinkled her entire face, her breasts, arms, shoulders, and hair. God, it was messy, but the weird feeling of the hot drops splashing her randomly was also very, very erotic. She found herself trying to catch some with her tongue.

As Spiky hair calmed down, Sandy was feeling pretty good again. Even if these guys were virgins like her, she had managed to please each of them--three guys--on her first attempt. And for the most part she'd loved it. And now it was her turn.

Just then, there was a loud knock on the door. The door that was only feet away from where Sandy laid on the stairs, covered in the sperm of three young men. She was too scared to move, but the guys all jumped. Brown Bangs ran into the next room and peeked out the window.

"Oh, man! It's a cop!" he whispered urgently.

The other guys cursed and fumbled, getting their pants back on and pacing nervously. Sandy just laid still, not knowing what to do. First of all, why was there a cop here? She'd invited the guys in. And why were they so scared? They were all consenting adults.

But the why didn't matter. Sandy was still just standing up, trying to ignore the weird feeling of the quickly-cooling cum running down her body, when the guys took off to the back of the house. They found the back door and bolted. In all the confusion, Sandy couldn't be sure, but she never heard even a simple good-bye.

Infuriated wasn't even the word. Sandy was beside herself with anger, panic, and shame. She had done all this for a reason, but without achieving that goal, all she had really done was blow three guys she didn't even like for nothing in return. She had become a whore. And all because of the asshole on the other side of that door.

Overcome with intense frustration and grief, Sandy forgot all about the cum on her face, in her hair, and cascading down her exposed breasts as she threw open the front door...