 Sandy's and my questions about Vivienne's expectations for the evening are soon dispelled. Dispelled isn't the word for it; all my fantasies are fulfilled and probably those of Sandy. Vivienne expectations can't anticipate what she discovers that she enjoys.

Sandy and I walked on in silence, the tension increasing as we approached Sandy's and Vivienne's building. In the elevator, I again fondled Sandy's bottom. With a soft snort, she gave me questioning smile and nodded with an "um-hmm," and then we were at their floor.

"Here goes," she murmured as she unlocked the door. Vivienne came out of the kitchen to greet us, also smiling a little questioningly as she said a little too casually and a little too formally:

"Hi, there you are. Good to see you again," as she looked at me.

"And you too," I replied, not sure what else to say as I noticed that her nipples were aroused for a moment -even through the pockets of her shirtwaist dress, that didn't look like something she would wear to go to dinner. Then I remembered my manners.

"Thank you for suggesting that we share the makings for dinner. That was a good idea," and I held up the bags with the wine and meat, adding:

"But it's still no substitute for my invitation."

"Maybe another time, thank you. I didn't feel like going out this evening."

Her nipples stood out again as she glanced at Sandy after her remark, together suggesting from what Sandy had told me in the morning that it was clear what she was referring to. Vivienne took the bags from me with a smile as Sandy replied:

"That's good. Do we want something to drink first? I'm going to take a shower."

"We can have martinis again," Vivienne suggested.

"They were good; let's" I agreed.

Vivienne smiled - this time more relaxed - and turned back to the kitchen as Sandy said:

"I'll get ready for my shower while you're making them. I'll be back," and turned to leave us.

"But put something on," Vivienne called to her and turned her head to smile at me again as I followed her into the kitchen.

"Of course," Sandy replied from the distance, and I almost thought that I could hear her snickering.

Vivienne start making the Martinis. I noticed that she had already put out a box of crackers and can of cashews and offered to open them. She told me where to find a dish for them, and then in silence we got things ready. Sandy returned in her bathrobe and said to Vivienene with a grin: 

"See, I can still wear it. Did you really think I would ..., I wouldn't?"

"I wasn't sure," Vivienne replied with a snort and poured the drinks. We took them back to the living room and had a first drink before we all sat down on Sandy's sofa bed behind the coffee table, Sandy sitting in the middle to my right. I had wanted to offer a toast, but couldn't think of anything to say that wouldn't sound too pointed. For a few moments, we sat in silence and had another sip and ate some nibbles. When Sandy reached for them, I could see her breast inside her bathrobe. Vivienne's silent snort and slight smile when she saw me looking suggested that she knew I could, but that didn't matter. When it happened again, Vivienne's nipples stood out, not Sandy's, the one I could plainly see. Still no one spoke as we sipped and nibbled, smiling a little at each other. Finally Sandy emptied her glass and said:

"I'll leave you two alone and take my shower now," and got up and slipped between my knees and the table. After she had left, Vivienne looked at me a little quizzically for a moment and then asked:

"Don't you want to join her?"

"I can wait. ... We can talk."

She smiled with a snort and replied:

"It didn't seem so."

"Um-hmm. ... Well, I think we can."

"Hmm! Maybe. This is a little funny, ... strange."

"How?"

We each took a better sip, almost emptying our glasses. I offered to refill them and did so, and then repeated:

"How? ... 'Strange'?"

Vivienne smiled a little wryly and had a sip, and I did, too, before she replied:

"I don't know. I don't feel like I'm myself, ... sort of like in a dream: seeing myself here."

"We can still go out to dinner."

"I don't want to. ... I want to; you know what I mean? Gosh! I don't think I ever said that before, told anyone that I wanted to, not even indirectly, you know; like suggesting he come up for a drink or coffee. That's what I mean: don't feel like myself. But I don't mind, ... it's just a bit strange."

She smiled at me and we each had another sip, while I wondered what to say, but I didn't have to; Vivienne continued:

"You know the thing I like about you ..."

"I wouldn't dare guess," I interjected. Vivienne almost laughed, but went on:

"... and Sandy; it just all seems so easy and natural, ... even with Sandy. Jeez, I didn't think that would ever happen, but it seemed all right, ... then, and I liked it, but afterwards I couldn't really believe it was me, ... like I said before."

"Um-hmm, yeah, kind of strange, ... maybe discovering what one really likes. ... Oh, we all must, just keep it hidden, ... or maybe buried under a bunch of admonishments: don't do this, don't do that, proper girls don't, nice boys shouldn't ...."

"Yeah, something like that. I heard a lot of those when I was a teenager."

She smiled as though she was pleased with my explanation, and we had a good sip from our glasses, as I considered that her remark confirmed my theory about girls' starting before they were told not to. When we had put down our glasses, I held my hand out to her, and she took it with a smile. I drew it towards me, and she nodded, letting me draw her shoulders closer.

"Come, sit on my lap," I suggested.

"Um-hmm," she agreed and stood up, still holding my hand, and came closer and turned and sat down. I put my other hand on her hip and drew her a little closer. She snorted:

"Hmm! I feel like a little girl; I don't think I've sat on anyone's lap since I was."

"That's a pity, you aren't. The last 'little girl' who sat on mine was my little sister."

"How old was she?"

"Fourteen."

"And she wanted to sit on your lap?"

"Well, she asked if she could, but she wanted to ask me a question."

"And had to sit on your lap to ask it? How old were you?"

"Sixteen. Not really, but then it made sense; she wanted me to show her how adults kiss."

"Did you?"

"With some urging. I didn't really know, myself, back then - just one not so good New Year's Eve kiss. We kiss on the mouth in our family, and after some discussion, ... - yeah, well, I was curious, too - she told me to close my eyes and pretend she was some other girl sitting on my lap, and then she closed hers and puckered up."

"Hm-hmm! So you did?"

"Um-hmm."

"How good?"

"Not very good the first time. She had heard that it was supposed to be more exciting."

"So then you tried again, ... better?"

"Yeah. She caught on too well."

"It was more exciting? With your sister, like that?"

"Um-hmm, ... like that."

"Hmm! I bet. I can remember the first time I heard about French kissing and thought it would be 'icky'."

"Um-hmm, her word was 'yucky.'"

"I bet she didn't after she had learned."

"How'd you guess?"

"Hm-hmm! Want me to show you?"

"I didn't think you'd asked. That's not why I asked you to sit on my lap."

"I'm trying to learn how, ... and this looks like a good time to start practicing."

"I thought we were talking about your not feeling like yourself?"

"We were, but I think I'm getting over that. I'm willing to work at it, if you'll help me."

Vivienne grinned at me and then closed her eyes real tight as she tilted her head.

Her grin relaxed the moment our lips met, and her tongue eagerly demonstrated that she didn't think there was anything "icky" about French kissing, but I knew that already. When my hand found her breast, she immediately helped me unbutton her dress, a bit of a struggle the way the buttons were oriented from the way she was sitting. After the first one, she sat up and used both her hands as she smiled at me with dilated eyes and murmured:

"I'm glad you didn't take a shower with Sandy. I needed this to get here. I was wanting to, but didn't know how it was going to happen."

"Um-hmm, me too," I agreed as I slipped my hand inside her open dress.

"Um-hmm, ... if we're going to, I may as well undo the rest of them. She snorted with a smile as I took the opportunity to straighten him out and replied:

"We are. I want you to scrub my back."

"Um-hmm, but now I want you to kiss me some more ... See, I'm learning."

She put her arms around my neck, and we did, and she murmured encouragement as my hand found her other breast and then slid down to her panties, sliding around her hip and down, finding the hem again.

"Um-hmm, the same ones," she murmured.

"I bet they look sexier than I first thought you were - than what you would wear. I want to see you in them and then take them off."

"Hm-hmm!" she chuckled with a nod as we started kissing again. When I happened to open my eyes, I saw Sandy standing naked by the bathroom door. She grinned and nodded.

"Sandy's finished, ..." I murmured: "Want me to carry you again?"

"Um-hmm. Hm-hmm! I bet she doesn't have anything on."

"You're right."

I got my arm under Vivienne's legs and with a lunge forward stood up and carried her to the bedroom and set her on her feet. She immediately started unbuttoning my shirt as I slipped out of my loafers, glad that I had thought to wear them instead of the dress shoes I usually wore with a suit. I took off my tie and undid my trousers, letting Vivienne slip my shirt off my shoulders. When it had slid down my arms, I took off my t-shirt, and then stepped out of my trousers, catching my socks as I did so. Vivienne smiled at me, her eyes dropping down to my shorts as she slid her dress from her shoulders. She hadn't undone the buttons at the bottom of the skirt and had to step out of it. She looked a little embarrassed as she watched me look at her, but smiled. She did look sexy in the panties, turning to toss her dress on the bed where my clothes lay, and giving me a nice profile view of her, before she turned back to me and said softly:

"You wanted to take them off."

"And you, mine."

"Um-hmm," she agreed and we stepped closer and found the elastic of each other's underpants and did, just letting them drop around our ankles.

"Hmmm, she purred as I stroked her ass and then held her closer. He had relaxed in the meantime, but she could feel him, her hands holding us closer for a moment, then she whispered:

"I've got to go."

"Me too. I'll go in the shower."

Vivienne snickered as we went to the bathroom. Sandy had discreetly disappeared, probably to the kitchen to have her second drink. Vivienne sat down on the toilet, chuckling as I stepped into the tub and turned away from her, but when I heard her start, I did, knowing she could see my stream, and heard her chuckle again before she said:

"I never did this before ... with a man, ... or saw one do it." Then she flushed and put on her shower cap and joined me in the tub, snickering as we faced each other, and I saw her eyes drop - to him, and then to yellow liquid around the drain, snickering again.

"Here we are," she murmured and drew the curtain closed.

We washed each other, she murmuring again that she had never done it as she washed him, and chuckling when I washed her pussy, and then was a little surprised when I washed her asshole, murmuring a soft "oh!" when my fingers first found it, but then snorted and smiled, seeming to enjoy it, and then asked:

"Should I, too?"

"If you want to. When it's clean, it's clean."

She did, chuckling as her fingers got a little bolder, rubbing it just a little longer than necessary.

"Feels good," I murmured.

"Um-hmm, I didn't know that. ... What are we going to do?"

I turned off the water, and she opened the curtain as I replied:

"I think I know what Sandy wants to do first."

"That? ... Taste it?"

"Um-hmm."

"And me?"

By then we were drying ourselves.

"You said you wanted to watch, but I won't miss a lick while you are."

"Hm-hm-hmm! Did she tell you about that?"

"Um-hmm! The best joke of the day."

Vivienne laughed, maybe a little nervously, but agreed:

"Yeah, that was good. You'd better ... not miss one. But then you've got to do it to Sandy, ... really."

"I will, and to you, too, ... if you ask me to."

"I will," and she grinned at me, and then looked more serious and added:

"Just listen to me - gosh! - the way I'm talking," but then she grinned again and said:

"I guess I am learning; I never talked like this before, but I said it, ... and I want to, ... want you to - not to miss a lick. Where's Sandy?"

We hung up our towels as she appeared at the door and said:

"Here, wanting to, too, and like he said," and she grinned at me and then at Vivienne and added:

"Or like you said: 'Like that, tasting it.'" Vivienne snorted:

"Hmm! If you don't mind my watching - I'm curious."

We all chuckled and went in the bedroom. Sandy had picked up our clothes and opened the bed, which had obviously been freshly made. If Vivienne had had any question about what would happen, she had prepared for this. I put my arms around their shoulders and drew them together in front of me. Both of them agreed with soft "um-hmms" and looked up at me expectantly as they put their arms around my waist.

"I better kiss you, too. I'm going to kiss Viv somewhere else," I murmured and starting kissing Sandy, who immediately sucked my tongue in her mouth and suggested what she would do to my cock, circling it and sucking, and then finding the tip of mine with hers, both of us chuckling slightly at the idea that she was thinking about his little hole. I felt her bring her hand up between us all, rubbing my chest and then turning her hand to find Vivienne's breast, who showed her appreciation with another "um-hmm," and then I felt her hand on my back hold Sandy's arm and her other one find Sandy's breast, whose tongue was now in my mouth, showing me how she would like him to move in her - when I did it to her "really", as Vivienne had said. And he was beginning to want to, rising between them, brushing against both of them. They pressed their hips in at feeling him, and I rocked mine to move him on them.

"I think he wants me to," Sandy murmured.

"Um-hmm," Vivienne and I agreed, and I released them and sat down on the bed. They both snorted at seeing him standing out as Sandy dropped to her knees in front of me, smiling up at me and then turning and smiling at Vivienne, whose mouth was open, looking a little surprised as I took her hand, still looking at Sandy, who had reached out and found my balls, as though she couldn't take her eyes off what Sandy was doing, while I drew her closer.

And Sandy wasn't waiting, leaning forward and immediately taking him in her mouth before I could lie back.

Vivienne's eyes hardly left the sight of Sandy's slow movement on him as I urged her to kneel over me, guiding her legs and then holding her hips to draw her pussy down on my mouth. She seemed almost surprised when I started to lick, as though she were so engrossed with what Sandy was doing that she had forgotten what I was going to do. But then she gave an appreciative moan and pressed it down on me, chuckling once and then saying:

"Don't miss one."

I didn't intend to, my tongue delighting at rediscovering the taste and sensitive places of her delicate pussy, while Sandy renewed her acquaintance with him and his sensitive places. Once, she pulled him back, turning her head up, and I knew she wanted to see what I was doing, and Vivienne did too, snorting sharply when I raised her hips up and let just the tip of my tongue caress her. Sandy chuckled and then tilted her head back down as I let Vivienne lower her pussy on my mouth. 

I found her breasts, squeezing them with my hands and then played with her nipples, pulling at them. She leaned forward a bit, and I thought that maybe she didn't want that so much and was more gentle with them, but then she leaned down further - turning her clitoris to my mouth - so my tongue concentrated on it. But then I felt her hands press on the mattress next to my hips as she leaned on them and murmured:

"Let me try. I want to."

Sandy nodded and raised her head. For a moment, he was free, but then Vivienne leaned further down, her hips rising from my face, and then I felt her lips on him, not kissing, just opening and sliding down around him, taking his head in her warm mouth. After a moment, her tongue began to explore. I loved it, the first time a girl dared to do it!

And then she began to experiment with taking him deeper.

"Uhmm! That's good," I encouraged her, and she sucked gently as her head moved, almost making me forget that I had wanted to see her pussy. Oh yes, a lovely pussy, really a pretty pussy - and a neat little asshole, too.

"Pretty pussy," I murmured and spread my fingers and held her breasts to make sure she knew whose I was talking about, suddenly recalling my thought that the one I was eating always seemed the prettiest one at that moment. Vivienne snorted, but kept moving her head - she was learning that, too. Sandy started rubbing and pulling on my sack, making me think that she was impatient, maybe afraid that Vivienne would get what she wanted, wanting to be sure that I didn't come before Vivienne let her have him back. Oh, this was my fantasy, and one of them was going to get it as good as it had been that night! It should be Sandy. I started gently to urge Vivienne to sit up again, but she didn't want to - yet. 

"I'm missing my licks," I murmured and heard Sandy chuckle as she gave my sack an extra tug. Vivienne snorted and then drew her head up a bit and licked around him and over his little hole, and I assumed that had tasted his silky liquid and wanted to lick up as much as she could. Then she let him slip from her mouth and murmured:

"Mmmm, I liked that. Thank you, Sandy."

As she sat up, Sandy quickly had him back in her mouth, and Vivienne's pussy was back on mine, and then we were all doing everything we could to enjoy it. Vivienne's pelvis rocked, to show me where she wanted me to lick, and I did, eagerly trying to satisfy her. Sandy didn't need any encouragement, sucking him firmly between her tongue and palate as she moved on him, letting me feel her hum in delight when she made him move, but still trying to keep my balls from drawing up. But then my hips began to rock slowly. Vivienne moaned slightly each time she saw him thrust up, and then her pelvis started to rock in time with him, making me nod my head to keep in contact her clitoris as my nose rubbed on her hole, Vivienne gasping slightly with each movement, gasping out loud and faster as our tempo increased. And then Sandy grasped my cock, squeezing him tightly, and I convulsed, thrusting him up as hard as I could, forcing him as deep in Sandy's mouth as her hand would let him. Vivienne gave a louder gasp at seeing me obviously begin to come in Sandy's mouth, and her thighs and pelvis twitched uncontrollably as she began to come, spurting, and again, as I filled Sandy's mouth with my long spurts.

Finally we stilled. Vivienne dropped over on her side on the bed, moaning with deep breaths. I managed to open my eyes again as I caught my own breath and saw Sandy still holding him, but then she raised her head and rose up on her knees, looking down at me with what could only be described as a satisfied cocksucker's smile. After a moment, I saw her swallow, her smile lessening for a moment, but then the corners of her mouth drawing up again. She chuckled softly, and we both glanced over at Vivienne. She needed to be held, I thought, and Sandy did, too, standing up and moving around the bed to lie down behind her, drawing them close together with her arm around her and her hand holding her breast. Vivienne just nodded with an "um-hmm" and put her hand on the back of Sandy's, pressing her knees down a little against Sandy's to increase their contact.
