 We went to the tidal pool to remove the substantial coating of sperm that our play had left us both with. Neither of us bothered to put on any clothing of any type. Looking back I can only confess that it felt natural for us to be naked together. Just before we left our cave of iniquity Linda had removed her nipple rings so they looked natural. I liked the natural look much better, but I wasn't any longer horny. I knew that was a temporary condition.

At the big tide pool we washed off and played like a couple of innocent children at the beach for the first time. Once we were clean we decided to move down to the beach and play in the surf. The waves were still breaking big on the tropical sand, and it was so inviting we couldn't refuse.

Neither of us gave any thought to clothing. It just didn't seem to come with the territory we were exploring. I enjoyed her for the wonderful sense of humor she had, the ready laughter, the quick smile with her emerald eyes flashing. I loved watching her stretch to keep from getting knocked down by the waves as she jumped against them back first. She was unbelievably magnificent in every way. I decided right there that I was going to spend the rest of my life with this woman. Amazingly, the thought had nothing to do with sex at all. 

We must have played in the surf for half an hour or better before deciding it was time to eat the sandwiches we had brought over from the boat in the cooler. We sloshed out of the ocean and headed back to the coolness of the lava cave we had so recently played sex in. Neither of us had any outward manifestation of lust at the moment.

We entered the cave and sat cross-legged side by side while we plundered the cooler. I popped the tops of a couple of Millers and handed her one. They were really cold and the taste was fulfilling as well as thirst quenching. We ate snacks, sandwiches, and a couple of cans of sausages before we started feeling tired. We discussed having a couple of more beers, but decided to wait until later. The one thing we both agreed on was going back to the pool where the little octopus had been hiding and trying to find him.

"Are you going to put on cloths before we go?" I asked so I would have help making the decision.

"I won't if you won't." She replied.

I reached over and touched the top of her breast with the tip of my finger to determine if a white spot would remain when I removed my finger. It didn't so I didn't feel that she had gotten too much sun.

She did the same to me on my hip, which would have ordinarily been shielded from the sun by my bathing suit. 

"I don't think we've had too much sun. Do you?" Sandy asked.

"I don't. You don't leave any sun marks where I poked you. What are you going to do if someone comes by and sees us naked?" I wanted to know.

"I'm going to be proud of my man and be just as natural as I feel now." She said in a matter of fact manner. 

We played naked on the beach for another half an hour then I returned to the cave to put on my trunks. I could see that the white part was starting to turn pink. Sandy decided to stay naked and enjoy every minute.

She was magnificent. Her high firm breasts were perfectly proportioned to the rest of her body. When she folded her arms under them, they were large enough to extend just past the width of her arms. Her stomach was flat and firm. When she stretched the muscle became obvious, but she didn't look like a female weight lifter at all. Man, did she have a smooth, round muscled butt The shape alone was enough to give a man a serious erection. I watched that butt with great admiration. Her legs were straight and strong with the calves just wider than her knees, giving her the look of well defined strength with smoothness. When she stood with her feet together there was a gap between her thighs just made to slip your hand in. Even with her hair wet and salty it was thick and had a tendency to weave back and forth over her shoulders as she moved.

Sandy's best feature was here face. She had a wide smiling mouth and straight strong teeth that were naturally even. She had beautiful emerald green eyes with the depth of the sea. She lived through her eyes. There was no chance she could hide her emotions if I could look into her eyes. She was high cheek boned with the shape face that leads to thoughts of beauty.

Her skin was perfect. There wasn't a scar or mark anywhere on that fabulous hide. It was tanned to a golden brown and was as smooth as shamus skin. Her nipples were delicate light brown areolas with nipples like pencil erasers. When she was excited they became larger and very hard as the areolas tightened.

Sandy did have one very unusual feature. Her cliterous was very large. In fact I had never known that a woman could have a cliterous that large. It was a total of at least three inches long with two inches inside the hood and one inch extending outside the hood like a small penis. In times gone by her former husband had tortured her and had a ring put through the shaft of her clit just behind the head. That ring prevented the clit from fully retracting into the hood even when she was totally relaxed. When it was really hard, the hood could pull back leaving almost two inches of shaft exposed. It was the most exciting thing I had ever seen, and it was extremely sensitive.

Late in the afternoon we decided to take a short nap and return to the boat by dingy and get something to eat at a campfire on the beach. In the cave I snuggled up to that beautiful butt of hers with the intention of taking a nap.

"Take off your shorts so I can feel you against my skin."

I took them off and snuggled back against her. She raised her right leg and reached back between them to find my dick with her hand. She gently took the end in her hand and pulled it between her legs so it was lying with the shaft against her slit. That got it interest again and it grew rapidly. She lifted her leg again and picked it up so the skin wasn't binding against her thigh. Once it was where she wanted it she closed her legs again. I could feel her hand wrapped around the end as far as it would go. My dick went through her thighs and extended enough in front of her for her to grab a hand full without grabbing the head. It felt great.

With my skin pinned between her legs I pumped my hips a couple of times and never felt so relaxed. I started loosing my erection and slowly drifted off to sleep.

When I awoke it was obvious that Sandy had already gotten up and left the cave. When she did she put a towel over me to keep me warm. That's when I noticed that it had gotten chilly in the cave.

Outside I could see the rubber boat tied up along side the sailboat and Sandy sitting items on the rail to load into the boat. She had put on a t-shirt and shorts. I put my t-shirt on and headed down the beach carrying the few remaining items from the cave. When I got to where we had built the fire the night before it was an easy matter to rebuild it. 

The fire was just starting to go good when Sandy reached the shore. I went to help her bring the replenished cooler to the fire and the basket she had the dinner in. We chatted and kidded around about everything but sex. I had been left horny by the rubbing episode just before I went to sleep.

We ate and then Sandy pulled out a bag of marshmallows I didn't know we had. I cut a couple of long sticks and sharpened the ends to go through the marshmallows. We sat there roasting them in the fire and talked about what we wanted to do the next day.

I pulled the crispy shell off a roasted marshmallow and the hot runny inside dropped on the inside of my leg just below my groin. Sandy immediately leaned over and licked the gooey mess off my leg. She didn't make a big deal out of it and immediately sat back up. I roasted another and started to pull the shell off.

I looked at her breast with open desire. She reached for the bottom of her t-shirt and pulled it over her head leaving those beautiful orbs with their little brown nipples open.

"Is that what you want to see?" She said with a very amused tone in her voice.

I pulled the crispy shell off the marshmallow and popped it in her mouth. She made an "Umm good" sound as I touched the runny middle part to her right nipple. It was still warm even though it had cooled since it was taken out of the fire.

I put the stick down and rolled over the top of her like I was going to lick her nipple. Instead I kissed her on the lips. She kissed back with a lot of very active tongue. I kissed her neck and the side of her throat on my way to the sticky sweet nipple. She was excited as she arched he back to lift her breast to me. Instead I raised up and hooked my fingers in the elastic of her waist band and pulled her shorts off very slowly, enjoying the sensation of the nylon slipping over her smooth muscular thighs and down her long shapely legs. She wasn't wearing any panties which made for a beautiful, sexy sight. I leaned forward and kissed her on the abdomen just above her pubic mound. I touched her skin with the tip of my tongue, very lightly.

As I sat back up to change position I saw in the firelight that her clit was very distended and extended well past her labia. She was moving in slow sensual undulations as I slid back up her body, just barely touching her. I touched her left nipple with the tip of my tongue, just hard enough for her to know she had been touched. The nipple hardened like a pencil eraser immediately. She reached up with her left hand to squeeze the breast as I kissed it, but I moved to the right breast.

Sandy expected me to lick off the sticky gooey marshmallow, but I didn't instead I wiped it off with my finger and placed it just below that hard clit inside her folds.

"Ahhhhhhhh" she said as the touching solicited an involuntary moan from her. She immediately arched her back and raised her hips to create more contact with that sticky finger, but to no avail. It had already been moved to her lips.

She tentatively touched the end of my finger with her tongue and immediately engulfed the finger in her mouth, sucking the sweet marshmallow off the finger along with her own juices. While she sucked my finger I licked the sweetness from her nipple.

I began sliding down her body again, kissing every inch of her skin as I went. She started to spread her legs to make herself available, but I grabbed her firmly around the thighs and held her so that her knees were pinned together. I used my body weight to keep her from pulling her legs up as I continued to kiss and nibble at the top of her mound. That marvelous clit was extending out from between her legs just at the juncture. The clit ring was clearly visible as she tried to get herself up to my tongue.

I lay across her legs to keep them flat and put my legs on the outside of hers to keep them together I held her tightly to restrict her motion to a minimum. I put my hands under her butt to help control her position and then touched the clit ring with my tongue. I thought she was going to explode. She was bucking with all the force she had. I held her tight and enclosed her clit with my mouth. I didn't make any attempt to lick her at all. I just gently held her clit in my mouth while she tried to fuck my face with it.

"Ahh, ahh, ahh, you bastard. Suck me. I'll fuck your face. Ahh, ahh, ahh. Ohoooooooooooooooooo!" She said as she began to shake uncontrollably. I began to actively suck her clit. She stopped pumping that fine ass and started jerking herself around in spasm as she had a very intense orgasm. I continued on and on and she kept bucking and begging for me to fuck her.

I guessed it must have been at least two minutes before she started to come down from the peak. As she did I backed off and started kissing her around her still closed lips. She began to relax as I slid back up alongside her, my cock so hard it hurt. I was wearing the shorts she had altered for me so at least it wasn't confined. As I got in position she started kissing me all over my face and hugging me. She reached down between us and pulled my dick up between us. It was much more comfortable after that.

"Well" I said at long last. "I seem to have misplaced my marshmallow."

"Maybe you better go find it."

I moved back down between her legs, but didn't restrain her this time. She pulled her legs up and grabbed her slim ankles, one in each hand then straightened her knees. She sure looked good. I put my tongue on her anus and licked her all the way to her clit in one motion. She bent her knees and moaned in ecstasy. She was really very wet. and with the orgasms she just had I suspected her clit was a little tender. I concentrated on trying to force my tongue into her virgina. I couldn't put it very far in and the muscles were too strong to force past. She was a very tight woman with a very small virgina. It was a good thing that it stretched as much as it did or I could never get my cock in her. I was thrilled that she had stretched in length to the point that she could take my entire length.

I licked from her opening to just under her clit where I had put the marshmallow. It was sweet, and mixed with her juices it was going to make me give up on playing with her and fuck her as hard as I could. I needed to be in her. My pre cum was running freely from the end of my extremely hard cock. Sandy was quickly building to another orgasm and I could feel her starting to loose control.

"I'm going to cum again." She said. "Fuck me with that tongue. Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me. Suck my clit. Ohooooooooooooo! Ohoooooooooo! Ahhhhhhhhhhhh!"

She bucked and grabbed the back of my head and forced my face against her pussy. I could feel her spasm and the flow of vaginal fluids increased with each spasm as though she were ejaculating. The taste was magnificent. She was sweet and oh so smooth.

Sandy pulled my head away from her ultra sensitive clit. I looked up to see pure lust in her eyes. She was still pumping her hips smoothly and in a manner that suggested she needed to be penetrated. I moved up the front of her and rolled over on my back taking her with me.

"I wanted to eat you, but I think I need that monster in me more than I need to breath." She said as she slid down me pulling my shorts as she went. She slid back up, lightly sucking my balls as she did so. She licked from my balls to the head of my cock as she slid back on top of me. She got her knees under her and reached down and pulled my cock up straight. She didn't waste any time putting the head in her pussy. As soon as she felt it stretching her out she started coming down on it hard. The skin wasn't lubricated enough to let the full length slide into her, but she got a little more each time she lifted up and dropped back down.

On every stroke she took I could feel the head of my cock spreading and filling another few inches of her canal. She was so pleasingly tight I could feel her all the way down the length of my shaft. She kept at it until I could feel the cheeks of her ass all the way down on my thighs. She had it all, and she was sitting straight up on it with a very pleased look on her face.

Sandy reached behind her and put her hand under her so she was resting on my balls. She raised up just a little so she could feel where the very thick shaft entered her. She had a big smile on her face as she said, "I have it all."

Sandy put her hands on my shoulders and started a nice slow rhythm, sliding up and down about six inches of the ten inches of cock she had in her. My contribution was to lay there and let her fuck me. I started pushing my hips up as she lowered hers. I could feel it every time the head of my cock hit the back of her. She was looking me straight in the eyes as she slid up and down. She raised higher, but the angle prevented her from pumping the full length.. 

We both heard the voices at the same time. "Eric, there's a fire up ahead. Ed and Sandy must be cooking on the beach."

Sandy looked me in the eye. "They're going to catch us. I'll get close to you and at least they won't be able to see anything but our backs."

With that she immediately leaned to the left and brought her right leg out straight. She did the same with the left. I sat up straight and she hooked her heels behind my back. She didn't have any leverage to slide up and down my cock, but I was really hard and it was really deep in her. The thing was that her clit was really hard and it was firmly pressed into my stomach at the top of my cock.

"Well, what do we have here? It appears that the period of celibacy has ended." Proclaimed Sue in a very patronizing tone of voice.

"I do believe it's a two headed two backed animal. I hear they make all sorts of interesting things happen." Eric replied.

They were both walking around us trying to get a good look at us doing "it". Eric was obviously growing a serious bulge in the front of his shorts as he looked.

Sandy was very slowly arching her back so as to rub her clit against my pubic hair. She had her head on my shoulder with her mouth close to my ear. "I'm going to cum. I can't help it. I got to now."

I heard her make a soft mewing noise as her pussy started clamping itself around my cock in spasms of orgasm. Her legs quivered as they grasped me and she involuntarily rubbed her clit against me with considerable force. She was gasping for breath with her face hidden in my neck trying to stifle her moans and cries of pleasure.

"Well," said Sue, "If I didn't know better I would say the blond headed animal is getting off. Look at that ass jerk as she shoots."

Eric had put down his pack as he watched and was in the process of taking off his shirt. Sue turned to him and started unbuttoning his shorts. She pulled his pants down around his ankles and left him covered only by his underwear.

Eric had a good build, which we knew. We hadn't ever seen him naked and aroused and I had to admit some surprise as Sue pulled his briefs down exposing his cock. He wasn't any where near as long or thick as I was, but his hard cock curled up so that the head was pressing against his own belly, which accentuated his large, low hanging balls.. It looked a lot like a handle on a tea pot. When Sandy looked around and saw it she gasped. 

Sue got her cloths off very fast. True to form all she was wearing was a t-shirt and shorts without any underwear. He big nipples were hard as rocks and sticking straight out. She had a truly fabulous set of breast. She immediately went to her knees facing Marc. She grabbed his cock and pulled it away from his belly and into her mouth. That got a groan from Sandy and she started flexing her abdominal muscles to rub her clit against me and get some motion out of the cock she had herself impaled on.

Sue didn't suck Marc very long before she had him sit down beside us facing the same direction. She pushed him down on his back and immediately through her leg across him. She reached down and grabbed that hooked cock and put the head against her pussy. She went all the way down on it in one motion. She didn't stop there. She started bouncing up and down on it as fast as she could go. As she built toward a climax she leaned further and further back so the head of his cock was rubbing her in the g-spot.

Sue was fucking hard. Pumping her ass back and forth while she lifted herself with her legs to get a two way motion. "Fuck me! Fuck me hard! I'm going to cum. Fuck me. Ohgodohgodohgodohgod!" Sue screamed as she lost complete control and bowed her back over in orgasm, causing Marc's dick to get maximum pressure on her g-spot.

After her orgasm started to subside Sue leaned forward and put her breast on Eric's chest and kissed him lovingly on the lips. He hadn't cum yet and was slowly lifting his hips against her. She continued to help him pump her while she looked over at us.
