 We closed the front door on the cold autumn night and threw our jackets over the newel post at the foot of the stairs. Sandra looked at me with twinkling, mischievous eyes, then led me by the hand up to her room on the first floor, "I want some attention."

Sandra's way of saying, "Fuck me."

The house was in darkness. Two of her housemates had gone away for the entire weekend. The other, Helen from across the landing, would be staying at her boyfriend's. Probably getting shagged senseless. 

Many a night when her boyfriend was staying over had we been woken up in the small hours by cries of "Faster, faster. Uhhh, uhhh... give it to me. Fuck me. I'm cumming." She had a mouth like a porn star in bed. Sandra would usually groan and cover her head with a pillow. But I'd be lying awake listening, getting harder and harder, wondering if I could get away with a crafty wank that would coincide with Helen's orgasm, tasting myself on my fingers afterwards and wishing it was her.

Helen had Italian ancestors, giving her the smooth olive skin and lustrous black hair. The sort of woman that usually turned my head. Annalise Greco but not as sultry, Cassie Laine but not as pale-skinned, Veronica Ricci but not quite as gorgeous...

The trouble was she had the fiery Italian temper too. And while not exactly fat, she was somewhat on the... voluptuous side. I much preferred Sandra's petite slimness and even temper.

"I love you," I said, looking Sandra in the eye as I carefully tugged her blouse out of her jeans and rested my hands on the smooth skin of her hips.

"I love you too. What have we here?" she grinned as she stroked my cock through my chinos. I wondered fleetingly what I could get away with tonight. After all, we had the house to ourselves. She could scream the place down if she was drunk and horny enough to take it up the ass. I almost came in my pants just at the thought of it.

"That's your fault," I said as she pressed the palm of her hand against my erection.

"We better do something about it then."

"What do you have in mind?"

"I'll think of something."

She kissed my earlobe, nibbling with her teeth in the way that drove me mad.

"I'm wet," she breathed.

There are a few things that a woman can say that are guaranteed to completely drive out any other thought that happens to be in a man's head. "I'm wet" is probably somewhere near the top of that list.

"Let's find out how wet."

I continued to kiss her. Little pecks on her lips, nibbling them with my teeth as I popped open the front of her jeans and started to slide the zipper down. She gasped as my knuckles brushed her navel, then lower over the front of her panties and her completely hairless mound. I'd been lucky enough to kiss, nuzzle, lick and suck Sandra's delicious little vulva on many occasions and my cock twitched as I anticipated doing so again...

"Turn around," I whispered, "face the wall."

"Why?"

I thought she was going to protest, but as she posed the question she was already turning, "Don't you think we should get in the bed? Or at least close the door?"

Helen wouldn't be back until the early hours, if at all. Even so, leaving our bedroom door wide open added an element of danger, " If anyone comes home they're welcome to watch."

I ran my hands down her smooth flanks, over her hips and tugged her jeans slowly down her thighs. She wriggled her hips, as if impatiently wanting me to hurry undressing her. I lifted each leg in turn, pulling her jeans down and over her spotty purple socked feet. 

She certainly wasn't a girl to spend a fortune on expensive lacy lingerie to impress a lover. But with a delicious petite body like hers, she didn't need to. I knelt, my face now level with her ass and kissed the dimples at the base of her spine, my stubble tickling her soft skin. She shivered.

"Are you cold?" I asked. She was by now only wearing a bra and thin cotton blouse.

"Carry on with what you're doing. I'll tell you if I'm cold."

Sandra leaned forward, hands and forehead against the wall and pushed her ass towards me, thighs very slightly parted, "What are you planning to do now? Spank me?"

I could smell her arousal. I breathed in deeply in anticipation and eased her panties down. I couldn't help but notice the gusset was sopping. She hadn't been lying when she'd informed me she was wet. She was horny alright. I inhaled her scent - musky and vinegary at the same time. My hands shook, thinking of what I might be able to do to this girl tonight, "I'm going to go down on you and lick your lady bits til you scream."

"My lady bits? Shouldn't I be facing the other way?"

I noticed she'd begun gently massaging one of her breasts, squeezing the nipple through the cotton of her bra. It was always a turn on to see her pleasuring herself, even in small ways.

"Not the way I'm going down on you," I carefully spread her buttocks and dipped my tongue into her folds, my nose touching her puckered little rosebud as I did so.

She gasped and pushed back against my face as I licked her hungrily, coating my mouth in her juices. My cock strained almost painfully as I lapped away at Sandra's hot sex. Up one side between her inner and outer lips, grazing her clitoris, then back down the other side, dipping momentarily into the opening of her silky smooth vagina. I pretended to ignore the fact that with every movement, my nose stroked up and down against her anus. She was so wet by now she was practically dripping.

"You have lovely lady bits."

"You have lovely man bits."

"Would you like my man bits inside your lady bits?"

"Yes. But for now, put your fingers inside me," she murmured. I ignored that and carried on with what I was doing. Hopefully she'd enjoy this even more. She went very still, waiting, her breathing quick and shallow, pushing herself back against my face. Then slowly, very slowly my tongue slid back away from her dripping vulva towards her other hole, teasing the smooth slippery skin of her perineum. Her breath caught for a second or two as she tried to figure out what I was doing. Would she tell me to stop? I imagined her pulling away and saying, "Not up there. I'm not into that."

Then...

"Mmmm," as my tongue tickled the rubbery ridges of her asshole. Sandra sighed as I gently probed her asshole with just the tip of my wet tongue. She was obviously aware of how much pleasure could be had having your anus played with. I just wondered how far she'd let me go and was I the first to lick her 'dirty hole'. Did she finger herself there? Maybe tease herself with a lubed up dildo? Not wanting to do anything she wasn't sure about, I popped the question.

"Would you like my tongue in there?" I whispered.

She paused for a few seconds,"Yes."

I waited.

"Lick me there." It came out more as a moan of pleasure than a word.

I teased her hole again, exploring the ridges of her sphincter, breathing in the earthy scent of her. I could feel her anus contracting rhythmically against my mouth, "Would you let me put a finger in there?"

She hesitated for maybe a second, "Yes."

I collected some of her vaginal juices on a fingertip and slowly circled her asshole. Around and around. My finger circling closer and closer. If I was going to fuck her up the ass tonight I'd have to take things nice and slow. I pressed gently against her hole, but avoided actually penetrating her, then continued circling.

"Please. Stop teasing."

"What do you want me to do?"

"Put your fingers inside me. Be gentle."

I started slowly pushing a finger into her. Her tight, virgin sphincter opening up around it.

"Just my finger? Anything else? Would you let me fu... "

Movement out of the corner of my eye made me spin towards the door so quickly I almost overbalanced. Standing in the doorway watching us was Helen from across the landing. Sandra must have been alerted by my sudden movement and looked towards the door herself, "Oh fuck."

Sandra tugged her blouse as low as it would stretch, trying to cover her nude lower half and backed away towards the bed, "H - Helen. We didn't realise you were in. Weren't you going around your boyfriend's?"

Fuck, I thought. All my plans shot to hell because Sandra's housemate had decided to come home early. I could feel my hardon shrinking, leaving a trail of cold precum in my trunks. Sandra lifted her side of the duvet and hopped into bed to cover her nudity. I had a fleeting glimpse of one of her boobs that she had obviously been playing with.

It must have been about then that we both took in Helen's appearance properly. She was leaning against the doorframe, the light spilling out from her own bedroom behind her. She was dressed in black holdup stockings and an expensive looking lacy black knicker and corset set. Her tits were pushed up and together and were straining against the corset. Her long, black curls spilled down over her creamy smooth shoulders. 

Her makeup was smudged, mascara running down her cheeks in wide black rivulets. She'd been crying and was obviously a little tipsy. Maybe more than a little. 

And her right hand was slowly circling her smooth belly just above the waistband of her skimpy expensive knickers, as if she'd been just about to start fingering herself while watching us, "I'm sorry. I heard noises. I just wanted to have a word with Sandra."

"What's up Hel?" asked Sandra from the bed.

Helen's face crumpled and she burst into tears. Sandra held her arms out and Helen quickly crossed the few steps to the bed, She sat on the bed and hugged Sandra, "Paul dumped me."

I felt like a spare part by this time. I watched Helen, racked by sobs having her back patted by Sandra while she related the events of the evening. She had spent a small fortune on lingerie and gone around to her boyfriend's flat, hoping for a night of sweaty, depraved sex. Unfortunately because they were both supposed to be saving every penny for a deposit on a house of their own, Paul didn't really appreciate the amount Helen had spent on underwear. The argument over one small thing got more and more heated. And finally Paul had thrown her out. Helen had come straight home, downed most of a bottle of wine and fallen asleep. 

She'd woken up when she heard our voices and come looking for a shoulder to cry on.

"Shall I go?" I whispered, "I can come around tomorrow?"

Sandra looked up and shook her head, mouthing "Sorry." She was quite possibly the most caring person I had ever met. An agony aunt who would listen to everyone's problems and offer advice. She could no more turn Helen away than she could stop herself breathing. It was one of the reasons I loved her. But it could be as real pain in the ass sometimes too.

Helen flopped onto the middle of the bed, her arms still around Sandra, and sobbed.

"Shall I sleep downstairs on the sofa?" I asked.

"No," Sandra mouthed. She looked down at Helen, "You have a good cry then we'll get you back in your own bed OK?"

Helen nodded and drew her knees up, hugging Sandra tighter and murmuring things about all men being bastards. Admittedly she did have a fantastic looking ass from where I was standing. But she was spoiling the mood just a tiny bit and stopping me from getting it on with my own girlfriend.

I stripped down to my trunks, avoiding eye contact with Sandra, clicked off the bedroom light and climbed into bed on my own side, trying to give Helen as much space as possible even though she was still on top of the duvet.

"Are you cold?" I heard Sandra ask. The bed moved slightly as if Helen was nodding. With a little maneuvering, Sandra pulled the duvet down and Helen climbed into bed between us, still sobbing.

Fuck, I thought. Now she's probably going to fall asleep and the whole night'll be wasted. I turned my back on them and tugged the duvet up to my neck, trying to tune out Helens sobs and not to think about the way her ass looked in her Victoria's Secret lingerie.

I slept. I've no idea how, but I slept. I had a weird dream about fucking Sandra up the ass while Helen stood in the doorway watching. She gave me marks out of ten when I'd finished.

Nine.

Nine? That was bloody perfect. 

I must've turned over in my sleep and as I slowly, slowly awoke the very first thing I became aware of was that I had a raging hardon. I was desperate for a piss. The second thing I became aware of was the fact my hardon was nestled cosily in the furrow between Helen's buttocks. She murmured something and pushed herself back against me, moving herself up and down slightly. All thoughts of needing a piss evaporated. 

She wanted it. But there was no way I could fuck Helen when Sandra was just feet away in the same bed. That's when I became aware of something else. Very quiet, but nevertheless the sound of kissing. Helen sighed and I could feel the heat of her through my trunks as she pushed back against me once more.

"Suck my breasts," came a whispered voice in the dark. Sandra?

The bed created as Helen wriggled down the bed a little, and there came more rustling from Sandra's side like clothing being removed then thrown on the bedroom floor. 

Surely not...

"I have to warn you I have very sensitive nipples."

Sandra's voice...

"They're beautiful."

Helen.

"So are you."

I listened, heart pounding in my ears. Sure enough, a few moments later came the wet sounds of lips on skin. I tentatively reached an arm across Helen, my arm brushing her satin wrapped flank and my hand eventually finding Sandra's naked hip. She was naked and Helen was sucking my girlfriend's tits right next to me.

"Have you done this before?" gasped Sandra.

"You could say that," replied Helen, in between slurps. "I like girls too."

"Please Helen, do it to me. Make me cum."

I wasn't sure Sandra even knew I was awake until her hand took hold of mine and guided it upwards until my fingertips encountered something soft and lace covered. She pressed my fingers against it then withdrew. I cupped Helen's breast as she continued pleasuring Sandra's. I don't know what was the bigger turn on - Sandra lezzing it with Helen right next to me or Sandra openly encouraging me to join in.

"Play with her tits."

I eased my fingers into the cup of Helen's corset and rolled her nipple between my fingers. It was rock hard. She rocked her hips back against me, but was incapable of expressing herself further as her mouth was still full of Sandra's breast. We stayed like that for a few minutes, me stroking Helen's heavy D cup and beautifully firm nipple and breathing into her black curls as she murmured and moaned while moving her ass slowly up and down against my cock. Sandra was panting, her hands around Helen's head, encouraging her to continue what she was doing.

"Helen. Keep doing that."

"Are you one of those lucky girls who can cum just from having their nipples sucked?"

"Yes."

"Bitch."

My hardon was by now slippery with my own juices and starting to get painful, as the head of my cock had popped out of the waistband of my trunks. Every movement from Helen chafed the elastic against my bell end. Not wanting to neglect Helen's breast for long, I quickly reached down and tugged my trunks off, freeing my cock. It sprang forward, its engorged tip sporting a slick, ruddy glans half hidden under the tightness of foreskin. I slowly ran my fingers along the bloated shaft.

Helen showed her appreciation by pressing herself against me, leaving a slime trail as I oozed all over her satin knickers. I couldn't believe this was really happening. A threesome with my lovely girlfriend and her equally lovely housemate. I wondered if she would let me shoot against her knicker clad vulva or if she would actually let me fuck her? 

Would Sandra let me fuck her?

Had Sandra always had lesbian tendencies or was this a spur of the moment thing? Helen didn't seem to mind either way.

"Steve's got his cock out."

"Do you mind?"

"No. As long as he doesn't mind me taking advantage of his girlfriend."

I shuddered as a warm hand closed around my cock. From the angle I guessed it was Helen, not Sandra. After stroking my foreskin back and forth a couple of times, I was placed more comfortably up against Helen's satin clad vulva. Helen pressed me gently in place as if telling me that was where I was meant to be and her hand withdrew. Only a thin scrap of expensive lingerie separated me from Helen's vagina. Her rocking back and forth became slower as she rubbed herself against me.

"Mmm. That's nice. I'm really wet."

Would Sandra let me go further? Helen certainly wanted it but would my girlfriend actually let me fuck another woman right in front of her?

The bed creaked as Sandra wriggled down the bed so that she was face to face with Helen. I felt her arms brush my chest as they snaked around Helen's back, drawing her closer. From the wet sounds, they were full on snogging.

"Are you horny?" murmured Sandra.

Did she mean me? 

"Mmm. What do you fuckin' think?" mumbled Helen.

"Do you want Steve?"

"Yes."

"Do you want him inside you?"

Please say yes. Please say yes.

"Yes. Want him to fuck me," Helen's words slurred a little from thee wine she'd put away earlier. 

"Let's see what we can do then."

I felt Sandra's hands slide over Helen's thighs, slipping her sopping wet knickers down her long, smooth legs. Helen lifted her hips to make it easier. The thought occurred to me that my girlfriend had just taken another woman's knickers off.

A hand, Sandra's I think, slid my cock back against Helen's vulva. Her hot, wet, stickiness made my cock tingle. It was all I could do to stop myself penetrating her right away. I felt like I was about to cum just thinking about it. 

"Are you OK?"

It took me a second to realise Sandra was talking to me, as I couldn't see her face at all.

"Steve? Are you OK with this?"

I nodded. Then realising she couldn't see me either in the dark, "Yes," I croaked.

"I know you love me, but I think Helen needs to feel that she's loved too. I won't mind if you fu... If you make love to her."

"OK."

"Helen, are you alright with that?"

"Please just get inside me."

After sliding against her for a few more seconds, I positioned myself at Helen's entrance. I was about to ease myself into her when a hand grabbed my wrist. Helen's?

"Not there."

I was puzzled. Had she changed her mind?

Helen's hand pushed my cock back an inch, so that I was now pressed against her hot, pulsing asshole.

"Want you in my bum."

This was getting better and better. I could feel her hot sphincter against me, pulsing, clenching, ready to suck me in.

Helen let go of my cock and judging from the way her fingers and nails kept brushing against me, started fingering her clitoris.

"Let me help with that," whispered Sandra. I felt another hand join Helen's. Sandra was fingering her, "Is this OK?"

"Clit. Please."

She gasped as Sandra obviously did as she was asked. I loved it when women gave instructions in bed.

Helen wriggled her hips against me impatiently. Although my cock was already lubricated with my own juices and Helen's, I spat on my hand and quickly smeared my tip. I had no idea if Helen had ever taken it up the ass before. I had no idea how tight she'd be. I pressed a finger into her anus, feeling it pulse around my fingertip and feeling Sandra's hand brush mine as she slid a couple of fingers into her friend's other hole.

"Are you ready?" I whispered into Helen's hair.

"Yes," breathed Helen, "Get inside me."

She was in position now, I probed slightly between the swollen damp lips of her cunt, making her whimper. My fingers heavy with moisture, I drew them out and slid them backwards, anointing her perineum, her arsehole. Helen twitched as I touched her and let the tip of my cock brush against her pussy, lodge itself at her entrance, slide a little way up into her. 
