 This story is part of an ongoing series. The chronological order of my stories is now listed in WifeWatchman's biography.

Feedback and constructive criticism is very much appreciated, and I encourage feedback for ideas.

This story contains graphic scenes, language and actions that might be extremely offensive to some people. These scenes, words and actions are used only for the literary purposes of this story. The author does not condone murder, racial language, violence, rape or violence against women, and any depictions of any of these in this story should not be construed as acceptance of the above.

Part 9 - Family Loss

"This is Bettina Wurtzburg, KXTC Channel Two News." the lovely redheaded reporterette said somberly at 7:00am, Friday, June 9th, from in front of the Federal Building. "We are bringing you continuing coverage of the assassination of the Deputy Director of the FBI!"

Bettina started: "FBI Deputy Director William Hargreaves was shot and killed yesterday afternoon or evening in what was supposed to be a safehouse in the Lake Amengi-Nunagen area. Several other FBI Agents were killed with him, including Special Agent in Charge Jack Muscone, Special Agent Martin Nash, and Special Agent in Charge Les Craig."

"Special Agents Lindy Linares and Sandra Speer were gravely wounded, and are in critical condition at Beaver Ruin Regional Hospital in the town of Beaver Ruin." continued Bettina. "Channel Two News has learned that they may be life-flighted to University Hospital later today, if they can be stabilized enough to make the trip. We have several reports for you now. Roll tape."

FBI Special Agent in Charge Dana Fox appeared before cameras in front of the Beaver Ruin Sheriff's Department Headquarters, in footage taken the night before. He said: "This is a terrible, tragic day for the FBI. We will not rest until we find those who killed Deputy Director Hargreaves and our fellow FBI Agents, and bring them to Justice."

Bettina came back on, live: "Sources tell Channel Two News that there had been threats against the Deputy Director, and he was being hidden in that safehouse." Film footage showed the hillside the previous evening, from a distance. Tons of blue, white, and red lightbars were illuminating the area. "It is not clear how the defensive cordon was penetrated..."

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

The group eating breakfast in the back room of the Valley Villages resort clapped and cheered as they watched Bettina's broadcast.

"That's one of the bastards out of the way." said Wallace Bedford.

"Wait..." said Lawrence Kendrick. "She said Les Craig was killed, as well?"

"Yes." said Conrad King. "I've gotten word through my sources that Craig shot the Deputy Director and the women, but Special Agent Nash was able to draw his weapon and fire at Craig. A gun battle ensued, leaving Craig and Nash both dead. It's unfortunate, but Craig gave his life for our struggle. Let's never forget that, nor him."

Everyone raised their glasses of orange juice and toasted the memory and sacrifice of Les Craig.

"Okay, put out the word." said Wallace Bedford. "The code is 'Chariot Advance'; it signals that the next phase of our operation can be executed. It will spell the end of the Iron Crowbar."

"That will be a glorious moment." said Henry Boxman, malice in his voice...

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

It was a pain-filled MCD room. Joanne was trying not to cry, and was failing, and Theo was trying to comfort her. Tears were also streaking Teresa Croyle's face. Teddy Parker and Jerome Davis were sitting at their desks, in shock. The Vice Squad Detectives were also somber as they watched Bettina's report. 

Even Myron Milton, no fan nor friend of the FBI, looked sad and somber, and his wife Mary was openly crying in his arms.

"Oh my God, all of them." Joanne was saying. "They were... good people."

"Martin was one of us before he went over to the FBI." Teresa said, remembering. "And it feels like we've lost one of our own... several of our own..."

Chief Moynahan came in. "Yes, I agree with you, Captain Croyle. Put out the word: black tape on all TCPD badges. We've lost... family. I'm going to take Chaplain Calvin to see Lt. Perlman." He left the room.

"Oh God, poor Tanya." said Teresa.

Jermaine Davis was looking around. "Where's Captain Ross?" The effect on Teresa was like a lightning strike.

"Oh, noooooo..." Teresa wailed.

"What?" asked a chorus, realizing something bad was about to be said.

"She... she was going to go up there yesterday." said Teresa, her voice beginning to break. "She... I've got to go find Briscoe, and see if he can find out if... she was there..." Teresa ran out the door, as much to get away and hide her emotions as to do anything else. Joanne's head was bowed in prayer.

"They didn't mention her name." said Jermaine Davis. "Maybe she wasn't there."

"She wasn't." said a voice in the doorway. Everyone looked up.

Teresa was being redirected into the MCD room... by Cindy Ross.

The relief in the room was palpable, but most obvious on Teresa's face. She was all but clinging to Cindy as they came into the room arm-in-arm...

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"This poor girl has been through living hell." said Chief Moynahan as he drove Chaplain Calvin to Tanya's home. "Mr. Muscone was like a rock to her, helping her to raise young Pete. And now he's taken from her, too."

"May the Lord bring comfort to her in her hour of need." said Chaplain Calvin. 

That's not really helping, thought Chief Moynahan to himself.

They arrived at the house and knocked. The door was opened by... Your Iron Crowbar.

"Come on in." I said. "I got here before you."

"Hi, Chief, Chaplain." said Tanya Perlman brightly, sitting in her wheelchair in the living room, holding little Pete. "What brings you here to see us?"

"Uh, is she aware?" asked Chief Moynahan to me.

"Oh yes." I said. For a moment, the two men were stunned. Then the Chief began catching on.

"O-kay, Mr. Crowbarrrr." he said. "Why don't you explain what is really going on, herrrrrre."

"Why don't I let this guy explain it." I said, waving my hand towards the hallway entrance. As I did, someone walked into the room.

"Oh, you will be burned at the stake for this one, Mr. Crowbarrr." said Chief Moynahan.

"Yes, he's really outdone himself, this time." said FBI Special Agent In Charge Jack Muscone.

Part 10 - Your Iron Crowbar At Work

(The previous day...)

I walked up to the two Deputies in their car at the gate of the safehouse. "Was that him?" asked one of the Deputies.

"Yes, it was." I said. "Now if you'll just come with me and hide in my wife's car before Special Agent Craig gets back with the intent to kill you two, we'll take care of some business."

Laura had driven me up to the location. Her Mercedes had all the legally-required 'Theft' light and other devices that allows the Government to track any car made in more recent years. The Black Beauty is grandfathered in by age, and has no such devices. However, Laura's got 'people'; she had them put in some extra software that allows her to disable those devices, so that she can travel undetected if she needs to. And yes, she and I tested things out thoroughly to make sure she could become a 'Ghost Rider'.

The Deputies, and their Sheriff who I'd met during the Jeanine Burke murder, had been forewarned by me earlier that it would likely be an inside job in the attempt to kill the Deputy Director. I also mentioned that cell phone signals in the area would be jammed, and when that happened, we got ready.

When Les Craig and Sandra arrived, I had the Deputies hide... Laura drove them down the road. After Craig came down, saw the empty Deputy car and went back up, I pressed the button in the car to open the gate. Laura let out the Deputies, picked me up, and we rode up after seeing Craig go inside.

We had to hope we would be fast enough, and that Craig would not resist a bit of drama and would not shoot the others immediately. Cindy had her armor on, and an extra layer (yes, a 'girdle', folks, she's a smart Canadian cookie!), but it was still going to be close.

And then Providence struck on my behalf. 

Les Craig's back was to the door, and he was holding the others at gunpoint. As I opened the door, gun drawn, I was aware that I'd be firing right at the others. Craig heard the door open and whirled his gun around to meet the threat...

*BLAM!* *BLAM!* *BLAM!* *BLAM!*

The shots struck Craig under his armpit and on his shoulder, and one got him right in the neck. His gun fired, but missed me and the bullet struck the door jamb. I looked over to my right; standing in the kitchen doorway, smoke still curling up from the barrel of her gun, was Sandra Speer. She had fired the shots. 

Lucky. Lucky Iron Crowbar.

Les Craig was still alive. As Sandra came up to him, tears were flowing down her face. "I trusted you!' she gasped. "How could you? I trusted you!"

"You bitch!" gasped Craig, looking up at her. Lindy came over and took Sandra into her arms as Craig looked over at the Deputy Director.

"God damn you." he gasped. "White... powerrrr..." 

And with that last testament to what he truly held most dear, Les Craig expired.

"Don... how?" gasped the Deputy Director. But I was already in motion, waving Laura to come inside. She took control of the crying Sandra Speer, beginning to use her expertise in psychology to comfort the badly shaken woman.

"Well, you made it in time." said Cindy, using her pawky vein of very understated humor.

"Yes." I said. "But it was a near thing. Too near."

"Sandra," I heard Laura ask, "how did you know to hide in the kitchen?"

"I..." Sandra said, through sobs, "I realized... he knew the route perfectly... didn't slow down, didn't look for the driveway. Then when he said he dropped his notebook, I realized he hadn't dropped it..."

"Laura, why don't you talk to Sandra in the kitchen." the Deputy Director 'suggested'. His eyes were firmly upon me, and I was returning his stare, not flinching nor backing down. Lindy went with Laura and Sandra.

"All right, Don." said the Deputy Director. "You were right. All along. So what just happened?"

"You were just assassinated, sir." I said. "In a gun battle, you and your team here were all killed, but someone, perhaps Mr. Nash here, was able to return fire and kill Les Craig."

"Ah, a ruse." said Jack Muscone.

I smiled. "It's going to get better, too. God! how I hate the Press, so I am going to really enjoy letting them feed a false narrative to the world that is of my making, as opposed to their own." That made Jack Muscone laugh. Everyone else was still in semi-shock.

"Why?" asked Martin Nash.

"This is actually a fantastic opportunity to strike at our enemies, at Superior Bloodlines." I said. "If we let them believe they've killed you, sir, they'll stop trying to kill you... and they'll also continue with their plans. And when the time is right, your Team here will rise from the dead and make some very effective arrests."

I turned to Cindy. "Okay, Kato, get the Black Beauty the hell out of here. Go east to Waguli, then south towards the City, then back to Molly's place in Nextdoor County. Avoid the Federal facility and their cameras. I'll see you in the morning."

"Wilco, sir." Cindy said. She scooted out, and a moment later I heard the powerful engine of the Black Beauty starting up.

After that, it was simple enough. Special Agent in Charge Dana Fox arrived, and we briefed him on the situation. The ruse began: tons of police and other vehicles arrived. Two ambulances left swiftly with Sandra and Lindy, then three more with the 'bodies', one of them really dead.

In the following hours of chaos, it was not hard to slip Jack and Martin into Laura's car and get them out of there. Lindy and Sandra were rolled into surgery... and in the operating room they made a miraculous recovery. Two 'male' doctors came out of surgery, and were not noticed being taken away by Dana Fox's Special Agents.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"So all I can tell you," Cindy said, "is that I didn't get up there in time. And it was already chaos when I got to Beaver Ruin. So I called Don, who said come back home."

"Where is he now?" asked Teresa.

"He went to Tanya's." Cindy said. "Taking care of his people, of course."

Teresa's Police cellphone rang, and she answered it. "Hi Chief. Yes, Captain Ross is here. Okay, no problem; I hadn't made the announcement yet."

Hanging up, Teresa said "The Chief changed his mind; no black tape on our badges. We'll do something else to honor Nash, but black tape reminds Tanya of the last person we put black tape on our badges for... Pete Feeley."

"That's a good thought." said Cindy. "Okay, guys. Let's get to work. There is absolutely no excuse for paperwork to not be done by the end of the day. Isn't that right, Grubby?"

"Yes ma'am." said Grubby Paul, with a visible wince. Grubby Paul was not one for paperwork...

Part 11 - Black On Black

"Where's Big Ice staying?" asked T-Square as his bulletproof limousine rolled into the City.

"He's at the Windham City Plaza Hotel, taking up the entire 8th floor." said T-Mac, who was sitting next to T-Square. "West of the Palladium Concert Hall complex, just across the street with park space between. Jasmine Nix is in the penthouse suite of the Palladium International Hotel, which is attached to the north side of the Palladium complex." 

T-Mac pointed out the locations on the Apple Maps on his computer screen, then said "We're staying at the Marriott Grande Hotel, in the penthouse suite. Henry Wargrave would stay there and have business meetings; it's more secure than the Windham City Plaza. If he'd been there instead of in the Cannon Building, he might still be alive today."

"Doubtful." said T-Square. "The Iron Crowbar wanted that man dead, and so he came over all dead. Let's make sure the Iron Crowbar doesn't want either of us dead in the future, and we'll lead healthier lives."

"I hear you, brother." said T-Mac. "So it's all down tomorrow night. Big concert by Jasmine, you make the early appearance on stage with her, then you're the hell out of there while Big Ice is on stage with her and they begin calling for the protests."

"Good job, T-Mac." said T-Square. "You've done a real good job. I'm sure a little bit extra will come your and Gloria's way in the near future."

"Thank you, sir." said T-Mac. "Our team is always ready to serve you. And keep you safe."

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Jasmine Nix looked over the City from the window of her penthouse suite, seeing the Wright Building and the Cannon Building to the south, the Marriott Grande hotel not far from them. 

"Are these really the best hotel facilities in the City?" she asked her aide, a tall, slender black man named they called 'Stevie'.

"I don't know, Ms. Nix." said Stevie. "But it's the best combination of security, getting out of here and to the Airport easily, and good comfort and service."

"The food better be good." said Jasmine. "Better than the cleaning service, anyway." The place was clean; Jasmine was just looking for something to gripe about.

"*Ahem* Ms. Nix..." said a large, muscular man, also black, known as 'Spike'... not because of his hair, which was well-groomed; nor the size of his large penis; but because of what he'd used to kill people that had crossed him in drug deals. Now, he was head of Jasmine's security... and like Stevie, was expected to satisfy her in bed if called upon.

"Stevie, go check on breakfast arrangements." said Jasmine. When Stevie was gone, Jasmine said "What?"

"Ma'am, it's on the news." said Spike. "The Deputy Director of the FBI has been assassinated."

"Oh my goodness!" Jasmine exclaimed. The television was turned on, and they watched KCTY then KSB reports.

"Hot damn!" said Jasmine.

"Ma'am, he was kind of on our side." said Spike.

"He's still a fucking cop with a badge." said Jasmine disdainfully. "Any idea who nailed his ass?"

"Word I'm getting is that it's one of those Cracker groups, maybe 'White Roots'." said Spike. "He's been trying to nail them for years."

"And they think they're going to nail us." said Jasmine. "Those fuckers don't even realize that we know who they are, and when they try to come against us when we're making our protests, they're going to suddenly have knives in their kidneys."

"And bullets in their heads." said Spike. "As will the fucking cops. By the way, there's one more thing. We've got word the Cracker groups are going to kill T-Square's sister's baby, because the baby-daddy is a cracker himself. So do we let them do it, or continue our plan."

"We continue our plan, and kill that halfbreed and her mother." said Jasmine. "If the Crackers get there first, just back off and abort. If we get there first, we'll set up the Crackers to take the fall for it."

"I can only imagine what the Iron Crowbar is going to do to them." said Spike. "It's his daughter."

"All the more reason to kill them." said Jasmine. "The Iron Cracker is the worst cop of them all, and the biggest abuser of our People. He's going to die himself. It's too bad it'll be before he hears about what happens to his halfbreed kid..."

There was a knock on the door, and Stevie came back in. "The private dining room will be ready for us in an hour." he announced.

"That's just enough time." said Jasmine. She began slipping out of her tight dress, letting the garment fall to the floor, then removed her underwear. Wearing only her high heel gold lamé strappy sandals, she turned to the young men.

"All this talk about cops dying," she said, "gets me very hot. What are you two still doing in your clothes?"

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

T-Square sat on the edge of the bed as the girl sat on her knees on the floor between his legs, her warm, wet mouth sliding up and down his huge cockshaft. She was pretty, and had aspiration of a singing career. Her mouth and throat were great for sucking T-Square's massive black snake; unfortunately her mouth and throat sucked at singing.

T-Square had no problem making girls give him sex in exchange for a shot at singing stardom, knowing they didn't have a chance and would soon be discarded. Many of them ending up working the strip poles in his clubs, or prostituting themselves to the clientele at his better clubs. Some lucky ones were 'discovered' by that blonde porn star that was getting face-deep into that cop Cindy Ross every night, but for the most part a much unhappier fate awaited those women.

He was getting more bored than turned on with this girl. She began jacking his long, thick shaft to get him off, her hand flying up and down faster and faster. Finally, he felt his nut rise, followed by the painfully ecstatic pulses of release as spurts of white jism erupted from his black cockhead.

"All right, baby." he said. "Get cleaned up and get on out of here. I'll see you tomorrow night at the party after the show." The girl went to the bathroom as T-Square put on his pants. T-Mac politely knocked on the door.

"Hey Boss," T-Mac said, "turn on the TV. Someone assassinated the Deputy Director of the FBI."

T-Square turned on the TV and watched as he got dressed. T-Mac watched also. 

"Shit." said T-Square. "It's going down."

"There's one more thing." said T-Mac. "We got word that someone wants to kill your sister's baby because the baby-daddy is the Iron Crowbar. Do you want us to put some protection for them in place, or let your sister handle it?"

"Give her a call and warn her." said T-Square. "And with the Crackers starting up their shit, tell her to really watch her back."

"How do you know the Crackers are starting up shit?" asked T-Mac.
