 Sandra sat in her usual spot in the food hall, facing the escalators. She knew that any man coming up would look her way and that was when she would innocently open her legs. Of course, there was nothing innocent about what she was doing. She loved the thrill of exposing her thong-covered pussy to men of all ages and pretending not to to be aware of what she was doing. Time and again she watched as they slowly realised what they could see and loved how they stared before their wives or girlfriends hurried them away.

Today, however, one man was not hurrying away. Middle-aged, probably in his fifties, carrying a briefcase and wearing a suit, he was the stereotypical businessman on his way to a meeting. But Sandra had put all thoughts of any meeting out of his head by her blatant exhibitionism and he had been up and down the escalators to see up her skirt again and again.

She had noticed him and decided to reward him for his perseverance. As she saw him approaching once more, she opened her legs, reached under her short skirt and pulled her thong aside, letting him finally see her bald pussy. His eyes popped open and she was sure the erection he was trying to hide with his briefcase had just got even bigger.

But he was having an effect on her too and she could feel her own juices starting to flow. She knew that exposing herself wasn't going to be enough today and decided to take a risk. The mall was quiet, as was the food court, and she moved over to a quieter seat. Wondering if she dared to do this, she took a deep breath and knew that the decision had already been taken.

She had been for a job interview and was more dressed than she would normally be when she came to the mall but she was glad of this as it would prolong things a bit and make it even more delicious. She was glad when she noticed the businessman had followed her over, even though he was still keeping his distance.

She looked directly at him and imagined that he was her online friend, Alex, before slowly opening her blouse, popping the buttons one by one from the top, just enough to reveal her tiny white bra covering her tiny tits. Still looking him in the eye, she peeled the cups down off her breasts and thought she heard the man gasp as he saw her stiff nipples. Cupping her tits easily in her hand, teasing her nipples, she watched as the man tried to hide the fact that he was squeezing his cock behind his briefcase, while she imagined Alex taking out his hard cock and beginning to masturbate as he watched her.

She knew she didn't have much time so she moved one hand down and slowly pulled her skirt up to reveal her matching thong. She hadn't intended to be just so obvious but now it felt like the sexiest, dirtiest thing to do. As her legs parted once more, her hand fell between them and she could feel how wet her thong was already. It wasn't going to take much to make her cum.

Pulling her thong to one side, her fingers ran up and down her soaking lips but she knew she needed more immediately. Easily thrusting one finger inside, she squeezed her tits with her other hand as that one finger became two and then three.

As her hand moved in and out, she pushed her palm against herself and rubbed her swollen clit with each movement, bringing herself closer and closer to one of her quickest ever orgasms. The man was openly rubbing his cock now behind his briefcase and she was sure he was going to make a mess of his trousers, just as she imagined Alex getting ready to cum over his hand and wished she was with him to lick it off afterwards. 

Just as she was about to go over the edge a voice behind her said,

"Can you come with us please, ma'am?" 

She turned her head to see two fat security guards standing right behind her. She tried to pull her skirt down and close her blouse but they grabbed her arms, one on either side and marched her off. The businessman had disappeared but there was soon a crowd of onlookers gathered to watch and, seeing the state she was in with her blouse open and her skirt around her waist, she was taunted by cries of "Slut!" and "Whore" as she was led through a door marked "PRIVATE" and down a corridor that no member of the public ever walked.

She was pushed into a large, noisy office that immediately fell silent and led to a glass-walled office at the back. As she was practically dragged past even more security staff there was more muttering and more insults along the way.

"Here she is, sir."

"So I see and looking every inch the slut that she looked on the CCTV."

Sandra's heart sank when he turned his computer screen to face her and there, on the screen was no-one but herself. She watched, horrified, and more than a little aroused as she opened her blouse, lifted her skirt and began to play with her pussy. She could feel her juices running again and wished she'd been allowed to finish; she had been so close. She had other things to worry about now though.

"What a whore you are, you little slut. Anyone could have seen what you were doing and you couldn't have cared less. Well, there's only one thing to do. Call the police."

Sandra knew that was the last thing she wanted and tried to think of what to say.

"Is that really necessary, sir. Surely we can find another way to resolve this," thinking that maybe if she offered to suck his cock and maybe the cocks of the two guards who had caught her, they would let her go.

"You were exposing yourself and masturbating in public, in my mall. What could you possibly do to make up for that? You admit you're a slut, don't you?"

That was easy, she thought. She'd been a slut for as long as she could remember and loved being a slut.

"Yes, sir," she said meekly, hanging her head, pretending she was ashamed.

"Well, if you can prove to me that you are the worst slut we have ever seen then we might be prepared to think again."

"Prove it?" she thought. How was she supposed to prove it in an open-plan office with the rest of the security staff all gathered around the glass wall of the office, watching what was going on, impatient to see what their boss had in store for this whore who had behaved so disgracefully. 

Sandra turned her head to see them and noticed that there were a couple of women who had pushed their way to the front of the crowd and they seemed just as eager to watch what was about to happen as their male colleagues.

"I will try, sir. What do you want me to do?"

"Since you like showing off your body, why don't you climb on to my desk and strip?"

Not really sure that he was being serious, she hesitated.

"NOW, WHORE!" he yelled.

Startled into action, she struggled in her tight skirt, which had thankfully made its way down to cover her pussy and arse, but knew that they were about to be exposed once again and this time it was not for her own gratification. Standing facing him, she couldn't help but wonder how many of the overweight, middle-aged guards were already sporting erections in their uniform trousers. 

"That's better. Now take off your blouse."

Standing facing him, she didn't have many buttons left to open but she knew she better be quick or this man might just as easily tear it off her. Then again, would that be so bad? She quite liked that idea but thought she better do as she was told. Sliding the sleeves off, she dropped her blouse on to the desk and waited her next instruction, glad that she was at least wearing one of her sexiest bras that pushed her small tits out a bit more than usual. She didn't need anything to make her nipples look bigger, though, because they were already pusing hard against her bra.

"And your skirt."

She never wore tights or stockings unless she was going to a party and had been asked to wear them so she knew that once her skirt fell she would be standing up there on the desk for them all to see in just her bra and tiny thong. She reached behind herself, lowered the zip and wriggled her hips a little as it slid down her smooth legs to pool at her ankles. She stepped out of it to whistles of appreciation from the men behind her and further call of "Slut!" and "Disgrace" from the women. 

"Ok, good so far. Now the bra."

The room was suddenly silent as this time her hands came to the front and undid the front clasp between her two cups before she shrugged it off her shoulders and let it fall on top of her other clothes. There was a lot of noise behind her as she saw more and more of the staff push into the office to get a clearer view of the slut on display on top of the boss's desk.

"They're tiny," came one shout.

"They'll do for me," came another as the man in front of her simply looked up from his chair and smiled at her.

"Do a twirl, slut, and let everyone have a look."

Her nipples were already stiff but looking at the hungry, lustful faces of the men and women around her, caused her to shiver and caused them to grow even more. But it wasn't the cold that made her shiver and it certainly wasn't the cold that was causing her to soak her thong again. 

"You know what comes next, whore. Lose the thong."

She slipped her hands into the waistband of the last remaining piece of clothing she had on, small though it was, and began to push it down her legs. Inch by inch, she lowered her sodden thong until she dropped it and stepped out of it too, only her shoes now remaining. 

"Lie down on the desk, whore and let's see what you've got -- not that every person in the room hasn't already seen your shaven cunt on the screen. Just what we expect from sluts like you."

She tried to keep her legs closed as she lay down but she was soon ordered to open them as she lay there, exposed for all to see. And what they saw was the wettest pussy any of them had seen in a long time. 

She had closed her eyes but she sensed the movement of the men toward her and knew that they were crowding around her. She couldn't stop herself from flinching as the first hand reached out and, surprisingly gently, caressed her cheek. But there was to be no more gentleness. Soon hands were touching her all over, at first just squeezing and feeling her breasts but, within minutes, other hands were moving up her legs, delighting in the bare skin. Once again she flinched as the first one found her wet pussy but she knew better than to try to escape. She also knew there was nowhere for her to go. The owner of the hand on her pussy pulled his hand out announced that she was soaking.

"What a slut!" was the cry from all around as the men pressed even more insistently against her trembling body. She was trembling but she could feel their greedy hands on her poor body and knew that they could see how her nipples were reacting. Growing as they were, she knew they wouldn't be ignored, and they weren't, one hand grabbing each. She wasn't bothered if the hands belonged to two men or just one but she did know that the way they were pinching her poor nipples and squeezing them was causing tremors to run all the way to her pussy. 

Almost as if they could feel how vulnerable yet how aroused she was, the men laughed as two fingers slid easily into her cunt and then were held up for all too see, all except her.

"She's ready," announced the boss. "Let's blindfold her and make it even better. On your hands and knees, slut. Let's see everything." 

Doing as she was told, feeling her way gingerly now that someone had wrapped a scarf around her eyes, she knelt on all fours using her hands to support her upper body as she heard the men gathering behind her, her humiliation that her pussy and even her arsehole were so exposed arousing her as it always did. 

Someone grabbed her by the neck and pushed her down, the effect being that her legs opened wider to support her and her holes were even more on display. This seemed to be enough for them as there was a noise of rustling and she guessed that soon she wouldn't be the only one in the room who was naked.

Sure enough, within minutes, she heard them gathering around the desk and once again she was taken hold of. This time she was turned on to her back again and pulled to the edge, her legs were bent back until her knees were almost touching her tits. Once again she had no way of telling just how many were manhandling her but she knew whose voice she heard next.

"Let me show you just how wet she is," the boss proclaimed his staff before he sank his hard cock into her waiting cunt with one smooth thrust. As he slowly began to move in and out, she felt others climb on to the desk beside her. With her legs trapped she was helpless to resist and when someone else took her hand and wrapped it around his cock, she automatically began to glide her hand over it before a third man obviously liked that idea and grabbed her other hand to do the same to him. 

Now seemingly surrounded by naked men and naked cocks, the boss began to move more urgently in and out of her tight cunt, his thrusts deep, fast and even violent. He was practically pushing her up the desk so roughly was he fucking her; she was now holding on to the other cocks as much for support as for pleasure.

He was never going to last long like that and he didn't, withdrawing almost immediately to allow another to take his place. But that still wasn't enough for them. Someone else climbed on top of her and pulled her head up towards him, smearing the tip of his cock against her lips.

"Suck it, whore," ordered the boss and she didn't need to be told twice. The man thrust into her mouth just as aggressively as his superior had thrust into her pussy and he didn't last much longer. Very soon he was pouring his cum down her throat before dropping her head to the hard desk and climbing off her. 

There seemed to be no consideration for her, no thought to allowing her to cum. These men were using her for their own pleasure; her own simply didn't enter their minds.

She started to lose count of the amount of men who had fucked both her mouth and her pussy and a few had even masturbated over her tits. She must have looked a real mess but, for once, she was thankful she couldn't see. The cocks that left her mouth all seemed to enjoy wiping the last remains of their spunk across her face and she knew she had wasted her time earlier in applying her make-up. 

For a moment the constant fucking seemed to stop as the men climbed off the desk but they were only repositioning her back on to her hands and knees. Again she felt someone climbing back up beside her, one on either side.. Her pussy was already stretched wide but they began to pull her cunt even more, stretching it almost beyond endurance, while the others simply cheered and yelled their encouragement as if they knew what was coming. She could feel the spunk pour out of her gaping hole and let her head fall back in wonderful embarrassment once more. 

"That should be far enough," said the man in charge over the noise of the crowd and the other two men climbed off the desk. She felt someone else take their place, one man, the boss she suspected, and shuddered to think what she was "far enough" stretched for. She was soon to find out. 

She felt his hand on her backside but it felt different, as if it were coated with some sort of lubricant. He teased her at first, rubbing his wet fingers over her puffed up lips, flicking her engorged clit, before entering her, three fingers easily sliding in. 

The room had gone quiet as three became four but the cheering began again as they too slipped in and she felt like she was being torn apart. In and out those four fingers pushed, slow at first but rapidly building up speed. For the first time she actually thought she might cum, she was so close, she just needed an extra push. She was moaning now, pushing back against his hand and this seemed to delight the men and their boss. Their encouragements became even cruder.

"Stretch her."

"Get your whole hand inside her."

"Fuck her hard."

This time it was he who did as he was told and pulling his fingers out, he wrapped his thumb into his fist and plunged in to her gaping whole, all the way to his wrist. She screamed in pain and ecstasy as she was filled like she hadn't been in a long time.

"So you like that, my little slut, do you? Let's keep going then. It looks terrific."

As he fucked her with his fist she felt as though every nerve in her body was being assaulted. He was moving his hand in and out, again pushing her along the desk. But she was also pushing against him and she was almost there. She was going to cum with a massive explosion, in front of all these men, these naked men, these strangers who had all fucked her and with their boss's hand buried deep in her pussy.

Suddenly the men were upon her again like a pack of animals, her mouth filled with cock, her tits squeezed and pinched. Someone even climbed on her back, riding her like a horse and she just knew he would be masturbating, about to cover the few inches of her naked body not already coated with spunk. And then it hit her. The pain in her nipples, the pain in her pussy and the pleasure from all of it together seemed to merge and she screamed aloud, even around the cock that was fucking her mouth.

It seemed to last forever but eventually the other men climbed off the desk, climbed off her used body and all she could feel was her pussy still throbbing around the fist inside her. As he too pulled out agonisingly slowly, he turned to his audience.

"I think it's fair to say she has proven herself to be a slut but maybe the women would like to try her out."

The scarf around her eyes was removed and she was turned round on to her back, still on the desk. She watched as the women pushed to the front and seemed not in the least embarrassed as they dropped their uniform trousers in front of their male colleague. They were middle aged too, overweight too, and Sandra knew they were about to use her just as the men had done. 

"I'm going to fuck your slutty face, you whore," said the first woman as she removed her big knickers. Sandra could see her pussy lips were big and wet, hairy and fat, just the way she liked them. "Now, get your lips and tongue busy; I'm more than ready." 

Sandra knew that older women tend to leak much more than younger ones and this one was no exception. As the woman lowered her hairy cunt on to her captive's mouth the men all cheered as Sandra stuck out her tongue and, almost instantly she could feel her face was soaked with pussy juice. The older woman pushed down her pussy hard against Sandra's face at the same time as she lifted the younger woman's head with her hands and rubbed her herself vigorously against her lapping tongue. 

She'd said she was ready and, as she started to buck even more wildly, Sandra felt another woman begin to slap her pussy with something big and hard, a wooden ruler she would have guessed. The woman on top of her began to convulse on her face, thoroughly squashing her nose. Her fat thighs crushed against Sandra's head and her pussy was dragged harshly across the younger woman@s face. 

She was going mad with lust as her male colleagues cheered her on.

"Fuck her!"

"Fuck her face!"

"Cum on her. Cum on her face."

The woman was getting louder and louder until, with one last thrust she roared in ecstasy and Sandra's face was flooded with her juices. Being the whore she was, she continued to lick the older woman but eventually her captor could take no more and the slapping of her pussy stopped. "Your turn," she said to another woman as she pulled her big knickers and trousers back on. 

Two more women climbed on and were licked to shattering orgasms in turn. Sandra losing count how many time she came herself as each time her face was covered by an old cunt, the smacking of her own would resume.

Finally there was only one woman left.

"I think I might try something else," looking in disgust at Sandra's pussy-juice smeared face. Stand her up."
