 We haven't written anything for a while, but that doesn't mean we don't have stories to tell. Hope you like it.

—-

It was the first time that Aaron and Melanie had gone together to a swing club. He was a veteran of going to clubs; he loved the possibilities from the time he walked in the door. She was a veteran of the lifestyle, but had never been to this one particular club — and Melanie trusted Aaron to make her first experience there a good one.

Aaron knew what had worked for him and his longtime partner Renee in the past, and figured that it would work again with Melanie. She was a little shorter than Renee, and her breasts were a little smaller than Renee's, but she matched Renee in sex drive. Aaron was delighted; once again, he'd be going to one of his favorite places with a woman who wanted to fuck.

They held hands as they walked in the door. She looked around at the social area and certainly liked what she saw — tastefully decorated, plenty of comfortable seating.

The hostess offered to find someone to give the couple a tour of the facility, but Aaron said it wasn't necessary. He'd been there before and he'd take good care of his lady.

Melanie looked at Aaron and smiled. "Lead on, sir," she said. "I am willing to do whatever you want me to do."

"Whatever?" Aaron said, smiling back at Melanie. "That's a wide-open word."

"Yes, I know," she replied. Then she leaned in closer to him and whispered: "I said whatever, and I mean whatever," she said. "What would you have me do?"

"You'll know," Aaron said, leading her back to the locker room. "Believe me — you'll know."

They again held hands as they walked through the side door of the social area and went to the back. They dropped their bag off in a locker and locked it. They then took a minute to walk through the back of the club, where there were private rooms, semi-private rooms, a group area, and plenty of couches and overstuffed chairs for whatever intimacies awaited them.

Back they went to the main social area. They got themselves something to drink and walked around, looking for a place to sit and looking for someone to socialize with.

Aaron and Melanie loved sex, but there was no doubt that they were a mature couple. Aaron did have a few misgivings that they might not get terribly lucky this night. It was a younger crowd, and nobody really seemed interested in the grey-haired man and the lady who looked about the same age and he did.

However ...

There was a couple, maybe in their early 50s, somewhat younger than Aaron and Melanie but still a little older than most of the rest of the crowd. Aaron gave Melanie's hand a squeeze and whispered in her ear: "What do you think of sitting down with that couple over there?"

As unobtrusively as possible, she glanced over that way. What she saw was a black couple, him much darker than her.

To say she liked what she saw was an understatement. She loved men — she really loved men's cocks — and she really liked black men's cocks. She gave Aaron's hand a squeeze and led him across the room where the other couple sat.

"Hi," Aaron said. "I'm Aaron and this is Melanie. Are these chairs taken?"

"Not now, but we hope you two will take them," the man responded.

"We will," Melanie said, and they sat down.

"I'm Cheryl and this is Mike," the lady said. "We are glad to meet you."

Melanie could hardly contain herself. If she was going to design her perfect sex partner, Mike would pretty much fit the bill. She wondered if his cock met the black man's stereotype. She wasn't too worried; Cheryl was a beautiful and sexy woman and there had to be something there to keep her interested.

The four conversed for 20 or 30 minutes. They talked about family, about jobs, a little about politics (they were all pretty much on the same page there), and life in general. They talked about personal matters. Aaron and Melanie explained their friends-with-benefits situation, while Mike and Cheryl had each been married before, met on a swingers' website, and have been married for five years now.

The dance floor and social area had begun to thin out, and Melanie was getting anxious to play. She looked at Aaron and nodded, and stood up.

"We're going to go to the back," she said to her new friends. "We would love it if you would join us."

Cheryl smiled."Give us a few minutes," she said.

"We'll find a room and keep the door open so you can find us," Aaron said.

As Aaron and Melanie walked away, she wondered what would happen. "Do you think they'll join us?" she asked him when they were out of the other couple's earshot. "I don't know," he replied. "I hope so."

They went back and changed into something more comfortable for playtime. Aaron wore athletic shorts and a T-shirt; Melanie put on a white baby-doll nightgown that displayed her nipples wonderfully. She started to put her outfit's panties and and decided against it.

Off they went. They saw couples petting each other on the couches; there were sighs and moans and some licking everywhere they looked. Everyone was keen to make eye contact with everyone else. Where couples were sitting next to each other, hands would roam to reach a nearby tit or a cock or a cunt.

Aaron and Melanie would take a moment to observe what was in front of them, and at the same time they kissed increasingly passionately.

They found a nice room with a king-sized bed and got into it. They left the door open on purpose — they wanted to be seen. In fact, they wanted Mike and Cheryl to see them.

Moments later, they got their wish. Mike's 6-foot-4 frame filled the doorway and Cheryl, about 5-6 with very nice breasts, stood in front of him. They hadn't changed clothes; Mike was still wearing a nice pair of slacks and a dress shirt, although it was now unbuttoned. Cheryl still had on her low-cut blouse and skirt.

"You asked if we could join you," Cheryl said. "Is the invitation still open?"

"Oh, yes," Melanie said. "Get in here."

"Should we close the door?" Mike asked.

"No, leave it open — if it's OK with you two," Aaron said."Maybe we can inspire someone else."

Mike and Cheryl undressed and lay down on the bed with Aaron and Melanie. Aaron and Melanie didn't get up but still removed what little they had on.

Melanie held up her hand. "We just want to make sure that everybody wants the same thing," she said. "We want to swap partners with you and enjoy and wonderful sexual experience. We prefer bareback. Are you two comfortable with that?"

Mike smiled. "Yes, we are," he replied, and Cheryl nodded in agreement.

That was the end of conversation for a while. What followed was a 30-minute session of sucking and fucking, missionary style, doggy style, daisy chains, and things that each of them admitted later they never done before in the company of another couple.

Each woman's favorite feeling, they agreed, was when they were fucking the men and kissing — sucking, actually — on each other's tits. "That just makes me want to explode," Melanie said.

It was a marvelous time for Aaron, because he had never experienced the joy of fucking a black woman. He supposed that if he closed his eyes Cheryl was as good a lover and as similar a lover as many he had had before, but he wanted to keep his eyes open. Although her skin was not dark black, he liked watching his cock slip into the folds of her pussy. And he loved watching Melanie with Mike; she was a fair-skinned blonde and he was a dark-skinned man. What a wonderful, sexy sight they were.

After the men shot their loads into the shaved, beautiful cunts of the women they were with, they looked up. Couples had been standing and watching but no one had come in. Except for one couple, that is. He was a brown-haired man, about 5-10, and his lady was about the same height, a redhead whose tits entered the room long before the rest of her did.

"I'm Rick and this is Kelly," he said as they moved close to the bed and sat on the edge. "You four are so hot. Can we join you?"

"Sure," Aaron said. "But Mike and I just came and it may take a little time for us to recover."

"Speak for yourself," Mike said, and his dick started to grow like it was controlled by some hydraulic force. It wasn't fully hard, but it was on its way.

"Well, I see I'm going to be sidelined for a moment," Aaron said with a smile. "It's OK. I'm sure three beautiful ladies will inspire me."

Mike reached out his arms to Kelly and the suddenly-naked woman moved over to him and began to suck his impressive cock. (Nine inches, Melanie told him later.) Rick laid down on the bed and Cheryl and Melanie began taking turns licking his cock and his balls. He moaned softly.

The sight brought Aaron's 8.5-inch dick to life. He came up behind Melanie and put his dick into her while she continued to help Cheryl suck Rick. The move surprised Melanie but she was glad for the feeling.

After a few minutes of fucking Melanie, he pulled out of her and walked rolled over to address Mike and Kelly. "Could I have a few moments with the new lady?" he asked. Mike and Kelly both nodded yes and Mike let her roll over to Aaron. He, meanwhile, got into Cheryl while Melanie climbed onto Rick's cock.

For the next 45 minutes, there was a great deal of partner switching. There was a lot of one-on-one, but there were also threesomes. At the end, everyone was with their significant others and there was lovemaking, not just fucking.

Everyone was happy.

"I need something to drink" Cheryl said, and everyone agreed that was an excellent idea. They walked out of the room, carrying the moist sheet with them, and leaving a fresh one behind.

As Aaron and Melanie again held hands and kissed, they were stopped by a younger couple. Are you done for the night?" the man asked.

"No," Aaron said, "but we do need a break."

"Could you maybe fit us in?" the woman asked, reaching out to caress Aaron's cock.

"We think so," Melanie said, reaching out to the younger man's dick.

They continued to the social area, glad for the invitation to return that awaited them.