 "Hold the door!" Sandy yelled as she sprinted the last twenty feet to the rapidly closing door of the Ferry's waiting area.

With only a half foot to spare, the blonde made it through, much to the disappointment of the deck hand who got his kicks closing the door in people's faces. Had she missed it, it would be a long hour's wait until the next Ferry at 1:30 AM. No sooner had she cleared the boarding ramp when it began to rise, freeing the Staten Island Ferryboat Alice Austin to begin her journey across New York Harbor. 

Taking the late night boat was only one of the problems Sandy Carradine had encountered since going on her firm's four to twelve shift about five weeks before. Over a month and she still couldn't get into sleeping during the day. In fact, the fact that the bus stop for the local Junior High School was located right in front of her small apartment house guaranteed that she would wake up to the sound of two dozen teenagers beneath her bedroom window every morning at 7:00. 

Dropping her large carry bag onto one of the hard plastic seats, Sandy dropped exhausted into another. It had been another hot and humid August day and the night had brought little relief. The small Ferry was pretty empty this time of night, relatively speaking. At least it was a far cry was the two thousand or so who took the early morning Ferry ride she had been used to.

"Damn Betty Palmer for getting pregnant!" Sandy said under her breath. "It's her fault that I'm on this stupid shift again."

Six weeks ago, Sandy had been summoned to her supervisor's office and told that since Betty was taking early maternity leave, she would have to replace her as the night shift supervisor. The twenty five year old had protested that she had only come off the night shift six months before. Therefore it wasn't fair that she be sent back. That if anything, Steve Liebowitz, the new intern who would eventually replace Betty on nights when her four month tour was over, should just take over a little early.

The reply that she had gotten was that with Betty's sudden departure, they felt it would be better to have an experienced hand at the helm so to speak. Liebowitz just wasn't ready for all that responsibility. Fighting back her anger, Sandy had to resist the sudden urge she had to tell them what she would like to do with her experienced hand.

So for the last month, Sandy had rearranged her life to fit the new work schedule. With a few bumps along the way, she had finally settled into a more or less even routine. The only really great problem now was her boyfriend, Peter Ryan.

Sandy had been dating Peter for about three months. They had met through Jim Anderson, a mutual friend, at a birthday party for his wife. Sandy was instantly taken by his rugged good looks and electric personality. Six years older, Peter had looked into her deep blue eyes and asked her out less than five minutes after they'd been introduced. When they had gone out to dinner a few nights later, it took all the former Catholic High School girl's self control, not to jump into bed with him at the very first opportunity. Instead she congratulated herself on her self-control and jumped into the sack on their second date. 

That was where their newfound relationship hit it's first speed bump. Peter Ryan may have been, tall, handsome, athletic, and incredibly charming, but astonishingly as it seemed, the man was absolutely boring in bed. Never in her life had Sandy spent the night with a lover so unimaginative. Oh, he wasn't a virgin, and he did manage to get the job done. Yet she sometimes wondered of his previous lovers had been some kind of cross between Mary Poppins and Snow White. Whenever she had suggested they try something a little interesting to spice up the night a little, he quickly backed off the idea. One night he had freaked when she had slid her cum-lubricated finger into his ass during a round of some pretty serious screwing. He nearly jumped out of bed and yelled at her for even trying such a thing. That was something that only "faggot's" did he had insisted. Try as she could, she'd been unable to regain his interest or erection that night. 

Now it had been almost three weeks since they had slept together and Sandy couldn't wait until Saturday night. That was the only day of the week they could still see each other, and Peter had canceled out the last two weekends due to sudden emergencies. He made no secret of the fact that he was totally unhappy with the new arrangements, and Sandy wondered if he had canceled their last two dates just out of spite. She remembered the anger in his voice when he had told her when she talked to him last.

"It's not my fault that we only have one night a week that we can go out. If you want to spend more time together than you'll just have to find a way to make the time."

Sandy had been incredibly angry as she slammed down the phone. What did he expect her to do --- quit her job?

Pushing the angry memory to the back of her mind, Sandy began to look about the small cabin and take note of her fellow passengers. It was a little game she sometimes played, a way to kill time on the twenty minute ride when she didn't feel like reading. She would pick out a person at random, and try to make up a story about their sex life. It was a silly game really, but it was fun sometimes. Of course, during the daytime she had a lot more interesting people to choose from. 

Her selection finally narrowed down to an cleaning lady who looked like those old Russian woman you always saw in the movies and a tall Hispanic woman in a crisp white nurse's uniform. Feeling a little naughty in her imagination tonight, it had after all been so long since she'd be laid - she picked the nurse.

The woman looked to be about twenty-two or three , with olive skin. Her hair was a soft reddish brown, highlighted with gold. The buttons of her starched uniform were opened exceeding low, revealing a more than ample bosom. Sandy wondered if she normally wore it that way or had just opened it due to the dreadful heat. Following her gaze downward, Sandy noted the long slender legs the seemed to go on and on. It was hard to judge her height from a sitting position, but Sandy guessed it to be about five foot nine.

She must work at a hospital, Sandy thought, or be a private nurse who covers a late shift for someone. A wicked smile came to the office manager's face as she imagined the nurse giving some dirty old man some tender loving care. She tried to imagine the body under the starched whites, wondering how she made love to a man. Was it any different? There had been three Puerto Rican girls in her high school class but Sandy hadn't been friends with any of them. There were a number of Hispanic men and women who worked for the firm, four on her night shift alone. But Sandy had always had to deal with them in a supervisor/employee role and such a relationship didn't easily lend to friendship. 

Eventually, the boat docked at Saint George and Sandy followed the small crowd through the terminal to catch the next train southward. She'd passed the Nurse on the way out but didn't give her a second glance. After all, the game was over and she had to be sure and not miss her ride. Like the Ferry, the SIRT only ran once an hour after midnight. If she had noticed the woman in white, she'd have seen the small smile on her red lips. Sandy's little game hadn't gone unnoticed.

The next day was Tuesday, and it was a day pretty much like any other. Sandy had tried to call Peter several times but was always catching him in conference or out. She knew he was avoiding her, forcing her to decide between him or her job. Well she wouldn't give him the satisfaction. She'd teach him to take her for granted. Wait until they went out on Saturday night. Even if she had to tie him down to do it, Sandy was determined to give him the fuck of his life. After that, lets see him ignore her. After all, she remembered, at first he really wasn't keen on the idea of her going down on him. Yet after only a single demonstration, he quickly became a convert to the idea. 

The night passed rather quickly and midnight soon came. Taking up an offer for a lift to the South Ferry Terminal, Sandy had no trouble making the twelve-thirty boat. As was her custom, she took her usual seat in the rear right section of the boat. It was funny, she thought how people always seem to go to the same seats night after night, even when there was so many empty seats. 

In fact, since most of the people around her were the same night after night, she usually looked for the outsider to be the player in her game. Bypassing the familiar faces, Sandy's sights stopped for a moment on a tall olive skinned woman in a security guard's uniform. 

"Now there's a lousy job to have," Sandy said to herself. "Long hours, minimum wage."

Discounting her as a player, Sandy's imaginary scope moved on. After all, why pick the same type of person two nights in a row. Finding no one that struck her immediate interest, the blonde was surveying the choices a second time when she took a longer look at the security guard.

"She's the nurse!" Sandy exclaimed to herself. "The hair is black now and in a braid, but that's the same woman. I'm sure of it. How could she be a nurse one day and a security guard the next?"

Determined to get a closer look to be sure, Sandy waited until the Ferry began to get close to port and people began to line up at the front of the boat. That was another thing she had never understood. Why with only about a hundred people onboard, a line would still form at the gangway before they even docked. Whatever the reason, it gave her an excuse to take a closer look at this mystery woman.

Pausing at the row just in front of the woman, Sandy leaned on an empty row of plastic seats as if to steady her balance. Taking a long, hard look, she confirmed it was indeed the same woman who had worn the nurse's whites the night before. Right down to the bright red lipstick and the open buttons on her blouse. After a few seconds, the woman looked up from her newspaper and smiled at Sandy. Embarrassed at being caught staring, the blonde haired woman quickly and wordlessly moved to the front of the boat. 

The next day, Sandy couldn't get the strange woman out of her thoughts. This was a much more exciting game than she was used to playing. Would she be back on the Ferry tonight, if so, how would she be dressed...and why? The hours seemed to go so slow and as midnight approached they seemed to go even slower. Finally, the night was over and she rushed out the door. When her ride to the terminal got stuck behind a bus, Sandy watched the minutes click off on the dashboard clock and as twelve twenty approached, she was sure she'd missed her boat.

Rushing up the escalator, Sandy reached the top just in time to see the sliding access door close to only a one foot opening. She had missed it.

Suddenly the door stopped and began to side back open. Pushing it was a different younger deckhand.

"Hurry up." He yelled. "You can still make it."

As she dashed inside, Sandy paused just long enough to smile at the deckhand and say thank you. Between the humidity and the rapid beating of her heart, she was covered with sweat and out of breath by the time she took her seat. 

It took no effort to locate her mystery woman, she had moved to a new seat only a few rows in front of Sandy as if she wanted to be seen. It seemed as if she was now an equal player in the game, but what was the game and what were the rules?

As on the previous two nights, the woman now projected a totally new image. She wore a bright blue business suit with a matching skirt. Her buttons were firmly closed this time, her top button covered by a small cloth tie. Her hair was still black but now long and tied tightly into a bun. If she had to pick an occupation for the woman, Sandy's first choice would be a librarian. 

This time, Sandy didn't approach the woman. In fact, she waited until the boat docked and the "librarian" exited first. All during the ride home on the train, Sandy couldn't contain her excitement. This was exciting - who would she be tomorrow?

Thursday passed in a blur. All Sandy could think about was the Ferry trip home. Peter had called and left messages for her on her voice mail but she was in no rush to return his calls. Let him wait a while and see how he likes it. Finally as eleven-thirty struck, Sandy did something she had never done before - she left work early. She just couldn't take the chance she would miss the twelve thirty Ferry. It had been a slow night and after making sure that everything that had to be done was done, she left the office in the hands of her assistant.

Reaching the terminal about midnight, Sandy carefully scanned the crowd gathered in the large waiting area. There was no sign of her. The sliding access door soon opened and the small crowd surged inside. Checking her watch, Sandy took a position right at the door and waited until the last possible moment to board. So absorbed was she in looking for her quarry that she didn't even notice that the door had begun to close.

"Hey lady, are you coming or what?" Called out the deckhand, rousing Sandy from her trance.

Without a word, she ran up the corridor and onto the Ferry. Taking her usual seat, she stared out the window into the night sky. Watching the tiny lights spread across the harbor, Sandy felt a little let down. The game had been fun and a lot more interesting than it usually was. She was sorry to see it end.

"Maybe I just missed her?" She said to herself. "Maybe she was dressed in such a way that I didn't recognize?"

That thought in mind, Sandy rose to her feet and began to walk the length of the small Ferry. After her second circuit and an inspection of every passenger aboard, for all Sandy knew she could be dressed like a man tonight, she finally had to admit defeat. The boat docked soon after and a slightly dejected woman walked to the waiting train. 

The next day, Friday, seemed to be the worst day of the summer. The mercury never dropped below 98 the entire day and the setting of the sun beneath the horizon brought no real relief. Nothing had gone right that day for Sandy. A short blackout in her area had put an end to the air conditioner, driving her totally up the wall. Inside her small apartment the temperature soared over a hundred. 

Her attempts to contact Peter had hit a stone wall. As far as she knew, they were still on for tomorrow, but he was being a real prick about returning her calls. She would show him she thought, wait until I get him into bed. Maybe I'll bring him right to the brink and then suddenly get a headache. That'll show him not to play these games. That she was equally guilty never occurred to her.

During the dinner break that night, Sandy mentioned the strange woman on the Ferry to a few of her friends. She left out the part about her little fantasy game of course, just mentioning how she had seen this woman dressed up a different way each evening. Each of the people at her table had a different idea of why the woman was dressing up like that. Sandy listened with interest at each suggestion.

"A lot of people have both a day and night job, maybe she just has a lot of different part time jobs." Suggested Kathy Davis.

"I thought about that," Sandy replied as she nibbled at her salad. "I could match up her being a nurse and then some other kind of professional the night she wore the suit, but somehow being a by the hour security guard didn't really fit in."

"I'll bet she's an actress." Mary Jane Sullivan suggested. "You know they sometimes really try to get into a character when they're trying out for a role. Maybe she's just attending a lot of auditions."

"That's a good idea, I hadn't really considered that one." Sandy said. "But wouldn't most auditions be held during the day?"

Mary Jane thought about it for a second then nodded in agreement. She hadn't thought of that.

"There's another possibility that you ladies have overlooked." Said Timmy O'Brien, the only man in their little quartet. "She could be a hooker."

"A hooker?" Sandy repeated in surprise.

"Yeh, think about it." Timmy continued. "A lot of guys are into that role-playing scene. Maybe she gets a turn-on wearing her outfit of the night home."

"Speaking from experience are we?" Kathy quipped with a sly smile.

"Or maybe she just doesn't have time to change since she has to catch the 12:30 Ferry just like Sandy does." Mary Jane interjected.

"I don't know." Sandy mused. "Well no matter the reason, she wasn't on last nights boat so I guess she was lucky enough to get off the night shift. Something none of else will ever do if we don' get back to work."

With a serious of faked moans and groans, her three dinner partners rose from the table and returned to their jobs. The last to leave the table, Sandy gave the mystery one last thought before turning her mind back to the work at hand.

The rest of the evening passed uneventfully and it wasn't long before Sandy was saying her goodnights. As she stepped out of her friends air conditioned car at the Whitehall Street entrance to the Ferry Terminal, the wall of heat and humidity she stepped into engulfed Sandy. 

"Please let it rain soon." She said to herself as she looked up into the lightly clouded sky. "Or at least let the air conditioning be back on when I get home." She substituted as she shuddered at the thought of trying to fall asleep in this inferno. The weekend was the only time that she was able to sleep late, but in this heat, sleep would be next to impossible.

Friday nights there seemed to be less people on the late Ferry. Most people must leave early to get a jump on the weekend. By the time Sandy dropped into her regular seat, her blue blouse was already wet with perspiration and sticking to her skin. Every window on the boat was wide open but even the breeze was warm. In vain she had looked for an outside seat but quickly found them already occupied. 

Producing that day's copy of the Advance from her bag, Sandy began to read. Absorbed in her reading, she didn't immediately notice that someone had sat down directly opposite her. This was unusual enough as the interior cabin of the boat was almost ninety percent empty, most of the passengers choosing to sit outside. As she turned the page she became aware of the other person. When she lowered the paper to take a look, it was all Sandy could do not to drop the paper in surprise. 

Sitting not four feet away, was Sandy's mystery woman. Sandy's mouth hung open as she took in the image before her. Gone were the professional outfits, or even the blue collar security guard's uniform. The only job description that her current outfit could fit was that of a 42nd Street Streetwalker.

Her hair was now a bright and curly blonde, a color so unnatural that Sandy was sure that it was a wig. Her lips were full and red, and wide gold hoops now replaced the small stud earrings she had worn on previous occasions. Her large 38 inch breasts were barely contained by the red bikini top she wore. In fact, the points of her nipples were clearly visible through the thin material. Her blue pants were cut so short that if Sandy was sure that if she looked closely, she would see a few loose pubic hairs sticking out of the edges. 

The woman just seemed to smile at Sandy, then ignored her completely. Sandy tried to go back to her paper, but was unable to stop stealing glances. With an eerie fascination, she watched as droplets of sweat formed between the woman's breasts and ran down her stomach and disappeared beneath the material of her oh so short pants. 

Sandy had never been attracted to other women, but couldn't take her eyes away. She could feel a familiar wetness between her legs and was lying to herself when she blamed it on the humidity. The olive skinned woman just radiated sexuality, a raw unbridled lust that hit Sandy full force. The tingling between her legs grew so strong that Sandy wished she was already home so she could find some relief. Instead she sat there with her paper, trying hard not to show the arousal sweeping within her.
