 By popular demand, this story brings back the heroine from "Spare a Planet" for a fuller story. Once again, all details are true except for the names, dialogue, setting, plot, and characters. 

* * *

Ch.1

Jack tried to focus on driving while his erection pulsed in his jeans. Tonight would be his first time seeing Sandy in the flesh since he'd met her. He still couldn't believe what had happened.

Two weeks ago he had picked her up hitchhiking. Dangerous, sure, but he could not resist when he saw the blonde beauty standing there, her golden hair glittering in the Spring sunlight, her firm legs displayed by her short skirt, her slim torso wrapped in a green t-shirt reading, "Earth Day -- Free Taste." That day in fact was Earth Day, and he sure knew what he wanted to sample.

It wasn't long into their ride when he asked her about the shirt. She eased back her seat, making herself comfortable. She said, "You know the easiest way to reduce global warming, right?"

Jack admitted, "I probably should ditch this SUV and get a more efficient car."

"Probably," said Sandy. "But cars, trucks, and SUV's put together don't cause as much global warming as the meat industry. If you went vegan, it would do more good for the planet than trading your SUV for a bicycle."

"Are you vegan?"

"Sure am. And that's what my shirt's about. I'm encouraging guys to join me by offering a taste of something better than meat."

"What's that?"

She answered by lifting her skirt. When Jack got a glimpse of her naked fur, he nearly drove off the road. Thank God there was no traffic. Jack controlled the SUV enough to pull it over.

"If you promise to go vegan for just 24 hours," she told him, "I'll give you a free taste right now." She teasingly raised her hips.

Jack had never seen a pussy this beautiful. Her brown fur was trimmed to show off her pink lips, and what sweet lips they were. He reached his hand toward her, slowly, almost afraid to touch, as if this beautiful woman were a mirage he didn't want to lose.

He touched her thigh. She was real all right. Her flesh was warm and firm and smooth. It was a joy just touching her leg. And he was inches from touching something even better.

Sandy put her hand on his, holding it in place on her thigh. "Do you promise you'll go vegan for 24 hours and help the planet?"

"Hell yeah."

"You will?" She looked him in the eye.

He didn't notice; his own eyes were stuck elsewhere. But he responded to her words. "No meat for 24 hours."

"And no egg or dairy products either?"

"I promise."

Sandy lifted his hand and placed it over her fur. Jack sucked in his breath a little as he finally felt her tickling hairs and the warm opening beneath.

Sandy said, "Then you may have a taste."

They climbed in back to get more room. Jack fumbled to unzip his fly.

"Whoa, hold on," she said, grabbing his hand. "I said you could have a taste, not a fuck."

"Wait. I can ..."

"You can taste it," she said. "You can touch it. But your cock stays in your pants."

Jack glanced again at her pussy. He did want to touch it again. Perhaps even taste it. But he wanted more.

He looked her in the eye with a skeptical smile. "I'm supposed to go down on you, but you're not going to do anything for me?"

Sandy shrugged, more with her eyebrows than her shoulders. "Most guys want to lick my pussy. Most guys think my pussy is pretty." There was a twinkle in her green eyes. "Don't you think I have a nice pussy?"

Jack looked again. Boy, was it nice. Jack knew that for the next several weeks, perhaps for the rest of his life, this was the pussy he would picture whenever he was jacking off. But he didn't want to be used without getting some use in return. Did he?

Jack slid his hand over her warm folds. He glided one fingertip up to her clit and rubbed, hoping to warm her up a little more. "This is a wonderful pussy," he agreed. He slipped his finger between her moist pussy lips. "What do I have to do to get my cock in here?"

"Go vegan for two weeks."

"You got it!" He removed his hand to work his fly.

"No, no. First you go vegan for two weeks, then you get in my pants."

"What's the difference?"

"This lady only lets pure cocks inside her. Vegan cocks are clean. You can tell by the taste. So two weeks from now, after your system has had time to clean out, I'll taste your cum. If your cock is pure enough, I'll fuck you."

He nearly begged for a down payment, but Sandy wouldn't budge. They exchanged phone numbers, and he dropped her off where she was going, his hard-on straining his zipper the whole way. Even after she left his view, his erection remained. Jack had never met a woman who stirred him this much.

He drove a few more blocks and realized he couldn't hold out until he got home. He pulled over on the empty road and pulled his dick out of his cramped jeans, relieved to finally let it out in the open. It was bright day, but he saw no one around, thank God.

He stroked like crazy, thinking about that luscious pussy he had touched only moments ago, imagining how it would feel wrapped around his cock. Through his half-opened eyes he sighted his rearview mirror and a cop coming. Oh shit! In his SUV, Jack was high enough that someone in that squad car wouldn't see his lap. Just to make sure, he pulled his shirt over the action. He stopped stroking, but he had to keep a hand there pinching his dick right below the head to keep from shooting. Damn, the effect that woman had!

What would Jack say if the cop asked him why he'd pulled over? What would he do if the cop asked him to get out of his SUV? It didn't matter. The cruiser passed quickly enough, and a relieved Jack loosened his grip, then instantly regretted it as cum shot up the inside of his shirt. Fuck! He peeled off his wet and sticky shirt, used it to wipe up, and then drove home bare-chested.

In the two weeks since then, Jack talked to Sandy on the phone occasionally, but she said she wouldn't meet him again until his body was pure. He checked on the internet, and sure enough, several women reported vegan cum tastes better. If he wanted the pussy that now burned in his memory, Jack really had to go vegan.

The Earth-friendly diet was easier than he had expected. Vegan margarine on his popcorn for home movie nights. Bean burritos. Spaghetti with sourdough bread. Tortilla chips with salsa. He cheated only once: the other night at a party he had some of the pizza that was going around. Beyond that, he did perfect. Did good for the planet, good for his health, good for the animals; and now, finally, it would do some good for his dick.

Driving to her house this night, his cock urged to get out of his pants. He was half-tempted to pull over right now. At least it was dark this time. But he wasn't about to risk another roadside stroke session. Besides, he was already running late.

He finally found her house. When he knocked, she opened the door and her green eyes lit up. "Jack!" She hugged him. It felt nice to have her body against his once again. Two weeks without this woman's touch had seemed forever.

"Another minute and I would have started without you," she said with a naughty smile. She wore another of her skirts and this time a classy blouse. She even wore makeup for this special night. She brought him inside, and Jack found she wasn't alone. Also in the house were two other men, standing naked.

Ch.2

Jack felt a little awkward shaking hands with Dan and Lenny as Sandy introduced them. It just seemed weird: two people naked, their penises right out there, while the other two were fully dressed.

Sandy explained. "I'm trying to do as much good for the planet as I can, getting guys to go vegan for a while. But sometimes guys take advantage of me. The only way I can tell if a guy has kept his word is to taste his cum. And last year, one scum ball lied to me just to get a free blowjob." She rolled her eyes. "So this year I'm doing things smarter."

Dan and Lenny stood there bored. They had already gotten this explanation. Lenny's dick wasn't even hard anymore, just dangling as awkwardly as his hands.

Sandy continued, "I figure one out of three guys is likely to try something sneaky. So I brought three of you here at once. After I've tasted everyone's cum, whoever tastes like a carnivore has to go home naked. The other two, after kicking out the cheater, get to fuck me all night. So give me your clothes, Jack, and we'll get started."

"What if all three of us have been vegan?" asked Jack, suddenly thinking about that one pepperoni pizza, wondering if she would really be able to tell.

Lenny said, "Then all three of us get you -- right, Sandy?"

"Hey, I am not fucking three guys. What kind of slut do you think I am? I'm fucking two guys tonight, and that's it. Whichever one of you has the worst tasting cum is out of here. Anyone doesn't like the rules can leave right now."

Lenny showed no interest in leaving.

"Otherwise," Sandy added, "let's have your clothes, Jack."

Jack hadn't known he would have to compete. He'd thought he had already won. But at least the blowjob was guaranteed, and he had a two-in-three chance at the big prize. If she couldn't taste a difference in their cum, she'd probably just pick her two favorite men. Jack eyed his competition.

Dan looked like he worked out: slim, youthful body with muscles. He could probably do well with women. The fact that Dan was willing to compete just underscored what a prize Sandy was. Her boobs looked large on her slim frame, and Jack still couldn't get that gorgeous pussy out of his mind. Jack wanted her firm thighs wrapped around him.

Could Jack finish in the top two? Lenny looked less intimidating: he was a bit chubby and had too much body hair. Jack himself may not have been the hottest stud-muffin, but he was confident Sandy would pick him over Lenny.

Jack didn't know that he would like sharing Sandy with Dan, but he wanted her, and if he impressed her tonight, maybe in the future he could have her to himself. Hell, if Dan tasted like a meat-eater, Jack would be a shoo-in.

Jack pulled off his shirt, then his shoes and socks. He thought once more about leaving. This wasn't what he had expected, after all. What if there were more surprises?

Still, she hadn't actually lied to him at any point, and she had promised a blowjob at least. He took off his pants and finally pulled off his underwear. His cock was no longer raging, but it hung thick enough.

Sandy took his clothes and carried them to another room while Jack waited with the other nude men. He wondered if she had been serious about the loser having to go home naked. How many seconds would it take him to scramble from her front door to his SUV? What bothered him more was the thought of reaching his home and having to get to his own door, with neighbors who knew him maybe looking out their windows and seeing his bare ass as he covered his crotch with one hand and unlocked his door with the other.

Sandy returned. "Alright, where should I start? Dan, you look ready." Dan hadn't lost his erection since arriving.

Sandy kneeled before Dan. She licked from his sack straight up to the tip of his cock. Then she slipped her mouth over his shaft and sucked for all she was worth.

Dan got weak in the knees and laid down. Sandy followed him, quickly getting her mouth back on his cock.

Jack watched her mouth slide over Dan's cock and imagined how good that must feel. Jack's hard-on returned. Without thinking, he touched his cock, but he tried not to stroke too much. Save it.

Jack glanced over and saw Lenny, too, was hard. Lenny may not have been that handsome, but he was hung like a porn star. Suddenly, Jack worried Lenny could beat him after all.

"Mmmmm," said Sandy as Dan's cum shot down her throat.

Dan soon panted, "So what's the verdict?"

"That tasted good," Sandy said. A twinkle came into her eyes. "You've been vegan longer than two weeks, haven't you."

"Well," Dan admitted. "I've actually been vegan for six years now. I never said I ate meat."

"You little sneak, you."

Jack said, "That's cheating. The point was for us to improve. He just stayed the same."

Dan reminded her, "You never said I had to change. You just said I had to be vegan for two weeks. And I was."

"You should have told me you were vegan already," Sandy said. "I would have fucked you right then if I'd known your cock was that clean! But as far as this contest goes, I don't think I'll disqualify you. A man who's done that much good for the world deserves a break."

Dan grinned. Jack tried to hide his disappointment that Dan was now the favorite and Jack's own chances of sharing the prize slipped down to 50-50.

Next, Sandy blew Lenny. Her lips and tongue worshipped every inch of his oversized prick. The way Lenny was convulsing, this was the best blowjob he had ever gotten.

Jack held his own cock in his fist, eager for his turn.

Sandy swallowed Lenny's cum at last, and Lenny asked, "So how did that taste?"

Sandy looked like she was trying to decide something. "Let's see how you compare to Jack."

Without getting off her knees, she came over to Jack. He released his throbbing cock and it bounced into her hand. She put its tip to her lips and kissed.

Jack's breathing became stilted. He had stayed vegan for almost the entire two weeks, and now at last here was the payoff. Sandy slipped her lips over just the head of his cock. With that much inside her mouth, her tongue flickered over it while her fingers stroked the shaft. Jack wanted to make this last, savor the feeling of her tongue's tip slipping over the little hole in his cock. But he couldn't hold back. That little hole quickly unleashed a blast of jizm, and then another.

As Sandy swallowed, she moved back away from him. "Unh. You taste like a carnivore. Get out." She was serious.

"Wait!" Jack panted. "It was only one pizza! I was totally vegan the rest of the time. I swear!"

She shook her head. "They win, you lose. Hit the road."

Jack was recovering quickly. "Bullshit," he said. "I'm not leaving just because of one pizza."

"Boys, show him the door."

Dan and Lenny approached Jack. It felt weird to Jack, standing here naked and having two other naked men threaten him. But they wouldn't really touch him, would they? Straight men don't touch one another naked. Right?

Lenny said, "Sorry, dude. You lost."

"I'm not leaving without my clothes."

Dan put a hand on Jack's shoulder. Jack tried to throw a punch, but the two naked winners quickly wrestled him to the ground. As he struggled to get out of their grip, Jack glanced at Sandy, who looked amused to see the naked men wrestling. Jack felt humiliated, powerless, even more so because he could feel one of the guys inadvertently pressing against his penis. He also thought he could feel Dan's dick against his thigh.

"Stop fighting me!" Jack said. "If we work together, we could wrestle her to the ground and all three of us could fuck her."

Dan said, "That's it," and hit Jack's balls. "You don't even joke about hurting her." Dan lifted the anguished Jack and moved him to the door.

Sandy opened it and watched her three naked men move to the open doorway. Two of the naked men came back in, and she shut the door.

Ch. 3

Sandy put an arm around each of her naked bodyguards. "My heroes," she said.

They heard Jack outside pound on the door. He clearly didn't like being naked out there. Sandy reached over and locked the deadbolt.

"That guy deserves it," said Lenny. Dan just moved in on Sandy, nuzzled his nose against her jaw, and kissed her neck.

Sandy giggled. "I must admit, watching all that man-flesh in action got me a little excited. You guys think you have enough energy left to feed a hungry pussy?"

"Oh, yeah," said Lenny. He lifted her skirt. Tonight, she wore panties, but quickly enough Lenny slipped those down her firm legs. As soon as he saw that succulent pussy, he had to kiss it, worship it.

Sandy had one arm around Dan and her free hand was groping Dan's muscular chest. But as she felt Lenny's nose and tongue at her fur, she moved her free hand to Lenny's head, ran her fingers through his hair, let him know how much she appreciated him.

Sandy was feeling good in more ways than one. She had helped the environment by getting these men to go vegan for a while. Now she was going to reward these two and reward herself all night long.

* * *

Outside, it was a dark night, which would have helped Jack hide his nudity except for one problem: he was still at Sandy's front door, her porch light putting him in a virtual spotlight for anyone who might pass by.

Jack couldn't go home yet. His car keys were still in his pants pocket.

He knocked on the door again, nice and loud. But not too loud. If neighbors heard, they might peak outside and see. He faced Sandy's door and kept a hand over his penis so neighbors would only see his backside. Even that was too much. He shuddered to imagine a neighbor with a camera. What if he wound up on the internet? Naked Man Begs to Get Indoors.

Jack decided to get away from the well-lit porch and move over to the dark lawn. He approached her window and tapped. Through a split in the curtains he could see them.

* * *

Dan raised Sandy's blouse, pulled it off, and removed her bra. "My God, you have beautiful tits," Dan said.

"I know they're not that big," Sandy started.

"They're big enough, and I love the way your nipples point out." Dan kissed one of those nipples.

Lenny removed her skirt, and now everyone was naked. Lenny said, "I've been dreaming for two weeks of getting inside you."

Sandy looked down at both erections. "I think I better start with Dan. A cock as big as yours, Lenny, I need to work up to it."

* * *

Jack couldn't believe it. He saw Dan hold Sandy from behind and slide into her pussy. Dan! That fuck who didn't even change his eating habits, didn't do anything to earn this! Dan had his cock where Jack's should have been, pumping away inside Sandy, while Lenny kissed her face and her boobs. She reached for Lenny's huge hard-on, playing with that flesh toy.

Jack rapped on the window some more, but the trio inside didn't seem to hear. Reluctantly, Jack returned to the porch where at least he could knock louder. After pounding on the door, Jack put his mouth close to it and said, "I need my keys!" He pounded some more.

* * *

Dan shot his wad and fell back exhausted. They still heard Jack's pounding, disrupting an otherwise blissful fuck. Dan said, "Maybe you should give him his keys. Get rid of him."

Sandy felt no need to do any favors for Jack. Jack had known the rules and agreed to them. He had cheated on the agreement to go vegan. Worse yet perhaps, on the day she met him, Jack turned up his nose at eating her pussy. She had now given him a blowjob, so she figured it wasn't she who owed him anything.

But for Dan, her handsome vegan with the purest cum she'd tasted in years, she went to her bedroom, searched Jack's pants, and fished out his keys. She wrapped her bathrobe around her nakedness and padded to the front door. Jack was still pounding away.

She opened the door and held up Jack's keys.

Jack looked at her. "It's about fuckin' time."

Sandy was tempted to slam the door on him again, but she wanted an end to this nuisance. She threw the keys over Jack's shoulder.

Jack spun and chased after them. The keys landed somewhere on the lawn. He squatted down, one hand still hiding his privates, and searched in the dark.

Sandy locked the door again and returned to her men. She glanced at Lenny's huge cock, still hard and waiting for her. She flashed a smile. "Time to ride the big one," she said.

* * *
