 My wife and I live in a small town where entertainment options are very limited. Hanging out in funky smoky bars isn't our style. Occasionally we leave town for an extended weekend and schedule some cultural fun, good food and then go dancing. 

One weekend in Santa Fe we went to a non-smoking dance place that we had discovered on a previous trip. It wasn't terribly crowded and we found a little table upstairs by a railing that overlooked the dance floor. It was pretty dark up there and we sat down and sipped our drinks for a while listening to the thrumming of the drums and bass on the floor below. 

We both liked the music a lot and soon enough we were moving and grooving in our chairs and after a short time we nodded at each other and headed downstairs to shake it on the dance floor. 

We like to dance and we are good at it; both very sensual beings. Our fellow creatures on the dance floor were reasonably attractive and many were in the music 'groove'. I saw my wife's eyes follow more than a few men and women alike. One particular woman, quite short, slender and bright eyed, was wearing a low-cut, loose top and clearly nothing underneath it. She danced her way over to us and insinuated herself between myself and my wife during a moment when I had moved off a bit. She was looking directly into my wife's eyes and everything about the way she moved was subtly suggestive. 

Santa Fe tends to be an uninhibited town and there were some eye-catching outfits on the women working that sensual energy as they went by us. My wife knew I was watching and she also knew that she was the center of my attention as she gave me the looks and the moves that I love so well. Something about the night or the air or the music brought us together in our movements like never before. It was as if we were in bed making love, or like dolphins in the sea, playing off each other, flirting, twisting, touching briefly. 

After a while I could have sworn that she was working me, trying to get me hot as she moved that beautiful body toward me, teased me with it and then moved away toward a handsome couple on our right. Both the man and the woman were watching her closely and she knew it. Surreptitiously but deliciously, she displayed her sensuality. She turned a bit toward the couple and teasingly acknowledged their attention with a devilish grin. 

The band wrapped up this last song before the break and she practically jumped in my arms and kissed me passionately in a display that those around us couldn't mistake for anything but fiery lust. I could see my wife looking with one eye at both the couple and the single woman who had approached her earlier. It was crystal clear she wanted to get a 'rise' out of those around us. 

Following her up the stairs, I put my hand on the back of her thigh and ran it up her dress to her butt and left it there 'helping' her up the stairs. Once there, we were practically alone in the darkness, although the space was small. The couple who had been watching her on the dance floor was directly across from us and further across the room were two men quietly sipping beer.

Once again, before we sat down, standing right in front of the attractive duo from downstairs, my girl wrapped herself around me grinding her lower parts into my already engorged toys and kissed me like there was no tomorrow. We sat down and she pulled her chair right up next to mine, sipped her drink and smiled at me impishly over the rim of the glass. It was like she was daring me to do something.

After a sip of my own drink, it was easy enough for me to lean toward her, put my hand on her thigh, and kissing her run my hand up to the center of my universe. Her panties were damp and steamy and she moaned into my mouth as I slipped my fingers under the elastic at her bush and moved gently lower. 

It was just a tease on my part and as soon as I had raised the ante a notch or two, I straightened up and returned her smiling challenge with a look of my own. My girl has a very short sexual fuse and I could tell that she was ready right then, wanted it right then and was practically vibrating in her chair trying to keep her cool in this public place. 

After having enjoyed that little show, the couple across the aisle became a bit steamed up on their own. He gave her a long kiss while running his hand across the open top of her blouse, slipping his hand into the opening a bit and exploring to the tops of her nipples. She lowered her hand to his lap, but I couldn't say for sure what was going on down there. 

I think we had created a mirror of sexuality between them and ourselves, but my girl was obviously playing the leader in our little game. She took another sip of her drink and suddenly and rather obviously, I thought, grabbed my cock through my slacks, squeezing it rhythmically while she enjoyed her drink. She was looking at the couple across from us innocently while I struggled to maintain some control over my normally vocal response to such stimuli. My wife looked the girl across the aisle directly in the eyes as she started obviously stroking something under the table. With her other hand she undid another button on her dress, exposing her breasts to within an inch of her nipples. This got the attention of the man as well and he apparently slid his hand down into his partners lap as he enjoyed our little display. 

At this point, I could feel drops of moisture on my leg and I grabbed my wife's wrist under the table to slow down her attentions. She let go, sipped her drink and then with both hands under the table, she raised her hips off the chair and then bent down with her head practically in her drink. I didn't guess what she was up to until she placed a folded pair of tiny leopard print panties on the table right next to my drink. Across the way, the man's jaw dropped about three inches and the woman looked suddenly flushed. 

The band struck up again in a bump and grind rhythm and blues number. My girl grabbed my hand and started pulling me toward the stairs to the dance floor. The other couple immediately followed and we were all trooping down the steep staircase together. I guess they didn't want to miss anything important, and they didn't. On the way down, my wife flipped the short skirt of her filmy dress up and held it there with her hands on her hips most of the way down. I don't know if she realized that the other couple was following us, and I'm not sure she would have cared at this point, although she is normally much more demure. I couldn't keep myself from brushing my hand down her beautiful butt and then running my fingers like a whisper through her bush just enough to get the tips of my fingers wet. I wiped her wondrous wetness on the front of my neck to load the air around us with pheromones and we started dancing before we were off of the last step of the stairs. 

It was like the band and the whole place had picked up on the sexual energy during the entire set. It was literally moments before the sensuous little bisexual or lesbian woman sidled up to my wife obliquely stretching her arms out toward her mostly exposed breasts while rotating her body invitingly. My wife had been a bit taken aback with this girl during the first set, but now played off her bending her shoulders forward to offer a quick view of her hard nipples. The two danced together for a bit, the bi-girl running her tongue across her upper lip lasciviously. My wife then spun around to me and grabbed my hand, pulling me in to create a circle of the three of us. Rather than be turned off, our new friend gave us a very provocative finale as the song ended. 

As we applauded, my wife leaned over in the interlude and shouted, "You're a hot thing!" to the girl. They exchanged a few other words that I couldn't hear. I had noticed that our upstairs friends had been hovering around us on the floor, staying in the same general vicinity. They were in a lip lock just behind my wife, both with their hands on each others waists trying desperately to become one. When they pulled away, I noticed that she too had unbuttoned her blouse a bit more and her chest glowed with perspiration. He had an obvious bulge in his pants that could only mean one thing. 

The band launched into a second number that was either raunchier than the first, or I was losing my grip on reality. The five of us kind of stuck together during the rest of the set and I had the opportunity while dancing to expose the lower half of my girl's tight little dancing ass to first the couple and then the single woman which got a good reaction each time. I'm sure my wife had an inkling of what I was doing because although she gave me a pouty look, she never stopped grinding even when she must have felt a little breezy back there. 

After the second set, we headed to the restrooms and then back upstairs to our steamy little loft. The first thing I noticed when we arrived was that our drinks had been mysteriously refilled and my wife's panties were missing off of the table. I was embarrassed to think that the waiter or waitress had picked them up, but couldn't explain the drinks. As we sat down, I looked across at the couple and it was my turn to gape. The woman was rubbing my wife's panties across her partners sweaty brow and the open neck of his shirt and then stuffed them into his shirt pocket like a handkerchief on a fancy suit. There was no mistaking that leopard print in his pocket as she raised her glass to us. 

We were both a bit taken aback, but hey, what were we going to do, walk over there and demand them back? We had been teasing these folks, they looked decent and just having fun. I think we both mentally shrugged and toasted them from across the room. The woman pointed at our table, sort of in between my wife and I. I didn't get what she was after at first, and then I noticed that what had looked like a wadded up white cocktail napkin near my wife's drink was actually a bit of fabric and string. Jesse picked it up and discovered that it was arguably the world's tiniest thong. It seems the girls had traded. Jesse took the cue, smiled at me and started wiping my sweaty forehead and exposed neck with the triangle crotch cover. I imagined I could smell the woman's juices all over me. She wiped all over my face with it, while looking slyly at the man across the way. I reached down, slid my hand up beneath the hem of her dress to her sweet spot and began teasing her swollen, very wet pussy. My reward was a moan that I could see better than hear over the pounding music that played between sets. 

All of this was not lost on the two beer drinking buddies at the third table. They leaned over and were talking to each other and looking first at my wife and then the other couple across the way. They had been checking out our women quite a bit, even though we had a number of years on them. Younger guys are almost always attracted to my wife Jesse. She has a great little body and although she doesn't tend to wear revealing clothes, something about her just sucks them in. These two were probably in their late twenties. One was very tall, about 6' 3," and thin with white blonde hair. He was wearing an open necked shirt that had some vivid tribal print and cut. The other was an olive skinned guy about 5'10" with long brown hair that had a pretty good curl to it. 

Just as my girl is finishing rubbing my face with the tiny thong, our bi-girl dancing friend showed up, plopping down next to Jesse and shouted, "Found you!" Then she looked more closely at the thong that Jesse was trying to stash and said, "You all are being bad, I think." She grabbed the thong from Jesse, waved it in her face and asked, "These yours?." Jesse shook her head no with a grin and pointed to the woman across the way who lifted a finger and then pointed at the gentleman's pocket where my wife's panties had taken up residence. "Yes, bad!" yelled bi-girl. 

Meanwhile the tall blonde guy at the third table had noticed our new obviously spicy little friend, and noticing that she was unaccompanied, came over and invited her downstairs to dance as the band struck up for the third set. She looked at him like she was a tiger who had just been given a fluffy rabbit for a plaything. 

"All of you stay here. Don't do anything without me," said our bi-girl as she grabbed his hand and headed downstairs. 

The couple across the way took this opportunity to join us, introducing themselves as Mike and Shannon. Mike was about 6' with a lion's mane of blond hair shot with streaks of gray. He had a nice looking, but intense face and a body that showed he was a regular at the gym. Shannon was a bit boyish and a bit buxom for my tastes, but I thought I could get over it with practice. She had one of those electric smiles and was also in good shape. She was wearing a thin, forest green cotton dress that buttoned all the way up the front from the hem to her breasts. 

I was pretty conflicted and surprised at Jesse and I. I mean, we had been sharing some pretty intimate stuff with these people. I think I blushed realizing I was wearing the woman's juice, her scent all over my face and neck. They took the chairs across from us, Shannon directly across from me, Mike across from Jesse. My wife was looking down at her drink instead of at the handsome face across from her. She did finally glance sideways at Shannon, who caught her eye and Jesse suddenly burst out laughing, pointing at her panties in Mike's pocket. She then covered her eyes with her free hand. 

I kissed the side of her neck and placed my hand across her chest on the upper half of her wonderful breasts. Shannon reached across and pulled Jesse's hand from her eyes, squeezed it and sent her an almost motherly sweetness in the look she gave her. Jesse squeezed back and looked from Shannon's face to the tender concern in Mike's gray blue eyes. She winked at Mike and laughed again. 

The other lone guy was trying hard not to be noticed staring at us all. 

Suddenly, our seemingly indefatigable bi-girl prances up the stairs dragging the blond guy who was flushed and panting. I guess she'd done some dirty dancing with him because there was a fair sized bulge in his pants. I couldn't blame him; she was hot for a little pixie. She stood about 4'11' tall, and looked like she weighed about 95 pounds sopping wet. She was Asian with a tight, dancer-type body, straight black hair to her shoulders. She shoved the blonde guy into the end chair and sat down next to my wife on the booth bench and yelled, "What's been going on here? I need to know" She waved at the remaining brown haired guy and pointed to the last remaining chair at our table on the other end. He came over and sat not knowing quite where to look, but clearly taken with all of the women. 

Bi-girl reached across to Mike, grabbed my wife's panties out of his pocket and held them in front of my wife's face. "These yours?" Jesse nodded, a bit shame faced, laughing. "They're mine now" she said as she reached down, slid them up her own legs and then proceeded to massage the crotch of the panties into her own sweet spot. She rested her head on Jesse's shoulder and let out a big sigh, working her hand slowly in her own lap. 

"Who IS this girl," I thought to myself. 

"I'm Mike and this is my wife Shannon," said Mike sticking his hand out toward the tall blonde guy. 

"Phil," he answerd. 

Mike turned to the bi-girl with a question on his face. 

"Marley," she said and then kissed my wife's cheek. She was clearly taken with Jesse in a puppyish sort of way. 

"You're Jesse and you smell fantastic," Mike said to my wife. "This is Dan," he pointed at me. Then he swiveled to the remaining unknown character. 

"Jason" he said. 

"Let's go someplace quiet," Mike yelled.

Jesse and I are used to quiet and don't have to be told twice to evacuate. Marley stood, grabbed my wife's hand and started leading our troupe downstairs. Jason followed last, looking a little uncertain. We wove through the dancers past the bar and out into the summer air of the Santa Fe plaza. 

"Follow us home for a swim and a hot tub," Mike said. Shannon jumped on the bandwagon, "Yeah, we have a big, empty house. Please come over." 

I looked at my wife. It was still pretty early in the evening and we had had a nap after checking into the hotel. Jesse is a sucker for a hot tub and said, "OK." Jason said something about having to work in the morning, but Marley will have none of it. She grabbed Jason around the waist, pulled him to her like she owned him and said, "You're coming, too. You can't leave now.

We quickly figured out who was parked where, agreed to meet in front of a convenience store a few blocks off the plaza. Jesse and I headed for our car. "Are you OK with this?" she asked.

"Yeah, I meet need coffee," I answered.

"I need something" she said. "I need you to fuck me as soon as we get to the car. I can't go on like this." 

I did open her door for her, helped her in and then ran my fingers sweetly through her swollen throbbing wet lips with special emphasis on her clitoris. "I'd love to, but I don't want to hurry and we would lose them for sure. You're just going to have to do a little self car on the way," I told her. "But I'd be thrilled to watch." 

I slid into the driver's seat and started the car. "You might want to wait until we rejoin our friends." We caught up with them in a few minutes. Mike and Shannon immediately pulled out in front, Phil was driving the second car, Jason was riding shotgun and little Marley's head was just visible above the back seat. As we pulled in last, I said, "OK, you're cleared for take off. Really you'd better go ahead and orgasm or you're likely to explode." Jesse always did have a very short fuse. She was steaming hot. I could smell the muskiness of her in the enclosed car and I growled at her. 

"Yeah?" she said. "Got your attention? Take a look at this." She reached her hand down, pulled her dress up and tucked it in behind her exposing her sweet bush in the dash lights. She began rubbing methodically and groaning quite loudly. "Keep your eyes on the road," she commanded. I reached a hand over and managed to undo two more buttons on her dress giving me access to her breasts. 

We weaved our way out of town onto a four lane highway headed north east out of Santa Fe while the air and the energy in our Subaru became highly charged. Suddenly the dome light in Phil's car was switched on and I realized that something interesting was happening. "Look what's happening up front," I told my somewhat oblivious partner. We could see at least the top half of a naked Marley dragging Jason into the back seat, then we saw nothing for a full minute. Jesse slowed her ministrations, then the top half of Marley appeared in the rear window, facing us, bouncing up and down hard, breasts flying. 

I knew Jesse was about to blow. I accelerated into the lane adjacent to Phil's car, the driver's rear window was down and it was obvious that she was fucking the living daylights out of Jason! That had a serious effect on Jesse and I rolled her window down right next to Marley and Jason as she came with a long gasping howl. That got Marley's attention and she howled back at Jesse grinning wildly. 

I eased back behind inhaling the dense atmosphere of Jesse's sex mixing with the high-elevation dusty desert air. 

Marley's one woman show for us went on for some time. Phil kept turning around and it was negatively affecting his driving, so I backed off a bit more. I almost felt sorry for the beating that Jason was taking. He couldn't have still been holding out, but Marley would just not let up. Her hair was sticking to her sweaty face as she finally scrunched up her features in an ecstasy that looked excruciating. She then disappeared behind the rim of the back seat and I exhaled explosively. I hadn't even realized I'd been holding my breath. 
