 Simply put, holiday shopping can drive a person insane. My wife and I had just concluded a day at the mall. We were stressed and in need of unwinding. Driving down the road we passed an all too familiar establishment, the Platinum Horse. It was an upscale gentleman’s club, known for its fine dining, spirits and of course a female revue that was its hallmark. We entered the establishment, found ourselves a table in a secluded corner, ordered our drinks and began taking in the sites. Several young scantly clad ladies paraded around the tables entertaining patrons. Surveying the establishment I soon realized that my wife was the only female patron in attendance. Several customers eyed her curiously, as if the had never seen a woman enter a strip club that was not employed there. 

Across the floor we spied a dancer dressed in a revealing Santa outfit. She was a cut above the rest. Classy and elegant, she looked innocent yet had a glare in her eye that told a different story. Adorning her long highlighted locks was a Santa hat. A matching top and g string graced her curves with a pair of white thigh high stockings. White leather boots and white garland trim completed the ensemble, as she made her way to the center stage. Her musical score began; ‘Santa Baby’ began to echo through the club as she sashayed to the brass pole.

I discreetly looked at my wife, who was intently watching every move Santa’s little helper made. Her eyes followed with the instinct of a predator watching its prey, every move, every touch my wife followed she danced. I knew the look my sexy bride had in her eyes. I had seen it all too often. I discreetly made my way to the side of the stage; fumbling through my pockets I produced a stipend for a moment of her time. She saw me approach and turned so her back was to me. Her arms moved to her front as she unclasped her top. In one seductive move she cast it aside and turned toward me. She leaned forward and brushed her hair against my neck, then smartly stood and turned so I could view her from all sides. She faced me once again and looked at me as if attempting to gain approval that was not needed. She kneeled in front of me and slowly slid a candy cane she had tucked into her stocking, and placed one end into her mouth. She placed her hands on my shoulders and drew me closer. I placed my mouth on the end of the confection and gently removed it from hers. She smiled and lifted up her garter as I placed her well earned tip with a slight clumsiness and tremble in my hand. As he moved closer and whispered “Merry Christmas” into my ear, I was able to smell the warm vanilla lotion she was wearing. I asked her if she would be kind enough to come by and dance for my wife who had been watching us intently. She looked at me with her fire blue eyes and with a slight nibble to her lip looked toward mate and nodded in agreement. The song ended as I reached our table and took my seat. I met my spouse’s eyes with my own and smiled. She knew instinctively what was about to happen. 

My wife stood about five foot three. With a sleek athletic build she was the envy of many women and the desire of many men. With eyes of emerald green and blonde hair, she had a demure look that I knew all to well. Soft 34 b breasts perfectly formed, graced her torso under a black sweater. Her jeans were tight and revealed the contour of her hips and heart shaped ass in such a way as to invite a second look. She was discreet, yet made no reservations about her bisexual desires. I had the best of both worlds. Not many men were in my position, yet all wished they were. Santa had arrived at our table.

“My name is Corrine.” She began as she held out her hand. “Anne. Pleased to meet you.” My lady responded as she gently took her hand. She then turned her focus toward me and offered her hand as I said “I am Chris.” Corrine took a seat close to my spouse. 

They began to chat in earnest as women who appreciate the female body often do. They gave each other compliments and kept there eyes focused on each other. As a new song ensued Corrine escorted Anne to a nearby couch. She took her seat as Corrine began to straddle her. She brushed her body close to my wife’s. Our naughty little Santa began by taking off her crimson red top and pressing her breasts into my wife’s chest. Anne’s hips began to move in rhythm with Corrine’s as the music became louder. It was a sight to behold. Corrine was a dancer who knew how to please. Her body was created, it seamed, for that purpose. From my vantage point I watched her perfectly formed ass ride up and down against my wife’s body. She slowly stood and removed another candy cane from her stocking. She placed it in her mouth as she knelt in front of Anne spied her every move as if hypnotized. Corrine placed the peppermint stick in her mouth and rubbed it along the length of my wife’s thigh. She slowly moved upward twirling the confection as it began to rest on my wife’s pussy. My wife kept her eyes closed partially as she reveled in delight. Deliberately, Corrine then took my wife’s sweater and lifted it upwards. I had not expected this as she blatantly exposed my wife’s breasts. Her hands found each breast as my wife arched her back in delight. Anne raised her hands as well and returned the favor as she caressed Santa Baby’s breasts. Slowly she stood and faced toward me and looking though me as if in a trance rubbed her ass into my wife’s crotch. Anne began to run her hands along the length of her starting at the thigh and moving upward along each cheek. Corrine’s eyes fluttered as she bit her lip in a sign of approval. Although I could not see clearly from my vantage point I knew my spouse was rubbing her clit through her thong. I felt my self growing harder by the moment. I squirmed in my seat becoming uncomfortable as my cock ached. 

The song slowly died out. Corrine and Anne turned in such a manner that Santa was now sitting on my wife’s lap, whispering into her ear. This continued uninterrupted for what seemed a small eternity. I was not privy to the conversation. The music in the background made it virtually impossible to hear. Then quite abruptly Corrine stood kissed my wife on the cheek and walked away. Anne then stood and told me that we needed to leave. I was taken aback. I had no idea what was going on. We donned our coats and proceeded home. The car was eerily silent, during the short ride; Anne only smiled softly as I looked at her. We entered the house and I finally asked what was going on. She kept smiling, and only replied “you will see.” 

As I was placing the purchases we had made away I heard the doorbell ring, then the door open and shut. Several moments later I entered the living room to find a fire roaring in the fireplace. The Christmas tree lit and candles burning. I smiled knowing that that dance had really gotten to her and now I was going to reap a well deserved benefit. My wife was lying on the floor over a large blanket. She looked at me and then though me, as if I had been only in the way. I turned only to see an all too familiar face…Corrine’s. 

I looked back quickly at my wife in disbelief. She was grinning ear to ear. I glanced back at Corrine, who was also smiling with the same candor as my wife. “Honey” she said, “meet Corrine. We have known each other for a little while now.” Corrine walked into the room, removed her leather coat and lay next to Anne. 

“Hi” was the only thing that came out of my mouth. I was dumbfounded. 

“Do you remember the ad I placed on the net awhile ago? Cory and I met through that. We had this planned for a few days, and wanted it to be a surprise!” 

My mouth was ajar. Nothing came out. Nothing had to. Soon both of these ladies began where they left off only a short time before. Anne’s hand slowly caressed Corrine’s ass as she nibbled gently on her shoulder. They faced each other and began to kiss. I could see their tongues mix and dance in the dim Christmas lights. It was a sight not all unfamiliar to me. Never a single female though. Our fantasies had manifested with a few select couples but never just three. I sat near them and felt my cock harden. 

Corrine had on the same outfit we had just seen her in only a short time before. My wife had slipped out outfit only to reveal a black g string. She moved her way down Corrine’s exquisite body licking and kissing as she went. She arrived at her navel and ran her tongue along its borders. She moved her g string to the side and brushed her lips along the length of Corrine’s swollen clit. Slowly and passionately Anne pressed her tongue into Corrine’s wet pussy. A soft moan parted her lips as she began to rock her hips in time with Anne’s advances. Her back began to arch as she neared her first climax. She pulled apart he top and in one motion pressed her breast together. Corrine began to breath faster. Short quick panting breaths parted from her open mouth. My wife continued to lick and finger her pussy. Each moment passed brought Corrine closer to orgasm, until she gasped and screamed “Oh fuck yeah!” she rocked her pussy against my wife’s mouth shooting a small stream of cum from her lips. 

I was dying. No I was beyond that. I undressed. My cock was aching, but I wasn’t about to interrupt Anne. Instead I kneeled behind and began to finger her already soaking wet pussy. She moved up on her knees continuing to suck and lick Corrine. Anne came quickly as I rubbed her clit. She begged me to fuck her.

I arose and pushed my cock deep into her as she moaned again. I began to slide in and out keeping time with her hip thrusts. Corrine, sat up slightly propped on her elbows, and began to watch. Anne’s moans became louder. She began pushing back into me, thrusting her hips to meet my tempo. Corrine repositioned herself underneath my wife and began clicking her clit as I pounded harder and harder. I felt her tongue brush up against my cock, which sent chills up my spine. Anne reared her head back and gasped as she came. I slumped forward as we all broke out into a spontaneous laugh.

We sat for a moment catching our breath. Anne and Corrine continued to kiss and touch each other whispering softly. They knew that my attention was focused on them. Anne looked over and asked if I wanted to tease and fuck Corrine, who was staring into my eyes. They both knew the answer. 

I moved over toward the little vixen and kissed her sucking her bottom lip into my mouth. She turned and lay on her stomach pushing her ass upwards inviting me by wiggling her ass back and forth. I placed my mouth fully over her pussy and lightly kissing her pulled her hips backward, pressing her fully into me. Anne inched slowly downward and began sucking on my throbbing cock. She began to stroke and suck slowly at first and increased her tempo. I moaned letting my breath exhale on Corrine’s pink wet snatch. 

I began to run my tongue upward along her ass, riding the curves to the cleft and back down again. I placed my finger into her as I continued to lick her swelling clit. Her pussy squeezed tightly around my finger as she began to rock her hips back and forth. Anne continued sucking my cock and intermittently jacked my cock harder and harder. As she did this I began to instinctively finger and lick Corrine faster and harder. She pumped her hips quickly in a rounding motion, pressing her pelvis deeply. The contractions and spasms of her hole became regular and rhythmic. She arched her back and screamed gripping the blanket underneath us. She pulled herself away but I grabbed onto her to pull her back. She spun around and grabbed me by the shoulders. Anne released me and turned to watch Cory laid me onto my back. She straddled me and made sure I saw her spread he lips open as she slid her pussy downward…slowly onto my cock. 

She rocked her hips back and forth as we both enjoyed this new sensation. She placed her hands on my chest and lightly dug her nails into my flesh. Anne was now watching as I had done before, seemingly enjoying the show that was unfolding in front of her. Corrine began to raise her hips upward and downward allowing her pussy to slide up and down the shaft of my cock. Her mouth opened slightly allowing a soft moan to escape. I maneuvered my hand around her back and caressed and squeezed her ass. She leaned forward and began to thrust faster and harder. Her soft moans became louder as I felt her pussy spasm. I leaned her ass forward pulling her into me and spreading her ass cheeks began to thrust furiously. Corrine’s moans reached a crescendo and then ebbed down to a light sigh. She slumped forward and gently kissed me. Looking into my eyes her and Anne simultaneously said “time for you to cum!”

She slowly slid her pussy upward and off of my cock tightening herself as she went. A wave of pressure built up deep with in me. She had me so very close to cumming. She grasped my cock and began stroking it furiously. I gasped. Anne leaned over me with Corrine next to her smiling with their mouths opened flicking the head of my cock as they did so. The mere sight and sensation of this vision put me over the edge. A small shot of cum flew up and found its mark in Anne’s mouth. Corrine pumped my cock harder and faster as I began to cum. Larger shots of cum landed on both of these two as they showed no mercy jacking me off for what seemed like an eternity but only a fraction of time. As my body began to relax, Anne and Corrine snuggled up close to me as we lay there in the glow of the fire and Christmas lights. “Merry Christmas!” they whispered in my ear, nibbling as they went. 

Some guys dream the dream; I on the other hand got to live it. Merry Christmas to all and to all a great life!