 Sandy had already thrown open the door before common sense told her it was a mistake. The light of the bright afternoon woke her up from her blind rage and she realized what a mess she was. Quickly she closed the door again, not all the way, though, because she needed to first deal with whoever had knocked. If it was a cop, slamming the door in his face wouldn't be good. She kept the door ajar and hid behind it, showing just enough of herself to, hopefully, make it through a conversation.

In the half second the door had been wide open, though, Sandy saw that her visitor was a woman, and she was wearing some kind of uniform. Hiding behind the door, Sandy wondered if that was as good of a look as the woman had gotten of her. The woman was backlit by the sun, so details were few, but the sun would've been shining right on Sandy. It was very possible the woman had seen the cum...not that she would have known what it was.

Of course, Sandy's exposed breasts might have helped clued the woman in, and those would've been visible no matter where the sun was.

Sandy was violently shaking as she tried to cover herself behind the door. She forgot to even say "hello" to whoever it was.

"Are you okay? Sandy?"

Oh God, Sandy thought. The woman knew her name. But who could it be? And then she realized who the voice belonged to. The woman had the long blonde hair and the trademark black sunglasses to match. It was Molly. The mail carrier.

Not a cop uniform. A postal uniform. Stupid fucking guys. They'd flipped out and ran away over nothing.

On the good side, at least Molly was cool. She was one of the few adults who was nice to Sandy and didn't have to be. She was 39, but she didn't talk down to Sandy, who was just 18. They hadn't talked a lot, but enough to be on a first name basis. Sometimes, when she was really lonely, Sandy would wait on the front porch for Molly to deliver the mail, just so she could say hi.

"Sandy?" Molly repeated, this time much more concerned. Sandy had never shied from her before.

Besides, Molly had seen the girl in that brief moment the door had been open. Other than seeing deep anger on Sandy's usually bored face, Molly saw that Sandy's shirt was open and there was no bra covering her young, pointy breasts. She hadn't had enough time to notice the cum, but seeing the disheveled state was enough to raise suspicions of rape.

When Sandy still didn't say anything, Molly tried to push through the door, but only gently.

"Sandy? I'm going to come inside, okay? You can cover up first if you want. Is there anyone else in the house with you?"

The door slowly opened. Sandy stood there, her arms crossed over her chest. Her shirt was still unbuttoned, but at least her breasts were covered by the fabric. Molly saw what she first thought were tears on Sandy's face, but then she realized the truth, and feared the worst.

"Oh God, baby," Molly said, her maternal instinct taking over. Molly had no kids, but she knew Sandy's mom was always working, and right now the girl needed a mother. "What happened? Who did this to you?"

"Nothing," Sandy said, sniffling. Molly, of course, misunderstood the reason for the tears, so Sandy knew she had to explain. "It was my fault. I mean, I invited them. I told them they could."

Not wanting to keep standing in the open like this, Molly came fully inside, dropped the mail bag, and closed the door. Then Sandy told her the whole story. She had invited the three young guys from down the block inside, promising them blowjobs, and expecting sex afterwards. She swallowed the cum of one of them, then got a surprise facial from another, and the leader of the trio came on her face and breasts. But just then Molly's knock had scared them off, and now Sandy was alone, feeling like an idiot and a slut.

Molly felt terrible, of course, but she insisted to Sandy that this was not the best way to deal with boys.

"I didn't do it so they'd like me," Sandy said. "I just wanted to...I wanted to have an orgasm."

That surprised Molly. But even more surprising was finding out that Sandy had been trying to achieve orgasm for years, and to no avail. Molly considered herself the perfect person for Sandy to talk about these things with, but after suggesting porn, toys, and techniques, she discovered that Sandy had already tried all of them. And nothing worked.

Molly didn't want to tell Sandy that it was sometimes easier to get yourself off then to have a guy do it. But that would really make her feel bad. Oddly, as experienced as Molly was in such matters, she found that she had no good advice to give. She needed time to think of something.

"How about we clean up a little? And then we can talk some. Okay?"

"That's okay. You have your job. I don't want you getting into trouble. I'll be okay."

"Honey," Molly said, smiling big. "The mail can wait."

Sandy kept the door to the bathroom open as she stood in front of the mirror, completely topless, and cleaned herself with a wet washcloth. Molly took the hint and stayed just outside the door, not looking in, but staying close enough to keep the girl company.

"I'm really sorry I ruined it for you, Sandy. Your mailbox was full of ice, and so I couldn't put it there. I can't just leave it on the ground, so I knocked--"

"It's okay. You didn't know," Sandy said. "Besides, I don't know if those guys would've given me a turn anyway."

"Then why'd you pick them?" Molly felt stupid as soon as she said it. She knew Sandy had real troubles when it came to boys. She didn't think Sandy was ugly, but she also knew that probably wasn't the popular opinion at Sandy's school. She was a short, plump girl, and didn't do much to enhance her appearance.

"I didn't care who it was," Sandy said. "I just wanted sex. And that was all they wanted, so I figured it would be okay."

"I won't get into the whole casual sex thing with you, Sandy. But if you're going to do it, it should at least be with someone you like. Maybe you have a friend who feels the same way. If you just talked to them, maybe you could find out without really asking. You know?"

"The only friends I have are girls," Sandy said, shooting the idea down. "And it's not like they ever ask me to hang out with them anyway."

Molly thought about that for a long time. She recalled a night not too long ago when she had very unexpectedly made love to another woman. It still troubled her, because she didn't yet know how she felt about it, although she knew it had felt incredible, and physically she wanted to do it again. Then she shook that thought away and wondered if maybe that was part of Sandy's problem. Maybe she was so uncomfortable around guys because she really favored girls. Could something like that be subconscious? It didn't seem so, but Molly had never seriously fantasized about women until she'd already been with one just a couple weeks ago.

"Girls can help each other out, too," Molly said. Part of her had wanted to say that, just in case it would serve as some revelation for Sandy. But part of her was still day-dreaming about that night with Karen, and Molly's words had come out more or less on their own.

Molly's daze kept her from fully understanding the possible weight of her words, or the possible inference. But Sandy immediately wondered if that had been Molly's way of making a pass at her. It was such an odd thing to say. Molly was married to a guy. But had she learned of sex from her high school girlfriends? Was that a normal thing that people just kept secret? Here Sandy was, half naked in the bathroom, standing feet away from a woman she barely knew, but who also happened to be the only person besides her mom and the three boys today that had ever seen her bare breasts. Was Molly giving genuinely good advice, or making an offer?

No, Sandy thought. That was crazy. Obviously Molly was just trying to help. She was a married woman, a professional, and was about as different from Sandy as she could possibly be. Even if Molly was into women, she could have much more beautiful partners than Sandy.

Molly had kept talking, oblivious to the confusion she'd created. But Sandy wasn't hearing her. Instead, she was starting to focus on herself, and the nervous, tingly feeling that was spreading through her body as she thought about the mere possibility of Molly having a sexual interest in her. Sandy felt her nipples hardening, and confirmed it by checking them in the mirror. It was nerve-wracking moment, but Sandy decided she had to try something, hopeless and dangerous as it seemed.

"Could you help me get it out of my hair?" Sandy asked over her shoulder. She had cleaned up all of the cum from her body except for the drops clinging in her hair, and whatever had dribbled onto her pants.

Molly came into the bathroom, but was shocked when she saw that Sandy was still topless, and was making no effort to cover up. The girl was always so shy, so why the boldness now? Or had they been through enough today to reach this new level of friendship and intimacy? After all, it wasn't so uncommon for even young girls to casually see each other naked.

Sandy handed Molly a brush and a washcloth, and Molly went to work, though there was very little to do. Only a few scattered drops here and there. Most of them weren't on the back of her head, either, so Molly had to get closer and lean in to try and rub out the drops of sperm in the front. She started at Sandy's bangs, then worked down one side, then the other.

Sandy didn't do much with her hair. It was straight, black, and long. But Molly thought it looked quite beautiful up close. Very shiny, and full. As she moved down, she saw that the strands of hair ended almost exactly at the girl's nipples, and it was then that she noticed those very nipples were hard and erect. She looked at Sandy, but Sandy only kept watching in the mirror. So Molly looked to the mirror, and through the reflection, their eyes locked. Nothing was said, but a lot of questions were asked. And at least one was answered.

Molly went back to work, washing out the last of the cum with the cloth, then started with the brush. She ran it through Sandy's long, black strands, going slow but strong. She heard Sandy let out the quietest of moans a couple times, but otherwise all was dead quiet in the tiny bathroom. Molly took a long time brushing Sandy's hair. She was nervous about what might happen when she stopped. She didn't want to do anything with this young, obviously impressionable girl. But she couldn't deny that the flutter that was in her stomach when she had first started up with Karen that one night was there again.

Molly stopped brushing and the two looked into each other's eyes through the mirror. Sandy made the first move, and Molly was too stunned and scared to do anything but watch. Sandy unfastened her pants, shrugged them off her hips, then let them drop to the floor.

Molly just stared. And then Sandy began to slip her panties down, revealing a fat, bald pussy.

"Sandy, I..."

"Can you help me?" Sandy asked. Her voice gave away her nervousness. "Or at least tell me what I'm doing wrong?"

Molly said nothing. But Sandy took that as an acceptance, and so she pulled her pants back up and led Molly up the stairs to her bedroom.

Sandy was at least as shocked by her own behavior as Molly was. But Molly had been so nice to her, and most of all she'd been understanding. She had only chastised her a little for giving those punk kids blowjobs, and that was to be expected from even the most understanding best friend. But most of what Molly had to say was said in terms of helping her, not making her feel stupid or that her needs were trivial. This was what kept Sandy going up the stairs and into the bedroom.

But what got her naked was the surprisingly good feeling that washed over her. She was very shy, and the shy part of her didn't like being naked. But the sexual part of her liked it very, very much. Just like when she'd been with the boys. Showing off her breasts had helped release one sexual energy, and brought life to a new one. Showing Molly her vagina in the bathroom had instantly got her dripping.

Sandy led Molly into the bedroom, to the end of the bed. Molly sat down and waited, still shocked beyond words. Sandy stripped down to nothing, moving fast because, despite how good getting naked felt, it was still frightening. But she faced the fear head on, and when completely naked, Sandy came to the bed, sat next to Molly, leaned back a little, and nervously spread her legs. For Sandy, it was no or ever. She'd done all she could. Now the ball was in the other woman's court. 

Molly couldn't make eye contact, either because eyes were too personal at the moment, or the sight of the young meaty vagina was too amazing to look away. In spite of how bad she knew this was, Molly knew she couldn't reject Sandy even if she wanted to. She had just said that even girl friends can help each other out. And Sandy needed a friend. And the poor girl certainly never opened herself up like this for anyone else before. It would have been traumatic for her to be turned down, right?

Molly raised a hand and slowly reached for the soft, wet flesh between Sandy's quivering legs. Upon touching her, Molly felt instant heat. Sandy was very wet. And so, Molly realized, was she.

Molly then realized she'd been tricked, whether on purpose or not. Sandy had said she wanted Molly to tell her what she was doing wrong, as if she would masturbate herself and Molly would just look on. But somehow Sandy had invited Molly to do the touching, and Molly had inadvertently accepted the invitation.

When her fingers found the young girl's hard clit, Molly decided that she was glad it had turned out this way. Sandy moaned and shivered at Molly's touch, but then they melted together, Molly's hand slipping further down, her fingers already glistening from the young girl's wetness by the time they pushed inside her. Molly slid one finger in right away, but soon added a second. She tried to go slow, not wanting to go too deep too fast, but this only teased Sandy. The girl rolled her hips against Molly's palm, wanting more and wanting it now. Molly could do nothing but oblige.

She finger fucked the young girl. It wasn't just Molly's fingers that were thrusting in and out of the tight, sopping, sucking hole; her wrist was in on the action, and then her whole arm worked to give Sandy the best finger thrashing of her life. Sitting side by side, the positioning at first had been fine for a teasing-caliber fingering, but to really give it to her, Molly needed to turn around, use her other hand, and face her partner. And so she did.

Sandy was crying out and gasping the whole time. She had never had a problem getting pleasure from masturbation. In fact, she'd spent entire evenings moaning, sweating, thrashing and bucking against her hand or a toy, clinging to the edge of what was sure to be an incredible orgasm; she'd just never quite reached that final explosion. So having Molly do this to her felt great, and the thrill of it being not just another person but another woman made it all the better.

Molly was standing, leaning over Sandy who laid out on her back on the bed, her legs spread high and wide, her plump belly and pointy tits jiggling, nipples pointing toward the ceiling. Molly's hand cupped Sandy's crotch as she dug her fingers inside and pounded the young cunt. The girl was so wet, it was easy to go fast and deep despite how tight the pussy was, and the squishing sounds it made as the fingers jerked into it filled the room.

Since Molly was fully clothed, a part of her still tried to pretend this wasn't about attraction. It was just a friend helping a friend. She knew she was still discovering her lesbian side, but this didn't count. Karen had been young, but Sandy was younger, and much less experienced.

But Molly couldn't outrun the truth for long. It was cold outside, but in the house even the naked girl on the bed was sweating by now. And Molly still had all her clothes on, including the warm uniform jacket. The added heat caused Molly more shortness of breath than she might have otherwise had, and it helped her fall into the trap this girl had unconsciously set. Beads of sweat trickled down Molly's forehead. Her upper lip was moist. She was breathing harder and harder, and the exertion of finger banging Sandy wasn't helping. She tried changing positions, putting her free hand on Sandy's shoulder to try and take off some of the weight of leaning over her, but that only put more of Molly's skin in contact with Sandy's young, slippery flesh. Though she made a mental note not to do it, Molly gave up on the shoulder and moved to hold Sandy's sweaty, bouncing breast.

Soon the short breaths were too frequent, and Molly was just too overheated both physically and mentally. She took her hands off Sandy and threw off her coat, but the rush and the intense feeling of stripping even just a jacket in front of the sexed up girl was too much, and Molly found herself unbuttoning her uniform shirt. Her nervous fingers fumbled at the buttons, and after taking way too long to get three undone, she just ripped the rest off and tossed her shirt back off her shoulders, not caring that it still trapped her arms around the elbows.

Then Molly jumped onto Sandy, thrusting her breasts, huge and perfect and still trapped by her bra, into Sandy's face. Molly's hand was back between Sandy's thighs, fucking away, her thumb now rubbing the girl's clitoris furiously. Molly's instinct had been to kiss the girl, but she held off, still trying to resist giving herself away fully. She still felt guilty about doing this with someone was almost a minor. But she also felt a overwhelming rush of pleasure as Sandy tugged Molly's bra down, freeing her big, swinging breasts, and then taking one into her wide mouth and suckling it as if starving.

Molly pawed at Sandy's smaller, less perfect but no less enticing breasts. Molly's boobs were big, heavy, and full orbs that would make any man turn his head. Sandy's, though half Mollys' age, were less than half as big, and were pointy and fleshy instead of round and full. Still, Molly loved the way they felt in her hands, and she couldn't wait to fit as much as of each one of them into her mouth. She salivated at the thought, and her cunt throbbed.

But Molly was getting ahead of herself. She needed to take control. This wasn't about sex. It was about helping this poor girl get an orgasm. Molly had interrupted a chance. Then she'd offered, more or less, to help. But it was just supposed to be a simple thing. Full on sex was much more complicated. Molly needed to slow things down and concentrate. As good as this all felt, it would be more appropriate to just get Sandy her climax, and then be done with it all. That was how it needed to be.

And concentrate Molly did. Though it was almost painful to keep herself from going further on, Molly kept finger fucking Sandy enthusiastically while letting the girl slobber all over her breasts. Even that felt good enough to keep Molly panting, but she promised that was all the further she'd go.

Sandy, meanwhile, was feeling about as good as she ever had. Molly was driving her crazy with her fingers in her pussy, and had made her so wet that her ass was soaked from sitting on the saturated bedspread. And when Molly had opened her shirt and pushed her breasts in her face, Sandy was shocked but excited that this afternoon was going to take her places she never before imagined. Those big, white breasts were suddenly the only thing Sandy wanted, and no matter how much she licked them, how hard she sucked them, or how much of the milky flesh she fit between her lips, Sandy just couldn't get enough. She burrowed her face in Molly's cleavage, smearing her own saliva all over herself, only to lick and lick some more.
