 Emma put the car in gear and slipped Lynyrd Skynyrd into the CD player. I slumped against the door letting the strains of southern rock soothe my sated body as the gloriously memories of the last two hours bombarded my brain. The music was smooth and laid back and just what I needed. Man, what a fucking trip Sappho's had been. Wow, there were so many unbelievable things about that place. I definitely wanted Emma to take me there again. Being her date in that place was amazing. Most amazing though was learning how much of a major player Emma is. Learning about her secret side was on hell of a surprise, but being part of her world was one hell of a thrill ride. My body was still tingling.

We'd barely gotten out of the parking lot and I was still caught up in the buzz from Sappho's when Emma stopped the car snickering to herself. She blew me a kiss as she smiled coyly and adjusted all the outlets at my titties. Then she triumphantly flipped the AC on high. The ice cold air bombarded my bare nipples. Damn, she loved her little games. Actually I loved them too. She had that special knack for making things exciting. 

Emma giggled and pressed the accelerator. My nipples hardened under the onslaught of the frigid air. Emma busied herself with driving and I was content to just to ride and let the music wash over me. I needed the time to re-energize after the barrage of shattering orgasms Emma brought me to. The little dildo in my panties was silent which was nice for now. I kept replaying the events of the last two hours in my brain. So much had happened and small vignettes of my glorious experiences kept appearing in full Technicolor. The thoughts and images made me quiver and I felt moist again. I wouldn't soon forget my first trip to Sappho's. It was one hell of an adventure. 

The city disappeared behind us and we traveled through the scenic rolling hills of the country side. I didn't have any idea where we were going and I didn't care. My day had been wonderful so far and I looked forward to wherever we were going. I suppose I should have been more aware of where Emma was taking me, but there's no excitement in that. So far Emma had proved to be quite creative in our travel agenda. I didn't see any reason that any of that would change now. Wherever we were going I knew she would be in control and I'd do whatever I was told to do. That's who I wanted to be. The thought made me warm and fuzzy.

As I watched the trees zip by I stopped thinking about the morning fun and began wondering what our next stop held in store me. Emma hadn't given me any hint other than to say we had a big day ahead of us. So far she hadn't spoken at all during the ride and she was smiling like she was very happy. The frigid air made my bare nipples hard and pointy. From time to time she would sneak a quick glance at my tits and reach over to tweak one of my very hard nipples. It was heavenly. It was so naughty being her slutty little sex toy. 

We drove what seemed like forever, and then Emma turned down a narrow one lane road that went on and on. Wherever east Jesus was, we were farther out than that. Finally she slowed and turned into a long tree lined driveway up to a circular turnaround in front of a huge, very impressive Colonial style mansion. 

Emma stared at me for a minute like she was going to say something, but said nothing. She climbed out of the car and came around, opened my door and took my leash. I stood and she kissed me softly and whispered in my ear, "You don't need the skirt or the bra, leave them in the car." I didn't hesitate. I unbuttoned the skirt and let it fall and quickly unfastened the bra. I stood there in my heels and the special rubber panties and smiled at her. I bent down and picked the skirt up, folded it and laid it and the bra on the seat. I felt good being naked, well almost. I didn't totally grasp why, but the situation was fucking exhilarating. 

Emma walked slowly like a fashion model with me in tow. It seemed like she was swaying her hips more, or something. The sensation of the weight of the leash tugging against my neck heightened my sexual consciousness. It was heady stuff. I followed behind her relishing the leash attached to my collar. I marveled again at Emma's grace. As she climbed each step her dress flashed open, baring her legs all the way to her beautiful ass. Damn she was one sexy lady and I realized just how very lucky I was. 

She pressed her finger against the bell and immediately the ornate leaded glass door opened. I followed Emma through the doorway and stood slightly behind her like a good slut should. We were met by a petite lady with mysteriously dark, huge almond shaped eyes and closely cropped platinum hair with an unruly tuft in the front. Damn, she could easily have passed for Annie Lennox. Her looks were so unique that I couldn't take my eyes off of her. 

She was wearing a beautifully tailored black skirt, clunky black heels and a form fitting starched white blouse. The blouse showed off her huge rack quite impressively. The top three buttons were undone and all you could see was her gorgeous deep cleavage. Her skin was creamy white and went perfectly with her hair. She wasn't wearing makeup that I could see and although she was almost plain, she was absolutely alluring and mystifying as hell. I was captivated by her. So far today was a red letter day when it came to infatuating women.

They embraced each other the way lovers do hugging affectionately and staring into each other's eyes for a long minute before they pressed their lips together. They were breathing hard as their tongues darted back and forth and their hands roamed slowly all over each other's body. Emma squeezed the woman to her tightly and their huge tits pressed softly against each other. Tit flesh mashed delightfully away from between their bodies. Damn, it was captivating watching their huge tits press against each other. Watching them kiss was totally pornographic. It made me tingle and get warm and fuzzy. When they finished kissing and petting, Emma whispered softly, "Lenore, this is Amy." 

Lenore smiled and actually looked at me for the first time since I walked in. She took the leash from Emma and smirked as she looked me up and down through partly closed eyes. Even in heels Lenore was two or three inches shorter than me, but she had a very commanding presence. She gave me the dildo handle and smiled coyly as she slowly circled me doing her examination. I liked the way she looked at me. She made me feel sexy and it excited the shit out of me. It was sort of the same feeling I had when I walked into Sappho's. I was on display again, and I undoubtedly liked it. Emma was smiling at me. She obviously liked what was going on too and that made my heart flutter. 

Finally Lenore was finished and gave the leash back to Emma and stood next to her, "So this is your Amy?" She had a bit of an English accent that fit her perfectly. It felt odd yet so pleasing the way she said "your". Lenore moved closer and I could feel her warm breath on me. She ran her hand down my back and onto the rubber panties, "I agree Emma; she has quite a lovely body. Nice round tits and a very tight ass. " 

Lenore's finger tips caused chill bumps to spring up all over my body. She snickered as if she thought about an inside joke, "Making her wear these panties is a nice kinky touch. So many fun things you can do with them. I hope they got a good work out."

Lenore stared at me for a bit more from different angles and then she announced, "I think the panties should go. They're just going to get in the way."

Lenore slid her knee between my legs forcing them open. Her sudden action surprised me yet honestly was a huge fucking turn on. The need between my legs seemed uncontrollable all of a sudden. I looked to Emma and she smiled as she watched. She liked the little show that was going on. Lenore put her fingers inside the waist band and rolled the panties down. When she got to the crotch Lenore forced my thighs a bit wider as she deftly removed the vibrator from inside my gapping drenched pussy. Her probing, intimate touches were thrilling. She had me shaking so much I thought my knees were going to buckle. Fuck, I was gasping for breath and my heart was pounding. My horny meter was red lining. She kept pushing the panties down until they finally fell to the floor. 

Lenore looked toward Emma and then back at the underwear, "Looks like they were put to very good use. They're gooey and wet." She looked me up and down again as her delicate fingers danced at the top of my shiny slit, "She has big beautiful pussy lips." 

Her light touch was so electrifying. Lenore looked at Emma, "I need one last look at her." She turned back to me, "Spread your legs and bend over. Pull your ass cheeks apart." 

Damn, this should have been embarrassing, but it wasn't. As I reached back to spread my cheeks my pulse started to pound and my heart was hammering even harder. Fuck, I loved spreading my ass for her and pulled my cheeks open as wide as I could. Lenore slid behind me and touched my anus softly, "My, she has a cute little rosebud too." 

Emma smiled proudly. Apparently the inspection was done. Lenore snapped, "Victor is waiting for us in the shop. Let's run along."

I felt a tug on my leash and we followed Lenore through the beautifully appointed house. It was decadent being naked while they were still fully clothed. The cool air drifting between my thighs felt sexy and naughty. We passed beautiful antiques and expensive period pieces in all the rooms and then went down a short set of steps and walked to the end of the hallway. Lenore slid a heavy wooden door to the side and we walked into a large dimly lit room that was not your normal basement. This place was built for a definite purpose. All kinds of hardware lined the walls and chains and ropes hung from numerous hooks. There was a pulley with chains attached hanging from hardware mounted on the ceiling. The shelves on the other wall contained all manner of leather restraints, blindfolds, ball gags and other stuff that I had no idea what it was for. Lenore announced, "Victor, we're here."

I heard a sound from the corner and a huge bald man stepped out of the shadows. He was gigantic and he was imposing as hell. Fuck, he had to be at least six feet six or so, and hugely muscular with a massive chest. But, all that took a total back seat to the gigantic cock that so conspicuously ran along his right thigh under his white stretch pants. Jesus, it was huge. Immediately I thought it couldn't be real. It was some kind of gag they were pulling to scare me. If it was real, oh my god! I mean it was way bigger than Derek no matter how you measured it. I don't know what was in store, but just the thought of seeing it in the flesh was exciting. 

Victor's face was soft and kind, yet serious. I gazed up and down his beautiful body, taking in his well toned muscles. He was one hell of a man who had clearly spent many hours in the gym. His white stretch tee shirt showcased the bulging muscles of his upper body but I just couldn't get passed the bulge that went nearly half way to his knee. I just stared at the outline trying to imagine it in the flesh. At the end of his very thick shaft was definitely something ring-like. It was clearly outlined by the stretchy material. Shit, his cock was pierced. Now I definitely couldn't wait to do some personal inspecting. For now though I was happy just to stare at his monster trouser snake. I mean holy fucking shit. 

Lenore broke the silence, "Our dear friend Emma has brought her gorgeous little slut to us for a very special visit." They nodded and smiled at each other, "They're here to do some special shopping and then continue the little sluts training. I have some thoughts about something maybe she should try out." Victor smiled knowingly and Emma nodded. What did they have in mind?

Victor walked slowly to where the three of us were standing and hugged Emma the same way Lenore had earlier. He was well taller than Emma even in her heels. Emma handed the leash to Lenore freeing both hands to hug Victor. Lenore tugged the leash moving me so we were standing at their side. They were definitely lovers too. We watched Emma slide her tongue into Victor's mouth and the two kissed passionately. Emma shifted her legs so she could straddle Victor's right thigh and his gigantic phallus. He pushed his hips forward and Emma ground her pussy slowly against his dong. Damn, watching the two of them was thrilling. 

They took their time and were in no rush to be through. Their hands wandered over each other's bodies as they kissed and played with each other. When he and Emma had finished saying hello, he turned and sized me up. Emma was still enjoying his embrace as he spoke, "You have very nice taste Emma. We're very pleased that you would bring her to us for these kinds of needs. We will do our best to meet your requirements." His deep, baritone voice went perfectly with his beautiful behemoth body.

Emma smiled up at him, "Victor, you know I have the highest regard for you and Lenore. There's no where other than you that I would come for such things. You both have such special talents." 

Emma nuzzled victor's neck and ground her pussy hard into his penis. He smiled broadly and hugged her back. Her eyes closed and her face contorted as his cock sawed up and down her nearly bare slit. Emma was pretty much ready to fuck him standing up. He pushed his upper body away from her and inquired, "What can we provide you today?"

Emma eyes were slightly closed like she was deep in thought. Her reply was so low I almost didn't make it out, "Definitely some of Lenore's special lingerie and definitely a leather hood of her own." Her voice got louder, "She was wearing one of mine last night when Derek fucked her virgin ass." She was gaining steam, "You should have seen her squirm when I blindfolded her. When he started pushing his big fat cock in her she really started struggling, but once he had her ass spread and filled with his meat, she really got into it. He rewarded her by fucking her good and finished her off by pumping her full of cum." Lenore and Victor smiled and shook their heads knowingly. 

At first, hearing Emma tell the about Derek fucking my ass was shocking, but as the wonderful memories flooded back and I could almost feel Derek spreading my ass wide open and leaving it gaping open with his cum oozing out. I could feel my nipples get hard thinking about it. 

Lenore tugged on the leash, "Let's get things going dearie." She led me to the middle of the room where a chain hung down from overhead. Lenore softly brushed the hair off my neck as she removed the leash and attached the heavy chain to the D-ring on my collar. Once she was satisfied, she adjusted the chain and removed all of the slack. 

I felt like I was going to explode and I scanned the room taking everything in. Un...fucking...believable! I was naked and chained to the ceiling in a real life dungeon. Fuck me! My heart was beating like a jackhammer and my breathing was erratic. Damn I wasn't in Kansas anymore. This place was the real deal, not role playing like last night in Emma's bed. I was so fucking turned on that confused me a bit, but I loved it. I could hardly believe what was going on and I needed to get myself under control. I really didn't want to pass out and fuck this whole thing up. Damn, what a fucking rush! I was in Lenore's control and I couldn't wait to see what would happen next. 

Lenore stood silently behind me rubbing my shoulders and back. She put her hands on my hips and then slid them slowly around me, leisurely rubbing my tummy just above my pussy. Her hands were soft as feathers. She definitely was in no hurry. Neither was I. She kissed my shoulders delicately and took her time fondling me. Her hands slowly roamed over my body; my ears, my face, my arms, and my thighs. She took extra time with my ass and tits and seemed to enjoy the crack of my ass one hell of a lot. Damn, her fingers felt like magic. I was breathing hard. I was in heaven.

I glanced toward Emma through half closed eyes. She was still locked in Victor's huge arms leisurely humping his horse cock. They were both watching and Emma was beaming with pride at me. Lenore hands moved back to my bare tits and she squeezed them. It felt wonderful and I responded by pushing my ass against her softly. She hefted my tits in her tiny palms, weighing them. Then she pinched each nipple, increasing the pressure slowly sending bolts of electricity from my nipples to my pussy. It's hard to describe the feeling that enveloped me. There was definitely a little pain, but I was so turned on that I could barely breathe. The sexual energy I felt was overpowering. I was so turned on that it felt like ants were crawling all over my body. My pussy started to throb that wonderful familiar feeling that told me to enjoy the feelings, wonderful things were going to happen. 

Lenore stopped playing with my tits and kissed my neck softly. Then she moved away and went to the shelves. She returned with two sets of black leather restraints. My eyes got big and heart beat even harder. I watched intently as she cradled each of my arms and secured the soft leather tightly around my wrists and then bent down and did the same with my ankles. I savored the wonderful light touches as she delicately fastened the buckles on each restraint. The wide leather bracelets were soft and comforting in a weird kinky way. Just the thought of me being in this situation was such a turn on. My nipples were as hard as diamonds. I snuck a peek at Emma and Victor. They were still wrapped in each other's arms and she was still working his cock. This was crazy.

Having the restraints on my ankles and wrists was utter excitement. I knew my pussy was leaking again because I could feel the gooey liquid oozing onto my thighs. Damn, what a fucking slut I was. I mean just how much pussy juice can one person produce? Lenore reached for her tape measure, but turned away from me like she'd forgotten something. She went back to the shelf and rooted around until she found what she wanted. She returned with a leather belt that was at least eight or ten inches wide and had fasteners about every two inches or so in the front. She put the soft leather around my waist, situated it where she wanted it and cinched the three shiny buckles tightly. I could barely breathe and I was trembling. I'm sure Lenore could hear my heart pounding. Without any words, she attached both of my wrists to the leather belt. Oh fuck, I thought I was going to orgasm right then and there. What a fucking high. 

Lenore stood in front of me and looked directly up into my eyes and reading my mind as she whispered, "You absolutely love this don't you slut?" I was so tongue tied I couldn't speak so I just nodded yes to her. 

She moved as close as she could get and pressed her huge tits against me as her palm covered my vagina. A low moan escaped from my lips and I began feeling light headed. She ran her fingers up my slit and without pausing she pushed all four of her tiny fingers inside, "Fuck Emma, she's drenched. Is she always like this?"

I was in heaven. The smell of leather was intoxicating. I was totally bound and Lenore's fingers were deep in my pussy. I took a quick peek at Emma and Victor. They were still saying "hello" and she broke their kiss long enough to giggle her silly giggle and add, "Fuck Lenore, she's been dripping wet all weekend, and wait till you see the little slut cum." 

Lenore didn't respond. She just sucked my hard nipple into her mouth as her fingers invaded my drenched fuck hole. It was just what I needed. She pulled on my distended lips and diddled my exposed clit. Fuck, what a sensation; being chained and restrained while having your pussy fingered. My clit started to tingle and that familiar feeling started way down in my toes. I moaned softly as my eyes closed to little slits. She finger fucked me faster and faster and I was in pure ecstasy. I yelped and shook as she rubbed my clit in tiny circles. It felt so good, and like the good little slut I was, I opened my legs open even further for her. She turned toward Emma smiling, "Jesus Emma, she's such a slut. I didn't even have to spread her thighs. She did it on her own. You've taught her well." 
