 Elena had been enjoying sunbathing in the tall grassy field, but she finally could no longer ignore the insistent buzzing of a large bee that was just out of her field of vision. It was practically in her ear, but she still couldn't see it. Waving a lazy hand around, she hoped that the insect would be warded away - but no dice. It just kept coming back at her: "buzz, buzz, buzz, buzz..." then after a moment it would start again: "buzz, buzz, buzz, buzz..."

Elena groaned in frustration. She really didn't want to have to get up and move. The ground was remarkably soft and she felt wonderful. But that damn bee wouldn't stop. Finally, Elena started to sit up...

She was disoriented for several moments as she struggled back from a very deep sleep. She wasn't in a field at all - she was in a very big, soft bed in a room that she didn't recognize. All at once, the last 24 hours came rushing back to her and she dropped back into the pillows with a delighted little giggle.

Buzz, buzz, buzz, buzz.

Elena looked to her left at the side table next to the bed, and saw her cell phone vibrating across the surface. 

Oh my god! It has to be Pam. She felt very guilty and her face flushed scarlet. What time is it? Scrambling across the massive bed, she grabbed the phone and checked the time - it was 3:35PM. She had four missed calls, two voicemail messages and four text messages awaiting her. Elena read the messages in reverse chronological order:

3:34PM

OK. I'M REALLY STARTING TO GET WORRIED! WHERE THE F**K ARE YOU? I AM ABOUT TO CALL THE POLICE. CALL ME. NOW.

2:52PM

SERIOUSLY? ARE YOU EVER COMING UP FOR AIR? JUST LET ME KNOW THAT YOU'RE OKAY AND IF YOU PLAN TO COME MEET US FOR DINNER.

1:33PM

SO WHERE ARE YOU? WE ARE GOING TO A PESCATORIA IN OIA TONITE. ARE YOU GOING TO BE BACK IN TIME? YOU CAN BRING THE PAIR OF STUDS, IF YOU WANT. LOL. AROUND 10PM. BUT CALL ME EITHER WAY.

11:44PM

HEY SLUT! CALL ME. WAS IT FUN? I NEED TO HEAR THE DIRTY DETAILS. I'LL GIVE YOU THIS: WHEN YOU GO WILD YOU REALLY GO WILD! I'M KIND OF IMPRESSED. CALL ME.

She quickly selected Pam's mobile number and bit the end of her thumb as the phone began to ring. It was picked up before the first ring tone had ended.

"OH... My... God! Don't ever fucking do that to me again!" Pam's voice sounded shaky, like she was near to tears. A condition that Elena had only seen once in the eight years she'd known her. 

"I'm so, so sorry - please don't be mad at me. I wasn't blowing you off - I just fell asleep and only now heard my phone-" Pam impatiently cut her off.

"Do you have any idea how scared I was? Last night, we left you sandwiched between two strange men. We left you! In a foreign country where YOU DON'T EVEN SPEAK THE LANGUAGE. What the hell were we thinking?! What were you thinking? Thank god you're okay. Are you okay? Do you need me to come get you?"

The realization that her normally cynical friend was just worried sick about her was perversely heart-warming. Elena pushed down the desire to laugh at Pam's theatricality and at the notion that Adonis or Petros could ever hurt her. 

"Do you want me to answer any of these questions, or are you planning to have this conversation all by yourself?" Elena softened this with a cute little giggle. "I'm happy to wait until you're done, if you have more..."

"Sarcasm? You're giving me sarcasm? After what you put us through? I may be forced to kill you myself!" Elena was immediately contrite.

"You're right. You're right. I know. I'm sorry. Seriously, I am. But not only am I okay, I've never been this happy or had this much fun in my entire life. Not ever. So you can relax."

"Grrr. I'm still mad at you. But fine - you're so LUCKY that I'm dying to know what went on last night. AND half of today. So c'mon, give. What happened?"

"Uh... well, it's sort of hard to tell you everything..." Elena frowned, her heart conflicted. She didn't want to expose too much about Adonis and Petros. She realized that she felt extremely protective of them - that she didn't want to betray their trust or violate their privacy. But then again, Pam was her best friend and they - up to now - had no secrets from one another.

Elena hadn't even realized that she'd made a decision on how to handle this until she began speaking: "Suffice it to say that last night was the single most amazing night of my life. Adonis and Petros are completely wonderful, and their villa is amazing..."

"So those are their names - Adonis and Petros? Wait! They live together?!"

"Well, yes, they're brothers..." Elena began, only to be interrupted again.

"WHAT?!! Brothers? Are you kidding me?" She was squealing into the phone so loudly that Elena had to momentarily pull it away from her ear.

"Half brothers - but yes. Dude, they are really incredible. And this house is spectacular."

"Where is it?" Pam asked, too impatient to wait for Elena to tell the story her own way.

"Up on the Caldera." Elena briefly outlined the beauty and location of the house, commenting on the amazing view, pool and the luxurious décor.

"Forget the damn house!" Exclaimed her friend. "I want to know about the sex. Which one did you end up with - or was it both of them, as I predicted?"

"Look, I can't really get into it now - but they are both really wonderful. I wouldn't know how to choose between them even if I wanted to..."

"YES! I knew it. You dirty little slut." The harshness of the words was completely negated by her playful and clearly envious tone. "I cannot believe that Miss "butter wouldn't melt in her mouth" has become part of a threesome. Way to go Elena! What's next - full on orgies?"

"Okay, okay. Take it easy..." Elena was pretty uncomfortable with the idea that this was somehow deviant behavior or that she was moving into some sort of alternative lifestyle.

"OMG - wait: They don't do each other, do they?!" Pam asked this in a sort of stage whisper.

"Jesus! No! Seriously - stop it. You're making this sound disgusting and it totally is not like that. They don't - they wouldn't - ugh! I'm not going to tell you anything else if you're going to act like a juvenile."

"Okay, I'm sorry - but I had to ask, didn't I?" 

Elena was still irritated. "No, frankly, you didn't have to. I mean it: don't talk about these guys like that - not to me or to anyone, alright? I'm serious!"

"Sheesh, fine. Relax. Boy, you are really into these guys, aren't you?"

"Yes, I am." Elena said quietly.

There was a bit of silence on the other end as Pam digested this latest bit of information. She finally sighed, as if capitulating in some way.

"Okay, got it. I promise - I won't make fun of it anymore. Satisfied?"

Elena laughed out loud at the word, given the circumstances, so she couldn't resist responding with a fake southern drawl: "Darlin', I've never been so satisfied in my entire life..." And they both began to giggle like schoolgirls.

Before hanging up, Elena promised to ask the brothers if they wanted to join Pam and her other three friends for dinner that evening. She also told Pam that she may be returning to the hotel to get her things and check out, since it didn't make sense to pay for a room she wasn't using. She elected to tackle the more difficult subject of staying behind in Greece indefinitely at a later time - preferably when they were face to face. She'd dropped enough bombshells on her friend for one conversation, she reasoned.

After she ended the call and put her mobile phone back on the nightstand, Elena slipped out from under the covers and got out of bed. She was still naked. One of the men must have carried her to this room, she mused. Elena was amazed that she'd slept through that, but then realized that she'd had very little sleep the night before and all the lovemaking had certainly exhausted her - both physically and emotionally. She stretched her body languidly, rising up on her toes and reaching her arms up toward the cavernous ceiling. Her thighs and nether regions ached rather deliciously and she felt incredibly sexy. Just thinking about her boys, as she was starting to think of them, made her nipples hard and caused that now-so-frequent wetness between her legs. She could not stop smiling.

Padding across the cool tile floor, she looked around this unfamiliar room. It was not Adonis's room and she didn't think it belonged to Petros, since it appeared to be unoccupied. Perhaps it was a guest room.

There was yet another massive, beautiful antique wardrobe – this one looked French in style, and was a crackled pale blue with painted flowers across the double doors. Ornate brass handles that formed two halves of a rose met at the opening. Elena tentatively pulled the doors open, and found hanging there her new dress from this morning, the red dress she wore last night, a thick terry robe, and a few other beautiful articles of clothing that she hadn't seen before – including a long green silk nightgown and matching kimono, a cream linen shift dress, a black poly jersey swimsuit and a chic black and white striped wrap dress. There were pencil skirts, peasant skirts and a couple of silk blouses, as well. A row of drawers lined the right side of the cabinet, and a peek inside revealed a collection of lace or satin bras and panties in various colors.

A row of shoes lined the bottom of the armoire; high heeled beige pumps, black kitten heel sling backs, a pair of strappy stiletto sandals, white lace-up Keds and some ballet flats. Her espadrilles were given a place of honor at the end. A shelf above held a few pairs of blue, white and black jeans, a few cotton tees and neatly stacked lightweight cardigans in several colors.

Elena felt a flutter of nerves in her tummy when she realized that these were all in her sizes. 

"When the hell did you do all of this?" She wondered aloud.

"While you were napping, Agape-mou." Adonis was suddenly there, behind her, so close she could feel his body heat seeping into her skin.

Elena let out a little yelp of fright and spun around at his sudden presence. She never heard him come in.

"Oh my god! You scared me – I didn't know you were here!" Her hands were on her face as she tried to calm herself down.

Adonis laughed lightly and moaned his apology as he reached up and pulled her by the wrists into his arms. Elena gladly sank into his embrace, acutely aware of her own nakedness against his warmth. Goosebumps appeared on her skin in reaction to his raw sexuality.

He was still wearing those alluring old jeans, but he'd since donned a fine linen shirt that was unbuttoned and hanging open, so she slipped her arms inside the fabric in order to feel the taut skin over his muscled torso and back.

"Mmmm." He murmured against her hair. "That is very nice. Did you have a good sleep?" He lifted her chin to look into her eyes.

Elena lost herself for a moment in his impossibly green irises, a slow smile spreading across her face as she took in the full force of his male beauty.

"Mmmmm, yes I did. I feel completely wonderful." 

He leaned in slowly and his lips brushed softly against hers. His hands slid down to the small of her back, and he looked at her under heavy eyelids as he pulled her lower body tightly against his.

"I agree, you do feel wonderful..." he spoke against her mouth in a whisper that sent a shiver down her spine.

Elena laughed breathily – which caused her to open her mouth. Adonis pounced on her now parted lips and kissed her, pushing his probing tongue into her mouth.

She groaned, amazed that she found she needed and wanted him again. Who was she becoming around these men? She had never been this wanton before.

"I am always hungry for you, Elena..." He growled into her neck, just below her ear. She felt a new rush of wetness in her already pulsing pussy. "What are you doing to me?" He asked, but didn't wait for an answer as he pulled her mouth back up to his by grasping a fistful of her wild dark hair.

"Ohhh..." she sighed. "Whatever this is, it's happening to me too! I am insatiable with you." To emphasize her point, she guided one of his hands down to the tender place between her now trembling thighs. Adonis made a hissing sound as his fingers slipped into her weeping folds. He looked down at Elena's flushed face as he began to thrust his fingers deep inside her. She crumbled against him, her head dropping down against his chest.

Adonis scooped her up in his arms. Walking back to the bed, he literally threw her on her back on top of the fluffy comforter. Adonis never took his eyes off her as he shrugged out of the linen shirt and undid the button fly of his jeans. Elena raised herself up onto her elbows, her hair wild and eyes sparkling with heated passion, as she watched his jeans fall to the floor, revealing his impressive erection.

He climbed directly on top of her, pushing her back into the mattress as he kissed her roughly, one hand crushing her right breast. Forcing her thighs apart with his, he pushed his massive cock into her without preamble. Elena fairly shouted with surprise and excitement into his mouth.

Adonis pressed his lips to her ear and ground out through clenched teeth:

"I'm sorry to be so rough, but I could not wait to be inside you, my beautiful girl. Tell me if I'm hurting you." He demanded, as he began to fuck her almost violently.

"You're... not... hurting me! Don't stop... I... love... what... you... are doing... to me!" Elena's words came out in pants because of how Adonis was pounding into her body, and because her breathing was so labored from excitement.

Finally unable to form coherent thoughts, Elena made primal sounds in response to the incredible sensations he was creating inside her. He took hold of her wrists and slammed them back on the bed above her head. She arched up against him, grinding up each time he bottomed out inside her. 

Adonis began making sexy, grunting noises as he pushed into her. Looking into her eyes, he crushed her mouth with his. They kissed as if they'd never be able to kiss again – like the world was ending around them. Time and space fell away as Elena was consumed by his fire. Some far corner of her brain screamed out her absolute joy.

He began saying her name like a fervent prayer – "Elena... Elena... Oh my Elena..."

"Yessss..." she keened in reply. "I am your Elena. Please just take me – take all of me..." She no longer even knew what she was saying.

The tense swirling inside her vagina began to build like a tornado that was gathering momentum. She knew she was going to orgasm wildly and could tell by the way his body was moving and by his own ragged breathing that Adonis was also very close.

"Oh... I'm going to cum, baby!" She breathed into his mouth.

Adonis spoke to her, his voice deep and breaking, in Greek. Elena didn't understand the literal words but understood the intent. He was demanding that she orgasm.

She began to explode with her climax – her voice crying out in a high pitch. Adonis claimed her mouth as if he was breathing life into her – very shortly after he joined her in a shattering ejaculation. He groaned into her mouth as he jerked inside her repeatedly. Elena could feel his seed inside her as their bodies shook against one another, until finally they at long last stilled and relaxed into a clinging embrace. Adonis continued to kiss Elena, but the kisses were softer and more sensual now.

After a long while, he raised his head and gazed down at her -- a thoughtful, but contented smile on his god-like face. 

"S'agapo, Elena." He said softly. He pressed his lips to her eyelids and forehead as he tenderly brushed her hair away from her face.

Softly she asked: "What does that mean – 'sah-ga-po'?" He smiled, and simply leaned down to kiss her lips once more.

Elena had an epiphany: God, I love this man. As she acknowledged this fact to herself, she marveled that she had no fear and no expectation of reciprocity. How incredible, she thought – to love without doubt, without selfishness. She loved, and that was a gift unto itself.

As Adonis rested his head in the curve of her shoulder, she protectively raised one arm and stoked his silky thick hair. He threaded the fingers of his left hand into her other hand. They stayed like that, in an intimate silence, listening to the sounds of the surf crashing below. Somewhere outside, a stray cat mewed sweetly.