 After a time, Adonis slipped out of Elena. Emitting a vastly contented sigh he dropped down on the mattress to her side, facing her. She turned toward him, huddling close to the warmth of his beautiful body. 

"Is this my room?" She asked softly. He moved a stray curl away from her face, tucking it behind her ear.

"Only if you want it to be." His voice was hoarse, and barely above a whisper. His eyes searched her face.

"You don't want me to sleep in your room?" Her voice was very small, and she couldn't bring herself to look into his eyes for fear that she'd see something discouraging there. As if sensing her insecurity, he lifted her chin toward him with gentle fingers so she would have no choice but to look at him. Adonis laughed lightly planted a soft, tender kiss on her forehead.

"Of course I want you in my room. I want you with me all the time. But so does Petros. We couldn't decide, so we thought it would only be fair to give you a room of your own. Elena, my darling, this is all up to you."

Elena looked into his hypnotic jade eyes and was momentarily lost. She thought about how impossible it would be to choose between them. She loved Adonis passionately and purely. But she had to admit to herself, as improbable as it might have seemed, that she loved Petros too. Somehow, the emotions she felt were too big to be confined to just one of them - they involved them both. It was in some ways very confusing, but in other ways it was the simplest, most natural thing in the world.

"You bought all of those clothes and things for me?" She was running one finger across the ripples in his upper abdomen.

"Yes. Don't you like them?" His eyes became slightly guarded, but Elena was staring fixedly at his chest and didn't see the slight tension develop in his face.

"Of course I like them - they're beautiful. They are exactly the kinds of things I would buy for myself if I could. Who picked them out?"

"We both did. It was fun, actually."

"But you don't have to buy me things. I want you to know that." Her lungs felt too tight in her chest. She heard him sigh before he answered.

"We know that. We bought them because we wanted to, Elena-mou. We enjoyed it. I don't think that anyone has spoiled you, or taken care of you, for a very long time. Am I right?"

To her surprise, tears sprung up in her eyes and her throat hurt from suppressed emotion. Unable to speak, Elena mutely nodded.

"That is tragic, my lovely girl. A woman like you should be shown how much she is cared for, every day. It will be our pleasure to spoil you for a while." His hand again moved her chin up to compel her to look into his eyes. They were dark with some emotion, and a slight frown creased his handsome brow. Elena wanted to smooth it away with her lips. He was quite earnest as he continued.

"But know this: we do it for us - for our own happiness. Staying here with us does not come with any strings - not of any kind. You are not obliged to be with us like this." His hand moved back and forth between their bodies, indicating what he meant by 'like this'.

"Obliged?!" She exclaimed. Now it was her time to laugh indulgently. "How can you think that I - that anyone - would be with you out of obligation? Don't you know what you are? I'm frankly amazed that you find me even remotely attractive - you could have anyone you wanted. Let's be honest - I'm not even in your league. You-"

She was abruptly cut off as Adonis crushed her mouth with his. He rolled back on top of her, trapping her on the bed. One of his hands held the back of her head, while the other wrapped around her body. He pressed hard against her.

Elena gasped as he finally came up for air. His frown had deepened - he looked almost angry. Despite herself, a tiny thrill ran down her spine at the sight of a stormy Adonis.

"Don't you ever say - or even think - anything like that about yourself again. Do you understand me?" She stared up mutely, trying to think of how to better explain what she meant. 

"Elena!" He said sharply - shaking her into the mattress with frustration. "Answer me - tell me that you will never degrade yourself again." He continued to look fiercely at her - clearly awaiting an answer of some sort.

"I don't know what you're asking of me - what are you saying?" Elena was confused, but above all wanted to please him.

He groaned in frustration. "I want you to see what we see; that you are an incredibly beautiful, sexy, intelligent and compassionate woman. That you are a fucking fantasy. It is we, Elena, who are not really worthy of you. If you only knew..!"

Adonis groaned and kissed her again - this time with something akin to reverence. Elena's head was swimming with a variety of emotions. As he raised his head to regard her again, she was unconsciously shaking her head slowly, as if rejecting his words, even as she wished fervently to believe them. 

Speaking more gently, his ire greatly dissipated, he said almost desperately: "I won't have it. I won't have you thinking this way about yourself. If it takes the rest of our lives, we will teach you that you are one of the most remarkable, most desirable women in the world."

Elena closed her eyes and pressed her fingers to his lips. It was too much. 

"Please..." she begged him, but she didn't know for what. 

"Please what, my darling?" His lips spoke against hers.

Elena stifled a sob, and turned her head away. She was overcome. She didn't understand why she could not seem to control her emotions - there was something about these men that laid her bare - more naked than she'd ever been in her life. It frightened and exhilarated her at the same time.

"Please don't say things like that to me... I can't - I don't know how to process all of this... and oh... Please don't be angry with me - " Tears were streaming down her face and Elena was mortified. She didn't cry very often and felt ashamed of her current behavior.

"Shhhhh..." Adonis held her tightly, his lips against her forehead. "I am not angry with you! I'm sorry my baby, I am not trying to upset you - I get carried away by my feelings. We don't have to talk about this - don't cry, my beautiful girl. I am a monster - I'm so sorry Elena-mou."

Though Elena was still feeling idiotic, struggling to control her sudden crying jag, she snorted as Adonis called himself a monster.

"Yeah sure, you are a monster. Give me a break... I'm sorry, Adonis - I don't know what is wrong with me or why I'm crying - I never cry."

He was brushing away her tears and kissing her wet cheeks, when he rolled off of her and sat up in bed as a thought struck him.

"Oh my god - you haven't even eaten anything today, have you?"

Elena frowned, trying to remember - she was about to have breakfast when they offered her the studio. In all the excitement, she never did eat anything - she'd only had a little coffee.

"Uhhh - I guess not. So this is just low blood sugar, I guess." That rather simple explanation made her feel better - a bit less foolish.

Adonis had leapt out of bed and was pulling his jeans back on. 

"We'll make you something to eat." Walking over to the wardrobe, he pulled the terry robe from its hanger and handed it to Elena as she sat up. He pointed to a door in the corner of the room. "That is your bathroom. Come down to the kitchen when you're ready. You have to remember to eat, pedthi-mou." Depositing a quick kiss on her forehead, he snatched up his discarded shirt and winked at her as he left the room. 

Elena wiped her eyes and slipped her arms into the robe. She hopped down off the enormous bed and made her way into the bathroom. Regarding herself in the mirror, she huffed at how she looked - her eyes red-rimmed and face flushed.

She twisted her hair up on top of her head and ducked into the shower to quickly wash her overheated skin in tepid water. There were two different kinds of body wash and a bar of French lavender soap. The boys have really been busy, she thought.

Toweling off briskly, she skimmed on some of the fresh-scented moisturizer she found in the mirrored cabinet, and let her hair back down. It was a tiny bit wilder than usual - it definitely looked like "after sex hair". She laughed at herself before padding barefoot back into the bedroom to put something on. Elena quickly selected a matching peach satin underwear and bra, and stepped into one of the peasant skirts and tee shirts. 

As she headed for the door, she looked over at the very mussed bed linens. She stepped briskly over and straightened the top sheet and comforter, fluffing the pillows. Satisfied that the room had been returned to what must have been its original, perfectly photo-styled state, she wandered out into the hallway. Not sure which way led to the stairway, she randomly struck out to the right. This villa was positively huge! Then, the sound of chopping and clattering pots drifted up toward her, so she followed it and found a curving set of stairs leading down the the ground floor. 

Thoroughly delicious smells were coming from the back of the house, and Elena realized that she was absolutely starving. She literally followed her nose and found Adonis completely preoccupied with pan searing some fresh fish and tossing a salad of tomatoes and feta in the vast, immaculate kitchen.

She stood in the doorway, just observing him for a moment - admiring the skill with which he carefully rolled and chopped fresh basil for the salad.

Elena began to step into the kitchen, intending to surprise him, but he turned as if sensing her presence before her foot had even landed on the floor in front of her.

"Hi - you look pretty! Come and taste this - tell me if it needs salt." He turned and produced a small glass bowl with what looked like a dressing of olive oil and red wine vinegar. Elena approached and dipped her index finger in gently, putting her finger into her mouth.

"Mmmm. It's perfect. I cannot believe that you can cook! This smells absolutely incredible." She exclaimed appreciatively.

"Well, you know, bachelors need to learn these things..." He said with a slight shrug, but she saw him grin, obviously quite pleased that she appreciated his culinary acumen.

"What can I do?" she asked - itching to be useful. Adonis directed her to the plates and flatware, and suggested that she set the table on the patio by the pool. As she walked out, arms laden with the tableware, he shouted after her to asking that she put some music on for them to listen to while they dined.

Elena quite enjoyed this domestic little interlude. It occurred to her as she set their places at the table that these small details of life were so critical - so compelling. Pausing for a moment to refold the linen napkins next to their plates, she smiled to think about all the meals they would be able to share - and all the small moments in a person's life that are often taken for granted, but ought to be more appropriately appreciated.

Making her way through to the large, airy living room area, she sought and then found the stereo system - an impressive, expensive looking set of components inside an antique cabinet. Momentarily at a loss as to how to operate the thing, she paused. She was about to call out for assistance when a pair of strong arms wrapped around her waist. Petros!

She closed her eyes to allow her other senses to take him in as he drew her back against his body. Elena noted that he smelled of lime and basil. His body felt warm, as if he'd been out in the afternoon sun. 

Petros pressed his face into the side of her neck, his lips moving softly upward across her skin in a series of light feathery kisses that made goose bumps emerge on her skin.

"Hi!" she breathed. "Where have you been?"

"Mmmmm." He put his mouth against her ear, which caused a new rush of wetness between her legs. "I had some errands to run. How was your nap, baby girl?"

"Lovely. I dreamed I was sleeping in a field, under the sun." 

At his gentle pressure, Elena turned around to face him and wound her arms around his neck. He bent his knees slightly and then lifted her up, her body falling flush against his. Petros spun her around once as she giggled, then set her back on her feet and pressed his firm lips against hers.

"I missed you." He murmured into her hair. "Is that Adonis cooking lunch? You must be some kind of sorceress or something. He almost never cooks."

Elena laughed and leaned up to kiss Petros on the cheek. He just warmed her - there was something so sunny and uncomplicated about him.

"Yes - he was upset that I hadn't eaten today so he's cooking for me personally. How amazing is that?!" She immediately regretted saying this, because Petros frowned and looked very concerned.

"Oh god! Elena - you didn't eat anything?! You cannot..." She cut him off before he could also lecture her.

"I know - I know - it was an accident, I swear! Your brother already scolded me. It won't happen again, I promise. Now help me here, because I am supposed to be choosing the music, but like all men you have a ridiculously complicated stereo system that apparently can also guide space satellites."

Petros spent the next few minutes explaining how to turn on the various components and dock an MP3 player to play music. He left the choice of music to her, however, saying he was going to talk with Adonis and help with the food.

Elena scanned Petros's music selection, impressed at the size and eclectic nature of his library. He had everything, it seemed. She thought for a moment about what she wanted to hear, and decided that something beautiful and acoustic would be ideal. She chose an album by Segovia, and hoped that the boys would like her selection of classical Spanish guitar.

The melancholy, haunting strains began to echo through the villa, because the sound system was hard wired throughout the entire house. 

As she reentered the kitchen, Adonis and Petros were deep in conversation, rapidly talking in Greek. From the looks of the discussion, the subject was fairly serious. They both looked up when she entered and abruptly stopped talking. 

"Sorry! I didn't mean to interrupt..." She felt pretty awkward, feeling strangely sure that they were discussing her. "Though it's hardly necessary to stop on my account since I can't understand you anyway." She laughed a little uncomfortably at her own lame joke.

Adonis smoothly responded, walking over to Elena to plant a soft kiss on her brow: "You never have to apologize my darling. You are not interrupting anything and this is your house now. It is we who are rude, we should not be speaking in Greek - from now on it's English only, okay?"

Petros chimed in with: "Yes, you are right - we will speak in English."

"No!" Elena exclaimed. They stopped to look at her, curious at this outburst. "I cannot ask that of you - it's totally unfair. Your language is part of who you are - I won't ask you to stop using it. It's the language of Socrates - of Plato - I won't have you restrain yourselves because of my ignorance."

Adonis stroked her cheek, a bemused expression on his face as he asked: "What do you suggest, beautiful girl?"

"Teach me to speak Greek." She said simply. "I already know a few things just from being here a few days: Kali mera, Kali spera, Kali Nikta, Pahme, Nee, Ohee, Agape-mou..."

Adonis looked back at Petros, who was likewise grinning broadly. He clapped his hands together and shouted "Bravo, Elena."

Adonis turned back to her and pulled her into a big bear hug, squeezing her tightly. "Ine kalo." He said, as he kissed her lightly on the lips.

"Now..." he said, "Let's eat. You must be starving to death my lovely girl." He began to steer her out to the patio. 

He added suddenly: "Oh, and by the way - this is a great choice of music for lunch. You have wonderful taste."

Beaming at both of them, Elena agreed. "Yes, I certainly do."

Lunch passed delightfully, with easy banter from the boys and some humorous protests from Elena as they attempted to pile too much food on her plate. Adonis's pan-grilled fish was very fresh and cooked to perfection, drizzled with olive oil and topped with chopped aromatic herbs. Petros produced a bottle of the local Santorini white wine, which paired exceptionally well with the food.

As they finished eating, Elena suddenly remembered that she was supposed to invite them to dinner that evening with Pam and her friends.

She posed the question a little nervously, half afraid that they would refuse and she'd have to face her friends alone. 

Of course, they did not refuse. 

"You want us to come meet your friends, Elena-mou?" Petros asked, clearly pleased. Without waiting for her answer he continued: "Of course we'll come. We want to know the people who are important to you."

Elena looked to Adonis to ensure he agreed, and he was nodding with Petros - an uncomplicated and happy expression on his face.

For a moment, she wondered what it might be like to see them around her friends from back home - if it would be uncomfortable or if it would just make all of it feel more real.

They briefly discussed timing and when they would need to leave to reach Oia on time as Petros cleared the dishes. Refusing to allow Elena to help, he pushed her back down into her chair as he kissed the top of her head.

"No - you can do this some other time. Leave this to me, since Adonis - miraculously - did the cooking. And when I come back you can ask me what I found for you..." He winked mischievously as he headed back to the kitchen with an armload of dishes.

"What do you mean 'found for me'?" she called after his retreating form. "What is it with you boys and getting presents for me?" She asked Adonis, who was smiling cryptically across the table. He shrugged his shoulders, feigning ignorance, causing her to laugh and shake her head in disbelief. Petros came back out of the kitchen to clear the remaining dishes from the table. 

She regarded the two men who had, in such a short time, become so important to her. Adonis was reading an English business newspaper, his jade colored eyes quite serious now as they moved rapidly across the page. She perceived sharpness and intellect that sent a tiny thrill through her. His occasional reaction to what he was reading showed by the slightest of tightening to his perfectly sculpted lips. The sun overhead made his impossibly thick eyelashes cast a shadow on his cheekbones.

Petros was humming a tune to himself as he deftly moved around the table. His strong tanned arms and well-formed hands were almost graceful as he worked. His shining long hair was tied in its customary ponytail by a fine leather band, but a few pieces had escaped and fell around his handsome aquiline face. He tucked an intrusive lock behind one ear before picking up the tray and heading back to the kitchen. He moved like a panther -- possessing a sort of sinewy power.

How she loved to look at them, struck yet again by their rugged male beauty. She thought wondrously, they really are mine -- how incredibly lucky am I?

Elena sighed happily as a feeling of deep contentment flowed through her. She lounged back in the chair, tilting her head to allow the late afternoon sun to warm her face.

***

"So -- what do you think? Will they do?" 

Petros seemed to be trying to suppress his excitement, walking briskly around the studio as he showed Elena a huge collection of art supplies. There were dozens of prepared stretched canvasses of varying sizes, a box full of tubes of oil paint in dozens of colors, aluminum canisters of linseed oil and turpentine, jars of gesso, palette knives in multiple sizes and shapes and a collection of extremely fine sable brushes, including some so large that the brush head was as wide as Elena's hand. She realized from experience that this all must have cost a small fortune.
