 The first thing Elena's sleep-filled brain registered was the thump-thump sound of her heart beat echoing in her ear, blending with sounds of the sea. Reluctant to wake from the delicious dream she was having, she refused to open her eyes, as she languidly stretched her torso. She realized that her right cheek was resting on smooth, warm skin and not a pillow just as a pair of strong arms tightened around her naked body. She hadn't realized she was lying beside someone else before that moment - it had felt so natural. The events of the prior night came flooding back to her, and she smiled a naughty little smile and slid her hand up the muscled torso beneath her, finally venturing to open her wide blue-green eyes.

"Kali mera, agape-mou." Petros said softly. He had been watching her sleep, and now brushed her wild curls away from her face and planted a sweet, lingering kiss on her forehead.

"What does 'agape-mou' mean?" She asked; her voice deep and still laced with sleep. 

"It means 'my love', my love." He laughed and it tickled her ear. She laughed in return, rubbing her ear as she leaned up to kiss his lips. The kiss immediately intensified, and Elena snaked her hand further down to feel his already hard cock.

"Mmmm. Kali mera, indeed." She murmured, as she curled her fingers around his girth - at least as far as she could - her hand didn't fit all the way around him. She began to pump up and down very softly.

Petros groaned and rolled her onto her back, moving his body gently on top of her. She looked to the other side of the bed, which was empty.

"Adonis has gone for his morning run. It is just us - is that okay?" Petros spoke these words against her breasts as he teased and nipped at her tender aureolae.

"Yesssss" she hissed as she pulled his head back up to kiss him deeply. His hands moved between her thighs, pushing them open and moving his fingers against her moistening lips. He raised his head, smiling at her meaningfully as he slid beneath the single sheet that covered them - disappearing underneath so he could savor her with his mouth and tongue. Elena gasped and arched her back, pressing her pelvis up to his exploring mouth as her hands pushed the back of his head down through the fine cotton sheeting. She could hear the noises he made, a series of soft contented groans, above the rushing sea breezes that constantly moved the gossamer drapes and cooled the room. 

Impatient, she flung the sheet back and pulled him up again. "Please, Petros, I want you inside me... please my baby..." 

Before she'd even finished speaking he had thrust himself into her in one smooth hard stroke. They both shouted out - the triumphant sound reverberated in the sparsely furnished, but elegant bedroom.

Their movements were full of urgency and passion. Petros's hair was free of its ponytail, and draped across their bodies as he slammed into her pliant frame. He slowed for a moment, his face etched with concern, to ask Elena if he was hurting her. 

"No - don't stop - harder" was all she could say - her breath coming in ragged pants. 

He groaned in excitement, increasing the pace and fierceness of his lovemaking. She could feel his teeth pressing into her collarbone as she dug her nails into his muscular back. Elena wrapped her legs around him - meeting his powerful thrusts with her own. Petros unwrapped her legs from his waist, and moving one thigh downward, deftly rolled them both over on the bed, so that now he was on his back and Elena was atop him. She laughed delightedly at his skill as she leaned downward to kiss his waiting mouth. 

Placing her palms flat on his chest, she began to ride him wildly, leaning her body backward in order to force his cock to plunge more deeply in exactly the right places. He placed a hand at the place where their bodies met, so that his thumb would rub across her clit as she moved. His other hand was in the small of her back, pulling her down harder with each stroke. Elena was very close to coming, and started to say "oh god" over and over - her voice rising in an almost musical crescendo until she was nearly screaming from the wave after wave of intense orgasm that rocked her shaking body. 

She fell forward onto Petros and kissed him passionately as the climax began to subside. Her thighs were aching in this position, so she whispered to him to help her move back onto the bed. Unwilling to remove his erection from her for even a moment, he controlled her movements - pulling one thigh down between them as he rolled her back onto the mattress. He waited for a moment, his hard penis still poised inside her, for Elena's breathing to normalize. She looked up at him adoringly, brushing his long, silky dark hair back and behind one ear. She was almost surprised as he began to thrust into her again, gasping excitedly.

Petros took hold of her knee and place one leg over his shoulder, enabling him able to penetrate her even more deeply. Now his penis was hitting her cervix with every stroke. She gripped his shoulders and ran kisses under his chin and down his Adam's apple as he moaned. She knew he was close to his own orgasm - so she began to speak into his ear in a low sexy voice.

"God you feel so incredible... I love how your cock feels inside me. Please, please come for me baby. I want you to shoot inside of me... I want to feel your seed inside me all day and remember every minute of how you're fucking me right now... Please, Petros, give it to me." 

That was enough to push him over the edge and Petros shouted into her neck as he came. She felt blast after blast as he climaxed inside her. There was a fine sheen of perspiration on both of their bodies, their long hair mingling together on the white pillows.

He lifted his head, and continued to kiss her, now very gently, murmuring sweet things in Greek to her until his penis gradually softened and slipped out of her. He fell back onto the bed next to her and they both stared up at the vaulted ceiling, utterly spent. Elena curved back toward him in an almost fetal position, and eventually drifted back into a light sleep, her mind completely at ease, her body feeling completely dissipated.

Some time later, Elena awoke alone in the big bed. The sun had risen only slightly higher in the sky, so she knew she had not been asleep very long. Petros had covered her with a sheet. There was a glass and a frosty pitcher filled with water and lemon wedges on a small nightstand next to the bed. Parched, she slid across the mattress and poured some into a glass, gratefully drinking most of it down almost at once. She felt as if she'd never tasted anything so refreshing. The clock on the table said 10:20AM.

Leaping out of bed, Elena yawned happily and stretched her slightly sore limbs. Walking toward the windows, she looked out at the magnificent view of the sea crashing against the rocks below. The sky was cloudless and so bright blue that it almost hurt to look. Moving closer to the window, she could see the patio and pool below. Petros was swimming laps. She was moved by sight of his lean, muscled body as it sliced through the sparkling clear water. The overwhelming beauty of the moment nearly brought tears to her eyes. Shaking off the momentary melodrama with a wry grin, she turned back to the bedroom and gazed about her. Her curiosity about these two mysterious half-brothers was suddenly very strong. Eyeing a large, ornately carved armoire on the far side of the room, she padded across the cool marble tiles in her bare feet to explore it. The piece was clearly very old and made of some dark hardwood, lacquered and polished to a high shine. 

She ran appreciative hands across the wood's surface, savoring the moment of anticipation before tugging the double doors open. Hanging before her in a neat, meticulous row was a series of expensive men's clothes on fine wooden hangers. Italian and English couture labels adorned most of the suits, which were flanked by fine broadcloth shirts that appeared custom-made. This had to be Adonis's room, she surmised. Elena wondered, arching one eyebrow, how often a man needed an Italian suit on the island of Santorini. At the far end of the rod she saw what appeared to be his more casual wear. Again she saw many famous labels, but this time from a variety of top American fashion designers. A slim column of shelves ran the length of the far side of the cabinet. Stacked on them were several pairs of jeans in various states of distress and a supply of tee shirts in various colors. The bottom of the armoire housed an array of shoes and boots ranging from hiking boots to what appeared to be tuxedo shoes. Picking out one fine white shirt, Elena inhaled the aroma of Adonis still lingering in the fabric. A smile broke forth on her full lips as the scent brought forth a sense memory of Adonis kissing her on the dance floor. She felt a fresh ripple of excitement down her abdomen. 

She was just about to close the armoire, when she suddenly noticed two rather yellowed, antique photographs affixed to the inside of the right hand door. The first was of two men in military uniforms, standing in front of the Arc de Triomphe in Paris. Their uniforms had dark belted jackets, jodhpurs, and shiny knee-high boots. What stopped Elena in her tracks was that the two men looked almost exactly like Petros and Adonis. Could they be their fathers? But then she thought - no - it could not be. Based on the uniforms, her quick recall of European history and the age of the silver gelatin print, the picture must have been taken around the end of World War I. Could it possibly be their grandfathers? The likeness was too clear to be a coincidence. They were the very image of her two lovers, except the men in the photo had close-cropped hair, and the man who looked like Petros was sporting a neat mustache. Elena resolved to ask them about this bizarre likeness later.

The other photo seemed to be even older - and may actually have been a Daguerreotype, which were among the very first photographs. This photo was encased in slim panes of glass, secured with metal corners. But that was not what struck her the most. The subject was one of the most beautiful women Elena had ever seen. 

This enigmatic beauty stared confidently into the camera with a cool, enchanting smile on her classically structured face. The photo was black and white, so Elena could not be sure of her hair color - but it appeared to be a dark blond. Her hair was parted down the middle and slightly poufed over her ears and seemed to be looped back in a hair net at the nape of her long, slender neck. Her dress was cut very low, baring her decolletage and smooth shoulders. The bodice was corseted and the fabric was printed with roses. Hanging on a ribbon around her neck, she wore a large dark emerald-cut stone in a filigree setting. Elena gazed into her magnetic, light eyes, and believed that they bore a remarkable resemblance to Adonis's. She wondered if they, too, were jade green. The model's slender hands grasped a lace handkerchief. On the index finger of her right hand was a large ring that seemed to match the pendant. This remarkable, haunting beauty seemed to be looking straight at Elena through the celluloid - straight through time. Elena fancied she might begin speaking to her at any moment from between those sheets of glass.

"Who the heck are you? Should I be jealous?" She asked the photo. 

Suddenly feeling her own nakedness, Elena decisively shut the armoire doors, as if to hide herself from the cool stare of the elegant, ancient lady.

Deciding that she'd snooped enough for one day, she walked through to the bathroom. Regarding her reflection in the mirror, she examined her face to see if she appeared to be changed. Nope, still pretty much the same Elena, although there was a rosy glow to her cheeks and her eyes were sparkling. She felt electrically charged - even her mass of curly hair seemed to be almost alive. 

Turning on the shower, she stepped in gratefully and stood under the warm spray. She sniffed the shampoo on the shelf, inhaling its sandalwood scent, again feeling the presence of Adonis. Taking some shampoo in her palm, she worked it through her wet tangled hair, enjoying the idea of having his scent on her in more ways than one. After rinsing out the shampoo, she began to soap her skin with his spicy body wash. The feel of the lather against her wet skin, and the general eroticism of the entire situation, caused Elena's hands and fingers to wander over herself. Closing her eyes, she smiled at her own newly-found wantonness. 

Suddenly, she heard the shower door click. Opening her eyes, she saw that Adonis had stepped in, obviously having just returned from his morning run and stripped off his running clothes. His hair was slicked back with sweat and a manly, pungent aroma rose off of his tanned skin. 

"May I join you, agape-mou?" He leaned in and kissed Elena full on the mouth with the passion of a man who had been away from his lover for weeks, rather than hours.

"Please" she whispered, winding her arms around his neck and drawing him to her so she could return his kiss in kind. He ran his large, strong hands down her breasts, ribcage, hips, and then gripped her firm ass as he pulled her up to his body.

"Did my brother give you pleasure this morning?" He asked silkily. His lips were moving down her throat, his teeth nibbling lightly on her skin.

"Yes, he did. Efkharisto." She smiled shyly as she tried using the Greek word for "thank you."

"Ah - that is very good." Adonis replied, as his mouth reclaimed hers. She was not sure whether he was referring to her attempt at his language or to having sex with his brother.

"Now, it is my turn, yes? I'm so hungry for you." He looked down at her - his green eyes were that unusual dark shade that Elena came to realize meant he was aroused. As if she didn't already know that from the massive erection that was spearing her thigh.

"Yes, please. I missed you... does that sound silly?" She was breathless with longing - as if she hadn't just spent half the morning making love to Petros.

His hand cupped the side of her face. He studied her for a moment with a gleam in his eye before answering: "No - it's not silly. In fact, that is exactly how it should be."

At this, his lips came down on hers and she stopped thinking altogether. Adonis dropped down onto his knees and pressed his mouth into her soft mound of sex - he lifted one of her thighs over his shoulder so he could better penetrate her with his tongue. Elena had to hang onto the walls of the shower to keep from falling, since her legs had gone quite weak. She looked down at him and saw that he never took his eyes off of her face. As he moved against her, whenever something he did caused her particular pleasure - he noticed it and repeated it - causing her to arch her body backwards and keen in pleasure.

Within minutes he had her moaning aloud - she reached an orgasm that was like a rapid fire of tiny shocks that made the muscles of her taut stomach and abdomen flex repeatedly. While she was still coming down from the initial round of explosions, Adonis stood, allowing the leg he'd been holding over his shoulder to return to the floor as he quickly lifted her other thigh. Bending his knees slightly to position his hips below her, he expertly thrust his stiff cock into her still pulsating vagina.

Elena screamed incoherently, clinging to his body for support as she nearly lost her footing. Adonis then lifted her into his arms, pressing her back against the tiled shower wall, and began to fuck her in a way that made her nearly crazy. He alternated his speed and intensity, moving sometimes in a circular motion, and sometimes side to side. Elena wound her legs around him and abandoned herself to the incredible sensations he was creating inside her. His hands were supporting her body by cradling her ass. Very gently, Adonis moved one of his hands into the crack. Wetting his pinky finger with Elena's own lubrication, he slipped it very slowly and gradually into the tight little puckered opening. Her eyes flew wide and she looked up at him with some trepidation.

"I've never..." she began. He shushed her and covered her mouth with his. The arousal she felt and his sensitive, gentle movements caused her to relax and his finger was able to penetrate her with a tiny pop. She moaned aloud at this new level of stimulation. He began to move his finger in unison with the movements of his cock. A tiny film of excited perspiration broke out on Elena's skin, and she knew that one of the most intense orgasms yet was building inside her.

Adonis caught her ear lobe with his teeth, softly tugging at her, and then slipped the insistent tip of his tongue inside her ear. The friction his pelvis against her clit, his cock inside her, and his finger in her ass were nearly too much for Elena, so his tongue in her sensitive ear was the last straw. She exploded again and again - her voice breaking as tears of ecstasy ran down her face. Her whole body was heaving. The convulsing muscles inside her pussy caused Adonis to climax, as well, and he growled as he shot inside her. His own orgasm was clearly intense as well, as he slammed her harder against the wall while his body shook in pleasure. 

Together, they slid down onto the floor of the shower. Adonis was on his knees, his penis still inside Elena, as she came to rest on top of his thighs. She looked up at him wondrously, the tears still streaming down her face. He brushed away her tears with his thumbs, asking her urgently if he'd hurt her.

"No, agape-mou, these are tears of pleasure - not pain. I've never felt anything like this before." He held her face tenderly, gazing down at her with a thoughtful expression.

"Yes. This feels like paradise, doesn't it?" He said, his voice sounded rather husky. He deposited a slow, soft kiss on her waiting lips. Elena felt like her heart was flipping over inside her chest.

Adonis helped her to stand, and they finished bathing. She washed his hair with the spicy sandalwood shampoo, and he gently lathered her - careful not to over-stimulate her already swollen pussy. After they'd stepped out of the shower and were drying themselves, Adonis handed Elena a shopping bag containing a small variety of toiletries, hair gel, a new toothbrush, and a new blue cotton jersey dress.

"I thought you might need some things - I hope it fits." He said shyly. She threw her arms around his neck and kissed his sensuous lips. He seemed surprised and touched by her gratitude. He considerately left her alone to finish dressing.

When she went downstairs, Petros and Adonis were both seated at the dining table on the patio. Adonis was shirtless and barefoot, wearing one of his pairs of very beat up jeans, and Petros, his long hair also still wet from his swim, was wearing just his blue lycra swim briefs. Before them on the wide teak table was a sumptuous spread of coffee, juice, fruit and a basket of bread. Fuschia bougainvillea were clustered in a glass bowl in the center. A Bach suite for the cello was playing on the stereo. Both men stood as Elena approached, and Petros pulled out a chair for her between his and Adonis's.

"Wow - how lovely!" Elena exclaimed - looking at the table.

"That is just what I was thinking... it fits you beautifully." Said Adonis, surveying the new blue dress with appreciative eyes.

"Thanks! You have a good eye." Elena responded, running a hand over the smooth jersey. "I love it."

"He has a very good eye." Petros added, kissing her cheek as he helped her with her chair.

"I just wish... oh sorry - nevermind." She began to blush and fumbled awkwardly with her napkin.

"You just wish... what, darling?" Adonis placed his hand over hers to still her nervous movements. She shook her head, smiling, trying to make them forget it. But they were having none of that.
