 All Mary0256 stories promote safe sex.  Unless mentioned otherwise, all intercourse between unmarried couples includes the use of a condom.

*

Abbey Robbins was in the middle of her king-sized bed with one hand toying with the folds of her virginal pussy and the other stimulating her large sensitive breasts. The eighteen-year-old high school senior was an honor roll student and a star player on her school's softball team. The fingering that she was giving her pussy was the extent of Abbey's sexual experience. She was a beautiful girl who had guys fighting for the opportunity to date her. She turned most of them down because dating was not one of her bigger priorities while she was in high school. Her studies and softball were her main priorities at this time in her life.

As a junior, Abbey had been an all-conference performer in softball. During the upcoming year, it was expected that she would be one of the best players in their conference. Abbey continued to diddle herself, trying to attain one of those mild orgasms that she had enjoyed in the past. When she had finished, she intended to take a shower and dress for her Saturday evening out. Abbey wished that she could get the courage to approach one of her more sexually active friends for some hints to make these fingering sessions a little more enjoyable. She enjoyed those sudden rushes that soaked her pussy; but she had heard other girls talk about powerful orgasms that made their toes curl. Abbey dreamed of the day that she could have one of those.

Abbey's parents had left a short time earlier. They were attending a party in a town about forty miles away and they intended to stay the night in a motel. As Abbey left the house on her way to her friend Jacky's house, she enjoyed the pleasant March weather that they were having. It was only two blocks, so Abbey left her car in the driveway tonight and enjoyed the walk. Abbey had not mentioned to her parents that she was going to Jacky's tonight because neither of her parents cared for Jacky that much. Abbey could understand her parents' feelings. Although Jacky was a very pleasant, intelligent and beautiful girl, she had a little bit of a wild streak in her. To Abbey's knowledge, Jacky didn't do drugs; but she did most of the other things that parents hope that their teenager daughters would avoid. Except joining Jacky for a beer or two, Abbey avoided the other vices that have caused her parents to dislike Jacky.

When Abbey arrived at Jacky's house, she learned that Jacky's parents were away for the night and that Jacky had invited a few friends over. Jacky's boyfriend, Don, was the first to arrive. Abbey became a little uncomfortable when Jacky and Don were more interested in making out than carrying on a conversation. A while later, Don's friend, Jerry, arrived. The door had barely closed when they heard the doorbell again. They were joined by Sally and her boyfriend, Bill. They were accompanied by David, who was a friend of Bill. Abbey was pleased to see the arrival of more people. She hoped that the presence of some more people would curtail the make-out session between Jacky and Don. However, Abbey was not very pleased when she learned that Sally had enticed Bill to bring David along so that Jacky would have a guy.

Abbey was stewing when she learned that Don had invited Jerry for the same reason. If she had been interested in a date for this weekend, she would have accepted an offer from one of the other guys that had asked her out this weekend. Abbey knew Jerry and David and, although they were both nice guys, neither was someone that she would consider dating. As the evening began, Abbey tried to make sure that she was sitting alone. She didn't want to give encouragement to either of these guys. The seven of them carried on conversations about various things.

Jacky put some music on her stereo and by the time that the second song was playing, Bill and Sally were dancing. Don and Jacky joined them. David and Jerry had each asked Abbey if she would like to dance. As politely as possible, Abbey had declined their offers. They had been there for about forty-five minutes when Jacky and Don went to the kitchen and returned with seven beers. Abbey was little hesitant to accept one. She had had beer occasionally in the past and she enjoyed the taste; but her parents had impressed upon her the dangers of underage drinking. Although she was often in disagreement with her parents' opinions on many things, she did try to comply with their wishes as much as possible. Abbey decided that one beer couldn't hurt her, so she accepted the one that Jacky offered.

The guys finally stopped bugging Abbey about dancing and everyone sat around talking. Abbey didn't object when she was brought another beer. She was beginning to enjoy the evening once the guys stopped trying to hit on her. It wasn't until she got up to use the bathroom that she realized that the beer was beginning to affect her. When Abbey returned from the bathroom, the others were sitting in a circle on the floor. An obvious opening had been left for Abbey between Jerry and David. Jacky got to her feet and handed Abbey another beer. That is when Abbey learned that they were going to play spin the bottle. Reluctantly, Abbey agreed to play.

When Abbey sat down, Don was holding the bottle, so he spun first. The bottle pointed directly at Abbey. Don moved across the circle and planted a kiss on her. Don's tongue began to probe at her lips. She did not push him away; but she didn't cooperate with him either. When his tongue could not get past her teeth, he broke the kiss. Sally was next and on her spin, she was fortunate enough that it pointed at Bill. She leaned over and began to kiss him. It was quite obvious that their mouths had opened immediately. Bill reached up and began to caress one of her breasts. His other hand was working on the buttons to her blouse. When she broke the kiss, the top two buttons to her blouse were undone exposing most of her bra and a generous expanse of cleavage. Sally made no effort to cover up when the bottle was handed to the next spinner.

David spun next and it pointed at Jerry. David exclaimed, "Hey, I'm not kissing no guy."

Don interrupted, "The rules are that if it points at a person of the same sex and you don't want to kiss that person, you kiss the next closest person. That's pointing more toward Jacky than it is toward Abbey. David, you get to kiss Jacky."

Bill asked, "How did he get to spin anyway; it was supposed to be my spin."

Don told him, "Too late now. Once the bottle stops moving; you have lost your turn until the next time around."

David leaned over and began to kiss Jacky. As he was kissing her, one hand moved to one of her breasts. Jacky grabbed his wrist; but she made no effort to move it away. It was Abbey's turn and she gave the bottle a violent spin. It pointed at Bill and he began to kiss her. One hand moved to her breast and she learned quickly from what Jacky had done. She found that by grabbing his wrist, he could keep his hand on her breast; but he could not feel the way that he had with Sally.

They continued for several more rounds. Jacky and Sally's blouses were now all of the way open and their bras had been unhooked. The bras were just laying over the top of their breasts keeping them somewhat concealed. They consumed several more beers while they were playing and Abbey was becoming a little looser. Abbey's mouth was now opening when she was being kissed and several times she had allowed the guy to openly fondle her breasts. She had resisted when they tried to unbutton her blouse. Once Sally had spun and it pointed at Abbey. Sally chose to kiss Abbey and she also fondled Abbey breasts. Abbey was surprised that she had found that experience to be quite exciting.

Jacky spun and the bottle pointed at Don. Abbey noticed that while Don was kissing Jacky that his hand had moved inside of her pants. Don's hand appeared to be working feverishly between Jacky's legs. Her breasts had been bared for everyone to see. Jacky's hips were moving rhythmically against Don's hand. Jacky finally broke the kiss and removed Don's hand from inside her pants. She was obviously excited and out of breath. She took several deep breaths before saying, "Shit. That felt good. Maybe too good. I think that we need to take a break from this game for a while."

The break had the opposite effect that Jacky had been looking for. Bill and Sally had moved to the couch and Bill had Sally's pants open. He was openly fingering her pussy and her boobs were completely uncovered. Don was groping relentlessly at Jacky and it was all that she could do to keep her clothes on. Jerry and David were both kissing Abbey. The number of beers that she had consumed had lowered her defenses significantly. She had stopped fighting them when they groped at her breasts; but she was still stopping them when they tried to open her blouse.

Jacky had hoped that a non-contact game would cool everyone off a little. She called everyone back to the middle of the floor. Jacky announced, "We're going to play truth or dare." Everyone moved back to the same positions that they had been in before. Jerry and David moved a little closer to Abbey than they had been. Jacky made sure that everyone had a fresh beer before they started.

Don went first and he asked, "Abbey, which do you want a truth of a dare?"

Unhesitatingly Abbey answered, "Truth."

"How many people have you had sex with?"

"None, I'm still a virgin and I intend to stay that way for some time."

Sally and Jacky had each, independently, thought that that was hitting below the belt. They all knew that Abbey didn't have sex with the guys that she dated. They didn't need to make her say it out loud. Truth of dare was supposed to be an opportunity to find out things about a person that you couldn't find out otherwise. They each decided that whoever kept up that line of questioning was going to get blasted with some personal questions that they didn't want to answer in public.

Sally's turn was next and she knew that about two months after Don had started to date Jacky that he had sex with her cousin. Sally said, "Don, your turn. Truth or dare?"

"Truth."

"How many girls have you had sex with since you started dating Jacky?"

"Just two, you and Jacky."

Sally, Bill, Jacky and Don had switched off one night when they were at Sally's house; but that was not what she was trying to get out of him. Sally said, "Don, did you know that Rita Tackelberry was my cousin. Now does that information change your answer?"

Don stuttered and stammered before meekly asking, "Was that really after I started to date Jacky. It seemed like it was before." Don knew that the last part of the statement was false and Sally and Jacky knew that also. Sally knew because of what she had learned from her cousin. Jacky knew that it was a lie because of the way that Don had answered. Jacky was upset that her boyfriend had cheated and she was pissed at Sally for having revealed it in front of these people.

It was Bill's turn to chose and he like David who followed him concentrated on forcing Abbey to let everyone know how inexperienced she was. David and Jerry were each rubbing Abbey's thighs as she was trying answer the questions. It was supposed to be Abbey's turn; but Jacky interrupted before Abbey could call out a name. Jacky said, "This is supposed to be truth or dare for everybody. It isn't pick on Abbey night. We now have a new rule. Once a person has been called on, you can't go back to that person until two other people have been called. Let's spread this shit around.  Now, I am going next."

When Jacky called her name, Sally began to think of several embarrassing things that she didn't want everyone else knowing about. She decided that she had better take a dare. This was exactly what Jacky had hoped for; she was going to get Sally and Bill at the same time. Jacky knew that Bill was very self-conscious about the fact that his penis was only about four inches long. Jacky tossed Sally a hand towel and said, "Sally, I want you to give Bill a hand job while the rest of us sit here and watch." 

Sally began to open Bill's pants and Don reached across the circle and pulled the cuff of Bill's pants until they were below his knees. Sally pulled Bill's underwear down. Bill's small cock was already hard and it was beginning to drip some pre-cum. Sally began to stoke him very slowly at first. Bill's hard cock was the first one that Abbey had ever viewed in person. She was getting kind of excited by the sight. As everyone watched Sally stroking Bill, Jerry and David were aggressively rubbed Abbey's pussy through her lightweight shorts. They had each gotten a hand under her blouse and were feeling her bra-encased breasts. Abbey felt a rush between her legs when Bill began to cum.

Jacky announced, "Let's just keep going clockwise from here. It's Don's turn now." He called Jacky's name and she asked for a dare.

Don said, "Since you have done your best to embarrass everyone else, Ill try to do the same thing to you. I want you to bare your pussy and finger yourself in front of everybody."

As Jacky started to pull her shorts and panties off, she said, "I thought that you were going to try to embarrass me. You know damn well that I like to play with myself; an audience has never bothered me." Abbey watched as Jacky used two fingers to spread the lips of her pussy before sliding both of those fingers inside of herself. Abbey had never been so turned on in her life. She knew that her panties had to be soaked and her nipples ached so much more than they did when she fingered herself in bed at night.

Sally told them, "It is probably going to take Jacky a while to get off, so I'll just take my turn while she is finishing. Jerry, truth or dare?"

"Dare."

"All right. I want you to take your cock out and get it hard. Then I want you to keep it hard for Abbey to look at for the rest of the night."

Jerry pulled his cock out and it was fairly hard already. He wrapped his fingers around it and stroked two or three times. It was getting harder by the second. His cock appeared to be about eight-inches long and it was fairly thick. A smile crossed Abbey's face as she looked at that hard cock that was within her reach. She fought the temptation to reach out and stroke it. Both guys were squeezing her breasts and they hadn't let up as they rubbed her pussy.

It was Bill's turn and when he called Sally's name, she said that she wanted a dare. Bill chuckled as he said, "Since you have been getting such a kick out of watching Jacky play with herself, you have to get naked and stay that way for the rest of the night."

Sally smiled as she replied, "I might as well be naked; my tits are already hanging out and my pants are undone." She pulled her blouse and bra off of her arms and slipped her pants and panties down her shapely legs. Bill's hand immediately went between Sally's legs and Abbey noticed that two fingers slipped inside of her. It was David's turn and he called on Abbey.

Abbey hesitated for a few seconds before saying, "Dare.  But I'm not getting naked."

Everyone was curious about what David had in store for Abbey. David announced, "You don't have to get naked.  You just have to strip to the waist."

Abbey was silent; but her hands soon began to move toward the buttons on her blouse. She slowly unbuttoned it. When her blouse had been tossed aside, she unhooked her bra and tossed it on top of her blouse. The guys and girls alike were amazed at the beauty and firmness of those large globes. David and Jerry gave the others about fifteen seconds to admire them before their mouths were trying to devour those beautiful hooters. As the two guys were sucking on her tits and rubbing her pussy, Abbey said that it was her turn. She chose Don and he asked for a dare.

Abbey told him, "I want you to do something that I have never seen before. I want you to eat Jacky's pussy."

Jacky squealed and spread her legs as she told Abbey, "You have done me a fantastic favor. All Don wants to do is fuck my pussy; he never wants to eat it." Sally's face began to turn red as everyone heard Jacky continue, "Hell, Sally has probably eaten my pussy more than Don has." Don's face was between Jacky's legs and he was lapping at that juicing slit.

Jerry's turn had come and he called David's name. David, as everyone had seemed to be doing, asked for a dare. Jerry pointed out that David was the only one who hadn't had to expose something, so Jerry wanted David to get naked. David quickly tossed his shirt aside as well as his shoes and socks. David pulled his pants and shorts off in one motion exposing his hard seven-inch cock to everyone in the room. It was noticeable that his shorts and the end of his cock were both quite sticky. The excitement of the activity around him had apparently caused David to cum in his pants.

David sat down next to Abbey and he began to play with one of her breasts again. He noticed that Jerry's hand was inside of Abbey's shorts. Abbey had never let any guy do that to her before and, although she knew that she needed to stop these guys pretty soon, the feel of a masculine hand on her pussy felt very good. Abbey had been drooling over the sight of Jerry's hard cock for some time and she reached out and wrapped her fingers around that hard, warm member.

Jacky was moaning as she declared, "Don's tongue feels so good in my pussy. It's time to forget this game. Everybody just do their thing." Jacky's legs were wrapped around the back of Don's head as she began to cum.

David had noticed that Abbey's fingers were wrapped around Jerry's cock and he hoped for equal attention. He reached out and took her free hand and placed it on his cock. A smile crossed her face as she realized that she had a hard cock in each hand. She began to move her hand on each cock and Jerry was soon erupting. He had cum all over his chest and some of it was splattered on one of Abbey's tits. She instinctively sucked it off of her fingers and found that it did not have an unpleasant taste. Abbey watched the end of David's cock as she slowly stoked it.

She was so engrossed in David's cock that she was hardly aware that Jerry was pulling her shorts and panties down. Instinctively, she lifted her ass so that he could get them down. When her garments had passed her ass, she straightened her legs so that Jerry could slide them all of the way off. Abbey continued to stroke David's cock. She didn't even realize that she was naked as she watched David's cum spew from the end of his pulsing cock. Abbey looked around the room and saw that Bill was fucking Sally and Jacky was riding Don's cock. She was licking David's cum off of her fingers and didn't even realize that Jerry was hard again and he had moved between her legs.

With one swift movement, Jerry jammed his hard cock into her virginal pussy. Abbey let out a scream and then felt the pain subside. Her precious virginity that she had cherished so much had just been taken from her and she hadn't even been given the opportunity to tell him no. The pleasurable feeling that she had felt when her pussy was being rubbed had not returned. Jerry pumped his hard cock into her sore pussy about four times before he came.

Jerry pulled out and Abbey had not had a chance to catch her breath before David moved between her legs. Abbey realized what he was about to do and she shouted, "No.  No, I don't want to.  Don't do this to me." David either did not hear her or he chose to ignore her. He quickly slid his cock into her, although he drove it into her a little less savagely than Jerry had done. David was moving considerably slower than Jerry had been. Although Abbey did not want to be doing this in the first place, she was beginning to feel some pleasure from the act.
