 My deepest apologies to you all for my lengthy absence. I'm happy to be adding the next installment to this saga. Thank you profoundly for your fabulous comments and votes. Though it has been many months to us, to Elena, Adonis and Petros it has been but the briefest of moments.



"Just say yes." Petros said, as he smoothly stood and leaned over to place a tender, almost chaste kiss on Elena's cheek. He paused, looking down at her. An almost devilish gleam lit his eyes and the tiniest of smiles lifted the corners of his sexy mouth.

"Want to see it?" His voice was pure seduction. He ran his knuckles softly across Elena's jaw line, down her neck, and then slipped his hand under her hair coming to rest in the curve where her neck met her shoulder. His fingers felt wonderful against her skin.

"Pahme." He beckoned her in Greek in a voice that was raw and sweet. His dark eyes and the promise that was implicit in their liquid depths momentarily hypnotized Elena.

He slowly straightened and held out his hand, palm up, in invitation. Elena automatically slipped her slim hand in his far larger, sinewy one and allowed him to draw her up from her chair.

Adonis spoke from across the table, gently disrupting the temporary spell that Petros had woven over her wits.

"I think you will like it, beautiful girl." He flashed a smile so bright that Elena practically blinked from the whiteness.

"Will I?" she breathed, feeling a rush of excitement in her diaphragm as Petros led her across the patio running to the painted blue door of the little stone cottage.

A studio! Of her own! In Greece, no less. And to live here with these two achingly beautiful men... Elena shook her head, fearful that she may actually awaken from this "too good to be true" moment. 

Everything took on a surreal quality and was being permanently etched in her otherwise addled brain. Her bare feet crunched on the surprisingly soft, fine gravel - she'd once heard it called "pea shingle". A light breeze from the sea below blew her hair back, cooling her heated, undoubtedly flushed face and lightly ruffled the skirt of her new dress. The warm strength of Petros's hand in hers seemed to flow up her arm and straight into her heart. 

They followed Adonis as he preceded them through the garden to the studio. The sunlight showed to advantage the lean rippling muscles of his bare back. Elena briefly noted that his ass was simply spectacular in those beat-up jeans. The salt air was slightly tangy in her nostrils as the scent of Oleander and green figs wafted up and filled her mouth with fragrance. The ache she felt in her thighs and between her legs after a night and morning of vigorous lovemaking seemed to only heighten her sexual stimulation, rather than deter it.

The walk to the cottage door took perhaps a minute - but it was one minute that Elena determined to never forget for the rest of her life - whatever the outcome. She felt a sense of being actually cherished - a sense she realized she'd never experienced before in her 27 years. It was exhilarating, and she didn't want it to end.

Adonis paused at the door, his hand resting on the handle, and turned back to look at Elena over his shoulder. His startlingly bright green eyes seemed to dance; one eyebrow raised as if in challenge. Petros paused, as well, and regarded Elena with an almost impassive expression on his ruggedly handsome face.

"Ready?" Adonis asked.

Elena let a little nervous laugh escape her lips. She drew her shoulders back and slyly replied: "Sure, why wouldn't I be? This kind of thing happens all the time."

Both men laughed in a warm, comfortable way as Adonis dramatically swung the door inward. Elena squealed as Petros scooped her up into his arms, carrying her to the threshold. Adonis stepped inside the door and turned to take Elena from his brother's arms, bringing her inside and spinning around so she could see the interior.

Elena was giggling like a girl as the men tossed her around like she was no more than a child in their arms. But her laughter was cut short and she drew her breath in sharply. She gazed mutely at what they proposed to be her art studio. 

It was simply perfect.

Adonis gently set her on her feet, but held on to her lightly from behind because Elena seemed quite unsteady at that moment. The strongest feeling of déjà vu overcame her as she looked about the surprisingly spacious loft-like room.

The light astounded her. It was everywhere, as if the room radiated. From the garden, it was not obvious at all, but the entire ocean side of the studio was a wall of glass windows. The bottom row of windows were actually large doors that opened on a pivot. Several were open at the moment, allowing the fresh sea air into the crisp white room. 

The interior was immaculate and sparsely but elegantly furnished. The ceiling had to be at least 25 feet high, with a partial loft level that was accessible via an ornate metal spiral staircase in the far corner. A positively giant zinc chandelier hung from center of the peak, such that it would be eye level from the loft. 

The loft had a low, incredibly wide platform bed and a rustic wood table that supported a Majolica water pitcher and bowl. A half dozen framed glass hurricane lanterns containing thick white pillar candles were clustered artlessly in the corners to the left and right of the bed. 

On the ground floor there was an over-sized, antique leather chaise that must have once been black, but now was faded and distressed to a warm gray. The only rug in the room – a well worn but lovely Persian - rested beneath that chaise. A blue, white and yellow mosaic table sat beside the sofa. Centered on that table was a massive citrine ceramic vase that held several tall branches of aromatic eucalyptus. 

But the object that absolutely dominated the room as well as Elena's attention was a floor-to-ceiling easel leaning against the right-hand wall. On it sat a blank, stretched canvas that was easily 10' x 10' square. A paint-splattered wooden table topped with clean, empty glass jars and an oval wooden palette was pushed against the wall beside the easel. 

The room smelled of sunlight, eucalyptus, old leather and linseed oil. Elena had the strangest feeling that she was precisely where she was supposed to be at exactly the right moment in time.

"Oh..." she murmured. Her heart was thudding in her chest so violently that she thought she might actually swoon. Adonis, as if sensing her light-headedness, slipped his arms around her waist from behind, pulling her back against the hard warmth of his body. She let her head lean back against his bare chest.

"Ine kalo, Elena-mou?" He asked in her ear. He wanted to know if she thought it was good? Elena thought: are you kidding? Good doesn't begin to describe this...

"Nee, poli kalo." She whispered. It was indeed very, very good.

"Mmmmm. I am so glad you like it, beautiful girl." His voice was practically a growl as he spoke in her hair. His arms tightened around her waist as his hands slid up to tease the bottom of her breasts through the thin cotton jersey of her dress.

Elena turned in his arms, regarding both Petros and Adonis for a moment. She asked quietly, her voice tremulous:

"Are you really serious? Are you offering me this studio and a place to live? I mean... You met me last night..."

The brothers smiled indulgently, and looked at each other as if speaking telepathically. Petros stepped toward Elena and took her in his arms as Adonis released her; his hands rising to smooth her wild hair back from her face.

Petros spoke softly, his lips brushing her forehead: "We are very serious, my darling Elena. We would not offer such a thing if we were not sure. Just tell us this, agape-mou, do you feel that this is right for you?"

"Does this feel like home? With us?" Adonis added, moving around to again embrace Elena from behind. She was captured between them just as she'd been when they were dancing last night. 

Elena paused, shocked by the clarity and immediacy of her inner response. Yes! Yes! Yes! was being screamed from the very core of her being.

"Just tell us what you feel." Petros prompted. His mouth lightly grazed over her eyebrows, eyelids and cheekbones. From behind her, Elena felt Adonis push his hips against her ass. He was already growing erect. His hands slid up to her breasts to lightly glide across her tightening nipples. His lips were pressed against her ear as he murmured in a velvety tone:

"You have to say it, agape-mou. You have to tell us what you want."

"Yes -- yes!" Elena exclaimed, as she melted between them. "I want to stay with you. I want this to be my studio. I want to be yours; I want to belong to both of you--"

Her last sentence was cut abruptly short as Petros claimed her mouth in a hard, passionate kiss. He moved his lower body into Elena, pressing his growing arousal into the space between her thighs. She felt the contact of skin on skin as his bare thighs rubbed against hers.

Adonis released a sexy hissing breath as he ground himself into Elena and his mouth traveled down the side of her neck.

"Good girl." He growled as his teeth nipped at her shoulder. He pushed the fabric of her dress aside so he could access more of her naked skin.

She felt the now-familiar fluttering deep within her abdomen. A rush of wetness reminded Elena that she was not wearing any underwear – a fact that Petros was suddenly very aware of when he pressed one hand under her skirt into her pubis.

His throaty laugh caused Adonis to raise his head curiously. Petros murmured something to him in Greek that prompted a satisfied groan from his brother as he likewise snaked one hand down to feel Elena's moist sex.

Adonis gently grasped the bottom of her dress and pulled it up and over her head, tossing it lightly on the chaise. Elena's raised arms, rather than dropping back down by her sides, wound backwards around Adonis's neck as he turned her head in order to kiss her already bee-stung lips. She sighed into his mouth as Adonis's brother knelt down to press his mouth against her other lips. Petros hummed as his mouth captured the hypersensitive nub of her clitoris – slipping one, then two fingers inside her. The penetration and vibration combined with the warm, soft suction of his kisses almost drove Elena out of her mind. The orgasm came swift and sharp – like a hot knife moving through butter.

She screamed into Adonis's mouth, and arched her back in order to better accommodate Petros's probing hands and tongue. Her body moved in graceful, sensual angles as the beautiful men tantalized her and bent her to their will. 

All around her, beneath her closed eyelids, Elena felt the soft glow of the white studio. She felt bathed in ethereal light. She felt like pure sex – no, more than that – she felt like pure love.

Petros stood, his body sliding up Elena's. He slipped two of his fingers into her mouth so she could taste herself.

"See?" He whispered. "You're delectable, my beautiful one." His eyes darkened as she boldly sucked his fingers, her eyes locked on his. Her tongue flicked around, making the promise of a similar treatment elsewhere on his body. 

Speaking again in Greek to Adonis, the brothers moved Elena in unison toward the leather chaise. Instead of making her lie down on it, Petros positioned her in a kneeling position, her forearms resting on the single rolled arm. Moving behind her he pushed her thighs apart and knelt between them, and in a very slow movement designed no doubt to tease her, he slid his erection inch by agonizing inch all the way inside her still pulsing folds. 

Elena's head dropped forward onto her arms as she once again accustomed herself to his size. She made a sound that was like a sob, but she was no longer aware of the noises that issued from her throat.

Petros began to thrust into her and out again – his pace changing frequently. At times it was hard and fast – causing her breath to catch, and at times it was deliberate and slow – so much so that she found herself jamming backward in order to try to force him more deeply into her.

A hand wound into her hair, pulling her head back. She gazed at Adonis, standing before her at the end of the chaise. He'd removed his jeans and was stroking his beautiful hard cock with the other hand. It was at eye level for Elena, so she contemplated it for a few moments before looking back up at the gorgeous Adonis. 

His eyes glittered into hers, his intentions clear. Suddenly and without a moment's hesitation, Elena plunged her mouth onto his swollen penis. The absence of a preamble or any kind of teasing caught him off guard. Adonis shouted into the ceiling of the studio – his voice reverberating off the glass.

Elena was relishing the feeling of being replete. These two men had, in the space of fewer than 24 hours, become everything to her. To have them both inside her at the same moment, to be giving them both as much intense pleasure as they were giving her, filled her with what could only be described as joy.

As Petros slammed into her from behind, his fingers flicked across her clit, intensifying the incredible sensations building in her sex. Adonis kept one hand in her hair, and the other was pulling and pinching the tender nipple of her left breast. Elena used her hands as well as her mouth on him. She gently, and then not so gently, cupped and squeezed his balls as she feverishly pumped his huge shaft with her mouth and other hand.

In almost no time, she could tell that Adonis was about to cum. He began to pull away and lift her from his penis – but Elena prevented him, moaning in protest as she redoubled her efforts to take him as deeply into her mouth as possible. She kept her eyes on his as she brought him up and over the edge. She saw the passion flare in his face – his mouth opening slightly as he finally released into her eager throat. A roar was torn from him as the climax shook him, making him almost weak with unadulterated pleasure.

Petros had considerately slowed his movements, though he didn't pull out of her. He watched tenderly as Elena lovingly finished his brother and tilted her head back to smile up at his wondrous expression. Adonis ran a hand distractedly through his wild hair, clearly unsettled by this incredible experience. He leaned down to Elena and cupping her face in his hands, pressed his mouth to hers in a long, sweet kiss that hinted at a profound depth of feeling. 

As he stood, he regarded Elena and his brother and smiled. She likewise looked over her shoulder and grinned sheepishly at her other lover. Petros, as if on cue, picked up the pace and began to fuck her with unfettered desire. His fingers began to thrum against her clit, causing her to gasp and grip the arm of the sofa. Elena's eyes closed of their own accord, as she threw her head back, arching her spine in a cat-like pose. This gave Petros easy access to the smooth skin of her back and shoulders. He began to blaze a trail of hot kisses across her shoulder blades and down her back. So intent on each other, neither one of them noticed as Adonis slipped silently away. He smiled as he scooped up his discarded jeans and left them alone in the cottage.

Petros suddenly pulled out of her, catching Elena around the waist and lifting her off her knees. In an impossibly fast and graceful move, he seated himself on the chaise and swung her around to face him, making her straddle his body, poised above his waiting cock. She looked down into his almost black eyes and smiled wickedly as she speared herself on him. His hands were on her hips and hers were on his shoulders as she rode him almost savagely. What had begun as a very lighthearted moment turned darkly sexy and intense. A fine sheen of sweat broke out on both of their bodies as they strained into one another. Each time Petros thrust himself deeply into her she let out a little cry of ragged passion.

He began to rub her clit with his thumb, alternately watching his hand and her face as she pushed up and down on his shaft again and again. Elena could feel the orgasm gathering in the depths of her womb. Petros was hitting her G-spot in this position, as well, so Elena knew this one was going to be big.

"Tell me when you're going to cum, baby." He whispered – his voice hoarse and gravelly. "I will come with you, my beauty."

It was almost as if his words released her – Elena made a sound that was half moan, half incoherent speech just a moment before she literally screamed out in ecstasy. Tears began to flow down her cheeks and her lungs constricted with the extremity of the climax. Dimly, through her own fog, Elena heard Petros's shouts as he joined her. She felt him shoot multiple times into her now molten pussy. The aftershocks of this orgasm rolled on for several minutes, even after they had stilled their gleaming bodies.

She didn't protest as Petros eased her onto her back on the sofa and slid down to lie behind her. Her eyelids were unaccountably heavy, and the thought of stirring seemed absurd. She drifted off right there on the antique leather with Petros's arms wrapped protectively around her. 

Elena dreamed she was lying in a field of deep waving grasses under a clear blue sky, nestled between two beautiful and mysterious dark-haired men. In her sleep, she exhaled contentedly and smiled.