 Elena stood on tiptoes to peer over the top of the immaculate glass display case. She inhaled the heady aroma of freshly baked bread with an almost lusty appreciation. This time of day was a genuine treat. Not only was she able to get crusty yet impossibly light baguettes still hot from the oven, she was allowed to stroll about a city she'd only dreamed of before now. 

Paris was utterly amazing. There was beauty everywhere one looked. Even the trash cans, "les poubelles", were strangely picturesque. For an artist, there were few places more poignant -- more revered. So all things considered, not the worst place in the world to spend your exile, she reasoned. She was grateful that Sybil had insisted she work hard on perfecting her French all through high school and college. Though rusty at first, it was all coming back to her and she was becoming more confident. 

The boulanger, Jean-Luc, squinted at her across the glass surface. There was a tiny dusting of flour over one of his bushy eyebrows. His dark eyes twinkled mischievously. 

"Salut, Celeste! Qu'est-ce que vous voudrez aujourd'hui, ma belle?" His voice was gravelly, and the squint was meant to be a sort of scowl, but the grin he wore especially for Elena was tugging at the corners of his mouth -- just discernible through his salt and pepper beard. 

Elena used the alias "Celeste Bellerose" here. 

She grinned broadly back at him. "Bonjour, Jean-Luc, ça va bien, cheri? Je voudrais trois baguettes integrales, s'il vous plait! Avez-vous des tartes tatins?" 

"Bien sur! Specialement pour vous, ma petite." He winked, and turned to get her order together. 

She pulled out some Euros to get ready to pay the cashier, one of Jean-Luc's granddaughters. Looking up at the large mirror that covered most of back wall, Elena caught Dimitri's watchful eye as he glanced over at her, before going back to sweeping the sidewalk and street around them. 

The baker passed three baguettes over the tall case, careful to present them to her so she could grasp the paper bands around their middle. She slipped each into her mesh shopping tote, before reaching back for the boxed apple tart. 

"Avant partir, goutez celui-ci, ma belle." He handed across to her a warm, buttery Madeleine. 

Elena gasped in pleasure, gently biting into the shell-shaped, spongy cake. She closed her eyes as the sensations flooded through her. "Mon dieu, Jean-Luc, c'est ravissant. Je me sens complètement commes Proust, alors!" 

He barked in approving laughter. She wasn't sure whether it was over her deep appreciation for his baking skills, or her reference to Marcel Proust and "Remembrance of Things Past."

"Merci, mon oncle." She loved giving him the familial nickname. He seemed to like it, too.

"Je vous en prie." He grumbled affectionately, turning to the next customer, a friendly white-haired plump lady who was laughing along with them. 

"A demain!" Elena said, moving over to pay at the register. His granddaughter smiled shyly at Elena, wishing her a nice day. 

Though she and the entire Santorini household had only been in Paris about a month now, she'd already formed a few warm attachments in the neighborhood. Saint-Germain-des-Pres, or "Saint-Germain" for short, was part of the 6th arrondissement, situated along the left bank of the Seine. It has a renown spanning centuries. No wonder they felt so comfortable here. 

As the spiritual center of the existentialist movement of the 1940s and 50s, the area was home to several legendary cafés and bookstores frequented by the likes of Hemingway, Sartre, Simone de Beauvoir and Camus. More importantly to Elena, it was where the Ecole des Beaux-Arts was located. The school's illustrious alumni included Renoir, Bonnard, Eugene Delacroix, and Mary Cassat -- to name just a few. 

She joined Dimitri outside and he automatically relieved her of the packages, and crooked his elbow outward toward her so she could take his arm. It was a warm, gentlemanly action, but also practical for her added protection. This level of security -- even in a place where they were as anonymous as they were here in the City of Lights -- was something Elena didn't even consider challenging now. 

They walked along the cobbled streets, and Elena breathed a happy sigh. She had not yet started to show, but she felt the presence of the life growing inside her perpetually, and when she wasn't experiencing moments of morning sickness -- which thankfully wasn't every day and wasn't too bad -- the feeling of carrying this little being filled her with joy. It gave her an uncanny radiance. Even the blasé Parisians they passed couldn't help staring at the lovely young woman. Elena barely noticed, but it kept Dimitri on constant alert. He had been anxious about the boys' idea to hide in plain sight this way. But even Selene and Aphrodite agreed that the intensity, constant noise and stimulation of a vibrant city like Paris would make hiding them a lot easier. 

Their residence was an astonishing maison that belonged to some paramour of Aphrodite. She wouldn't say who, but it must have been someone with a great deal of money and influence, because the security system in the Art Nouveau style townhouse was cutting edge. Elena knew that the goddesses, along with Sybil, had also procured several forms of -- what did they call them? "Wards?" Which would help to cloak them from deities who might be able to otherwise detect their bloodlines and powers. 

The five story house had a walled courtyard out back that contained a wonderfully landscaped secret garden. Best of all, there was a garret -- an attic on the top floor -- that they turned into a studio for Elena. The south side of the high sloping roof was made entirely into a symmetrical web of glass panes.

Maria and Dimitri had an attached one-bedroom apartment on the ground floor, with a separate entrance just beyond the massive, restaurant-quality kitchen. The huge main foyer boasted a white marble floor and a wide curving staircase flanked by wrought iron balustrades. There were two parlors, a lovely courtyard-facing breakfast room, a massive formal dining room with an ancient mahogany table that seated twenty-four people, a fully-stocked library, and five full upstairs bedrooms -- three of which were ensuite, while the other two shared an opulent connected bathroom. 

They kept a car in a little private garage down the block, the trunk loaded with suitcases of spare clothing, fake identities, cash in several denominations, and emergency supplies in case they ever needed to leave quickly.

When the idea of escaping Santorini was first being discussed, Elena wondered what their lives might be like when they left the idyllic environment of the island and their magical villa. Somehow, she imagined they would be "on the lamb" -- like in a spy novel, moving desperately from place to place, sleeping wherever they could. 

She should have known her boys better, she supposed, stifling a little giggle at the absurd melodrama her imagination had conjured up.

Dimitri shot her a sidelong glance, noting that something was amusing her. The corner of his mouth curved in a sympathetic grin. He had grown extremely fond of the sweet young woman and found her burgeoning powers to be astonishing. His fierce loyalty and sense of duty toward her flowed through him, filling him with strength and vigor. Maria, too, had become devoted to the engaging little thing. It was as if the love she carried spilled over into those around her, infusing them with energy.

They rounded the corner to the narrow alley that led to their house. Elena's head snapped up, and a beautiful smile broke through as she looked up at one of the second floor windows. Dimitri followed her gaze, and saw Adonis smiling down at them. He could feel a tingle of electricity run through the arm she held as the two lovers locked eyes, seemingly having a conversation without words. 

She suddenly laughed, looking down at the ground, a blush suffusing her cheeks. The tingling grew into a much stronger current that was almost painful. Dimitri stiffened involuntarily, his stride slowing a little as he looked down at his arm. The hairs on his wrist were standing on end, and the hands on his wristwatch were spinning frantically around the dial. 

Realizing what she had unconsciously been doing, Elena gasped - stopping and pulling her hand away quickly. The electrical charge stopped instantly. His watch returned to normal.

She looked at Dimitri, her face a portrait of horrified apology. "Dimitri -- I am so, so sorry!" She breathed, shaking her head. The front door of the house opened and Adonis ran out to meet them. 

Dimitri smiled reassuringly: "No, Miss Elena -- no apologies are needed, I promise you. It didn't hurt. Don't distress yourself." He ran a calming hand down her upper arm in an effort to comfort her and let her know he was not afraid to touch her.

"What happened?" Adonis had reached them, pulling Elena gently into his arms. In rapid, elegant Greek, Dimitri summarized the incident, shrugging in an unconcerned manner, saying he was fine. Meanwhile, he was ushering them both inside the safety of the house. 

Elena seemed embarrassed, but also anxious. A state neither man wanted for her, given her condition. As Dimitri walked through to the kitchen with the shopping bags, Adonis folded Elena into a tight, deeply soothing hug. His lips moved across her forehead. 

She sighed, relaxing into his chest. Her heartbeat slowed back down to normal. 

"What is happening to me, Adoni?" She whispered. "This is the second time I've done this to Dimitri -- both times completely accidentally. I'm not even aware I'm doing it."

"First, you didn't hurt him, so don't worry about that. And second, I confess, my darling, that I don't know what this power is, exactly. We should discuss it with your parents, I think." 

She made a noise of agreement, and snuggled closer to his massive frame. She heard his breathing become more audible. He murmured her name against her skin. The neck of his dress shirt was unbuttoned to his breastbone. Elena pressed her lips to his bare skin where it opened. He made a growling noise that rumbled in his chest, making her emit a low, throaty laugh.

His lips moved down her temple, her cheek, and then over to her ear. His hands were gliding over her back, down to her firm ass. He cupped her curvaceous bottom, pulling her lower body tighter against his, rubbing his hardening length against her very sensually. Elena moaned into his chest, grinding right back. Her heartbeat started to accelerate again, but now for a different reason.

Adonis grabbed her hand and tugged her up the stairs. "Come with me, agape-mou." His voice was hoarse with desire, and she felt an excited little ripple run through her belly all the way down to her pussy, causing a sudden rush of moisture. 

He pulled her into their bedroom suite on the second floor, shutting the door decisively behind them. In Paris, the trio shared one bedroom. There didn't seem to be much point in maintaining three separate rooms. They kept the other rooms open for periodic visits from Elena's parents, Sybil and Aphrodite. 

Adonis pulled Elena back to him almost roughly, lifting her off the floor as he held her, his mouth coming down hard on hers. She wound her arms around his neck, returning his kisses with a violent passion of her own. They kicked off their shoes as he walked them toward the massive bed. Elena sank her teeth into Adonis' lower lip, eliciting a groan from him. He threw her lightly onto the bed. 

She lay where she landed for a moment, gazing up at him. Her eyes were heavy-lidded and glazed with desire. The dress she was wearing was hiked up, revealing her shapely thighs. 

Without words, she asked "Petros?"

Adonis moved onto the bed slowly, his lips running along the top of her knee, then her lower thigh and her upper thigh. He mentally replied, the sound washing through her like a gentle wave: "He's been out doing some research, but is on his way back now."

Dimly, somewhere further back in her head, she could almost feel Petros telling her "I'm coming, my 'Lena..." She smiled sexily and moaned as Adonis's lips created a line of fire at the edge of her panties. He gently nipped her skin with his teeth and she squealed, laughing, her body trembling beneath him.

Rising up onto his knees, looming over her masterfully, he unbuttoned his shirt and shrugged out of it, then reached for her dress, untying the sash at her waist and tugging it up over her head. Goosebumps rose on her skin. The afternoon sun that filtered through the lacy window sheers made a pattern of light across Elena's body and the coverlet. Adonis looked down at her. His expression wasn't tender -- he looked as if he wanted to devour her whole. A delighted shiver of excitement ran over her. She reached for the buckle of his belt, eager to see the rest of her beautiful man. The large bulge in the front of his pants made her mouth water. As she unbuttoned and unzipped him, she ran her hands lovingly over his increasingly hard shaft. He inhaled sharply, making a hissing sound through his teeth.

Adonis grabbed her wrists and in a surprise move, slammed them back on the bed above her head, his body pressing her into the mattress. She gasped just as his mouth came down on hers, a deep growl rumbling in his throat. 

He ground against her, his cock feeling like a spear as it pushed against her pussy. Her panties were soaking wet and she made a little frustrated noise that they were still wearing too many articles of clothing. Her breasts were aching inside the bra, which now felt itchy and confining. 

Adonis pushed off his trousers and underwear in one swift motion. He looked down at her knickers for half a moment, then as if against his will, slammed his face into her crotch. Elena shouted up to the ceiling. She could feel his scorching hot mouth through the fabric, and arched her hips upward in offering. There was a tingling in her folds as if an orgasm was already building. He hooked his fingers into the waistband and impatiently yanked them down, pulling her legs out and up, baring her to him completely. He immediately pressed his mouth to her quivering nether lips. His tongue pushed between the cleft, as he greedily lapped up her spicy wetness. 

Elena raised herself up a little to watch what he was doing. Adonis locked eyes with hers -- his were a shade of green so deep they almost looked black. He moved his face side to side rapidly, as his tongue flicked over her distended clit, his moan causing even more vibration. Elena purred, dropping her head back on the pillows in pleasure. He pushed her thighs further upward, spreading her wider before him, and ran his tongue down, through her tender opening, and the flesh below it, to the little rosebud of her ass. Elena gasped, her chest heaving, and crossed her arms over her face as if to hide. His mouth was driving her crazy.

She felt him push the tip of his tongue inside her tight little hole. It felt so naughty and so wonderful. The intimacy was intense. He could feel her "yes" inside his head and growled a bit as he plundered further inside. With one hand, he teased her lonely clit, dramatically escalating her excitement. She whimpered a little. 

But Adonis wanted to make her cum, so dragged his magical tongue back up, stopping to fuck her with it a few times, gratified to hear the noises she was making grow louder, and then returned to her ripe little bud. The fingers that had been teasing her held the flesh around it open as he attacked anew with his tongue. Her slick was everywhere and he loved the taste of her. With his other hand, he slid two fingers inside her as he began in earnest to extract her first orgasm. Curving his fingers to access her g-spot, he clamped his lips down on her clit, sucking it into his mouth as he slapped the flat of his tongue against it. The fingers inside her made a sort of snapping motion.

Elena came undone. Her body convulsed and she covered her mouth with her hands to try to stifle the scream as a white hot orgasm exploded inside her, spreading tendrils of electricity out and through her limbs. A gush of ejaculate flooded Adonis's hand. He moaned happily as he tapped the wordless bliss of her jumbled thoughts. 

Gentling his actions, he slowly removed his fingers as her body jerked periodically in aftershocks. He kissed his way up her body, removing her bra carefully before taking first one, then the other tender nipple into his mouth. She groaned loudly at this, as her breasts and nipples ached. Somehow his mouth soothed them and awakened another wave of eroticism in her. He looked down at her, slipping his wet fingers into his mouth. Elena blushed, shrugging a little in a sort of apology. He closed his eyes in pleasure at the taste of her. Then he looked back into her eyes with a devilish gleam, and offered his fingers to her. She unhesitatingly accepted them as he slid them between her lips. A low growl in his throat as he watched her taste herself through heavy-lidded eyes. She felt him grind against her, and his cock left a tiny trail of precum along her thigh. 

Her hands cupped the sides of his face as she softly begged: "Please fuck me now, agape-mou."

He positioned himself between her legs, one hand guiding the head of his cock to her trembling opening. The both moaned as he pushed slowly inside her. The heat and wetness of her tight tunnel made his insertion easy, but his size filled her completely, as always, and she made a sound of triumph as the tip of him pressed into her cervix. He rested there a moment, allowing her body to adjust to him.

Adonis kissed her, brushing damp tendrils of hair from her flushed face. There was a fierce frown on his face as he said in a low whisper: "Je t'adore, Elena. I love you so much." 

She sighed up a him, a happy tear sliding out of the corner of one eye. "Et je t'adore, aussi, Adoni. S'agapo poly." 

His mouth came back down on hers, and his hips began to move. Elena raised her hips toward him, meeting him stroke for stroke. He groaned each time he bottomed out inside her, she ran her hands along his muscular back, loving the feeling of the tension rippling beneath his smooth, taut skin. Adonis savored the feeling of tightness, the heat and slick moisture of her channel as it clenched, seeming to pull him in and milk his aching cock. 

Their mouths did battle, tongue attacking tongue, teeth sinking into lips. Beads of perspiration coated their straining bodies. Elena wrapped her legs around his waist, squeezing him, lifting herself off the bed in her frantic desire to cleave closer to him. He was talking in a low, husky voice -- a stream of ancient Greek that she didn't literally understand, but the gist was abundantly clear. Her senses were blending in that delicious confusion -- she felt high from the adrenaline -- as if she could taste color and feel the sounds he made. 

Adonis reached behind him and grabbed hold of her ankles, unhitching them, and then swung them both over so he was on his back and Elena was astride him. She arched her back and slammed her body down on top of his, his hard shaft spearing her deep, and dragging across the front wall of her pussy as she undulated. Her hands were braced on his hard abs as she rode him. He gazed up at her, mesmerized, his hands resting on her lean thighs. 

She felt Petros enter the room. Breathing a happy sigh, she felt a sense of completeness that compounded the luxurious pleasure she'd been experiencing with his brother one-to-one. He'd removed his clothes quietly and efficiently, and joined them on the bed, kneeling behind Elena as he ran his elegant, strong hands down her body, cupping and molding her sensitive breasts, making her groan from the pain/joy he created. His mouth moved down the side of her neck; he sank his teeth softly where her shoulder became curved. 
