 "The only difference between you and me is I can't go out and find 20 women to gangbang me, but you could find 20 men to fuck you. And you would if there were no consequences. You're too successful, and have too much to lose, but oh, if you could."

Sara turned her head to look at me, and her dark brown eyes had that crazy wide eyed look of wonder that had drawn me to her in the first place. She knew I liked her, knew her, and was being honest without judgment.

We kissed.

"Tell me more." she said with a shaky voice, and licked her lips.

I caressed her and put my mouth close to her ear, whispering, stroking her head, her long blonde hair running through my hands.

"A room with so many men, you're looking around at them, their hands all over your body, their eyes shining, their pupils dilated, making their eyes shine, as they gaze at you. Loving what they see, your base, dark sexuality and power."

She whimpered and rubbed her pussy against me, shaking.

"Fuck" she said as I kissed her ear and continued.

"Hours of primordial lustful bliss. straddling one of them cowgirl style while another holds you gently from behind, cupping your breasts. You're staring at them with unhidden craven power. Smiling, you first orgasm coming up suddenly, you're surprised, and smile as you rock on his cock, trying to make it last. The men in the room make noises, gasps, or words of amazement and desire. You feel the guy you're riding shoot inside you as he screams 'Jesus! Jesus! Jesus!' And bounces you on his crotch.

You stand up on the bed, you feel some of his cum dripping out of you, and lay back on the bed, motioning to the man of your choice, he's shaking as climbs onto the bed and puts his dick inside you."

Sara was rubbing against me now fast, hard.

"Fuck me. And keep talking."

I roll her over and started fucking her. I find the sweet stroke I know she likes. She came faster than normal, and then started grinding frantically up at me as I continued my short, hard upward strokes.

"Right there you tell him." I whisper, and you cum.

And she did, again.

I press hard against her clit as she shakes with it.

"Tell me more, fuck".

"You beautiful fucked up angel. You motion to another man and he rushes over at your beck and call. His shaking like he's cold, and he can't take his eyes off you. You open your mouth. He puts his cock in your mouth and you make yummy sounds, which you know will drive him insane. 'Oh fuck, I can't stop it,' he says, and he throws his head back as he yells and cums in your mouth. You don't swallow. Move you tell him, you want the guy you fucking to see your face. He's stroking faster, frantic. You smile as the cum spills out of your mouth, down your chin. He's looking at you, freaking out, 'Oh my fucking god,' he says. 'Keep looking at me fucker,' you say, 'Shoot that load.' and he does, violently shaking and squirming on top of you. You laugh. 'Get off.' you tell him, and point to who you think is the best looking man in the room, tall, blonde, looks like a rock climber. 'You. Get over here.' The men in the room watching are stroking their cocks, you can tell one of them is about to cum. 'Get over here and spray on me, my face.' The man about to fuck you moves out of the way, as the man about to cum rushes over and does as you tell him. A big load shoots out as he gets near, from two feet away he's so worked up, all over your face and neck. The best looking guy, they have no names to you now, hurriedly mounts you. 'Fuck baby.' he says, 'I don't know how long I can last looking at you.' You laugh. 'I just want your dick, fuck me motherfucker.' He's fucking you hard, you can feel all his muscles as you run your hands around his body, grabbing his rock hard buttocks and you can tell he ain't gonna last. You giggle. the men in the room mutter under their breath, almost a moaning sound. You own them."

As I say that last thing I suck her nipple and Sara cums again.

"You fucking evil fucker," she says, "You evil fucker."

I laugh and after kissing her neck softly I nibble on her ear and continue my story.

"You look around, and as another man starts fucking you, you see another guy and realize he's pretty attractive, older gray and blonde, then you realize it's me."

Sara stops thrusting against me, and pushes against my shoulders took look me in the face. 

"What are you doing?"

"I'm adding myself."

"That's weird, but kinda fun to think about but then not fun to think about."

"It's a fantasy baby."

Sara pauses.

"Okay."

We're moving against each other again. Sara is still looking into my eyes, knitted eyebrows with that cute questioning look she gets.

I move my mouth near her ear again, and whisper, "You look at the man fucking you, he's hispanic, dark hair, his eyes are closed, his mouth slightly open. He has nice teeth

Sara giggles underneath me. "The writer in you." but I can feel that her eyes are closed again, and I pull back and look at her as I work her sweet spot. She has that look of concentration she gets she when she fucks.

I kiss her neck again and move my lips to her other ear. She make a soft "hmm' sound.

"You look to the side, there's a mirror there."

"Oh, I like mirrors." Sara whispers.

"You see yourself, your brown eyes are slits. Evil. Craven. 'I look like an evil elf' you think to yourself. You can feel a man stroking your beautiful long blonde hair, and you see him in the mirror. It's me. You can see cum in places on the tanned skin of your cheek. It wonderful and bad, and insane. You look at me in the mirror again, our eyes lock, you want me. You look back at the man fucking you, 'Look at me,' you tell him 'I don't wanna cum yet' he says, it's almost a whimper. 'Look at me.' you say again. You know you look beautiful and nasty and evil and he'll lose it. He opens his eyes and almost immediately starts to cum. 'Fuckin jesus, fuckin fuck, fuck, you you beautiful evil whore, fuck you fucking wonderful beautiful fuckin slut fuck fuck fuck fuck' You think for a moment he'll have a heart attack, but he just slowly slides out of you, quivering. Looking down at you like you're some kind of angel.

Sara is frantically moving against me now, she going to cum again. when she does she makes a guttural sound. I look down at her, and She's staring back, her eyes wide, almost desperate.

"Oh fuck John, Jesus, fuck, oh, oh, oh."

She's me holding me tightly, her arms and legs pulsing. I can feel her hands go into tight fists.

"I'm so fucked up. You fuck me up. John"

"But it's a good fucked up baby girl." I whisper.

"Oh yes. Keep talking fucker."

I suck on her left nipple.

"Okay baby. The men surround you, waiting for their turn with you. You know you look nasty, sweaty, cum on you. In you. You hear someone say 'Wow, fucking wow.' Another man has mounted you, and you look at his face. He looks trancelike 'Damn I'm fucking good' you tell yourself. He comes, more quietly than the others. You smack the guy who has just cum in you on the ass. 'Get off, time for someone else.' You reach over your head, feeling for my hand, you find it and pull me towards you. I come around to the front, and slide on top of you. I'm back a bit, and I tell you to lift your head and look down. You can see my cock going in and out of you, covered in cum, and it makes you have another orgasm, you're holding me, looking into my eyes as you shake and spasm. You're so fucking evil

"Your the fucking devil." Sara says and cums. "Your the fucking devil." she repeats while she finishes cumming.

"Shoot in me." She says.

I focus, like I have to to cum, which she likes because it means we fuck for a long time when we fuck, and she knows I'll get it back up again soon. I scream her name while she holds me tight and I shoot my cum into her. 

She whispers in my ear, "So good huh, so good."

"Oh yes baby." I say. 

My cock is still kind of hard, so I just stay in her. I know she can feel my cum coming out of her, and I know she likes that. 

"I did a gangbang once." she says

I look at her face. She's beautiful. So pretty. So smart. So sexually needy. I can tell she's wondering if she should tell me more.

I say, "Really? You did?"

"Yeah, about five years ago. It just happened. I took a trip to Seattle."

"Seattle is where you go for gang bangs?"

Sara laughed, "No asshole, I took a trip to see Kurt Cobain's birthplace."

I kissed her neck, "Tell me more."

"Fuck, I've never told anyone about this, not even my husband. Jesus, I feel like I can tell you anything."

I can feel myself getting hard again. "Go on."

"I went to a bar, and some guys at a table sent me a drink."

"How many?"

"Five. They were attractive as hell. Five good looking dudes. Bartender put an expensive glass of scotch in front of me, and said, 'Those guys over there bought you a drink.' I took a sip and went to their table and sat down. They were nice, clean well dressed, suits. We talked a bit, they were funny. They offered me some coke. I hadn't done it in a long time, but I was feeling frisky and powerful. Of course you don't take a drug from strangers if you're not stupid. I said, 'You don't have to drug me. I'll go somewhere with you if you want guys.' It just came out. I don't know why. They freaked out. This one guy, really good looking, tall, fit, laughed and said, 'It's just coke, I swear.' So I took the coke, and went to the bathroom and snorted some. It was good stuff."

"And then what?"

"I went back to the table, we talked and one of them said we could go to his house and have fun. They were in two cars, and went with the extra good looking tall guy and his friend. We drove about ten minutes, I saw the address, I don't know why, I just noticed it, I wanted to know where I was, and we all went inside."

Sara paused, remembering. She bit her lower lip, looking off into space. She turned her eyes to me with a questioning look.

"You want me to go on?'

"Hell yes girl."

She smiled, "We sat around, it felt a bit awkward, we were in a living room, so I just stood up and started taking my clothes off. I was down to my bra and panties, and they all stood up and the tall guy took his clothes off. He kissed me, took my hand and we went to the bedroom, the other guys following, taking their clothes off as we walked down the hall. It was pretty surreal and exciting. We got to the bedroom, there was a mirror next to the bed. I remember looking at myself, surrounded by five guys, I unstrapped my bra, and took my panties off, watching myself. It was strange, like I was watching a movie, not me. I was wet as fuck, and scared, and excited. I remember I was shaking. One of the men asked if I was okay, I just said, 'Yeah, I just wanna fuck." and they looked more freaked out than I was. It made me feel safe and powerful. I laid on the bed and the really good looking guy started fucking me. It was awesome. And then it wasn't"

"What happened? What do you mean?"

"Well, the first guy fucked me for a while, made me cum, came in me, kissed me. Was gentle. Nice but while he was fucking me I was looking at the other guys, and I didn't like their eyes. They didn't appreciate me. I could see it, they just wanted to use me. I mean don't get me wrong, I wanted to be used, it jacked me up, I wanted it, but they had a mean look in their eyes I didn't like. I thought to myself, god, I gotta fuck all these guys. I just wanted to leave, but then I thought, yeah, I got gotta fuck all these guys, and that made me feel nasty, and I liked that. So I just kept thinking that thought while they took turns fucking and cumming in me."

"Crazy girl." I said, and kissed her slow and long.

She grabbed my face with both hands, forcing me to look her in the eyes.

"I gotta fuck all these guys,' and that thought made me happy. Fucked up huh?"

"No baby. But I hope you got out of there okay?"

"Oh I did. It was awesome and awful at the same time. The only time I came was with the first guy, and at the end, when I was dripping a lot of cum out of my pussy and the last guy was fucking me. It was nasty. I liked it at the end and the beginning. And then I just wanted to leave. I got up and a couple of them were getting hard again and I said I wanted to take a quick shower. I went to the living room and grabbed my clothes and purse, went to the bathroom and took a shower, and called a cab on my cell. I left my bra and panties in the bedroom. I'm sure one of those fuckers kept it for a keepsake."

She laughed. "They'll always remember me, probably the best fuck they ever had."

Sara laughed again. Her eyes narrowed, "Hm, yeah."

"Jesus girl, I love you, you slut."

She gripped me tight with her arms and legs. She pulled me close, we kissed,and she moved her mouth to my ear.

I went to the door to leave, and one of the guys said, 'Hey baby, what are you doing?' I told him that it had been fun, but I was leaving, he grabbed my arm, and started to pull me back to the bedroom, and I told him, 'I said it was fun, but I'm leaving. Now it will be rape, let me go.' He called me a bitch, and then the nice guy, the really good looking one who was a good fuck said, ''Leave her alone Phil, she wants to leave." He was naked, but walked me to the door, told me 'Thank you," and asked how I was getting to my hotel. I told him I called a cab, he said 'Thanks sweet baby,' and kissed me, I left. I waited outside for five minutes and my cab came."

"Damn, wish I could have been there to make it better for Sara."

"No, I'm glad you weren't, that would mean you live in Seattle and wouldn't be here to give me good dick, I'm never going back to Seattle. I'd never have met you. I don't want to risk running into any of those guys again baby!'

"You crazy, beautiful nut Sara."

"Yeah, I still masturbate to the beginning and end of that night."

"Glad there's some good memories from it."

"Yeah. I can feel you inside me hard again baby."

I was.

"Fuck me John"

"God you're fucking slutty, crazy, beautiful, awesome amazing Sara."

"I know. I fuck you up too, don't I?"

"Yeah."

I made her cum some more and put more of my cum inside her.