 Hi there. 

We're moving the story forward in Chapter 13, and I am a little sorry (okay, not sorry) to say that this one is more about propelling the drama. Not much hot sex in this chapter. I'll make it up to you very soon. And then some. I promise. 

But if you have been wondering where these characters have been taking us, there are many important revelations in this segment of the story. I really hope you like it, or at least that you hang with me a little bit.

Kisses,

L

***

It had been nearly a week since the attempted attack at the port. During that time, the boys had barely left her side. They stopped going to Athens and worked from their office in the villa. The only one who left the villa was Dimitri, and that was mainly to get supplies from town. 

But Elena wouldn't let Adonis and Petros in the bathroom with her now -- not while she took the test. She was unaccountably nervous. Her wristwatch was sitting on the vanity, counting down, and the plastic strip was next to it. 

She looked at herself in the mirror. Her eyes were wide, her cheeks flushed. Her hair was still tousled from sleep. She could feel the boys pacing around on the other side of the closed door. Everyone's thoughts were so chaotic that she couldn't make out anything coherent. 

Elena wondered what made her more nervous – the prospect of being pregnant, or of not being pregnant. She felt a series of tiny little flutters in her belly and it left a warm sense of well being. 

Of course, she already knew what the test would say. She'd known from the beginning. 

Looking down at the test strip, she smiled as she saw the answer confirmed. 

There was nothing ambiguous about that little plus sign. 

Her eyes swam with tears, as she turned and yanked open the door. The boys halted and spun towards her. Their bodies were tense as their eyes searched her face. They held their breath, noting her tears. Each man hoped that it meant what they'd fervently been wishing, but they were both afraid to break the silence first.

Elena's voice was low, trembling with feeling: "It's official – I'm... we're... having a baby."

The brothers exhaled violently, frozen in place momentarily over the impact of her words.

A tear ran down her cheek as she looked from one lover to the other. "Are you... Are you... How do you feel about –" 

Her words broke off as the men dropped on their knees in front of her, pulling her close. Their faces were buried in her tender tummy, arms wound around her midsection. She bent toward them, tears flowing freely now, as she ran loving fingers through their hair. 

Sliding down to her knees as well, the boys smothered her with their exuberant kisses. Elena felt a transporting joy, pushing against the fears that were wreaking havoc in the back of her mind. 

"Ine éna thávma." Adonis whispered against Elena's lips. "It's a miracle." He translated. 

"Incredible, our beautiful girl." Petros's voice was hoarse with emotion. 

"There is so much to discuss..." Elena began. The boys hushed her and caressed her, rocking her in their arms. They were right – there'd be plenty of time for that later.

Rising slowly to their feet, the boys drew her toward the bed. Petros removed her robe and Adonis lifted her in his arms, swiveling gracefully to deposit her gently on the mattress. Tugging off their clothes, they slipped into bed on either side of her. Elena was on her back turning first right then left to kiss each beautiful man. She looked down bemusedly as they both moved down her body. She moaned a little as each claimed one aching nipple. But they kept going, finally pressing their faces to her bare stomach. 

Three pairs of legs were intertwined as they settled together. Elena found herself humming a little tune as she soothed and stroked both of them. This intimacy was deeply stirring to her. 

Her belly was damp from their tears. She breathed a sigh of pure bliss. 

A soft breeze from the sea outside blew the sheer curtains inward. Elena's eyelids were growing heavy as she heard the cooing of a dove. Turning toward the sound, she saw the lovely white bird perched on the balustrade at the open window. The creature cocked its head to one side as it regarded her through the nearly transparent, billowing panel. She was still smiling faintly as sleep took over. 

Aphrodite was not alone this time, Selene and Eddy were there, too. The space in which they met was strangely indistinct – it was glowing with a pale pink light, but there was a thick white mist covering the ground. Elena felt almost as if they were standing atop a cloud.

Elena moved toward the trio, but found she was gliding rather than running – as if there was no solid surface beneath her feet. Her mother's arms enfolded her. Selene pressed her lips to Elena's forehead and rocked her a little as her daughter burst into happy tears. 

Exchanging a slightly worried look with first her husband, and then Aphrodite, she let Elena calm herself before leaning back to look into her face. 

"Hi baby girl." She smiled tenderly as she paused, regarding her for a few moments before playfully adding: "What's new, kiddo?" They all laughed as Elena brushed the remaining tears from her cheeks.

"Oh... you know... not much. Just the most incredible news ever." Elena tried to sound light-hearted, but the tremor in her voice gave her away.

"How do you feel, poppet?" Eddy asked, brushing her wild tangle of curls back over one shoulder before cupping the side of her face. Elena leaned into his hand and seemed to be considering his question.

"It's funny... I feel so many conflicting things: strong and yet somehow fragile, excited but also exhausted, and ecstatic, while at the same time, completely terrified."

"Yep, that's about right." Eddy drawled, kissing the top of her head as he ruffled her hair. 

"Please, as if a man has any idea." Aphrodite cut in, but her sarcasm was completely tempered by an affectionate tone. She moved closer and pulled Elena into a quick hug, then placed one elegant palm against her still-flat tummy.

"I cannot believe you're going to turn me into a fucking grandmother..." She shook her head in mock annoyance, but the corner of her beautifully shaped mouth was twitching with humor. 

Looking up at the rest of them, the goddess continued: "Is there such a thing as a 'GILF'?"

Eddy barked out a laugh as Selene merely rolled her eyes, grinning.

Sobering slightly, Aphrodite put her hands on Elena's shoulders and said decisively: "It's time to bring my boys into this little conference of ours." Turning to look over her left shoulder, she delicately cleared her throat and called out softly to Adonis and Petros.

A puff of mist swirled up and revealed the two men, who both looked surprised – first at their surroundings, and then at the four of them. 

"Matera? Agape-mou?" Petros moved closer and ran his hand along Elena's arm as if to make sure she was real. Adonis joined him and looked from Elena to the others before possessively wrapping one arm around her waist and pulling her closer. He searched her eyes and asked if she was alright.

Elena smiled up at him, gentle laughter in her voice as she said: "Adonis, Petros – allow me to introduce you to Selene and Endymion... my parents." 

Selene nudged Eddy with her shoulder and he finally moved forward a bit stiffly before reaching out a hand. The brothers, seemingly nonplussed, politely shook it in turn as they nodded respectfully at Selene. Elena could tell that they were stunned by too many things to count.

"So? No hug? No kiss? Is that any way to greet your mother?" Aphrodite, hands on hips, looked at her boys with one raised eyebrow. But Elena could see a glimmer of moisture in her eyes. 

Petros walked toward his mother first, and took her hands in his and kissed both of her cheeks. As he was about to step back, the goddess suddenly wrapped her arms around him and hugged him hard. After the briefest of surprised hesitation, his strong arms surrounded her and he hugged her back. The beautiful woman made a soft noise against Petros's chest that sounded a lot like a sob. 

Elena heard Adonis's sharp intake of breath at her side. She looked up at him, his jaw was tight and he seemed to have trouble swallowing. She pushed him toward his mother and brother. He put a tentative hand on Aphrodite's shoulder and with a small sigh, she turned and launched herself into Adonis's arms. Petros turned to look at Elena, his dark eyes unabashedly filled with tears. She pulled him to her and slipped her arms around his chest under his arms. 

He spoke into her hair: "So, I take it that you know each other...?" Elena nodded against him. There was something about the complicated bond between this mother and sons that affected her very deeply. It was going to take her a minute before she could speak.

The goddess answered for her, saving Elena the trouble of explaining. "I've been visiting your Elena for this last little while. Almost since the beginning."

She finally released Adonis, but first ran a loving hand along his handsome face before stepping back and wiping an errant tear from her cheek with the back of her hand. 

"Have you?" It was Adonis who spoke, his tone hard to read. He moved closer to Petros and Elena, and protectively rubbed her back. Elena straightened and turned to slip one of her arms around him, so she was now holding onto both men. He kissed her temple, but continued to watch his mother's face. 

"But before you get upset, don't. I told her not to tell you. And as you both know quite well, I'm hard to resist when I want something." 

Adonis grunted in agreement, as Petros ran a hand across his forehead. 

"So you've been spending time with our Elena." Petros seemed pensive. It was a statement, but delivered more like a question.

Aphrodite was interested in getting back to business. "Yes, I've grown quite fond of your – what is the term? 'Baby mama?'" Selene groaned and Elena snorted, the laughter a bit of relief after the tense emotion of the preceding few minutes. 

"But we need to get practical here." She continued crisply. Suddenly, they all found themselves standing on the gracious patio of a large stone house, a wrought iron and glass outdoor dining table was set with an opulent breakfast. 

The view from the patio was of a massive, peaceful lake surrounded by elegant villas, flanked by copses of evergreens and Cyprus pointing up, up toward craggy, snow-capped mountains. Stone steps led down to the water, where a pair of swans were skimming the glassy surface. Tiny wisps of mist rose in the fresh morning air. 

"Ah, Lake Como. Nice." Eddy remarked, as he pulled out one of the cushioned chairs and sat down, helping himself to a crystal glass of orange juice. "Remember that summer in 1867, dearest?"

"Mmm. Of course I do. That was when we met Sam Clemens. He was so delightfully 'American'." Selene had joined Eddy at the table, and was picking up a strawberry with her fingers. "You had quite the non-sexual man crush, as I recall. I was always sure that was why we ended up living in the States." 

She looked at Elena's confused expression and said: "Mark Twain, baby girl."

"I'm sorry - what?" Elena asked, thoroughly confused.

"It wasn't a man crush, don't be crazy. I just thought he was funny." Eddy spoke slowly and patiently, glancing up to wink at his daughter. 

Meanwhile, Aphrodite was pouring thick, steaming coffee into a china cup from an elaborate little espresso pot. 

"Is there any raw sugar over there, handsome?" She asked Eddy. He passed her the sugar bowl. 

Adonis had clearly had enough. His voice, when he spoke, belied barely contained frustration as he gripped the back of one of the chairs and leaned forward. "My apologies for interrupting your breakfast, but can we focus, please? What are we all doing here?"

Petros nodded, murmuring a thank you to his brother as he pulled out one of the chairs and offered it to Elena. He dropped a kiss onto the top of her head as she sank into it. She shivered a little in the crisp air. As she began to rub her arms, she suddenly found herself swathed in a baby blue cashmere wrap. She glanced up at her mother, who grinned and winked at her.

"Is that better, Lena-mou?" She passed to her a small plate loaded with fruit and a crispy cornetto – the Italian version of a croissant. Elena took it automatically, and murmured a thank you. 

She was starting to feel almost drunk, the whole thing was so surreal.

"Always to business, Adoni. No wonder you're so successful. Okay, fine. We need to talk about what to do now. How to keep you – all of you --" she nodded meaningfully toward Elena as she stirred sugar into her coffee. "Safe."

"We can keep her safe." Petros declared, resting one of hands on Elena's shoulders. 

"Not in Greece, you can't. Not anymore." Eddy pronounced. The charming playboy was no longer evident in his tone or manner. His voice was more authoritative, more "princely" than Elena had ever heard. 

"You're all going to need to relocate. Immediately. And you're going to need more help."

Adonis and Petros each sank down into chairs on either side of Elena. He had their undivided attention.

"My Elena will be vulnerable throughout the pregnancy. And now that Typhon has found her..." Petros inhaled sharply at this, and shot a look toward his brother, who returned it and clenched his jaw, sliding a hand over Elena's knee. "Now you all will be easier to track. Santorini is not safe for you."

"What do you mean – 'vulnerable during her pregnancy'?" Adonis asked, his voice quiet.

It was Selene who answered. "Elena is awakening, as you may know. But what you don't know is that there was a prophesy about her, too. A prophesy that is entwined with your own."

Petros moved closer to Elena. "What? What kind of prophesy?" Her heart ached for them at this moment. She closed her eyes, grasped each of their hands, and willed a sense of calm and comfort to them. She felt both men react as they felt her wave of empathy. Adonis brought her hand to his lips with reverence.

Selene watched the trio for a moment, her maternal affection evident. She was secretly thrilled to see how much power her daughter was developing – and at such a rapid pace. And to see her so loved – it warmed her heart, despite, or maybe even because of the unorthodox nature of the threesome. But the boys had to know what they were facing, so she continued with the history.

"Sybil foretold before she was born that Elena would have the power to – as she put it – 'reweave the fabric of the earth.' There are many among our kind who would resist this sort of change. She also told us that her immortality would be compromised while she was with child. It is her unique fatal weakness as a demigod."

"What does this mean – fatal weakness?" Petros asked, looking to his mother. She took a sip of coffee first, considering her reply.

"Fatal weakness is something each demigod has. It is a "chink in the armor" so to speak. Like a small window of mortality. It is different each time – though for you two." She looked at each of her sons in turn. "Since you are twins – your weakness is the same." 

"You've never spoken of this before. Why?" Adonis shook his head with sadness. Elena could not help thinking, given what she'd read in his mind of his long painful history, that he'd have tried to invoke this mortality at some stage, had he known. She found herself silently thanking the goddess for withholding it from them. As if sensing her thoughts, Aphrodite looked into Elena's eyes and gave a barely perceptible nod. 

Aphrodite sighed, putting down her coffee cup. "Let's not all get so maudlin. I never talked about this with you boys because – well, frankly because I didn't think the odds of your weakness being exposed were terribly likely. I never foresaw this one coming along." 

The otherwise harshness of such a statement was negated by the affectionate smile she bestowed on Elena as she said it. She continued: "But here it is: For you two – the oracles told me that your immortality would be challenged while your original issue remained unawakened."

"What does that mean?" It was Elena who asked. She was chilled by and rejected the very idea that anything would make her beautiful lovers vulnerable – but what did the goddess mean by "original issue"?

"It means they will be mortal when their first children are born, until those children reach divine awakening." There was a look of melancholy on the divine beauty's face as she watched Elena's expression change as understanding dawned.

"Wait – what?! So... once the baby is born, they will be mortal until he... or she... is like, what, twenty something?! No – that is --- no! It can't be!" Elena had risen from her chair, her alarm bringing frustrated tears. 

Petros and Adonis were on their feet, trying to gentle Elena between them. They looked at one another over her head and shared a thought, but were unprepared when she heard it and had another outburst.

"No! It's not alright – not with me! Do you think I'd willingly do anything that would put you two in danger?!"

"Only the one whose child you're carrying will be in danger, dearest." Aphrodite interjected gently. Elena gasped, and clutched her belly defensively. 

Everyone grew still. The idea that the child only belonged to one of the brothers hadn't really occurred to them until that moment. The brothers exchanged another look, and then glanced anxiously at Elena to see her reaction. 

She felt as if she was being torn emotionally into bits. How could she have this baby if that endangered her boys? How could only one of them be the father of this child when her love for them both was so intertwined? How could she even think of not having this baby, when she knew that she already adored it beyond measure? And what of the rest of the prophesies? What did this baby's existence mean? It was too much – too big. 

She was shaking her head, her lips moving silently, as if she was somehow praying.

Selene had come around the table and pulled her daughter into an embrace. Elena began to cry in earnest, her face buried in her mother's shoulder. Adonis ran a weary hand through his hair and Petros dropped back down into his seat at the table.

"Listen..." Aphrodite continued, "I know this is a lot to deal with, but everyone needs to calm down. Between all of us, and with the help of our friends and family, we can -- we WILL find a way to protect all of you... my little grandchild included." 

"She's right." Eddy added. "Twenty-five years may sound like a lot right now, but we all know it goes by in a flash. We just have to plan things out and be careful."

"And..." The goddess of love continued, "We need to find out who is behind the threats – who is pulling the strings that led to the attacks by Typhon."

"Attacks – plural?" Adonis was pulled out of his reverie by this, and he sat back down and leaned forward.

"Yes, last week wasn't the first time he's gone after Elena. It was he and the harpies who attacked us when she was a teenager. That car accident. It was why we had to play dead and go into hiding. We knew we'd need to put distance between us and Elena in order to throw them off her trail." Selene confirmed, as she settled Elena back into her chair and rewrapped the shawl around her shoulders.

"Typhon had been consigned to Tartarus, right?" Petros's voice was strong, determined. He was drumming the tabletop with strong fingers as he spoke, he looked intense and thoughtful. 

"Right." Eddy chimed in, leaning forward as if tapping into Petros's chain of thought. 

"So..." he continued, undoing his ponytail and running his fingers through the silky strands while his mind churned. Elena felt a wave of love and desire as she looked at his beautiful hair, his strong cheekbones, and the power evident in his almost black eyes. "There are only a few beings with the power and knowledge to break the wards of the underworld." 
