 Thank you so much for sticking with us on this winding journey. For anyone new to this series, I strongly suggest you read them in sequence. They probably don't really work individually or out of chronological order. 

 This is a story-driven series. It does have hot sex (well, at least I hope you think it's hot), but is more about building the larger narrative, rather than being quick "spank bank" material. So if you don't like long and complex tales, you should probably hit escape right around now.

 Also, I've been told that I probably should have categorized this in the non-human or fantasy categories, but since the core of the story is a committed, loving threesome, and I started out here, I'm keeping it within Group Sex for simplicity's sake. 

 XX

L

 ***

 Elena had been spending a lot of time with Aphrodite in the days following the fateful discussion with Petros and Adonis about her possible pregnancy. 

 Because this time with the goddess always happened while Elena was sleeping, she had not yet shared with the boys her close acquaintance with their beautiful, but rather intimidating mother. 

 One reason for withholding this information was quite simply that the lady asked her not to speak of it yet. The other reason was that at some level Elena still wasn't sure it was real. She wondered at her own calm acceptance of everything that had happened in the last week, and was partially afraid that this was all just some strange, stress-induced "mental break". That maybe she'd rudely awaken (probably in a hospital bed) to find this had all just happened in her head. 

 Bizarre though it was, Elena began to look forward to seeing and talking with the divine beauty. It was certainly more satisfying than just hearing the lady's snarky voice intruding inside her head at awkward moments. Though, if Elena were being honest with herself, she'd admit that she found the goddess's sarcastic running commentary pretty damn funny. She knew Aphrodite ruled over beauty and love, but she never would have guessed she'd have such a wicked sense of comedic timing. 

 But it was about more than just amusement for Elena. There was something comforting about the communion they shared. Deprived of her mother as well as her father at a young age, and badly missing her aunt, Elena felt an almost maternal bond with the divinity. It seemed improbable to feel such a thing with the sexiest, most gorgeous creature imaginable, and yet Elena did. And despite being many thousands of years old – she looked only about Elena's age. 

 Their discussion could be quite frustrating, however, because Aphrodite frequently spoke in riddles and would only answer some of Elena's questions – often imparting rather cryptic information. 



For Elena, the drama during her waking hours had, gratefully, died down for the moment. The lives of the sexy threesome had begun to take on a sort of delightful pattern. The trio always ended up sleeping, their sated, naked bodies intertwined, in the same bed. Whose bed it was varied; sometimes it was Elena's room, sometimes one of the brothers'. 

 Their sexuality had not been at all diminished by the astonishing revelation of Elena's "birth control malfunction". They were making love every night before going to sleep, waking during the night to fuck again, and in the morning Elena would have sex with one or both of the men before they set off for their morning exercise regimes. 

 The boys were treating her with more gentleness, however. Their passionate attentions were far less physically aggressive than they had been before. Elena sometimes tested the limits of the barely-contained restraint they showed, but she didn't push too hard. Like them, she too was mindful of the potential life inside her. Even if she wasn't one hundred percent sure it was really there, she didn't want to take any chances. Plus, these days she often tired very quickly – something new for Elena. 

 Each morning, Elena would take breakfast with the boys before they left for work or their various responsibilities. They would fly off to Athens or someplace, and she would go spend hours in the studio – often only breaking when Maria or Dimitri came to summon her to lunch. 

 After lunch Elena would work until the late afternoon, and then find someplace to nap until the boys came home. She loved these short daytime kips and would take them in snug little places all over the property: the studio loft, the office divan, a lounge chair by the pool under a shady umbrella, one of the boy's beds – anyplace soft where she could curl up. These naps were some of the best opportunities to spend quality time with the goddess. 

 But there would be no nap today: This was the day that her friends were departing Santorini for their next holiday stop, Mykonos. 

 Elena had arranged with Pam that she'd meet them down by the docks to see them off. They were taking a hydrofoil called "The Flying Dolphin" to the other island. Elena looked out the window of the Mercedes as Dimitri drove carefully past the throngs of people around the ferry terminal. She marveled that it was only days ago that she, like the other tourists, gazed with fresh wide eyes at the blinding whites and blues of this island paradise. 

 And yet now it was home, and her life would never be the same. She smiled to herself, contentedly stretching slightly stiff muscles in the hushed, air conditioned car. 

 Glancing up, she saw Dimitri looking at her in the rear-view mirror. She smiled openly at him, one eyebrow raised in inquiry.

 "You're very quiet today, Miss Elena." He observed. His voice and expression were gentle, making his otherwise fierce countenance rather handsome. 

 "Yeah, I guess I am. Sorry." Elena laughed a little. "I'm just thinking about how fast my life has changed." 

 She was still smiling, but Dimitri could see that she was caught up in her thoughts. He felt a rush of warm protectiveness for the sweet-natured, lovely young woman. He realized this had very little to do with the deep and abiding loyalty he felt for Adonis and Petros. She was earning this devotion for herself.

 "For the better, I hope?" His straight white teeth flashed in an uncharacteristically unguarded smile, while his eyes were again focused on navigating through the crowds and narrow lanes around them. 

 "Oh my god, yes! So much so that it makes me nervous, you know? It's way more than I deserve..." Her voice was a little breathless from emotion. 

 Her head snapped up at his quick and decisive "No."

 She caught his eyes again in the mirror, and his look was intense. He actually pulled the car to a stop at the side of the lane and turned in his seat to face Elena, his right arm trailing the back of the front passenger seat. His silver-gray eyes searched Elena's and his jaw was tight. He shook his head slightly before continuing:

 "Don't ever think that, Miss Elena. You deserve every good thing that life can offer you, and much more. Look, I know your life has not been easy - and you've had to deal with loss and loneliness..." Here he paused, glancing down in discomfort. Elena knew he'd probably been instrumental in the investigation of her background. He took a deep breath and found his resolve. He looked back into her eyes. "But know this: You are far better, and far more important than you realize. I would protect you with my life – and not because you are with the Kyrioi. Because of who YOU are."

 Elena was stunned and deeply moved. She couldn't speak for a moment, her throat felt strangely thick. She gently placed one hand on his forearm. Her eyes were shining with unshed tears that she tried to blink away. That weird deja vu thing was happening to her again as she found herself accepting Dimitri's pledge. The hair on the back of her neck stood on end. Through the fabric of his suit jacket and dress shirt, Elena could feel the warmth and sinewy muscles of Dimitri's forearm. He felt so solid. Her gratitude welled up and she felt filled with strength. When she could speak again, she said softly:

 "Efkharisto poly, Dimitri." 

 He stilled and slowly looked down at his arm. She realized that the tingling sensation she'd felt on her neck was running down her arm to her fingertips. She looked where his eyes were trained, and she saw that the dark hairs on his wrist and the knuckles of his hand were standing up – as if electrified. Gasping, Elena hastily withdrew her hand. 

 Dimitri shook his hand a bit, and ran his left palm across the back of his right hand. He looked curiously back at Elena, whose eyes had gone wide. 

 She looked down at her own hand and back at him, asking in a whisper: "What the hell was that?!" 

 Dimitri's eyes were inscrutable as he looked at her. 

 When he didn't answer, she continued: "You felt that, too? That... electricity?" He nodded once in reply. 

 As if mentally shaking himself, Dimitri said, his voice a bit strained: "Static electricity – like when you get a shock from a light switch. We should go so that you are not late for your friends." And turned in his seat to put the car back in drive and eased back onto the lane toward the terminal. 

 His eyes didn't meet hers again in the rear-view mirror. She knew something had badly rattled him and didn't buy the "static electricity" explanation one bit. Elena examined her hand, her mind turning over possibilities – each more unlikely than the last. 

 Then suddenly, they were parking and her musings had to wait. She saw her friends standing in a cluster with their luggage, over by the ramp, which was still gated. Elena felt a mix of happiness to see them, along with a fair bit of sadness to acknowledge they were really leaving. 

 Dimitri had her door open and was offering her a hand to step from the car. She hesitated for a fraction of a second before taking it. She looked up at him when nothing happened; all she felt was the warm pressure of his fingers. When their eyes met, she suddenly burst into laughter. Dimitri's eyes crinkled in amusement and he allowed himself a small chuckle, shaking his head in indulgence as he helped her to exit the vehicle.

 "I'll hang around here until they're ready to board – hope that's okay?" Her voice had returned to its usual playful lilt.

 "Of course, Miss Elena. Take all the time you need. I'll be here." He gave her his customary little bow, but there was a grin still tugging at the corners of his mouth. 

 Pam saw Elena approaching and yelled out a rather unladylike "ELENA!" The other three turned, their faces breaking into big smiles upon seeing her.

 Elena couldn't stop herself from running to her friends. Pam enfolded her in a massive hug, causing her to stumble a bit and burst into giggles. She was then enfolded into hugs by Costas, Nikki and Matt in turn. 

 Pam was saying: "I was hoping you would make it in time, but I should have realized the freaking boat would be late. This is Greece, after all." Costas ventured a mock protest at the anti-nationalistic implication, but was also laughing at the joke. 

 "I can't believe you guys are actually leaving already..." Elena said, her voice more than a little melancholy.

 "I can't believe you're actually STAYING!" Pam retorted teasingly. 

 Upon seeing her friend's doubtful expression, she quickly corrected herself: "No – listen, I'm kidding – seriously, I am really happy for you. Lucky bitch!" She poked Elena in the ribs playfully. Turning to the other three, Pam said "We're going to get some Nescafe Frappes – do you guys want one?"

 The guys shook their heads, but Nikki asked for one with milk and honey. Pam slung one arm around Elena's shoulders and fairly dragged her away toward a nearby concession stand where the delicious iced coffees were being sold. 

 "SO.." she began, and Elena mentally steeled herself for whatever was coming next. "Are you still sure? Are things still great with Adonis or are you having any second thoughts?" 

 Without even giving Elena a chance to reply, Pam continued: "Because you can always change your mind and just come with us – we can easily get your stuff later. I don't want you to feel pressure to stay, if you are not sure, okay?" 

 Elena impulsively wrapped her arms around Pam again, surprising and pleasing her caustic friend.

 "You know I love you, right?!" Elena said, her eyes swimming with tears. She laughed at Pam's reply of "duh! Of course I do."

 "I know it is totally mental. But for some reason, I know that this is right. I'm supposed to be here. It actually already feels like home. Is that crazy?"

 Pam considered for a moment, looking carefully at her friend's beautiful, radiant face. "Nope, it's the opposite of crazy if you tell me you love him, he loves you, and is good to you." 

 Elena beamed at Pam, suppressing the pang of guilt she felt over hiding the relationship she had with both gorgeous men. But with all – albeit not complete -- honesty she could say: "Adonis loves me, and I love him. And I've never been so happy or well cared for in my entire life."

 "I can actually see that." Pam said, still looking thoughtfully at Elena's face. "You look amazing – you are... glowing!" She said. 

 Elena felt a blush creeping into her cheeks. For a brief moment she wished she could unburden herself and discuss the possibility of being pregnant with her best friend, but immediately pushed it down – knowing that such news would create a huge drama and probably cause Pam to want to change her plans. Elena didn't want to mess up her friend's vacation any more than she already had.

 "Am I?" She asked shyly. Shaking her head as if the answer didn't matter, Elena went on: "And another thing – I've been working like crazy. You should see it – things I didn't even know I had in me! Having that studio, and this time to just create. It is incredible."

 "Oh my god – I'd forgotten about the studio! It's so great that you're actually working again. I'd love to see the stuff you're doing. Can you send me pictures?" 

 Not being visually artistic herself, Pam had always been very supportive of Elena's art, going to all of her shows and bringing people to see her work. She was frustrated that the break up with Elena's asshole boyfriend threw such a wrench into her ability to work. This news in some ways made her even happier for her friend. She'd always felt certain that Elena was meant to create.

 Elena was nodding enthusiastically, promising to snap some photos with her phone and send them as soon as she could. Privately, she was mentally cataloging her recent work, editing which ones she'd let people see. 

 Some of it had been rather... disturbing. Work that seemed to emerge from her subconscious, from places she didn't know she had, telling stories that she didn't even understand herself.

 As they paid for their coffees, a horn sounded the arrival of the hydrofoil. Costas's booming voice carried across the terminal as he called out to Pamela to hurry along. This was it – they were leaving. Elena was going to be on her own.

 Not on my own – Elena quickly corrected herself. She thought: 'I will be with two of the – she glanced over at Dimitri and warmly thought of him and his adorable wife – four of the most wonderful people in the world.' 

 "Hey - What about me? It's a bad idea to leave egotistical goddesses off your list, you know." The goddess's voice penetrated her thoughts. Elena laughed out loud. Pam's head swiveled to her, a smile spreading across her face.

 "What's funny?" she asked. Elena searched her mind quickly for something to say.

 "Oh – it's stupid – I was just thinking about how I looked like them just a week ago!" And she pointed to the arriving tourists, who all had stupefied looks on their faces as they regarded the island, straining to look up the winding hills.

 Pam barked out a hearty laugh. "Yeah – you've had quite a week." By this time, they'd rejoined the other three friends and Pam was turning to look soberly at her best friend.

 "Shit. I'm really gonna miss you." She pulled her into another hug. Whispering this only so Elena could hear it, she added: "Call or text whenever you want, and keep me posted on everything. And don't have TOO much sex!" 

 Elena laughed, pulling back to look at her friend's emotional expression. "I didn't know you thought there was such a thing!"

 As the girls laughed, their eyes glistened with tears. Both were aware that they would not see one another for some time. 

 Costas, wanting to stop them before their emotions bubbled over, pulled Pam aside and said: "Break it up you too. Let someone else have a chance." He caught Elena up in a big bear hug, smacking a loud kiss on her cheek, declaring: "Pedthi-mou, I will miss you, too. Be good!"

 Elena again shared hugs with Matt and Nikki, and walked with them all as far as she could before they stepped onto the docks and queued up to enter the hydrofoil. She moved over to the railing along the docks to watch as the boat filled with passengers and then prepared to depart. 

 Her friends stood on the stern behind the large enclosed cabin as the boat left the dock, waving madly at her. Elena's vision was blurred by her tears as she stayed there, waving back, until the boat surged away – gliding across the surface of the water and out of sight. 

 Brushing her tears away with the backs of her hands. Elena tried to compose herself before returning to Dimitri. She felt a little foolish for being so emotional. She was not normally a crier. 

 Just then, a chill ran down her back, and she suddenly felt a... what was it? A sort of presence nearby. A menacing presence. A feeling that she was being watched – or more accurately, stalked. Elena was unaccountably afraid to turn around. 

 In her head, she tentatively reached out to the goddess. 'Lady, are you around?'

 'I'm here, little one.' She answered, her voice low and soft. 'Your instincts are right, as usual. There is an enemy nearby. Call silently to your guardian – you know you can.'

 Still facing the sea, her hands gripping the rail so hard her knuckles were white, Elena pushed her thoughts out to find Dimitri. She knew he was leaning against the car. 

 'Dimitri – do you sense what I am sensing?' She pushed into his mind. He stiffened, his head swiveling first to Elena, then scanning the crowds of people around them for signs of danger.

 His voice in her head was crisp, and on high alert. 'Miss Elena – tell me what you feel. Where is it coming from?' 

 She focused and realized that she felt a dark coldness over her right shoulder – it didn't seem to be moving – but she felt it was watching her, full of hatred. 

 'Four o'clock. A cold, dark presence. I think it is watching us.' 

 Dimitri was moving toward her, but his eyes were scanning the area she indicated. He wasn't sure what to look for – but he searched for anything that seemed out of the ordinary. Elena's mobile phone was in her pocket, and began to ring. The boys!

 She fumbled to pull it out and answered breathlessly. "Agape-mou!" Adonis's voice conveyed his alarm. "Elena – what is happening? Where are you?"

 "At the ferry terminal. Dimitri is with me, but something is wrong." 

 Dimitri had reached Elena at this point, and was standing protectively behind her, still scanning the crowds behind and around them.

 "Tell me – what is it?!" Adonis seemed to be struggling to stay calm. 

 "A malevolent presence – watching, maybe. I don't know. It's cold, full of darkness." Elena looked out at the sea and gasped loudly. A dark cloud had formed above them, stretching out to the mouth of the bay. 

 "What is happening? Talk to me." Adonis sounded as if he was running while he spoke.

 "A storm, I think – "And suddenly the winds began to blow violently around them. Dimitri grabbed Elena by the arms and pulled her back toward the car. She looked back to watch the strange weather formation, and saw the cloud formation become conical, as a long finger seemed to reach down from its center toward the sea.
