 This was Sara's first Frat Party and she was a little nervous. She had heard about how wild they sometimes got. She was alone and thought that if it got too out of hand, she could always leave and walk back to her apartment house. Her sister/roommate was on a date and probably was going to get fucked, so Sara was looking for a distraction. She really didn't feel like sitting in her room alone.

When she arrived, she was greeted at once and shown downstairs to the "party room." It was wall to wall people and the smoke almost gagged her. There was a pool table in the middle of the room covered with a sheet of plywood to make a table. Under it was a beer keg and what looked like a thousand beer glasses on the table, some full but mostly empty. Someone filled a glass for her and she settled back to watch.

Some couples were dancing to hard rock music so loud it hurt her ears. Others were trying to talk and needing to yell at the top of their lungs to be heard. Some were making out in the corners. She watched them and wondered how far they would go. Their hands were already roaming. She sipped on her beer and made small talk with a couple of girls nearby. She had to yell. She was not sure this was for her.

Soon, someone organized a drinking game involving whiskey and beer. Jugs were passed around and the game consisted of drinking as much as possible in as short a time as possible. She took part for a while and it was fun, until she felt a little woozy and dropped out.

In the corner watching her was a tall good looking guy. She noticed him and smiled and he came over and introduced himself. "Hi," he said, "my name is Phil. You're new here aren't you? Freshman?" "Yeah," she replied, "I'm Sara. There's a first time for everything. I hope to have a good time."

"Well, there is no way a hot girl like you could not have a good time here!" He said. She laughed and said, "Thanks, but as long as there are hot guys like you around, I'm sure I will enjoy myself." She blushed and knew the drink was getting to her. He made a face and she playfully punched him. She was thinking that maybe this wasn't so bad after all. She liked the way he laughed. She liked the way he looked at her.

"So, tell me Phil, what happens at these parties? I've heard they can get pretty wild?"

"They can get just as wild as you want them to, Sara, but now that I've adopted you, I will watch out for you."

"Do you adopt freshman girls often?" She asked. "As often as I can, for sure. Where do you live?"

"My sister Patty and I just got an apartment over on sixth," she replied. "Still learning my way around. Do you know her?"

"I don't think so, but if she's as sexy as you, maybe I should." Sara laughed again and said, "Oh no you don't mister. You'd like her, but I saw you first."

"Ok with me, Sara." This was sounding better all the time. "Hey, would you dance with me?" He took her hand and they fought their way through the crowd.

The music was louder than ever and even though it was a fast song, there was no chance of moving very fast. They more or less stayed close and their bodies touched as they danced. Sara was surprised that she felt aroused, but with this hunk rubbing against her, she couldn't help it. She knew she was getting to him as well with her little tank top and short skirt barely hiding her tits and ass. A couple of times she thought she felt him getting hard. It pleased her. She could feel the drinks even more now. She pressed closer to Phil She was having fun! She was sorry when the music stopped.

Hot and sweaty, they moved back into the corner. Phil left her and went over to the table and returned with two beers and two whiskey chasers. He handed her drinks to her and downed his whiskey in one gulp, then took a swig of beer. She thought he was the neatest guy ever. She smiled, and downed her whiskey and followed with a big gulp of beer. 

"Outstanding!" he said. He reached over and kissed her quickly and when he pulled back, she grabbed his shirt and kissed him back hard.

"Hey Phil," someone shouted. "Where did you find her? She's hot! By the way, sweetheart, his name around here is Fuckin' Phil!" Everyone started laughing and pointing at them and Sara was embarrassed. Her face got red and she asked him "is it really Fuckin' Phil?" He just looked chagrined. They huddled in the corner.

"Don't pay any attention to those assholes, they're just jealous." He pulled her to him and kissed her again. She almost dropped her beer but did not pull away. Finally he let her go and she took a deep breath and leaned against the wall. She smiled at him again. She noticed there were fewer couples making out now.

"You are, without a doubt, the most beautiful girl here," he said. He put both hands on the wall on both sides of her, trapping her to him. She didn't know what to say, so she just put her arms around his waist and pulled him to her. They kissed deeply and swapped tongue action for a long moment.

As they pulled apart, he said "Would you like a tour of the house?" She thought for a moment, knowing this was a bad idea, but the drinks had hit her and she was horny and he was sexy and she didn't care. She hoped Patsy was doing as well. "Yeah," she said, "I would like that." They emptied their beers. She followed him out.

He led her over to the stairs and they went up to the main floor. He walked her through the dining room to a large recreation area full of people and without stopping he started up some stairs in the back. He didn't say anything and she followed silently holding his hand. They went up two flights and then down a hall and opened a door. "This is my room," he announced. "As a senior, I get a room with only one roommate instead of the sleeping halls." The room had two double beds, two closets and two desks with computers. She looked around and asked "Where is your roommate now?" He pulled her back to him. "Not here," He kissed her once again and she melted into his arms. His hands began to roam over her back and down to her bottom. She did not protest or resist. She knew they both wanted the same thing. His right hand moved over her breast and cupped it. His left hand slipped under her skirt. He touched her pussy through her panties and stroked gently. She moaned, "Want to get Lucky Phil?" She licked his earlobe. "Close the door." He grinned and moved to do so.

He checked the hallway, swinging the door closed and turned back to her. She had pulled off her top and was shimmying out of her skirt and panties. She was completely nude. His mouth dropped open and he stared at her in astonishment. 

"Y'see," Sara said grinning, "I'm a girl."

"God, I'll say you are, baby!" his hard-on jumped. Sara turned a circle, giving him a good look at her and snickered at him. Her tits stood high and proud and her trimmed pussy was framed by her slim hips. She crooked a finger at him and motioned for him to come closer. He began tearing his clothes off, popping shirt buttons and didn't stop until he was just as naked as she was. His cock was nearly slapping his stomach.

"That's impressive!" Sara said mildly, "No wonder they call you Fuckin' Phil." She knelt in front of him and skinned it down. Her hands were soft and warm. He put his hands in her hair as she milked the cock. Her perfume was eating at his brain. Then she licked the head and took it into her mouth, smiling up at him. "Are you gonna come, Phil?" she said.

He reached down and slipped both hands under her arms, lifted her and dropped her on the bed, all in one motion. Sara squealed and went "oof", her shapely white legs went up and out and he flung himself between them, his cock nodding heavily. She was smiling, he noticed as he stroked her with the cock then entered her slowly. He disappeared inside her and thrust, not too fast, but steadily. Sara opened her mouth as it speared her and sighed lovingly. "Oh, yeah. That's what a girl likes!"

He let himself down on her lovely breasts and scooped her ass up fucking the cock into her firm writhing body, deep and hot. Her legs held him, her arms slid around him. She sensed he could not wait. 

"Shoot it to me," she breathed. She grabbed his ass cheeks with both hands and held him tight.

He couldn't help himself. The exquisite sensation exploded in his brain and, fucking her wildly, the stuff welled up and spurted its milky gift. Sara spasmed with him and jerked wildly. He continued to jab and lunge long after he came. Sara enjoyed it too, but wanted more -- much more.

"You're a crazy fucker Phil." She whispered. He was still in her, moving his cock in and out gently.

"You're too much, Sara. You made me shoot too soon." He said. 

She only giggled lightly and replied "Are you gonna cock your gun again?" "Oh, I will, baby, I will"

They sat up and looked each other over closely. She was so lovely, stimulating, that he could not resist her. He pushed her flat and slid down until her pussy was just in front of his eyes. He stroked her clit and opened her up. His tongue slid over and around and in. Sara writhed in ecstasy and held his head in place for long minutes. 

He sucked her clit and ran two fingers in and out of her vagina. She came then just a little. Just enough to take the edge off.

She pushed him off and went down on him again. He was hard now. Phil groaned, feeling the convulsing warmth of her sucking mouth and the excitement of her tongue. She masturbated him with her lips, fast and hard, in a frenzy. She took the cock out of her mouth and licked it up and down as if she loved it. She blew on it and drew him deep inside and sucked hard. Once again, it was impossible for him to hold back. He almost cried as he jerked, stiffening. She gulped the smoky load and the smell filled the room. She was hot for it. Milking the throbbing shaft, she swallowed it all and for long moments he was helpless in her bold fingers and voracious mouth.

Oh, Shit.... she had sucked him off! He lay there panting, legs wide. She grinned at him, licking at the weakening prick. She was so cute! He really wanted to fuck her, but the poor cock was wasted. 

"I should have warned you, Phil. I love to suck cock. It's yummy." She said, putting the now soft prick back in her mouth. Then she began to play with it, popping it in and out of her mouth, making funny sounds, licking it and skinning it down. She squeezed it between her lovely breasts, moving them up and down the cock. She didn't seem old enough to know all the things she did.

Phil just moaned. "Get it hard please, baby. I really want to fuck you." She said. She giggled again, frigging it hotly, licking the tip of it, speaking to it. "C'mon honey, stand on your own two feet -- or your own two balls." She kept it up until he began to thicken and extend a little, not hard enough yet. She wriggled up and rubbed her wet pussy over the cock. This helped. She giggled and nuzzled his neck lovingly, feeling the cock finally slowly harden.

"It wants me." Sara whispered. She reached between them and oozed it into her open cunt. Phil thrust slowly in and out of her. As it firmed even more in the warmth, he rolled her over and began to fuck her slowly, deeply, very warm and cozy with her lovely legs about him. "There baby, now we're fucking," she said.

Sara kissed him as he fucked her. She moaned into his mouth letting him know that she liked it. She began to buck. He thrust harder. It felt like it was in her a yard. She fisted his hair and pulled him down to her.

"Faster, honey. Harder. Make me come. I want to come!" Sara said. She writhed beneath him and whispered in his ear. "Fuck me. I'm almost there. That's the way. Just like that. More, more. Give me more."

He poured it to her, fast as he could. Now that he had come twice himself, he could go on and on. She humped up and began to come for him. He felt it inside her and was happy that he had finally got her off. She cried out and wrapped her legs and arms around him and fucked back as hard as she could too. "Oh that's so good. Don't stop. Keep it coming, baby. I want to come again." She cried. He slowed only a little and kept going.

All of a sudden, the door swung open with a crash. They both looked over, but never stopped fucking.

Another couple burst in, half dressed and stopped, seeing them on the bed. They watched for a minute. The guy said, "Hi Phil, who's the girl?" Phil said, "This is Sara, and we're busy." He never stopped fucking Sara. She was shocked, but too far gone to care. She closed her eyes and fucked back at him.

"Yeah, well we're gonna be busy too. This is Emily and she wants to get fucked." Emily just smiled. They both yanked their few clothes off and jumped on the other bed. He was on her and in her and in seconds, they were going at it. Hard and fast. Emily was panting and looking at Phil

Phil said, "Hi Emily. Sara, that crude guy is my roommate Jack and he's fucking Emily." Sara just laughed and said, "Hi, guys. I'm getting fucked too." 

It was getting to her again and she closed her eyes. Phil was thrusting hard, his cock seemed bigger than before. Sara knew she was seconds away. "I'm coming, Phil. Go Baby."

They all continued until Sara began spasming and trying to come quietly so not to be heard. About then, Emily started gasping and it was clear that she was coming also. She was not as quiet as Sara and cried out her ecstasy. Both guys just rode them through it and kept fucking, slower now. Sara began to relax and hugged him close.

As they worked themselves into a nice glow, moving slowly and whispering encouragement to each other, Jack looked over and asked "Wanna switch?" He was grinning crazily at Sara. Sara looked back at Jack. 

Phil replied, "No, don't think so, Sara is special to me." 

Sara looked up into Phil's eyes smiling, "If you want to, it's ok. I don't mind. Jack's kinda cute." 

"Are you sure," Phil asked.

"Yeah. It wouldn't be my first time." Sara replied. "My sister and I traded off once. It was really hot!" 

Jack heard her. "Alright," he shouted pulling out of Emily and standing. Sara noted that his cock was long, but not as thick as Phil's. It was very hard, red and wet. It looked inviting. Phil was a little disappointed, but climbed off of Sara and moved over to the other bed. Sara watched the bobbing cock as Jack moved between her spread legs and was on her in an instant. She grabbed his cock and guided him in, gasping as he entered.

One off, one on, Slick, she thought. She felt him so deep. She smiled up at him "Hi, Jack. Welcome aboard. That feels sooo good. Can you make me come again?" She wrapped her arms and legs around him and moved seductively. 

He grinned, kissed her and sucking on one nipple began to fuck her faster and harder. "I'll make us both come, baby. You'll like it." His cock was different than Phil's, but felt amazing. 

Jack scooped her up and fucked her desperately. Her body tensed under the assault, hands on his shoulders, feet slapping the bed. She wanted to make it last, but it was no use. Jack was overdue and she was ready. They both panted loudly and looked into each other's eyes, reading how close each was. Sara sighed and sucked in her breath. "Yeah, I like it, Jack. Give it to me. Hard. I'm getting close."

"I told you you'd like it." Jack said. He gave her some good clit action and began fucking her steadily, deeper and harder. A moan escaped her lips and her eyelids fluttered and closed.. Her legs rubbed against his urging him on. The cock was getting to her. She closed her eyes and just let it happen.

Jack whispered to her, "Look at them." turning his head. Sara didn't want to as she was getting very close, but she glanced at the other bed and Phil and Emily were going at it doggie style. Phil's big cock was driving into her and she had her head down and her ass up and her eyes closed, fists grabbing the sheets. It was enough to get Sara off. She closed her eyes and came again.

Sara raised jack clear off the bed as she thrust her hips up. She gasped and squeezed him with arms, legs and pussy, until he began to moan and cry out himself. He emptied into Sara in a series of convulsions and she pulsed each time with him in unison. "Oh, oh, oh, you did it, Jack, you did it." She slowly relaxed.

Easing up, he panted still moving the cock in and out and looked down at her. "You are something else Sara. Phil was right, you are special." 

Sara moved gently with him keeping the glow alive. "That was sooo Hot." 

They watched, still moving together, as Phil and Emily reached a similar climax. They arched together and cried out. Moving for a few minutes more, they finally collapsed, Emily flat on her tummy and Phil resting on her back. Jack pulled out of Sara and she cooed softly as he did. She felt the loss of that wonderful cock.

As Phil and Emily disengaged, the four of them sat on the beds naked and sated. They talked awhile enjoying the intimacy and the friendship. There were no strings attached to their time together and they all knew it. Sara thought for a minute about Patsy and her date and couldn't wait to see her and tell her about her adventure.

Phil still felt overwhelmed by Sara and as he drove her back to her apartment he told her so. He really wanted to see her again. Sara just smiled at him and kissed him. "Thanks for the fun, Phil. You were great."

Sara had that effect on every guy she fucked. They wanted more. It made her proud.

She kissed him goodnight and said "Will you invite me back to your next Frat party?" 

She walked up the steps into the apartment and opened the door. Her sister was sitting there waiting for her.

Their eyes met and Sara blushed. "Oh, my God." Patsy exclaimed. "That must have been quite a party."