 This is the fourth installment in a continuing series. While this story may read all right standing alone, it is suggested you read the first three parts to fully understand how these characters find themselves in this setting. 

I debated whether to keep this in "Group Sex" or classify it under "Incest/Taboo". There is a bit more involvement between the sisters, so if that is not your thing, perhaps skip it. There is a lot of other action which made keeping it in "Group Sex" the right call, I believe. 

********

Emily and I shared a warm kiss likened to two long-time lovers before we walked slowly toward Sara's bedroom. Although I had just fucked Emily, I had yet to really see her ass. So I followed behind her and gawked at it, albeit in the darkened apartment. I almost forgot what a nineteen-year old's ass looked like.

Upon reaching the closed bedroom door, Emily found a red satin nighty hanging on the door knob. Meanwhile, I visited the bathroom in the hallway. The door was not locked so Emily walked right in on me and dangled the nighty and said, "Guess my sis doesn't want me to sleep naked in her bed. Hope my tits fit in this." 

"If not, it'll be fun watching you trying," I said as I slipped my limp cock back inside my boxers. 

Emily surprised me by sitting down on the toilet herself and relieving herself, something I was not altogether comfortable with. 

When she was done she asked me to help her with the nighty, which I was only too happy to oblige. It did seem awkward, however, to help her put one of these on when I would have preferred to be helping her out of it. But I had seen her naked already and knew that she would look sizzling in it. I had to pull and tug on the garment to even fasten it shut. Looking over her shoulder at her in the mirror I saw her boobs pushed up against the red fabric. Her nipples were slipping out until she reached in and adjusted them. 

"Beautiful," I murmured into her ear.

Emily turned to me and kissed me. "Thank you, Steve. I badly wanted to hear that tonight. Getting some cock is just icing on the cake."

Soon we joined Sara in her bedroom. Candles were placed on each side of her bed and also on the dresser opposite the foot of the bed.

I had not envisioned myself between these two sultry sisters and wondered if I could please them after I had gone so many times tonight already. Sara, however, was in the middle of the bed with the covers only up to her waist, showing her lingerie. She patted the bed on either side of her. Did this indicate she wanted to be in the middle?

"Trying to split us up?" Emily teased.

"Of course. Someone has to. But hey, it's my bed, I figure I should be able to get some from both sides," Sara said.

My cock sprang quite a bit upon hearing this. Even up to that very moment, even with the lingerie and them licking and kissing each other before, I figured that sleep would overcome all of us soon. But the candles should have tipped me off.

"Well, my 'side' needs a little break," I boldly said. 

I figured if these two sisters were going to get busy, better we find out sooner rather than later. And truth was I did need a bit of a respite. They laughed at my remark and then got serious real quick.

"Come here sis," Sara said.

"I guess we always knew this would happen some day," Emily replied as she climbed onto the bed. "You are a lucky guy, Steve."

I did not argue the point. As it turned out, the two sisters had flirted with each other for years with one telling the other how much hotter she was compared to the other. It was a friendly sibling rivalry, as they had traded stories about their sexual exploits and conquests and constantly told the other how she was the better kisser or lover or did this or that better. 

If nothing else, they had to have come to the conclusion that Emily had the better tits but Sara the nicer ass. And although I thought Sara's face and eyes were superior, I had to admit Emily was no slouch in that department, either. 

I sat on the edge of the bed as they kissed. Emily was on top hovering over Sara. Sara put her hands behind Emily's neck as their lips touched. I watched this hot scene play out as they became more and more comfortable and relaxed.

Sara had been stroking Emily's back while Emily had been less discreet. She was running one of her hands over Sara's tits still covered by her teddy. They became more engaged. I was wondering if they still remembered I was even there. I was anxious for them to remember but also to see some more action.

So I shamelessly suggested a sixty-nine. 

"Why not," they said.

Hot damn I thought!

They slowly removed their clothing and even helped each other along the way. They shared compliments as more and more skin was revealed; with Sara telling her sister she always loved her boobs and Emily sliding a hand over her sister's taut stomach. 

They went back to kissing, starting out slow and tentatively. I would have thought Emily might have been the aggressor being that she was younger and more outgoing. And besides, she was on top. But it was Sara who slipped her hand between the two and reached for Emily's pussy and began rubbing it. 

"Uhhhhhhh," Emily moaned.

"Come on, Em. Turn around, baby girl," she ordered.

I shifted from my seated position at the foot of the bed to lying against a pillow closest to Sara's head. I began running a hand along Sara's chest between both girls' bodies. Sara was moaning and with her hands on Emily's hips began eagerly licking her little sister's pussy. As Emily's mouth and tongue combination touched Sara's slit, the bed jerked a bit. The sisters were off and running, trying to outdo the other in pleasing and being pleased.

In the distance over their sounds I heard a soft knock. Then it got louder. I got up reluctantly and left the bedroom and walked to the front room. I heard the door knock again but this time even louder, then a voice. Teri's?

When I opened the door Teri did seem a little surprised to see me still there. Jealous maybe? 

I was about to tell her what was going on but the sounds of sex coming from the bedroom reached her before I could say a word.

"What the fuck! Steve?" she blurted. 

She may have expected I might still be there, but the obvious presence of someone else back in Sara's bedroom surprised the older woman. She practically skipped to Sara's bedroom and saw the young tanned body of a blonde on top of Sara and shrieked "Holy shit!"

Emily looked up and although Sara had difficulty seeing who it was had recognized Teri's voice.

"You wanna be next, sweetheart?" Emily asked, not even knowing who Teri was.

"Absolutely babe," Teri answered. 

I stood leaning against the dresser not even being able to move. Teri had not said another word to me as to why she was here at almost two in the morning. We just watched Emily and Sara return to licking each other in their furious sixty-nine.

I wanted to walk over to Teri and do something with her. Anything! She was rubbing her mound on the outside of her jeans and was licking her lips. I had responded to the action and my cock was rock hard for the umpteenth time that night. But instead of going to Teri, I resumed my position at the foot of the bed opposite where Teri stood. 

Teri, meanwhile, glanced at me and started to pull her shirt out of her jeans. She snuck a peek back at the girls but then looked back at me and commanded my attention. She was telling me with her eyes to watch her and not Sara and Emily. 

I still wondered why she was here; after all her husband was supposedly home. Did he find out and kick her out of the house? He most certainly could smell sex on her.

She was smiling strangely but her look was gripping. She took off all her clothes and was playing with her boobs by holding and squeezing them and pinching her nipples.

She climbed onto the bed as the sisters were both coming down from their elongated orgasms.

"Hi, I'm Emily," Sara's sister said extending a pussy-soaked hand to Teri.

"Sara's sister?" Teri astonishingly asked.

"Uh huh," she answered. 

"Oh my. You are a naughty one aren't you?" It was meant, I believe, to be a comment directed at either Emily or Sara or both.

Emily, though, was the one that nodded.

"Hi Emily, I'm Teri. Lick my pussy, Emily...you nasty little slut."

Emily got on her back and moved so that her head was near Teri's legs since she had been on her knees since she clambered onto the bed. Teri then straddled Emily's face and placed her pussy over her, strategically angled for Emily's tongue to begin working its magic.

Teri explained quickly why she was there. She went home and her husband was indeed drunk, but he also was up waiting for her. Since she did not try and hide the fact she had just had sex, he smelled it and called her a whore. She had apparently told Sara before, but not me, that she had known that her husband was cheating on her which was the main reason she wanted to cheat on him. It had somewhat the desired effect, I guess, as she told us he took her and fucked her, bending her over their dining room table. With their kids over at her sister's house, she said they had the best sex they had had in years. But after cumming in her, he still called her a slut and a whore and grabbed his keys and left. Since she presumed he was going to his mistress' house, she tried to call Sara but Sara had turned off her ringer. So here she was.

She did not look upset if she was. Sara had started kissing Teri's neck and chest and cupping her large breasts in her small hands while her pussy was pleasured by Emily's tongue below. When she was done talking, or maybe to shut her up, Sara kissed her on the lips.

I was stroking my cock now witnessing these three women, all hot and special in their own way, going at it with one another. Teri again received most of the attention, with both sisters kissing her tits and pussy. So I contemplated my next action. 

I was confronted with which sister to go after. Emily's pussy was within reach of my hand if I leaned just a little that way, but seeing Sara's ass and thinking about how much I fantasized about it at work, I supposed I needed another turn with her. This was probably my last opportunity, I figured.

When I approached Sara from behind it caused her to stop kissing Teri for a moment and look back at me. My hand was placed first on her shoulder and then slid it down her side. When I reached her hip my hand slithered around her and signaled for her to raise her butt. This had the effect of her mouth leaving Teri's chest and moving down Teri's body until her head was nestled into the bedcovers next to Emily's head who continued feasting on Teri's pussy. 

Teri looked envious of the position Sara was in, though she looked content bouncing on Emily's tongue and seemed ready to douse the teenager any minute. Ironically it was at this time with Sara's ass near my face that I looked down upon Teri and Emily and realized that Teri was literally twice the age of Emily. 

I held my gaze toward Teri as she began to cum and drenched Emily's mouth and face.

Emily got up and kissed Teri, sharing her own taste with her. Their tits were both so beautiful yet different, and as the young and old women kissed, their boobs were pressed against each other. A very erotic scene. 

With Sara's head down and her ass in the air, I had been fingering her pussy as I watched the kissing display before us. But I had a job to do and I could not wait any longer to start in on it.

Teri and Emily had paused to watch what I was doing to Sara, which was eating her out from behind. I glanced up and noticed two distinct expressions on their faces. Emily's look was one of confusion as if what I was doing seemed foreign to her while Teri's look revealed excitement and again envy. Sara simply cooed while clawing at the bedcovers on either side of her as my nose was buried deep in her ass and my tongue swabbed her clit. She was simply delicious! My hands were spreading her asscheeks apart while licking her slit and I would take momentary breaks to look up at Teri and Emily, who had taken the position to put her pussy on Teri's face, allowing her to return the favor. 

But I was also gazing upon Sara's backdoor, wondering could I? Again, I just knew that this would be a one-time thing with Sara, the hottest girl I had ever been with, and seemingly untouchable being my boss's niece. 

"Do it, Steve. I know you want to. Lick my asshole," Sara commanded.

It was something I definitely liked to do and thought about doing, but I had never done so during the first time with anyone. And I don't think leaving earlier with Teri and then coming back made this count as the "second" time. More so, there was another idea I had dancing in my head all night long and wondered how it would be received. I threw caution to the wind and decided to seize the moment. 

I wanted to fuck Sara in her ass. 

Since I had no idea how it would be received, I moved my mouth and tongue back in to poke and prod her puckered asshole like she had told me to do. If I ate her asshole, could she deny my cock filling the same hole? 

With my tongue running circles around her asshole, she was writhing on the bed and enjoying every minute.

With Emily looking on as her pussy danced around Teri's outstretched tongue, she exclaimed, "That's so nasty sis, yet so fucking hot!" 

The taste was tangy but Sara was very receptive to it, so it made me hornier and harder knowing the pleasure I was giving her. She went over the edge and she announced to all she was cumming. I continued to run my tongue and deposit as much saliva around her puckered hole as I could. There would be no time to search for or ask for lubricant. I ran a finger along her "backdoor" then pushed my thumb slowly inside. She pushed back and shouted, "Oh my god... please don't fuck my ass."

That little exchange got the attention of the lesbian pair, nineteen year old Emily sitting on the mature Teri's face. I shoved my face back between Sara's asscheeks to convince her otherwise, but Sara's resolve stayed the same. 

"I love your tongue there, baby doll, but no cock in there tonight."

"You could fuck mine," Teri said, who took a break from sucking Emily's clit to offer her ass.

But I was persistent. Sara's ass was right there for the taking and it was the one I wanted most. I was not going to go away easily.

"Just relax," I said to her. 

"Uhhhhhhh," she responded. I took that to mean she was willing to try. 

Licking ass was something I had not done with a lot of women, but anal sex was another story. My last serious girlfriend, about four years ago, readily took it up the ass. But her ass was not as nice as any of these three. I rubbed my dick along her slit getting it nice and wet, and then ever so slowly I pushed against her sphincter using my right hand on my cock as a guide. 

But she resisted its entry. "Fuck. Sorry Steve," she said. "I just don't think that I can take it right now." 

I was not about to push things, especially knowing that Teri was a willing recipient. However, I instinctively repositioned my dick to her pussy and slipped right inside her. This seemed to please her. She picked herself up and was on all fours with her hands supporting her weight. Her tits, though smaller, were moving rhythmically to the pounding I was giving to her pussy. 

Teri and Emily were done and sate for the moment and began to watch us. Fearing I would soon explode, I pulled out and reached underneath with my fingers and probed her pussy and reached for her G-spot along her vaginal walls. I looked at Teri and Emily sitting side by side on the bed, their tits glistening from sweat. 

"I wanna try it in my ass," Emily announced.

I stared right at Emily as I continued to fuck Sara's pussy with two fingers and knew she was close. I knew Teri had said she would but the idea of breaking in an anal virgin was very enticing. Heck, I am sure it would have been the case with Sara.

"No, do mine," Teri said. "I asked first." 

I looked from Emily to Teri and back to Emily as Sara started moaning louder as her looming orgasm swam through her body and culminated with her pumping her ass back and forth on my fingers.

"Yessssss!! Ohhh my god!!" Sara screamed. 

"Fuck me in the ass, Steve," Teri demanded. 

Sara collapsed on the bed and looked as if she would fall asleep right there in the middle of the bed.

"No mine!" Emily insisted. 

It was 3:30 AM and I was tired. I would probably not last long in either girl's ass and would only be able to go once more, I was sure. I was unbelievably hard from not only eating and fucking Sara, but being asked and pleaded from not one but two girls to take their ass.

I had to make up my mind soon.

To be continued...