 This story was originally submitted to Literotica over 15 years ago under another member name, but was mine then and is still mine. I had it removed about eight years ago. I've picked it up, dusted it off and tweaked it oh so little and am curious to see what a "new generation" thinks of it. 

********

She did not seem much older than a college freshman but was actually twenty-five. It was because of her youthful and smooth face, and her voice which was punctuated by its high-pitch and very innocent sound. But it was her body that received most of my attention. 

On a slim frame, her breasts were full, round and firm. Her ass, while not as rounded as I liked them, was lean and perfect in every other sense. How I longed to put my mouth on it, run my tongue all over it...

"Steve? Are you feeling okay? You look a little 'out-of-it.' " 

My supervisor had walked into the area where I was standing by the copy machine making an abundant amount of copies for yet another meaningless meeting that would start in only a few minutes. I had not even realized that I was staring straight ahead over the cubicles and file cabinets to where Sara was standing, talking to a few other co-workers.

"Yeah, yeah, sure, I'm all right," I quickly answered, hoping he did not notice what or who I was staring at. 

Too late. He had followed my eyes across the room and saw Sara standing there, her arms crossed below her chest.

"Busted," he said.

"Yeah, she is." And we both laughed. "You got me. But can you blame me? I mean, look at her. She's perfect," I said.

"No, I can't blame you. But you do know she's the boss's niece, right?" Brian asked. 

Brian, my supervisor, at age thirty-five is five years my senior and married to a beautiful woman with two kids and a nice house out in the suburbs...you get the picture. Has it all.

I just about fell over when that sunk in. 

"His niece? Really?"

"Yep, so off limits for you. You know the 'unwritten' policy about dating within the company, don't you? Even more so when you are talking about family of the boss. Not worth it to try and date her, man."

"Who said anything about dating her?" I quickly responded, my heart beating faster.

We both again laughed at my remark and then Brian quickly changed the subject back to work. "Are you going to be done with those copies soon? Meeting's in 10 minutes."

"No problem," I stated confidently.

I finished up, headed back to my desk and quickly walked to the bathroom before the meeting. Even though I just found out she was the boss's niece, it did not detract from my desire to fuck this short-haired brunette. So nonetheless I hurriedly entered a stall to satisfy my urges for that morning.

Sara had started at the company in Accounts Payable about three weeks ago. Company gossip spreads rapidly around our small workplace, so I was surprised I had not heard who she was in relation to the boss. But thinking back on it now, not many of the guys had said anything about her after she had started. You know, the way most guys scope women: ass, tits, and face on the 1-10 scale. Maybe everyone except me knew.

Even my friend in Accounts Payable who I was "lunch buddies" with never told me. 

Teri was thirty-eight, married and had a pretty nice body herself. We had become good friends in the year and a half since I started working there. In subtle conversations I had had with her about Sara, I would have to guess Sara did not have a boyfriend, at least not a very serious one. But I did not want to come out and really drill Teri for information on Sara, because even though Teri was married, I had always felt that she kind of liked me. Others thought so, as well, and always told me so. And as strange as it may have sounded, I did not want Teri to hear details about my "lusts" in life, especially someone she worked with closely.

If all that was not too much to overcome, now I had to deal with the fact she was the niece of Bill Pendleton, founder of Pendleton Publishing, and more importantly, the guy who signed my paychecks. 

I had met Sara on her first day, but since then had been regulated to only saying the friendly "hello" when passing each other in the hallway. Of course, I was always too mesmerized to say anything more to her anyway. Now I would definitely be more cautious in my approach, if I were to make any kind of approach at all.

I did not have to wait long, nor did I have to make the first move. 

Later that week on Friday when I was standing by Teri's desk, Sara interrupted us. 

"Steve, did Teri tell you about some of us going out for drinks after work tonight?"

Teri broke in, "I was just about to bring it up. Thanks Sara," she said with a mischievous smile. "Bob's got poker tonight and my sister is watching the kids. Some of us are going over to Teasers for a few drinks. Wanna join?" 

"Um, sure, sounds like fun," I said in the general direction of the two. 

Damn, I thought. Obviously my loins were going crazy because it really had seemed like Sara was the one asking me to go, but Teri had "stolen" the spotlight and it sounded more like the invite came from her. 

But what the hell! I was going to get to know this beautiful woman better. What does it matter where the invitation came from? I thought.

End of the day could not come soon enough. But when it did, I could not wait to buy the first round. Only six of us made the trip across the street to Teasers, a local restaurant/pub that is popular with the Friday night happy hour crowd for workers in the nearby office buildings.

Sara sat across from me, Teri on my right hand side and Brian, my boss, who was the only other guy there, sat next to Sara. For the most part, the conversation centered on work or what is typically known as "shop talk". Of course, most of our stories and comments had to be guarded because of Sara and she knew it. 

None of us knew how close she was to "Uncle Bill" but we were not about to find out, either.

After an hour, Brian got up to leave, announcing his wife would kill him if he was late for dinner. The other two women, both in their twenties and also married, took the opportunity to leave at that time, too. Teri, of course, had at least a few more hours of freedom and apparently there was no boyfriend for Sara to run off and see.

"All right, now that the 'boring' people have left, we can have some fun," Sara said. This piqued my interest. But of course, she could not mean much by it. Could she?

"Whatever do you mean?" Teri asked coyly.

"Yeah, I guess we can stop talking about work and talk about what we are all doing this weekend," I added, not knowing what else I could say, somewhat tongue-tied.

"No, I'm not talking about that, silly. I'm talking about sex," Sara clarified.

Well, you could have literally knocked me over with a feather. Here was this very hot girl whom I had dreamt about day and night in many imaginable positions and erotic situations sitting across from me in a bar and telling me she wanted to talk about sex. I was speechless. 

Teri, on the other hand, leaned forward with a big smile and nonchalantly asked, "What about it?"

"Have you two fucked each other?" Sara was quick to the task of forming a question.

"Excuse me," I managed to say. "Who? Me and Teri? Teri and me???"

"Yeah, you two," she said.

"Maybe," Teri said. 

I was astonished at what I just heard come out of Teri's mouth. I sat up quickly on the edge of my seat and said, "No, no, we haven't." 

I looked at Teri with an incredulous look, wondering what in the world she was doing putting that bit of untruth in the air; not to mention blowing a possible chance with me and Sara, what slim chance it was in the first place.

I was on my fifth beer and by my unofficial count I would assume Teri and Sara were both on their third vodka and tonic. I was beginning to feel little pain but I was still shocked to hear such banter at a relatively early hour, being just past eight o'clock. 

"Why would you ask such a thing anyway, Sara?" I asked her as I was still giving Teri a look of disbelief. My suspicion of a "crush" was somewhat confirmed and I was beginning to feel a bit awkward.

"Maybe it's because she talks about you all the time. I just figured you two had something going on. Don't worry, I wouldn't tell my uncle or anything," Sara offered.

"Well, I can assure you we aren't having an affair and we have never slept together," I asserted.

I had at this point still not said anything directly to Teri but wondered where this was all going.

"Well, would you, you know, want to?" Sara asked, looking over at Teri and smiling. "She has a nice body, doesn't she?" 

I looked over at Teri again, who was beginning to turn a little red but still managed to give me one of those "I want you" looks I had really never seen from her before. I then realized that this was all a set-up. But why she was using Sara to tell me how she felt was unclear.

I was cautious in my response.

"Well, to be honest, if Teri wasn't married, yes, I would want to." And still thinking of who her uncle was, I added, "And if we had met under different circumstances, not working on the same floor of the same company and all."

"That last part is a dumb reason, but the first part is admirable. But if you did, it would only have to be one time," Sara added.

For the first time since this topic had begun, I turned toward Teri and asked in my most sincere voice, "Is this for real?"

"Oh yes, it is very much so. I want one night with you, Steve. Just one night. Would you...would you make love to me tonight?" Teri asked with a devilish look.

I paused and then looked away. I could not believe my ears. Here I was sitting next to two co-workers, one whom was married and I was "work" friends with; the other one of the most beautiful women I have ever been in the same presence with. And I was being asked to sleep with one of them. 

Wrong one! I thought. 

Don't get me wrong. Teri was pretty hot for being eight years older than me. Her breasts were 36C's I would guess, a slim enough waist rounding down to a nice full ass, and for having two kids, still turned many a head with her shoulder-length, wavy auburn-colored hair. And although we were friends, I have imagined her naked and what it would be like to fuck her from behind. And now here was my chance?

"Well, to tell you the truth, Teri, I'm flattered. Really, but..."

"I'll tell you what, Steve," Teri interrupted me before I could finish. "I'm going to go to the ladies' room and you think it over, ok? Promise me you'll think about it? It has to be tonight, though. Bob will be playing cards all night long and my sister has the kids for the night. Please?" And as she got up, she lightly touched my hand, turned and was momentarily gone, leaving me alone with Sara.

"Another thing, Steve," Sara said when Teri was far enough away from the table.

I looked up at Sara, realizing that this was all part of the set-up, that this whole night was probably planned. 

"Last Friday, maybe you couldn't tell, but Teri was having a really bad day. Bad week actually. She and I went out then, too, last Friday, and she told me how unhappy she is with Bob. He never treats her nice, says mean things to her all the time and almost never makes love to her. But you? You make her feel special. In the smallest ways, I know you probably don't even realize it, but you do. She told me how she felt about you and we started planning this then."

"Wow," I said. "I'm flattered. I really am. But she's married! And how would we work together and what would our friendship be like afterward?" 

These were all things I felt like I should ponder over and say out loud, but inside I was screaming "YES" to having a chance to have sex with Teri. Although I wish I had been asked to fuck Sara instead. 

"Steve, one more thing," Sara cautioned.

What else could there be? I thought. 

"Last Friday, when Teri and I started planning this..."

"Yeah?" I asked. 

"Well, we were sorta in..." She looked away. "We were sorta in my bed."

That's it, I thought. Pinch me now; I know I must be dreaming.

Sara started to explain. "Last Friday, we both left here pretty drunk. We both decided we better not drive, so we took one cab and went to my apartment. I figured she'd have to sober up before she went home anyway. Well, she insisted on a glass of wine when we got there. Sitting on the couch and being tipsy, she spilled it all over her blouse. She immediately took it off to run it under cold water and with both of us standing at the kitchen sink, one thing led to another as the saying goes. Steve, she started sobbing. She needed to be held so I held her, and then she kissed me. It surprised the hell out of me, but it was nice. I want you to know Steve that I am not 'that way' and Teri isn't 'that way' either, but it just happened and it was, well...special. When we were planning this, we agreed that I would be there, too, for support. She wants me there."

Where are the cameras, I thought. Surely this isn't happening. I wanted to blurt out a resounding "YES!!" but I remained cool somehow.

"Come on, Steve, every man's dream...two women," she sang it at the end, holding onto the "women" at the end. 

I let that dangle in the air for a few seconds when Teri suddenly returned. When she sat down she said, "Do you know the whole situation now? Well...?"

"Sure, how can I refuse?" I said.

"Good, I'm glad. Let's go," Teri said as I smiled over at Sara. She smiled back.

It was just a little after 9:00 P.M. when we reached Sara's apartment. We agreed on Sara's place rather than mine because it would make Teri feel more comfortable, not being in another's man home, I guess. Plus, Sara's place was familiar surroundings for Teri.

The two girls had taken the lead all night so far so I felt it was my turn. When we walked through the door, I took hold of Teri's hands and turned her around and pulled her towards me and said, "Come here, sexy" and planted a long, deep kiss on her. 

I wanted to make sure this kiss was unforgettable. My hands fell naturally down her sides, past her waist until they fell comfortably onto each of her cheeks, giving each one a nice little squeeze. Teri was really getting into our kiss, moaning and pushing herself up against me. My hardness began pressing into her tummy. I could not believe I was kissing my friend, Teri, and feeling up her ass pretty good. 

Sara had taken a spot on the couch to watch and when Teri and I broke from our kiss, we both saw that Sara had been feeling herself up through the thin fabric of her top.

"Come here, girl, and give me a kiss," Sara beckoned to Teri. 

Standing next to the couch, Teri leaned down and the women's tongues started dancing around one another's. Teri was bent over with her hands on Sara's shoulders and I was standing behind her. Up until this point in my life, I had never seen anything hotter. And they still had all their clothes on! I then put my hands on Teri's hips and started to feel and squeeze her ass through her jeans, encouraging her into a more passionate kiss with Sara. 

I moved closer, and though still fully clothed, I began to rub my hardened cock up and down Teri's ass. But what I really wanted was some of her tits. So I started to pull her shirt out of her jeans and push it up her back. She then stood up, turned around to face me and grabbed the bottom of her shirt and slowly pulled it up and over her breasts which were bursting to be freed from the confines of her pink, lace brassiere. 

"Oh Teri," I said. 

"You like my tits?" Teri inquired. 

As my answer, my hands instinctively reached out to them and delicately caressed them on the outside of the fabric. 

Meanwhile, Sara got up and standing behind Teri undid the clasps on her bra to free her beautiful melons. 

"Kiss them, Steve. What are you waiting for?" This from Sara.

"Hold them for me, Sara. Hold her tits in your hands." I was surprised at my statement, but without hesitation and as if my request was natural, Sara reached around and held up Teri's tits in her hands, kneading and loving them as I bent down and began to kiss Teri's beautiful breasts, licking underneath them and then running my tongue over her hardening nipples. 

I took over for Sara as I held each of her tits in my hands and pushed them together and ran my tongue over both of her nipples, knowing that they probably did not receive this kind of attention from her husband. 

Sara, meanwhile, had taken the opportunity to remove her shirt and bra and began to undo her pants. My next view of Sara was an incredible one. She was sitting on the couch, and with her legs slightly spread, was running her hands over her stomach and pantied mound. Her tits, although smaller than Teri's, were still round and full and stood completely up, whereas Teri's have begun to sag a little. 

I whispered in Teri's ear that I thought she and I needed to make Sara feel more comfortable. After she agreed, we both broke from our kissing and turned toward Sara. She squealed in anticipation as I moved in to kiss her. When Teri lowered her mouth to Sara's left breast, I ran my tongue along her jaw line before kissing her and began stroking her right breast. Sara then shifted herself so that her mound was rubbing up against my leg. I pushed back, my cock up against her leg and heard Sara moan. I wondered if it was my hardness or Teri sucking and licking her tits that was driving her wild. Probably both, I concluded.

I reluctantly stepped back from Sara to admire these two beauties as one pleasured the other by kissing and sucking her tits. I also started to undress.

"Take off her panties, Teri...she's soaked," I said. "And let me watch you taste her pussy."

Teri stopped and paused. I looked at Sara, who had what could best be described as a small look of horror on her young sweet face. She looked hesitant to allow her panties to be taken off by Teri.

"I, I...I mean we...we didn't do this last time," Teri stammered. "We just held each other and kissed, above the waist. We didn't go...down there."

I was a bit surprised and somewhat disappointed. I just assumed they had gone down on one another last week when they were together. 

But then Sara began to slide her panties down her legs and said to Teri, "Come on honey, try it. Eat my pussy."

As Teri looked up at me and then at Sara, she said, "I'd love to." 

As I finished undressing down to my boxers, Teri inched closer between Sara's legs and finished removing her panties down and off her young legs. 

There was only a slight patch of hair above her pussy lips. I sat down on the couch next to Sara to watch as Teri dove into her first muff pie. Incredibly, she looked like an absolute expert. She was driving Sara fucking crazy! 

After only about another minute, I decided to help her out. I leaned over and starting at Sara's tits, kissed all around her breasts before going lower to her stomach until my mouth reached Teri's, which was buried in Sara's sex. 

"Let me taste her, sexy." And with that, Teri and I alternated between sucking each other's tongue and probing Sara's juicy twat with our tongues. Mmmmmmmmm.

Realizing that this night was supposed to be for Teri's benefit more so than mine or Sara's, I started kissing the back of Teri's neck and started a trail with my tongue down her back till I reached the top of her butt. She instinctively knew to raise her ass and positioned herself so that I was given open access to her pussy as she continued to eat Sara.

The smell of sex was burning in the air and the sound of jazz, Teri's favorite, was screeching in the background. 

Teri was dripping wet now and her hand was reaching underneath and feverishly massaging her clit. I nudged her fingers away with my nose and began nibbling on her clitoris, sending her body shaking, my mouth not wanting to leave her pussy, wanting to taste all of her. Sara was apparently recovering from her own orgasm and sat on the couch watching the convulsions on the floor in front of her as Teri's body shook underneath my face still buried in her pussy from underneath her ass. Not too long after her first orgasm started I could not resist but run my tongue around the rim of her asshole. This caused another wave of excitement coursing through Teri's body. 
