 This is the third part in a series that tells the story of an unforgettable evening Steve has had. Be sure to read the first two chapters of "Sara and Teri" to learn of how Steve comes to be at Sara's apartment and what he encounters there.

********

It was almost midnight and I knew that although I was already late, I would have to watch my speed. I had my last drink over four hours ago, so I was not worried about a DUI, but the route I was traveling was known for its speed traps. And the last thing I wanted was to be detained even further by a stupid traffic stop. Besides, I needed time to gather myself. 

What a night, I thought to myself. The most I would have hoped for from this evening would have been to get to know Sara better over a couple of drinks after work. What had transpired since was incredible. The only thing missing was placing my hard cock in Sara's inviting pussy. 

And the way I figured it, I was only minutes from accomplishing that. 

I found a tight spot to park on the street, but rather easily maneuvered myself between the two cars. Real tight fit, I thought. Who would have guessed that it was a sign of things to come?

Although she had told me to let myself in, because of the late hour and the fact I was fifteen minutes late, I knocked lightly on the door. 

No answer. I tried the door but it was locked. Good girl, I thought. I did not think it was a good idea for her to leave her door unlocked at any hour of the day, let alone late on a Friday night. 

I knocked a little harder hoping that she had not given up on me. I started to "soften" at the possibility.

"Emily?" Sara's muted voice came through the door.

"No, it's Steve," I said in a low voice.

The door opened slowly and Sara stood there in a long, white T-shirt, her pouty nipples hard and clear through her light T-shirt. The room was full of darkness, broken only by the few candles flickering on a table near the couch. 

"I thought you blew me off," she said. 

"No no, nothing like that." My mind was racing. Do I tell her that Teri and I continued the affair in the parking garage? "Let's just say I got here as soon as I could. I'm sorry."

"Well, I'm sorry, too, Steve, but I am going to have to ask you to leave," Sara blurted out. 

I deflated and she could sense my disappointment. Before I could ask why, she continued, "My sister is coming over. Her boyfriend dumped her tonight and she is pretty upset."

I did not know who her sister's boyfriend was but I grew a sudden dislike for him. This was my only chance with Sara, I felt. If it did not happen tonight, the likelihood grew dimmer that she and I would ever hook up. It still had been one heck of a night, though. 

"I understand," I lied. "It's your sister, for gosh sakes. You have to be there for her."

"Oh, you're so sweet," Sara said as she gently stroked my arm. "Teri is right, you are a great guy."

As I turned to leave I saw a vibrator on the table with slick juices visible on it in the candlelight. She turned and saw what I was looking at and seemingly somewhat embarrassed said, "Well...when I didn't think you were showing up..." and trailed off. 

"Maybe some other time?" I said, trying to appear nonchalant.

"Yeah...well, we'll see." Ouch, I thought. 

Just as I turned to open the door there was a knock. A very soft knock. At least I would get to meet her sister and wondered if she was as hot as or hotter than Sara.

"Hi there," I said. 

"Hi, who are you?" she said, her voice rising in a very inquisitive voice. And then she saw Sara, who had taken the opportunity to grab the vibrator and put it in a drawer.

"This is Steve and he was just leaving." 

Sara sounded cool as she spoke. I looked at Sara and then back at her sister, Emily. She was gorgeous. The similarities were striking but their differences even more so. Their little button eyes, nose and mouth were identical but all similarities ended there. Whereas Sara was tall and lean (probably about 5'7"), Emily was shorter, probably 5'2" and fuller in the body. Also, Emily had blonde hair and Sara's was dark brown. Even their skin was different, with Emily exhibiting a year-round tanned look and Sara with her fair complexion. 

Emily was wearing a short skirt and tight top which displayed a generous portion of her cleavage. She must have come directly from her "date", although it did not appear as if she had been crying or even that upset. Who could break up with her? I thought.

"Hi Emily, I'm Steve. Nice to meet you," I said extending my hand.

"It's nice to meet you, too," she replied taking my hand. 

Our eyes were each bored into the other. There clearly was a spark. But could this really be? After all her boyfriend had just broken up with her, she must hate all men right now. And then of course there was Sara. Although I knew there would be no chance with Sara and me as a couple, I was infatuated with her, but for a brief moment I forgot all about that.

"Well, I should be going," I said, not exactly moving for the door.

"No, stay. I didn't mean to interrupt anything here. I'm all right, Sara. Really."

"You're not interrupting anything, sis." Ouch again. "Steve and I work together and we were just hanging out."

"Okay. But do you have to go, Steve? Can't you stay? I don't really want to talk about it anyway; I want to just forget about him. Mike is such a fucking asshole."

"Mike?" I asked, already knowing the answer.

"Mike is my...was my boyfriend. Never more, though. If he thinks he can just waltz his way back into my life..." and then she trailed off. I sensed that this was a recurring theme.

"Why don't I get us something to drink. Steve, a beer?" Sara asked.

I was elated to be staying but nonetheless opted for no more alcohol. "No thanks, water will be fine for me," I answered, looking at Sara to surmise whether or not I was in trouble for staying. But I guess she was relieved that she did not have to lend her shoulder to a crying sister. Maybe it was always that way before, too, but to me, her sister seemed fine. Really fine.

"I'll have a vodka and tonic," Emily shouted to her sister. 

Sara reappeared from the kitchen. "You're staying the night if you drink, sis."

"Yeah, yeah. You see," Emily began to tell me when Sara disappeared into the kitchen again, "my sister worries about me, drinking and stuff. I guess I should expect that, what, with being only nineteen."

It never occurred to me, honestly, that Emily could be so young. She certainly did not look that young. As a matter of fact, she carried herself in a way that would have made me think she might even be older than Sara, who herself was twenty-five. Regardless of age, I knew two things. I wanted to fuck Emily and she wanted to fuck me. I could just tell; she had that "fuck me" look about her.

"Nineteen, huh?"

"Yep. So are you and my sister going out?"

"No, just friends. I work for your uncle. Accounting."

"Ah, I see. You know, you seem like a nice guy." She looked me over, studying me and even looking down at my lap, openly gawking at and determining what may lie underneath. I was uncomfortable and horny at the same time. "And I know this is gonna sound really forward, but do you wanna fuck me?"

"Excuse me?!" I said. Sara had just walked in from the kitchen and had heard this.

"Emily! What are you doing?" Sara shrieked.

I sat there stunned. This never happens to me but I was being seduced left and right tonight.

"Listen Emily, I'm flattered, but I just think..."

Emily interrupted me, "No Steve, you listen, and you too, Sara. I had a nice romantic evening with Mike all planned. And it all went well, I thought, until we got back to his place. That's where I was going to attack him. But he had other plans, the dick." She spat out that last word as if it was venom. She stood up, her hands outstretched to display herself. "How could he not want this?" as she moved her hands up and down to showcase the body that Mike inexplicably denied tonight. And every night since, if Emily kept her word.

My mouth was dry. I did not know what to say.

Emily continued, "If you hadn't talked me into coming over here, Sara, I probably would have gone out and fucked the first guy that bought me a drink. Here, I figure at least Steve isn't a complete stranger. But if you two are involved..."

I still did not know what to say. I looked at Sara and she looked at me. She probably knew I wanted to fuck her sister; but did she know how much I wanted her, too? 

"I don't care. You both are adults," Sara said. She seemed disappointed. Jealous, maybe?

"So, how 'bout it, Steve?" Emily asked. "Fuck me? And my sister, too?"

"Your sister?" And I looked at Sara, who had sat down on the couch next to Emily, sipping her beer.

"Yeah. Isn't that why you were here? To fuck me?" Sara stated bluntly. "So now you can fuck both of us. Think you can handle that?"

I was already hard.

"Try and stop me."

Sara smiled. "Show my sister how much you like to eat pussy. I bet hers tastes as sweet as mine." 

Emily squealed as she began to take off her skirt. "I just knew you two had been together before," she said. 

Sara turned on the couch and positioned herself to watch her sister take off her skirt and panties. 

"But he didn't have time to fuck me then, Em. That's why he was here now, to finish the job," Sara cooed. 

I could tell Sara was getting hot, thinking about the dual-pussy licking she had received earlier in the night from Teri and me.

Taking off my shirt I knelt down on the carpet and started crawling on the floor until I reached Emily's legs that were outstretched and were now bare from the waist down. There was not a trace of a tan line anywhere: a full body tan! 

Putting my hands on both of her knees, I started rubbing her inner thighs. Her skin was so hot. And pushing them apart, I dove quickly into her steaming heaven. I love to eat to pussy, especially when they are so sweet. And Emily's was beautiful and delicious! 

I alternated between long strokes along her slit and pushing my tongue in her pussy, emulating a small dick fucking her. I sucked on her little clitty next, nibbling and kissing it as I inserted a finger into her pussy, running it up and down her slickness. She pulled off her top and wearing no bra, freed the most beautiful set of golden globes I had ever laid my eyes on. 

Even Sara was getting hot watching her little sister strip naked and get eaten out. Looking over I had seen that Sara had raised her oversized T-shirt and had started rubbing her own pussy as well. No panties, I noticed. Made sense considering what she had been doing earlier, I thought.

I had a fleeting thought if this was the first time the sisters had seen each other naked while in the throes of passion. And passionate it was.

With both of them sitting side by side, it made it easier for me to pleasure both at the same time. So while I continued to tongue Emily's clit, my left hand traveled up Sara's leg until it reached her moistness. I pushed her hand out of the way and began to stroke her pussy on the outer lips for a few minutes, slipping a finger along the folds. Emily had taken my head and pushed it further into her pussy, my mouth and chin drenched with her juices. Her body began to shake as her first orgasm washed over her. 

Leaving Emily's heavenly snatch, I moved between Sara's legs where now two of my fingers were fucking her pussy.

"Oh god Steve," Emily panted as she started to recover. "That was so good. Best pussy licking I've ever received."

I moaned, my sound muffled in Sara's pussy where my tongue had replaced my fingers. I licked up her juices and nibbled on her clit until I could feel Sara's impending climax, which didn't take long. When she let loose her cum gushed from her pussy into my mouth. 

I looked up at the two sisters locked in a kiss. Oh my god, what a sight it was. Two women. Check. Kissing one another. Check. And they're sisters! Check check! 

I decided to seize the moment, even if it meant them separating, which I'm happy to report, did not. I stood up before them, quickly undressed and reached for Sara's legs. I pushed them straight in the air and positioned my cock at her entrance and slipped right in. 

"Oooh, Steve...YESSSS!" she grunted. "Fuck me, Steve. Oooh, your cock feels so good inside of me..."

Looking over at Emily I saw her fingering herself as she watched me fuck her sister, pumping my cock deep inside of her.

"Come here, Em. I want you to do something for me," Sara beckoned to her sister.

"What?" 

"Come here. Closer."

What happened next was so erotic, even better than watching Teri go down on Sara. As Emily moved in closer, presumably to have Sara whisper something in her ear, Sara grabbed the back of Emily's head and pushed her toward her tits. 

"Kiss them, baby girl. Kiss my tits," Sara ordered.

And Emily did not even hesitate, running her mouth all around her sister's tits, a hand caressing one while she kissed and sucked on the other. 

If anything could trump two sisters naked and making out, it was watching one sister sucking and licking the other's tits. I was so turned on by this sight that I was ready to cum. 

Pumping faster, my balls slapping the bottom of her ass, I tensed and removed my cock from Sara. I announced my need to cum, and not long after, I shot my load onto Sara's stomach and tits. Emily, with encouragement from Sara, hungrily ate it up, even scooping some up and offering it to Sara who licked Emily's fingers clean.

I fell back onto the floor exhausted. My dick was even a bit sore, but I knew there was one more I would have to go. 

I laid on the carpet in front of them on my back watching the two girls finishing off my cum. I wanted to just lie there and watch them together, but being sisters, I figured there was a line to what they would do with each other. Heck, with Sara and Teri earlier, I found out that the first time they spent together, it did not include either going down on the other. Also, I did not know, but all indications pointed to this being the first time the sisters had ever done anything like this. With or without others present. 

"Lie on your stomach," Emily ordered me when the two sisters had satisfactorily devoured all evidence of my cum. 

I quickly did as I was told. Emily then sat on my butt gently, her few pubic hairs sliding over me, tickling me. 

"You need a massage, Steve." 

She reached down and started rubbing my shoulders, gently stroking me. It felt good, her pubic bone rubbing over my butt and back felt even better. I adjusted myself a bit as I felt myself getting hard again. I lost sight of where Sara was, as my eyes were closed as I enjoyed the massage. 

"Did you like fucking Sara?" she inquired.

"Uh huhhhh..." I replied. 

Her rubbing now extended down my back. And then she leaned forward down onto my back, rubbing her tits along my back and started kissing the back of my neck. 

"Well, if you liked fucking her, you are gonna love fucking me. Turn over and let me see you."

When I turned over I saw her smiling down at me. Sara was nowhere in sight. After wetting her hand, she took my cock and started stroking it slowly. She even held my balls with her other hand, gently rolling them in her hand. 

Her young tits looked perfect. Holding me still in her hand, she guided me into her pussy. Slowly she moved down until I was fully in her. She leaned back and started her assault on my cock, grabbing her tits and pushing them together, pinching her nipples as she rode my cock. 

Watching her play with her tits was driving me absolutely crazy, but I did not want to cum so soon. And this was not long after I had cum on Sara. I was amazed at how close I was to cumming again so soon, but Emily was no ordinary fuck, either. 

I had not even touched or kissed her breasts yet I was so mesmerized. She must have been reading my mind.

"You like my tits, don't you?" she teased.

"I love them. They're absolutely perfect," I answered. 

She leaned forward and took my hands and brought them up to her chest. 

"Here you go," she said. "They do not break, you know. And they're real."

I started gently rubbing her tits, my palms sliding over her nipples. She increased her tempo on my cock and I returned the favor by pulling and tugging on her tits, driving her wild. 

"Ohhh fuck!" she screamed. 

But I managed to hold off still. She came down to me, her lips to my mouth and we kissed for the first time. 

But that did not last long as she said, "Lick my nipples...ohhhh" as she put her perfect boobs right in my face. As she leaned forward like this, my cock was still buried in her pussy, but now our bodies moving together closely enabled her clit to be stimulated. My hands glided down her back to her ass, which though I had not yet seen it, I thoroughly enjoyed its young, smooth feel. Spreading her ass cheeks and running my finger along her crack while still kissing her nipples sent another wave through her. This set me off as well. 

As I started to cum she got off me and quickly went down on me and took as much of my cock in her mouth as she could to savor my seed.

After she swallowed the remaining cum I had to give, she came up into my arms amid clapping from Sara standing in the doorway. 

Clad in a simple black teddy that pushed up her B cup tits, Sara chimed, "Bravo, bravo. My kid sister is quite the little slut."

"I learned from you, you whore," Emily laughed. "I used to watch you all the time with your boyfriends." 

They laughed about this; I figured it was old news.

"Well, you two want to come to bed?" Sara asked.

"Thought you'd never ask, sis," Emily replied.

To be continued...