 Ah yes, Abby! She brings back such fond memories. She was a cheerleader when I first saw her. A short skirt, a bulky sweater, pom-poms, and a beautiful, vivacious, athletic young woman... what else could a man ask for? I spent wonderful hours watching her bounce around, kick her legs up, and do cartwheels almost every afternoon after school. We were both breathing hard by the time she finished practice.

It was four years later when I saw her again. I had graduated high school; a year later, so did she. I already had an idea for a business and had it under way in my garage by the time I got out of school. She went on to college to major in Business Management.

My business had grown enough that I actually had an office with four people working for me in the back rooms. Specialized computer software does not take up much space to design or to burn and distribute. I had all that covered. I needed someone to answer the phone and to get my paperwork in order.

My accountant and tax lady had done a shaky shiver dance when I showed up for her to do my taxes. My way of keeping up with things sucked a big green one as she so eloquently told me. If I could not do any better, then I needed to find someone else because she was not going to bat for me with the IRS. No paper trail meant, no way to prove where what went, and no way to make the IRS believe anything.

So, the third applicant for the job was Abby Gene Wentworth. I recognized her instantly. She had been burned into my memory from hours of fantasies and masturbation. I felt my dick getting hard just from reading her name and she wasn't even in the room yet. When she walked in, there was major wood. Enough where I could not stand up to shake her hand.

Short, spiky dark brown hair, a cute face, a nice set of sweater puppies, and a tight skirt that made my mouth water from the way it clung to her hips and ass. I was in big trouble and she had the job even before the first question was asked. I'm just glad I had the questions written out in front of me.

Abby did not know me from Adam, but she wanted the summer job. We had been in wholly different circles in high school, and our paths had rarely ever crossed. I had the feeling that she thought I was much older than I was. Living in the real world as opposed to still being in school has that effect.

Running a business and dealing with people also has that effect and I hate both of them. I am a geek. Give me a dark corner and something complex to deal with and leave me alone. Well, that is unless you look like Abby and then my lap is open all the time. Uh, maybe I should make that available all the time.

*****

Having Abby in the office was wonderful, and not just because of the tight sweaters and short skirts. Although they were much more than that at certain times, bending over the lowest drawer in the filing cabinet comes to mind the most. The mind boggles at the amount of wood she caused and that's not counting the stress on Ellie, my number one female geek. 

I think Ellie's tongue stayed hard for hours but that just kept her close to the rest of us. I had to crack the whip constantly and keep the office door shut to get anything done and that was just me. Luckily, the rest of the team was more isolated in the back rooms.

*****

A few weeks after she started work, she came into my office and said, "Your accountant is right, the way you do your paperwork and file things is for the birds. Invoicing and accounting are a nightmare. There needs to be a major overhaul of everything."

"Okay, do it." I told her.

She looked at me closely for a second and then said, "That would come under more of a consulting business office manager than a secretary's job."

"You're a business management major, can't you do both?

"Well yes, there's no problem with me doing it, it's more a money thing. Getting you set up right is worth a whole lot more than the hourly rate you're paying me right now."

"If I was to double it, would that be enough?"

She thought a minute and replied, "I don't know, it's going to take a lot of time and then the earlier stuff is going to have to be converted..." She paused in thought.

"Can you have a new system in place by the end of this quarter if I triple it?"

"You've got a deal," she said with a big grin.

"Good because our biggest corporate software package yet is coming out then and I need to have everything in place. We've been profitable all along but if this flies, we'll be knee deep in money, and I don't need Uncle Sam on my ass."

"Consider it done then," she said as she turned to leave.

She paused at the door and looked back. "I graduate next year and I'll be sending resumes out. Should I send you one?"

"By all means. That is, if you're not still working here then. I have a feeling you will be an asset to my company even if I have to keep you on the payroll as a consultant when classes start back up."

She laughed and said, "Yes, I've noticed you noticing my assets." With that, she turned and went back to her desk, leaving my office door open.

She spent the day between her desk and the filing cabinets and I spent my day in one fantasy after another. I had wanted to ask her to lunch but thought better of it. Fantasies were one thing but... geeks are slow and cautious at the best of times.

*****

The end of the quarter was coming up fast, as was the release date for the new software. The software was in testing and I was a nervous wreck. The team had done an outstanding job and all we were fixing were minor problems and glitches. The only thing left was network testing.

It was Friday and we had a week left. We loaded the software on the network system that morning and started to throw everything in the book at it and then some. That's when the shit hit the fan. We had conflicts and crossovers coming out our ass and more holes than Swiss cheese.

Everything worked together perfectly on one machine but when you spread it across several, strange things were happening. Things were happening that should not have been and the longer it ran the worse it got. I was pulling my hair out right along with everyone else.

A little after one in the afternoon, I pulled the plug and had everyone shut it all down. I called everyone in for a meeting in my office. As they all got settled, I said, "Well, that was just nifty neat! Now what the fuck do we do?" As my eyes went around the room, everyone was looking somewhere else besides at me.

Finally, Ellie said, "It's got to be a conflict with the networking software."

"No shit!" Dave said hotly. 

He was a short wiry guy that was mostly Italian and had a temper that was short and sharp. His dark and brooding features and attitude drove most people away quickly. Only on software and video games could he communicate on a level playing field.

"It all revolves around the security protocols," Carl interjected. 

He was the quiet, cool head of the group. Short and round, he was not impressive physically but he was a mental powerhouse. 

"Ours or theirs?" Eddie, the fourth member of the team asked as he stood up. 

At six four and nearly two hundred pounds, he should have been a basketball player. The only problem was he could not walk and chew gum much less dribble a basketball.

Ellie ran her long narrow fingers through her spiked hair, as she said, "Then let's kill a part of their software at a time until we find the conflict."

"It ain't that easy." Carl kicked in. "It's all in one big fucked up package with it's own security and encrypting. We don't have the source code and we don't have a chance in hell of getting it."

"Okay then, we kill a bit of ours at a time until we find the problem," Eddie said with a sigh. They all knew how time consuming that would be.

After a long silence, Dave whisper, "Oh, fuck me running!"

Everyone looked at him and then followed his wide-eyed stare. Abby was bent over getting some papers out of the bottom drawer of the filing cabinet. Her feet were shoulder width apart, her knees locked as she bent from the waist. Her short, tight, black skirt was pulled up to the bottom on her luscious ass cheeks. Her bare sex was staring back at us. 

"Now there's a cheeseburger I could sink my teeth into!" Carl whispered.

"Teeth hell, I've got six inches of tongue that would fit that nicely," Ellie whispered.

"Not if I can get my nine inches of dick in there first." Eddie told her.

Abby continued to sort papers and we all sat there drooling. I was too enthralled to say or do anything. My boner was back with a vengeance and I kept licking my lips. Obviously, I was not the only one with problems as I heard shifting on the couch and several soft groans as Abby stood up.

She turned and saw all of us staring at her. She smiled and then frowned as she asked, "Is there a problem?"

A chorus of no's echoed throughout my office.

"Is there something I can help you guys with?"

It was a mixed answer, with the headshakes barely out voted by the nods and "Oh, yes" answers. Abby just looked at us blankly with a hint of a smile at the corners of her mouth.

"Did you forget your panties by accident or on purpose today?" Ellie asked with a big grin.

Abby chuckled and replied, "So, someone finally noticed, did they? I haven't had any on since last Friday at lunch and I've been flashing you people every chance I got. It's about time one of you opened your eyes to the world around you."

With that said, she walked over to her desk and sat down. She left her left foot where it was as she slowly turned toward her desk. The tight skirt moved up her thighs and gave us an excellent view of her shaved mound and pussy before she brought her legs together.

My groan of appreciation mixed in with everyone else's moans and whistles. I did not believe what I was seeing and it sure didn't fit with the mental picture of Abby that I had in my head. I also realized that along with the software problem, I now had a bunch of horny geeks with hardware problems and that is never good.

"Uh... Abby... Uh..." I stammered.

From her desk Abby said, "Why am I acting this way? Is that your question? 

When I nodded she replied, "You guys are so focused on the forest you can't find the trees. You need some distraction and a break ever so often."

She stood up, walked over to the main office door, and locked it. Turning back to us, she reached up and started to unbutton her blouse as she walked back toward my office door. At the door, she paused and slipped the blouse off. She did not have a bra on and her full firm breasts were two rounded cones topped by large dark circles and nipples so hard that the circles were crinkled.

"If you were a bunch of salesmen, I'd take you out for a few drinks at a strip club so you could unwind. But since you're a bunch of geeks that would freeze up and go blind in such a place, I decided that flashing you would work almost as well. The only problem has been getting your attention without seeming too obvious."

She unzipped her skirt and slowly worked it down over her hips. As it got below her sex, there were soft moans and sighs from around the room. "Since being unobtrusive wasn't working, I decided to get bolder, hence being bent over at the filing cabinet."

Taking a step back, she hooked the toe of her high heel shoe in the dress and flipped it up on my desk. She stood there in the doorway with her hands on her hips wearing nothing but a pair of thigh high stockings and heels. 

"For the rest of the day and all of next week, this will be what I wear around the office, so feel free to look and even touch if you want to." 

"How should we dress?" Eddie asked with a smirk.

"Anyway you want to dress and that includes naked," Abby said softly.

"Uh... Now wait a minute..." I started to say.

Abby interrupted me, saying, "You told me to run this office as I saw fit and that's what I'm doing." 

"Ellie might have a problem with this," I said hastily.

"No, Ellie don't," Ellie said with a grin.

"I figured the naked guys might be a problem for you since you're gay," I told her.

Everyone but Abby and I laughed. "Who told you I was gay? I'm Bi actually and I've had my own little nest of love slaves ever since I've been here," Ellie replied.

"What!" I almost shouted.

"Boss, I've been fucking and sucking these guys since they got here. Little Dave over there loves to eat pussy and does not mind if there is a dick close by when he licks a clit. He also has a very juicy Italian sausage that he likes sucked on a regular basis. Eddie has a bat that can find all those deep itchy places that a girl likes scratched and Carl is an ass man all the way. I've got more than any girl could ever dream of right here."

"You lucky girl you!" Abby said with a laugh. "I kind of figured as much."

"Yeah, I even thought about adding the boss to the harem but I never got around to it," Ellie confided.

"You don't worry about him. By the time this weekend is over, he won't be worth anything to anyone sexually. I plan on fucking his dick off and drowning him with my pussy on his face. Why don't you do the same for the rest of the crew?"

I just stared at Abby with my mouth open, a shocked look on my face.

"I've had them in ones and twos but never all three at once," Ellie mused standing up and whipping her oversized tee shirt off over her head. 

Her cone shaped breasts looked beautiful standing high and proud on her chest. The twin cones were capped with soft puffy areolas and fingertip sized hard nipples. I had noticed the hard pointed bumps in her baggy tee shirts from time to time but never imagined her tits were such perfectly formed cones. 

She unzipped her shorts and wiggled out of them. Her underwear went with the shorts. She stood there in a pair of hiking boots and a smile. She was a natural blonde, I noticed right off.

With a giggle, she turned and hopped up on the end of my desk, placing one booted foot in Eddie's lap and the other in Carl's lap. 

"I don't think I'll be needing the boots." She told them.

Her legs were spread wide open as the two men unlaced her boots. In a flash, Dave was on his knees, with his head buried between Ellie's legs. She groaned loudly and lay back on my desk. 

"Oh God, that feels so good," she whispered as she reached up and pulled my head down toward her right breast. With a mental shrug, I sucked the puffy cone between my lips and fluttered my tongue back and forth over the nipple. Ellie groaned even louder.

Something brushing the top of my head, made me look up. Abby was sucking on Ellie's other nipple. I grinned at her with a nipple in my mouth and she grinned back the same way. Ellie was moaning and groaning almost continuously now as her hips worked up and down against Dave's mouth.

A minute or so later, someone tapped me on the shoulder and I looked up to see Abby standing next to me. Eddie now had the other whole breast in his mouth. Abby grabbed the arm of my chair and dragged me off to the side. As I got out of the way, Carl moved in and went to work on Ellie's vacant breast. 

She now had her feet up on the edge of the desk and all that touched the desk were her feet and shoulders. Her fingers were tangled in Carl and Eddie's hair as she pulled them tightly to her breasts. She was moaning in an undulating tone that matched the up and down movement of her hips.

Hands on my belt brought my attention back to Abby who was on her knees next to me. She got the belt buckle undone and was working on the zipper. When she had the zipper all the way down she whispered, "Stand up."

When I did, she pulled my pants and underwear down around my calves and told me to sit back down. My dick was hard and standing up against my belly. I groaned loudly as her cool fingers wrapped around it and then I almost yelled as she slowly swallowed me in one motion. I was fighting hard to keep from coming, right then and right there.

Abby's nose and breath on the skin at the base of my cock, coupled with the slow movement of her tongue around the base had me squirming and groaning loudly. Somewhere in the back of my mind, I could hear Ellie yelling incoherently as she came.

As Ellie's yell slowly died, Abby lifted her head holding suction as she did, her tongue wiggled and licked all along the bottom of my shaft. I was shaking and moaning the whole way. As she lifted her head off me, I felt her squeeze the base of my dick with her thumb and the urge to come slowly slacked off.

She grinned up at me and nodded to Ellie. Dave was sitting on the couch and wiping his shiny wet looking face on his tee shirt. Carl was standing on one side of Ellie naked and Eddie was naked on the other. I saw what she meant by a "bat"; Eddie's dick was nine or ten inches long and as big around as a beer can.

"For each time Ellie comes, you get one full suck," Abby said, smiling up at me. "Do you think you can last as long as she does?"

"No way, I've almost come twice already," I whispered.

"If you do, then I'll have to find me another sucker, won't I?" She chuckled when I squirmed at the thought.

"Now, you be a good boy and enjoy your blowjob, just don't enjoy it too much. I have plans for this thing later, believe me."

Ellie's muffled moaning drew my attention back to the desk. Dave had his dick in her mouth and she was sucking it greedily. Carl was now across the desk and Ellie had his dick in her hand. Eddie was between her legs, his big dick laying between her pussy lips and moving slowly up and down. Ellie shivered and shook, her hips lifting to make better contact with Eddie.

Eddie looked at Carl and grinned. "Let me get her warmed up and then we'll move to the sofa and double team her."

Carl grinned back at Eddie and then chuckled as Ellie tried to protest around Dave's dick. Dave just grabbed her head and shoved his dick in deeper, saying, "Don't worry, I'll sit on the back of the couch and keep you from alarming the neighbors. You're just going to love the two of them at once and all three of us at once will be even better."

Ellie was shaking her head but she was still sucking on Dave. Suddenly, she froze and then tried to yell. Eddie's dick wasn't on top anymore; it was slowly disappearing inside Ellie's pussy. Ellie was shivering and shaking again and writhing all over the desk. Eddie's hands on her hips kept them in place as he steadily pressed forward.

He would pause every so often, pull back slightly, and then push forward again. Ellie would yell, whimper, and moan, depending on what he was doing. By the time his hips touched hers, she was yelling continuously and her hips were jerking and bucking against Eddie.

Suddenly Abby's hot wet mouth swallowed me again. I yelled myself and then groaned as her nose touched the hair at the base of my shaft and her tongue writhered and wiggled around the base. I was shaking again by the time she raised her head to plant a kiss on the head of my dick.

She looked up at me and grinned as she licked her lips. "Tasty, mighty tasty," she whispered. 

I groaned loudly as she sucked the head into her mouth and swirled her tongue around and over the sensitive flesh. I was shaking as she popped me out of her mouth.

She looked over toward the others and smiled. "It looks like the grand finale is about to begin."

I looked over to find Eddie sitting on the sofa with Ellie straddling his hips, Eddie's big dick still buried to the hilt in her pussy. Dave was sitting on the back of the couch, his dick in Ellie's mouth. She was sucking greedily and moaning loudly. Carl was standing behind Ellie with his long thin dick in his hand.

"I'm going to need some lube," Carl said.

Eddie lifted Ellie's hips as if she weighted nothing. When his dick came free Ellie moaned loudly and then whimpered. "Here, stick it in her pussy, it wet and slippery enough to lube up a dozen dicks."
