 The lounge was cloaked in quiet conversation when they re-entered. Soft flute music was playing and more candles had been lit. Kailyn took Saphirra to a red futon on the floor in the center of the room and kissed her passionately. Her luxurious long black hair caressed the slave's cheeks. Saphirra felt a flood of joy course through her as she embraced Kailyn. Her eyes closed as she breathed in the love of this incredible woman, letting it warm her to the core. She returned her kiss ecstatically, and found her body being pulled onto the futon, on top of her Mistresse, where they kissed and fondled for their audience until Julius joined them. Saphirra never knew she could be so wet for so long. The constant attention had made her thighs slip against eachother as she walked. She was conscious of every surface she sat against. Kailyn's velvet gown brushed against every peach fuzz hair on her arms. The Mistresse pushed her aside briefly so she could slip her gown over her head. Saphirra breathed deeply at the sight of her naked form. She, too, had shaved since that afternoon. Her labia poked out to taunt her slave. Saphirra's juice dripped in response from her cunt, landing seductively on her Mistresse's wet pussy as she leaned over her on all fours. Kailyn grinned and fingered herself, swirling it around to coat it with her nectar. A moment later she put it in Saphirra's mouth and watched the girl squeal with delight as she licked her finger clean. 

"How do I taste?" she laughed.

"Ambrosia. You're heavenly," Saphirra mused. She could still taste Kailyn on her tongue when Julius's graceful hand lifted her chin and his hard cock entered her mouth. She could smell the leather of the trousers he still wore, but had opened at the front. Feeling his width fill her mouth and tasting that familiar sweetness again was intoxicating. She braced her hand against his chest and fingered the edge of his open silk shirt. Siezing control, he thrust his cock at her one more time, and pulled away. Falling back on all fours, Saphirra barely had a moment to catch her breath before she felt the thrust of a smooth shaft into her flooded pussy. She contracted against it. Her eyes squeezed shut while her nerves rubbed against the cock, groaning in ecstasy each time the tip pressed at her innermost point; a wet pillow of nerves pulsing with blood and pleasure. Saphirra drifted among all these sensations, moving her buttocks and thighs, not with her will but in full abandon. Her arms collapsed under her and she searched for Kailyn's full, demanding lips, but instead found her netherlips, for her Mistresse had been prodded by Julius to turn herself around. He was now driving his shaft into Kailyn's pussy while Saphirra's lips found her Mistresse's clit and sucked hard. The Mistresse reciprocated by darting her long tongue out as Guillaume continued to slap his groin against Saphirra's upturned ass. She knew it was him--she could see his pant legs through hers. She could smell the same musk she had licked from her Mistresse. Inertia took over and the lapping and rocking, like the distant waves against the rocks, was now much more difficult to stop than to perpetuate. Her back arched and buttocks rose to meet and resist the thrust of Guillaume. He was now, literally, driving her to distraction, drilling her whole force into her Mistresse and Julius. She was an anemone, undulating, drawing in everything that came near.

Saphirra felt her Mistresse rise beneath her, rising from the lava flow inside of her. Her lips moved away from Saphirra's mound as she succombed to her own climax. Saphirra held fast, moving her tongue furiously now, drawing in Kailyn's hard bud, imprisoning it between her teeth, her lips. She held her grip, bracing herself with one hand on Julius' flexed thigh as Kailyn shook with the current. Even Guillaume paused, thick with tension, to witness the Mistresse's ecstasy. When she was spent, she slipped away from Saphirra with Julius. Now what were they up to? 

This brief introspection was aborted as Guillaume resumed, pushing her onto her belly, her arms now no more supportive than bread dough. She felt the air press around her, the closing presence of the other guests. Guillaume's rythym became more urgent, his thrusts gave the slave a warm pain in her belly, but she held on until he pulled out and came on her ass. 

Lulu appeared from out of nowhere and rubbed down Saphirra's ass and pussy with a hot, damp cloth. Saphirra seized the moment to catch her breathe desperately while her Mistresse and new Master appeared in the corner of her rapture-blurred vision. They were on a nearby cushion. The Mistresse was sitting on the Master's lap and lowering her tender anus over his erection. They both glistened with come and massage oil. As soon as the Mistresse had absorbed him into her, down to the base, another man knelt against their low cushion and entered the Mistresse from the front. The Master was whispering something in the Mistresse's ear. She replied softly, but audibly, 

"Yes, please, Master, I want you to come in my ass." 

Saphirra subconsciously began to tense and relax her glutes while watching this, and Guillaume took the opportunity to follow Julius' lead. He took the handiest bottle of scented oil, and whispered to Saphirra, 

"Come let me see your tight little asshole, sweetie." She crept up and followed him to a lovesac, watching the tan muscles of his back ripple slightly as he practically swam across the room. He sat down and removed his rumpled slacks, and she crouched over his naked lap, holding her cheeks apart for him. He inserted an oil-coated finger into her ass and she cooed with pleasure. Finding more room than he'd expected, he lost no time lubing his still erect penis and filling her ass with it. Saphirra gasped at the brief burning sensation, but he held it still once he was in, and Saphirra found her muscles contracting rhythmically, almost automatically. She moved to finger her clit to ease the pain, but her lover seized both her hands and held them fast at the small of her back with his strong right hand. Then he licked his left index finger and rubbed it on her clit. Just as Saphirra's rhythm rose the woman who had fed her strawberries approached her with a dildo. She knelt at the slave's knees and slammed the dildo into her sticky cunt while licking and sucking her clit like a woman starved. 

Saphirra was pushed over the edge to another orgasm as she caught her Mistresse coming with three men and two women. Kailyn's sweet lips circled around another man's cock mimicking the motions of her asshole against Julius, while she fingered a different pussy in each hand. Min had not been exaggerating when she said Saphirra would beg to have every hole filled. Her lust was a downpour. 

"Please--" she cried breathily in the high singsong voice of her climax, "Fill me up!" Though her Mistresse could not answer, there was no need. Saphirra soon felt the tender flesh of the tip of a penis slip through her lips. The strawberry woman moved from her pussy to her left hand, taking it and shoving Saphirra's three fingers into a pussy so wet and open that only the woman's strong grip could keep Saphirra's hand inside. Reeling from the throbbing cock slipping in and out of her mouth, her hand went limp as the woman used her as just another toy. Saphirra closed her eyes as the cock she had coated in her saliva parted the lips of her pussy. He was excruciatingly slow, and smaller than Guillaume. 

"Oh, fuck me, fuck me!" she begged, pulsating against him and breathed in another's musk at her face. This penis had the tart, spicy scent of her Mistresse. The slave gasped quickly and devoured it, taking the shaft deep into her throat to suck every drop of her Mistresse. This silenced her. She had no courage now to look into anyone's eyes nor see faces. She kept her eyes shut to concentrate on the juices pouring into her from every angle. She was pressed between the two men's torsos, the malleable orbs of her breasts in sharp contrast to their tight, twitching pecs. Guillaume's gentle movements in and out of her puckered hole, and his fingers massaging the rim were awakening a flood within her ass. The throbbing was automatic, uncontrollable. Both her hands now felt the soft ridges and folds of a woman's burning sex. The mingling scents were heady and thick. A strange new torrent of heat crashed through Saphirra's anus causing her sphincter to pulse with the speed of a master pianist. She let go and shook as Guillaume finally lost his poise, crying, 

"Oh, God, Saphirra!" as he filled her ass with his come. This orgasm was not like the clitoral ones she was used to. This orgasm made the slave wild. Instead of being spent and sore, she was primed, full of honey and aching to erupt again. Her pussy had been naked all evening for all to see; glinting teasingly from her constant state of arousal. The slave knew she was the real delicacy the Master and Mistresse had used to entice their guests. She was amazed at their gentleness as they offered her water, and gave her moments to breathe. As the cries and movements around her softened the slave felt the cool blind on her face and sensed her Mistresse's presence. She sighed with pleasure, happy to be in darkness. 

"Thank you, Mistresse." Kailyn bent over to kiss her slave, and playfully bit her lip, but said nothing. 

While Kailyn gathered coats and gave her thanks and goodbyes to the other guests at the door, Julius gathered the orgy participants in a comfortable pile on the lovesac where Saphirra lay, blinded and out of breath, but still shining pink with arousal. 

"Slave, do you have a good sense of smell?" he asked.

"Yes, Master. I can almost taste you in the air," she smiled softly.

"I'm going to introduce you to everyone. It's not right that you don't know everyone's names. But I'm going to leave the blind on. You will know them by touch and smell." He sat down beside Saphirra and nodded to one of the men with whom he had shared Kailyn. The man gently placed his limp member in Saphirra's hand. "This is Marc. Smell him, pussycat." Saphirra curled her face to her hand, and inhaled his musk, strong from arousal, but his own this time, not Kailyn's. 

"Now you smell of you--like strong tea." Julius continued until Saphirra had taken a moment with each, to memorize them. They were all inclined to be lighthearted, and laughed as she searched for words to describe them all. It was difficult since several were similar, but she nuzzled her face against the soft spot behind one's ear, in the crook of another's arm, at the delicate hollow below the collarbone, until she had a clear sense memory to place with each name. Guillaume was hard to place but unforgettable, and Ilana, the strawberry woman, wore a fruity perfume. Only then did Julius remove the blind so Saphirra could add faces to the puzzle. 

"But wasn't there another woman?" 

"Of course," he grinned, "Lulu took advantage of your lovely hand for a bit. Didn't you recognize her?"

The slave dipped her head, and squinted her eyes sheepishly. "Well, no, not from....that." She was disappointed that she hadn't seen the look on Lulu's face. Her Mistresse returned to find her blushing.

"Seeing Marc's cock in my pussy made you come, didn't it?" Kailyn grinned. Glad that they were giving her a moment to step out of her role, Saphirra answered, 

"Well, that and Guillaume and---everyone--it was--overwhelming!"

"Would anyone like to stay for the birthday girl's spanking?" Julius asked. The slave's eyes popped open wider when eight agreed, making the Master and Mistress ten. "Splendid, a nice even number!" he laughed mischieviously. Ilana and Marc begged the late hour, and Kailyn saw them out, while Julius went looking for the restraints to prepare the slave. Soon Saphirra found herself entering into the dark, dizzy, head of a true slave again; blinded, with her hands and feet bound, mouth gagged, nipples clamped, and her warm ass pushing against a cold plug. Though her climax had subsided, the shock of the plug and the clamps kept her just aroused enough to stay open and pliant. The remaining group trooped en mass down to the dungeon with her in tow. When they entered the heated tile floor soothed her feet, but it was a brief pleasure as she was quickly lifted onto the horse where she had just that afternoon tasted Julius for the first time. How long ago that seemed!

"Now, don't anyone hold back. If anyone can't do a full twenty-five, don't worry, I'll finish her off!" The Master barked. Saphirra quaked at the thought of that many spanks. 

"Remember, pussy, I'm here," Saphirra felt Kailyn's warm breath in her ear. "If it's too much, you just signal. I'll know." The Mistresse kissed her forehead, and moved around to the back of the horse. "Give me the paddle, Guillaume. I'll start her off." 

Saphirra's head reeled in conflicting emotions as the blows landed on her protruding ass. The Mistresse had done this many times before, but there was an intimacy to it now that clutched at the slave's heart. She lay there, full of the come of these new lovers, but strangely shy that they should see her like this with her Mistresse. After everything that had happened that day she could not explain it. She was not in the position of a shrinking flower. A river of gutteral groans escaped through the gag, her dripping juices made a dark slick along the vinyl horse. She bucked from each new new hand against her ass, but reared back for another again and again. The smelling game was more than just a game, for now she knew who was spanking her, as they all made a point of leaning in closely. Every now and again Saphirra stretched her fingers, which were attached to the front of the horse, and felt Kailyn's hand. She had taught her to signal the "I Love You" sign in her hand, like Helen Keller, only now it made more sense why. 

Guillaume, who knew her most private hole so intimately, reached below and spanked her against the plug and the tender spot between. She relished his scent--it was almost as if the beach clung to him wherever he went. Saphirra was beyond a violent climax by now, writhing on a plateau of wakeful nerves, as if any moment a million orgasms might ooze from every pore. They showered her with crude names, encouraging her to surrender her self and become a toy to be used. They complimented her round, tight ass, and crowed to see it's color deepen with every blow. Julius was last and took his time, sliding his dry hand over her burning cheeks, caressing every curve, as if he was memorizing the terrain and planning his swing, like an Olympic athelete. 

"You're a furnace, you little slut. Absolutely insatiable." He bent down and hissed menacingly in her ear, "Now you're going to get what's coming to you. And you're going to beg." The Master removed the gag, and land a powerful blow with the paddle. 

"Fuck!" Saphirra swore. Sweat stung her eyes, and a tear rolled down her cheek. She felt Kailyn's hand against her own, but was not ready to give in. She could take it. 

"Will you please spank me again, Master?" Whether the next spanks were softer, or whether she was simply desensitized, the slave could not tell. Julius was right. Soon she was begging, "Harder, harder!" The paddle roamed all over her ass as the room counted them out. There was a slight pause, and she waved her ass insistently in the air. "More, Master! Please!" Someone grabbed her thighs and pulled them out and open. Her pussylips gaped wide, coming back to life, then felt the blow of a smaller paddle, one shaped especially to fit between the cheeks and spank her cunt. She couldn't believe she was coming again. "Fuck me harder, Master! Spank me! Spank my cunt! Fuck! I'm coming!"

"Not yet, you're not," he ordered and stopped. There was nothing but the sound of her panting. After about five seconds, he spanked her cunt again, and asked, "What are you?"

"I'm a come slut, Master!"

"You're going to come on 25, got that?"

"Yes, Master!" Though she was sure this was a set up for failure and yet more punishment, the slave promised. 

"Count them out!"

She gasped, and counted, "19-20-21-22-twenty-three-ee-aaahhh-ah-ah-twenty-four-ur-omigod-twenty-fi-iy-iyaaaa!" She collapsed and barely heard the guests applauding. 

"You really know how to put on a show, Julius. I hope you were filming that one?"

"You know I was," he smiled with the look of triumph in his eyes. Kailyn hugged him tightly, with pride. 

The click of heels on tile and the soft murmuring of goodnights and goodbyes were beginning to lull Saphirra to sleep, when Kailyn and Julius released the buckles and stripped her bare. They each kissed her, Kailyn removing the blind, and the Master wiping her clean with a steamed towel. Kailyn was leaning over the front of the bench, resting her weight on her long gorgeous arms and gazing at Saphirra's spent body when Julius came around behind her. He took his penis in his hand and rubbed it back and forth across her pussy. Kailyn held her stare on Saphirra as if she could transmit the sensation with her eyes. Saphirra was too tired to look up but kept her eyes open--they rested just above the level of Kailyn's pussy. Her thighs glistened with sweat. She wanted Saphirra to smell the tang of her juices, and hear the slip of the Master's cock on her moisture. She wanted her slave to watch him enter her Mistresse's pussy, but it did not. He was coating his fingers as well as his penis with Kailyn's juices, and while his penis thrust at her, so did his slippery finger in her ass. She let out a heavy groan.

"Beg for it, slave," he said throatily in her ear, loud enough for Saphirra to hear.

Kailyn interrupted her groans of pleasure to gasp out, "Please, Master, fuck me in the ass. Please fill my filthy ass with your huge cock!"

Saphirra was enthralled again to hear these words from her Mistresse--a slave and begging for it! What did that make her? Even lower. A pet. Nothing but a pussy. Her loins pulsed at the thought.

Julius knew what Kailyn wanted. She wanted the swift burning thrust, the constant friction--he knew her. He felt her cheeks clench and release rhythmically in his hands as her passion opened that passage wide. He tightened his grip on her pelvis, and hammered his shaft in with one stroke. He waited only to hear her cry of ecstatic pain, then began pulling and pushing with the hypnotic rhythm of a trapeze artist. Kailyn was in another world, but still refused to drop her gaze from her own slave. She recalled Saphirra's tongue on her ass that morning, and the memory added the sweetest agony to the pleasure of the moment. She pushed against her Master's pelvis, rapt with the shared pleasure of his rising orgasm. Anticipating with unparalleled lust the rush of his hot jam on the sensitive tissue of her anus, rushed her nectar to the surface. 

"I'm going to come on your ass!" he cried and pulled out. Both clenched stiff for the final eruption, and in one frozen moment in time, Saphirra watched a drop of her Mistresse's precious liquid fall to the floor. They both smiled down at Saphirra, and Julius grabbed Kailyn's arms and spun her around. "Lap up your cream, little pussy."

He hadn't forgotten! Saphirra licked the Master's come from her Mistresse's ass, grinning the whole time. She stretched her tongue out as far as it would go, and made a show of running the tip from Kailyn's anus up her crevice to the small of her back. 

"That's it, comeslut, lick your Mistresse clean."

"Yes, Master," she whispered, swallowing his sweet cream. Kailyn moved herself over her slave, manuevering so Saphirra could reach every dip in her topography. The girl's tongue ran from her back to her clit and back again, dipping quickly inside both her holes to make sure she got every drop.
