 Sara and Patsy slept in on their second day at South Padre Island. It was almost noon when they finally rolled out. Patsy peered over at Sara who was grinning broadly. "What?" She asked.

"Oh, I was just wondering if Bob was as much fun as it sounded last night – you were almost screaming."

Patsy looked a little sheepish, but recovered quickly. "He is very athletic to say the least. He has 8 hard inches and really knows how to use it. His tongue is pretty good too!"

"Yeah, I could tell you two were getting it on pretty good." Sara was still grinning.

"Well, so what about you? Did you make it with Pete last night? I really wasn't paying attention."

Sara laughed, "I noticed. Believe it or not, big sister, I was a good girl last night – mostly."

Patsy was incredulous. "What? He didn't fuck you?"

"He tried, but I told him I wouldn't." Patsy couldn't believe it. "Why did you tell him that? What happened?"

"I told you I was going to be a good girl on this trip." Sara started grinning and continued, "I did give him a blowjob though, he looked so sad." Patsy laughed and gave her a hand slap. "Way to go, sis. No sense in being too good is there?"

"For me, that is being pretty good, I thought." Sara joined her in the laughter.

It was near sunset again. They had spent the day on the beach, hooking up again with Bob and Pete. Along the way they ran across Phil and Jack as well as a couple of girls they knew from school. They had already drank about a case of beer between them and they all were a bit tipsy.

They were walking toward the sunset rally which had already started. There was no wet t-shirt contest tonight but the music could be heard for a mile at least. The kegs were back in force and it was getting wild. Sara slipped her arm around Phil and was kidding with him. "Saw you two last night with a couple of hotties. Did you get yourself laid Fucking Phil?" Everybody called him that because he was always horny and had the biggest cock in the Frat house. 

"You know me, sweet thing. I never kiss and tell." Phil replied in an aloof manner. 

"You got laid!" Sara stated, grinning at him. Phil just grinned back and gave her a hug. "You're still my best girl Sara."

They joined the crowd, grabbed more beer and found a place on the sand. They were all too wasted to try to dance. Hard to do in bare feet in the sand anyway. Patsy was sitting between Bob and Jack; they were all playing grab ass games. Bob reached over and unsnapped Patsy's top. She grabbed it and held it to her breasts in protest. Jack took it away and started running toward the surf, Patsy in hot pursuit, her tits bobbing wildly. The crowd took note of it and cheered loudly. Bob started running after them, not to be outdone, as Sara looked on with Phil and Pete. "I wonder what they're gonna do." 

Sara laughed. They had a few more beers and watched the crowd. Couples were making out and more girls lost their tops. No one seemed to mind, least of all the guys. Two by two, they began drifting off. In some cases there were 3 or more in a group."We'd better go find Patsy and the guys." Sara said, getting up and staggering somewhat. "I'll get us a beer to go" said Bob.

They began walking along the beach, sipping on their beer and watching the biggest make-out sessions they had ever seen. Almost none of the girls had their tops on now and hands were taking their place. As they walked, Bob told Sara, "Why don't you lose your top too. You look out of place around here." Phil chimed in, "Come on Sara, you might as well join in. We know you got the best set of all. You won the contest, right?"

She thought about it and was almost ready to go along, when a lovely brunette came running up to them, topless like the rest, her tits bobbing along as she ran.

"Hi Phil, where ya going?" She was one of the girls Sara had noticed with Phil and Jack last night. 

"Just moseying along and enjoying the view, Tabby. You want to join us? It's a beautiful night. "Yeah, enjoying all the tits on the beach, aren't you Babe? The girl named Tabby replied. "Can I tag along?

Phil introduced her to Sara and Pete. Her real name was Jean, but she preferred Tabby. Sara asked her why and she said "Lots of pussies are called Tabby. And I am definitely a pussy!" Sara was a little shocked, but they all laughed at her.

They were still looking for Patsy, but as they topped over a small dune, they noticed a threesome in full action in the hollow. The girl was full-breasted, on her hands and knees leaning over a black guy with his cock in her mouth. Behind her, another guy was giving it to her doggie style. Sara and the guys stopped cold only a few feet away and watched. Tabby walked closer to the action as the girl was definitely into it, sucking in air and cock and gasping for breath. Both guys were close to losing it. Suddenly, the guy fucking her pulled out and shot a load over her back. Sara was watching closely and grabbed onto Phil's arm for balance. She had never seen anything quite like it before.

The girl never lost a beat; she used her hand on the guy's cock and sucked frantically. He arched his back and cried out. He was giving her a mouthful, Sara knew. It was hot and she couldn't help but be aroused.

Sara pulled Phil away and Bob and Tabby followed. They continued walking, not saying a word. They hadn't gone far when they ran across two couples behind another dune, fucking missionary style. They were moving slow and really into it. They did not notice Sara, Tabby and the guys at all. 

They headed off again toward the surf. Sara was quiet, obviously turned on. After awhile, she reached back and unsnapped her top and handed it to Phil to carry. Her breasts were reddened and her nipples erect. She knew she was wet down below. Tabby moved over to her and Phil and said, "Why don't we find a place for us?"

She led the way over another dune to a hollow where no one was around. She turned to Phil and took his hand.

"Remember last night?" she whispered to him, but Sara heard her plainly. "I'm sooo ready again."

They broke apart and Phil reached for Sara, "Come on, Baby, plenty of room of all of us." "You're always ready, Tabby." Phil countered, "And so am I." Sara and Pete stood there a little hesitantly as Phil and Tabby embraced. His hands fondled her small tits and her hand caressed his cock beneath his bathing suit. 

Sara resisted, but Pete took her hand and they sank to the sand together. Tabby lay down next to Sara and peeled her bottoms off revealing her lovely pussy. Her hand caressed her private spot lovingly and she spread her legs apart. Her fingers flicked at her prominent clit. 

As Pete wordlessly eased her onto her back next to Tabby, she knew all was lost. She was too drunk and too horny to resist any further. She had never gotten into group action before; her threesome with Phil and Jack was the closest she ever came, but after watching Tabby's exhibition, she was too far gone to stop now. 

Phil dropped his suit and his huge cock was already erect. He stood over Tabby and watched as she sent two fingers into her pussy. "That's why they call her Tabby; short for pussy." He jerked his cock a couple of times and went to his knees between her legs. 

Sara looked away, then up to Pete. He grasped her suit bottom and began to ease it off her hips revealing her shaved pussy. "Beautiful, Sara. Just beautiful. I've been thinking about this all night. Last night was great but this is what we really need to do." 

Sara was really turned on, but confused. Phil was her good friend and she had told him that she did not want to have sex right now. But here she was, on her back naked with a stranger about to fuck her and watching Phil about to fuck another stranger. This just wasn't right somehow. 

She turned back to Phil and Tabby and watched as he rubbed his big cock around Tabby's pussy. Tabby raised her legs and wrapped them around him and pulled him in. She moaned and Sara heard her say, "That's it, fuck me Phil, fuck me." 

Sara looked down as Pete spread her legs and breathed on her naked cunt. His tongue licked her slit and he sucked her erect clit gently. That was it, she was lost. She grabbed his hair and pulled him tightly to her pussy and cried out in joy. "Oh, Pete, that's what a girl likes. " 

"Just returning the favor, babe." Pete said. He put his hands under her ass and raised her up like he was having dinner. She was gasping for air as an instant orgasm took her away. She was so hot! 

She spasmed twice and curled her legs around his head. As she calmed, she glanced over at Phil and Tabby. They were fucking like crazy. Phil was obviously as turned on as Sara and was giving Tabby the full monty. He looked over and their eyes met. "Having fun, Sara?" he kept pumping away. 

Sara didn't answer. She unlocked Pete from her legs and reaching down, pulled him up and over her. She said, "it's time, Pete. Tonight, you're gonna get lucky." She spread wide and taking his cock in her hand, guided him into her. She was so wet she was dripping and he entered her smoothly, up to the hilt in the best pussy he'd ever had. Sara felt it immediately. He was in her all the way and moving in and out like a pro. She couldn't help it and started coming again. She hated to display how much she liked it here in front of everyone, but the fact was she was a sexual girl who loved it more than anything else. She climaxed twice before he could catch up with her. "Oh, Sara, you are too much." Pete whispered in her ear as he continued jabbing her with his cock. Sara couldn't speak. She felt like she could come yet again. She looked next to her and Phil was pounding Tabby hard. Tabby was gasping like a fish out of water and pulling on Phil's hips as he pumped her. 

Both girls were coming now. It was a race to the finish. Pete lost first, shooting hot come into Sara who followed him with her own fourth or fifth orgasm; she'd lost count. Tabby cried out, "I'm coming Phil, you did it Baby. Come on, come on, keep me going." She went berserk, and Phil pulled out and crawled up her body. As Tabby was still coming, he put his cock into her mouth and let go. He shot again and again and the poor girl was too excited to swallow or anything. It went on her face, in her hair and leaked out of her mouth. 

Phil sat back, looking very smug as Tabby writhed about and slowly calmed. Sara laid there watching in amazement. Pete buried his head in her hair and continued easing his cock in and out slowly. 

Eventually, they parted and sat up. Sara noticed another couple leaving from the top of the dune. They had been watching them, but now had other ideas in mind. So this is what Spring Break was about, Sara wondered. 

They sat together, still naked. Pete had some cigarettes and passed them around. They talked as they smoked. Sara had never felt so free. She was flying, between the alcohol and the sex. Why not, she thought, I might as well admit that I'm a slut. 

As she was thinking, Tabby reached over and pulled her into an embrace. Tabby kissed her and they swapped tongue action. Sara was startled, but did not push her away. As the kiss ended, Tabby said, "Have you ever kissed a girl before, Sara?" "No," she replied, "I've never wanted to." Tabby smiled and kissed her again. She pushed Sara onto her back and her hands roved over Sara's body. "I go both ways, Sara. And, you are the most beautiful girl I've ever seen." 

Sara laid there as Tabby slid down her body. She looked up at Phil and Pete with a questioning gaze. They grinned at her and nodded. Tabby kissed Sara between her legs and spread her labia wide. She tongued Sara until she closed her eyes and grasped Tabby's hair. She needed something to hold onto. 

She felt Tabby shifting her body until she was over her. Sara opened her eyes and saw Tabby's wet pussy descending to her face. She turned away, but as Tabby continued licking and sucking her, she gave in. Sara opened her eyes to the closest view she had ever had of a female cunt. Tentatively, she touched Tabby's clit with her tongue and licked it. It did not taste bad, not at all like a man's cock, but good in any case. 

Phil and Pete watched in amazement. They had never witnessed a lesbian act before and it turned them on as well. Phil dropped down where he could see clearly how Tabby was sucking Sara. Pete did the same at the other end and watched Sara getting into it. There was no way they were going to stop them.

People drifted by and saw the action. They paused to watch awhile. They saw Sara reach her climax and Tabby worked her through it expertly. Then, Tabby began to come and Sara stayed with her until the girl calmed down. As they parted, the small crowd began to drift away. Some clapped rudely and a comment or two was heard. "Way to go." and "better than a cock any day." 

Sara and Tabby laid there for a few minutes and looked at each other. They both smiled and Sara just shook her head and laughed. "Oh, God, what's a girl to do?" They started to reach for their suits, then looked up to see both men standing over them with full erections. "I'll tell you what a girl's to do, Sara." Phil said. "You know, don't you?" Sara looked at Tabby and wordlessly they got to their knees. This time Phil approached Sara and Pete took Tabby. Sara reached for Phil's big cock and Tabby just opened wide and let Pete stick it in.

They both began to lick and suck on the hard cocks in front of them. After watching Sara and Tabby do their thing, they were ready to com. Dutifully both girls worked their guys until one by one, they shot off into their mouths. Phil came first and Sara took it with glee. Pete's knees buckled as he came in Tabby's hot mouth. Both girls swallowed and looked up at their lovers. Cum was running down their chins. 

"That's what girls are to do." They said together laughing. 

As they dressed and headed back, Sara kept wondering what had happened to Patsy. When Sara got back to the condo, having said good night to everyone, Patsy was not there. She undressed and crawled into her sofa bed, exhausted and sated. For now. 

Around midnight, Patsy came in. She had two guys with her, both unknown to Sara. Sara pretended to be asleep as the threesome went into Patsy's bedroom and closed the door. Sara grinned to herself and thought:

"Patsy is still her big sister, but Sara is catching up."