 As Sara looked up at the clock on the living room wall, she heard the front door being unlocked. It must be John. Her husband was a stickler for punctuality. She just hoped he would make good on the deal he had made with her that morning.

"Sara, I'd like you to meet Greg. My new partner." said John, smiling as he entered . "He's new with the precinct. I think we'll get along pretty good. I wanted him to meet you and let him know what the fringe benefits were for being my backup.

Sara looked up at her husband's new partner and nearly gasped out loud. Greg stood about six two with jet black hair. He was very muscular and she saw the look in his eyes that told her that John had already filled him in on what he could expect from this meeting, Sara thought about what his arms would feel like wrapped around her waist. Her husband knew what she was thinking. 

"Yeah, I told him about how much fun we could have here at the homestead and he says he can't wait so here we are honey. What do you think?" John asked with his puppy dog eyes. 

"John, you always come through for me don't you?" she replied. "He's just what the doctor ordered."

Sara stood up from the table and walked around to stand in front of Greg. She could see that he was already aroused by the bulge in the front of his trousers. 

"It seems that my husband has already told you a little about me. I hope he didn't exaggerate any." Sara cooed.

"Well, John told me that you were a nympho and he has a ball watching you do it with other guys, but I had to see it for myself, so I called him on it." Greg answered. "I guess he wasn't kidding."

"No, he wasn't kidding, Greg, I am everything he told you I was. Can I show you?" she begged.

"Hell yes! That's the reason I'm here, isn't it? I want to see it really happen, especially now that I've had the chance to see how hot you are." Greg answered.

Sara wrapped her hand around the back of his head and pulled him to her face. "I am hot, and I am real, Greg. Let me show you."

As she pressed her lips against his, she placed her left hand on his crotch and began rubbing slowly against him. Sara knew from experience that there was no sense in formality or long introductions in this sort of situation. She felt his cock begin to shift and become hard beneath her touch. She could almost hear the throb that she felt in the palm of her hand. Greg couldn't help but wrap his arms around her waist as she had hoped. His mouth went to her throat and he inhaled the aroma of her musky perfume. She knew he was too far gone to deny her anything she desired. She was his sex slave and John knew that she was ready for anything he wanted her to do. 

"Man, you are a horney little cunt aren't you?" Greg said, caught a little off guard by her forwardness.

"Suck him off, Sara. He has a big cock doesn't he? I'll bet you could really get into that one, huh?" John whined from the other side of the breakfast bar. "Do it, baby. Make him come."

Sara pretended to ignore John's words as she looked up into Greg's eyes and slowly dropped to her knees before him.

"Do it Sara." John said as he unbuckled his belt and unzipped his fly to release his own throbbing member. "Swallow his meat, Baby!"

Greg just pulled down on his pants and exposed his hard cock without waiting for Sara to do it for him, and, with his right hand, pointed his pulsing prick at Sara's lips.

"John says you're the best cocksucker in town and I can't wait to find out.: said Greg as he slid the head of his cock against her cheek. Sara didn't waste any time in pulling his hardness into her mouth. As soon as his cock slipped between her lips, she began to lather his shaft with her tongue. Greg looked down at Sara as her head bobbed up and down on his cock. Every stroke from her mouth made his muscle grow even more. He could tell that she was committed to making men come as hard as she could. He could feel the tingling pleasure of her tongue in the head of his cock as she worked it in a circle on the underside of his knob. He wouldn't be able to wait much longer. His prick swelled even more as she pushed the tip of her tongue into his pisshole and made circular motions with her hands as she stroked his shaft. Greg knew there was no reason to hold off and started to pump into Sara's hot mouth.

"You weren't kidding John. She is great! I can't believe my luck!" Greg panted. "Look at her working that hot mouth on me. I'm about ready to blow already."

"Do it Greg. I guarantee you she won't let you go until you can't come anymore, so you know you'll get all you want." John said as he stroked his shaft. 

As Sara listened to the men talk she began to speed up her rhythm on Greg's cock. Her lips were completely engulfing his prick now and she moaned as the head swelled in the back of her throat. She felt his hands clasp around her head and he began to fuck her mouth like an animal. Sara let him adjust the pace while she worked her tongue furiously up and down the length of his swollen member. She felt him swell even more and she knew he was nearly ready to feed her his hot seed.

"Come in her mouth Greg!" John exclaimed as he massaged his own cock and balls. " Fuck her mouth good! Shoot your come down her throat, man!" he cried as his own cock began to spray sperm all over the carpet in front of him.

The sight of John spewing his load was all it took for Greg. Sara's mouth was working furiously up and down his rod and he felt his come working it's way up his shaft. With every spurt of his semen, he felt uncontrollable waves of pleasure wash over his cock. He felt his knees buckle as Sara buried his rod deep in her throat and let him shoot his seed till he drained himself. After a half dozen more strokes his softening cock slid from her lips with a pop. John wasn't the big talker he'd thought. Now he had to figure how he could take control of the situation.

To be continued...