 Story contains coercion and reluctance.

*****

Mr. and Mrs. Crudele were going to have a much needed night out. Since the arrival of their little bundle of joy four months earlier they hadn't had a night out together. In fact they rarely had a few consecutive hours sleep in a row. But that night they had plans for a quick supper followed by an evening at their favorite club.

Mr. Crudele had obtained the number of a young woman from one of his subordinates who swore that she was reliable and came highly recommended. He'd called and she was available the evening in question so he arranged all the details including finding out her address so that a company car could be dispatched to transport her.

That evening Mr. Crudele walked into the bedroom as his wife was putting the final touches on her lipstick at her vanity mirror. He bent down and kissed her cheek as his large hand lightly brushed against her full breast.

"You look lovely as always Mary," he boomed in a loud voice.

"Well thank you dear. I'm just about ready."

"What a wife I have. Never late, always looks her best, already lost the baby weight. I don't deserve you. I just heard from the driver dear. They should be here in five minutes."

"Stop your flattery John," she said with a perfect smile, "it's unnecessary you know."

Five minutes later Mrs. Crudele walked down the grand staircase as her husband waited at the bottom. She had on a little black cocktail dress with stiletto heels and carried a light wrap and a silver clutch purse. He was wearing a pair of black slacks and a white shirt with the top two buttons unfastened. Though his clothing was expensive it did nothing to hide his bull like physique. 

Just then the doorbell rang. Mrs. Crudele went and opened the door and ushered the dark haired young woman into the foyer. The girl was on the petite side and in her heels Mrs. Crudele towered over her. She extended her tanned, manicured hand to the young woman.

"Why you must be Sara, I'm Mrs. Crudele and this is my husband. So glad you could come tonight."

"Yes I'm Sara Felinus. It's my pleasure to watch your baby. It must be nice to get a break for a change."

"You have no idea. Junior has been a handful and he always cries at night when one wishes to sleep. And his voice takes after his father's."

"Which means he's a bigmouth like his old man," Mr. Crudele said in a loud voice, appropriately enough. "Hello I'm Mr. Crudele," he said extending his bear like hand.

Sara's hand disappeared inside his and though he was gentle she felt the strength he possessed. Mrs. Crudele showed Sara the nursery and little Junior sleeping like an angel. They tiptoed out so as not to wake him, then headed to the nearby family room.

"You can see and hear everything that happens in Junior's room from this screen," Mrs. Crudele said, indicating a flat screen TV on the wall which she turned on with a remote. "You can also watch TV or a movie on the home entertainment center but please keep the volume low so you can hear the baby."

"Of course Mrs. Crudele. I was just planning on doing work on some of my college admission forms on my computer so I'll be listening for sure."

"That's fine dear, we do have wi-fi so you can access the internet. Now let me show you the kitchen. You may eat anything you want and if you need something just ring the bell and Juanita can make you something. She is our housekeeper/cook and could whip something up for you. Tonight's her night off but I'm sure she wouldn't mind."

"Oh no, I don't want to trouble anyone. I'm sure I'll be fine."

Mrs. Crudele then showed Sara the bottles for the baby as well as where the bathroom was. With that done she and her husband were ready to go.

"Hopefully we shouldn't be too late tonight Sara," Mr. Crudele bellowed. She smiled at him as she replied.

"Don't worry, take your time. Everything will be fine. Have a good time."

"Such a sweet girl and very pretty as well," Sara heard Mrs. Crudele tell her husband as they departed.

Two and a half hours later after an enjoyable meal Mr. Crudele was driving in the revitalized downtown section of the city near the river. Their member club was located around the corner when traffic became impossible. With some luck he managed to find parking for the Escalade on the street.

"Let me see what's going on my dear. I'll be right back."

"No problem; that will give me a chance to check on Junior."

Mr. Crudele climbed from the SUV and headed in the direction of the commotion. Less than fifteen minutes later he was back.

"Well my dear it seems we've had a setback," he told his wife as she looked up at him. "Right now the club is filled with smoke and firemen and the sprinkler system has activated. I heard from the doorman that the Johnsons were here with their robo fucking machine. It shorted out which then triggered the alarms. Perhaps we can troll for someone along the riverfront or do you want to try a bar?"

"I don't believe that will be necessary, although I wish I'd been there naked when all those firemen and their hoses arrived. But like they say when one door closes, another door opens. I was checking on the baby, don't worry he's fine, and I also checked on the other home systems. It seems little Sara was using the internet and guess what kind of site?"

Her husband looked at her with interest. She punched a few keys on the remote monitoring device they had installed on their dashboard, which could access all electronic and surveillance systems at their home. They could see from the SUV what Sara was accessing at the moment and it was an internet sex story site.

"She likes to read dirty stories it seems. And wait until you see the feed from the surveillance system."

Mary hit a button and the screen changed to an image of the family room. Sitting on a leather couch with her laptop next to her was the babysitter Sara. Her legs were spread wide and her denim skirt was pushed up to her waist while her small hand rubbed slowly between her legs.

"I think the answer is waiting for us at home. How would you like to fuck that tender, sweet thing?" she asked although they both knew the answer.

He started the ignition and pulled from the space driving at the legal limit. As he piloted the vehicle toward home his is wife reached out and rubbed his large and growing bulge.

"When I first checked on her she was just reading. Now she's playing with her little pussy. And we'll be there in a little while to play with her," Mrs. Crudele said. 

As she watched Sara she began to rub between her own legs as well. In a few minutes they reached their property and Mr. Crudele hit the remote so the gates swung open. He drove in and they parked in front. He turned and looked at the monitor and saw that Sara now had her panties to the side and her fingers were rubbing against her bare pussy.

"Let's go," he told his wife, "and be quiet. We don't wish to startle her."

He unlocked the front door and it swung open silently on well-oiled hinges. Mrs. Crudele slipped her heels off and placed them on the foyer floor. They padded across the plush carpet heading toward the family room. He first opened the door a crack so they could see inside. Sara was sprawled back with her eyes closed and her chest rising and falling from her labored breathing and her hand was a blur between her legs.

Mr. Crudele was rubbing his bulge up against his wife's round, firm ass as his hand was mashing one of her surgically enhanced breasts. Her hand managed to reach back and lower his fly, then work its way onto his shaft while her other hand continued to stimulate herself. They could hear Sara moaning softly as she neared her climax. Taking his wife's hand he led her into the room while putting a finger to his lips signaling for her to remain quiet.

They approached Sara from the side. Mrs. Crudele stopped a few feet from the couch while he crouched low and came almost up to Sara. He was so close that he could see her little, erect button and the moisture on her pink pussy lips. As her hand moved she also was rocking her hips slightly in conjunction when with a final gasp Sara's body stiffened and she bit her bottom lip as she came. Mr. Crudele reached out and seized her wrist in his iron grip and her eyes flew open in shock.

Once the Crudeles had left Sara had spent the first forty five minutes doing some work on her college admission. Then her cellphone went off and it was her boyfriend Brandon. They talked for a little while though he was argumentative over the fact she wouldn't be able to see him that night. 

"Brandon what can I do? I have to earn as much money as I can for college. My Mom can't afford to pay for it for me." 

"Sara you said that just because my parents are paying for mine."

"It just is Brandon. That's all, nothing meant by it."

"What good is it you being my girlfriend if I can't get laid when I want?"

Sara was about to really let him have it when she heard the baby crying over the monitor.

"The baby is crying. I have to go Brandon," she said abruptly ending the call.

Sara got a bottle from the kitchen and went into the nursery. She lifted the baby, who in her opinion wasn't cute at all, and cradled him in her arms. The baby's hands grasped at Sara's breast and he tried to attach his little mouth until Sara managed to work the bottle in to him. After feeding him she burped him but noticed that he was wet. It was the worst part of the job but in a little while he was powdered and changed and soon was fast asleep.

Sara cleaned herself up and returned to the family room. The conversation with Brandon had upset her so much she could no longer concentrate on her work. Realizing she needed to relax she decided to surf the net. She window shopped a couple of her favorite clothing sites but wasn't wowed by anything. Soon she found herself typing in the address of her favorite story site. Reading a sexy story while she rubbed herself always made her feel good. Better in fact than Brandon ever made her feel.

She was reading about a young woman who was about to have sex for the first time and it really excited Sara. There couldn't be any harm in rubbing her little pussy she thought to herself. She could still see the baby on the monitor and he was sleeping peacefully. Sara hiked her skirt up and started to gently run her fingers against her panty covered pussy. She was fully aroused by the time she finished the story so Sara searched for another one she liked. There was one about a female college student and her male tutor that seemed promising so she began reading that.

It was very erotic and soon Sara slid her panties to the side so that her fingers could touch her pussy with no barrier. The more excited Sara became the faster her hand moved and the wetter she got. Finally as she neared her climax Sara closed her eyes so that she could picture herself in the story. Her hand would brush against her hard, little clit and down her lips until reaching the bottom before repeating again.

She felt the tightness in her tummy start to spread and she bit her lip from the pleasure her body was feeling. She felt her girl juices seeping from her when out of nowhere she felt something powerful grab hold of her wrist. Sara's eyes opened and she saw Mr. Crudele holding her wrist with a face seemingly contorted by rage while Mrs.Crudele hovered in the background.

A number of thoughts churned in Sara's confused and terrified mind. Why had the Crudeles suddenly appeared when they weren't due back for some time? What were they going to do to her after they'd caught her masturbating? How could she ever get another babysitting job if this got out? Sara had no more time to think as Mr. Crudele yanked her to her feet while rising up himself. He loomed over the young woman menacingly.

"You little bitch! What the fuck do you think you're doing? Playing with your cunt when you should be watching my baby. I should have you arrested you dirty whore," he raged in his powerful voice. "Go check on Junior,'" he directed to his wife who hurried from the room.

Sara was apprehensive over her safety at that moment. He seemed so angry and was so much bigger and stronger than she was. Due to this she didn't notice that his zipper was down or that his massive cock was erect in his trousers.

"Mr. Crudele, the baby is good. I fed and changed him and I was watching him on the monitor. You have to believe me," Sara explained.

"Watching him, you were frigging your cunt, you slut," he replied.

"The baby is fine," Mrs. Crudele said returning to the room, "I just checked."

Mr. Crudele seemed to calm down a little but he still held Sara in his powerful grip. She was afraid to say anything in case that set him off again.

"Ok, but this tramp has to be taught a lesson. I don't know what the police can charge her with but I'll think of something. And I'll make sure it makes the news with her photos. I have influential friends."

"No please don't do that. I beg of you," Sara pleaded. When he didn't respond she looked at Mrs. Crudele with a hopeful expression. "Please."

"How dare you try to appeal to my wife. I should call your parents right now. I know you're eighteen but maybe they would like to know what their little slut daughter does when she should be watching the baby. Huh missy; how about that?"

Her face white with fright Sara started shaking her head no.

"Don't call my mother, please Mr. Crudele."

"What's the matter, you don't have a father?" he said with a sneer.

"My parents are divorced and my father lives south in LA," Sara answered softly.

"Well there's the problem. If you had a man around to keep you in line you wouldn't be such a deviant. I almost feel bad for you, so I'll tell you what. No phone calls to your mother, the police or the news. Instead you'll be punished properly. Come here Mary."

Mrs. Crudele stepped forward.

"Mary, take the slut to the end table and hold her," he commanded.

Mrs. Crudele took Sara by both wrists and led the unresisting teen to the table next to the couch. Though obviously weaker than her husband, it felt to Sara that Mrs. Crudele had muscles like steel springs. Whereas he hadn't hurt her with his great strength, his wife's fingers were cruelly digging into the flesh of Sara causing pain. Sara looked into her eyes and saw no pity, only barely repressed lust and excitement. Mrs. Crudele yanked Sara hard so that she was forced to bend over the table before her wrists were pinned down helplessly.

Even worse was when Sara felt Mr. Crudele's hand lift her short skirt up over her waist, then his thick fingers work under the edge of her panties and tear them off her. She managed to turn her head and saw him removing his expensive looking leather belt from his trousers.

"What are you going to do?" Sara asked, the fear apparent in her voice.

"I'm just going to give you the spanking that you deserve. One like your father should have given you the first time you acted like a slut. Now hold still and it will soon be over," he said in a calm voice.

He moved his body next to hers, blocking the view of what he was about to do. All Sara could see was his massive bear like torso but she didn't notice that he'd removed his thick cock from his pants and it was fully erect and dripping pre-cum. Though not happy about it Sara had resigned herself to accepting the Crudele's punishment rather than having them expose her sins and try to have her blacklisted as a babysitter.

Seconds later Sara felt the first blow as his alligator skin belt connected with her firm young buttock and cried out as it stung her tender flesh. Again and again Mr. Crudele delivered Sara's chastisement in the form of one and a half inches searing her soft skin and leaving red welts wherever it kissed. In truth Mr. Crudele was being very careful. He knew if he used anything close to his full strength it would be far too much so he was just flicking his wrist to deliver each blow. He also slowed down the pace and between blows he would move his hand from his cock and rub the raw, tender skin of Sara.

After the initial pain and shock wore off Sara was horrified to find that she was thinking about and comparing herself to one of the heroines of a favorite erotic story of hers. In it a headstrong young woman was whipped by her domineering guardian. The worst thing was that her little pussy was dripping again and she felt the fluid going down her leg in a tiny rivulet.

Mr. Crudele also noticed Sara's arousal and a large grin spread over his face. He ran his hand up the length of his erection, stroking himself. He hadn't delivered a blow for a minute and Sara wondered if her punishment was complete when she felt one of his large fingers rub along the slit of her juicy peach. It ran the length of her lips and then forced its tip into her opening. Sara almost jumped out of her sneakers when his finger started to penetrate her.

"W-w-what are you doing Mr. Crudele?" Sara gasped.

"I think you can feel what I'm doing Sara," he said as his thick digit burrowed deeper into her tight channel. This caused Sara to moan while she also unconsciously spread her legs wider giving him greater access to her honey pot.

Mrs. Crudele craned her neck to better see what her husband was doing to the young babysitter. She felt very horny herself and wanted to join in. Mrs. Crudele brought Sara's wrists together and now held them down with one hand. That freed her other hand to work its way down the back of the babysitter's shirt and unfasten Sara's bra. Mrs. Crudele was now able to reach under and cup the younger woman's breast.

"How is she John?" his wife asked.

"Her cunt is positively soaked my dear. Here taste for yourself," he answered. 

Mr. Crudele removed his finger and presented it to his wife. She opened her lips and sucked on the digit. 

"Hmmm, you're right and so tasty. Teenage cunt is always so fresh," she said with a throaty laugh.

"Mary while you're in an oral mood I have something that needs attention desperately," he said while reinserting his finger back into Sara and twisting it in a circular motion. "I'm sure you can release Sara, I don't think she wishes to go anywhere."

Mrs. Crudele tilted Sara's face up so their eyes met. "Behave," was all she said before releasing her wrists.

Sara rubbed her wrists as Mrs. Crudele moved into position. She unbuttoned his trousers and eased them and his boxers down his legs to the floor. He stepped out of his clothing and his wife neatly folded his pants and put them on the couch.

Mrs. Crudele then crouched in front of her husband and took his beefy cock in her hand. Her tongue flicked out and licked up the clear, sticky liquid oozing from his hole before she opened her mouth wide and took his head into her mouth. Her tongue ran along the underside of his cock bringing forth an appreciative grunt from him. She started taking him deeper into her hot mouth, until his head collided with the back of her mouth.

"That's it my dear, suck my cock. Get it all nice and wet for me," Mr. Crudele said.

His thick finger was working her hole good and fast, jamming it in and out while also spinning it round. He placed his other hand on the small of Sara's back to keep her in place as he fingered her. Sara was confused about what she was feeling. She'd been caught masturbating, then held down and spanked, and now she was being violated by Mr. Crudele's finger. She should be outraged but instead she was turned on like never before in her short life.

A moan was forced from her lips when he pushed another thick finger into her wet opening to join the first. He began sliding them all the way in before pulling them back. Her wet lips clung to his fingers as they moved. Sara realized that his two fingers together were as thick as her boyfriend's penis and only a little shorter. She started moaning uncontrollably then as he pushed her closer to climax. When Mrs. Crudele reached her hand up and pinched Sara's nipple it was too much for the teen girl.
