 Keith came to the red front door leading to Sara's home excited but very nervous. Wiping his hands down the side of his blue jeans as he thought over again and again what the possibilities could be tonight. He knew that whatever it may be this was definitely going to be one of the best nights of his sexual life. When Sara had called him today at home he had been confused by her meaning till she made it plainer to him. He remembered his heart going through his gut as realization had come in. It was definitely most men fantasy to have two beautiful women in a threesome. He just hoped he was able to please them both. Although he would never tell anyone he even doubted himself with that. Slowly lifting his hand up to press the doorbell, he came to the conclusion that if nothing else he would damn near try even if it killed him. With a chuckle at that thought he pressed the button and waited.

Waiting a moment then eventually hearing someone walking toward him on the other side of the door, Keith took a deep breath. He wanted to remain calm and collected to make sure these women were at ease with what was to happen tonight.

"Hello?" a voice said on the other side of the door.

Clearing his throat softly Keith responded.

"Hi Sara?" he said

"Yes," the voice continued from inside the house with caution.

"Sara, it's me Keith," he replied.

"Oh okay Good" Sara said with relief as Keith heard her fumbling with the locks of the door.

Slowly the door opened to reveal Sara smiling and dressed very sexy. She had on a short shirt showing her midriff and snug blue jean shorts. Although most men would have liked the showing up naked or lingerie... for Keith her being natural and comfortable was even sexier. Also the fact that she was barefoot showing Pink nail polish on her toes made her seem so feminine. He could also tell as his eyes wondered back up her body to rest on her breast, that she wasn't wearing a bra. Keith almost groaned out loud as he felt a stirring in his jeans from looking and imagining what he would do with those soft, firm, and "puppies" later. He smiled at that thought also.

"What are you smiling about Honey?" Sara said with a smile full of mischief

"Like you can't guess," Keith said laughing out loud as he moved closer looking her in the eye.

Sara feeling wanting to tease moved to block his way inside the house.

"You know I wonder..." she said giving him a fake look of concentration

"Yes?" Keith replied stopping short and raising an eyebrow at her.

"Well... I was wondering if maybe you have any doubts about entering in here tonight," she said teasingly.

Keith looked at Sara for a moment then moved his head around to look over the yard. As if seeing if anyone was listening. Sara watched for a moment perplexed until he stopped looking around and looked straight at her. Walking slowly toward her till his body was not even an inch away he leaned down toward her ear.

Sara started to breathe hard with him so close to her body. She could feel her nipples harden under her shirt as she felt his warm breath breathing in her ear.

"Do I have doubt that I will fuck you hard and make you cum baby?" he asked as he whispered in her ear. Sara started to close her eyes as she felt her body go weak.

"No I don't doubt that at all," he continued. "The only thing I doubt about is am I going to make you cum eight or nine times tonight... I haven't decided yet." He finished as he leaned down to kiss the side of her neck softly.

Sara shivered as Goosebumps appeared on her skin at his answer.

"Now let me in this house and stop teasing me so I can prove it," he demanded softly between soft kisses on her neck.

Sara obeyed by moving a step back as he followed to let her lover in the house. She knew he had total control now and it excited her more. Giving one soft lingering kiss on the base of her neck Keith looked up again in Sara's eyes, reached up and slowly pushed the door over her head open. Never breaking eye contact with Sara. Letting her know that she was no longer in control of the situation. Sara complied by stepping back and lowering her eyes to let him in her house. She could feel the moisture in between her legs as Keith moved by her to go into the house, slightly brushing her breast with his arm as he passed.

He looked around the familiar house as Sara turned and shut the door softly. Making sure it was locked back and taking a deep breath she looked back to Keith and moved to the doorway of her living room. Keith watched her intently as if she was prey to his game. Sara had never seen anyone so calm and intent before. She definitely felt female in Keith's presence. He just looked her in the eyes waiting for her next move as if he expected her to take flight. Sara knew even if she made a move to do so he would stop her and drive her crazy with sexual lust before she made a step. Feeling unsure of her now she looked down at the floor for a moment.

"Would you like to sit on the couch and wait till Michelle gets down here?" she asked a little nervous.

"No," he stated "I will just wait here in the hall with you."

Confused but acceptant Sara looked around the hall for a second then looked up at Keith's eyes as she tried to figure out in her mind what he was thinking.

"Are you sure you wouldn't want to get comfortable on the couch? " she asked trying to please him

Keith looked at her and moved slowly toward her again, making Sara move back toward the wall without realizing it. Feeling her back hit against the cold surface behind her made Sara jump slightly. Keith kept moving in on her never taking his eyes from her. She saw determination and lust build up in them as he finally made it to her. Her breast slightly touched his chest as he stopped and raised his arms over each side of her head. She couldn't move, or even hardly breathe.

"Sara, I want you to do something for me," he said as he moved his hips closer toward hers.

"Yes?" Sara croaked out softly as her body responded to Keith's.

Smiling softly and looking deep in her eyes as if he was searching her soul he answered.

"I want you personally to make me comfortable."

Sara almost melted as she felt his hips move gently against hers making her pussy wet.

"Kiss me Sara, make me comfortable" he demanded gently as he lowered his head down, before stopping just a breath away from her soft mouth.

Sara looked at him with lust also filling up her eyes as she felt his dick harden next to her pussy. Her hesitation only made him move his hips closer to hers, sending jolts of heat up her body and making her breast swell.

"Kiss me baby... you know you want to" Keith said with persuasion.

"Oh God Keith" Sara answered her eyes slightly closing

"Open your eyes and kiss me" he demanded again as he totally pushed her up against the wall with the rest of his body.

Sara opened her eyes and slowly leaned in toward his mouth. Her lips touch his with hesitation and wonderment. Keith let her take control as she moved her mouth over his softly. She couldn't stop the moan as she felt how soft his lips were. She wanted to suck on them and make them red with her kisses. Sliding her tongue out and lightly taking the tip to trace his lips, Sara licked all over the surface of them. Keith parted them to allow her to move her tongue a little inside. Taking the tip Sara traced the inner side of each lip feeling moisture and warmth of his mouth. Her heartbeat started to race as she moved her tongue in more. She was nervous as she slid her hands up to wrap her fingers in his hair. Keith moved his hands from above her head to put them on the sides of her face. Ever so slowly she moved her tongue deeper into Keith's mouth and played with the tip of his tongue. Teasing and making soft movements as Keith held her head snug. Opening her mouth wider to bring her tongue out more Sara groaned.

"Damn he tastes so good," she thought to herself.

Keith slowly grounded his hips to hers as he started to take over the kiss. She knew he was about to break and kiss her passionately. She could feel his cool start to break.

Keith moved his tongue out of his mouth more and entered her mouth. Slowly sucking and lapping up all her sweet juices in her mouth. Sara knees started to shake. She felt her pussy start to pulsate as he moved his tongue all around her mouth. She could actually feel the lips of her pussy start to swell, as her breast became sensitive with the movements from his chest rubbing on hers. Every nerve ending in her body was alive with pleasure. Keith took over the kiss totally as he kissed her with pressure. His control starts to disappear, as he grounded his mouth to hers. A growl escaped from his throat as he felt her compliance. He wanted to fuck her right there. He knew she had the ability to make him loose control totally and he loved it. Gripping her head he moved his mouth all over hers consumes her every breath. Sara was in his total control.

Moaning deep in her throat made Keith want more and more, breaking the kiss suddenly Keith raised his mouth to move it down to her neck. Holding her head as he moved his mouth all around her throat and the base of her neck. Sucking and nibbling all the places he knew would make her ass tingle. He was enjoying himself very much. His hard on was proof of that.

"Oh God Keith ... yes" she whispered desperately wanting more.

Keith continued the assault on her neck and rubbing his cock on her pussy showing her what she would have soon. He knew he could make her beg for him if he teased her enough. She had made him do the same thing in the past, begging for her. Keith pushed her totally up against the wall as his hands moved from her head to move down to hold her breast one in each hand. Sara moaned as the swelled to fill up the palm of his hand. Lightly he moved his thumbs over the erect nipples feeling her slightly jump from the sensation.

"MM.... yes baby touch me," She said between moans.

Keith stopped and looked into her glazed eyes his looking just the same.

"I will... All over and believe me when this night is over. My fingerprints will be all over you," he said with determination.

Sara's body melted, as she knew he was as good as his word.

"But first... I want you to take off all these cloths" he continued.

"Now?" she asked trying to understand him correctly

"Yes now, right here" he said smiling " I don't want no barriers"

Slowly Sara detangled her fingers from his hair and let her hands fall down on the side. Keith dropped his hands and moved back to enjoy the show. Slowly she raised her hands back up, grabbed the hem of her shirt and lifted it over her breasts. Keith watched with admiration as her breast came into view. He automatically wanted to wrap his tongue around those nipples and make a little Cocoon for it to nestle in. Having control at the moment and not pouncing on her was the toughest thing he was dealing with at the moment.

Flipping the shirt over her head and letting it drop to the floor as her eyes connected with his made his dick swell more. Smiling she looked down to her shorts and slowly unsnapped and unzipped them. Hooking her hands on the side she slid them over the smooth curve of her hip and let it fall to the floor. Slightly lifting her legs to move her feet from them. Keith stood in amazement as he noticed she had no panties on. Her pussy looking perfect as it waited for him. He could already see some wetness, showing him she was soaking between the lips.

"Holy shit " he thought to himself " Is she trying to drive him insane? "

Keith growled and moved toward her.

"No Please Keith... take your cloths off too." She asked urgently.

Keith stopped and realized he was indeed fully clothed. Quickly he unbuttoned his shirt, whipped it off and went for his jeans. Sara stood and watched him this time. Enjoying everything about his body. His chest was covered with light hair and broad. His waist slim and fit. He had the perfect washboard stomach from working with his fathers Construction company on the weekend. As He unsnapped his jeans Sara licked her lips to await the prize. She loved how good he made her feel when they were together in sex. He was definitely one of the best looking men she ever knew in her life. With his brown eyes, long lashes and curled to give off a mysterious look. Blue eyes so bright they made you stop to take a second glance before you lost yourself in them. He faces almost perfect in shape as she had seen women stare when he was around. But the thing that really got her the most was the self-assurance surrounding him wherever he went. He could walk in a room and everyone would notice. It made her wet just thinking about how masculine he was. She had known the first time she had met him she wanted to be with him in his bed. Bending down quickly with his jeans unsnapped he took off his shoes and socks. Where they went Sara doesn't know she just watched him. Finally that done he reached back up to his jeans, watching her watch him.

Keith continued to take his jeans off as he slid them down over his hips showing he wasn't wearing any underwear. Sara sucked in her breath as she saw his cock spring forward to let her know he was ready for her. She moaned out loud as it moved around teasing her as he slid his pants down his legs and then whipped them off also to sling them away. Still looking at her he stood in all his glory letting her access his body with her eyes. She became very hungry for him and it showed in how she devoured his body with each second of her gaze. Keith was totally turned on by this, which made his cock jump.

Slowly Keith smiled and moved toward Sara swiftly. He wanted to eat her up. Grabbing her arms gently he raised them up over her head, holding them against the wall as his mouth went back to her neck. Sara stood still as he moved his mouth softly over her skin. He nibbled slowly on the base of her neck as he moved one hand from holding hers. Taking his other to hold both above her head. Slowly he moved his free hand down her neck to her collarbone and over the top of her breast. Sara groaned loving the tingling feeling spreading through her body. Reaching down further he cupped one breast softly, flipping his thumb over the hard nipple. Sara groaned loud not caring who heard her. Keith raised his head and moved his mouth to her ear.

"How bad do you want this cock in you Baby?" he whispered.

Sara shivered as she felt warmth from his mouth go in her ear. Keith being impatient from her lack of answer moved his cock closer, rubbing it on her belly.

"Tell Me." he continued " How bad you want me to slam my cock in you?"

"Oh my God ...so bad Keith" Sara whimpered.

Keith quickly moved back from Sara and turned her body to face the wall. Sara's face was positioned sideways as her cheek rubbed the wall. With her hands still above her head as Keith held them with one of his she didn't have many choices as to what she could do. She loved every minute of it. Again Keith moved he free hand over her body feeling and lightly caressing her breast, moving down her stomach. Finally making it to the top of where her lips were. Sara felt tingles as she craved for him to mess with her clit. Moving his finger slowly up and down the surface of her lips. Sara thought she would go crazy with wanting. She wiggled her hips to invite him in her pussy. Keith moved his hand away quickly and leaned his head down again.

"No... " He demanded softly " I will decide when I want to play with that clit, you don't move" He whispered in her ear roughly making her juices flow even more from her pussy. She loved when Keith took control over her body making it his totally.

"Now." he continued " are you going to be a good girl for me baby?" he asked teasingly, knowing she would do anything he wanted.

"Yes, Yes, Yes" she cried out softly

"Good " Keith stated.

Moving his hand back down to tease her lips again, Sara groaned letting him take over her body. Softly he traced the outline of her lips from the top to the bottom teasing the crack between with some pressure. Sara desperately wanted him to slid his finger inside so bad she tasted it.

"Oh my, what do we have here? " Michelle said as she walked down the stairs to pause a few steps from the bottom.

Sara jumped slightly totally forgetting Michelle was in the house. Keith stopped and looked around. Immediately noticing how beautiful Michelle was. His mind went into overtime of all the sexual thoughts rushed in.

"Well Hello there" he said casually still holding on to Sara so she couldn't move.

Michelle smiled at him and took the rest of the steps down to get off the stairs.

"Hi " she answered a little shyly looking over Keith in his nakedness feeling herself getting excited by thoughts running in her head also.

"Oh Boy " she thought to herself with a smile appearing on her lips. She knew she was going to have fun.

Keith looked over Michelle's body in a small sundress with spaghetti straps. She was barefooted and looking very sexy also. Keith groaned in his mind thanking God for this once in a lifetime chance.

Michelle feeling a little nervous but determined to join in moved a few more steps closer. Sara could see her out of the corner of her eye wondering what she was thinking. Finally deciding not to worry about it and hope Michelle joins in soon. Her pussy was aching to have Keith play with it.

"So how can I help...Keith" Michelle asked pausing briefly on his name to make sure it was right.

Keith smiled , Looked over her, Keith felt she was overdressed for one thing.

"Well, Hon, you can start by taking that lovely dress off for me." He said. Wanting desperately to see this woman naked. Slowly starting to move his hand again on Sara's pussy, he watched Michelle as she reached for the dress, pulling it up, and sliding it over her head. Again Keith was surprised to find she was also naked under her cloths.

"Things just seem to get better and better, " he thought to himself. He slowly smiled again looking over Michelle's naked body as his hand worked on Sara's Pussy.

"My god she is beautiful " he thought to himself again.

Michelle dropped the dress and walked closer toward Him and Sara. Keith watched as his finger slid between Sara's lips to tickle the tip of her clit. Sara groaned closing her eyes.

Michelle walked to where she was a foot away from Keith, looking him in the eye as he caressed Sara's clit.

"How can I help? " she asked suggestively.

"How do you want to help? " Keith answered with a question of his own.

Michelle looked at her friend Sara seeing her lost in sexual pleasure as Keith's fingers played with her pussy. Suddenly wanting to be all over her friend's pussy herself. Michelle looked back at Keith.

"I know what I can do" she stated as she moved closer to Sara against the wall. Keith turning his head to watch saw her reach for her friend's body. Her hands sliding over the skin of her stomach. Sara feeling four hands on her about fainted from the sensation. Slowly Michelle moved one hand down to join in with Keith's finger. Their hands brushing each other as they both explored Sara's pussy. Her other hand going toward Keith's cock and wrapping it around his stiff shaft. She slowly started to stroke it up and down as Keith groaned, loving the feel of Michelle's soft warm hand tightening over his cock. Michelle leaned into Sara's shoulder to kiss softly on her shoulder and upper chest exposed to her. Sara groaned out loud. Keith worked harder on Sara's clit, as Michelle pumped his cock gently. Michelle slid her fingers first on the outside of the vagina teasing her friend then slowly slid them up in her. Both Sara and Michelle groaned at the same time. It was so soft and warm. The warmth of it was tremendous. Feeling the walls of Sara's pussy. Michelle sought further up till her knuckle was at the base of the friend's vagina. Slowly circling around till she found that soft little hump inside and started to press on it. Sara went wild, moving around as Keith flicked his finger over her clit and her friend pressing off and on quickly on her G-spot. Moaning loudly Sara wiggled her ass to grind her hips closer to the fingers. Keith gripped Sara tightly around the waist so she wouldn't squirm away. Michelle also continued to move her hand up and down on Keith's cock, making sure she brought her thumb up to rub softly but firmly over the tip to make Keith moan each time. The nerve endings at the tip if his cock going into over time. Keith looked up in Michelle's eyes seeing lust form in them as she saw how much she was bringing pleasure to her friends. She liked the power she had with these two people.
