 Sara was on the plane with her sister Patsy. Patsy had rented a small condo on South Padre Island and they were finally on the way. She was so excited. They had heard all the stories about how wild Padre was and how it was famous for Spring Break parties. On the plane with them were several other girls they knew as well as her "boyfriend" Phil and his roommate Jack. Sara was VERY familiar with Jack as well, but she was determined not to have sex on this trip. 

She had screwed both of them twice, once in a threesome and knew that if she continued her errant ways she would soon become known as a slut. While she was very turned on by sex, she simply had to learn to control herself better. She liked Phil and they had dated a couple of times and been at parties together, but they had not fucked since the threesome.

She was a good girl.

They were in the condo checking out their rooms – it was beautiful, one bedroom, which Patsy claimed immediately, and a fold out couch for Sara. The best part, it was right on South Padre beach on the third floor with a great view. They unpacked quickly, donned their briefest bikinis and headed for the sand. The weather was hot and clear. 

Patsy led the way and picked out a neat spot close to the breaking surf. It was crowded with college kids. Some of the cute guys were tossing footballs and Frisbees and the girls were showing their stuff and trying their hardest to be noticed. Sara spread out her towel and headed for the water, Patsy close behind. They waded in and the warm water felt great.

After cooling off, they walked back to their towels and felt the many eyes watching them. Patsy was a gorgeous brunette, slightly taller than Sara. Her bathing suit left little to the imagination. Unlike Sara, Patsy had no reservations about her plans for this vacation. She was already horny and just waiting for the right guy to notice her.

It didn't take long. As they lay in the sun, a shadow caused them to look up to see two great looking guys standing next to them. They looked up at them and one of them spoke. "Hi," he said, "Would you like some company?"

Before Sara could say anything, Patsy replied, "Sure, why not?"

"I'm Bob, and this is Pete. We're from Chicago. Did you just get in?" 

"I'm Patsy and she is my sister Sara. Yes, we just arrived. Have you been here long?

"Just a day, but this place is amazing," Bob replied. "It just got a lot better when you two got here though," Pete added. He was looking directly at Sara as he spoke. She blushed a little but smiled at him. Sara is a beautiful blonde, petite but with a wonderful figure which her bikini did little to hide. Pete was captivated and she couldn't help but be flattered. But she was a good girl. As they got acquainted, Bob told them that they were seniors at Chicago U and this was their second trip to Padre. They asked about things to do while they were there and the guys told them about the beach parties in the evenings and how things sometimes get a little wild. They said the cops didn't hassle the kids there, but let them have fun. They basically kept the locals away from the beach during Spring Break and anything goes.

But she was a good girl. 

As they got acquainted, Bob told them that they were seniors at Chicago U and this was their second trip to Padre. They asked about things to do while they were there and the guys told them about the beach parties in the evenings and how things sometimes get a little wild. They said the cops didn't hassle the kids there, but let them have fun. They basically kept the locals away from the beach during Spring Break and anything goes.

They laughed together and swam and talked. Sara was having a good time and Patsy was coming on to Bob she could tell. She knew her sister would be partying with him tonight. Sara liked Pete too, but she was trying not to be too forward.

"Are you two girls going to the sunset rally tonight?" Pete asked.

"What's that?" Sara asked. Pete and Bob both explained that at sunset, there would be a crowd gathered just in front of the large condo hotel to their left. "There will be music and lots of beer."

"Sounds great, will you take us with you?" Patsy gushed. The guys grinned and said, "absolutely!"

The crowd was huge. They had a stage of sorts set up on the beach, with microphones and speakers. Several beer kegs were in ice tubs with paper cups strewn around. Music blared loudly and people yelled to be heard over the music. Several couples were trying to dance, which was very difficult in the soft sand, but nobody cared. Boys mingled around single females trying to get hooked up. Some did.

Bob and Patsy and Pete and Sara grabbed some beers and found a spot close to the stage. The boys grabbed onto them and tried to dance, but soon gave up. They did not let go however, both guys kept their arms around both girls' waists. As the sun set and it got darker, the beer flowed briefly. Sara found herself hugging onto Pete and they all laughed together listening to the music and watching other couples.

An emcee of sorts grabbed the mike and was holding a bucket of water. "Ok, girls, here we go!

A team of both guys and gals swarmed into the crowd handing thin white t-shirts to every girl there. Printed on the back of the shirts were the words "I was a winner!" Patsy and Sara instantly guessed what was happening – A wet T-shirt contest. Patsy grabbed the shirt, got one for Sara and started following others to the stage. Sara was confused and nervous, but she reluctantly followed. Bob and Pete cheered them as they climbed the stairs.

The emcee lined all the girls up in a row. There must have been at least thirty or more of them. With few exceptions, they were all beautiful and all either drunk or feeling good. Sara stood next to Patsy not quite knowing whether she wanted to be there or not.

At a signal, all the girls turned their backs on the crowd, slipped out of their tops and put on the t-shirts. The crowd went nuts. Sara reluctantly followed suit and when the rest turned back around, she turned and faced forward also. She was looking directly at Pete when she did. Again, she blushed when he smiled at her and gave her a thumbs-up sign. She also saw Phil and Jack in the back. They waved to her, but she ignored them.

One by one, the girls went up to center stage. As they raised their arms over their heads, their nipples showed plainly through the thin shirts. Each girl made a pirouette as the emcee doused them with the water in the buckets. They might just as well have been naked then. Tits bounced and the crowd cheered. The music played and beer was thrown about.

When it was patsy's turn, she did her little turn and was thoroughly drenched. Instead of returning to the line, she reached down and grabbed the hem of the shirt and raised it over her head. She did a little dance, her breasts exposed for all to see. She was not embarrassed as she went back to her place. Another girl followed her and not to be outdone, did the same thing. Then it was Sara's turn.

Sara knew that she was just as beautiful as any of the others. Her breasts were not overly large, but they were very well shaped, pert with little nipples and sat high on her chest. She would not be intimidated at all.

She reached center stage, smiled at Pete and Bob and the crowd, then she faced the emcee who poured a full bucket of water over her – it felt cold! She peeled the t-shirt completely off, did two circles and faced the crowd with her head high and her hands covering her breasts. Then she removed her hands and waved the t-shirt at them. The crowd roared their approval.

She returned to the line and put the shirt back on, her face red. Patsy reached over and gave her a high-five.

The emcee had all the girls walk around the stage in front of the crowd one by one. At his signal, they cheered each one in turn. Finally, he announced the winner as indicated by the loudness of the cheers – Sara!

As they returned to the crowd, many of the girls were carrying their tops and wearing just the wet shirts. Sara and Patsy stopped and put their tops back on with the shirt over top. They rejoined Bob and Pete.

"Wow" they both commented. "You two were amazing!"

"The beer made me do it" Sara whispered to Pete and he put his arm around her again and said, "Want some more beer?" She just laughed.

The crowd dispersed heading back onto the beach, couples paired off and disappeared into the darkness. Sara saw Phil and Jack with two other girls. They walked together talking and snuggling a little. Bob and Pete wanted to head off with Patsy and Sara as well, but Sara said she thought she and Patsy should get back to the condo and get organized. The guys were a little disappointed, but they walked them back to their room. Patsy told Bob to give them a little time and maybe they would see them later. 

Once in their room, Patsy hugged Sara and told her how she was proud of her little sister. "You definitely were the star of the show." They unpacked and put their things away. They were discussing what to do with the rest of the evening when there was a knock on the door. No surprise – it was Bob and Pete. They had a couple bottles of red wine and four glasses in their hands. "Care for a little bubbly?" Bob said They opened the wine and sat together, Bob and Patsy on one couch and Sara and Pete on the other. The girls were still wearing their bikinis. Patsy leaned over and kissed Bob long and hard. He held her close running his hands over her skin and they smooched quietly. Pete reached over and turned Sara toward him. She gave in and gave him a kiss as well. Soon, both couples were making out. While Pete behaved himself, Bob was all over Patsy. Sara watched him fondling her breasts as they kissed.

After some more wine and small talk, Patsy stood up and taking Bob's hand pulled him up and led him into the bedroom, closing the door. Sara just watched them leave and wondered what she should do now.

As they cuddled together, Pete dropped his hand to Sara's breast and cupped it gently. When she didn't protest, he reached around her back and fumbled with the clip of her bikini top. As it loosened, Sara sighed and kissed him again. He caressed her breasts and lowered one hand to her bare midriff. Sara moaned in response but when he slid his hand under her suit bottom, she grabbed it and moved it back to her stomach. He continued to knead her breast and whispered to her "you are the most beautiful girl I have ever been with." Her head was spinning, but she broke the embrace and reached for her wine. He took his as well and they just cuddled together for a moment.

There were sounds coming from the bedroom. They could hear the bed moving, springs squeaking and they heard Patsy's muffled cry. It was hard to ignore.

"Pete, we have to stop." Sara said softly. "I can't do this tonight." Her resolve was weakening as she listened to Patsy getting fucked, but she was determined not to give in. Pete looked like he was going to cry.

"Sara, I know you are a good girl and I feel like a bum, but I can't help myself." He took her hand and pressed it to his cock. "Feel how much I want you." She could feel how hard he was and how he was hurting. She was a very sexy girl and certainly was not a virgin, God knows! Maybe he would give her a break if she could just help him out a little.

"I can't have sex with you, Pete, not tonight, but I can't leave you in this condition." She untied his bathing suit and slipped her hand inside grasping his erection. Pete exhaled sharply and arched his back. Sara slid his suit down and pumped his hard cock with her hand. She kissed him and then looked down at what she was doing.

Pete was well endowed. His cock was as hard as any she ever felt. There was a drop of pre-cum on the head. She could hardly stop now and didn't want to. Her mouth was watering in anticipation. She had planned on a hand job but the prick looked so big and exciting she slid to her knees and knelt between his wide-spread legs. She leaned close to him and touched her tongue to the top of his lovely cock licking off the drop. He moaned loudly and put his hands on her head, guiding her. She licked up and down as he writhed looking up into his eyes.

"Suck me, Sara." He commanded. She did not resist, lowering her mouth over his erection. She loved to suck cock anyway. As she began to suck him in earnest, jerking him off as she did, she could hear the sounds from the bedroom getting louder and more urgent. They would be done soon. She had to hurry.

She took him deep and pumped him with both hands. It didn't take long before Pete arched his head back, "You'd better stop, I'm going to come!" "That's good, isn't it?" she mumbled around his cock. "You can come in my mouth, Pete. Come on baby. Give it to me." He jerked twice then cried out, the come shot out of his penis into her mouth again and again. She had to catch a breath, and some of it dribbled down her chin. She was licking and swallowing as fast as she could. She loved it, and was beginning to wonder if this Good Girl crap was really worth it. 

As he subsided, he combed his hands through her lovely shoulder length blonde hair and raised her head up to see the messy face. "God, you're fantastic. Thank you Sara." He wiped her chin off and pulled her up to him and to her shock, kissed her and held her close. She was grateful he didn't mind his come on her lips. 

They both dressed and remained huddled on the couch until Bob came out of the bedroom. He looked exhausted but well fucked. Pete got up and followed Bob to the door. They said goodbye to Sara and said they would see them tomorrow and left. Mission accomplished.

Sara finished off the wine, made her bed and peeked in on Patsy. She was asleep on the bed on top of the covers, totally nude. She had a little smile on her face and Sara knew that Bob wasn't the only one well and truly fucked!

Tomorrow was another day. Sara was proud that she had remained a good girl. She fell asleep with her hand buried between her legs. She just had to come before she could sleep.