 Well it had been a few weeks since I last saw my boys, Brian and Josh. I've known them for a few years now and we are all very good friends, as well as fuck buddies. The last time we were all together was actually when my girlfriend had invited them over to basically have their way with me (see my "Bound By Three" diary entry). That episode was a once off, well, it might happen again I don't know. But I'd been looking forward to seeing the boys again and finally it was arranged!

We were meeting up at a local nightclub first, and then we would head back to Brian's place for some kinky fun. I'd been chatting to Mistress during the day and was feeling very horny already when it was time to get myself prettied up. Mistress had teased me and got me very excitable for the night, as I often do for her, when I know she is seeing one of her lovers. So I had a shower and put on a cute thong. I wanted to dress very hot and sexy to meet up with the boys. I wanted them wanting me badly as soon as they saw me. So I wore my sexiest pushup bra under a cropped tanktop, and one of my shortest little black skirts. Ok so it's almost a belt really! But it covers my butt cheeks just enough to be considered legal I guess. I completed the look with some sexy strappy heels and blush-red lipgloss. I don't normally go out dressed quite so slutty, but I was meeting my boys so I felt safe enough. I knew we wouldn't be at the club for very long anyways!

I got a text from Brian and headed off to the club to meet them. Naturally my outfit had the desired effect! The boys picked me out right away and gave me hugs and said how sexy I looked. I knew some others were perving on me too, but I also knew just who I was going home with already. It was great to see them again and I could tell they were just itching for what's going to happen later. We had a couple drinks at the club and danced a bit. At one stage I was dancing in between both of them. Rubbing my butt against one, while using my best seductive kitten face on the other. They just wanted to take me back to Brian's place right then and there, but I wanted to make the teasing last as long as I could. There's nothing hotter than the feeling of two sexy guys wanting you!

I don't think we drew too much attention really, because the club was pretty packed and everyone was too involved in their own thing. Although I can only imagine what some people were thinking, seeing me getting in a cab with two guys! Needless to say, we didn't waste too much time at the club. We left pretty early by clubbing standards, but we definitely had other things in mind. Once we got to Brian's place, which isn't very far away, we put some music on and had drinks while we all caught up.

After a while I got up and started dancing round like a stripper. I often do that because I know it turns guys on, and plus I do like to show off any chance I get! While I was dancing about, running my hands all over my body, I asked them what they thought of last time, when Bec had invited them to our place. They said that whole night was fucking hot! They enjoyed seeing me in the binding and Brian said that the clamps and the whipping was "kinky as!" By now I could feel myself getting really wet and my whole body was feeling very warm. I knew they wanted me, and I could even see the bulges in their pants growing. That just made me even more excited! It's pretty hot knowing they are getting hard without me even touching them yet.

So I continued prancing about in front of them, moving more and more sexy the more turned on I was getting. I was listening to what they liked most about our group session with my girlfriend Bec. Seeing her fuck me with a strapon was mentioned a lot! We all know it's every guy's fantasy to watch two girls together. Mistress had said to me, that thought alone will probably fuel their dreams for ages to come. I'm also sure seeing that just made them want to fuck me even more. I was getting super horny by this stage, I'm sure they were too. So I kept dancing really sexy and told them to get their dicks out for me.

I was right, they were both hard as already! I moved to the floor between them and grabbed their cocks in my hands and began stroking them a little. Listening to their soft grunts of happiness as my hands worked their hard cocks. Then I started moving my mouth between the two, licking up and down one, and then rubbing my tongue ball up and down the other. I teased them by just licking for a few minutes, knowing how bad they must want my lips to just wrap around their hard shafts. Soon enough I started sucking at their cocks, alternating between one and the other. It wasn't very long before I could taste their precum already, but I didn't want them cumming just yet. Giving them one last lick each, I stood up and told them to undress me.

Quite often I strip myself while dancing for them, or even just on the way to the bedroom. But this felt very sexy and sensual, having them both undress me. They worked as a team, one standing behind me and one in front. Brian pulled my tanktop off over my head and undid my bra and slipped it off me. Josh knelt down a little to slide my skirt off, followed by my thong. I then helped them out of their clothes too until we were all standing there naked, their hands wandering all over me. I unbuckled my shoes and kicked them off. Then I wrapped my hands around their still aroused cocks and led them into the bedroom.

I jumped on the bed first and rolled onto my back, trying to look as fuckable as possible. I motioned them onto the bed either side of me and asked them to rub their dicks on me. I'm not always in such a dirty mood, but they were obviously loving it and didn't need any encouragement. With Josh on one side of me and Brian on the other, I could feel the stickiness as they rubbed their precum all over my boobs and belly. Brian even smeared it all across my collarbone. It felt so dirty and naughty, and I was so horny I was loving it! While they smeared my naked body in their sticky precum, I asked them how they speak about me when they are planning a threesome like this. Sometimes it's actually me that calls or texts them to arrange it. But other times it's one of them that calls me to say they have two hard cocks for me! I started rubbing their precum all over myself as I listened. They said they usually know what the other is up to most of the time, since they are like best friends. 

I heard that sometimes it's a simple phone call saying, "I'm seeing Sara tonight, you want in too?" By now I had one hand between my thighs, rubbing and feeling how wet my kitty was.

Other times they said they would just text each other saying, "want to fuck Sara tonight?"

With two fingers slipping inside me, I said to them, "so you boys want to fuck me then?"

"Fuck yeah!" was their reply.

I wanted them bad by now and I wanted to be fucked so good. Grabbing their cocks, I motioned them where I wanted them. I had Josh move between my legs as I spread my thighs for him, and I had Brian move over my face as he slipped his cock between my lips. I was already moaning onto his cock as I started sucking it into my mouth. Josh didn't waste much time slipping his big hardon into me. I was very, very wet, so he was able to slowly push it all the way inside me. I wrapped my legs around him, loving the feeling of him entering me for the first time. I had my hand over Brian's cock as I sucked on it, wrapping my lips around it very tightly. I'm sure my moans on his cock must've felt really good as he watched Josh spreading my pussy open as he fucked me.

I was feeling so turned on, eagerly sucking Brian's cock while Josh was steadily fucking me good and deep now. Neither of them lasted too long since I'd got them so turned on earlier. I was rubbing my clitti hard while I had their hard cocks at each end of me. Brian was first to let go. I heard his grunting and I held my breath as I felt his dick jerking in my mouth as he erupted. As his cum flooded my mouth, I had a slight orgasm with his cock still pushed between my lips. He came quite a lot too, and I was trying to moan, but I kept my lips wrapped around his dick until it stopped spasming. My mouth was full with his warm gooey cum as Josh was starting to pound into me harder now. I gulped and gulped until I could breath again and then I moaned onto Brian's softening dick as I licked and sucked it clean for him.

I was still licking the stubborn last drips of cum from Brian's dick when I felt Josh thrust forward hard as he moaned. My body was still trembling slightly as I felt his thick cock buried in my kitty, jolting inside as he exploded. I still had my legs wrapped around him, holding him deep inside me as I felt the very warm wetness of his cum filling me. Brian had moved back to rest against the head of the bed by now. I had my hands on Josh's sexy bum as I gasped and panted, showing him how much I enjoyed his cum filling me. Luckily I'm on the pill and Brian and Josh are the only two guys I fuck these days, so I can relax and just enjoy the feeling of a guy exploding inside me. Eventually he slowly pulled out of me and I grabbed him and pulled him up towards my face. He took the hint and popped his dick in my mouth and I sucked the last dribble of cum out of him. Such a naughty taste, the sticky saltiness of his cum, mixed with my own juices. I always say it makes boy cum taste better if he's just been inside me.

They both needed a break now, not surprisingly. So they went to grab drinks for us and I asked them to grab my bag for me. Since I was already so excited about tonight, I'd put some toys in my bag so I could keep going while the boys were regrouping. When they came back to the bedroom, I sculled half of my drink and grabbed a dildo out of my bag. While I was waiting I'd kept my legs together so I didn't dribble everywhere. Now while the boys lounged on the bed watching, I spread my legs as I pushed my dildo into my pussy. I could see they were watching intently while I pushed it in and out a couple times. Then they watched as I slowly pulled it out of me, all smeared with Josh's cum. I brought it up to my mouth and slipped it between my lips a little as I started sucking on it. It felt so naughty doing that in front of them, but I was sure it'd help to get them hard and horny again soon.

I started rubbing my clit while I sucked on the dildo, licking Josh's cum off it. His cum was just starting to dribble from my kitty too and I used it to lube my clitti while I rolled my fingers over it in a frenzy. I soon started to cum again and I rested the dildo against my lips as I moaned loud while I rubbed my clit hard. The dirtiness and naughtiness of the whole scene was filling my mind as my pussy spasmed. I could barely keep my eyes open to see the boys watching me make myself cum so hard. When I finally had some consciousness again, I dragged the dildo down my body and quickly shoved it back in my pussy. I was feeling so hot and still so damn horny. I just pushed that dildo into me and started fucking myself with it as I began rubbing my swollen clit again. Spreading my legs wider so the boys had a good view, I steadily fucked my pussy with the dildo and rubbed my clit so hard until I came again! This time my back arched so much my bum was just off the bed as I felt my pussy gripping the dildo so hard over and over.

It drove me crazy that the boys were watching me make myself so wild. Once I came back down to earth, I slipped the dildo from my pussy and licked it like a porn star. They were just watching in intense silence as I licked all the sticky juices from the dildo. I could feel trickles of wetness starting to dribble down my butt crack now. So I spread my legs really wide and with the tip of the dildo I rubbed that mixture of juices over my butthole. I could hear their mumbles as they watched this, but I was in a mind of my own, so I really have no clue what they were saying, if anything. When I felt very relaxed, I slowly pushed the dildo into my bum. My mind was on fire, feeling so hot and horny, being so dirty and naughty. I just wanted the boys to be rock hard again to fuck me some more. So I slowly teased the dildo in and out of my bum for a minute and then to my own surprise, I pulled it out and sucked it again!

I've only sucked Josh once or twice after he's fucked me there. It's still a pretty new thing that I've opened up to trying. I could tell it was really turning them on, seeing me be this wild and naughty. As I sucked the dildo clean again, all I could taste was Josh's cum and my juices still. By now the boys were moving about on the bed, itching to get into the action again I'm sure. I'd been fucking myself with the dildo for what seemed like an hour, and now I could see the boys both had hard dicks again and I wanted them!

So now I had Josh lay back on the bed as I knelt over him, watching him smear some lube all over his thick cock. I flipped myself over and backed up over him, until the tip of his cock was rubbing against my butt. Now remembering Josh is the bigger of the two boys, I must've been super horny wanting him in my butt. I slowly worked myself onto his hard cock, feeling his reasonably thick shaft stretching my butt open. It hurt a little bit at first, but in such a mood like I was, it was actually a turn on! He had slowly pushed most of his cock up into me as I felt it making my pussy squeeze and a heap of his cum oozed out of me from his earlier fucking. I wiped it with my fingers and rubbed it all over my still swollen clit as Brian was maneuvering between my legs. He grabbed my thighs as he positioned the bulging head of his cock between my bright red swollen pussy lips.

As I slowly rocked back and forth on Josh's dick, I just gasped at Brian, "fuck me!"

He didn't need any more invitation, and I could tell he was even hornier now because he just lunged forward, pushing his cock all the way into my pussy. I half yelped, half moaned, as his cock filled my pussy, while Josh had his hands either side of my belly, edging me back on top of him. Soon enough I was laying back onto Josh's chest as he rocked his hips up towards me as his thick cock began thrusting into my butt. At the same time, Brian's hands on my thighs held my legs open while he started fucking my pussy like a wild man! If I wasn't so wet and horny, this might've hurt, but I had been thinking about it all day and now I just wanted them both to fuck me so badly. Secretly, that's why I dressed the way I did to meet them at the club. I wanted them to be aching to fill all my holes since they first saw me tonight. And now they were! I was constantly moaning and squirming on their cocks as they double penetrated me.

I think the session with Bec had shown them just how hard they can fuck me when I'm this horny, because they were really giving it to me. I felt so filled with both their cocks thrusting deep into my pussy and bum. I'd barely touched my clit when I had a massive orgasm, closely followed by another as I started to rub myself. The contractions of my pussy, ever tighter because of Josh's cock filling my butt; it must've got to Brian because before I knew it he rammed himself deep into me and exploded in my quivering pussy. Oh my god! It was such a hot feeling, having another load of hot sticky cum shooting deep in my pussy. He quickly pulled out once he was done, so that Josh could continue his thrusts into my bum. I could feel his hands moving to my hips as he bounced me onto his cock now. Reaching for my dildo, I managed to grab it and toss it at Brian, hoping he would be open enough to use it on me while Josh continued fucking my butt.

I was quite surprised how interested Brian was with the dildo. The first thing he did was push it against my lips and make me suck on it a little. I happily opened my mouth and sucked it as if it was his cock! He basically fucked my mouth with the dildo while Josh was bouncing me up and down on his cock. I was loving it, it felt so hot and dirty and my body was loving the attention of two sexy guys. With Josh's cock pushing up harder and deeper in my butt now, I could feel Brian's still warm cum starting to ooze from my pussy. Brian quickly took the dildo from my mouth and wiped his cum all over my swollen pussy before pushing it inside me. It was my 8 inch dildo, but with two loads of cum inside me now, he slid it into me quite quickly almost all the way. As the dildo filled my opened pussy again, it made my butthole tighten around Josh's cock. He had to slow his thrusts a little, but I could tell it was exciting him too. He was steadily pushing his hard cock up into my bum, every single inch of it!

I was already getting just a little sore and I knew by morning I'd be very sore. But I didn't care one bit. I'd been craving this for so long, I just wanted them to fuck me senseless! I wanted to cum and cum and cum, but Brian was being just a little too gentle with the dildo at this stage. So reaching down to his hand on the dildo, I guided him and pressed hard on his hand, urging him to thrust it into me harder. I was gasping and panting as I felt the dildo forcing my pussy to open every time Brian pushed it in, harder now. At the same time I could feel Josh thrusting up into my butt very hard now. It was at the stage that it was almost hurting. But I was so turned on that I just gyrated onto his cock, meeting his thrusts as he drove his thick hard cock up into me. Brian was really drilling that dildo into my pussy now and I was on the verge of cumming.

Suddenly he yanked the dildo from my well fucked pussy and pushed it against my mouth! Again I gladly let him push it between my lips and into my mouth. I could taste both their cum all over the dildo and I could taste myself a lot too. I started sucking on it crazily as I moved my hand to my cum soaked pussy and started rubbing my ever swollen clit again. Just as I was on the verge again, Brian quickly pulled the dildo from my mouth as I started moaning so loudly. I'd moved my hand a little, hoping he was watching. My eyes were barely open when I felt the dildo being rammed back into my pussy. He really pushed it in hard, harder than I showed him just minutes before. I could feel the base of it hit my swollen labia as he buried every inch of it inside me. I almost collapsed on top of Josh as my body quaked. His hands were gripping my hips so tight, pulling my butt onto his cock as he was about to explode. I was panting and moaning as I was being hammered by Josh's thick cock in my butt, and Brian plunging the dildo into my pussy so deep and hard.

Josh grunted in my ear, "want me to pull out?"

I just almost squealed, "noooooo!" "Cum in me!!" I pleaded.

Oh my god! It was like a nuclear explosion! Josh pulled me down onto his cock so hard and thoroughly erupted deep in my butt. I could feel his cock spasming and jerking back and forth inside me. He came so much and for what seemed like a long time too. The whole time my body was writhing and bucking wildly as I came so hard. It was the biggest orgasm of the night so far, it was what I call a double actually, and my body shivered for ages even after. Josh was just holding me on top of him until his dick calmed down, but Brian continued ramming the dildo into me the whole time I was cumming. I thought it would never stop, not that I wanted it to. Eventually Josh lifted me off his cock and I lay there completely delirious for a while. My orgasms had stopped, but my whole body was still quivering from the long and intense fucking.

After a while I had enough consciousness back and I rolled over onto Brian's legs and started sucking his cock clean. I could taste his cum stuck to him, and I could smell and taste myself all over him too. My butthole was still pulsing from Josh's long fucking too. At the same time I could feel both their cum oozing from both places and dribbling down my thighs a little. I wasn't sure if the boys were up for a third round, if anything it'd be unusual for Brian to get hard a third time. But I kept licking and sucking his cock until there was a little life in it to give me hope. So I started stroking it in my hand as I moved my mouth towards Josh's cock. I wrapped my lips around the head and started sucking it into my mouth. Licking and sucking the sticky messy of cum off him. Josh started to get pretty hard again already and when Josh has already cum once or twice, he gets really, really hard next time round. I alternated my mouth and hands between their two cocks again. After a fair workout for my mouth, I'd managed to get them both rock hard again!
