 Intro...

Hi my name is Sara. I'm 22 years old and bisexual. I am permanently horny 24/7, which is a curse because I have trouble focusing on anything other than sex. I have been reading the stories here at Literotica for a couple of years now because they help to get me off, especially the 'Loving Wives' stories for some strange reason. I'm very broad minded and in to most things except scat (eeuww!). I've been sexually active for a while now, I was definitely an early starter although obviously we can't discuss underage sex here. I've decided to start writing about my sexual exploits here as a creative way to try and deal with my obsession. I hope you will like my efforts.

*

This story continues from 'Sara at the Nudist Beach'.

So I'm still in Tenerife. I'm walking back from the harbour, it's a scorching hot day and I'm beginning to wilt from the heat.

Suddenly a black BMW coupe pulls alongside of me. The tinted window slides down and there is Kiko grinning at me. 

'Hey Sara do you need a ride?'

'Oh yeah thanks' I reply 'it's so hot I think I'm going to melt'.

He hops out to lift the seat for me and I slide into the back. Paco is in the passenger seat. We exchange smiles and say hi and I can feel myself blushing at the memories of our day at the beach.

It feels wonderful in the car. The air con is on full blast and it is a great relief. It's so cold that I have goose pimples all over my body and my nipples stiffen and pucker against the flimsy material of my summer dress.

'We are just heading back to the villa for the siesta do you want to join us? I'm going to barbecue some chicken and we can chill out in the pool.'

'Yeah that sounds great but I don't have a bathing suit with me' I replied.

'Ah Sara that doesn't matter, you know we are naturists, it will be Au natural today. The pool and garden is very secluded and Paco and I have already seen you naked.'

'OK sure then' I replied, 'it's sounds like a great plan'. 

Inside I was already getting butterflies. The thought of being naked on my own with these two hot guys was amazing, especially when I remembered how ripped and tanned their bodies were and, how big Paco's manhood was of course.

A short drive later and the electronic gates to a large villa were swinging open and we drove on in. I hadn't given it much thought before but it seemed like these guys had some serious money. If I didn't get it from the BMW then I was left in no doubt when I saw the villa.

We made our way to the back of the villa. As promised the garden backed onto the cliff tops and as such was totally secluded. 

The guys wasted no time in getting undressed. No fuss, no drama, just two experienced naturists relaxing in their home environment. Nothing was said so I just followed suit and slipped out of my sundress and panties.

'Just dive in whenever you feel like it Sara' yelled Paco, 'just relax and enjoy yourself, mi casa su casa'.

A bit cliched I know but it sounded natural and sincere coming from Kiko's lips.

'We are just going to fire up the barbecue and start some food cooking, will you be OK on your own? Shall we start up the jacuzzi?'

'Yeah sure' I replied 'I'll be fine, I'll just take a swim, sure start up the bubbles'.

I slipped into the water and gradually built up a bit of speed swimming a few exerting laps of the pool. 

I was just relaxing floating on my back, now able to enjoy the warmth of the sun's rays when Paco dived in and swam over. He embraced me in his strong arms and in his faltering English he said he was so glad that I had come to 'stay' with them.

I was already aware of his enormous flaccid penis against my thigh. I trembled perceptibly at the thought of it.

'The food she is ready for eating come now' he told me. He took my hand and led me out of the pool to the barbecue area. 

There was chicken and salad and bread and some lovely wine. We had a lovely lunch, eating, drinking, and chatting, and just getting to know each other.

Why it hadn't dawned on me I really don't know, but I discovered that Paco and Kiko were lovers. Doh! However, they told me that they were both bisexual and had an 'open' relationship.

When we had finished eating Kiko suggested we take our wine to the jacuzzi. I slipped in first and Paco sat beside me and Kiko sat to the other side of Paco.

We sat chatting and joking and the afternoon was flying by. The guys really were great company even with Paco's limited English. I noticed that Kiko had an arm around Paco's shoulders and he was becoming increasingly intimate with him, giving him the occasional peck on the cheek and nuzzling his neck.

I looked down into the water to avoid staring at this display and noticed Kiko's other hand high on Paco's thigh. Paco's huge cock was fully engorged and the tip was just out of the water. I couldn't help but stare.

As I watched Kiko's hand gently encircled Paco's huge cock. He pulled back to reveal the massive purple head. 'I see you like my boyfriends dick Sara' laughed Paco.

'Hell yes!' I laughed. 'Es Magnifico!'

'Do you want to suck him?' 

'Oh God yeah do I ever' I replied.

'Come I share him with you.'

With that Kiko slipped to his knees in the water, he reached for my arm and gently ushered me down to join him. He took Paco's cock into his mouth and moved my hand to caress his balls. After a few seconds he pulled his head off Paco's cock and pointed it in my direction. I hungrily nibbled at the big bulbous purple head. Nipping and pinching the tender flesh with my teeth.

Paco was getting impatient, he placed his strong hands on my head and pushed his big throbbing cock deeper into my warm wet mouth. Kiko moved around behind me and began to play with my ass.

Then I felt Kiko's cock nudging at my pussy. He slipped in and I was in heaven, two very hot ripped and tanned Latin guys were making a 'spit-roast' of me. Just the thought of what was happening was enough to trigger my first orgasm. I came hard, I gripped Paco's big cock so hard I heard him muffle a yelp, my cunt muscles were contracting hard around Kiko's hard cock.

When the waves of my orgasm subsided I became aware that these two guys were now fucking me very hard. Paco's huge lump of meat was almost dislocating my jaw and Kiko was going at my pussy like a jackhammer.

I came again and collapsed into the foaming water. 

'Ah Sara do you need to rest?' chuckled Kiko.

'A couple of minutes would help' I laughed back.

'Come rest on the lounger in the sun for a moment.'

I did as I was told, flopping into the chair and enjoying the warmth of the sun re-invigorating my body.

I looked up and the guys were now kissing each other and playing with each others cocks. The sight of guys wanking has always been a big turn on for me. The sight of two guys wanking each other was a first for me and I absolutely loved it.

As they continued to amuse each other lost in their own little world for the moment, I began to play with my pussy. 

As my body and pussy came back to life I was ready for some more of those lovely cocks. 

I called the guys to move closer. They stood directly in front of me and continued to kiss and play with each other. I leaned forward in my chair and began to nuzzle my face in between the two engorged members.

Paco took Kiko's cock and pressed the end to my waiting lips. He moved behind Kiko and began to wank him harder and faster whilst I kissed and sucked at the straining head. Paco then slid his large cock into Kiko's welcoming ass, as Paco began to fuck him Kiko gave a loud strangled cry and began to shoot his hot cum all over my face.

I love the feel of hot cum on my body and I was building to another orgasm as I rubbed my little clit hard. Then Paco moved Kiko aside pulling out his big cock and from about 2 ft away shot an enormous load of cum in my direction, it was splashing everywhere, on my face, my tits, my legs and feet.

This was too much for me and I came again instantly. My pussy contracting wildly and the warm waves flooding through my body.

Then the most amazing thing happened. The guys got down on their knees and began to lick the cum from my body. Kiko started at my feet where some of Paco's load had landed and Paco licking Kiko's cum from my face.

It was one of the horniest experiences of my life and I just laid back and watched in wonder and lust.

Unfortunately the guys had to get back to work as it was now nearing the end of their siesta time. We cleaned each other under the outside shower by the pool, each taking turns to soap the others.

The guys dropped me off at my grandparents apartment and said I was to feel free to visit them any time I was in Tenerife.