 I was out at a nice local Italian restaurant, celebrating my 20th birthday with a few girlfriends, when I met Sean.

The waiter came to our table with a bottle of champagne for us 'courtesy of the gentleman across the room' he said.

We all looked over to see a gorgeous guy at a distant table raising his glass to us.

From where I was sitting I could see that he had a thick head of jet black hair and he looked either very tanned or he was maybe of Latin or middle eastern descent.

We all began giggling and discussing how gorgeous this guy was and which of us he might be interested in, the way girls do.

After our meal Sean came over and introduced himself, he said that he had VIP tickets to a local club and would we like to join him and his friends and continue our celebration.

The club in question was probably the most popular in the area and, as we didn't have any definite plans of our own we agreed to join them.

Sean took my arm, leaving everyone in no doubt which of us he was interested in. 

Outside he lead me to a black Range Rover Sport. He actually opened the passenger side door for me, very suave, wow this was a first for me. My friend Jenna and Sean's friend Tom got in the back seat and the others got into a nice Mercedes further down the road.

The club was packed with a large queue outside. We went straight to the front where the bouncers let us straight in, 'Good evening Mr Price' said the huge beefcake on the door. Sean exchanged a few words with another of the bouncers and he lead us through the crowded club to a roped off area with its own small bar.

As we got chatting I discovered that Sean was a part-owner of the club and the restaurant we had been in earlier, hence the preferential treatment.

We had a great night drinking and chatting and getting to know each other. So when he invited me back to his apartment it was a no-brainer really, 'sure' I replied 'the night is still young'. 

To be honest I don't remember too much about that night I think I was pretty blitzed, it was my birthday after all. I vaguely remember one of the bouncers driving us home from the club, the next thing I knew I was waking up in a strange bed in a strange room in just my panties.

I got out of bed and pulled on a toweling robe that was hanging over a chair. I sheepishly began exploring my surroundings. This was a very swish pad. Lots of black leather and chrome, lots of art and big TVs on the walls.

I eventually found Sean in the kitchen. He was just frying us some bacon and eggs for breakfast. 

'Morning gorgeous' he chuckled.

I'm sure I looked anything but. 'Morning, something smells good' I replied.

'Thought you might need some stodge to soak up all that booze' he laughed.

'Sounds perfect' I responded.

We sat and ate and chatted comfortably and easily. He made me feel like I'd known him forever. I discovered that during my tour of his apartment the night before I'd asked to use the bathroom, he'd shown me to the en suite in his bedroom and left me to it.

When he returned he'd found me fast asleep in his bed and so he'd left me to it and slept in the spare bedroom.

With anyone else I would have been totally embarrassed but we just laughed it off.

'Do you want to take a shower?' he asked when we had finished our coffee.

'Yeah, I think I need one' I giggled.

Sean showed me to the en suite and showed me where everything was and then left me to my own devices.

Once under the hot water I began to analyze my situation. 'Wow!' I thought 'this gorgeous guy seems to be totally in to me.' We had enjoyed a wonderful night just getting to know each other, he didn't seem the least bit put out that I'd fallen asleep on him, he'd held a car door open for me for fuck sake, and he'd made me breakfast. 'These guys don't grow on trees' I told myself.

As I was thinking all this my mind began to wander to how physically attractive he was too. Thick dark hair, very tanned from lots of foreign travel as I was to discover later, tall and athletic looking, chiseled nose and cheekbones and a square darkly stubbled jaw. His bright blue eyes shone lustily whenever he looked at me which was a huge turn on.

I found myself involuntarily touching myself intimately as I thought of him. Tweaking my hard nipples as the warm water cascaded over them, gently fingering the folds of my hot pussy. 'I need to fuck this man right now' I thought to myself 'where the hell has he got to?'

I hopped out of the shower, and wrapped myself in the huge Egyptian cotton bath towel. I walked into the bedroom where Sean was totally naked, he was just changing and about to pull on a pair of boxers. 

'Don't you dare get covered up mister' I growled mischievously. I unwrapped the towel and let it drop from my body as I quickly closed the few feet of space between us.

We embraced and our mouths found each other and locked together in passion, our tongues entwined and I began to suck on his tongue as though it were a mini cock that had invaded my warm wet mouth.

His hands were all over my body, stroking my back, my ass, running up my stomach to finally grasp my aching breasts, my pussy was also aching for his touch, our mouths finally parted and I was panting for breath, I had literally forgotten to breathe, his head swooped down to suckle at my breast, his hot wet tongue slurping at my stiffened nipples.

The next thing I knew I was being swept off my feet as he lifted me easily into his arms and carried me to the bed.

He laid me down on the soft cotton sheets and began to devour me with his mouth. He suckled strongly at my erect nipples, pinching and nibbling at the tender flesh with his teeth, then he was tracing a trail of wet kisses down my stomach and finally he was between my legs.

My pussy longed for his touch but he seemed determined to tease me some more. He was kissing the smooth soft skin of my inner thighs, tracing wet circles with his tongue, 'ooohhhhh' I moaned in agony at his delaying tactics.

He looked up, directly into my eyes, he knew what I wanted, what I needed, what I was longing for. He gave me a look of smug satisfaction that he was having such an effect on me and then he finally buried his head into my relieved cunt.

He was lapping at my little hard clit sending waves of pleasure coursing through my body. Then I felt him insert two fingers into my wet pussy and begin to move them in and out, slowly increasing the tempo to match my now writhing hips.

I was quickly building to an orgasm. When it came it was a biggie. My whole body was shaking. I was clamping Sean's head hard between my thighs. His tongue flicked faster and faster at my clit. He rammed his fingers in deeper and deeper, rubbing my G spot. I was grinding my pussy into his face, my hips were gyrating wildly as he attempted to hold me in place with his strong hands.

Then I was lost in a tidal wave of pleasure, my whole body sang in ecstasy as the endorphins flooded my brain.

I looked down and there was Sean's handsome chiseled face looking back at me with a look of triumph twinkling in his gorgeous blue eyes.

My fingers found his strong jaw and gently pulled his face up to meet mine. We kissed tenderly. I wanted him inside me now. My tongue began to explore his mouth tasting my pussy juices, I could feel his arousal against my thigh as a trickle of precum oozed from his throbbing member to dribble down my skin.

I reached down and grabbed his throbbing cock, I massaged it to full hardness and then guided it to my eager pussy. He slipped in, again filling my senses with pleasure. As he began to thrust, my hips rose to meet him, we quickly found a rapid tempo, both of us thrusting with everything we had to give, our breathing was ragged, he began to cry my name and then I felt him spurt inside me, his thick spunk coating my pussy walls, the feeling was enough to induce my second orgasm and I could feel my pussy pulsating around his throbbing cock.

We lay together for a long time, neither of us speaking, both savoring the moment, me gently caressing his thick, now slightly sweaty, hair.

Eventually we began to talk and we shared a lot of intimate thoughts and details that morning. I think we both felt that this could be the start of something special.

I spent most of that week at his apartment. We couldn't get enough of each other. I think we must have made love in every room and over every piece of furniture in those first few lust filled days.

However there was also a much deeper more intimate connection. I wanted this guy to know everything about me. We talked for hours about everything. Things that I hadn't even shared with my best girlfriends.

On the Thursday Sean told me that his friend Byron was having a pool party at the weekend and that we were both invited. 

He went on to explain that Byron belonged to a circle of friends who were naturists and some of them were heavily into the swinging scene, although not all of them.

The usual scenario was that Byron would host a pool party about once a month. Clothing was not an option. Maybe 20 or 30 people would attend each party in the afternoon and then in the evening those that were into the swinging lifestyle would stay on at the house after the others had left.

Sean said that he usually attended and that he usually became involved in the after party events.

He asked if I was comfortable being naked around other people.

'Sure' I replied 'I'm not embarrassed by nudity, to be honest I like showing off my body, it's a massive turn on'.

'Do you want to go then?' he asked eagerly. 'We can leave anytime you feel uncomfortable'.

'Sure babe it sounds like a lot of fun' I giggled.

'I knew I'd found someone special' he laughed, taking me in his strong arms and squeezing me tightly, kissing me passionately.

He pulled away saying 'Byron has some photos and videos on his blog, do you want to see?'

He lead me to the computer and typed in the web address. The site came up and we were looking at the photos. They showed the house and pool, and lots of pictures of naked people swimming and playing around or just chatting and drinking, normal party type stuff.

'Oh looks like Byron just added a new video' Sean said 'lets have a look'.

He clicked on the link and up popped a full length view of the pool. 

Byron was at the far end and he began to swim toward the camera on his back. As he got nearer to the camera it became clear that he was naked. His cock was bouncing from side to side with the motion of his legs kicking in the water. Byron looked to be in great shape and his cock was very impressive. It wasn't hard and it was clearly a good six inches in length.

The video ended with Byron climbing out of the pool and walking towards the camera, his big dick swaying tantalizingly before him.

'What do you think babe?' Sean asked.

'Yeah it looks like a great pool for a party' I replied, still flushed at the thoughts I was having about Byron's cock.

Saturday came and we drove out to Byron's place. It was about a 15 minute drive out into the country. We were amongst the last to arrive and so most people were already naked. It felt more conspicuous and uncomfortable to be clothed around all of these naked people so we quickly undressed and joined the party.

Everyone spent the afternoon mingling, in the pool, the sauna, the large jacuzzi, there was even a state of the art gym, I've been in leisure centres that were less well equipped.

There was a good group of about 25 people from a wide age range. Kerry was the youngest, a beautiful tall slim brunette who looked absolutely scrumptious. The oldest were Gerry and Amanda a lovely couple in their late 50s.

It was a lovely afternoon and most people started to leave around six o'clock. By seven o'clock there were just eight of us left, and we were the ones sticking around for the evening's events.

There was Sean and Myself, Byron and his beautiful wife Linday, another couple Johnny and Sue, and two single guys Matt and Eddie.

Apparently Byron's big turn on was to see his wife get fucked by two young studs. 

Matt and Eddie were the studs. They were two beefcakes that worked the doors at the nightclub. The three of them were already splashing around in the pool.

Sean and I were sat in the jacuzzi which looked out over the pool. Sean excused himself and said he felt like taking a sauna. He went to join Johnny and Sue in the sauna leaving me alone in the hot tub sipping on my Jack Daniels and Coke.

I wasn't alone for very long when Byron appeared, he was walking towards me with his semi erect dick pointing the way, a Black Russian cocktail in each hand, and the widest shit eating grin I ever saw.

He handed me one of the cocktails and slipped in to the tub beside me. It was a big tub but he chose to sit so close that you couldn't have squeezed a cigarette paper between us. I got the impression I was to be Byron's choice for the night.

Not that I was complaining. He had been very charming and attentive to my needs all afternoon. Besides, as mentioned earlier, he was in pretty good shape and he had a lovely cock.

We sat sipping our drinks and chatting amiably when things started to get a bit more frisky in the pool. Linday had managed to get herself positioned between her two hunks of beef, her ass was grinding into Matt's cock whilst he reached around to play with her tits. Eddie had begun to kiss her, his hands tilting her face to his, and she was running her hands through his hair.

Byron had gone very quiet now, when I looked towards him he was transfixed on the action in the pool and his hand was lazily tweaking his hardening cock.

In the pool Eddie had hopped out to sit on the edge with his feet dangling in the water. I could see his cock pointing straight to the glass ceiling. Linday moved between his legs encircling his engorged member with her long fingers and redirecting it towards her waiting lips.

Matt still behind her lurched forward with his hips and it was clear that he had entered her although we couldn't see from our vantage point.

I heard Byron let out a sigh of intense pleasure. His eyes were still glued to the action in the pool and his cock was now fully engorged and stood a proud 8 inches. 

I was ready for that beautiful big cock now. I slipped to my knees in the foaming water, I had to prise Byron's fingers from his cock he was so lost in the scene in the pool he didn't even realize what I was doing, I think he had forgotten I was even there.

My head swooped down to lick the huge bulbous head of his glorious cock. A trickle of precum escaped and I lapped it up greedily. Byron moaned again.

I began to get as much of his cock into my mouth as I could, the purple head was very large and it was all I could do just to suck on that wonderful treat. 

I played with his heavy balls and jerked his hard shaft. Then I think he finally became aware of my presence and he looked down at me with his eyes ablaze with passion and lust.

He took my face in his strong hands and pulled me up to kiss him on the lips. Then he turned me so that I was facing the pool kneeling up with my hands on the side of the tub. Byron was behind me with his hard cock nudging at my pussy lips. 

I had been horny virtually the whole day in anticipation of the evenings events, as such my pussy was already very wet and she opened to welcome this strange new invader.

As we fucked we had a great view of the continuing action in the pool. Matt was fucking Linday hard from behind whilst she slurped greedily on Eddie's cock. Meanwhile Byron was beginning to pick up his tempo fucking me and I was thrusting my hips backwards to meet his hard cock as it sloughed into my wet pussy.

Back at the pool the guys had now left the water and moved the action to one of the futons that surrounded the pool area. Linday was perched on the edge of the futon with the guys standing in front of her. It looked like she was trying to feed both of those big hard cocks into her hungry mouth. 

Realizing it just wasn't going to be possible she began alternating her attentions from one cock to the next. Sucking one and wanking the other, bobbing her pretty face back and for ward between the two.

Not to be outdone Byron turned me around in the tub so that my face was perfectly level with his engorged eight inches. Unfortunately from this position I could no longer see the action at the poolside. More fortunately as I began to suck on Byron's cock he started a commentary on the actions of his slutty wife.

'Oh Sara she is sucking those two bastards off right in front of me. Wow! Those two guys are really built aren't they? Look at those muscles and the size of their cocks.' I was beginning to get the impression he wished he was the one sucking cock.

'Oh Matt is sitting down now. Linday is climbing on top of him. She has his cock. Ohhhh she just slid all that cock right into her pussy.' Byron continued to fuck my mouth whilst he gave the running commentary. 'Oh my god! Eddie is behind her now, I think he's going to fuck her arse, do you like your arse fucking Sara?'

I wanted to say 'it's not my favourite but if you turn me on enough I do' but with a mouth full of cock it came out as 'gnarf fumblechook lambast ooplydoo'.

'Oh yes baby suck my cock hard while those two big bastards DP my wife'.

I sensed rather than saw or heard someone else joining us in the tub. I felt a hand on each breast, when I opened my eyes it was Sue and Johnny, one either side caressing my big breasts. I wondered briefly where Sean had got to but quickly lost myself to the pleasures of sucking a nice hard dick and having my hard nipples teased.

Suddenly Byron pulled his cock out of my mouth and stepped aside to be replaced by Sean. He looked down at me with his beautiful blue eyes full of lust and I felt my pussy contracting hard. I sucked his cock into my mouth at which point Sue cried 'No fair, you aren't allowed to fuck your own partner tonight'.

I felt a little deflated as Sean removed his cock. Sue was on it in a flash. I watched as she hungrily gobbled my new boyfriends dick into her mouth. I didn't have much time to feel too envious though as I was confronted by two erect penises both vying for my attention.

Johnny and Byron were now both standing in front of me. I took Johnny's cock into my mouth and wrapped my fingers around Byron.

Byron was still commentating on his wife's action as I alternately sucked both his and Johnny's cocks and Sue sucked on Sean's.

'Oh Eddie is pulling his cock out of her arse now, I think he's going to cum. Yes he's wanking it he's going to cum all over my wife's gorgeous little arse. Oh there it goes, wow that looks like a load of cum. Good lad. Oh Linday is climbing off Matt's cock now, she's kneeling in front of him. He's standing up, he's going to cum all over my wife's beautiful face. Oh yes there it is another huge load all over my wife'.

With that Byron sprayed his own massive load of cum all over my face and tits. The sight of it must have had an effect on Johnny too as moments later he shot another load all over me. I was covered in the stuff. I looked at Sean who took one look at his new girlfriend covered in cum and shot his own load deep into Sue's throat.

Sue slid around the tub to sit next to me and began to lick all the cum from my face and tits and began sharing cum laden kisses with me. We swapped all the cum for a while and when we looked up we still had three hard cocks waiting for us.

'I'm a little chilly guys, shall we move this to the sauna?' asked Sue.

'Sure why not' someone, probably Byron, replied.

Once in the sauna I was again paired with Byron and Johnny. Johnny sat on the bench and indicated with his eyes that he wanted me to sit on his stiff cock. I straddled his legs and slowly lowered my hot wet pussy onto him. Byron was behind me in a flash with his hard cock nudging at my little puckered asshole.
