 Our best friends in our neighborhood are Sara and Norm. They've lived right next door to us for seven years now, ever since they moved here from Cleveland.

We're all in our fifties, Tracy and I never had kids, Sara and Norm have two, both just out of college and on their own. We get together quite often at each other's houses, we have an in-ground pool, they have a hot tub. Our summers are filled with barbecues almost every weekend, we've just hit it off ever since we first met.

One day, Tracy came home from a girl-shopping trip with Sara to tell me the latest news from next door.

"You'll never believe it, Norm's giving Sara a boob-job for her birthday. She goes in next Monday for an evaluation."

"Gee, she looks like she's got enough, not like that little secretary I had a few years back, remember her, flat as a board."

"No, Don, it's not the size, she's happy with that, she's more concerned with their southerly slide these days. Like many women, she's gotten a bit droopy and she wants them put back where they were when she was younger."

"Oh, yeah, sure, I can see that. You really look pretty good, hon, but maybe that's just good genes, right?"

"Well, mine have come down a bit but they still look pretty good for a woman in her mid-fifties, right?" she asked as she puffed out her chest.

"Well, lemme see 'em and I'll let you know?"

"You just want to get me naked."

"You're absolutely right," I shot back as she leaned forward and gave me a peck on the lips.

"Well, I've gotta change anyway so come on back, carry those packages and I just might give you a peek, handsome," so I picked up her shopping bags and followed her lovely ass back to our bedroom.

Now my wife has lived over a half-century, but those years have treated her quite well. She's five-six, one hundred twenty-two pounds, thirty-six B-cup, nice brown nipples that get super-hard and erect when I suck or pinch them. Her hips are nice, tummy flat, she shaves her pussy, in fact, I came home about six months ago and she said, "Come back to our bedroom, I want to show you something," and it was her newly-shaved pussy. Dinner was about nine-forty-five that night because I kept feasting on her until she finally made me stop after rewarding her with four orgasms. Then a hot fuck after we went to bed.

She pulled off her top, then reached back and let her bra slide off her arms. I was sitting on our bed as she reached under and held each breast and stepped toward me as I leaned forward to take a nipple in my mouth, my other hand clutching the other, my thumb wiping back and forth across her nipple which was responding as always, popping out eagerly.

"I think you're all horny thinking about Sara's new boobs and what they'll look like."

I looked up but didn't interrupt my sucking until I'd done both boobs and just had to fuck her.

"Well, I hope she shows them off, sure, what guy wouldn't want to see a nice set of tits, right. But right now, I'm giving my wife a good, hard fuck," and we were quickly out of our clothes and into bed and I was into Tracy, all seven inches. It was a great time for us both. We finally got out of bed three hours later.

Not much was really mentioned about Sara's boob-job until we were walking to their house about eight weeks later. Tracy told me, "Well, Sara's got her new boobs, be sure and take a good look, I know you will," she teased as her elbow dug into my side.

We had a nice time, good wine, good food, and I did check out Sara's boobs which were under a white blouse held in by a lacy white bra. They looked nice, maybe a bit bigger, but it was difficult to tell. Really not as much of a turn-on as I'd hoped.

On our way back home, Tracy asked me, "Well, what did you think?"

"Oh, you mean her boobs? Well, I guess I didn't see much difference. I was hoping to, but, well, they looked pretty much the same. Have you seen them?"

"As a matter of fact, I have. They're really nice. She's now 36D and really firm."

"So you felt them?" I asked.

She changed the subject leading me to assume just what you're assuming as well. I'm not at all a jealous kind of guy, if she and Sara might have a little fun, well, that's fine with me.

A few weeks later, when I came back to my office one afternoon, I had an email from Tracy telling me we were having Sara over for supper and they'd be out back at our pool so come out for a swim after I changed.

When I got home, I showered and changed into my trunks and strolled out to the pool. There they were, the two wives, laying out on chaise lounges, wearing bikinis.

After kissing them both hello, I learned that Norm was away on business and it would just be the three of us. So, I took their wine glasses in for a refill and poured myself one as well.

We all chatted about this and that and after a while, Tracy asked me, "Well, what do you think of Sara''s new boobs?"

Well, there it was. She was in a bikini, one even smaller than my wife's and Tracy is a bit of an exhibitionist; as I remembered, Sara usually wore a one-piece suit.

"Very nice from here," I replied.

Sara stood up, turned back and forth, giving me different angles to view her new figure, when Tracy also stood up behind her, pulled the tie in back and pulled off Sara's top.

Well, oh, my, they were perfect. Simply perfect. The envy of even a Playboy centerfold. And, they looked real. I've seem plenty of porn, all those blown-up boobs looking like over-filled balloons. No, Sara's were perfect.

"They're stunning, really perfect. Not overdone like you see sometimes. Very nice."

Sara stepped over to where I was sitting, leaned over, smiled, and asked, "Would you like to feel?"

I looked back at Tracy who had now removed her top and she was nodding at me as I lifted my hands up to cup Sara's wonderful, new breasts.

Wow, she felt like she was sixteen, firm but still pliable and soft. There didn't seem to be anything inside her breasts that I could feel, no implants or anything, though I wasn't sure if you could actually feel them when they were used.

"You should taste them, too, Don. See if you like them," she said softly as she lowered down, placing a nipple on my lips.

I had a raging hard-on, of course, as I began sucking her nipple, feeling it harden between my lips. I nibbled it a bit like I do with Tracy's, and got pretty much the same reaction from Sara.

"Ooooh, oooh, mmm, not too hard, that's just right." Her hand went down on the large bulge in my shorts as she whispered, "I think I need to give you some relief, I've gotten you all excited," and she knelt down and worked my trunks off, my cock springing up, almost hitting her in the face as she laughed.

"Almost got me with that, Don, frisky one, isn't it," as she bent down, sliding her lips over the head of my cock and down the shaft to almost the base. Then she started sucking as I rubbed those new beauties.

Tracy had come up behind her and untied Sara's bottom and, from what I could see, was either rubbing up under her on her pussy or fingering her, one or the other. Well, I think these two know each other better than I'd thought.

I sat there, knees wide, Sara, now naked, kneeling in front of me, sucking my cock, as my wife gets down on her back and puts her head up under Sara and is obviously licking and tonguing her friend's pussy.

These two must have cooked this up and I was wondering why they chose a day when Norm was away, just leaving me as the sole male. Well, they did obviously know how to pleasure one another, maybe one guy was enough for them.

You can imagine my surprise at all this but I was sure pleased having my cock sucked by my attractive, naked next door neighbor. And, she was about as good at it as my regular fellatio-provider, Tracy, who was superb.

Sara was so good, I was close to cumming and she raised up off me, stood up off my wife's wet face, and said, "Okay, Don, you're good and hard, I want Tracy to fuck you while I sit on your face. We're taking care of you like you've never had before."

I pulled off a lounge chair cushion, got down on it, my wife squatted down over me as I lifted my cock to her and she lowered right down enveloping my cock with her wet pussy as she has many times before. Then, Sara swung a leg over me and crouched over me, facing Tracy and began scrubbing my face with her pretty, and very wet, shaved pussy.

Both ends of me were being pleasured greatly, Sara's hot juices were all over my face as she twisted and turned while Tracy fucked me up and down. I could tell once in a while that the two women were also having their own fun with each other's boobs, rubbing, pinching, these two had become more than just next door neighbors.

Who cares, I thought, I'm getting them both. Just how this has all happened, I'm sure will become known to me sooner or later, right now, oh, just enjoy.

Sara got off first, she really just exploded in one hell of an orgasm and fell forward whimpering and shaking and I continued to wipe my tongue back and forth. Tracy was up over me doing her magic on my cock, lifting up over me, just an inch or two inside her, then cycling up and down, just on the tip end of my cock, she knows I love it this way and, yes, it gets me cumming once again as she jams down, driving me all the way inside as she begins twisting back and forth, getting herself off.

They both got up, pulling me up into their shared arms as I kissed them both.

"My, ladies, that was stunning. Not that I'm complaining, oh, no, but how has this all come about?"

"Well, hon, a few months ago, Sara and I, well, we had an afternoon together that somewhat changed our relationship. I'll tell you all about it later, but for now, that's when she and I became lovers."

"Now, Don, don't be upset, I don't want our new relationship to, in any way, lessen your's with Tracy. In fact, I suggested this so you would feel like you're getting even more now out of all this than before."

"Well, I'm not upset, especially after that wonderful welcome home from you both."

"Sara has offered to be with the two of us, adding to our fun together as much as she can."

"What about Norm?"

"Oh, I do need to explain that, I guess," answered Sara, "Norm's not a very sexual guy. He seemed so at first but every year there's less and less sex between us. The last time was, um, April."

Hmm, this was August, I thought, she can't be a very happy person. Too bad. Well, maybe not for me, and, well, not for Tracy, either.

"So, I thought this would certainly perk up our own sex life, which has been pretty good, but I think this just proved it could be a bit spicier, right?" my sweet wife added.

"This 'kicks it up a notch' as that chef guy says on television. That's for sure," I replied as both women hugged me, all our wonderful, naked skin pressed together.

"We were hoping so, hon," Tracy said, "as much as we've enjoyed each other, we both agree that a man's cock can't be replaced. So, you're going to remain in demand from us both. That's if you want to keep fucking us both," smiling at me.

"What man would ever turn that down?"

"Think you're ready for more?" Sara asked.

"Well, my cock's pretty hard, you two have it pretty interested in what you've got to offer," I answered jokingly.

Sara knelt down as she said, "Let's see what we can do to help, here," and slid her lips over my cock and began to suck me. Now, Tracy is an absolute wonder with my cock in her mouth and Sara was just about in her league as well. She was hardening me with every pull.

She backed away, my cock standing hard as she pronounced that I was really for fucking.

I lay back down as she mounted me, jamming down on my cock, taking it all the way up into her, then slowly rocking up and down. Oh, she was tight, really tight.

Tracy swung up over me and brought her cum-glistened pussy lips down to my mouth as I raised my tongue to greet her as she wiped back and forth. I have eaten my wife's lovely pussy countless times, each so pleasurable because it's something she loves so much. She always has her best orgasms from oral.

My hands are on Sara's wonderful new boobs, so firm and supple, her nipples rock-hard as I gently twist them in my fingers as she fucks me up and down. This is incredible, I was thinking, just incredible. If this is how my life continues from now on, well, this is heaven on earth, nothing short of that, for sure.

Then, I felt Tracy's hands on mine, we were both rubbing Sara's new boobs, so I let Tracy take over and I moved my hands up under Tracy to spread her pussy open and immediately began getting moans and groans of intense pleasure as my tongue probed her vaginal opening.

"Oh, god, that's so good. Oh, Don, oh, make me cum, baby, make me cum."

Like I said, Tracy loves her pussy licked and tongued. And I love my cock fucked and Sara was doing me really good. She was taking nice, long strokes up and down the length of me as she said, "Mmm, I love your cock, Don. Does this make you feel good?"

"Ummm, hmmm," I mumbled in agreement, unable to speak with a mouth full of hot, wet pussy. But I'm sure Sara got the message, she sure didn't stop.

From what I could tell, Tracy and Sara were fondling each other's breasts as each one rode me, Tracy on my face, Sara on my cock. Well, three happy people.

Then, Tracy began moaning and smearing her pussy all over my upraised tongue.

"Oh, OH, OH, AAYE, AAYE, MMM, MMM, uh, uh," she shrieked as she cummed, liquid drooling out from her as her pussy convulsed and churned and I pushed my tongue in as far and as hard as I could.

"Oh, god, that's so good, mmm, my pussy feels so good," she gushed as Sara continued to fuck me up and down. The way her vagina was tightening every time she pulled up on me, it wasn't long before I was cumming and she followed me right after.

We all lay there in a fucked-out heap of naked arms and legs until my wife suggested that we take ourselves to the bedroom and our king-sized bed.

She stripped the covers back and we were all in it tangled in each other's arms. Tracy pushed me down and told Sara that they were going to take turns sucking me hard again and I just lay back as I was intensely pleasured by both beautiful women as each of my hands rubbed their wet pussies.

Then Sara said to my wife, "I feel Don's cum leaking out of my pussy, would you take care of that, hon?" and my wife got up and put her face up under her to lick my cum up as it dribbled out of her as she continued to suck me.

No doubt about it, these two were much more than friends. Oh, well, look what it was getting me. Sara was now stroking me up and down as she licked around the crown with her tongue, then she dipped down to suck the head of my cock as she wiggled her pussy over my wife's face.

My cum spurted up into her mouth as she sucked and swallowed every drop, it was wonderful. Then, she lifted off, smiled at me and licked around the little slit which was still exuding small droplets of cum.

Then, Sara groaned as Tracy's tongue brought her to orgasm as she jumped and writhed and mashed down on Tracy.

"UUNH, UUNH, UUH, UUH, mmm, omigod, that is so, so good," she cried as she slipped to the floor and continued to smear her pussy all over Tracy.

We all ended up ensnarled in one another's arms, kissing and feeling each other.

"I think you two have certainly become much more than just friends," I commented.

Tracy replied, "Well, it really started when Sara and I would go shopping together and when we got home, we'd try on each other's purchases. We're the same size, well, except for shoes, and one day we had both had bought some new lingerie. So we were trying on each other's purchases and, well, one thing kind of led to another."

Yeah," Sara added, "I'd bought a new bikini, the white one, if you remember it, and when Tracy tried it on, it just looked so good. I told her she looked good enough to eat."

"Oh, it was funny. I told her that the bikini made me feel sexy enough to be eaten and she gave me this look, right?"

"Oh, did I. I hadn't made love to a woman since I was in college. We all did it back then, it was just the thing to do, not that I didn't have guys I hooked-up with, I did, but there were about six girls that just all got together and had lots and lots of fun. Anyway, I told Tracy she looked delicious to me and she asked me if I really meant it, I said yes and the rest is history."

"A very nice history, too," added my wife.

"Sure is, we've gotten together almost every day since, hope you're not the jealous type, Don, that's why we wanted to include you in everything."

"Well, all I can say is this is my happy day. Both of you, that's just incredible, what can I say?"

We stayed in our bedroom where I watched Tracy and Sara make love to each other, it was really quite beautiful and very erotic. Women sure know how to give each other the maximum of happiness. They spent quite a while pleasuring one another, their orgasms were just magnificent. I was hard as a rock at the end.

They lay there together in each other's arms, kissing, touching, snuggling as they came down from their intense lovemaking.

"You two were beautiful," I said as they lay happily together.

"Come here, hon, it's time for a little man-cock," offered Tracy as they made room for me in the middle.

They both sat up as I lay between them.

"Hmm, pretty hard, might just need a little suck, right, Tracy," Sara told my wife as she bent over to slide her lips over my cock and began sucking.

"You know, hon, Sara and I've talked a lot about this, what's happening tonight, and, as far as I'm concerned, if you want to have sex with Sara without me around, I'm perfectly okay with that. She gets lonely for a nice hard cock and I know that's just how yours is most of the time."

Sara fucked me as Tracy sat over me as I ate her out, this was becoming one of my favorite pastimes on earth, one that I hoped would continue for many years.

She spent the night with Tracy and me and, yes, there was more sex, lots more, it was just terrific.

Norm came home after that and the four of us saw each other but not much was said about our tryst. The effect of that first time with Sara sure energized our sex at home, though, Tracy and I were fucking mostly every night and having some oral fun in between.

From then on, Sara would always spend the night in our bed if Norm was traveling and I would fuck them both, then watch them as they got each other off. It was like having two wives.

At other times, Sara would tell Norm she was going shopping with Tracy, then they would drive around the corner and sneak back to our house for several hours of FMF fun. He just never knew.

So, Sara got her boobs made over and Tracy and I have enjoyed them ever since. Our sex has never been better or more varied. For us, all three.