 Intro...

Hi my name is Sara. I'm 22 years old and bisexual. I am permanently horny 24/7, which is a curse because I have trouble focusing on anything other than sex. I have been reading the stories here at Literotica for a couple of years now because they help to get me off, especially the 'Loving Wives' stories for some strange reason. I'm very broad minded and in to most things except scat (eeuww!). I've been sexually active for a while now, I was definitely an early starter although obviously we can't discuss underage sex here. I've decided to start writing about my sexual exploits here as a creative way to try and deal with my obsession. I hope you will like my efforts.

Sara's Stolen Sex Tape

I was telling my Literotica friend Steve from Sydney Australia, about how I'd lost or, someone had stolen my camcorder whilst on a recent holiday and, that it contained some very explicit material that I keep expecting to turn up on the Internet any day soon.

Anyway I thought you guys might like to hear the story behind it.

If you have read my first story 'Sara at the Nudist Beach', then you will know about my good friend Sue who lives in Tenerife. I have known Sue for a couple of years now and she has become my confidante. I can tell her all of my naughty experiences and share my filthiest fantasies with her without fear of being judged. Mainly because she's all ready done most of the things herself.

On my most recent trip to Tenerife I was having lunch with Sue when she told me about some good friends of hers that were also visiting that week. Joshua and Christina were swinging partners of Sue and her now dear departed husband Dave.

Josh and Chrissie had proposed having a threesome with Sue and wanted to video the event for posterity. Sue thought it would be a great idea if I did the filming. She thought it would make a much better tape if I could move in and do close-ups etc, rather than just plonking the camera on a tripod and letting it run.

I loved the idea and we arranged to meet at Chrissie and Josh's hotel room on the following evening.

Sue picked me up in her little Suzuki jeep and we arrived about 7pm. Chrissie and Josh were lovely. They are very beautiful stylish people who both work in the fashion industry. 

Chrissie is 29 years old, blonde and in amazing shape. Very slim but with a large bosom. She insists they are only a b cup but they look much bigger on her slender frame and are very pert and cheeky.

Josh is tall, well over 6ft. Slim and muscular, he had been a boxer and a model but now does something in the industry that I didn't really understand. 

We had a few glasses of wine to help the mood whilst I got to know this beautiful couple. Sue was already very comfortable in their company as they had shared many experiences together.

When they decided they were ready to start we all moved to the bedroom. We had all brought our own cameras. We decided to set up 2 cameras on tripods to capture the action from different angles and I was to move in and out with my camera getting closeups etc.

The scene started with just Sue and Chrissie kissing by the bed. They very quickly got into the mood and you could feel the genuine passion that they shared for each other. I zoomed in close to get a view of their tongues gently entwining. 

As I zoomed out Chrissie was sliding the spaghetti straps of Sue's white sundress from her shoulders. The dress slowly slipped to the floor revealing Sue in just a pair of very scanty white panties.

Sue is a little older about 35, but she keeps herself in great shape. Her breasts look large and heavy but with just a hint of sagging. She has a slim waist and and a beautiful little heart shaped ass. 

Chrissie was working her way down this lovely body with her tongue. Kissing the neck, shoulders, breasts, down the stomach to the top of the white lace panties. When she got there she halted briefly to take in Sue's warm womanly fragrance.

Then she had her fingers inside the panties and was pulling them to the floor.

When she stood Sue reciprocated by sensually undressing Chrissie to reveal her wonderful body.

The two of them laid on the bed and quickly lost themselves in ecstasy. They were gently caressing each other with their fingers, lips and tongues. I think they totally forgot anyone else was even in the room. The scene was way hotter than I had anticipated and I was beginning to wish I was more than just the camera woman.

I looked over to Josh who was now naked and from the hardness of his beautiful cock ready to join the action. I panned the camera round to his handsome chiseled face, then down over his solid boxer turned model torso, down to his engorged member. 

It wasn't the biggest cock I'd ever seen however it was one of the nicest. Very smooth skinned, no weird blemishes or anything nasty attached or hanging down, and a nice shiny red end that was poking out from the foreskin. He was clean shaven which I always like to see in a man and a woman.

He walked over to stand by the bed slowly wanking his hard cock whilst his beautiful wife made love to my friend Sue. I zoomed the camera in to get a good close up of his lovely lump of manhood, I could see the precum gently oozing from the end, I involuntarily licked my lips at the horny image.

The girls gradually became aware of his presence and breaking their passionate embrace crawled over the bed to meet his red hot cock. Both ladies simultaneously flicked out their tongues to share the oozing precum.

They kissed, their tongues exchanging the fluid between their eager mouths. Josh grabbed each girl by the hair, he began to face fuck them both, alternating between his beautiful wife and Sue. I was zoomed right in on the action and my pussy was beginning to get extremely hot and wet.

Whilst Josh was fucking Sue's mouth, Chrissie slipped from the bed and motioned for me to move around with the camera. She dropped to her knees behind Josh. She parted his ass cheeks with her hands and her pink wet tongue snuck out to lick his asshole.

I zoomed in to get a good close up and then out to take in the whole scene of Josh fucking Sue's mouth whilst his gorgeous wife rimmed his ass. 

Sue managed to tear herself from Josh's strong hands and knelt on the edge of the bed, begging to be fucked doggy style. Josh took a firm grip of her hips and pushed his hard cock into her wet inviting pussy.

Chrissie continued to lick his arsehole whilst Sue bounced herself harder and harder against him.

Eventually the motion became too great for Chrissie to manage to keep her hot tongue in his ass. She then decided to get on the bed in front of Sue. Sue began hungrily lapping at Chrissie's cunt whilst Josh continued to hammer her from behind.

I zoomed in on Sue as she ate out Chrissie's wet pussy. She was lapping in long firm strokes up from her ass, over the perineum, dipping into the wet fleshy folds of her cunt and up to ravage her hard little clit. 

Chrissie's hard pink little clit was cheekily poking out from under the hood just begging to be licked and sucked. Sue didn't disappoint. She sucked that little round nub hard between her lips, then licked it up and down and side to side.

Chrissie was on the verge of cumming. Her face and breasts were flushed red, her breathing had become shallow, and her eyes had screwed tightly shut. I zoomed in to capture this beautiful image of a sexy lady lost in rapture.

I panned back to watch Sue finish the job. She was licking Chrissie's clit fast and hard in sharp little sideways movements, her hands wandered to her breasts and began to pinch the nipples hard, Chrissie was moaning loudly now, getting closer and closer to that magical moment.

Then the waves hit her body and she began to shake violently, her hips and pelvis squirming under Sue's skillful touch, her head was shaking violently side to side, I zoomed out with the camera to take in the whole scene, Chrissie gyrating wildly on the bed, Sue between her legs and Josh fucking Sue from behind.

The sight of his beautiful wife cumming hard from another woman's tongue sent Josh over the edge, he was pounding harder and harder into Sue's wet pussy, slapping hard against the flesh of her little ass, he motioned me in to get a close up and then pulled out his cock to spray a fountain of cum all over Sue's back and ass.

My head was swimming now, this was the horniest thing I'd ever seen and I watch a lot of porn. My cunt juices were literally dribbling down my thighs.

Apparently sensing my predicament Chrissie said 'Oh poor Sara are you OK sweetheart? You look very flushed. Do you need to cum too baby girl? Josh why don't you take the camera so that Sara can have some fun too'.

Josh walked over his now limp penis dangling before him. He took the camera and kissed me hard on the lips. My knees actually buckled a little. 

Josh started up the camera and Chrissie got off the bed and came towards me.

She kissed me tenderly where her husband's rough kiss had bruised the sensitive skin of my wet pink lips just moments before. Her hands slid down my sides over the ticklish spot just above my hips that always makes me squirm, down to the hem of my little yellow sundress. Taking the hem she pulled the dress up over my body revealing first my little matching yellow panties, then my naked hips and waist, up over my big firm tits and then pulling it free over my head. Josh whistled appreciatively as my body was fully revealed to him. Then Sue was behind me, she was kissing my back and slipping my panties down. I was stood facing Josh with the camera and I could sense him zooming in on my shaven pussy.

The ladies led me to the bed and laid me down between them. Whilst Sue was kissing my face, my lips, my eyes and nibbling my earlobes, Chrissie was nuzzling my breasts, taking one nipple then the other into her hot mouth, licking with her tongue, and nibbling gently with sharp little teeth. 

She moved down to play with my naval piercing with her tongue, again teasing the sensitive areas just above my hips, then down, down until I could finally enjoy the feel of her hot breath on my pussy.

Sue moved down to replace Chrissie at my breast. Whilst she licked and sucked at my breast and caressed and stroked my eager young body, I finally felt Chrissie's wet tongue on my clit. I shuddered under the touch of these two older experienced women.

Chrissie lapped and sucked on my clit. Soon she had two fingers inserted into my wet cunt and was sliding them in and out. I was in heaven. I was writhing under her touch, grinding my pelvis into her face. 

Then I felt a touch at my back door. Chrissie's little finger was gently stroking and nudging at my forbidden playground. The juices from my cunt had obviously dribbled down and lubricated the area and I felt her finger slide in easily. 

Chrissie picked up the pace, with Sue still sucking on my tits, she began to ram her fingers harder and harder into my cunt and ass, all the while flicking at my hard clit with her skilled tongue.

My orgasm was hard and long when it came. My whole body shook. I was aware of my muscles spasming around Chrissie's skillful fingers. I was struggling to breathe and it felt as though my head would explode from the intensity. 

The fog finally lifted and I returned to earth to see three smiling faces looking down at me. It was like waking from a dream.

'Wow! That was one hell of an orgasm sweetheart' laughed Chrissie.

'You're telling me' I chuckled 'you should have been on the receiving end'. 

Everyone laughed and then Sue said 'It looks like our little fella is all ready to go again'. All three of us ladies looked directly at Josh's penis in eager anticipation. It was standing at full attention again and looked delicious. 

I was the first to it and Josh continued filming whilst I finally got my mouth around his gorgeous cock. I was sucking and slurping for all I was worth trying to deep throat him the way Sue had tried to teach me on previous occasions. I still couldn't manage it without gagging.

Then Chrissie was taking over the camera. 'Sweetheart, you know Sue is the only one that didn't get to cum yet, I think you should fuck her again.'

With that Sue laid back on the bed and Josh entered her in the missionary position. He was fucking her hard and she was writhing beneath him, soon she was cumming for him. Josh kept his cock in her until her orgasm had finished and then he said 'Sara I'd really love to fuck those big tits of yours is that OK?'

'Fine by me' I chuckled.

I replaced Sue on the bed and Josh straddled my chest, his lovely cock swinging tantalizingly in front of my face. He placed it between my big tits and I pushed them together to form a tunnel for him to fuck. 

He began gyrating back and forth, as his shiny wet knob popped out the top I would flick out my tongue tasting his salty precum. He began to build up a good momentum. Chrissie handed him the camera, and the girls positioned themselves either side of me.

They began to egg him on a little.

'Oh Josh do you like fucking Sara's big boobies?'

'Do they feel all soft and squishy around your hard cock?'

'Cum on baby fuck her tits hard. Harder, faster you slacker. It's a long time since you fucked someone so young and pretty you'd better make the most of it' laughed Chrissie.

With their words ringing in his ears Josh pushed on harder and faster, I could feel his cock begin to rub my tender flesh burning and stinging, then he was grunting loudly and a big dollop of his salty jizz hit me square in the face, then more and more splashed on my neck and chest.

I felt him relax, he still had the camera running and capturing his cum as it splashed all over me, then Sue and Chrissie were licking the cum off me and kissing me sharing the salty cum between our three hot slutty mouths.

So that's what happened, if you do come across a tape like that on the Internet let me know I'd love to watch it back.