 I lay with my eyes closed as everyone mingles around the table. A strange calm flows through me despite the hungry eyes on me, examining every inch of my body, turning me on more than I've ever known I could be. The reaction I'd normally have is run for cover but I can't, I don't want to. 

I feel something cold being placed on my stomach and soon fruits and salad are being placed all over me. My entire body starts being touched and rubbed as people take their turns dressing me in gourmet clothing. 

A shiver washes over me as a cold lettuce leaf is placed over each of my breasts. A slice of top pear is slip up my side before being placed into my mouth. An anonymous man whispers in my ear telling me to hold it in place. 

The unknown man reveals to me his robust cheeky face for an instant as he leans to take the pear from my mouth with his own. He bites away the pear that protrudes from my lips, its juices making my mouth water. Before I realise the strangers fruity kiss devours my lips and without restraint I kiss him passionately in return.

As he breaks the kiss my mind returns to the wandering hands, my body is a free for all. Tongues glide across my skin, a bite for every one of my appendages, fingers probe my every hole as the food that surrounded me to begin with is placed on me and in me is hastily consumed and replaced. 

Some sick twisted part of my mind has taken control and I just can't get enough. Somehow it feels erotic to me, my impulse to enjoy what is to come the only thing keeping me to the table. My body working with this new found darkside of my mind, traitorous to my instinctive response as I lay here on display, naked, and very vulnerable. 

I tense up each time my body, each time my pussy is touched, yet I only grow wetter. I shudder with each mouth to my nipples yet the sound that escapes my lips inspires the group to keep going, taking the explorations of me further. 

I feel something cold maybe applesauce or pudding being pored over my sex, and down my legs followed by, from what I could tell, maybe 5 tongues. Lapping gently, cleaning me thoroughly. A squeak spills from my mouth as a warm wet tongue dances over my sphincter.

Fingers run through my hair and I hear her voice, "Open your eyes, and see them devouring your body. You look so beautiful right now." I open my eyes, I'm not sure for how long they've been closed, only receptive to sounds, tastes and touches.

"This is so humiliating." I say to her as I close my eyes again instantly consumed by my normal self consciousness. She can't refrain from chuckling. "No beautiful, that is how you think you should feel. This is an act of endearment. They are accepting you as their own," the sweet stranger purrs before kissing me. 

I open my eyes again as she breaks the kiss, doing as she told me. I watch her blend back into the sea of faces, that's when I notice them all moaning with me. Possibly 30 strangers all pleasuring themselves and each other on and around the table where I lay while they work in whatever way they can to pleasure me. 

A rather plump man bends over me to lap at my pussy, licking me, cleaning me although he'd opted not to cover me in foodstuffs. He gently starts fingering me, more subtle than others have been tonight. I moan freely as he puts more pressure on my clit with his tongue. 

The sounds I emit slightly exaggerated to show my eagerness for him to take me harder. It must have worked because soon my false moans are replaced by the real thing. It feels so good and my hips begin to buck as his hands move as rapidly as his tongue. 

A velvety soft hand takes mine, a tall tanned brunette smiling warmly down at me as I look to who it belongs to. She leads my hand and manipulates my fingers around someone's rock hard member. I look to see who wields this lengthy shaft while the brunette coaxes my hand to stroke it with her. My eyes fall on the buxom young owner. A somewhat shy 20 something year old with a tattoo of a dragon sprawled across his firm looking bare torso. 

I take the lead off the gorgeous dark skinned brunette and stroke the muscular young stud, milking him gently trying to gauge his enjoyment from his facial expressions as I'm unable to pinpoint one voice amongst the moans of many. The brunette lass kisses me softly before disappearing into the crowd.

I look for Samantha before I'm distracted by someone forcing me to take another dick in my other hand. I'd hope to get a chance to pleasure her as she had pleased me but I begin to work the second similar sized shaft, stroking them evenly trying to measure the same speed. The second rod came from a slightly larger lad. I couldn't make light of his face as his tongue is engaged in a passionate battle with another male. 'Where are the women,' I think to myself.

Coincidently I feel someone clamber on to the table and look up to see Samantha kneeling beside me. She leans forward to whisper in my ear, temporarily stunned for a moment by a sharp slap on her bottom. She shoots a smile to the tattooed young stud I'm wanking, a thank you for the spank, before turning back to me. "My turn beautiful, Chris says I taste as good as you," she purrs in my ear.

I'm unsure of what my facial expression was but Samantha took it as permission as she gently climbs atop my face. She shifts her knees to position her glistening vertical smile mere inches from my eager tongue. She looks down at me with a smile of pure devilish delight. "I'm going to fuck your face so fucking hard," an evil chuckle present in her voice. 

She lowers herself to my lips and begins pumping, rocking her pelvis and I stick out my tongue to taste her juices. She tastes incredibly sweet like my own taste only slightly different. I hold my tongue rigid against her mound allowing her to control the tempo and me to focus on the cocks I'd managed to keep working through the change up. 

With Samantha fucking my face as promised, I can no longer see anything but her bouncing breasts and silky white thighs. The hands and mouths paying attention to my own box disappear abruptly leaving me feeling unsatisfied and confused. I try not to focus on the lack of satisfaction and do my best to satisfy.

My negative thoughts fade more to what my hands and mouth are doing, alternating strokes with each arm trying to make it as enjoyable as possible for them even though my arms are growing tired. I try to wriggle my tired tongue against Samantha's clit as she rides me relentlessly. 

I feel strong rough hands part my thighs seconds before I feel a 3rd shaft sticky with precum pressing gently against my opening. I wanna see who is about to fuck me but I'm covered by Samantha sweet pussy. I try focusing on what I am doing but the sensation is too much as the short girthy dick forces inside me. 

Samantha starts moving her hips harder and faster rubbing her clit with her other hand. In seconds I can feel her orgasm flowing over my lips, into my mouth and all over my face. I've never known a woman to cum like this without being a full fledged squirter like the pornos my ex used to watch. In recovery Samantha moves her pussy away from my face slightly. I look up and realize that it wasn't her hand rubbing her clit but another man.

He was kissing her intently, most likely the whole way through her orgasm. He takes his hand from between Samantha's legs and puts it to her mouth so as to share with her, her juices. She moans as the duo lick and suck Samantha's Juices from his hand and like so many times before, with a kiss he disappears into the sea of faces. 

I can't help but crave more, I've been called so many vulgar names for my fascination with cum swapping by people closest to me. It's always been a major fetish of mine but I figured I must have just been a weirdo, accepting just one of the many insults I've received for my kink. I never knew one day I'd be in a room full of people eager to taste and share each other with one another. The thoughts in my head are shattered in an instant when I feel my stomach sprayed with a hot sticky load from the man who'd taken a claim on my pussy. 

I haven't finished yet, normally I would have twice maybe 3 times with this guy's stamina but the distractions I'm surrounded with must have numbed my senses. Or maybe it was he didn't last long at all, it just seemed to last ages. Before I could figure out which it was someone else has taken his place. With Samantha still blocking my view I can only guess based on sensory indicators. 

The latest to take my pussy has softer, colder hands than the last but a much rougher demeanor. My hips almost dislocate when my knees are lifted and spread in one swift forceful move. My knees almost touch the tabletop on which I lay at right angles to my body, further than I've ever been stretched before. 

Oh the irony of that thought.

"Oooohhhh fuuuuuccccckkkkk!!" I scream as the largest cock I've ever endured enters my immediately sore box. I let go of the dicks either side of me that I'd somehow managed to maintain a grip on. I'm not sure if I was still giving them pleasure or just holding them too tightly for them to withdraw. 

My hands now free I claw for Samantha to get off me. My harsh breaths have a squeak to them as I'm gradually impaled on this monster shaft. I can't believe my eyes as samantha gets down. I'd expected to see a mountain of a man in my nether regions but on the contrary I'm now face to face with a petite blonde donning an evil smile and humongous strap on. 

The tiny fair haired woman between my legs moans with me as the bumps on the inside of the strap on stimulate her. My tightness around the novelty like sized rubber dick providing enough resistance to apply the needed pressure on her. Samantha leans over the table to kiss me before whispering in my ear. "Ashley knows what she's doing, just relax and enjoy it," Samantha's voice a whole new level of sultry. 

I want to tell her I can't take it. I want to scream it's too big. I want to feel what it's like to take the whole thing. With white knuckles I cling on to the table for dear life. Another inch slides delicately into me before I feel Ashley's torso against mine. "I wish I could feel how tight this bitch is," Ashley's voice shrill and somewhat demonic piercing my ears. "It's so fucking big," I shout back over the sexual ambience filled hall. 

Samantha has moved her lips and teeth to my engorged nipples, stopping briefly at intervals to whisper words of encouragement. I hear a muffled gasp escape her lips and see she now has someone fucking her from behind. She retreats from her work on my nipples to bring her head next to mine. Her breath warm on my cheek, her moans so loud in my ear, the masculine hands that replaced Samantha's mouth all turning me on even more, all working together to bring on the tsunami of an orgasm about to tear me to shreds. 

The hands on my nipples belong to an exceptionally well kept Nelly lookalike. His ice white teeth shine through his million dollar smile as he climbs onto the table with me and straddles my chest as if he wanted to fuck my chest and mouth. 

"I think you owe me one Samantha," the overly toned man's voice deeper than distant thunder. Samantha turns her head replying eagerly to the man I now know only as Jerr. He takes a fist full of Samantha's rose hair in one hand guiding her mouth to his thinner 7 inch veiny manhood. The sight of Samantha deepthroating Jerr before my eyes brings out my inner whore. "Suck him bitch," I hiss to Samantha in a voice I didn't recognise as my own, "take it all down your throat." 

In turn this prompted Ashley to kick it up a gear. Her slow tedious strokes have accustomed my once tight little pussy to the monstrous length inside me allowing Ashley to now fuck me in a manner more like her initial treatment of me. She puts as much weight as her tiny frame could provide on my knees forcing my legs further apart and adjusts herself into a better position.

Now Ashley has moved into a more missionary kind of position, she writhes her hips, slamming her pelvis against mine hard and fast. My flowing juices lubricating the half of the shaft she's able to use. She is only able to withdraw the bottom half of her fuck toy in each stroke leaving a full 5 inches constantly inside me. 

Samantha and I rapidly approach orgasm together. Her moans suffocated by the shaft being rammed down her throat. Her orgasm arrives and she draws her head off Jerr to breathe through her own shuddering climax. I can see in his eyes Jerr is close too. He grips his manhood firmly and jerks it rapidly in my face. My gaping mouth an invitation for him more than a vent for the screams eluding me he takes hold of my hair. 

As the large black dick is being held up to my mouth I come to realise what he's planning. He slaps my lips with his cock and I open my mouth willingly. I want to finish him before I cum. I force him inside my mouth and start to blow him as best I can with my limited experience. He starts fucking my mouth harder to meet the rhythm I've set a grunt of forced restraint with each thrust. 

It was this exact moment I thought I couldn't feel anymore full when again I'm proven wrong. A well lubricated finger presses gently into my virgin ass and I go nuclear. An orgasm that to any witness would have appeared more like a seizure attacks me. 

The nymph fucking my pussy is pumping so hard I could fly off the table if Jerr hadn't been on my chest and holding my hair. Ashley's utterly relentless even through my convulsions. I realise her actions are caused only by her own orgasm clashing with my own. Jerr releases my hair abruptly and emits a growling baritone roar as he ejaculates heavily over my face. The warm goo splashes into my mouth and eyes and I savour his salty jizz. Samantha now recovered, she kissed me sloppily tasting Jerr's cum in and all over my mouth and face. Lapping up the white marble facial I've just received.

Several men still gathered around primed and ready. Each stroking their cock furiously as if in a race to bath me in there fluids. Like a human 21 gun salute it they almost simultaneously release their hot loads all over my body and the smell of sex washes over all my senses. 

I lay there in my cum drenched post orgasmic bliss, looking around as the crowd dissipates slowly as each finishes what they've set out to achieve. Sexually spent they retreat and collapse into comfortable conversation on the seats and lounges around the room as if nothing out of the ordinary had happened. Some people had even started getting dressed in the midst of everyday chit chat. Yet here I am basting in ejaculate and disbelief, not knowing my next step, having no idea what I need to do.

I search the bustling room for Sir and spot him on a couch laughing with eyes ablaze, talking to a little chubby brunette man. Our eyes lock, his stare is intense almost as if he is mad, and turned on all at once. He breaks eye contact with me and looks to someone else signalling to them. I look to see who drew his attention from me but missed the mark. I turn back to look at Sir, and he is gone. 

Lurch walks over and picks me up as if I weigh no more than a feather. Exhaustion has washed over me completely and I close my eyes as he carries me through unfamiliar halls of massive building. He carries me over the threshold of an immaculate bathroom. He gently sets me down to lay in a ready drawn tub of hot bubbly water, the heat sending shocks through my entire body on contact. The water feels good on my sore worked over muscles, especially my nether regions.

I look into the masculine butler's eyes as if he were my savior before dropping my gaze to study my surroundings. The grand bathroom dressed in all white except for the black marble flooring. The bath in which I lay is the biggest Jacuzzi tub I've ever seen but doesn't look out of place in the elegant washroom. 

Lurch reaches for a bright bottle of body wash and squeezes some onto a cloth. Immediately it's mint and cucumber fragrances fills the steam filled room. Again, as if an everyday thing, even though it's completely new and strange to me, he begins washing me as if I were as delicate as a petal.

In my exhausted state I don't even care to fight it, but as he starts washing my privates I become more aware of my body. This feels very intimate, to intimate. No one has ever washed me before my mind snaps back to reality. "I can't do this." I tell him as I'm reaching for the cloth. His look changes as I hurt him in some way. "No, please let me. It's my pleasure to serve you." I retract my hand but watch him with cautious eyes. 

He seems to be able to sense my discomfort and worked slowly gradually building my trust in him not to violate me while talking to me calmly and precisely informing me of his each move before it were made. Within minutes he could have placed his hands anywhere on my body and I would not have thought anything of it, trusting him and adapting to his ways as I have done too many times this evening. 

After washing my body he drains the water and reaches for a towel to dry me off. Again all I could do was stand and allow the gorgeous man to his work drying me thoroughly with a soft white towel. 

He then gently picks me up and carries me across the hall to a guest room. He places me on the bed, the comforter is white and feels so soft against my body. Lurch reaches for a brush and begins to brush my hair. It feels good, and my eyes are heavy. With each stroke my world grows more blurred before the emptiness of sleep consumes me.