 Sara came home from work late, tired and cranky. It had been a long day at the end of a long week, and her feet hurt as she kicked off her shoes at the door and slumped into her favorite chair, her briefcase dropped at her side. 

Jeff, her husband, saw her sitting there from the kitchen. "Rough day?" He asked. 

"I don't even want to talk about it." She said. Both in their 30's, they had only been married a few years. But they got along well and shared similar tastes where it really mattered.

"Have you had dinner?" Jeff asked. He was tall, with brown eyes, and broad shoulders that Sara loved to cuddle against. He still played softball on a league in the weekends, and was in good shape.

"I had a late lunch. I'm not very hungry," she replied. "I just want to take a long bath and go to bed." 

Jeff looked at Sara's black hair, her sharp elfin eyes and lips, her olive skin, and smiled. "Sounds like a good idea. Why don't you go run the bath and I'll make you a drink."

Sara smiled for the first time in hours. "Ok. Sounds good. Thanks." And that was all that needed to be said for now. 

As she ran the bath, she felt better just by having Jeff be so kind. She took off her clothes and, standing in her bra and panties, added some bubbles to the steaming water. She took the undergarments off next, slipped into the hot wet warmth of the tub, and immediately felt her aching muscles relax. She sighed. A moment later, Jeff entered. He carried a large martini glass with a blue liquid in it. "Blue?" Sara asked, smirking. "What did you make this time?" 

"A Blueberry Cosmo," Jeff replied.

"Mmm. Sounds good," she said, and took the drink with a hand half-covered in suds.

Jeff left and came back a minute later with a boombox and some candles. "I think you could use this tonight," he said, and turned on a CD of soft electronic music for her. He then lit the candles and turned off the lights. "Now relax and enjoy." Sara giggled at all the attention. Jeff smiled and left.

In the dim candlelight, snug in her warm bath, relaxing to the gentle music, she closed her eyes and finally began to really feel good. She thought of how terribly sweet Jeff was being and that she would have to give him an extra-special thank-you in bed tonight. She smiled devilishly at the thought, her eyes still closed. Hmm. She was beginning to wish he would come in the bathroom and join her right then and there. She reached down in the water and began to slowly caress her nipples, then one hand traveled further down to her clit. She rubbed her clit stud and let out a soft moan. Oh, the things she was gonna do to that man tonight...once she got her hands on him, of course.

Eventually the water grew cool, so she got out of the tub and dried off, feeling revitalized and, needless to say, horny. She planned what she would do to Jeff: Go out there to the living room, wearing nothing but a towel and a smile, climb up on his lap on the sofa, shoving her tits in his face while rubbing the crotch of his jeans...oh, she was going to drive him wild, and she grinned slyly at herself in the mirror as she brushed her hair.

She turned off the CD and blew out the candles, and, wrapped in only the towel, she walked out into the hall. She listened but the TV was not on in the living room. The house, in fact, was quiet. 

"Jeff?" She called down the hall towards the living room and kitchen.

"In here," was his reply from the bedroom down the other end of the hall. 

She opened the bedroom door and saw that Jeff had beaten her to the punch. The room was dark except for one dim light, shaded by the pink cloth she liked to use to create their bedroom mood. More soft music was playing, and Jeff was lying naked on the bed. His cock was still soft, but still impressive, and he had shaved it and his balls smooth. He had a little hair on his chest and legs, but not much. Sara liked that. He wasn't terribly muscular, but had a good shape, and Sara noted how the light played off the slight definition of his shoulders that she loved so much. He smiled as he saw the look of surprise on her face. Then she smiled back, that same devilish smile as before, and dropped her towel to the floor. Jeff looked at her lovely figure, which she kept trim by jogging every morning, and her skin, soft from the hot bath, her tight tits and shaved pussy and full hips, and his cock twitched.

"I see we have the same thing in mind," she said, and as he began to speak, she playfully jumped onto him on the bed, wrapping her arms and legs around him. They kissed passionately, and rolled around a little bit. She could feel him getting hard against her leg. "I was going to surprise you," she said finally, "but you beat me to it."

"You'll find I am full of surprises tonight," Jeff said, and pulled out a satin blindfold from behind his pillow. 

Sara raised one eyebrow and giggled. "Oh, really?" She said, "Well, this night could get interesting." She kissed Jeff again and he slipped the blindfold over her eyes. 

"Now lie back and relax," he said. 

In the darkness of the blindfold, Sara felt her head rest against her pillow as he lay flat on her back on the bed. She trembled in pleasure as Jeff kissed and licked her neck, her breasts, her navel. Then she felt Jeff slip something soft and fabric-like over her right hand. Before she could say anything, she felt it go tight, and she realized it was a soft rope. She gasped with expectation. She was not expecting this, but she was excited that it was happening. He slipped another rope over her other hand, and it too went tight; snug but not painful. Then he did her feet, teasingly licking down her thighs as he moved down that way. Not being able to see what he was doing heightened the sensations and anticipation. She was now snugly bound to the bed, her arms and legs splayed out, her eyes blindfolded, and she was dripping wet. "Please," she pleaded, "please, honey. Please fuck me."

In response, she felt Jeff's strong fingers firmly rub her clit and she groaned in pleasure. She felt his breath on her neck, and he softly said, "I will, darling, I will. But just a minute." And then she could feel he stood up off the bed and walked away.

"Just a MINUTE?!" Sara called out after him. But he had left the room. She wasn't angry, not really, but oooh, she was so frustrated at that moment. He had gotten her completely horny and worked up and tied up and blindfolded and then he LEAVES THE ROOM? Ok, now she WAS getting a little upset, and her mood was being broken. What on earth could have been so important at that moment?

A woman's voice said, "My, my, what have we here?" 

It was soft, and gentle, and sophisticated. The woman was obviously smiling as she spoke. She sounded younger, though, in her twenties.

Sara froze. She didn't know what to say at the moment. But she was immediately turned on again, even more than before. Jeff had invited a woman to join them? 

"Looks like a damsel in distress." A man's voice said. He also sounded in his twenties, a rich voice, not too deep, but also sounding kind and with humor in his expression. 

Still, this was too many surprises, and Sara choked out, "Uh, Jeff..." But then she felt him lie on the bed next to her again. His breath warm on her neck. 

"This is one of the guys from the softball team, hon. And his wife. They are both REALLY hot, too." He said this with a smirk in his voice. Then soft again. "They're undressing right now. I wish you could see them."

"Yessss." Sara said. Then, "which friend from the team?" Sarah had met them all, and many of their wives, but to be honest she couldn't place these voices with faces. At least not yet. 

"You'll find out soon enough," Jeff said. "For now, don't worry about it." That playful voice again. "Oh, but," he added, "she has red hair." Sara smiled at bit her lip. Who the hell had red hair that was a wife of one of his friends?! Oh well, didn't matter right now! She pushed her head up to kiss him, his lips met hers and they kissed passionately. She loved him so much for knowing her fantasies and providing them for her in this way.

Sarah was dripping again now. The excitement not only of playing with another couple, but not knowing exactly who they were was too much for her. She wriggled at her ropes, wishing someone would please, PLEASE fuck her or lick her or something, NOW!

Suddenly she felt soft fingers on her hips, and a tongue lapping at her clit piercing, and she groaned and her hips bucked. Oh, that felt SO good! Sara instinctively knew it was the girl who had just gone down on her. She then heard the girl say, "Mmmmm," and then continue licking her folds. The men were close by. They began to touch and kiss and caress Sara's naked body, spread out on the bed before them. They gently ran their fingers through the other woman's long red hair, encouraging her as she buried her face between Sara's legs, eating her ravenously. Within minutes Sara—who had been ready to come since just about the time Jeff tied her up in the first place—exploded loudly in a huge orgasm, the redhead's tongue licking her clit the entire time. 

As Sara panted and caught her breath, the redhead came up to her knees and wiped her chin with the back of her hand. "Mmmmm," she said, "that was delicious. I needed that." 

Sara, content with her first orgasm but not yet nearly satiated, pulled at her bondage and said, firmly, "I want to taste you. Feed me." No one knew exactly to whom she was addressing, but everyone was happy to oblige. The boys were closest, and, kneeling over her face, one at each side, dipped their cocks towards her open mouth. Their cock heads rubbed against each other, and Sara licked them both. Then Jeff shifted his weight and, leaning against his buddy for support, slipped his cock into Sara's willing mouth. She closed her wet lips over it and took it in with a satisfying "Mmmmm." Still unable to see, Sara felt the other man's cock rub her cheek, and she turned her head to take it in. Jeff's cock left her mouth with a pop, and then she opened wide to take in the new one. It was a little fatter than Jeff's, with a nice mushroom head. It tasted very clean and smooth. She took it in as much as she could.

The men took turns feeding her this way for a few minutes while the strange woman rubbed and licked Sara's breasts. Sara could tell the men had to be right against to each other in order to feed her like this. But what else were they doing? Were they touching each other? Kissing each other? She had to see. And she had to have that woman, as well. Whoever she was.

"Please," Sara eventually said, after several minutes of cocksucking. "Please untie me. Please let me see. Please."

"Ok, honey," She heard Jeff say. First her legs were untied, and she stretched them around. A moment later, her right hand was free, and before the other one was even loosened, she tore off the blindfold. She saw sitting before her on the bed a blonde man with a cute smile, definitely in his twenties, completely smooth body, great abs, and a lovely hard 8" cock with a big head on the end. Sara now recognized him as the team shortstop, Sean. Jeff was untying the last restraint. And peeking out from behind Sean, her hand on his shoulder, looking shyly around at Sara, was a gorgeous pale-skinned woman with lush long red hair, small breasts and full curves. 

"You remember Sean?" Jeff said, as he threw the ropes onto a chair and sat back down on the bed next to his wife. "But I don't think you ever met his wife, Chris."

"Hi." Chris said, and buried her smile into Sean's shoulder.

"Hi," said Sara back, stunned at the beauty of this woman before her, and a little speechless at meeting these people AFTER having had some sex with them already. 

There was an awkward pause, and Chris said "Um, well...now what?"

Sara snapped out of her reverie and wasted no more time. "Come here," she said to Chris, and reached around Sean towards her. Sean moved to the side and both women embraced into a passionate and long kiss, their hands exploring each other's breasts and pussies. Jeff sat at the head of the bed and Sean joined him. They sat close against each other and watched their wives kiss and touch. Sara was in ecstasy with Chris. Chris' skin was soft and her kisses sweet, and her pussy—Sara could feel a small patch of red hair just above it as she fingered it's folds—was warm and moist like liquid velvet. She began to move down Chris' body, licking and sucking her nipples for a moment as Chris ran her fingers through Sara's hair. Then Sara kissed her small belly and groin and finally reached her red mound of hair and she shoved her mouth on her clit and began sucking and licking as Chris arched backward until she was lying flat on her back with her legs pulled up and open so Sara could lick and suck her pussy clean. Chris moaned and groaned as Sarah lapped at her for many minutes, and finally Chris came with a large loud moan and, exhausted, lowered her legs to the bed again. Sara climbed back up Chris' body and they kissed. 

"That," Chris said, breathless, "was amazing. Thank you."

"Thank YOU," Sara said, nuzzling Chris's chest between her chin and breasts. It was then she finally remembered their husbands, who she realized had been patiently watching them for who knows how long now. She turned and looked towards the head of the bed, expecting to see the men staring at the women and playing with themselves. What she saw was the two of them locked into a 69 across the top of the bed, with Jeff on the bottom, getting his face fucked by Sean's big smooth cock. Sean had Jeff's thighs locked in his elbows as he furiously bobbed up and down on Jeff's equally smooth cock, stopping from time to time to jack it with his hand, rub it on his face, and begin sucking again. Both men were moaning and groaning like crazy, although not too loudly. She wondered how she missed it before. But then again, she had been very focused on Chris, and they had both been making a lot of noise themselves.

It was so sexy watching Jeff suck another man's cock. She and Chris sat up, still gently holding each other, their eyes transfixed on their husbands. Sara was terribly turned on by seeing these two hot men suck on each other so hungrily. This was even hotter than the gay and bisexual porn she and Jeff sometimes watched together. She reached over and began massaging Jeff's ass and asshole. She wet her fingers and slipped one into her husband. He groaned in pleasure, his mouth too full to say anything comprehensible. She knew he liked this, and that the sensation of being sucked and fucked at the same time sent Jeff over the edge. Once he got loosened up, she stuck in another finger. She was thinking about putting her strap-on on and fucking him good, but she didn't want to take her eyes off the two men locked in their cocksucking frenzy. Chris moved to behind her husband and began licking his ass and balls. Sean moaned appreciatively.

Before long the men stopped and Sean rolled off Jeff. Jeff was reluctant to stop sucking Sean's cock. Jeff wanted Sean to come on his mouth something terrible. But that could wait. He could see his wife shocked and hot by watching him and Sean together. He and Sean had watched Sara go down on Chris for a while, sitting against each other and rubbing each other's cocks for a few minutes, until Jeff had finally gone down on Sean's cock and eventually the two ended up in their strong 69. But now, seeing his wife again, he wanted to fuck her and knew she wanted the same. She lay down and spread herself before him, and he lay on top of her and entered her. 

Her pussy felt so good around his cock, warm and wet. She was equally excited to finally get some cock in her tonight. They both groaned in pleasure. "You having a good time, baby?" Jeff asked Sara.

"Oh, yeah, honey," she said in return, and they kissed as they fucked.

Sean had laid down on the bed next to them, and Chris had straddled his cock. She rode him and touched her tits as she watched Jeff's ass go up and down, Sara's legs wrapped around him. 

Jeff was getting ready to come, but he didn't want to yet. He knew exactly how he wanted it to go. "Come here, baby," he said, turned her around, and pulled Sara's ass up in the air towards him. He mounted her from behind. She felt tighter this way, and it was good to be up off his belly. He could thrust more freely this way. "Chris, lick us," he said, softly but resolutely. Chris laid down on her back and put her head between Jeff's legs. He and Sara felt Chris' wet tongue lick both the shaft of his cock and her pussy and clit as he thrust in and out of her. It heightened the sensation for both of them. "Sean, I want you to come on my face," Jeff said next. Sara's pussy contracted at the words. Sean stood up against the headboard in front of the mounted couple, and stepped around and over Sara to feed Jeff his cock. Jeff took it in eagerly and began sucking. Everyone was moaning and groaning. It only took a few minutes of the incredible sensation of fucking Sara, being licked by Chris, and sucking Sean—plus the sounds and smells of hot sex permeating the room—for Jeff to reach his limit for tolerance. It all felt so good and he absolutely LOVED to come with a cock in his mouth, and so suddenly he began to cum and shoot all over inside Sara. He groaned loudly with Sean's fat wet cockhead still firmly lodged in his mouth, and sucked all the more as he came. Some of his come leaked out of Sara and he could feel Chris lick it off his shaft and her pussy. Then suddenly Sean began to moan loudly and Jeff reached up and jacked Sean' cock off into his open mouth and all over his face. His cock slipped out of Sara as he did this and Chris quickly deep throated it, sucking all the cum off of it. Likewise, once Sean had stopped cumming and bucking his hips, Jeff hungrily opened his mouth and said, forcibly, "Feed me." Sean leaned in and Jeff lovingly sucked and licked all the remaining cum off his cock, although most of it was on his face and tongue already.

Finally, Chris sat up and Sara plopped down on her belly on the bed, and sighed and laughed, and everyone else relaxed and began to move again as well. They all laid down next to each other in the big bed, cuddled close, and laughed again. 

"Well," Sara said with a air of happy satisfaction, "this was an unexpected surprise."

"But I hope a pleasant one?" Asked Jeff.

She just smiled a huge smile and kissed him, and they all snuggled in their big happy naked pile.