 Daniel and I had been together almost a year. I had moved to Portland for a teaching job and didn't know anyone, but had hooked up with Daniel in the spring of my first year at the high school. He'd come into my classroom to recruit students for summer jobs maintaining trails in the city parks. He was handsome with his brown eyes and golden hair, and he was smart and funny without being cynical and his professional life was devoted to making a difference in kids' lives. I couldn't help but fall for him.

Daniel was a Portland native, and I fell into his group of friends. When the weather was good, we hiked and kayaked and mountain biked all around the Columbia Gorge and over to the coast. During the winter about once a month, we met with another couple. They had all known each other in college. At his place or theirs, we'd have dinner and then watch corny comedies and the occasional foreign flick when one of us was feeling the need for greater intellectualism than the Airplane series could offer.

The evening that changed my relationship to Daniel and his friends, Jamie had cooked an excellent dinner and we settled down on their huge, soft, couch. Jamie and Steve had rented "Y Tu Máma También". I had heard it was good, and was excited to watch something in Spanish because as a teacher in an urban school I was always trying to practice my skills, reaching out to as many students as possible.

The movie took me by surprise. It was in Spanish, all right, but opened up right away with a young couple having sex. You could see his penis and her pubic hair. The movie was a comedy too, but it was the closest thing to pornography that I had ever seen. It was so much about sex that as I was leaning against Daniel I was busily making plans for seducing him when I got home. Daniel's arm was stretched out against the back of the couch and he let it fall to my collarbone. I looked up to kiss his smooth jaw and then he let his hand fall further. He squeezed my breast.

"Stop!" I whispered with embarrassment, my entire side tingling from his touch.

"I'm not stopping," he whispered back. He grinned, and circled my breast and fingered my nipple, which hardened.

"Jamie and Steve!" I hissed, with a quick jerk of my chin in their direction.

"I don't think they mind too much," he said. "Look at them."

With Daniel's hand still pinching my nipple, I turned my head over my shoulder and saw that Jamie's head was in Steve's lap. His khaki pants were open and his penis was out, completely erect. His penis seemed thicker than Daniel's. It was darker. Jamie was kissing and licking the tip and then she took him in her mouth, her hand gripping the base, squeezing it up and down. Steve was caressing her lower back, his hand under her light blouse.

I froze. Daniel felt it.

"Sarah, it's ok. Relax." He took his hand off my breast and moved it to my neck and gently massaged the base of my head.

My thoughts were spinning. I had gone from watching the movie and fantasizing about sex with Daniel to a situation that I had no familiarity with.

"Are you ok?" Daniel asked.

I had not turned back around to see Jamie and Steve since my first glimpse of them in this new scene. What was I supposed to say? I'm a teacher, I'm supposed to be so straight, I have always shown good judgment around sex and drugs and alcohol, my panties are wet? This is exciting, let's do more?

I took a breath and took a plunge into the complete unknown. "I think so," I said, and stretched my nervous lips into something I hoped Daniel would take for a smile.

He turned to face me and looked at me seriously. He started kissing me then, as if he believed that I was willing to give a try to whatever was going to happen. He rubbed my breasts through my shirt. My pulse was racing and my breathing became shallow. 

I leaned into him and then he broke off kissing me and looked over my shoulder. I felt him nod. As I turned to see what he was communicating to Jamie and Steve, he pressed my shoulders into the back of the couch. Jamie was still going down on Steve. She felt us move and looked up, smiling. Her blond hair framed her face and fell forward from where she'd tucked it behind her elfin ears.

"Sarah," she said, still holding Steve's penis, "we've been doing this group thing every now and then since college and we think you're cool and Steve and I thought tonight we'd just go for it. We don't have to do anything more than what we're doing now, but I've been dying to see you and Daniel together so I'm hoping for more." She looked up at me from Steve's lap, his penis waving against her cheek. Steve's head was thrown back on the couch, his eyes half closed.

"Ok," I said. I was at a loss for words. Jamie gave me a big smile and reached over to clasp my knee. Steve roused himself to look at me directly, and I felt Daniel fumbling at the little buttons down the spine of my demure little cotton blouse. He pushed the shirt off my shoulders and undid my bra.

"Hang on!" Jamie said, jumping off the couch. "I think this calls for some pictures, don't you? First time and everything?" She went to a cabinet in the entertainment center and pulled out a small digital camera. "Do you mind being documented?" she asked.

"Uh...ok," I consented, as Daniel drew me back to lean on him, rubbing my now naked breasts.

As soon as I had said ok, Steve had heaved himself off the couch, not bothering to close his pants. His penis pointing at the ceiling, he went to the same cabinet as Jamie and pulled out a video camera and tripod, which he set up quickly and with assurance.

Daniel flicked his tongue over my neck and ear. "This will be fun," he whispered to me. "You'll be ok. We'll take the lead unless you really want to break out on your own." I could feel his erection through his jeans, and had we been at home, I would have had his jeans down around his ankles, but I felt terribly shy and nervous. I could only sit there while they did all the work.

While I concentrated on kissing Daniel, Jamie was taking picture after picture, and Steve was operating the video, occasionally reaching down to give his penis a few quick jerks. It didn't seem to me that he needed any help keeping it up at this point.

"Daniel, take off Sarah's skirt," Steve directed.

Daniel gathered the long folds of my skirt and I lifted my butt so he could pull it over my head. It was now clear to everyone that my underwear of choice were silk boxers, wet at the crotch.

"Nice!" said Jamie. "I bet those are comfortable."

I could only nod, and then Daniel was tugging them over my hips and pushing them down to the floor. I crossed my legs. I was now the only fully naked person in the room, which was suddenly exciting to me. I was beginning to overcome my initial shock. I was feeling less numb, and I smiled.

"Yeah, baby," Steve said. "Sarah, would you cup your breasts and finger your nipples?"

I did so. My breasts are small, but Daniel tells me he likes their shape and my pink nipples. He's gotten me to trim my pubic hair, which I had never done before I met him.

"Daniel, would you gently help Sarah spread her legs for us?" Jamie asked.

Daniel nuzzled my neck and with his hands softly pushed my legs apart. I moved my hands to my sides. Daniel then spread my labia, and Jamie came in with her camera for close up shots of my vagina. Daniel licked his finger and began rubbing my clitoris. My hips bucked. I had never been in this situation before. The exposure made me embarrassed and made me want more.

"Ummm, nice, Sarah," Daniel whispered in my ear. "Why don't you play with yourself for a bit?"

I immediately put my fingers where his had just been, rubbing my clitoris in circles with a flat hand. I dipped two of my fingers into my now dripping vagina, pumping in and out. Just trying something new, no one had ever seen me masturbate before, made me arch my back against the couch. I pressed out my chest. Daniel began sucking on my nipple and played with the other one. Jamie continued taking pictures and Steve continued filming until I was just about ready for an orgasm. I was very close. I was panting.

"Ok, Jamie, enough with the camera," I heard Steve say. I opened my eyes. He was rubbing his penis up and down, but had left the video on. He went back to his place on the couch, still rubbing his penis.

I felt Daniel's breath near my ear again. "Relax for a moment and just watch these two," he said, moving his hand from my nipple to my crotch. He squeezed gently. I wanted more but he wasn't going to give it to me just then.

"Take off your clothes," Steve ordered Jamie. She pulled off her blouse and bra in one movement and her shorts and thong in the next. She was shaved completely bald. She inserted one finger between her labia and began rubbing herself in front of Steve. 

"Jamie, how many men did you jack off this week?" he asked in a conversational tone.

My eyes widened. Daniel pinched my labia together as if to divert my attention from Steve's veiled hostility. Jamie was a massage therapist in a chiropractor's office. I assumed she gave massages and that was it. Were they playing? I couldn't tell.

"Seven," she said, and my eyes widened again. Daniel opened my labia and flicked my clitoris.

"Did they tip you?" asked Steve.

"Yeah, of course," she answered.

"How many guys did you blow?"

"Three," she answered, now rubbing her vagina and pinching a nipple.

For real? I wondered. Daniel's finger moved down to the opening of my vagina and used my wetness to lubricate the length of my vulva. I sighed and pushed myself into his hand.

"How many guys did you fuck?" Steve asked, his voice harder.

"Two," Jamie said. She looked sincere.

My jaw dropped when I saw Steve pull his belt out from the belt loops in his pants. He doubled it. "Get over here," he said to Jamie.

She went to him and climbed over his knees.

Daniel whispered in my ear, "It's ok; Jamie feels bad and this is a way for her to feel better. They've talked about it and processed it. Don't worry."

I looked at the soles of Jamie's feet, pointed towards me and Daniel, and up her long, muscled legs to her bare bottom.

Steve began counting, "Seven hand jobs, three blow jobs, and two guys you fucked. That makes twelve. I hit, you count." And that's what they did, he striking her tanned butt with his leather belt as it turned red and she counting with as much control in her voice as she could muster. All the while Daniel rubbed my vagina and moved his fingers in and out. My cheeks were flushed.

Jamie sank to her knees on the floor.

I felt Daniel nudging me to stand up, so I did, not knowing why. Daniel unbuttoned his fly and I watched his penis come out.

"Suck my cock, Jamie," my boyfriend said. She crawled over to the couch between his knees and took the tip into her mouth. I liked watching.

"Sarah, it's your turn," Steve said. "Get over my knees."

I didn't question. I just did it, but I turned around so that I could continue watching Jamie sucking on my boyfriend's penis. Steve dropped his hand between my legs and pushed them apart, rubbing me where Daniel had been moments before. Both Daniel's arms were flung wide over the back of the couch, his eyes closed. Jamie was watching his face.

"How many students did you deprive of an education this week, Sarah?" Steve asked me, continuing to rub my vagina. His penis was wedged between my hip and his abdomen, and I could feel it move as he shifted his hips.

"What?" I asked.

"How many students did you send out to the hall during classes?" he asked.

I thought about it, my thoughts about school crashing into this situation where I now found myself. Steve continued stroking my entire length, from my clitoris all the way up to my anus. It was hard to concentrate and I was in such a different state of mind than the one I was typically in when I stood up in front of my students.

"Six," I said, picturing their faces and feeling uncomfortable about thinking of them while I was laid out naked on someone's knee, his penis pressed to my side.

"How many students did you send to the office or detention during class?" he asked.

"Three," I answered.

"How many failed a test or a quiz this week, Sarah?"

This was a harder question. I have 142 students, for math and science. The math class had had a quiz, and the science classes had had a unit test. It was mid-year and right before spring break and their attention was wandering away from school.

Steve flicked my clitoris. I moaned and rested my forehead on my hands. "So how many failed?" he asked again.

"I'm not sure," I answered.

Steve thrust four of his fingers into my vagina. "Make an estimate," he said.

"Probably nineteen or twenty," I said.

I felt Steve shake his head above me. "Daniel," he said, "That's an awful lot." 

I looked at Daniel, who was in a haze from Jamie's attention to his penis.

Daniel shrugged. "Use your palm," he said. "Not your belt."

I was going to get spanked. I had known that. The whole thing seemed unreal. I was excited and getting close to an orgasm again.

Steve withdrew his fingers. "Who got the lowest score on the test?"

I answered, "A boy named Justin. He got a twelve percent on the cell biology test."

"Twelve percent!" Steve said, his fingers continuing to thrust in and out of my vagina. "Why didn't you help him prepare better? Nevermind. You just pretend that Justin is standing in front of you with his pants down, jacking off, watching his favorite pretty teacher get the spanking of her life. He'd love to see this!"

Jamie pulled herself off Daniel's penis and the two of them sat on the couch to watch Steve spank me. Daniel held his penis lightly.

"You're counting to twenty-nine, Sarah. I'll spank, you count." He pulled his fingers out of my vagina and spanked me with his open hand.

"One," I whispered.

"I can't hear you!" he said and spanked me again.

"Two," I said, louder.

Steve got to fifteen and then stopped. My butt was on fire. My nipples were brushing the soft fabric of the couch and I was still very aroused.

"I hope you're still imagining Justin standing over there. He's about to blow his wad. On the other hand, my hand is getting tired. Daniel?"

Daniel looked at me. I watched Steve pick up the belt from where he'd dropped it after whipping Jamie. He folded it in half. "May I?" he asked, again to Daniel. He opened my legs again and fingered me. "She's wet. I think she wants it," he said.

"Go for it," said Daniel.

Steve pressed his free hand between my shoulder blades as if to keep me on his lap. I heard the leather swish through the air and smack my skin. It hurt, more than his hand, but I knew he wasn't hitting me as hard as he'd hit Jamie.

"Sixteen," I choked out.

"Ok, that's good. You're brave. Suck my cock," Steve said quickly.

I slid to the floor and took his penis in my mouth. The glans was as soft as Daniel's but the shaft was much thicker. I encircled it with one hand, pumped it, and cupped his testicles with my other hand. My butt felt totally chapped and I thought about that while I licked and sucked the tip, pumped his shaft and tickled his balls. I rubbed his penis all over my face and licked his shaft and then took his balls in my mouth. Steve slouched and slid forward. I pressed my thumb into his perineum.

"Yeah, baby," he said softly.

I felt a small hand cup my genitalia from my behind. I stopped sucking Steve and looked over my shoulder. Jamie used the pressure of her hand to tell me to stand up. She stood behind me and licked my neck, pinched my nipple and fiddled with my clitoris. "You'd better undress Daniel," she said.

It was with reluctance that I stepped away from her and looked at Daniel on the end of the couch, where he was watching the three of us, still fully dressed, with only his penis out, like Steve. He stopped rubbing it as I pulled his shirt over his head and pulled his pants and boxers down.

Daniel placed his hands on my hips and then spun me so that my back was to him. "I'm going to fuck you on this couch doggie," he said. So I got onto the couch on all fours and he took me from behind. Jamie was right below me, and Steve, now naked, was on top, pumping in and out of her. Jamie was playing with her clitoris hard. Daniel reached around and picked up one of my hands and placed it on Jamie's breast. I kneaded it and then leaned down to take her nipple in my mouth. I had never touched a woman in this way before. Jamie took her hands and began playing with my breasts. I could smell the scent of her vagina as she moved them past my face. Jamie stopped playing with my breasts and began to edge herself under me, Steve following and pumping her, almost pushing her under me. Daniel pressed my hips down, following me as I sank onto Jamie's mouth. Her tongue was warm and wet and circled my clitoris and labia as Daniel thrust in and out. I was breathing so fast I felt I had been running a race, and I began to whimper from the pleasure of having two people working on one most sensitive spot. Steve reached over and pinched my nipple, hard enough to make me lose concentration. I looked at him. He put his hand on the back of my head and pushed it down to where he and Jamie were connected. Daniel continued with the same steady rocking and Jamie continued with her warm mouth.

"Lick us," he said.

So I did, holding myself up with my arms, bent at the elbows. Steve's pubic hair was wiry but Jamie was smooth. I licked them as they ground against each other until I felt a gathering tension in my abdomen, legs and vagina. I lifted my mouth off Jamie's clitoris and cried out, "More! More!" The waves of my orgasm left me heaving for air, but I hungrily went back to Jamie and Steve. I felt a sudden coolness as Jamie's mouth left my vagina and she cried out, wordless. Steve pulled out and sprayed his semen over my mouth and her vagina. I rested my cheek against her mons and panted. Steve caressed my shoulders and back. I could tell that Daniel was getting close. He grabbed my hips and pulled them up to press my butt to his thighs and I felt his penis grow longer. He came inside me and then withdrew and sprayed my anus and Jamie's forehead and hair before collapsing over my back. I kept my hips up high for Jamie to breathe. We just rested there for what seemed like ten minutes. Then Steve and Daniel sat back on their ends of the couch. Daniel pulled me to his lap and Jamie stretched on her back and smiled, her hair wet and stiff. She fingered my soaking vagina.

"I guess you adjusted to this new level of friendship," she said. "Let's get some final pictures." She picked up the digital camera and got a few shots of my wet face and several close-ups of my vagina.

On the way home in the car, after quick showers at Steve and Jamie's, Daniel asked me quietly, "That was ok?"

"Yeah," I said. "I couldn't believe it."

"You want more?" he asked.

"I could have sex all night with you now," I said.

He smiled. "Will you do this again? I mean, with Steve and Jamie?"

I lifted my skirt and began playing with myself with abandon by way of answering. Daniel could not have looked more pleased.