 BEHIND CLOSED DOORS

I blink several times, as my eyes adjust to the brightness of the sun shining through the window. I must have dozed off because I am alone and don't remember Lurch actually leaving. There is a light knock at the door, and Samantha pokes her head into the bedroom. "Breakfast is ready sleepy head. Get dressed and come down stairs." She doesn't give me time to respond before shutting the door and leaving me to wonder where my clothes are.

The room is empty beside the bed and in the corner an ugly yellow wooden rocker with my clothes folded neatly on it. I quickly get dressed and go across the hall to freshen up. I wash my face and check myself in the vanity mirror before I head down stairs. I walk into the grand hall and stop dead in my tracks caught breathless as I remember the table before me from last night.

The entire atmosphere has changed. The table now has chairs and everyone is seated around it. Everyone is talking and laughter fills the atmosphere instead of the moans of pleasure which filled it last time I found myself here. Plates of hot gourmet breakfast foods are set out across the table. The aroma of eggs, bacon, and waffles hit my nose instead of the essence of sex. As I make my way over to Samantha, my stomach let's out a loud roar, drawn from me by the decadent scents. I sit in the empty seat next to her, giving a slightly embarrassed glance towards Chris who is seated on the other side. "Look sleepy head has finally made it out of bed," he says with a playful smile.

It's strange seeing everyone so casual, as if nothing had ever occurred but the images rampant in my mind are ceaseless. An older lady I don't recognise taps on her glass to get our attention. Everyone grows silent as she begins to talk. "Everyone this is Sara, Sara is new here and I feel we should all introduce ourselves. I'm Katherine, but most call me Kat. This is my husband Bob." Kat gestures to the man seated beside her, the man I do vividly remember feeding me a sliver of a pear. His look of admiration says he remembers it too. "We've been married twenty two years," Kat continues. "After the tenth we realized that we needed more. We were bored, so this type of party is how we spiced things up. We joined a few clubs, some better than others, but when we discovered Sir Rethlakes Private Functions, we knew we were where we belong." A smile breaks across her face as she raises her glass in salute and thanks to the group.

Melony, to Kat's right, stands next and introduces herself as the lady who had instructed me to open my eyes. My eyes follow her hand gesture to the well dressed, young man beside her and introduces him as Steve. I'm almost stunned to learn they have been married for seven years. Next, the plump man who devoured my pussy stands up beside Steve and I blush intensely at the realisation. He introduces himself as Dave and tells us about his expertise in rope suspension; his manner in no way reflecting my red burning embarrassment. His words however, have me very intrigued, I've always found rope art very sexy.

Several more people introduce themselves. Gina, Travis, Kim, and Matt, the man I had seen jacking off Chris the night before. I feel that I recognized them even though I know almost none of their names until now. The man I know as Jer stands. My cheeks instantly turn red as I remember his load sliding down my throat. He introduces Ashley as his fiancee, with admiration in her eyes she leans in and kisses him on the cheek. 

Chris stands proudly in turn. "I'm Chris, one kinky mother fucker, and Samantha is my kinky ass wife," his cocky smile never falters. "We have been coming here two years now. Tina introduced us to the life, and here we are." 'Two years? How long has Tina been coming here?' I think to myself. I can't help but question this unknown side of my best friend. "I thought you all were just swingers," a half hearted chuckle in my voice as I try to sound confident. Everyone politely laughs at my comment.

"We are a consensual bdsm, swinger group. People outside of this group will join us to play, there are several people you would have noticed from last night who aren't here today. Those you see here are the main group of us. We all wanted something different, sex without judgment, and that's what we have created here." Melony says this as she fills her plate with food. "This is our safe place where we explore our sexual desires without the outside world looking down at us for liking the kinks that we like." Samantha says knowingly.

Everyone continues to talk about past stories, and how different people judged them in the past. I sat quietly taking it all in. Is this the lifestyle I want? I can relate to a lot of the stories I am hearing. I've also been ridiculed for my love of cum.  

Everyone finishes eating and conversing and we say our goodbyes. Samantha and Chris walk with me out to our cars and Samantha pulls me into a tight embrace. "Girl, I hope you come back, you are a part of the family now." I don't know what to say so I said nothing. She walks over to Chris who stands beside their car holding the door for her. I await their departure and wave as they turn the car and make their way down the driveway. For a moment after they're gone I just stand next to my car and stare up at the enormous house, consumed with disbelief of what occurred inside. I break my trance and get into my car to head home. 'It's funny how one night can change your entire perspective on life.' I chuckle to myself as I pass the huge iron gates and turn out onto the road. 

When I get home I busy myself around the house cleaning, and doing laundry. 'After I do dishes I'll call Tina or maybe after I mop the kitchen' I tell myself. I vacuumed, I dusted, I rearranged cabinets that I've never gotten around to doing before. 'I know I'm procrastinating, putting off calling Tina, I'm just so confused, what do I even say?' I sit on the couch and flick on Netflix, snuggling up with my cat Pixie who is now dying for attention. Almost a full season of the walking dead... I realise time has eluded me. I rush to grab my phone. 'I need to make the call, she'll be worried sick.' I look at my phone and realize I've missed three calls from Tina. 'Shit, shit, why didn't I hear the phone ring?' I hit call and immediately hear her phone ringing outside my door, I turn and half run to open the door and can tell she was getting ready to come in. We have a no knock policy. 

"Why didn't you answer your damn phone? I've been worried, and here you are, sitting around in your pajamas with your damn phone in your hand. What the Hell Sara? If you're mad we can talk but don't ignore me." I can tell she is hurt, and worried that I'm gonna be mad, which I am, but I would never be mad enough to not talk to her about it. 

She comes all the way in and sets her purse on the table in the dining room that joins the living room and kitchen. My house isn't big, but I love the open concept and the earthy tones I have painted. Nothing fancy, but it's home. I sit at the table and she ask me "Do you want tea or coffee?" I laugh because she knows I'll chose the coffee any time. "Coffee please, but shouldn't I be offering it to you?" I ask with a playful tone so she knows I'm not too mad. She ignores my statement and comes back with coffee in hand, just the way I like it with sugar and cream. 

Tina sits down still looking worried. I clear my throat before asking "How long have you kept this from me?" She gives me a serious look, "I never meant to keep this from you. I didn't know how to tell you. I didn't want you to think differently of me. I'm so sorry about keeping this from you and it's been so hard for me. You know I tell you everything at our coffee therapy/bitch session. Please forgive me." Tina now has tears in her eyes. I hate seeing her sad and crying and can't contain myself. I stand and embrace her in an emotional hug. 

Pulling back to look at her I wipe her eyes and giggle as more memories spring to mind. "You set up the last part? Where they all dined from me?" I ask knowing the answer; as Samantha told me she did. Tina sits back down and gives a long breath like a weight's been lifted. "Yes, that was your initiation. It's how we show new members that they have been welcomed into our group with open arms. It's a form of honor to be eaten from and pleasured. Everyone knows how important you are to me and that I wanted you to be a part of this." 

I'm nervous to ask but I need to know her thoughts of it. A small part of me feels like I don't even know my best friend. "What exactly is all of this? They explained some of it, but I feel so clueless," I plead with her begging for more insight. She gives me a goofy smile, "Girl, you ready for this? I've got tons of stories to tell you." This is what I love most about Tina. She has a light hearted spirit that tends to break me out of my shell.

"Oh, and by the way I had sex with Samantha." I share. Her mouth drops "You did what? I guess I probably should have told you about the ribbons and the colors. I shouldn't have thrown you in like that. I'm sorry,... " Tina's words trail off. She explains to me how each party is different, sometimes they have rope play, others are about teaching different skills and even demonstrations, other times they just have wild rampant no holds barred sex all night. 

From there on out we talked for hours and I tell her everything that happened. Every detail, every feeling, and all my thoughts. It's growing late and I know I have to work the next day but I don't want Tina to leave. We tidy up and I reluctantly walk her to the front door. "Good night girl, be safe going home. I'll call you tomorrow." I feel so much better getting everything out in the open. 

Something inside me doesn't want to be alone tonight. Maybe it's the fact so much has changed in a short time, but I just don't. "Stop, let's have a sleep over. We could watch t.v. and do our nails or something." She looks at me with concerns in her eyes. "You're feeling anxious aren't you?" I cross my arms because I know she is going to give me another lecture on controlling my emotions, but to my surprise she doesn't. She turns around and closes the door. 

"What has you so worked up Essie? What insecurities have you not wanting to be alone?" She knows me too well, and for some reason. I'm reluctant to tell her my feeling. That all I can think of is the sexy billionaire Sir. Rethlake. And that I'm clearly way out of my league. How could he ever like someone plain like me?

"I can't stop thinking about Sir Rethlake and the way he was looking at me. I know it's dumb, but he is so damn hott. You should have seen him in that suit."

Looking up and giggling at me she walks down the hall. Where is she going? Do I follow? I should have kept my thoughts to myself. She comes back with a hairbrush, and my mirror that hangs on the back of the bathroom door. Ok, so it seems hair is on the list for tonight. 

"Look at yourself and tell me what you see." I look in the mirror she has now placed up against the wall. I look into the mirror and see Tina. I feel like I'm truly seeing her for the first time. She is confident, always in control. She doesn't doubt herself like I do. "My hair's a mess and I look like trailer trash." I roll my eyes and look away not wanting to see myself. I should have put something else on besides my yoga pants. She comes behind and grabs my hair. "Look again, what do you see?" She is holding my hair so tight it feels like it's ripping out. I take a quick glance again. She looks hott and I instantly want to please her. "You helping me go bald way to young"

This hurts and feels good. Why do I like this? She comes around to the front guiding me by my hair to the floor. "Get on all fours NOW." I've always known she was a hard ass, but I've never seen her like this. 

"What do you see Essie?" I look at myself again. I still look awful even worse being on all fours like a fucking dog. I don't like this one bit and she knows it. This is degrading and somewhat humiliating. If this was anybody else this wouldn't be happening, but it's Tina and I know she is only trying to help. The brush hits my has hard and I flinch as I feel the sting to my ass. "What do you see?" Her arms are crossed and she looks annoyed. 

"I don't know. I see me, a mess not made up." Another hit to my ass and I move forward to get away from it. "You know what I see? The fucking truth. A beautiful young, successful women who has kept herself hidden from the world. You have strong sexual desires that you're ashamed of. I see a brilliant mind. A mind good with numbers, and words, one that is funny. I see the entire fucking package. It's a shame that you don't. You only see flaws that aren't there." She smacks my ass even harder this time. Those are the nicest words anyone has ever spoken to me. The mirror image shows tears running down my face. 

I hate crying. It just makes me pissed off, because now I feel like a little kid. I inhale deeply and let it out. I'm not sure why I can't see what she sees. All I see is the flaws and the things I hate about myself. Tina disappears again, and I sit cross legged on the floor just looking at the mess that I am. I wish the mirror would open and suck me into a different dimension. Wow, am I Debby downer or what? Now I'm just annoying myself with my whining. 

She now has some of my knitting yarn in hand. Maybe she thinks knitting will help take my mind off things. Which it totally won't. It only makes me think more. I'll let her think it's helping. Before I know what happening she has my hair and is kissing me hard. Her lips are soft and she taste like strawberries. Taking the hem of my shirt she pulls it over my head, and then unfasten my bra. My heart is racing, and I can't think straight what's happening? Tina is my best friend, I can't do this. Her hand finds my breast. My nipple slides between her finger and she begins rolling and pinching. My pants fall to floor and I realize I'm butt ass naked. Placing the dining room chair in front of me she has me lay across it. Grabbing each wrist she ties them to the chair legs, and she does the same with my ankle which forces my ass in the air. Why am I so turned on right now? I'm growing wetter, and my nipples harden even more. 

"You talking about the party and fucking Samantha. That should have been me. That should have been my pussy all over that pretty mouth. I've always wanted to know what it's like fucking you. I know there is a kinky side to you that you're afraid to let out. You let your fears guide you and that stops tonight. NO MORE." Tina is rubbing her pussy through her jeans. Damn, This is fucking crazy. Best friends don't fuck. At the moment all I want is to fuck. I need to get off. Her hair is pulled up and her tits are perky poking out of a tight black tank, and those jeans hug all of her curves. 

The brush makes contact with my exposed ass. It stings but it's a good feeling. I use to hate spankings, but when I've seen it in porn video it makes me so wet. "You are beautiful, and anyone with eyes can see that." The brush lands on my ass again this time harder than before. "You are sexually desired." SMACK, Her hand rubs my ass. "You are funny, and brilliant." SMACK "You are very intelligent." SMACK "You have a huge heart. You're always trying to please everyone and you forget about what you need." SMACK " You work hard and never do anything for you." SMACK " You are done putting yourself down. I've heard you for years now and I hate it. I try to make you see how beautiful you are and nothing works, maybe this will help." SMACK She rubs my ass again. I feel my juices running down my leg. How in the Hell can I be like this? My mind says I should hate this but my body is so turned on. "What do you see Essie?" I look into the mirror and see Tina looking so hott holding the brush and rubbing my ass. "I see a beautiful woman who is horny." She smiles down at me and pets my hair. The look on her face shows endearment. "Good Girl, it's a start." I guess she doesn't realize I was talking about her.

Her finger slides over my sex. "You might just be a pain slut. You like me spanking your ass. You're so fucking wet." Bending down behind me I feel Her breath on my pussy before she begins licking me and rubbing my clit. She slows down and bites the lip of my pussy. I moan in pleasure. She continues with small licks up and down and circles around my clit. This feels so fucking good. I try bucking my hips, but the rope is too tight, it hurts my ankles. She rubs and licks and slides a finger in me and begins pumping fast and hard. I feel that pull in my stomach and I know I'm close. She can sense it too because she speeds up licking and fingering me. She takes the juices and rubs her finger around my ass. She never enters me, just massages. Her tongue is still flicking on my clit as she bring her free hand to my breast and squeezed my nipple. My orgasm hits hard. My juices are pulsating out of me while she laps it all up with her tongue. She comes around and faces me, kissing me, giving me back my cum. She knows my fetish of swaping cum. She cuts the rope and exhaustion hits me, but she hasn't gotten off. I remember how Samantha tasted on my tongue. I wonder how Tina taste. 

I crawl over to her on my knees and undo her pants. I pull them down her legs. She comes down to the floor with me. Kissing her stomach and thighs as she moans in pleasure. I kiss her pretty looking pussy and stick my tongue out just to taste. She is sweeter than Samantha. I lick her and find her clit. I flick fast and circle my tongue around in a circle mimicking what she just did to me. I really don't know what I'm doing, but I desperately want her to get off. I grab the brush, and use the handle to fuck her. Looking in the mirror I can barely believe what I see and watching this is so damn hot. We look like we should be in porn. Me licking and fucking Tina, and her moans are so damn good.

I realize at that moment I really am a voyeur. I continue licking, and pumping the brush in and out. Her hips are now moving on their own and she grabs the back of my head shoving my face into her pussy. She pumps her hips taking control of the speed. She is close. Her moans and movement become rigid. She yells out as I feel her entire body quiver. Her juices are covering my entire face. I can't help but to wipe them off my face and lick my fingers dry taking in all of her sticky funk. After she comes back down we lay on the floor exhausted. Moving from the floor to the bed we both fall asleep without saying a word of what just happened. 

Sometime in the middle of the night, I wake up horny as hell. Vaguely remember the dream I just had. I was back at the party and Sir was fucking me hard. I'm now very horny, and very wet. Tina lays next to me naked. Although I'm feeling a tad embarrassed for having sex dreams while laying next to her, I am horny as hell and watching her breast rise and fall with each breath is not helping the problem. Rolling over I try counting sheep, but it is completely useless. I reach down between my legs and start to rub my swollen sex. Afraid of waking Tina I try to rub gently. It isn't working I need more pressure. "What are you doing?" Tina asks with an exhausted tone. 

Embarrassed that I was just caught playing with my cunt, I freeze, but then fuck it, you only live once, right? Before I can think or over analyze my action I moved down to the end of the bed. I began kissing Tina's upper thigh. "You little slut." she gasps and pulls my head down to her pussy. I begin licking and swirling my tongue around her clit. She stops me by pulling me up by my hair. "Bring that ass around." She motions swirling her finger in a circle. Next thing I know we are in a sixty nine position lapping, and licking at each other. My hips begin to pump and I feel my orgasm getting closer. She matches my movements with her hips. Suddenly she stops and let's out a loud moan of pleasure. Her juices are flowing in my mouth and all over my face. Tasting her is all it takes to have me falling over the edge in ecstasy.