 It started innocently enough. Sarah became a massage therapist out of a passion to help people get better through touch. She was a stand out in school and finished at the top of the class. Where as most people went to work at a place like Massage Envy Sarah was more business savvy and decided to start her own business. Easiest place to do that was on craigslist and backpage. Of course she had her share of creeps asking for happy endings but that came with the territory. Incall or outcall was a lot cheaper and made her a lot more money than renting a place out or working for someone. She excelled at her job and had a loving boyfriend who supported her career choice full heartedly.

One thing Sarah loved about massage was the sensuality of it. She secretly loved seeing how many erections she could give a guy during the massage and teasing them to no end and it never disappointed. As much as she loved it she never went further and if it got her horny, which it usually did, she either used her vib in her car or came home and fucked her boyfriend, Taylor, to relieve herself. Taylor was a tall good looking white guy. He loved taking care of Sarah, whether in bed or by buying flowers or gifts for her and cleaning the house before she came home from work. He liked pleasing her and had a submissive side that fit in perfectly with her dominant personality. Sarah always told him how big his cock was and how perfect it was for her pussy while they fucked. Usually she would cum by riding him, putting that perfectly shaped cock at the right angle, and grinding until she collapsed from her intense orgasm. Taylor's cock was average at about 5", not too thin or too thick and curved up just slightly. Taylor loved how horny the massages got her because he got to reap the benefits of it.

Sarah rarely had female clients and only said no to guys who were lude or creepy. She just loved giving people massages and making a shit ton of money doing it. As I said, it all started innocently enough.

Sarah was finishing up a 90 minute swedish massage with a guy that left him in such a turned on state that his cock was jumping under the towel the last 30 minutes nonstop. She had a smirk on her face as she washed her hands knowing he was finishing himself as soon as she left the room. She took a little extra time so he could get dressed and pay her. She knew that teasing guys usually meant more tips and more sessions which of course means more money in her pocket and this being her 3rd massage of the day, her pockets were full. Or course she was left a little wet from it but she had her vib in the car and was more than willing to use it before she drove off. As she dried her hands she looked at her work phone and saw a message.

"Hello there. My name is Congo. I saw your ad on backpage and I was wondering if you were available for a massage tonight or tomorrow night?"

Taylor had to work all day today so he wouldn't be home for hours which left Sarah free to do one last massage.. She responded, "I actually just finished up with a massage and am free for the rest of the night. Do you want incall or outcall?"

"I'd love outcall if you don't mind."

"Sure. I can actually come over right now :)"

"Awesome :) I'll see you soon!"

With that Sarah packed up, got her money and went to the car. As soon as she got there she reached for her purse, pulled out the pocket vib and slid it up her skirt, touching her clit, before she pressed the power button only to find it dead. "Fuck!" She said to herself before throwing it on the floor and just driving off to the next appointment.

When she arrived, the first thing she noticed was how huge the house was. Brand new Mercedes out front with immaculate gardening. She grabbed her table and massage bag and rang the doorbell. As she stepped back she heard the lock being undone and the door opened. Here stood a 6'3 black guy that was very muscular. 

He just smiled and said, "Hi you must be Sarah. You're even more beautiful than your ad".

Sarah looked a little timid because tall people kinda freaked her out. She had a thing with "tree people." He was right at the edge of that height. Sarah just smiled back and said, "Thank you. Yes, I'm Sarah. You must be Congo."

"Here let me show you were to set up." He said as opened the door and led her in. As she followed she couldn't help but curse the vibrator for not working as she was still wet. After she had the table set up congo returned in a robe.

"So what type of massage are you looking for?"

"Well I saw on your ad that you do lomi lomi massage. I've always wanted to try that. So 90 minutes of that?"

"Ok sure. Are there any areas we need to focus on?"

"My hamstrings and glutes have been really tight lately so maybe spend a little extra time there."

Sounds good. Well I'm going to go wash my hands. Just get naked under the sheet and I'll be back in a minute."

When she returned she went to her bag to grab a towel and realized she only had one clean wash cloth remaining. "Fuck!" she thought, "Of course I'd be horny and in this situation." She wished Taylor wasn't working so she could've fucked him before taking this appointment. "Oh well, just be professional!"

She put her massage belt on over her skirt and slipped her shoes off before leaving the bathroom. She walked back into the room to see Congo on the table with the sheet over him. Sarah slowly started kneading his back and legs, feeling for tense spots. As she moved up to his head she grabbed the sheet and slowly pulled it down to his waist. She started at his head and worked his scalp sensually pulling on his hair slightly as she rubbed all over. She moved down to his sculpted back pouring more hot oil on his back and gliding her hands over his hard muscles. As she finished the back with oil she grabbed the washcloth and put in over his ass over the sheet. "I hope this is big enough" she thought as she put one hand on the cloth above his back and pulled the sheet down past his butt and off. The washcloth barely covered his ass crack and she noticed his ball sac showing under the washcloth so she gently pulledl it down a little to cover his sac leaving the top of his ass crack exposed.

"Sorry, I've been working all day and this was the only clean linen I had left.." She explained.

"It's ok. I know it was last minute and I've heard lomi lomi used minimal covering anyway. I won't tell if you don't." He said with a chuckle..

Normally a remark like that would have her leaving but being turned on and already there she decided it was ok. So she dribbled oil on his right leg and and started massaging it in moving higher until she ran her hands over his firm ass. She switched to the other side and got it all slick with oil before starting the full body strokes. She ran her hands under his body getting his tight abs and chest slick for better movement during the lomi lomi. She was hitting all the right parts and didn't mind admiring his tone body. She moved down to his hamstrings and he flinched. 

"Sorry those are really tight. Just be gentle please."

Sarah started slowly and wasn't getting much leverage so she pulled one of his legs out to the side and up to stretch it making his ass cheeks open and moving the washcloth down a little showing a little more of his crack leaving almost nothing to cover except his balls. As she massaged the hamstring she noticed that his cock was running down his other leg and her heart skipped as she wasn't sure how she'd be able to do his other leg without exposing it. As she contemplated this she slowly moved up his inner thigh slowly, going just higher than she normally would and her right hand grazed his shaved balls.

"Oops, sorry." She said and moved his leg back into place.

"It's ok. Just thought I'd have to pay extra for that."

"Lol" she said awkwardly.

As she moved to his other leg she thought to herself, "I'm a professional. I can do this!"

She started in on his other leg, same tightness. Fuck, she thought. She couldn't see his cock from this angle but she knew it was long and she couldn't touch too high without touching it. As she did what she could on the backside she knew it time to mimic the last leg. As she lifted his leg and moved it to the side the biggest cock she'd ever seen came into view. She laid the leg to the side, never taking her eyes off his cock. 

She was flustered and told Congo, "I'm just gonna move this wash cloth to cover your caw-, penis. Next time I'll bring a bigger towel so I can properly cover you."

"I'm just along for the ride honey. As long as when we're done my tension is gone you can do whatever you want."

She pulled the wash cloth from his crack and laid it over the at least 8" showing gently pressing the cloth down, feeling his thick hardness underneath. His ass and balls completely exposed but at least she had that huge cock covered. God she was wet now. Her panties were soaked and the juices were starting to run down her thigh. She went back to work on his leg stretching and massaging it while his asshole winked at her. She moved up his leg to his bubble butt, and not knowing why, left his leg at an angle all the while sneaking glances at the wash cloth,seeing it move slightly every once in awhile. She then moved his other leg back into the frog position and got up on the table at Congo's feet. From here he was totally exposed. Hips raised, ass spread while only the 9" wash cloth gave him any modesty just on his cock. Sarah got up on the table, putting on her knees on either side of his engorged member. Looking down she could see it pointing at her hot, wet pussy. She then slowly touched both legs just grazing them up and down, moving upwards towards his ass. She grabbed the oil and dribbled some on her hands letting a little fall thru the cracks. That oil fell right on his asshole which made him flinch.

"Sorry again, I didn't mean for that to happen!" She said as she instinctively reached to clean it and just rubbed the oil in more. "Mmm" he said as she was mortified realizing she was just rubbing his asshole and inner cheeks now. 

"So sorry! That's not somewhere I'm supposed to touch" She said as she pulled her hands away. 

What are you doing Sarah! Get yourself together! You're a pro. No more massages while horny!

"Well if you're just gonna tease me with that maybe you can clean it up with a towel"

"Sure" she said as she reaches for the wash cloth and squeezes his cock forgetting that's why it's there. "Shit." She lifts it off his dick and leaving it fully exposed again.

"Mmm so far best massage ever, for more than one reason." He chuckles.

Sarah starts dabbing at his asshole and rubbing it trying to dry it a little. He just pushed his ass towards her every time she's touching his hole and she finds herself pressing back through the cloth. After lays the washcloth back over his cock and glides her hands over his ass cheeks up his lower back and up to his glistening shoulders bending over him nearly grazing her tits gainst his ass. She repeats the motion and a few times thinking about how this reminded her of when she peged Taylor that one time. Slowly Taylor gets off the table leaving him complete wide open still. She goes to his left leg and slowly puts it back straight. Still staring at this massive black cock, which is now leaking precum onto the table, Sarah slowly walks to his right leg and lifts it and lays it back on top of his member and moves the washcloth back to his ass..

Her pussy is on fire as she takes the sheet off the ground and covers Congo's body. She does a few more relaxing moves on his feet, trying to dispel the sexual tension before lifting the blanket and asking him to turn over. As he does Sarah lays the sheet back down and notices there isn't a bump where his cock should be. "Shit, it's laying straight down."

She moves the sheet down slowly until she reaches where his pubic hair should be. Still horny she brazenly pulls the sheet down until she sees the base of his cock. Sarah's heart jumps as she rests the sheet and starts oiling his abs and chest. She finds herself pinching his nipples, a clear no no. Once his upper body is slick she grabs the wash cloth and puts over the sheet. She puts her hand at the base of his cock, holding the cloth, while her other hand pulls the sheet away.

Congo's cock is laying down the middle of the table under the cloth. "Jesus, that's bigger than Taylor and it's nowhere near hard."

Sarah starts in on his leg again.pulls it up and to the side again. The cloth falls a little but she grabs it before his whole cock is exposed. It starts to grow a little as she starts massaging his thigh. Moving slowly higher up until she can feel the heat from his groin against the back of her hand. His cock now starts to get harder and lift a little and the weight makes his cock move against his other leg. She continues to massage closer, moving over his pubic mound and staying just centimeters from the wash cloth. As she watches Congo's cock fill with blood under the cloth, little bits keep getting exposed. First the purple head peaks out as his cock is laying sideways. She presses her hand into the base of his cock as she readjusts the wash cloth. Congo's cock just keeps swelling and eventually moves, slapping against Sarah's hand at the base of his cock. She just keeps it there as the wash cloth is laying on his leg and she feels this huge cock pinning her hand against his body. Her other hand slides up his chest and squeezes his chest as she slowly starts to move her right hand under the weight of this massive cock. 

Just then she feels a hand under skirt right on her soaked pussy. "Looks like someone's enjoying their line of work." Congo says as his hand presses against her damp panties rubbing her clit.

"Sorry Congo. This isn't a mutual touch massage. Could you please move your hand?" He just keeps rubbing her pussy and ass. After a few seconds Sarah has to take her free hand off his chest and pull his arm away

She is overtaken with lust as she feels the length against the back of her hand. Slowly gliding her hand against his stomach she feels his cock twitch and slap against her hand. She turns her hand over and grips the biggest cock she's ever felt. Slowly she feels the veins and reaches down to grab his huge balls, weighing them as her other hand reaches the head of his dick. Congo is panting now and arching his hips to meet her grasp. She slowly starts stroking from base to the head. Both hands still leave a third untouched.

"How big is it?" Sarah askes with lust.

"Just over 9" baby." He smiles watching this sexy girl play with his cock. "I can see you're curious." He winks. "My cock looks so hot in your tiny white hands."

"Hey! I'm half Native." She says coyly and slaps his cock. "My boyfriends is like half your size."

"Poor girl. Well if you ever want to try a man's cock there's a willing one in your hands right now."

"Mhmm" She licks her lips.

"I've been told it tastes good too." Congo winks.

Sarah just stares at it as she strokes it long and slow. ".Sorry, only cock I suck is my boyfriend's." She chuckles

"Well I didn't even expect this so I'm not complaining."

Sarah looks at him and just nods.

"Mmm good girl. Get up on the table between my legs and stroke me. I wanna see your face when I cum."

Sarah just does as she's told and climbs up.

"Straddle my leg as you play with my cock."

She eagerly does forgetting she only has her soaked panties under her skirt. She grinds her pussy on his leg as she starts pumping his cock with both hands. She's working herself good on his leg trying to make his cock squirt while she tries to cum. She's pulling his cock towards her focusing on the top half almost to an orgasm herself.

"Damn you are one horny slut," He says as he pulls her skirt up and spanks her. "Make my cock cum for you. Faster baby."

She leans forward to get more leverage,leaving her open mouth only an inch from the head. Her face is full of lust as she stares at this giant cock in her hands just inches from her face. Congo takes this opportunity to thrust his hips and the head slides right in her wet open mouth. She doesn't move her head. Doesn't pull away or go down. He just keeps his hips arched with just the head in her mouth. Sarah instinctively closes her lips and tastes his precum as he pulls out then pushes the head back in. She just grinds harder on his leg as the head fills her mouth. 

"Yeah baby swallow my sword. Be a good girl and taste my cum."

Just then Sarah starts shaking as her orgasm takes over and she arches her back screaming out and Congo grabs his cock, pointing it at her face. As she starts screaming Congo starts pumping a huge load onto Sarah's face and open mouth. She just sits there on his leg as the cum just spurts over and over out of his huge cock; covering her face, shirt, skirt and hands. Once she recovers she just stares at that cock now going limp, laying on her leg.. She squeezes out the last of the cum onto her finger and Congo guides that finger into her mouth as she tastes it. 

"Mmm, that was hot baby girl. You look so sexy covered in my cum."

Sarah looked down. "My clothes are covered in your cum. How am I going to explain this?"

"It's also in your hair and in your mouth." He winks. "You better strip when you get home so your boyfriend doesn't see the mess we made. Take your panties off. I want to clean your face with them." 

She gets up and slides them down handing them to him. He wipes the cum off her face and hair making sure to spread their mutual cum across her lips then hands them back. 

"Put those back on and I want you to do something when you get home. Mmm you're such a good girl. You definitely get a big tip. Same time next week baby?"

"How could I say no?" She winks.

"Good now get your things and go. I need to sleep. When you get home, remember, I have some instructions for you..."

Before Sarah got home she texted Taylor to strip and wait on the couch with a hard on for her and a blindfold and handcuffs on. He immediately did and sat back on the couch. When she got home she found Taylor how she instructed. She immediately stripped and sank his cock into her wet pussy and shoved her used panties in his mouth. 

"I've been waiting to fuck you all day" She whispers. "Taste how wet the thought of your cock has made me. Every massage today left me wishing it was you and the last one made me the horniest. I've been wet all day as you can taste."

"Mhmm." is all he can say muffled by the used panties.

"The last guy had the biggest dick I've ever seen." Sarah moans as she grinded on his dick dreaming about Congo's monster. Must have been twice your size Daddy."

Taylor loved hearing about her massages as they fucked. Knowing she got herself so worked up over them just to come home and cum on his cock.

"He wants to see me next week too. Maybe I'll play with it a little when I do." She moans in his ear before she screams out in ecstasy shaking on Taylor's cock making him spurt his small load inside her well soaked pussy.

After a little while Sarah gets off his limp dick and pulls her panties out of his mouth. Hovering over his dick still she squeezes his cum out of her onto the panties and pats herself dry, well as dry as she could. She sits back on his lap, "Taste us together now." She whispers as she puts the panties back in his mouth. " Clean our juices from your little girls panties Daddy. Eat all that cum."

He just sucks on them as Sarah gets off of him. "Today left me exhausted. Can you do our laundry before you come to bed? Also sleep nude for me tonight. I want you to wake me up with your mouth, then fuck me with that "perfect" cock of yours. " She said before taking the panties out of his mouth and the blindfold off and kissing him goodnight.
