 "Well, that was awkward," Sarah said, blowing out her cheeks in relief as she and Kat left the Italian restaurant. "Pub?" It had been kind of their boss to take them out to dinner to thank them for meeting their targets, but conversation had been stilted and both felt they could use a stiff drink to ease the tension.

Over a vodka and tonic in The Harbour they talked about Kat's impending three-week holiday in the Maldives. "I'll miss you," Sarah mourned. The two women had only recently struck up a friendship outside of work, but already Kat knew that Sarah was frustrated, bored and lonely. Her husband of nearly twenty years was a heavy drinker and their sex life was virtually non existent. She had fucked a couple of other men but it all sounded pretty tame to Kat, who had several partners, a healthy sexual appetite and liked to experiment.

As Sarah was at the bar getting another round in, Kat's phone beeped to indicate a text had arrived and she glanced at it. It was from her fuck-buddy, Dave, asking what she was up to. "Having a drink with my friend, Sarah," she typed.

"Interesting," Dave replied immediately. "Would I like her?"

"You'd like her tits," Kat answered.

"Give her my number ;)"

Sarah returned with their drinks and Kat assessed her surreptitiously, trying to see her through Dave's eyes. She was almost 40, with mid-length brown hair and rather mischievous blue eyes. Her body wasn't perfect after giving birth to three daughters but she had good legs with fine-boned ankles that seemed too slim to support the weight of her - frankly - enormous breasts.

"My friend wants to fuck you," Kat said, taking Sarah's phone and entering Dave's number into her contacts list. "He's going to miss me too. You should keep each other company."

Sarah laughed and asked about him. Kat explained that he was in his mid-twenties, worked for an international bank and had a lovely flat on the Thames with a view of Tower Bridge. She had been fucking him for six years. The conversation soon moved on but as they left the pub, Sarah asked, suddenly deadly serious, "Should I call him?"

"It depends how reckless you are feeling," Kat replied, smiling at her.

. . .

Two weeks later, Kat sat on a sunbed, texting Dave. "Have you called Sarah yet?" she asked.

"Called her, met her, fucked her," came the reply.

"Whoa! That I was not expecting! How was she?"

"HUGE knockers. Incredible. Like bowling balls. Very hairy snatch, though. She needs to sort it out down there." Kat laughed, a little guiltily.

"Will you fuck her again?"

"Tomorrow. I've arranged a little party."

. . .

Sarah had butterflies of anticipation in her stomach sitting on the train into London. The vibration of the train stimulated her clit and she thought about her first meeting with Dave. He wasn't particularly good looking, but he had charm. She had never fucked a younger man before and his age - and the knowledge that he had fucked Kat - was curiously arousing. They had eaten and when Dave had asked if she wanted to go back to his place for a drink she had, trembling, agreed.

A scotch on top of the wine she'd drunk in the restaurant had loosened her inhibitions and it didn't take long for Dave to get her out of her top and bra. He was astonished and mesmerised by her massive, spherical boobs, squeezing them roughly and sucking greedily on her big pink nipples. She gasped and whimpered as her nipples swelled under the suction, her juices gushing down her thighs. Her tits were slick with saliva and speckled with love bites by the time he pushed her to her knees and dropped his trousers. His cock was smaller than average, uncircumcised and hard as a rock, dribbling pre-cum. She sucked it in, running her tongue around the base and along its length, humming contentedly, and it twitched in her hot mouth. Dave buried his hands in her hair and held her head, his thrown back as he groaned in pleasure. He thrust in and out of her mouth rapidly as she used her hands and mouth then froze as he came. She gagged and swallowed and then he drew back, spraying her face, hair and cleavage with hot, viscous semen. Sarah laughed and wiped cum from her eyes. Dave used his phone to snap a photo of her messy face and breasts and texted it to her. She sucked her fingers.

"Another drink?" he suggested.

Half an hour later, she was bent over the rail of the balcony, her pendulous breasts swinging wildly from her chest as he thrust into her from behind. Boats passed below on the Thames and several passengers nudged their neighbours, pointed up at the balcony and laughed. Sarah, a little drunk and feeling wantonly abandoned, waved and smiled. Dave grunted as he rammed into her dripping cunt. "You like being watched?" he asked. "Yes," she gasped.

"If they knocked at the door right now, would you invite them in?"

"Yes," she panted breathlessly.

"Would you fuck them?"

Her climax washed over her like a tsunami. "Yes, yes, oh God, yes," she cried, and his semen pumped into her grasping pussy and overflowed down her inner thighs.

The following day she had found it impossible to focus on work, her pussy throbbing and leaking as she relived the fucking in her mind, unable to believe she had behaved so sluttily. When her phone beeped she snatched it up. "I sent your photo to some friends," Dave's text said. "They are up for it." With shaking fingers she scrolled to the photo he had taken of her. A wanton cum-covered whore smiled back at her, her huge naked breasts shiny and swollen, sucking semen from her fingers. Like many women, Sarah had fantasised about being fucked by more than one man at once; now it seemed Dave was determined to make her fantasy a reality. She told her secretary she wasn't to be disturbed, closed her office door and masturbated to a shuddering orgasm.

...

Dave buzzed her into the apartment block and she rode up in the lift, on unsteady legs. To her horror, a pretty young woman opened the door of the flat. This hadn't been part of the fantasy she and Dave had discussed! Dave appeared behind the woman and drew Sarah inside. "Hi," he said, kissing her on both cheeks. "Come in. This is Melissa. She's going to help you get ready."

Sarah was nonplussed. Melissa led her into the bathroom. "I'm a beauty therapist," she explained, turning her back on Sarah to check the temperature of a wax pot. "Dave thought you could use my help."

She turned back to see Sarah gaping at her and raised her eyebrows. "Take your clothes off, Sarah."

Still confused but compliant, Sarah did as she had been told and stood before Melissa in bra, knickers, sheer hold-ups and high heels. "Bra and pants, too," said Melissa, gesturing to a flimsy couch. Flushing, Sarah complied, crossing her arms over her huge tits and hopping onto the couch. "Spread your legs," Melissa instructed.

The beautician carefully applied hot wax all over Sarah's thatch of black pubic hair and ripped it all out from the roots. Sarah yelped in pain and humiliation. Dave put his head round the door and said, "Fuck, Sarah, keep it down!"

Sarah gasped, angrily. "What the fuck is this about, you bastard? How am I going to explain it to my husband?"

Dave shrugged. "On come on," he said, mildly. "It was out of hand. Do you want to be eaten out or not? I had pubes stuck in my teeth after the last time. I don't care what you tell him, frankly. And when you come home full of semen I think explaining a wax job will be the least of your problems." Her cheeks burned in embarrassment and she barely noticed that Melissa had flipped her on to her stomach. She did notice, however, when Dave held her buttocks apart and Melissa applied more wax around her anus.

She began to struggle. "I don't take it up the arse!" she cried.

"You didn't," Dave agreed. "You will tonight." He passed her a large glass of scotch, which she gulped nervously. Angrily, she realised his rough manner and lack of concern for her consent was turning her on.

Melissa pressed fabric strips to the hot wax and in an instant Sarah's arse crack was bare and silky. Her rage ebbed as Melissa's gentle fingers smoothed lotion over the hot skin around her anus and on her pubic mound. Dave's words, "You will tonight," echoed in her brain and her nipples tingled as her cunt began to juice.

She was soon so soothed and relaxed that she didn't protest as Melissa applied cold jelly to her anus and slid a tube inside. Sarah had been a nurse before going into management and she realised Melissa was giving her an enema. With the help of the alcohol she had swallowed she had accepted she would lose her anal cherry tonight and was oddly relieved that she would be clean for it. Her abdomen swelled as Melissa filled her bowels with soapy water. Sarah wasn't even embarrassed when Melissa later accompanied her into the toilet as she expelled the water and checked the contents of the bowl before administering another enema. Sarah drained her glass as she waited. When Melissa was satisfied that the expelled water was running clear, she led Sarah into the lounge.

Sarah saw that the lounge furniture had been pushed to the edges of the room. In the centre, on the floor, was a huge mattress. Melissa pushed Sarah towards the mattress and she lay down on it. Melissa stripped off own her clothes before kneeling at the foot of the mattress and parting Sarah's unresistant stocking-clad legs. Sarah closed her eyes and presently felt Melissa's tongue sliding wetly along her labial folds. Her gentle fingers spread Sarah's cunt lips and her tongue explored between them. Her lips closed around Sarah's clit and the tingling there escalated as Sarah's mouth opened in pleasure. Her pussy lubricated and Melissa slipped two slim fingers inside the warm, slick hole and swirled them around. Sarah's closed eyelids flickered and she let out an ecstatic sigh. She didn't hear the buzz of the entry system or the click of the door as Dave's guests arrived. Waves of pleasure swept through her and she arched her back as Melissa's skilful tongue and fingers forced her towards a powerful, shuddering orgasm.

Melissa moved up her body and began to suckle gently on her erect nipples as Sarah continued to surf the aftershocks of her climax. Finally, she lazily opened her eyes. Surrounding the mattress, Sarah saw six naked strangers, all holding their cocks in her hands and stroking them as they watched the floor show. "Guys," said Dave, grinning. "This is Sarah." Her audience's eyes roved all over her limp, flushed body, shamelessly splayed open and exposed. Her labia were visibly quivering, as red and swollen as her nipples.

The alcohol she had consumed had dulled Sarah's reflexes and a second passed before her eyes widened in shock and her hands flew to cover her breasts. She was frozen in place. Melissa moved around the circle of spectators, greeting and kissing them, before disappearing from the room and returning with two large syringes. "You'll be needing these," she whispered as she inserted the first into Sarah's vaginal passage. Sarah jumped as Melissa depressed the plunger and her hole filled with cold lubricant. "Turn over," Melissa instructed her, and the second syringe filled her rectum. Melissa kissed her, pushing her tongue, which, Sarah realised, still tasted faintly of pussy, into Sarah's mouth. When she retracted her tongue, she raised her eyebrow. "Enjoy," she said and left the room with the empty syringes.

Sarah's eyes darted from face to face and she sat up, drawing her legs underneath her. Dave pulled her arms from her chest and lifted her to her feet. He stood behind her, holding her wrists so her boobs were exposed to his friends. One by one, he introduced the six men. One by one, they stepped forward to kiss her on the mouth and explore her body with their hands. She stood submissively, feeling detached from her body, not quite able to believe this was happening to her. She had envisaged a threesome, spit roasted between Dave in her pussy and another man in her mouth, or perhaps a third man, too, to take the place of the first to cum. Taking on seven men at once was surely impossible. Before she could process this, or protest, Dave said, "Who's first in her pussy?"

"I want it before it's all stretched out," volunteered a tall blond with a goatee and a slight paunch. Sarah could remember none of their names and quaked at the thought of anonymous strangers filling her with their seed.

He lay back on the mattress and Dave moved Sarah's body until she was standing astride the blond, then pushed gently on her shoulders so she dropped to her knees. The blond cupped her buttocks in his palms and positioned her cunt over his rigid cock. It was about 6 inches long, but thick and she was glad of Melissa's lubricant as she eased it into her twat. Slowly she sank onto his rod until she felt his pubic hair tickling her bare pubis. The audience whooped and their camera phones flashed.

"I'll take her mouth," a voice announced behind her, and a stocky dark man with a very hairy body moved to stand at Sarah's head. She opened her mouth obediently and he slid a long, thick prick into it. It took her a couple of seconds to synchronise her movements but soon she was bobbing on the cock in her hot mouth as she rode the one in her cunt. Saliva escaped from her lips and slid down her chin as she lost herself in the sensation. She imagined how she must look, plugged with cock at both ends and an orgasm built in her pelvis. The man beneath her felt her pussy pulsing around his thick rod and announced, "The dirty cow's cumming. She loves it!"

Dave, standing behind Sarah, watched her arse as she bounced up and down. He tapped his brother, Daniel, on the shoulder and said quietly, "She's never been fucked in the arse." Daniel needed no further encouragement. He moved between her legs, fell to one knee and used the other leg for leverage. He put one hand on her lower back and with his other hand ran the tip of his cock up and down her crack. Sarah stilled.

"Keep sucking," grunted Hairy and she whimpered in fear but resumed bobbing on his cock.

Daniel released his cock and circled her anus with one finger tip, then gently pushed it inside. Her arsehole was tight and he rotated his finger, opening her up. He introduced a second finger and pumped gently in and out. He motioned to Dave, who was filming at Sarah's head and Dave moved to train the camera on her backdoor. Slowly, Daniel withdrew his fingers and moved the tip of his cock to her pucker. Holding his cock in one hand and her left hip with the other he began to push his cock into her rectum.

Sarah squealed and Hairy grunted and flooded her mouth with jizz. She choked and tried to swallow and while she was distracted, Daniel thrust past her ring into her anal passage. She gasped and choked again, semen spraying from her mouth onto her face and Hairy's belly. He laughed and withdrew. A redhead moved in to take his place.

The blond beneath her felt her vagina clutch him harder as Daniel's cock filled her rectum. He held her still and exploded into her pussy. Daniel began to fuck in and out of her, gradually stretching her virgin hole. She sobbed around the redhead's cock: "It burns. Oh God, it burns," but the lubricant was doing its job and the burning was beginning to be eclipsed by pleasure. The blond man's deflated cock was expelled from her tightened cunt and he slid out from beneath her, to be replaced by a muscular black man. It was as well that Sarah's face was mashed into the redhead's crotch as the black man's dick lived up to the stereotype and was far bigger than any she had fucked before. He eased it up into her pussy and she let out a shriek, so full was she.

Watching her quivering with all her holes stuffed, Dave's cock swelled and he moved a dining chair into a better viewing location. He bent Melissa, who'd been avidly watching the gangbang, over the back of the chair and entered her wet cunt from behind. He passed his phone to Melissa, to continue filming, giving him both hands free to manoeuvre her hips to achieve maximum penetration. He thrust into her violently, as Sarah moaned around the redhead's cock.

The thick black dick inside Sarah's pussy was working its magic both on Sarah and on Daniel, who could feel every gnarled vein through the thin flesh separating Sarah's anal and vaginal passages. Daniel stiffened, his balls twitching as his orgasm ripped through him and at the same time, Sarah felt the black man's helmet nudging her cervix. She convulsed in ecstasy and her pussy clutched the cock stretching it as Daniel's semen filled her bowels. Her scream and her fingers tightening on his arse triggered the redhead's climax and he pumped jizz into her throat.

Daniel withdrew, the dregs of his load spurting over her arse, and the redhead released her head. Sarah collapsed onto the black man's chest, sated and exhausted. As Daniel and Red stepped back, the sound of Sarah's ragged breathing and the sight of her cum-spattered body sent Dave over the edge. He rammed himself as deep as he could into Melissa's hot pussy and sprayed her insides with scalding spunk.

The black man, Ian, sat up, lifting Sarah with him. He pulled his legs from under her and turned her onto her back. Ian stood, shaking drops of cum from his foreskin onto her belly. She lay, limp and spreadeagled, her body covered with a sheen of sweat. Her labia and lips were red, puffy and wet. Cum was drying on her chin and matting her hair. She looked used, dishevelled and her chest rose and fell rapidly. Semen ran in rivulets from her pussy and pooled beneath her. Melissa was seized by a sudden impulse. She straddled Sarah, facing her slim ankles, and lowered her semen filled cunt towards Sarah's open mouth. Melissa clenched her inner muscles and a glob of Dave's semen dripped from her into Sarah's mouth. Sarah swallowed reflexively. Melissa lowered her own mouth and sucked juices from Sarah's vagina, cleaning her crack with her tongue and lapping at the puddle on the sheet. As she swallowed she savoured the mingled, tangy flavour of Sarah, Ian, the blond and strawberry lube. Another black man, Simon, moved between Melissa's thighs and pushed his erection between her cuntlips, sinking into her slippery depths. Sarah, beneath them, extended her tongue and laved their genitals where they joined. Melissa's tongue and warm breath on her perineum were soothing and erotic and she was beginning to get a second wind. The other men pulled up chairs and watched the show, sucking from bottles of cold beer as they recovered.

Melissa was being pounded violently now. Simon had watched as all the others fucked and his frustration had found an outlet. He gripped her hips and plunged into her, grunting, and she was whimpering at the rough treatment. He slapped her left buttock hard and watched as it reddened before doing the same to the other. "Mate!" remonstrated Red. "Go easy on my sister!" Later, Sarah would remember this and how he had watched Melissa get fucked.

He pushed her shoulders down so her upper body collapsed onto Sarah, her face buried between Sarah's thighs, her back arched. Eventually, he reached his peak, withdrew from Melissa, pushing her roughly off the mattress and, holding his cock like a fire hose, sprayed creamy spunk over Sarah's face, belly and tits. Then he grabbed Melissa again by the shoulders, turned her and ordered her to lick it up. Obediently, she fell to work, scooping up cum with her tongue. The audience cheered and clapped, calling, "This way, Mel! Open wide!" as they took photos of her with mouthfuls of Simon's spunk. Simon, his frustration spent, pulled Melissa to her feet, pushing the hair from her sweaty face and apologising for his behaviour.

Sarah still lay inert and exposed on the mattress. Melissa retrieved her clothes and bag. "Before you go..." Sarah heard Dave say as he went out to the hall with her. Melissa returned with two more syringes which she squirted into Sarah's cunt and arsehole, as Daniel and Dave lifted her hips. Melissa kissed each of the men, sloppily and at length, including her brother, the one Sarah thought of as "Red"; then she was gone. Through a haze, Sarah realised she was now the only woman to be shared between the seven guys.
