 They lay there holding each other for an eternity. I looked over to see he had closed his eyes. I was too wired from the prior partying to sleep. I was feeling thirsty for something non-alcoholic so I figured I'd explore this strange apartment for a glass of water. 

I spotted a robe hanging on the back of his door, I grabbed it and put it on. I tied it up, and headed out the door.

It was a rather small apartment so finding the kitchen was pretty easy. I started opening cupboards to find a glass. I grabbed the first one I saw and now turned to his fridge. 

I opened it up to find a ton of beers and very little food (sigh boys will be boys). I found a large jug filled with a clear liquid.  I poured some into my glass and started to drink the water. It felt really refreshing as it travelled past my lips and down my throat. 

A big cold glass of water was just what the doctor ordered. I had become more dehydrated with the nights events than I realized.

"A little big, no?" Said a voice from across the room.

I turned around quickly to notice a new guy pointing at my robe. My robe? It really belonged to the guy who brought me home, and being that he was much bigger than me, his robe hung huge on my petite frame.

I told the figure the robe belonged to his roommate, and I had just borrowed it to get a drink of water.

"You mean our roommate?" Another voice chimed in.

I looked to see two boys were standing in the kitchen doorway now. I waved and introduced myself to them. I began to walk back to the original guys room. His roommates blocked my way though.

"So what were you two up to?" One of the men asked me.

I paused and thought he knew the answer, what a dumb question. The two men were blocking the exit of the kitchen. They both had brown hair, were at least 6', and a good 180lbs each at least Their bodies resembled the men I would always see walking around the gym. They were very strong, I could tell from their solid barrel chests.

I pushed at them a bit to make my way through, but I could not move them.

"Thanks for finding my robe." One of the men said.

He then reached his paws to the cloth belt holding 'my' robe closed. It was the only thing saving me from being naked in this strange house. The man untied the robe. His friend opened its sides, and then successfully removed the robe from my little self.

I was standing there completely nude between these two large strange men.

They both told me how good my body looked before they put their hands on me. The four hand massage felt very good, but that it was four previously unknown hands bothered me a bit. 

After mulling it over a bit I gave in to them and began to moan. One of the men was working my tits, squeezing them, and pinching my nipples. They were getting really hard. The other man focused his hands on my crotch and ass. He was rubbing at me. He slipped a couple fingers into my pussy. I let out a moan. He then started to put a third finger into my butt.

As his third finger began to open my butt hole, their roommates remaining seed started to leek out onto his hand.

"What ya got back there girl?" He said. "Looks like our roommate found himself a butt slut." He added.\

I'm no 'butt slut'. I wanted to cry out that it was only my first time, and their pushy roommate initiated it. I bit my tongue though, I didn't want to confirm their suspicions.

"So are you going to let us get some of that too?" One of the men said. "Or are we going to have to take it?" He finished.

With that the two men started to take off their pants and boxers. One turned me around, forced my head down, and spread my butt cheeks. I could feel the two hard dicks rubbing on my ass.

"She looks real tight." One said. His friend agreed.

They argued for awhile to see who would go first. I guess someone won because the next thing a felt was a big cock sliding into my butt. It slipped in quite easily as my hole was lubed by the original cream pie The other guy circled around to my face and put his cock in my mouth.

The two men took turns rotating between my mouth and butt. Quickly after one dick left my ass, it found its way to my mouth. A cock right out of a butt was a new taste to me, but sucking a dick was an activity I liked so I got over the initial shock.

After the two boys took roasted me like this for awhile they stopped, the one in my mouth now said:

"I don't want to settle for her mouth anymore." He then asked me if I liked to fuck.

I sheepishly nodded that I did. The man in my mouth quickly lay down, his back on the kitchen floor. He waved his fat cock at me, and said:

"Get on it then, I want to feel that pussy."

I got down on top of him. He grabbed his dick and aimed it at my hole. His buddy pushed down my hips. I took over and bounced on him. I was really enjoying my ride, I bounced hard as I worked myself to another orgasm. I moaned and bounced cumming all over his cock.

"Ready for another, slut?" Asked a voice behind me.

I wasn't, but I was no stranger to having two in my pussy. And the times I'd done this both guys were thicker than these two.

I felt the second, but in a different spot than I'd expected. He was rubbing my butt hole! I felt the dick behind start to push in as his buddy under me slowed. The one behind me pushed harder and popped in.

I didn't approve of this, but with four strong hands on me, there was no where for this little blonde to go. I tried to escape still though. Unfazed the boys continued to pump. As the dick in my butt moved out the one in my pussy pushed in. The cocks continued to hump me at varying pace.

I reached down and gave my clit a rub. This action was getting my pussy super wet. I let out a number of moans and came multiple times.

After I stopped shaking for the third time the boys pulled out and stood up looking down at me. I sat between them squatting on my knees. They stroked aiming at my face. They both started to shoot together. They two dicks covered my face with hot, sticky cum.

When the final drops had fallen on my cheeks, one boy reached back and grabbed a t shirt stranded from the corner. He handed it to me, and I used it to wipe the cream off my face. I returned to my first sleeping boy. Totally nude the whole time.

I lay next to him and closed my eyes. My first night at college was 'different' but a good brand of different.