 Jake was lying on our bed, covers pulled up to his waist, his muscular chest illuminated by the lamp on the nightstand. He closed his eyes and said, 

'Whatever you say, dear."

I led Brooke into the room, holding my finger to my lips, motioning for her to be quiet and guiding her to the bedside. I ay down beside my husband and whispered, "Keep your eyes closed, and enjoy." I then began to kiss him on the lips, teasing and nibbling on them for a few moments before pulling the covers back, exposing him to Brooke's fascinated gaze. My hand stroked across his chest and touched his already erect cock, causing it to twitch and bounce.

Let me describe my husband. He is not a model by any means. He is a hard working fifty year old man, about 6'2", as I said before, in good shape, but not a body builder. He has a nice body, and has never had any trouble attracting the ladies. He shaves his head, and has an amazing moustache. But the most wonderful thing about his body is his cock. Just over eight inches long, and so thick my hand will not reach around it. I love to suck cock, but it is so thick it causes my jaw to hurt after a good blowjob.

I scratched my fingernails along his sac, up the vieny shaft to the purple head. Holding it away from his body, I sucked the head into my mouth, savoring the fleshy texture as I circled my tongue around it. I sucked for a few moments before raising my head from it and offering it to Brooke. I swung my leg across Jake and lowered my cunt to his face. My juices were flowing, and as he began to lick me, Brooke took his cock into her mouth. She engulfed my husbands' cock with abandon as I reached down to finger her pussy. She was as wet as I was, and I knew we would both explode soon. Jake was so wrapped up in eating me, he didn't even notice the switch we had pulled.

For a man, Jake is a master at cunnilingus. I adored the feeling of his tongue in my vagina, flicking my clit, licking my ass. As he ate me, I pulled Brookes head away from his prick, then held it pointing at the ceiling. She slung her leg across him, in the reverse cowboy position, and slowly lowered her cunt onto his cock, until her lips were against my hand.

Realizing he had a pussy on his cock while mine was on his face, Jake said, "What the fuck..."

"Just enjoy, baby. I wanted Brooke to be fucked by a real man, not that son of a bitch she's married to."

With that I moved my hand, and she pushed against him, taking him deeper inside. I reached around my female lover and cupped her breasts, rolling the nipples between my thumbs and fingers, and she leaned back into me, turning her head for a kiss. As we kissed, Jake moved slowly in and out of Brooke's wet cunt, while licking mine. I was approaching my climax, and slid my hand downward until I found Brooke's clit. I stroked it like I do my own when I masturbate, and she moaned against my mouth. Reaching further, I felt Jakes familiar cock pumping slowly into her wetness. I soaked my fingers in her juice, then brought them to our mouths and shared with her.

I gently pushed Brooke forward. Putting pressure on Jakes cock, and exposing her asshole to me. I watched them for a moment, then bent down and licked her ass. As I rimmed her hole, she began to cum, which caused Jake to fuck harder. His cock slipped from her cunt, and I took him into my mouth as he came. Try as I might, I couldn't swallow fast enough, and his cum dripped onto Brooke's ass. I rolled her onto her back, and buried my face in her snatch, as Jake watched in amazement. I felt him move, and soon he was fucking me from behind, driving my tongue against my lover's cunt.

As Jake plowed into me from behind, gripping my ass with both hands, I slipped a finger into Brooke's flowing slit, and continued to caress her clitoris with my tongue, lightly, teasingly one moment, then with more force. I learned that she was multi-orgasmic, and was fascinated to see her cum again and again. Meanwhile, my own peak was building, and when my husband slid his thumb into my waiting ass, I reached a tremendous orgasm. Jake pumped his second load into me, and we collapsed into a sweaty pile on the bed.

I crawled into my place in the bed, and Jake lay beside me, on his back. As I snuggled into my place on his shoulder, Brooke scooted up against me.

"Thank you for your hospitality", she said. "I hope you didn't mind, Jake".

"Not at all, but I must say I am surprised. I never thought Sarah would share me with anyone, although she has hinted that she would like to have a threesome with another man."

"That is a common fantasy, I believe every woman has at least once," I replied." But I don't think you could handle it," I teased.

"Watching you and Brooke was the most erotic thing I have ever seen. It was soo sexy, not harsh and vulgar, like the movies." He began toying with my nipple, making it harden. Brooke saw what was happening, and started to excuse herself.

"Don't go, Brooke. Stay in here with us. I promise we will get some sleep sometime tonight." I turned slightly toward her and pulled her to me. "I believe we turn my husband on, and I want you again." I pulled her face to mine, and we kissed. Jake slipped away, raising himself onto his elbow, and watched.

"Jake, do you want to watch me make love to your wife?"

Jake only nodded, never making a sound.

"Okay, but you cannot join in... this time. I promise one of us, or both of us, will take care of you, but this time is for Sarah."

We began to kiss, taking our time. We had rushed through our sex before, but there was no hurry now. I believe it was at this point that I knew I was in love with Brooke. And I also knew, from the way she looked at me, that she felt the same. 

I still loved my husband, though, and had no intention of changing anything with him. I loved them both, wanted them both, and it felt so right to make love to them both.

This was the beginning of the most beautiful time in my life!