  Ch 1: Thank you Justin

The noise of the alarm clock filled the small dorm room Sarah called home while studying at the University of Miami. As the college freshman reached out one tanned arm and perfectly manicured nails to turn off the alarm clock, the disturbing events of the prior night slowly returned and left the curvaceous blond sitting on her bed with her head in her hands, feeling just as confused as she had been when she first hung up the phone with Justin, her boyfriend back home. 

The two of them had been high school sweethearts and had even lost their virginity to each other the previous summer, but since Sarah had decided to move away to college the two of them were leading a long distance relationship. Things thus far had been going relatively smoothly and therefore it struck Sarah even harder when Justin told her he was leaving her for another woman. 

The breakup itself had not bothered Sarah too much; she knew their relationship wasn't likely to withstand the tests of time and distance but the words Justin had used to describe their sexual life together came as a shock. 

"Sarah, I wish I knew a nicer way to tell you this...but you suck in bed," he told her. "There are certain needs a man has and you just don't fulfill them. You are still Daddy's perfect little girl". 

Sarah had never thought about it that way before; but now that she kept hearing Justin's words reverberating in her head, she knew he was right. While she had always enjoyed sex in the past, she felt uncomfortable expressing her true desires out of feelings of shame and regret. She attributed it to her strict upbringing and her constant need to please her father. 

Sarah grew up in a small town in Georgia where everyone always knew everybody else's business. Her father was an extremely well known business man and was liked by just about everyone in the town. Because of that, Allison was rather reserved and straight-laced. She also knew that if she got in trouble at a party or anything like that, her father would know what she'd been doing long before she got the chance to tell him herself. She couldn't even go to the grocery store or the gas station without at least 5 people greeting her and asking about her father. It didn't help her situation any that she was an only child since her mother and older sister had died 5 years ago in a terrible car accident. 

Many times, Justin had asked Sarah to try new things sexually or even to just talk to him about her fantasies and desires. But Sarah just wasn't comfortable talking to him about these things. Even coming up with answers to the questions was a struggle for her. 

"Justin, you know who my father is. I can't behave like a hussy. He would be so disappointed and angry at me," she told him any time he would ask her to do something sexual that she deemed too risqué. It wasn't that she didn't enjoy sex; she was just too busy keeping her proper façade to give in to carnal pleasures. 

Groggily she sat up to look at the palm trees outside her window. "I can't believe it" she muttered, her face showing her emotional strain. "Have I been wasting my life by constantly striving for the image of perfection?" she wondered out loud.



After her classes finished for the day she couldn't help feeling a bit lost and confused about herself and her feelings as she decided to head to the Starbucks across the street from the campus to drown her worries in a Caramel Macchiato and the latest James Patterson novel. As she sat on the patio in front of the shop, she felt the heat of the sun beating down upon her skin. She hadn't realized how warm it was when she left her dorm room but she was glad to have a tank top on under her shirt now. The girl laid down her book and grabbed the bottom of her t-shirt, then began to pull it over her head. As she pulled off the shirt, several heads turned her way. Two guys were sitting a few tables over and they had already noticed this hot little blonde sitting just a few yards away. They had seen her around campus but never had to pleasure to run into her out partying. Since Sarah had never even been to her first college party no one had really taken note over her too much anyways, but now as she finally stripped off her shirt and let them get a much better glimpse of her cleavage in her little white tank top, they couldn't help but smile to themselves. What a great city to live in, they mused, thoroughly pleased that they had decided to go to a college only 15 minutes from the beach where beautiful women flourished.

But still, Sarah was totally oblivious to these two guys and anyone else who may have been glancing her way. She usually wasn't aware of her own beauty or sexuality and it had only begun to sink in that her size 5 waist and full 36C breasts were "something special." She was almost ashamed to go in places like Victoria Secret. Interacting with a saleswoman in there was a painful process for her and she always felt kind of like a child. Somehow, she admitted to herself, I am going to change my whole outlook on sex, sexual freedoms and I'm just going to try to start enjoying life overall. 



After finishing her coffee, Sarah began to feel a slight chill in the air as the sun began to set. She decided she would burn off some of her frustrations in the gym while she further contemplated her new outlook on life. As she gathered up her things, she didn't notice the two guys who had been staring at her and talking about her for the past two hours. Unfortunately, one of them had to be on his way to work. But the second guy, Brad, decided to follow this girl who had managed to pique his interest for a little while in hopes that he'd find a better moment to ask her out.



Sarah had been going full steam for the last thirty minutes on the treadmill. She felt like her lungs were going to explode and her legs were going to fall off at the same moment. She turned the treadmill speed down so she could get off the machine and wipe sweat from her forehead. She grabbed her water bottle and started to take a big swig when she saw him. 

He was standing across the gym, doing curls and watching himself and her in the mirror. He had staked out this vantage point for a while now and almost started to blush when he realized she had caught him.

Sarah, not expecting anyone to find her attractive while sweat poured out of her body, glanced over her shoulder a bit to be sure this gorgeous guy was actually looking at her. And when she realized there was only a blank wall behind her, she knew she was indeed his target. She began to check out this tall, muscular guy. She started with his full black hair which fell just about at eye level and he had to toss his head back from time to time to keep it out of his face. Then her focus moved on to his steel blue eyes which she could feel drawing her in from across the room. His chest rippled with muscles and Sarah realized she was hoping he would wrap his strong muscular arms around her and hold her tightly to him. His entire body was like a Greek god's and she started to blush as she suddenly felt a longing deep inside her. She wasn't totally familiar with this type of desire but she knew immediately that this was something which had been missing in her life and she looked forward to feeling more and more things like this.

Brad, feeling like he could go on eye-fucking this delectable blonde all evening, put down his weights and turned in her direction. As she quickly looked away from him, he smiled at her with his best seduction eyes. When he saw her start to blush again, he knew this would be his easiest score yet.

"Hi there," Brad started. "I couldn't help but notice you working out. I've actually seen you around a few times before but somehow we never really seemed to bump into each other long enough for me to ask you out. So I was just wondering if you have any plans for tonight?"

Sarah couldn't believe what she was hearing his directness caught her off guard, but she immediately liked that about him. This guy actually found her sexy even though she felt she was looking her worst and he was unbelievably hot which was a major plus. 


"Well, I..." she started to reply, "I guess you just might be in luck. I don't have any plans..."

"Great. So how about I pick you up at 8:30? We can grab a bite to eat and get to know each other a bit. Perhaps go to the Grove or the beach afterwards if the mood strikes us...sound good to you?"

"Yeah, that sounds like fun." They exchanged phone numbers and Sarah gave him her address. Of course he already knew what building she lived in since he'd been following her around all afternoon, after first laying eyes on her at starbucks, but she definitely didn't need to know that now.

Description of Sarah during shower scene

Returning to her dorm room after her work-out, Sarah felt a tingle of excitement as she thought ahead to her date with Brad. She stood in front of the mirror in her bathroom, watching herself as she pulled off her sweat soaked sports bra. Her nipples stiffened in the sudden rush of cold air from the air conditioning. Her perky 36C breasts suddenly felt heavy to her and she reached up and took one in each hand. What will it feel like when Brad starts to touch them? Will his hands be soft and gentle or rough and strong? What am I doing thinking thoughts like this?!

She finished undressing and climbed into the warm, steamy shower stall. As the hot water pelted down upon her skin, it felt like a thousand fingers massaging into her tired muscles. She exhaled deeply and started to feel her muscles loosening up. 

Sarah began shampooing her hair as the fluffy white suds cascaded down her slender neck past her shoulders and across her still erect nipples. Never in her life had Sarah felt the foam moving across her body as she did today. It flowed across her skin, soft and sensuous like a feather, and sent a chill up her spine. She inhaled deeply as her nipples became so firm, they almost ached for her touch. 

She leaned her head under the shower head and began washing the suds out of her hair, hoping this wouldn't make the yearning to touch herself grow even deeper, although she was finding that hard to imagine. She sighed in relief as she discovered the warm water relaxing her body instead of making her scream with desire. 

Her hair conditioning experience did not mimic that of the shampooing but Sarah had far from put the feelings behind her. She picked up her body sponge and began to create a thick, foamy lather. Just seeing the foam in the sponge somehow seemed to make her nipples ache again. Sarah began rubbing the sponge across her body, lathering herself from head to toe. And as the suds began to ooze down her flesh, she felt as if a silk sheet was being pulled across her. A moan escaped her lips and she reached up to run her fingers across her nipple.

Stop this, she thought to herself. What if one of the girls from next door, or even Kim comes in and finds me touching myself? I've got to get myself together!

She picked up her shaving cream and began to lather her legs. She lightly pulled the razor across the top of her skin, carefully and accurately as her mind wandered to thoughts of Brad's taut muscles glistening with sweat in the gym, straining with each repetition. 

As she shaved up to the top of her leg, she glanced at her coarse patch of muff hair. She once again thought back to her conversations with Justin. "I can't believe you are so afraid of what society would think of you if you shaved your pussy," he insisted.

"I just feel uncomfortable doing it. I would feel like a little girl without any hair down there." 

She ran her fingers thru the hair now and a smile spread across her lips. She grabbed the shaving cream again and squirted the purple gel onto her fingers. Exhaling, she placed her fingers on her hairy mound and began lathering up her tender blonde curls. Taking the razor in her hand, she placed the blade against her skin and pulled it down across her mound. There's no turning back now, she thought to herself. So she continued to shave herself bare, each stroke of the razor causing excitement and nervousness about the final outcome. 

Sarah washed away the shaving cream and looked down at her newly bare pussy. She made a few touch-ups to her lips and noticed how wet she was now. She also realized that the longing deep inside her was retuning and she knew she couldn't go out on a date in this kind of condition. If thinking about Brad made her want to rip her clothes off and throw herself at him, she couldn't imagine what she might try to do when he came to pick her up for dinner in an hour.

She had never really allowed herself to masturbate in the past. It seemed shameful to her, even just to think about touching herself, and she was too afraid someone would find out. Of course she had slipped on her resolve a few times, but these guilty pleasures had been enjoyed when she could be certain no one would find out about them. 

Standing in the shower of the bathroom she shared with three other girls, the pulsing from Sarah's swollen lips was too much for her to resist. She braced herself against the cold tile of the shower wall; the warm stream of the shower causing her nipples to grow hard again. She reached her hand down between her legs and the amazing feeling of her freshly shaved pussy pushed her excitement to new levels.

As she dragged her French manicured fingernails gently down the cleavage of her chest and on to her tight stomach, she vigorously stroked her pussy as visions of Brad gently kissing her body and sucking on her nipples flashed before her eyes, imagined him moving down her body and slowlz tracing his tongue along her shaved lips. His fingers spreading her lips, exposing her aching clit, and then him gently lapping at it. 

A low groan escaped Sarah's lips as she traced her fingertips over the soft skin of her bare mound. "Oh my god, I have never been so horny" she thought to herself, her newfound sexuality surprising her. Sarah was now fingering her slick cunt violently, pumping three fingers at once deep inside her. Her first orgasm was nearing, waves of pleasure washing through her body. Sarah continued pushing her fingers deeply, spreading her tight hole to its limit. The horny coed's moans became louder as fantasies of the possibilities of her date with Brad clouded her mind. Picturing Brad's muscular body over hers as he pushed his thick hard cock inside her made her arch her back. She squeezed her eyes closed, now moaning uncontrollably. 

Her mind flashed pictures of her sucking Brad's penis, her tongue tracing the head of his large veiny piece. Sarah imagined what his cum would feel like in her mouth, what it would taste like. Her juice covered fingers now fiercely attacked her pussy, the last images too much for her, her eyes rolled back and she let out a final guttural groan. Her body convulsed as burst after burst her nerve endings fired in a massive orgasm. 

Sarah had orgasms before, but never this violent. She felt as thought it would never end, her fingers still pounding her hole making obscene slurping sounds with each thrust.



Standing in front of her dresser, still feeling the moistness between her legs, Sarah resisted the impulse to reach for her favorite pair of underwear which would be her usual date attire. Normally Sarah would have opted for cotton boyshorts not much smaller than the tiny shorts she wore in the gym earlier. Still feeling aroused from her orgasm in the shower and the image of Brad's tight muscles made her reach for a pair of underwear tucked into the back corner of her lingerie drawer. 

Sarah shuddered as she ran her fingers over the lace of the tiny wicked weasel panties. She had never even considered wearing this thong. It just seemed too scandalous. It had been a gift from Justin who had ordered it for her over the internet in hopes that its small size would bring her to shave off her pubic hair, as the small triangle in the front was too small to cover the neatly trimmed patch of blond pubic hair she used to have. 

Adding to her new sexy image Sarah chose a sundress which clung to her curves in all the right places showing off the smooth skin of her legs, her sensuous back and youthful breasts. 

As she looked at herself in the full length mirror, Sarah noticed how the silky fabric of the dress covered her breasts with her nipples straining against the cloth showing her excitement. Sarah felt so naughty, the thin fabric offering less coverage than the towel she had wrapped around herself just a few minutes ago. Continuing to look at her body Sarah notice the pulsing in her pussy as the small thong covering her freshly shaved pussy began to suck up her juices. 

Sarah's hands started caressing her body running her hands sensuously over the smooth fabric of the dress, feeling the weight of her braless breasts, her nipples so tender that they shot arrows of pleasure through her body with every touch. Her hands slowly moving lower moving her right hands along her smooth thigh while her left hand felt the muscles of her flat stomach. "I am such a nypho," Sarah thought to herself, "I just played with myself in the shower not five minutes ago and here I am looking at myself in the mirror needing that rush again. It's all Justin's fault". Her fingers slipped into the lacey fabric of her panties and a small groan exited her lips as she gently caressed her smooth lips. She was even wetter than before, as she kept watching herself with both hands now caressing her pussy. 

"Why am I so horny today," she thought, her fingers slowly tracing her wet groove. "How can Justin's wake up call push my buttons like this?"

Sarah's fingers moving faster, gently testing the opening of her tight cunt. She watched herself in the mirror, her dress bunched up around her waist and now eagerly stroking her clit with one hand and sticking two fingers into her dripping wet hole.Her thoughts started to run free inside her head getting lost in the pleasure she was now experiencing as her fingers deeply pumped in and out of her longing pussy. Suddenly she remembered, Kim keeps her dildo in the dresser next to her bed. Wanting to feel the touch of the sleak glass dildo nearly drove her crazy. Following her impulses she crossed the room and opend the drawer. Not able wait to fill her tight hole with the massive shaft. She laid on Kim's bed with her legs spread open lewdly, her body aching from the desire deep inside of her. She tensed as the cold tip of the dildo touched her dripping wet pussy. Her juices coated the long shaft as she slid it deeper inside her, the glass veines rubbing her insides just the right way. She increased the speed of the pumping and had to bite her lips to keep from screaming out in pleasure. Then it hit her, she hadn't locked the door and was lying here on her roommates bed, with her dress bunched up around her waist. The thrill of Kim or someone else walking pushed her further into extacy, her pussy dripping juices. She continued attacking her pussy hard until her vaginal muscles garbbed tightly around the sleak glass dildo and shefinally exploded. Struggling to keep her screams locked inside her face contorted. From the way she looked one could have distinguished whether she was in pain or ultimate pleasure. But for Sarah it was clearly pleasure. Her vagina grabbed at the glass cock harder as waves of pleasure radiated through her body. It seemed like hours until her orgasm slowed down. 

Finally Sarah regained enough strength to pull the dripping dildo from her swollen vagina. As she laid there with her eyes closed she faintly registered the sound of her bathroom door closing. She was still to hazy to open her eyes, but she knew that she had been watched. Instead of feeling ashamed by the thought of someone seeing her behave this lewdly it made her feel tingly inside. Instead of dwelling on the fact that she was now "that girl back in college" she wondered who it was that saw her pleasuring herself. 
