 [My dear friend writes stories as Pixie2001. She is my inspiration for this story and contributed some of the memories and ideas. I'll never forget her kindness.]

[ Reprise of Part One – If you haven't read Part One, here is the beginning of that part: "This is a love story. It has convinced me after years of personal denial that Dr. Kinsey was right; we are not made all one thing or all another. Each of us is part heterosexual and each has a part that is capable of loving another woman. 

The thought had never crossed my mind until I met Sarah. For Sarah was perfect. A mother would see her as the perfect daughter; a husband would see the perfect wife; a teacher would see her as a perfect student. And I, ... I would come to see her as a perfect lover."] 

Part 2: Exploring

Each of us took a turn at the wheel of the boat. It stood before a wide bench inside at the front of the cabin. I was standing at the large wheel doing my turn steering up the lake. Sarah was sunning on the deck at the very front of the boat.  

Jeff and Steve were sitting on the deck drinking beer and laughing uproarishly at each other's stories, and I'm sure gazing with pleasure over the well oiled and tanned body lying before them. The sun was baking them and each had taken his shirt off and they were leaning back in their chairs like they owned the world. 

"Wow, that sun will cook you." Sarah came inside and sat beside me on the bench seat. She leaned against the back with her feet up on the window sill.

"Shall I do you toenails later?" I said, smiling down at her.

"Ohhhh, yes, .. please! I love the color of yours." Sarah replied.

I jumped at first. Then realizing it was Sarah's hand and not some varmint, I relaxed and pretended nothing was happening. Her hand slipped up under my shorts on the inside of my leg. It made my hands tremble with excitement and pleasure.

Jeff leapt up and headed for the refrigerator for beer, and she jerked her hand away. 

"Steady as she goes, ladies, steady as she goes!" he said as he marched past with two more beers.

"Aye!" Captain," I said. and stood stiffly at attention. And he banged through the door and back onto the foredeck.

Her hand touched me lightly and slipped along my thigh until her fingers tickled very lightly against my panties. She traced along the leg band, just idly tracing it with her fingertips. I parted my legs a little more and gazed out over the bow.

"It was beautiful." she said very quietly.

"Yes." I murmured. We hadn't had a moment together since last night, and she was stealing a few moments to tell me.

"I don't recall a nicer,... a nicer orgasm." She sighed.

"I've never enjoyed giving anyone pleasure more than that moment." I looked into her eyes and smiled as if I was talking about something completely mundane, even making a gesture with my hand to conceal our true conversation. 

Her fingers touched the folds of my pussy through my panties and I'm sure she felt me tremble.

"I am so sorry."

"What? About what?" I asked, a frown touching my forehead.

"That we couldn't ... make you ..."

"You made up for it. Really. It was so lovely,.... I couldn't ask for more, .... every touch, .... ...." I waited a moment concealing the conversation again. "Do you understand? Every second was, .. .... precious."

"Good, me too. I do understand then." She sighed and slipped her finger past the tight leg of my panties.

"Would you take the wheel a moment?"

She looked startled, but yanked her hand out of my panties quickly and took the wheel.

"I just need a minute." I said and touched her shoulder as I passed her.

Quickly I slipped into our bedroom and stripped off my shorts and panties and put on a little wrap around skirt and took the wheel again.

Her hand slipped under the loose skirt and found me bare. Sarah gasped and I felt her hand tremble between my legs. She clutched my thigh for a moment and then slipped higher along my thigh and her fingertips touched my moist lips and seemed to flutter just a moment then trail along my slit, very gently exploring.

"Ohhh, .... thank you." she whispered

"I want you to, ... really feel ... every bit of me, Sarah." I whispered hoarsely.

I wasn't sure just how long I could bear the stimulation of her hand before my knees collapsed. But I loved her loving touch. She continued exploring and we tried to make conversation. Her fingers soothed the hair of my mound and her thumb slipped deep between my wet lips. I pushed against her a little bit and she slipped her thumb into my vagina. Her leg pressed against mine trying to increase our contact. My vagina swallowed her thumb and the web between her thumb and forefinger made love to my clitoris. My heart was pounding.

"So soft." she murmured. "So pretty touching you like this."

"Mmmmmm." I answered. I didn't fully understand why this was so thrilling nor why I was loving a woman for the first time in my life, but I knew that I wanted these moments very much and I felt like I was melting with emotion as she played in my wet slit.

She leaned forward when the men turned to look at something and pretended great interest. It was Steve's turn for the beer run and he banged through the screen door. Again her hand snapped to her side.

"Want me to take it for awhile?" he said cheerily.

"No!" I said almost too quickly. ' .. ..It's too hot in the sun right now anyway. Better put on some lotion, honey." 

"I'll bring some out." Sarah said. And she got up. I felt desolated for a moment then came to my senses.

I watched the little jiggle of her breasts as she rubbed oil onto Steve and then Jeff and then fended off their offers to rub oil all over her beautiful tan. I smiled at their pleasure and understood.

When she came back she looped her arm around me and nuzzled my cheek, knowing that a small show of affection like that would not be taken wrong by the guys. Her hand trailed down over my bottom and then she sat down once again. Her hand slipped under my skirt and coursed lightly across the twin buns of my bottom, one of my favorite erogenous zones.

"Yes! Touch me there,....." I urged.

And so she rubbed so very softly across my bottom that I felt close to cumming just from the joy of her hand soft and gently touching and caressing me.

The boys came in and we stopped to make lunch. It was a lovely boat ride.

We anchored and sat together for lunch and planned the afternoon.

"I'd like to just lie quietly and soak up some sun. I could take off my top if you would, Jackie. How do you feel about that? And is it Ok with you guys if we do that?"

The guys tried to be non-plussed about it, but they were too obvious in their serious looks and shrugging shoulders.

"Why need you ask those two?" I asked. We laughed at their grins and sidelong looks. "I'm fine with it, just like the Spa, right"

"And will you guys be gentlemen and not make a lot of coarse remarks."

"I will simply go into my shell, ... ... and enjoy the view." Steve said.

"I'm with Steve." Jeff joined with a grin. They both looked like the cat who was about to swallow the canary.

And with the waves lapping quietly under the boat, we took off all our clothes and lay nude on the upper deck, Sarah and I.

It was peaceful and the sun was very hot. Jeff's head peered over the top of the ladder with beer for us.

"No clothes on the upper deck!" I said, grinning at him as he handed me the beers." 

"I don't think I can do that right this moment, Jackie. You two are so lovely that I am having a hard time climbing this ladder." 

His eyes kept dropping to my breasts swaying before him as I reached for the welcome beers.

"Besides, we are going to take you into tonight's canyon now and then see if we can catch fish for tonight's din-din!"

Safely in the our canyon for the night, we tied up for the day and the boys dropped their fishing equipment into the dingy and motored off into the shadows of the overhanging canyon wall. We could hear them talking after they shut off the motor, such were the acoustics of the cathedral-like walled canyons We could watch them nearby, as we lay snoozing.

Sarah's hand soothed the small of my back and then moved down to caress my bottom and I did the same to her. I glanced at the guys fishing while I smoothed more lotion on her back and then smoothed more on her bottom, lingering in the deep warm crease with my fingers extended and touching her everywhere.

"Ohhh, Jackie, Mmmmm, what you do to me. I just love your touch."

"I know. Me too. I'm dying to kiss you again. Do you think they would notice?"

She looked toward the dingy and then looked at me. "They are kind of close."

"Shall we do your toes, then?"

She sat up and I reached the polish out of my cosmetic bag.

She sat facing me with one leg extended.

"You're even pretty between your legs, you know that?" I squeezed her toes and buffed them slightly.

She giggled "Oh, stop," she said, "do you want to see me?"

I nodded and smiled at her.

Without any self consciousness, she spread her legs and leaned back.

"Look at me, Jackie, look at my pussy." she whispered.

I paused and looked at her. The hair had been trimmed from between her legs except a little that would not show under the bikinis and thongs she wore. Her mound was like a lush sugar loaf and her pussy lips slim and tapering down between her legs like sleek, long teardrops and I could see the pink tip of her clitoris. I glanced at the boys and touched her, just brushed my knuckles along the thin pink line 

"Pretty, hon." I murmured. "That's where I want to kiss you."

Her voice caught in her throat. "Really?" she said breathlessly. "Ohhh.".

"Thank you." I said and pushed her legs together so I could do her toes. I raised her foot for a moment and kissed her toes, looking down her leg into her pink slit.

I stroked the paint on one toe and held it up for her inspection.

"Oh, what a pretty color. What is it?"

"Estee Lauder" I said pushing the bottle toward her. "JUNGLE RED, for the tiger lady!" 

I concentrated on the next toe, reaching to fill the brush with just the right amount of paint and carefully flooding it onto each nail in turn. Sarah watched intently.

"Can I see you?" she said as I dabbed the bright red on her big toe and smoothed it with the little brush. 

"Yes, ... yes." I said.

Again I looked to see if the boys were occupied and spread my legs wide. I leaned back on my hands with the pretense of letting the paint dry. I combed my fingers through my bushy hair, almost a forest compared to her neatly tended little triangle. She stared long and hard at me and I brought my fingers there and spread my lips apart so that the flamingo pink of my slit glistened and my clitoris stood up in my soft creamy moisture.

"I think you're beautiful too. I'd like to trim it for you sometime. I'm very careful." she grinned.

"OK, that would be fun. I told you I was terribly shaggy."

"No, it's nice. I liked touching it last night."

I took her other foot and surreptitiously kissed her toes. Glancing over to find the boys facing away, I boldly sucked the toe next to her toe. She smiled and closed her eyes at the tiny pleasure. You have the Patrician ruling foot, you know? This toe being the longest. 

I put her foot on my knee and began spreading the scarlet lacquer carefully over the little nails.

And so we teased each other while our men fished for our supper. It was a delightful little interlude, so simple and yet, one of the most sensual things I have ever done.

Dinner Dates

The dinghy clunked against the side of the boat and Jeff climbed on deck with a stringer of glistening fish.

"Look what we did!" he exclaimed. "We deserve a romantic dinner, don't you think?

I started to put on my wrap but Sarah stopped me with a smile. We looked at each other and climbed down the ladder still completely nude. The guys were thrilled with their catch and we awarded them each a kiss from each of us, and went around to the front of the boat for a quick dip in the lake to clean off our oils.

The water was refreshing and we swam out a few feet and then treaded water under the shadow of the boat. As we treaded water our legs bumped and we looked sexy through the crystal clear water. I took hold of a handhold on the side and Sarah swam up to me and put a hand on my shoulder and let her arm lean against my breast. We pressed close and she wrapped her legs around my thigh and pressed her mound against my leg and raised her other leg to press against my pussy. We took a moment for the kiss that we had been longing for.

"Did you notice?" she said.

"Yes, your husband has an erection!" I laughed.

"Oh, I didn't notice him. I was looking at your husband." We giggled together and then climbed aboard and took turns for a quick shower. 

"What will we wear for this fancy dinner?" she called. I stepped into her bedroom and looked at what she had hanging in the little closet.

"Ohhh, Sarah, will you wear this? I held a little frock that was daisy yellow and white in crossing stripes of varying width. Almost a bold argyle. And it buttoned down the front in a very tailored look. It's your color, ...... and I love it!"

"Yes, of course. I like it too. Did you bring yours by any chance?" She held up the bra we had bought for her in Lucerne.

"I did, as a matter of fact. A perfect night for it!" 

"Let's see what you have." she said. She sorted through the little selection clothes and picked the crisp light blue striped dress also buttoned down the front and also a very tailored look. We had similar tastes.

By the time we were ready we would have looked OK in the dining room of the Ritz Carlton.

I fixed a pitcher of Margaritas and Sarah fixed a potato and onion dish that could be cooked in aluminum foil on the grill. We also had fresh corn that could go on the grill.

"You boys need a shower; we look too good to be fishermen's wives." I shouted to them. Jeff came in first and whistled.

"Lordy, lordy, will you look at the two babes they fixed us up with?"

"You'll do," I said and hugged him briefly.

They cleaned up pretty well and we had a table set on the upper deck with candles blowing in the light breeze. Dark had fallen and Steve was ready to cook. The potatoes and corn were already on and he had put the fish into aluminum foil with rings of onions, butter and lemon so that it would steam nice and tender.

As I expedited, Sarah was the star of the show. Her bright yellow and white dress simply leapt out at you and her tan skin glowed with the dress as a background. She had bright yellow beads, a single strand, which draped close to her canyon-like cleavage. The boys were obviously pleased and surprised that we looked so elegant on a camping trip. We clinked our margarita glasses, sipped the salt from the edge of the glasses and exchanged a round of congratulatory kisses.

"Good grief, the woman has so much money she wears it for jewelry!" Steve said staring at the glint of gold coin hanging just in the lovely cleavage of her breasts. "Where on earth did you get a 50 Swiss Franc commemorative for alpine skiing?"

"Oh, a naked lady once gave it to me to distract people from the ugly birthmark. Do you like it."

"Like it, it's worth a few bucks you know, very popular back home! It looks nicer there than I've ever seen it. Where's the birthmark?" he wanted to know.

"Have you not noticed it?"

Stephen looked closely across her face and then smilingly at her breasts. "No, I don't see any defects at all?" he said with a genuine smile.

"Then it has worked!" she exulted and squeezed my hand and smiled.

"Really, where is it?" he persisted.

"The naked lady told me it would work. You'll just have to search this week."

"Well then, here's to the hunt!" Jeff said, and we drained our glasses amid mystery on Steve's part and laughter from the other three of us.

When we finished the tart Tequila cocktails, we opened white wine and Steve started cooking the fish. The aroma was wonderful.

It is hard to do better than freshly caught fish and our dinner was spectacular. We sipped the wine and talked and joked and laughed and opened more wine and the candles flickered in a very flattering way on our faces. We were all in love that night.

"We don't have dessert tonight, and so, ..... it will have to be, .... us!" I said with a teasing flair. I opened another button on my dress showing a little cleavage. Sarah followed my lead and unbuttoned one more button showing a hint of the lace bra.

The boys thought it sounded better than cheese cake.

"I think you should unbutton one button each fifteen minutes until you carry us off to your beds!" Jeff said.

"Wait, who's carrying who?" Sarah asked. 

We continued our wine and looked off at the few flickering lights down the lake and up at our canopy of stars.

Time for another button yet?" Jeff asked.

"No, not yet," I said. "Not yet."

We unbuttoned again and Sarah's dress stood open nicely displaying the meringue like lace cups of her bra.

"Oh my god, you brought it!" Jeff groaned, pleased.

"And you too?" I opened my next button and pushed myself out a bit so that the lace shown bright white in the candle glow. Aren't those the prettiest things you've ever seen?" Steve said.

"You mean her breasts?... then yes, I agree." Sarah said quickly.

"I agree too," said Jeff. 

"Exactly." said Steve, recovering quickly, "my lovely wife's lovely breasts!"

"And my beautiful friend Sarah's truly beautiful breasts." I said.

"Hear, hear." they agreed.

And so we sat entertaining our husbands with our pretty underwear and our deep cleavages lighted by candlelight. No one seemed bothered that the two men were sharing the beauty of the other's wife and so the party continued.

Fifteen minute after fifteen minute span and our dresses were open to show the band of bright white panties in the vee at the bottom. Our husbands seemed to enjoy their glimpses of our lace covered breasts in quiet admiration.

Steve slipped his hand under my breast and softly caressed the underside curve while he continued the conversation. I leaned closer to his hand putting my breast into it, and sighed quietly. 

Jeff did the same, following the lead. They continued fondling their wives and sipping our wine in the soft evening breeze.

"Steve," Sarah said.

"Yes?"

"Steve, .... would you touch me like that too?"

I wasn't sure how that was going to work with Jeff and I looked closely across at him. He blinked a moment and looked at her, then leaned over and kissed her lips. Then leaned back away and smiled into her eyes as he fondled her breast.

I nodded with a question mark on my face when Steve looked at me. And I watched as his hand tentatively reached inside the open dress of my friend and gently cradled her other breast.

"And would you like my husband to touch .... you,.... Jackie." her voice was a whisper in the night quiet.

I looked at Jeff and smiled into his handsome face. "Would you.... ... Jeff?" 

Jeff's hand slipped past the open dress and slipped under my other breast. For some reason it seemed perfectly alright. I looked at Sarah with two men's' hands now fondling her breasts in that elegant lacy bra and then looked down at the two hands cupping my breasts and now even exploring a bit. I looked at my husband's hand now covering Sarah's breast and her husband's hand clasping mine so nicely. My nipples were rigid as they played with my breasts and a moan of pleasure escaped my lips.

The candles winked at us and Sarah and I raised our glasses and toasted for all of us.

"To our men!" she said. Her pretty eyes gleamed at me and her lovely soft sweetheart lips looked moistly scarlet and eager to be kissed. I understood. She understood. She was making love to me through our husbands and with our husbands. Somehow it was beautiful and lovely.
