 Chapter One: Cum Talk To Me

Sarah and Marc were sitting at home relaxing watching a little television after coming home from a family BBQ. Sarah thought it would be a good time to talk to Marc about going to one of those parties again since their sex life in the bedroom had become hum drum dull. Her pussy and the taste buds on her tongue are craving for "something" different and it is time to put some spice back into their bedroom activities.

It had been a year since their last party they attended and they both had had a lot of fun. Sarah in fact often day dreamed about the multiple orgasms they both had at that party and how all her holes were filled with no orifice left empty or satisfied. Sarah often had a flashback to her personal bouts with the many men from that night and after so long a time the faces and the cocks from that evening began to blur in her mind.

Marc put his arm across his wife's shoulder and asked, "What's on your mind? You look far away and sort of dreamy. The last time you had this look on your face you had three cocks around you. What are you thinking about, sweetheart?" 

Sarah told Marc that she had been thinking a lot about the party that they attended last year and that she was waiting for a good time to bring it up about going again. Sarah put her hand on Marc's dick and says, " I know you want to put this in another pussy and I want to watch you do it. I have been thinking about it a lot when we are in bed and my clit swells at night when I imagine you fucking another woman."

Marc's dick starts to harden and Sarah didn't know that he had been thinking about the same thing, but he had. He loved the idea of his sexy wife bent over and her pussy being rammed by some strange guy with a big cock, while her tongue is licking the juices out another woman's cunt. He has had this image of his wife since their first orgy and it has never failed to make him instantly horny.

"Sarah...you took the thought right out of my head," Marc says, "Look, I got a hard cock like I haven't had in months. I want to ram that ass of yours and get you ready for another group fuck. We can invite a couple and let them invite some folks we don't know....and have a real orgy....What do you think?"

Sarah's pussy starts to throb just at the thought of another orgy. She gets so excited she jumps up off the couch and heads for the office to go retrieve her address book. While she is looking for the address book in the drawer, Marc walks up behind her and leans against her. Sarah can feel his hard dick against her ass. This made her look for the book even quicker. The thought that Marc's cock was one of her flashbacks convinced her that another party had to happen and happen soon. 

Marc says " I can fuck you over this desk right now, but I'm going to wait for our company tonight!" He leans against his wife's back and pretends to help her, while inhaling the sexual lust now radiating from her skin. He reaches down around her waste and starts to rub her pussy. "Here ...let me help." 

Sarah opens her legs a little wider and as he rubs on her pussy her hips moved with his hand. Wanting to cum right there in her pants, she tries to hold it and, then finally finding the address book, she turns around and giving Marc a deep kiss, takes his hand away from her now wet crouch, and walks back over to the couch.

Flipping through the address book Marc and Sarah begin to pick a few people out of the "party" book. Marc gives her the numbers while Sarah makes the calls. Marc strokes his wife's pussy as she invites people and Sarah strokes his cock in between calls. Now they have made each other hot as person after person agrees to the orgy idea and some promise to come over tonight. Marc and Sarah begin to realize that they have a lot of friends who want to fuck them.

Their last call is to Tom, a single black man, who lives near them and who is a co-worker of Sarahs. He agrees with Sarah's invitation and says he would like to invite some "friends". Sarah agrees and smiles as she hangs up and tells Marc, "I think the party is on. Tom is going to bring some friends." 

"Can you imagine his cock in you Sarah? Tom has a real monster. And I love his girl friends. He always has a big tit cocksucker as a date. I would love to watch you take that couple on. Tom pounding your ass and you sucking his girl friend off. That would be worth the cost of a part." Marc smiled as Sarah pumps his shaft and laughs.

Sarah's mind is already seeing the thick black long shaft of Toms as her mouth going down onto its bulging head. She feels herself getting hot and shaking her hair loose she lets go of Marc. 

"I'm getting into the shower so I can get ready. Are you coming?" Sarah asked.

Marc hops off the couch " ya baby I'm coming with you I need to get in there myself."

Marc and Sarah walk up the stairs and into their bedroom. Marc undresses while Sarah gets the shower ready to a nice warm temperature. After taking off her clothes she steps into the shower and begins to soap herself up. Marc then walks into the bathroom and walks into the shower stepping behind her. Marc begins to rub soap on her tits feeling how hard her nipples are, he starts to rub his cock between her ass cheeks. 

"Sarah, I haven't been this turned on in months," Marc says, kissing her neck while rubbing her large ponderous breasts. "God I want you..." Now he drops a hand to his cock and telling her to brace herself against the shower stall he inserts his thick wet cock into the ass he loves to fuck and watch being fucked.

"I hope you get a lot of cock and cum tonight," he tells her as he forces his shaft up her ass. 

Sarah adjusts her body and looking over her shoulder tells her husband, "Marc shove that cock in....deep....fuck my ass...open me up....I want to be wide and hot for anal all night...There are going to be some big cocks cumming tonight and they are all going to be cumming in here...." She then shoves her asshole towards Marc sucking his cock deeper inside herself.

"OH GOD Marc! Fuck my ass!" Sarah cries out at the top of her lungs sticking two of her fingers inside her own pussy. Stroking her inner walls while he rams her up the ass.

Marc grabs a hold of her tits, pinching and tugging on her hard stiff nipples, as he moves up against her ass. Then pulling on the end of her hair every time he thrusts into her, he fucks her while pictures of other women, their pussies and mouth flash inside his mind. He thrusts to different colors of skin, lipstick, and orifices. He fucks woman after woman in their mouth, their pussy, and always in their ass!! 

Sarah can't take it any more, her pussy begins to throb as she puts her hands up on the shower wall to grip something but there was nothing there for her to hang onto.

Marc then grabs both of her soft thighs, lifting her off the shower floor, pulling her into him, while her hands are flat against the wall. He moans loudly as he begins to stroke yet harder and faster.

"Oh... baby, I'm going... to cum!" Sarah bellows out, trying to catch her breath, while the twitching between her legs intensifies but couldn't. Instead she accepts the pounding Marc delivers after thrust after thrust. Her body relaxes as the cock widens her. She accepts her husband. She accepts his cock. She allows her mind to accept all the cock which have ever found her ass the center of their desire and have unleashed loads of cum into her. She leans against the wet shower wall and allows it to happen again and again.

Marc rams into her one last time, his eyes rolling to the back of his head, as he fills his wife's ass with his creamy love spunk. Pulling out of her, Marc watches his cum seep out her ass, down between the Lips of her pussy. Mixing with her cum then running down her inner thigh. Marc wanting a million other cocks to invade her ass and add their spunk to his and flow out of her. Marc wants to see his wife take cock after cock.

"Baby," he breathes kissing her neck as the water washes over her skin and refreshes his mouth. "I'm so glad we had that talk. I'm ready to hit that pussy again full throttle tonight."

Sarah gives him a deep kiss wrapping her tongue around his and give his ass a tight squeeze. " Honey I'm so ready for this party; we have needed this for a long time."

Handing him the soap, they both wash each other gently. Then rinsing off, and stepping out the shower, grabbing two towels, they both dry off and open the door to the walk in closet to look for something to wear for the night.

Reaching for the rack Sarah grabs a long red lingerie gown with two slits up both sides of each leg that go to her waist. It is also low cut in the front and displays both of her nipples out the top.

"Oh ya baby! I like when you wear that one!" Marc says while rubbing his cock.

Marc takes his leather biker shorts of the shelf turns to Sarah and asks, " Should I wear these tonight?"

Sarah smiles and nods her head "Yes honey. I love those on you and they show your big bulge in the front to."

They both take their clothes into the bedroom and start to dress for the night.

Walking down into the kitchen Sarah starts preparing the snacks; while Marc calls the liquor store to order a keg and a few bottles of liquor for delivery.

Chapter Two: The Party Begins

The first to arrive was the liquor store delivery guy. Sarah yells at Marc that he should get the door and Marc opens it and says, "Great, guy, you are right on time. Here, I'll give you a hand. Let's take it into the kitchen and I'll get your money." 

"You set the stuff here and I'll go get my checkbook."

Before the dumb founded young man can tell Marc he can't take a check Marc has left the room. He shifts nervously eyeing Sarah and her gown, but when she turns around with her nipples hard and perky, his mouth hangs open.

"We're going to have a party," Sarah explains, lifting her tits in there cradle, first one then the other. "You like?" she asks searching the young man for his response. 

His eyes fixed on Sarah tits, the delivery guy wets his lips with a long tongue and drools, "I like those..."

Sarah walks up to him and by reaching her hand to the back of his neck and pulling his mouth to her breast, she says, "Well they are ready for a party" 

As the young lips took in one of Sarah's nipples, Marc returned and looking at his wife said, "You just couldn't wait. You want the party now, don't you?" 

"Mmmmm, he is good, Marc. Or am I still tingling from your dick this morning?" Sarah teased as she held the young head to her harding nipple, "What do we owe this man?"

The delivery guy looks up at Marc, withdrawing Sarah's nipple from his mouth, and said, "It's on me if I can come back later for your party."

Marc looks at the delivery guy, then at Sarah, and smiled, "Of course you can come back for the party! Sarah would love it, I know."

The delivery guy let go of Sarah's nipple, turning towards the door, and then turned back around. "By the way my name is Justin and I get off in about an hour, so I'll be back by." 

Turning back towards the door Justin walks out as Marc and Sarah say, " We'll see you later then Justin!"

Marc and Sarah walked back in the kitchen to get the glasses for the bar then setting the liquor behind the bar on the shelf. Sarah grabbed a clear glass bowl from the cabinet and filled it with different colors and scented condoms and set it on the bar. Marc walked over to the hall closet and pulled out a blue plastic bag taking it back to the bar. Marc dumped little packages of lube from the blue plastic bag into the clear glass bowl with the condoms.

Marc and Sarah then went into the garage and picked up the mattress they had stored in there and carried it to the living room area. Sarah took the plastic covering off of the mattress, while Marc went to get a fitted sheet for it. When Marc came back with the sheet, he put it on the mattress as Sarah grabbed some pillows and threw them on the mattress.

Marc walked over to the stereo and put in some CD's to play for the evening. " Okay...I think.. we have everything ready" Marc says to Sarah.

The door bell sounds again and Marc can feel his cock bulge as he yells to Sarah, "I'll get it." As he opens the door there stands Tom with a woman on each arm. "Hi, Tom," Marc says and steps back to welcome the group in.

"Hi, Marc. Come in girls," Tom says stepping inside. "Is Sarah here. I brought a couple of house warming gifts."

"Ya of course she's here! she's in the room straight back to the right. You can make drinks at the bar and there's a keg in the kitchen. So What are the house warming gifts names?"

"This is Amber and Trisha, Tom replied." 

Trisha was a chocolate goddess, she was thick but all in the right places. Her thighs were plump but so solid and her tits were to look like to be a double D size. She had short hair and so gorgeous. Trisha had on a short leather skirt that went to the end of her ass cheeks. When she bent over you could see her pussy along with a black leather vest with her tits exploding out the top. She had a pair of black high heal shoes that made her legs look long even though she was about five foot five.

Amber was very thin and tall with long red hair. She was a sight for lustful eyes to with her wearing a red dress that stopped at right above her knees. The back of the dress criss crossed showing most of her back and the front was like a upside down triangle with her what seemed to be a size C cup popping out the sides. Her skin was fair so creamy and smooth. She had a pair of red spiked heels that tied all the way up her calves. 

"Well its very nice to meet you two! Can I get you anything? Tom, you can go say hi to Sarah and I'll show the girls around."

Marc walks the women over to the bar and makes them a stiff drink then giving them a tour of the house. " I want you to feel comfortable while your here and if you need anything just ask. et me introduce you to Sarah."

Tom is met at the kitchen door and given a wet,hot,lusty kiss by Sarah. As her tongue leaves his mouth, she guides him to the living room sofa and, without a word spoken, pushes him down, kneels in between his legs and unzips his pants, saying, "You aren't going to need these much tonight." while she fishes out his member from its confines. 

Sarah starts to stroke his cock with her hand then wrapping her lips around the head, licking the precum off the tip, she then swallows his whole cock down her throat stroking his dick with her mouth. Tom settles back, knowing how Sarah gets when she gets into her cock sucking. Putting his hands lightly on her head, he watches and listens as Sarah gets into her hard rough gag inducing deep throating.

Sarah sucks Tom's cock as though Tom isn't there. It is just her and this large thick member with her saliva, her mouth, and her hands working like a porno whore. Sarah's mind now wants to play out the scene that has dominated her libido since the idea of the orgy party first came up. Sarah wants to suck and jerk off a large cock and as she twists this shaft and rides Tom's cock, she knows she will get the mouthful of cum she craves. 

Marc leads the two women into the room to introduce them to Sarah, but seeing that she has already gotten started, he says, "Excuse us, ....Sarah, I need you to meet Amber and Trisha. Tom brought them with him tonight. And I..just gave them the tour.. of the house... and I told them if they need something just ask."

Amber quietly says, "And Sarah, well, I do need something."

Marc and Sarah both look at Amber. " What do you need honey?" Marc asks.

"I want to eat Sarah's pussy, while Trisha finger fucks mine"

Marc's eyes lite up and Sarah smiles lifting her gown up over her ass. "Well come and get this juicy snatch" Sarah says as she returns to Tom's still ridged rod.

Tom guides Sarah's mouth back onto his cock saying, "Girl, I am so close to giving you the biggest load of cock cum you will ever get. Just suck this thing like you mean it and forget about your pussy being eaten out. Shit, girl, you are the best mouth in this room."

Trisha turns to Marc and tells him to lie on his back on the floor near his wife so she can suck his cock and finger Amber's pussy. "And take off those biker's shorts." Trisha orders.

Marc unzips his shorts and Trisha pulls them down as he steps out of them. He walks over and lays down on the floor stroking his cock with his hand getting it ready for Trisha's mouth. He watches as Amber gets ready to eat his wife.

Amber bends down on her knees, spreads Sarah's ass cheeks apart, and slides her tongue between Sarah's pussy lips,tasting all the the juice seeping out. MMMMMmmmm, she licks, lapping up and down Sarah's slit.

Trisha got on all fours and entered two fingers inside Ambers pussy, stroking her hard and fast; while she also deep throats Marc's now fully erect cock. Much to Marcs delight, Trisha takes his cock in all the way until her lips meet his balls. Again, MMMMMMMMmmmmhh sounds in the room.

Then the doorbell rings and Marc must get up to answer the door. As he opens it, standing there was Craig and his wife Iara.

Craig was a muscular guy bald and fun to be around and Sarah just loves his ass. Iara, a Brazilian woman, is very quiet but a freak behind closed doors. She had long dark brown hair and had a toasty tan. Iara is dressed very conservative like she was trying to hide behind her clothes what a freak she was. Seeing Tom in all his naked glory, Craig pulls Iara inside telling her, "See, this is the right place."

Marc tells them, "Sarah is a little occupied right now. Come into the living room and meet everyone. First let me take all your clothes. Craig what is your wife's name again? She is lovely. I love your complexion. We should see all of it."

Marc smiles and Craig says..."Iara. This is Iara. Honey, give Marc your clothes." As Iara undresses, she looks passed Marc toward the other room hearing the sounds of the sex that was growing louder. Almost in a silent trance, she disrobes her eyes fixed on Sarah's naked body working on a monster cock while being fondled by two beautiful women.

Iara is in a trance while she stares at Sarah and satisfying her growing hunger, her pussy starts to throb. 

"Damn..I need some of that so fucking bad!" Iara says as she starts to pinch her own nipples. 

Chapter Three: Never To Many

"God Sarah....god...I am going to come."

"MMMMMMhhhgg"

Now pumping and sucking Tom's swollen cock, Sarah is lost to the idea of cum exploding into her mouth. She pumps the cock and she grips it in a fury with her mouth. No longer can she even feel Amber's tongue as it licks her. She must have her victory, her prize. She must complete Tom's blow job and feel the fluids of victory in her mouth. Sarah gulps and gurgles as she allows Tom's monster member to use her as her hands twist and turn the massive dick to a climax.

"Your wife likes to give head?" Iara asks Marc stepping out of her clothes and placing a hand on his shoulder to steady herself as she removes stockings. "So do I." she whispers wetly into his ear and then sucks his earlobe. "I love to suck a hard ass cock down my throat baby." Grabbing his dick stroking it with her hand "Mmmmm... I want to feel this sliding back and forth on top of my tongue."

"She also likes pussy," Marc smiles, "Craig, you want to join the others, or do you need a drink first?" 

"AHHH, No, Marc. Just give me a glass?"

"Oh, darling ..must you? That is too freak much."

"Here."

"Excuse me, I got to get something," and with that Craig walks to Sarah and holding the glass to her mouth offers, "Sarah, share some."

Sarah opens her mouth and looking down at the glass watches Tom's cum slide in it. "Are you collecting?" she asks, "I can get more."

"Yea," Craig smiles, "It will be a prize for later." 
