 It was my girlfriend's birthday (21), we had decided to take a holiday abroad for it. Sarah always tanned well in the sun. She is 5'10, slim, long blonde hair, tits that cradled nicely in her bikini, one of those asses that you have to grab when you see it, and a baby-face innocent look about her too, yeah that one were you just want to cum all over it!

So here we were on the night of her birthday, abroad, enjoying a nice quiet meal together. Sarah was wearing a low v-neck neck black top that hugged her body and allowed a great view of her breasts, she also wore a short black skirt that I had conveniently bought for her birthday. The skirt only covered her ass cheeks and I had to eat her sweet young pussy out to get her to wear it out that night. I told her that I had an extra surprise for her birthday but that she would have to wait until later.

After a delightful meal and plenty of wine, Sarah wanted to take me home as wearing such a short skirt and plenty of wine had her feeling horny, she wanted some fun. This was fine by me, we made our way back to our apartment with my hand firmly on her ass cheek all the way. On nearing our apartment she began kissing me and feeling for my cock, I knew from previous experience that she wanted it right there and then on the street, but I wasn't going to let her have her way that easy, much tempted as I was. This seemed to have her even more crazy for cock as she started telling me how she really wanted it, but I could only tell her to wait until we reached the apartment.

At the front door to our apartment, I grabbed her and we kissed, my hand slipped between her silky thighs and I could feel just how wet she had become. She smiled at me, 'You want some cock' I asked. Sarah smiled even more. I led her inside and sat her down on the edge of our bed. I slowly un-buttoned my jeans in front of her and fished my cock out for her. She sat there and smiled at me with her innocent face and licked her blowjob lips. She reached out for my cock and began pulling my foreskin gently back and forth. She leaned forward and licked the head of my cock, all the time looking me in the eye. She took a tighter hold of my cock as she continued to gently stroke it. I couldn't wait to watch my cock slide in and out of her pink lips, and feel the warmth of her mouth.

Suddenly there was a knock at the door, Sarah didn't release her grip, nothing in the world was going to interrupt what she wanted, after all, it was her birthday! Sarah leaned forward and took the tip of my cock into her hot little mouth. There was another knock at the door, this time louder. I pulled my cock out of Sarah's mouth, much to her reluctance. For an instant, a trail of pre-cum hung from Sarah's lips to my cock, a truly amazing site.

I went to the door, part of me strongly wanted to continue what was going on, but another part of me new that if I waited, I would be rewarded even more. On opening the door, I was met by a familiar face whom I'd met earlier that day, we both exchanged smiles and I nodded for him to enter.

Sarah sat on the bed and watched with amazement as I stood aside from the doorway. I looked back at her, sitting on the bed in her short skirt, her white silken thong clearly visible. Five young men entered the room and stood over her. I had asked her to wear her white silk underwear that night, why? Because all five men wear black and I wanted to see them run their hands all over my girlfriends body and to totally use her for their pleasure. I shut the door and went to her side and gently whispered into her ear; 'You want cock? You got cock'.

As if this was a cue for the guys, they all dropped their trousers and pulled their cocks out to attention in front of Sarah. I slowly backed off and took a seat in the corner with my cock in my hand, ready to watch my girlfriend get totally fucked by big hard black men.

The first guy in front of her took a step forward, Sarah never even looked at me. She reached out with both her little white hands and wrapped them round this hard nine inch tool and began licking his cock head. Its thick bulbous head produced pre-cum as it smeared over her mouth and lips. She began to take more and more of him into her mouth, it was if she hadn't eaten in days. To me it was a great site, a small blonde dressed in very little, with five big black cocks hovering over her, all waiting to be serviced.

Things began to get messy from here on in, the first cock that she had begun work on was about to erupt in her mouth. The tall black guy stiffened and, by the look on his face and hers, came hard in her mouth. The result was a large out-cum! Sarah tried hard to swallow it all, but a small dribble was pouring from either side of her mouth.

Pulling out of her mouth, another guy stood in front of her to get his blowjob. Again Sarah began pulling, licking and sucking at him. Her lips were sliding up and down his shaft, his black meat passing in and out of her throat. I watched as he stiffened up in front of her, she knew what was cuming. The black guy pulled out and began spraying his load across Sarah's face. Sarah sat there with her mouth wide open, catching anything she could.

The next two up again had huge wads to explode into her mouth. Cum was dripping from both side of her mouth now and hanging from her chin. There was even cum running down between her breasts. The fifth guy took his place in front of her mouth. His cock quivered in front of her cum-drenched face. He began pulling himself as he looked down at her, Sarah's mouth opened wide as if by instinct, waiting for his salty sperm. Sarah could taste all the sperm in her mouth, even feel its lumps in the back of her throat. 

The guy continued to masturbate himself while looking into Sarah's face, her open mouth a welcoming site. He took a clump of her blonde hair into his hand a began pulling at himself harder now. As he neared climax, he shoved his cock in one swift move, as far down Sarah's mouth that he possibly could and came hard down her throat. Sarah didn't even flinch, her throat was so lubricated that the guys cock simply slide all the way in. She enjoyed this new sensation of feeling a cock head pulsing at the back of her throat as she sat there.

Having spent his load, he pulled out of her mouth and stood back, they all stood there looking down on her. Sarah was a site, her hair was a mess, she had cum all over her red face, dripping from her chin and running down between her breasts. She looked back at them and asked what was next?

All five guys quickly undressed and then turned to Sarah, they brought her to the middle of the bed and stripped her down to her white silky matching underwear. Laying her down, two of them knelt either side of her and the fifth knelt at her feet. Their hands began to roam all over her tanned sexy body, their big black hands contrasting on her white delicate skin. Sarah lay there and watched as they stroked and probed her, a hand from the side made its way across her smooth stomach and snaked beneath her little thong. She felt it run across her clit sending shivers through her, he continued to play with her as another hand entered her thong and began slowly running up and down her pussy lips.

From my point of view, there was a frenzy of action going on in those little thongs of hers, all I could see was a lot of movement in them and Sarah's body react with pleasure. A hand came from either side and slide down the top of her bra, both hands cupping a breast each and squeezing hard. The fifth guy kneeling at her feet had begun running his hands up and down her legs while sucking on her toes. Sarah was in a complete state of arousal, she was been molested by all five of them at this stage.

The fifth guy began to widen Sarah's legs and bring himself closer to her, with his big black cock in one hand, he leaned forward and pulled Sarah's little white thong to the side. Three black fingers were buried in her pussy and fingering away at her as he pulled them aside. He lowered his cock as the fingers moved out of the way and he began to rub his cock head all over her pussy lips. Sarah's body rose from the bed to meet his cock, she wanted it so much inside of her.

A hand from either side now grabbed an ankle each and held her legs in the air. The fifth black guy began to slowly enter her. Sarah could feel his huge cock enter her slowly, stretching her inner walls. He slowly began working away at her, taking his time to feel himself entering her. Her assailant briefly mumbled something to the others and in unison, they turned her over on to all fours.

With his black cock still firmly lodged inside her, he began thrusting himself into the little blonde. Everybody had a perfect view of Sarah on her hands and knees with her gorgeous ass in the air and a large black cock sliding in and out of her. Sarah's head was bowed, her eyes wide shut as she felt the strong thrusts from behind and a firm pair of hands on her hips. I know from screwing her myself that she loves doggy style and I could tell at this moment in time, she was absolutely loving it, what a perfect birthday gift.

After a good screwing in this position, the black guy began to tense and I watched the expression on both of their faces as he began shooting his load deep inside her pussy. As soon as he pulled out of her another black guy took his place. He was tall and muscular and had a huge cock, he knelt behind her and began sliding his hard tool into her pussy and watched as her whole body tensed with the realisation of his size. Again she was given another seriously good screwing in this position, Sarah all the time moaning aloud. She reached forward, grabbed a pillow and buried her face in it as she continued to get fucked from behind. Soon he was shooting his load into her hot pussy and Sarah was screaming into the pillow.

Two of them stepped forward now, the first knelt behind her and guided his big cock all the way into her pussy. He held it there as the second guy took the pillow from her and grabbed her by the hair. Sarah's mouth opened wide as his cock slide between her lips. From this position he began skull fucking her while the first guy began screwing her from behind. Being screwed by these big black guys was something new for Sarah, but having a big cock fucking her and a cock in her mouth at the same time was an even more exciting experience. She was loving it and felt like a right little slut servicing two guys at the same time. It didn't take long for both of them to tense up and reach an orgasm. It was obvious that they had planned it so that they'd both come at the same time. Sperm flowed into Sarah's little pussy and gushed into her hot mouth at the same time, leaving her overflowing at both ends!

Only one guy hadn't screwed her at this stage, he stood forward. Kneeling behind her on the bed he pushed his cock into her cum soaked pussy. He leant forward and grabbed her wrists, pulling her arms behind her back. With her faced buried in the pillow and her arms behind her back, the last black guy began pounding away at her.

He must have screwed her like that for a good ten minutes before finally roaring out as he came. When he pulled out, sperm oozed from Sarah's pussy. She was too dazzled to notice. She knelt up and looked around at the five black men over her, staring down at her, was it all a dream she wondered, her senses numbed.

Two of them picked her up and led her into the bathroom, the rest followed. I moved and sat at the end of the bed now, our sheets soaked in their juices. I watched as they bent her over the sink. They began by sponging her down in hot water, paying particular attention to her ass. Soap was evenly applied and soon her hot little tanned body was gleaming under the bathroom light. They took a bar of soap and began rubbing it up and down the crack of her ass, pushing it hard against her body. I began to see what was going on as the soap began to dip in and out of her asshole.

One of them had worked up a soapy lather in his hand and began working one of his fingers into her hole, as one entered he kept fingering her ass slowly, working another finger inside. Soon there were four fingers working on her hole. The fingers were soon replaced by a cock smothered with soapy lather. The black guy rubbed his cock head around her arse hole before finally sticking his cock head in. Sarah's body stiffened, she had never had anal sex before and had never expressed an interest in it.

He worked more and more of his cock into her and I was surprised at how easy he made it look, these guys had probably done this stuff many times before. I was a bit hurt by the fact that they were taking her anal virginity away from her, but who was I to stop these five towering guys.

One of them spread a towel out on the ground and lay down on it with his huge cock standing to attention. The guy with the cock in Sarah's ass gently lifted her up and stood over the guy on the ground. With his cock still firmly lodged in her ass he began to kneel, bringing her with him. She had no choice but to lower herself onto the erect cock. It slide into her pussy with no effort and Sarah's knees finally rested on the bathroom floor.

She now had cock in her pussy and cock in her ass from behind. She had liked the idea of pleasing two guys at the same time, but she had know idea just how soon she'd be doing it again. The two guys began gently rocking back and forth, she could feel the cocks almost side by side, it was a seriously amazing feeling she thought to herself. A third guy stood in front of her and placed his cock in her mouth. Now she was pleasing three guys. The last two black guys continued to sponge her body with soapy hot water, one rubbed her back, the water running down the crack of her ass, the other rubbed across her erect nipples and down her smooth stomach. They took a hand each and rested it on their cocks. Sarah instinctively began pulling both of them off. She couldn't believe, 21 years of age, the apple of her father's eye, a gorgeous body, having it off with five blokes at the same time.

The guys either side of her stood up so she now had three dicks aimed at her face. She continued to suck and fuck, nobody was quite sure who came for, but all of them came in their own time, filling her ass, mouth, pussy, one of them even came in her ear. They slowly got up and made they're way into the bedroom, Sarah remained in the bathroom alone.

Feeling that she needed me I went in and closed the door. She asked me to run a shower for her, her energy was drained. I helped her into the shower and removed what was left of her silky thongs, I thought I'd hold on to them as a souvenir. Sarah leaned against the wall as I began washing her body down. I asked if she hated me but she could only smile and say no, that she enjoyed it and she thanked me.

Feeling so horny after this entire ordeal, I keenly eyed her ass up. While rubbing her down from behind, I purposely let my erect cock rub against her ass cheeks. I think she soon got he message as she spread her legs a little and leaned more against the wall. I grabbed my cock and gently worked it into her asshole, the way the other guy had. In this position I fucked her as furious and as hard as I could, the feeling amazing, although it wasn't long before I exploded in her ass. She had even reached around half way through and spread her ass cheeks wider for me.

After the shower, she wrapped a towel around herself but was nervous about going into the bedroom. I led her in to find that the guys had all gotten dressed again. They all smiled and thanked her, complimenting on what a great gang bang she had been. Her face reddened, not for the first time that night, and she could only smile back at them. 

They stood to go and I led them to the door. Sarah brushed passed us all and said a big thanks to all of them. The five of them lined up to get out with Sarah in front of them. The first guy began kissing Sarah and reached for her ass cheeks beneath her towel. Sarah reached into his shorts and was rubbing his cock. He lifted her onto the side table and spread her legs. From this position he stood between her legs and began fucking her. All five of them queued at the door and fucked her on the way out.

When all of them had left I stood between her legs and we both kissed long and hard. I know she loves me, especially for letting her enjoy such an experience. The only problem now is satisfying her. She's very turned on by threesomes with two blokes (which I don't actually mind) and every time she sees a black guy, I know what she's thinking of what she would do to him. I carried her to bed that night and we made love into the early hours of the morning.