 [My dear friend writes stories as Pixie2001. She is my inspiration for this story and contributed some of the memories and ideas. I'll never forget her kindness.]

* * * * *

Meeting in Lucerne

This is a love story. It has convinced me after years of personal denial that Dr. Kinsey was right; we are not made all one thing or all another. Each of us is part heterosexual and each has a part that is capable of loving another woman. 

The thought had never crossed my mind until I met Sarah. For Sarah was perfect. A mother would see her as the perfect daughter; a husband would see the perfect wife; a teacher would see her as a perfect student. And I, ... I would come to see her as a perfect lover.

I did not plan it, not at any time was it planned. Unless, .. .. unless there is something in the subconscious mind which plans ahead for you. But, I am far ahead of my story. To understand, we must start much earlier. It began in Lucerne, actually. My husband and I and our two children lived there for a two-year assignment for an international chemical company. 

We were early, and the waiter led us to a table for eight at the back of the sumptuous restaurant amidst a sea of crisp white table cloths and crystal glassware. The walls were paneled in rich, solid, handcrafted hardwood with huge mirrors to reflect the elegance. Tasteful oil paintings in ornate gold frames graced the room.

As the hosts, Stephen and I took seats at the head and the foot of the table and I mentally organized the table in my mind. I would put the visiting American couple in the middle of the table, the local plant manager and his wife next to me and the Chief Financial Officer and his wife on the other side of the Americans.

Dinner at Eight

The others soon arrived in a group. I knew all the locals and their wives, of course, and then the two young Americans were introduced. He was tall and strikingly attractive. He held my hand while we were introduced and his eyes flashed in that exuberant American way of young men who know just how to meet and charm company wives. He turned and presented his wife.

"And this is my wife, Sarah, if I can get her away from Bernhardt." He laughed good-naturedly and his pretty young wife turned and looked at me with a slightly bashful smile and wonderfully haunting eyes framed by soft brown hair loosely draped close to her face. 

"Sarah, we are so pleased to have you visit Lucerne. Please, we want you right in the middle, over here."

Her soft full lips turned up in a bright smile as she said. "I'm so pleased to meet you, my friend Mary Ann met you last year and has told me so much about you."

"Oh, yes, Mary Ann, ... ... Morgan, isn't it? A sweet girl. We had such fun together."

"Mergen, yes that's her. You were very kind to her," she corrected.

She took her seat and held my eyes a little longer, seeing me as an American oasis in a sea of other languages. I knew exactly how she felt and how baffling it was at first.

Dinner and wine were both splendid and the conversation lively with a lot of laughs. Everyone spoke English and the good talk and laughing about shared experiences in the company flowed even better than the wine.

Heidi and Kurt, seated closest to me, were good dinner companions, but each time they were engaged with others, my eyes crept back to the beautiful girl I had just met.

Sarah was vivacious, and shared her warm smile with one and all. But still, I thought that each time my eyes turned to her, that she had just finished looking at me, and turned courteously to someone else. I didn't know why I seemed unable to keep my eyes off her. She looked beautiful in front of the large painting of a young cavalry officer. His blue uniform made a perfect frame for the girl's bright orange dress.

And the orange dress was incredibly complementary to the smooth suntanned skin of Sarah's shoulders and face. It made her eyes and hair just leap out at you, too. I caught myself staring at the perfect curves of the tops of her breasts above the frock. Tiny little straps supported the dress, emphasizing the smooth inviting curve up to her shoulders. I wrenched my eyes away before anyone caught me staring in awe at the luscious breasts so natural that she may not have been wearing a bra. She couldn't have been more than 5 feet 2" or 3. While she was slim, she also had a rounded look that made her a devastatingly good-looking woman. Her breasts were just right, large for her frame, definitely not small.

"I'm sorry, Kurt, what was it you said."

'Stunning isn't she?" he said quietly, leaning close to my ear. Kurt is a dear friend and we laughed about my being distracted.

"I was just thinking the same thing, Kurt." I admitted returning his smile. His gentle touch on my arm made me comfortable that he meant no ill for having caught me staring at our pretty guest. "What is it they say about youth?"

He rolled his eyes and smiled his agreement.

Sarah was leaning toward the man on her left, listening to his story, but her eyes were on me again, looking up through long lashes. I smiled at her. That's the thing about Sarah, she makes me smile.

The Spa

"Mrs. Simmons, you must come with us to the Spa tomorrow. It's our regular day, Jackie and I go once a week," Heidi said, leaning forward.

'Oh, I don't know much about that. Maybe I shouldn't intrude. I don't want to be a bother... ... .." Sarah replied, a hint of concern in her eyes.

"Yes, you really must, Sarah. We'll take good care of you. It's really wonderful. Jeff, tell her she must come with us! She has time, right?" I appealed to her husband for support. He looked non-plussed and shrugged in her direction.

There was really no escaping and she agreed reluctantly.

And so, the next day found me asking for her at the desk of the hotel. My heels clicked across the marble floor of the lobby to wait by the elevator. Sarah appeared almost immediately looking smart in a very short skirt that brushed across the top of her thighs.

She strode toward me and we pressed our cheeks together and hugged briefly before hurrying out the door.

She swung her tanned legs into the car and I leaned across to help with the stubborn door. The sunlight gave her legs a golden glow and I wondered how she kept from putting on a panty show for the boys in that tiny skirt. I smiled happily that she had the chutzpah to carry it off. And of course with legs like that who cares.

"Sarah, I just want to fill you in on the Spa. It will be a bit different for you."

"Yes, Jeff warned me that it's nude. Right? Is it ALL nude?"

"Well pretty much, yes. But everyone is nude, so you get used to it. It's really quite pleasant after you get over your American nerves. OK? Besides, you're going to be the best looking person there!" I slapped her thigh playfully, then thought I shouldn't have done that.

"Oh, sorry!" I blurted.

She smiled at my discomfort and laughed.

We parked the car and found our way to the locker room of a Spa in the lower floor of a hotel. I picked up towels and robes for both of us and lead the way into the locker room. Looking into the open door of the shower, we could see two women and a man casually showering and talking together tiled, open area with half a dozen shower heads. I looked over my shoulder and shrugged at her big wide open eyes.

"Different, eh?"

"Different!" she said. "I think I'm going to like it!" she giggled and nudged me in the ribs.

Heidi was standing between the rows of lockers in just her panties and greeted us with a hug and a brush of cheeks. It was a little awkward with her in her panties, but that's the way she is. It's wonderful that she is completely and totally natural any time you see her.

"I'll go see if I can find us some chaises." She slipped into her robe and then took her panties off and stuffed them into the locker shelf.

We found a locker to share and I unbuttoned my blouse and hung it up. I followed with my skirt and stood unclasping my bra. Turning, I saw that she had not moved. I left my bra hanging from my shoulders and reached to unbutton her blouse with a quiet giggle.

"You are going to enjoy it; I promise." 

My fingers brushed the opulent curves of her breasts as I continued unbuttoning her blouse. 

"OK?" I said, looking up.

We stood looking into each others' eyes, both smiling. Slowly, she stripped off the blouse and I hung it up for her while she slipped her short skirt down her long legs. She stood looking beautiful in panties and a French cut bra that made her breasts look splendid.

She unsnapped the bra and her breasts slumped only a little bit. Just enough to give a lovely under curve swooping away from crisply delineated brown areoles capped with nipples like cone-shaped candy kisses from Hershey.

"Here goes nothing!" she murmured, her hands poised inside the sides of her panties. She pushed them down over her hips, stepped out of them and tucked them into the locker. 

We stood naked facing each other. I slipped into my robe and held hers for her. Mine hung still loose and open, framing the rather large forest of dark brown hair at my mound. My 36C plus breasts have the natural shape of a forty year old.

"You look beautiful!" she said, her eyes having reached to the triangle at the tops of my thighs.

"You're being kind, but, ... .. thank you!" I said sincerely.

"And you, my dear, look absolutely beautiful!" I exclaimed, and then held the robe for her to slip into. I noticed the pert, trim tuft of black hair on her prominent mound. The curly patch veiled a neat little slit promising full lips swooping back to the shapely buns of her bottom. I could not remember looking at a woman before with so much attention to detail. 

One finger traced self consciously over a barely visible light brown birthmark just under her left hip bone. (See what I mean about attention to detail? It's a character flaw.)

I touched it with the tip of my finger. "Pretty little beauty mark!"

She wrinkled her nose at me and turned to step into the robe I held for her.

I regretted pointing it out and tried to recover. 

"You know, your beauty spot is just the size and color of a famous 50 Franc coin here. It was made for the 2003 Alpine Ski Championships. I had in pierced to hang on a gold chain, but I never used it that way. Now when someone asks about your mark you will tell them it's your 50 Franc Piece. And the tell them a naked lady gave it to you as gift! I myself have no such story to tell about it, so it is silly to wear it! "

I dug into my purse and slipped the gold coin and chain around her neck. It rested nicely above her cleavage.

"Perfect!"

"Oh, you mustn't! Really! I do love it, though. I may never go home, you know?" 

I pulled the robe closed around her and suggested we leave.

"There you are, nice and snug?" I said reassuringly. "We're off!"

Heidi was waiting for us with three chaise lounges in a row.

Sarah got comfortable a lot faster than I had when I first came here. Before I realized it, she was up from the chaise and striding toward the pool, bottom jiggling prettily and boobs nicely curved beneath nipples betraying the excitement she was feeling and trying to hide.

A lot of jaded eyes which took pride pretending not to notice everyone was naked swung along the top of their magazines to watch her cute figure bounce past.

She cut an arc through the air and sliced into the pool with hardly a splash, then began doing laps as the eyes returned to hide behind their magazines.

I slipped off my robe and stepped cautiously into the hottest hot tub I had ever been in. I could almost feel my skin turning red as I lowered myself slowly through the steam.

Shopping

We came out into the fresh autumn afternoon feeling wonderful the way only a massage and steeping in incredibly hot baths can make you feel.

"I feel limp!" she said, "and wonderful!"

"Isn't it an amazing feeling? Heidi and I do it every week."

"Sometimes twice," Heidi chimed in with a smile. We stood for a moment together in the sun, and then said goodbye to Heidi and hurried off to my car a block away.

"My husband demands that I buy some sexy European underwear before we leave." she said, an embarrassed little smile crossing her lips.

"I know the perfect place. And I know just the kind of husband - same mold as my David. But aren't they wonderful?"

We laughed and joked as I made my way across town through the busy traffic and found a carpark near my favorite lingerie shop.

The sales lady was very helpful. She was an older woman who knows her business and understood the situation immediately. She began laying wonderful lacy garments in front of us and then standing in the doorway of the fitting room as Sarah tried on bra after beautiful bra.

Bra shopping is one of those hateful chores, finding just the right fit and something pretty at the same time. But doing it with a friend is sometimes much better. 

I realized at that moment that we had become friends, Sarah and I, as she asked my advice and turned one way and the other to give me a good view.

"Wait a minute, wait a minute!" I called. "You have to have this one!"

"Oh, yes!" she exclaimed and hurried to loose her big breasts from a pretty one whose cups just wouldn't accommodate her anyway.

It was a froth of lace and showed off her all-over tanned body like a beautiful French dessert. The panties were similar. Not a practical thing about it, but the effect was devastating. She could have walked right onto a photo-shoot for Elle Magazine in that. 

"I envy your 'usband, Madame." the sales lady said. "Or your lover! Who can say, after all." She grinned devilishly.

We all laughed together about her comment, but it troubled me that the same thought was on the tip of my tongue.

Looking at the way the white lace let her dark nipples show through, "I could only say, "Honey, you look as good as a French Éclair on one of those lace doilies at the restaurant!" 

"You have to have one of these too! It will look wonderful. Your husband deserves it too, don't you think," She was bubbly and happy with her purchases.

"I don't think I'll look as good as you. I don't think so!" I laughed.

"You must. Do you have one for my friend, too?" she said urgently. How could I resist. Before I knew it, she was pushing me along toward the booth and unbuttoning my blouse. We became like giggling high school girls in the tiny booth.

I reached behind to unclasp my bra and felt my 36C bust release as Sarah slipped her hands along my arms to scoop up the straps. I felt the trace of her fingers barely skimming my nipples as the bra came away in her hands. I felt myself blush and my nipples crisp.

She shook the bra out in front of me and let me slip into the straps, then went behind to fasten it for me. Sarah smoothed her hands along the silky band of the bra and turned me around, her hands barely touching the sides of my breasts. Or perhaps I was imagining it.

"Oh, Jackie, it's pretty. Look how pretty you are!" I stood looking in the mirror, but my eyes were drawn instead to the pretty brown eyes looking over my shoulder. She smoothed the band under my breasts and I loved having her touch my breasts. 

"He'll love it. And you too!" she added. 

"You said the magic word! I'll take it! But not the thong, I'll take the full panty." I said to the knowing sales lady.

"No, no, at least take the bikini,.. ... or the hipster! Or one of each?" Sarah burbled. 

Just briefly, she put her hands under my breasts and lifted gently. 

"Gosh you're big!" Her face crinkled with a confident smile.

We said a reluctant goodbye on the steps of the hotel. And I gave her a small gold box of Swiss Chocolates for her trip home.

There were happy tears as we embraced one last time. And she turned and swung through the revolving door carefully tucking her packages close to her body. Her skirt, rucked up by one of the packages, let her taut yellow panties over that lovely little bottom wink at me.

I slipped the car into gear and said to myself, "Yellow, yellow is your color, kid!" 

It was a fun shopping trip and it would be the last time I would see my new friend for more than a year. 

Friends

I thought back to that pleasant meeting over the next few months. Occasionally Steve would come home and mention talking to Jeff and say that Sarah said 'hello.'

"Oh, that's nice of her. I really like her. Do you think they'll ever cross paths with us again?" I said.

"Oh, no doubt they will. Don't know when, but you know how they keep us on the move. I'll see Jeff pretty often at meetings." 

He went back to his paper, but I found myself staring out the window into the darkness and thinking of Sarah's haunting brown eyes and her bright laugh. I suddenly realized that my reminiscence had gone further. From her eyes, I had relived the sight of Sarah's breasts undressing together in that locker room; the smell of the spa and the sound of showers in the background and slamming of locker doors returned to my ears. And my eyes, .. .. my eyes drifted down to her firm, prominent mound with its cute little tuft of hair hiding that neat looking slit between her legs. I remember watching as she slipped into that lacy French bra and how the cups had seemed molded just for the shape of those wonderful breasts and .... ... I shook my self and looked guiltily over at Steve. What a strange daydream, I thought.

It must have been prophetic because the very next morning, out of the blue, I found an email from Sarah. It was tentative in tone, thanking me for the day at the spa and "that wonderful shopping trip!" Again, my mind's eye conjured a picture of her bright red sweetheart lips breaking in a smile as she shrugged her arms into the lacy bra and settled her breasts into its clinging lacy cups. My vision was strangely detailed and I couldn't imagine why the entire day came flooding back as I read her brief note.

"Do you remember how I practically forced you to buy the same set? I was so pushy I think I even fastened it on you, to make you take it! I apologize for being so pushy. However, Jeff goes wild every time I put mine on and Jeff and Steve have talked about those bras, so I know you have attracted a lot of attention. So maybe it wasn't such a bad Idea."

It was true, though I didn't know it had been discussed by the boys. I stopped and enjoyed the thought of it.

"Life has gone back to ordinary here after my adventure with you. Go to the grocery store. Come back and check my e-mail. Do laundry. See if anyone is chatting online. Pick up the cleaning. Work on an outline for a story. Really kind of weird, I guess. It makes me wonder what the women I see buying groceries at Wal-Mart are really thinking beneath their "normal" exteriors. I think it's really fascinating to ponder that. It seems that we all lead fairly normal lives, while at the same time, carrying around all this sexual energy. Makes you wonder why we don't explode sometimes."

That was the end of her note and I reread the last lines quizzically. The sexual energy was certainly true, but I hadn't thought of Sarah feeling it too. Or was it just an accidental reference? Maybe it was not even referring to our shopping trip. I printed it out and clamped it between my lips as I toted a basket of laundry upstairs.

As I folded things away in my panty drawer, I took out the lace bra and on a silly whim, stripped off my clothes and cupped the lacy bra over my breasts and stood grinning guiltily into the mirror with my arms craned behind my back for the clasps. I leaned forward to let my breasts settle into the cups and my mind flew back to the way Sarah's pretty breasts had looked. I pulled the lacy panties up over my hips and imagined Sarah in her thong style and how she had argued for me getting "at least" the bikini. 
