 We had been invited to a cocktail party at the Croydon Park Hotel in south London as the guests of one of my husband's clients who were celebrating his fortieth birthday.

I wore the favoured 'little black dress' for the occasion, a black velvet cocktail dress, very figure hugging and sexy, but sophisticated enough for a semi-formal party. It was open backed and held on with a thin satin lace, criss-crossing all the way up from my lower spine, at the front it was also cut low but under-wired, enhancing my breasts and giving me an impressive cleavage. The dress was quite short, reaching to about mid thigh, and underneath it I wore nothing but a black suspender belt, stockings and a pretty crouch-less butterfly thong, on my feet a pair of black stiletto-heeled shoes.

The host had invited about one hundred and fifty guests and although we did not know any of them at the time the atmosphere was lively and quite friendly so we soon got chatting with various people. 

At about 9pm a disco arrived and before long the lights dimmed, the disco started to pump out its music and the party began to warm up as people took to the dance floor. The drinks were flowing thick and fast and I was really enjoying myself laughing and dancing with a small circle of friends Kevin and I had made. 

At about 11pm I was left alone momentarily as Debbie, one of the women I was talking with got whisked off to the dance floor. 

It was then that this huge guy approached me. He was about 6'2" tall and built like Arnold Schwarzenegger! He had a massive chest and his muscular arms looked formidable, he had short-cropped brown hair and although he was not what you would call stunningly good-looking, he had nice eyes and a strong face with an easy-going, if slightly roguish expression. He looked me up and down slowly as he walked up to me and then cutting no ice he abruptly said.

"Hello luv, are you up for it tonight then?" 

I was stunned into silence for a moment at his unexpected words!

"I'm sorry?" I replied somewhat indignantly and not quite sure if I had heard him correctly. 

"I've seen you at that swingers club over in Forest Gate." He pressed on, "I know it's you coz I stood and watched you get licked out by some bird in front of everyone! You were spread-eagled against the wall and she went down on you for about half an hour while that bloke you're with tonight sucked on your tits! Granted I was not looking at your face that much but I know for a fact that it was you." 

Oh my God! It was true! He had described exactly what had happened to me three weeks earlier in a fetish club I had visited with my husband and girlfriend. My girlfriend Tracey had decided to have some fun with me, and this guy had obviously witnessed the whole thing!

I could feel my face going bright red as his words rapidly sunk in! 

"I'm sorry," I stammered, obviously looking completely guilty, "but you must have got the wrong person." 

"Oh come off it luv, I know it was you!" He paused and his voice took on a reassuring tone. "Look, I won't say anything to anyone, I just wondered if you fancied getting together later that's all? Bring your bloke along if you like, I don't mind." 

I stuck to my guns repeating that I wasn't the person he thought I was, and with that I turned away as indignantly as I could trying to hide my further embarrassment.

I heard him say, "Oh well! It's your loss!" over my shoulder, as he walked back to his friends. 

Kevin had seen my face as the guy was talking to me and came over to ask if I was okay. I told him all that the man had said and Kevin asked me what I felt about it. I answered that I was caught off guard and a bit taken-aback initially, but I was not really bothered about it now that the shock had worn off. 

"What did you think of him?" he asked. 

"I don't really know?" I replied honestly. "I was so surprised that I didn't really think anything about him at the time... He was pretty big though," I mused, "I felt absolutely tiny while he was leaning down to talk to me." 

As I said that Debbie returned and grabbed my arm and I went off to dance with the girls, putting it out of my mind. 

We had pre-booked a room for the night as the party was going on until the early hours, but about midnight Kevin appeared holding my coat and asked if I fancied going on somewhere. I asked why? And he said he knew of a great place not far away and that I would love it. So we said goodnight to our newfound friends and headed off towards the reception.

A mini cab was already waiting for us at the entrance to the hotel and as soon as we climbed in the back it sped off without asking where we were going. I had consumed many more drinks than usual have this evening, due to the company of dedicated boozers we had mixed with, and as a result I was now feeling quite under the influence.

Ignoring the driver, Kevin hitched up my dress and slid his hand up the inside of my thigh as soon as the cab pulled away and I opened my legs automatically to allow his fingers to reach my ever-eager pussy! He inserted a finger into me and we kissed passionately the entire journey while Kevin finger-fucked me. 

The cab stopped at our destination but Kevin continued to finger me, and I knew the cab driver was having a good look at what was happening between my legs in his rear-view mirror. This got me feeling very horny and I was crest-fallen when Kevin stopped what he was doing and removed his hand. I did not rush to close my legs and pull down my dress, making sure that the driver got a good long look at my wet pussy pushing up through my open-crouch thong!

Smiling to myself I eventually got out and looked around while Kevin paid the driver, and in my less than sober state wondered if we had been dropped off at the wrong place. I had thought we were going on to a nightclub but we had stopped in a residential street. 

"Where on earth are we?" I asked. 

"This is it." Kevin replied. "It's a surprise. Look just be yourself and relax, if you don't want to stay you don't have to, but just give it a chance. I know you, and I know you'll love it once you get going." 

Even in my drunken state it was obvious what he was up to. 

"You crafty sod!" I smiled. "You've arranged for us to meet with someone haven't you?" 

"You don't really mind do you darling?" He looked at me with puppy-dog eyes. "We can go back to the hotel if you want to? I just thought you would like this."

As he spoke he pulled me tightly towards him. One hand in the middle of my back, the other squeezing my bottom, and his leg pressing against my pubic mound as he nuzzled into my neck. He knew all the tricks to get me worked up, and I must admit that the bad girl was rapidly re-surfacing in me. The more I thought about the situation the more horny I was becoming, until finally the slut in me took over once again.

"Come on then let's go in, or I am going to have to fuck you right here out in the street!" 

I had no idea who he had arranged to meet but once I had decided to go along with him I didn't care, I have always trusted Kevin implicitly and knew he would not have fixed up this meeting unless he thought I would be safe, and that I would enjoy it.

That said; you could have knocked me down with a feather when the door opened!

Standing there grinning from ear to ear was the giant of a man who had approached me at the party! My God! 

"I knew I was right!" He said laughing. "Hello Sarah... Please, come in." 

I looked at Kevin and he winked at me. "Come on it'll be fun. I had a long chat with Tony at the party, he's a really nice guy." 

"Come on Sarah I don't bite." Tony continued still smiling. "Unless you want me to that is... At least come in and have a drink, then if you don't want to stay you can go on back to the hotel." 

Kevin's fingers had already worked on weakening my resolve in the back of the cab and I must admit that I was more than ready for a good seeing to!

I looked Tony up and down. He really was a big man, much bigger than anyone I have ever had before, but he did not feel threatening in any way. In fact quite the opposite, he seemed like a really easy-going guy. So making up my mind I stepped forward into the passageway, brushing my hand against the bulge in Tony's trousers and murmured.

"How about that drink then?" 

I followed him down a short hallway into the lounge, the lights were dimmed and I could hear soft music playing. To my surprise I discovered two more men inside! The two friends Tony had been to the party with were sitting listening to music.

I gave Kevin a stern look. He shrugged his shoulders and said.

"It's entirely up to you darling." 

Tony introduced his two friends as Dave and Peter, and they explained that they were all sharing the house along with a guy named Scott who was out for the evening. They were in their early to mid twenties and both quite good-looking. 

Kevin took my coat as Tony went off to pour the drinks, while Dave ushered me over to a chair and sat me onto his lap. He wasted no time in small talk and began to kiss my neck and breasts through my dress straight away!

Everything was happening so fast and I was still not sure weather I was going to stay or not. Although I was beginning to feel very excited as I thought about the situation I was in!

Peter was itching to get in on the action and tapping Dave on the shoulder he nodded towards the sofa. I allowed Dave to lift me up and carry me over to it and they promptly sat down either side of me. I was under no illusions. They undoubtedly knew a great deal about me from what Tony had previously witnessed at the club in Forest Gate, and whatever Kevin had told them about me earlier at the party. The decision I still had to make was did I want to take on all four of them!

I have had sex with more people than this before at some of the swingers parties Kevin and I had been to, but the sex was always relaxed as the parties were usually spread over the whole night, or even the entire weekend! And there were always other women around to take the focus off of me. This was a new situation though, as I knew that the four of them would be concentrating their efforts solely on me alone, and would fuck me one after the other without even a pause! As I pondered this in my not to sober state I allowed the decision to be taken out of my hands.

Peter on my left leaned across to kiss me, slipping his hand inside the top of my dress and cupping my breasts, while at the same time Dave worked his way up my thigh.

I couldn't help myself! I was feeling too horny by now and I delighted in the responsiveness of my body from the pleasure these two were giving me! My legs again parted with a will of their own, giving Dave access to my already damp pussy as Peter's tongue explored my mouth and his hand squeezed my breasts. Dave had located my clitoris and I wiggled down on the sofa allowing my legs to open further. He got the message and slipped first one then two fingers into me and started to work them in and out.

Any remnants of uncertainty on my part were now completely extinguished! Once my body had taken over, my willpower was always quickly crushed and I knew that I would let them do almost anything they wanted with me!

After about ten minutes of fumbling around, Peter stopped kissing me and stood up to undress. And before Dave could take his place at my mouth I looked up at Kevin and Tony. They had both stripped naked! Kevin was sitting in an armchair stroking his beautifully large and hard cock, while Tony was standing beside him, his enormous muscled frame pumped up and ready.

Tony was obviously a body-builder as every inch of him was as solid as a rock, with not an ounce of fat to be seen. His great muscular chest looked even bigger without his shirt on and the muscles in my vagina involuntarily contracted around Dave's fingers as I thought of what he might do to me! Tony's cock was also rock-hard and although not as long as Kevin's it was very thick and veined, and his foreskin was forced back to reveal the tip of his swollen glans.

Dave's mouth eventually sought out my own and he forced his tongue between my teeth, kissing me forcefully and obstructing my view. So I closed my eyes and concentrated on enjoying the feel of his fingers pushing into me.

Kevin moved over and sat beside me then, and slipping his hand under my back, he untied the laces holding my dress on. He tapped Dave on the arm.

"Give me a sec to get Sarah's dress off Dave, I've got to take her back to the hotel later and I can't take her back with her dress covered in spunk." He looked at me and smiled. "Having fun?" He asked with a questioning eyebrow. 

"Mmmmm."

It was obvious to Kevin that I now wanted to go the whole distance, but I knew he was checking to make sure I was okay. I leaned forward and kissed him.

"I'm fine." I whispered. 

I looked straight into his eyes and nodded slightly in conformation, and with that he peeled off my dress and removed my high-heeled shoes leaving me stretched out half on, half off the sofa. There I lay in nothing more than my stockings, suspenders, and my damp open crotch thong! 

The lips of my labia were wet and glistening with my juices from the previous attention of Dave's fingers, and my swollen pussy pouted forward.

All the boys were naked now and for a moment they stood around me in silence, leering openly at my semi-clad body.

Oh shit I was in heaven! I felt like such a whore! It was an indescribable feeling! I could have come right there and then, with them doing no more than standing over me like that! Like I was just their bitch! To use any way they wanted! And in truth, at that moment I was!

Kevin wasted no more time and was soon burying his head between my legs and lapping at my clitoris. He knows what gets me going better than anyone alive and I was soon squirming with delight as he worked his magic on me once again. I felt something warm touch the side of my face and looked up to see Peter's cock hovering next to me, so holding it by the base of his shaft I began to lick and kiss at his swollen glans before sliding it deep into my mouth and working up to a purposeful rhythm. On my right Dave lifted my hand to his own cock and I squeezed and stroked it until I in turn took him in my mouth. They were both caressing my breasts and teasing at my nipples as I worked on them taking one after the other, sucking and wanking them harder and faster. Kevin now had his fingers inside me as well and the three of them soon had me grunting like a stuck pig as I came twice in quick succession! I held fast on to their cocks as my back arched into my orgasm and I thrust my pussy into Kevin's face, willing him to fuck me harder with his tongue! 

I had almost forgotten about Tony when he said firmly.

"Alright boys. My turn!"

Peter, Dave and Kevin peeled away as I watched this man mountain stride towards me. He stopped directly in front of me and bending down removed my now soaking thong. I just couldn't believe the size of him as he stood over me. He smiled as he looked down and said.

"Okay Sarah, it's time you got fucked!" 

Even his hands were huge, and as he bent over me again he inserted the middle finger of his left hand straight into my vagina. I gasped as he did so, although he had no trouble working it in. The other fingers of his hand were spread under my lower buttocks, and he placed his right hand under the middle of my back and lifted me up like a rag doll.

I have never been picked up like that before! I clamped my legs together around his hand and wrapped my arms about his massive neck. He did not hurt me in the slightest. He was cradling me gently against his chest with no effort what so ever, his huge finger still inside my pussy.

He asked Dave to take the cushions off of the sofa and the other armchairs and lay them out on the floor. Peter went off quickly and returned with an armful of sheets and blankets that they spread out over the cushions, turning the lounge floor into one huge bed. 

While this was going on Tony began to rotate his finger inside me and move it in and out ever so slightly. I could not help but react! My muscles were contracting like crazy around his finger! It was such a bizarre and helpless feeling being pinioned like this, an overwhelming turn-on! 

"Do you like that?" He grinned. 

I began to squirm in his arms.

"Tony... Please, don't... You're going to make me... Ahhhhhhhhhh... Oh God!!!"

I never got to finish the sentence as I had one of the strangest orgasms I have experienced! The convulsions certainly coursed through me just the same, but I was held fast in the cradle of Tony's arms. The huge finger that was causing me to come so frantically was also the finger that was stopping me from falling out of his grasp and onto the floor! So I was forced to constrain myself as the agonising but marvellous sensation surged through my veins. My stomach felt as though I was on a roller-coaster ride and I shuddered with the unrelenting motion of his hand. My pussy was sending wave after wave of mini explosions up my spine and I groaned through clenched teeth as I tried to fight it.

He had me completely subdued; there was no way in heaven I could release myself from his powerful embrace and that single thought was making me come even more! He could have held me like that all night and I would have come again and again and again! Until I was nothing but a quivering wreck! Eventually, panting like I was about to give birth, I begged him to stop.

"Please Tony... No more... No more! Pleeease!" 

He grinned wickedly at me and said.

"Don't worry Sarah, I've got other plans for you."

He ordered me to let go of his neck and with the same hold on me he gently lowered me on to the now cushioned floor. He slipped his finger out of me as he stood up, running it past my clitoris on the way and making me shiver with delight once again. 

There I lay, a dishevelled wreck! My pussy was dripping with my juices and throbbing in time with my pounding heart, my nipples swollen and erect were as hard as granite.

The four of them stood looking down at me, all of them with their cock's standing smartly to attention and smiling expectantly. I knew I looked like a complete slut and I was revelling in the fact. I had only been in this house for about half an hour and I had already come many times. The scary thing was that I knew that none of the boys had really started on me yet and I shivered happily at the thought of what was to follow.

I did not have to wait long! Tony got down onto his knees and spread my legs wide apart, his thighs were as big as my waist and his thick cock was throbbing urgently. He completely engulfed me as he positioned himself over my small frame, fortunately taking his weight on his arms. I could not conceive of a more awe-inspiring sight than this gigantic torso rearing up over me. His solid abdominal muscles undulated upwards into the huge pectorals of his chest and his great broad shoulders supported his massive arms and neck.

I felt so small and to be totally honest for the first time in my life I was actually a bit frightened about having sex with someone! Not the fear of is it 'right or wrong' or 'can I go through with this' but a real fear of being physically hurt by this giant of a man!

At the same time that fear drove me on. I was paradoxically attracted by the feeling of helplessness, of having no control over my fate. Tony could do anything he wanted to me and I would be utterly powerless to stop him! This time, it was not just an erotic thought running through my head, it was a real and potentially dangerous situation! I was wound up like a spring with anticipation but it was too late to back out now as I felt his glans pushing against my labia. So reaching down I took hold of his shaft and guided him in!
