 The first time Kate actually saw two girls going at it was in 2008, when she was twenty years old. She mistakenly clicked on an ad, which directed her to a lesbian porn site. The first video she watched was of two white girls wrestling each other naked in an attempt to stay on top and grind the loser's pussy. It wasn't that Kate didn't know that it was one of the ways they gave pleasure to one another; she just wondered if they were truly going to be fully sexually gratified. The video seemed long and arduous. Lesbian sex had always fascinated her and rightly so because it taught her a few lessons about sex. It taught her how to masturbate. It revealed some pleasure spots that she never knew she had. She lost her virginity a few months after seeing the video. By then, she had started a small collection of lesbian videos that she could only masturbate to. 

Whenever she masturbated, she imagined herself in the video underneath one of the girls grinding her pussy. The thought of another woman rubbing her swollen clit on hers drove her crazy and she would rub her clit at the speed at which the women in the videos were going. Over the course of time, her searches expanded. She watched women scissoring in groups. It was a self-fuck fest as she didn't know whom to cum to. She had videos of women from almost every race but predominantly Asian. Not necessarily because they were her preference but they had the most videos and some of them were as depraved as her thoughts on lesbian sex were. She liked to watch them eat each other's pussies. They were women so they knew where everything was anyway. She liked the ones with threesomes. She liked the ones that shared dildos. It was Kate's fantasy to have sex with a woman.

Kate didn't think of herself as a lesbian. She never had thoughts of women, she was never attracted to women but she just wanted to get that feeling. It looked so enjoyable. But she loved dick. She loved taking dick, she loved taking it in her mouth; it gave her a different kind of satisfaction. 

Her boyfriend, now her husband, often teased her of being selfish. He would ask what exactly she wanted in bed. Darius was the first person she shared this fantasy with. When they had more time in, she and Darius would watch lesbian porn movies and fuck whenever a sex scene appeared on the screen. It made her feel like she was having the best of both worlds. Darius loved it! She was always super wet from both sources and he wasn't complaining. According to him, as long as he wasn't seeing dick in the videos he was good to go. But this 'threesome' of sorts ended there. It was their little secret as a couple. Besides, Kate wasn't into girls. She just liked watching girls fuck.

Of course, that all changed else there wouldn't be any story to tell. In 2013, Kate and Darius got married but the timing was never right to go on a honeymoon as they both had work commitments. When there was an opening in December, Darius surprised Kate with tickets for a seven-day cruise in the Caribbean, her dream holiday. 

It was on the second day of their cruise that she saw who she thought was the most beautiful girl in the world. She had dark skin and yet, in the midst of mostly white people, she shone. Her skin was golden dark chocolate; that was how best Kate could describe her. She had long thin braids that sat equally and comfortably on her beautiful rounded ass that did not have a trace of cellulite. Her body was goddess like, as if she had been sculpted instead of birthed. She was the first girl Kate was attracted to. She was the first girl Kate imagined having sex with. But a girl like her was never alone and she had such unattractive company; an older man with thinning gray hair who probably had to pop in a pill or two before he could satisfy her. 

"She's beautiful", she told Darius that night before they slept. 

"She is", he agreed but she didn't get jealous. A girl that attractive needed to be acknowledged. 

The next morning, Darius caught a bug from the raw oysters they had tried the night before. He always had a weak stomach but Kate was fine. Unfortunately it meant they had to miss their day of zip lining in Antigua. 

"You can still go", he assured her.

Kate hated leaving her husband when he was ill. Finally, after assuring her he wasn't going to die, she decided to follow the group when the ship docked. It was a good thing she did because as they disembarked from the ship, she found herself walking side by side with the most beautiful girl she had ever seen! Their shoulders bumped and they both turned to apologize at the same time.

"I'm sorry", they both said and then fell into a fit of giggles.

"I'm Kate", she introduced herself to the leggy beauty.

"Jazz."

Of course, she was going to have a cool name to match her beauty. Kate suddenly felt a bit insecure walking with the lady beside. Heads turned but only to admire Jazz.

"Are you joining the zip lining group?" she asked Jazz.

"Yes. I'm glad I've found a friend to go with", Jazz lowered her eyes and smiled flirtatiously at Kate. "Where is your husband?"

How did she know she was with Darius? Had Jazz been observing them too?

"How did you know I had a husband?" 

Jazz laughed. "You're wearing a ring. Also because we are one of the few black people on this ship. You're easy to spot. You two are a beautiful couple."

"Thank you", Kate said, "Darius tried the raw oysters last night and it did not end well."

Jazz placed her arm on her shoulder. "Let's join the group."

Kate could not shake the feeling that Jazz often came across as flirty and touchy. Jazz did not seem to mind when their legs brushed in the bus and even at some point kept her leg intertwined with Kate's. She was very talkative and interesting. The man she was with was her sugar daddy - he was into oil, she said. They had met a week ago at a fundraiser. Just for going on this cruise with him was going to set him back almost one hundred thousand dollars! Jazz was so candid. Kate was tempted to ask her if she was a call girl but she thought against it. Her being a call girl did not affect the amount of fun she was having with her. 

She wasn't one to be called adventurous but with the amount of courage, Kate could do something considered adventurous and zip lining was one of those things. Jazz insisted they go together to help Kate feel at ease. 

"Good to go?" Jazz asked her seconds before they were pushed off. 

But Kate didn't get the chance to answer because they were off! She screamed while Jazz laughed but when she got used to the speed and the height, she briefly admired the forest below her and she became aware of how plastered to Jazz she was. Jazz was holding her tightly, her hands slightly above her buttocks. Kate was so sure she was the first person to be sexually aroused while zip lining. When they reached the other side full of giggles, they decided to visit the diving cliff with another group of people. Jazz held her hand as they walked back to the bus but Kate tried to make sense of it. There was a large crowd and perhaps Jazz didn't want to lose her. 

When they got to the diving cliff, Jazz pulled her aside. 

"I know a better spot", she whispered in Kate's ear.

Feeling Jazz's breath tickle her sensitive ears, Kate breathlessly followed. She was so aroused that she was surprised Jazz hadn't picked on it. Jazz led her to a quiet waterfall.

"We can take off our clothes. Nobody comes here", she told Kate.

Kate had never gone skinny-dipping but before she could hesitate, Jazz had taken off her blouse and revealed her perky breasts. Her nipples were round like a button. When she removed her shorts, Kate held her breath. Her pussy was clean-shaven, just like how the other girls in the video shaved theirs. Feeling pressured, Kate removed her clothes.

"You have a beautiful body", Jazz complimented her and then started to swim toward the waterfall. 

This was so bizarre to Kate. Here she was in the Caribbean with a beautiful woman who may have been flirting with her. Still high from the zip line thrill, she entered the water. It was warm against her breasts. She met Jazz under the waterfall. 

"I saw you the first night on the ship", Jazz confessed to her.

"Yeah?"

Jazz nodded and swam closer. "Do you like girls?"

Kate squirmed. "Erm, it's not like that. I love my husband. I love dick...but if I have to get off, I get off to only girls."

"I like only girls", Jazz whispered. "I don't mind guys but that's because I need the money."

Kate was so aroused. How could she get anymore wetter in water? Jazz pursed her lips on Kate's and they started to kiss. It was the sexiest kiss Kate had ever had. Their nipples rubbed against each other as they kissed. Kate fondled Jazz's breasts, desperate to take it in her mouth.

"I've been wet since the zip line", Kate breathed the words out.

"Me too."

"I want you to fuck my pussy, Jazz! It's my biggest fantasy", she cried out.

Silently they swam back to where their clothes were. To Kate's surprise, Jazz started dressing up.

"I thought we were going to..." she started to say.

"I want to do the two of you", Jazz said. "You're a good woman. I don't want you to feel guilty afterwards."

"Just grind my pussy for five seconds", Kate pleaded. 

Jazz grabbed her and kissed her. Her fingers found Kate's wet pussy and slid in. 

"Fuck, you're so wet", she moaned.

Kate gently lay on the rock where their clothes were while Jazz explored her body before putting her pussy directly on hers.

"Shit! Jazz!"

Jazz started twisting her hips. Kate's clit was so engorged and she was in wonderland. 

"Five seconds."

Kate tried to hide her disappointment. She wanted more but she knew Jazz was right about the guilt. They joined the group back in silence and returned to the ship. Once they were on, Jazz pulled her aside.

"Thirty minutes. Come to the first class suite. The old man is having dinner with the captain tonight", she said. "You and your husband."

Kate nodded and rushed straight to her room. Darius looked better than earlier.

"You look excited", he raised his brows in curiosity.

Kate told him about Jazz and how sexy and arousing it had been during their day in Antigua. She omitted the kiss and the scissoring but she mentioned the invitation.

"Threesome?" Darius looked bewildered but she could tell he was interested.

"Should we?" 

"Do you want to?" 

Kate nodded. "Are you up for it? Are you still weak?"

"I am", he thought for a moment, "we'll see when we get there."

The two of them rushed to the first class cabin excitedly thirty minutes later and found Jazz's suite. They knocked. 

Jazz opened the door with no clothes on. 

"The husband came too", she was amused. "Have you guys done this before?"

"No."

Jazz smiled. "We'll just continue where we left off."

Right in front of Darius, Jazz pushed Kate onto the huge king sized bed and peeled off her shorts and top. From the corner of her eye, Kate saw Darius remove his clothes. He was already rubbing his dick. Jazz sucked on her breasts, her clit, she fingered Kate like it was nobody's business. All three of them were so aroused and moaning. Jazz placed her pussy on Kate's began to grind on it. It was just like Kate had imagined as she felt her juice trickle down her thigh. 

"So sexy", Darius moaned from behind.

Their clits rubbed at every single movement. Their eyes locked with each other's as they fucked. Jazz grabbed her breasts. She could feel her orgasm coming already. Her pelvis tightened, her toes curled. 

"You cumming? Yeah, that's right, cum on my pussy you little whore", Jazz urged her. 

Kate's release came almost after the instruction. She came so hard that she shook under Jazz who kept going and going until she let out a scream and came as well.

"Ahhhhh, I'm coming! Shit!" Darius exclaimed.

The two girls crawled to him while he aggressively rubbed his dick. Hot white liquid poured out on their faces. The girls embraced his hot cum as they kissed, getting ready for another round on the floor. This time, Kate wanted to take care of Jazz. 

"Damn you girls are crazy", Darius said. "Need some privacy?"

They didn't hear him when he left the room.

"Let's have a bath", Jazz whispered in her ear. "The tub is ready. I have another gift for you."

The two ladies got up from the carpet and entered the bathroom. The water was warm when they got in. Jazz got in first and then motioned for Kate to sit with her back facing her. The jet streams of water hitting Kate from all angles made her feel relaxed as Jazz massaged her boobs, pinched her nipples and teased her clit. 

Jazz stretched her leg and opened the tap facing Kate. The water came in one powerful stream.

"Do you want me to put my clit there?" Kate asked her.

"Yes."

The water hit her clit and she felt the first vibration travel down her spine. Jazz was still kissing her neck and ears while massaging her breasts. Her clit was getting more swollen and sensitive. It was painful and sweet. It was sweet torture. 

"Kate you're so sexy", Jazz moaned. 

The second wave of orgasm hit Kate and her legs stiffened before she started shaking again. She couldn't believe she had lived out her fantasy in one day. 

"Fuck!"

The two girls raised their heads quickly to see who was at the door. It was Jazz's sugar daddy, his cock in his hand and a boatload of cum on the floor.