 This is the second instalment in a series, beginning with "Sarah's First Gangbang". It isn't necessary to read the chapters in order, but I recommend that you do.

*****

Sarah took the rest of the week off, pleading sickness. She logged in from home to set up her out of office assistant and was briefly puzzled by a system email saying a message to her had been quarantined. Probably a virus, she thought, and made a mental note to ask her Head of IT about it.

She bathed twice a day, trying to soothe her battered body. She had expected to be raging but when she flashed back to the events of that night she instead found herself excited. She ordered a new vibrator from Lovehoney on next day delivery and spent much of the next few days, while the children were at school and Andy at work, masturbating furiously as she relived her experiences in her head.

On Monday morning, before leaving home, she texted Dave to thank him for his hospitality and asking him to give his friends her love, hoping he would ask to see her again. He laughed as he read her message, forwarded it to the guys, then deleted it. He had no intention of calling her again - he'd fucked her only because she was Kat's friend, and had exhausted her limited possibilities - but he suspected she would be kept too busy to care.'

At 8am on Mondays, Sarah, who was in charge of IT in a busy NHS hospital, met with her department heads. Their field was male-dominated and all her direct reports were men. Sarah liked being a woman in a man's world and had confessed to Kat that she used her sex to her advantage, often flirting to get jobs done. As they settled around the table, her staff asked solicitously how she was feeling and she failed to notice the last to enter quietly turning the key in the lock. 

The first item on the agenda was systems security and Mark reported a threat that had come into the Trust. He had brought a laptop into the conference room and turned the screen towards Sarah. Surprised, she saw that the suspect email had been addressed to her. Mark clicked on the attachment and a video began to run.

Sarah's attention was focused on the screen and she had not noticed that the men's eyes were all fixed on her. The action was blurry at first and when it came into focus it took her some time to understand what she was seeing. It was pornography. A woman was sandwiched between two men on the floor, on her hands and knees. Her cunt and arsehole were full of cock and as the camera angle changed, Sarah saw that the woman had a third cock in her mouth. Simultaneously aroused and embarrassed, Sarah began, "Did I really need to see..." but she was struck dumb as the man at the woman's mouth withdrew and coated her upturned face with creamy spunk. The camera zoomed in and she understood, her heart thumping painfully, why Mark had found it necessary to show her the video. Silently, she looked from one member of her team to the others, as on the laptop her other self cried out in orgasm. Her staff were all grinning at her. It was plainly not a surprise to them. She realised that during her absence the team had watched the video together. She wished the ground would open up. This changed everything. One way or another, her working life as she had known it was over.

The video continued to run. "Watch, Sarah," said her deputy, Rob. "It gets better." She dropped her head into her hands but was compelled to sneak glances at the screen through her fingers. There she was being eaten out by Melissa. There she was being lowered onto Dave's cock, anus gaping. There she was, surrounded by young men, semen cascading down her face. She thought it would end there, but next it cut to her on her knees, sucking the security guard's dick, then she was being rammed over a cab's bonnet. She realised that, somehow, every man who had fucked her that night had shared footage of her humiliation.

As the video ended, the room was silent.

At last, she asked, heavily, "Who's seen it?"

"Just those of us in this room," Mark assured her. "And it needn't go any further..."

Sarah expelled her breath in relief. "... As long," continued Rob, "as you are compliant."

Sarah stared. "What do you mean?"

"We mean," explained Calum from the helpdesk, "that your role in the team will be a little different in future. Your primary function will be to be available to us whenever we feel the urge."

"For sex," added Adam, helpfully. The others looked at him, rolling their eyes.

"And if I refuse?" Sarah asked, knowing the answer.

"Then this video goes straight to Trevor, to the board, to everyone in your address book and to the desktop of every networked PC in the hospital," said Mark, smirking.

She slumped in her seat, utterly defeated. All her work contacts, her friends and family . . . They had her over a barrel. "What do I need to do?"

"You can start," Rob told her, "by taking off your shirt and bra." 

Slowly, she unbuttoned her shirt, shrugged it from her shoulders and reached behind her back to release the clasp of her bra. Her huge breasts sprang free and her staff gasped in wonder. They surged forward and rough hands squeezed, groped and palpated her soft titflesh. She shuddered in utter humiliation, her authority and reputation lying in tatters. Calum dropped his mouth to her left breast, engulfing her nipple and opening his jaws wide, trying to stuff as much into his mouth as possible. She threw her head back and Rob's mouth closed over hers, his tongue thrusting between her teeth. She murmured softly and Adam spread her thighs, pushed her knickers to one side and ran his fingers along her slit. To her shame, she was soaked. He withdrew his wet hand in triumph, holding it aloft so they could all share in her degradation.

"OK," said Mark. "Move back." Sarah panted, sucking in oxygen, pulling her skirt over her knees and looking at him in gratitude. He looked away. He hadn't done it to relieve her. The department heads returned to their seats. "You can expect to fuck us all daily," he said. Sarah's eyes were wide and her naked breasts heaved. "Today, you can start with Adam."

This was clearly calculated to ensure her full submission. Adam was the most junior department head, acting into the position. He was also flabby and unattractive. "What are you waiting for?" snapped Rob. 

Adam sat at the far end of the long boardroom table. Sarah had to walk the length of the room, while the others watched her unrestrained breasts jiggle and swing. He smiled, smugly, moving his chair away from the table, scooting forward in the seat and spreading his fat thighs. Reluctantly she knelt between his legs and looked over, pleadingly, to her deputy. There was no sympathy in his face. Sarah reached for Adam's belt buckle, but his hand clamped over hers. In the past his attitude towards her had been servile, bordering on obsequious, but now his expression was insolent. "What do you say?" he asked her, unpleasantly. 

"Say?" Sarah repeated, confused.

"Ask me if it's OK," he said.

Tears stung at her eyes. "Please, Adam," she whispered. "Please may I suck your cock?"

"You may," he replied, with relish. With shaking hands, she opened his trousers and removed his stubby dick. First thing in the morning it may have been, but it was a warm day, Adam was obese and had clearly been sweating freely. His pubic hair was damp and his penis smelt musky. It was rock hard. Reluctantly, Sarah ran her tongue around the corona and along its length. He groaned in satisfaction, his mouth open, catching flies, as he struggled out of his work shirt. She opened her own mouth and sucked the tip of his dick to the back of her throat, burying her face in his moist, scratchy pubes. She cupped his testicles in her hand and stroked them, making tiny circles with her fingertips. Prematurely, pre-cum began to leak onto her tongue. Adam grunted like an animal and pulled her roughly to her feet. His penis sprang from her mouth with an audible pop. He pulled Sarah onto his lap, astride him, pushed the gusset of her knickers to one side and speared her pussy. He was expecting resistance, but there was none. Her cunt was juicy and dripping. He buried his face between her pillowy breasts, laughing and motorboating. She opened her eyes, put her hands on his cheeks and lifted his face, kissing him feverishly. The degradation was bringing the memories of her gangbang flooding back and driving her to heights of sexual excitement. She rose and fell on his lap, grinding her clit against his pelvis and gasping in pleasure.

Their co-workers, standing behind Adam's chair for a full frontal view of their fucking boss, watched in astonishment as haughty Sarah rode their repellent junior colleague with evident enthusiasm. Their cocks were in their hands and they jacked them furiously. Adam grunted louder, mumbling incoherently as she humped him, her tits flying. After only a couple of minutes, the muscles in her thighs strained, her head snapped back and she screamed, "I'm cumming!" He cried out in response, his dick pulsing as he released a massive load of semen into her hot, willing cunt. The rest of her team sprayed cum over his shoulders onto her vast mammaries.

Momentarily spent, she collapsed against his chest, sweating and breathless, shuddering with the aftershocks. Apart from the sound of Sarah's and Adam's laboured breath, the room was silent. There was a faint squelch as Sarah sat upright. Her breasts shone wetly with semen and a few of Adam's chest hairs had been shed and adhered to the tacky mess. He looked down in disgust at the slick of other men's semen matting his hair. "Clean it up," he spat at Sarah. She looked around for something to wipe him with but he growled and pushed her head down. Thoroughly, she lapped up as much of the cum as she could, using her fingers, as she had seen Melissa do, to push it into her mouth, ingesting more loose chest hairs. Once he was clean, she saw that her breasts were still sticky. Mark passed her shirt. She asked for her bra but he shook his head. Later, she would see it hanging in his office, a trophy and conversation piece. She buttoned up her shirt, which clung to her damp chest, delineating the outline of her boobs and erect nipples.

"Nicely done," Rob said. "See you later." They trooped out of the boardroom, readjusting their trousers and high-fiving each other. Hastily, Sarah gathered up her papers and the laptop Mark had left and climbed the stairs to her own office, clutching the laptop to her chest to conceal her swaying boobs.