 The doorbell rang, my wife went to answer it since I was up in the shower. We were trying to get ready for the evening as we were headed out to a party at my brother's house. 

You introduced yourself to Sally, told her you were an old friend from high school, and had something to discuss with both Sally & me. 

As you sat in the living room, Sally came into the bathroom and told me someone named Abby was here to see me. "HOLY SHIT", I thought, you really did come here. You had talked about it, but I didn't think you were really serious. I figured I was royally fucked now.

Sally went back out to the living room and sat down to talk to you, as I finished my shower. When I walked from the bathroom to our bedroom, you caught a glimpse of me walking naked down the hall. Sally saw you looking past her, down the hall and realized what you were seeing. You smiled at each other, a shared moment. I nervously dressed, trying to figure out how I was going to explain this to Sally. When I got to the living room, I looked at Sally to see her expression. I couldn't detect anything so I Said, "Hello". Since you and Sally were both on the couch, I sat down across from both of you on the rocker. 

As it turned out, I didn't have to explain anything. While I was in the shower, you told Sally how we had been lovers, getting together several times over the past several months. The first words Sally said to me were, "Abby tells me you two have been lovers for a few months." Damn... I began to sweat, searching for words, trying to figure out how to handle this. Before I could respond, she said, "That's cool, I know you always wanted a little variety and excitement in bed that I didn't fulfill. I can handle that. I find it exciting that you found someone so young and beautiful. I'm a little jealous. Not of Abby or the fact that she's been fucking you, but I'm jealous of you Joe, the fact that you've been fucking Abby." She then turned towards you and said, "I don't mean to embarrass you Abby, but I find you very, very attractive. I can understand why Joe would be so attracted to you." 

My jaw must have dropped to the floor, I was shocked to hear my wife say these things. Here I figured I was in deep shit, when it turns out I was actually being complimented on my choice of lovers! Was I ever lucky! Soon... I would find out just how lucky. 

We sat and talked, Sally told Abby that we were scheduled to go to a party, but since she was here, we would stay home for the evening. Sally had a lot of questions, how did we meet? How often we got together? She asked you if I was a good lover and if I could satisfy you. Talking like this, the three of us, it was beginning to turn me on. Then Sally dropped the bombshell... She asked you if you ever considered a threesome with a guy and girl. I finally knew where she was headed. Whenever I had mentioned a threesome with us and another guy, she wasn't interested. I should have been asking her about a threesome with another woman! How blind could I have been?

It really excited me to her you tell her you often think about sex with a man and woman at the same time, and that that's something you'd love to try. Sally asked you bluntly, "Would you be interested in the two of us?" I looked at you, anxious to hear your response, praying for a positive answer. Your response of, "I'd love to fuck with the both of you, I'd love to have you for my 'first'."

I didn't waste any time, I suggested we go to the family room and Sally said, "That would be nice." I decided to light a fire in the fireplace and put on some soft music. Sally got 2 bottles of wine from the kitchen and three glasses. You suggested we start with "Spin The Bottle" and we all had a good laugh. "Now that's a pretty corny way to start, but hey, why not? We'll pretend we're 12 years old!", I said. 

We sat on the floor, sipping our wine as we began the game. I spun first and the bottle pointed to Sally. I leaned over and kissed her on the lips. Then she spun, and it pointed to me. She returned the kiss. I then spun again and at last had the opportunity to kiss you. Our kiss was more than just a quick one, our tongues played with each other and we had a hard time ending it. My cock was beginning to grow with our first kiss. Your turn, and it pointed to Sally. I immediately saw the gleam in Sally's eyes when the bottle pointed to her. You leaned over to kiss her on the lips and as you did, she put her arms around you and pulled you onto her. Lying on top of her, your tongues danced for what seemed like forever, but were in reality less than a minute. Things were beginning to get exciting! 

I suggested that instead of just kissing, that the person who received the kiss would remove one piece of clothing before the kiss, that would make the game a little more interesting. This went on for a few rounds, then Sally suggested that kissing wasn't limited to just the lips. By now, my cock was straining against my pants and I had to "reposition" myself. Sally asked me, "Are you having a HARD time with that?"... and she stressed the word HARD. We all laughed. 

On the next spin, the bottle pointed at you. You removed your sweater, showing your bare tits. I leaned over and began to suck your left nipple, licking, biting, and sucking until it was protruding and hard. You fell back as I was doing it but I kept my mouth firmly suctioned to you. Not wanting your other breast to be neglected, Sally leaned over you and began to suck your right nipple. Our heads were next to one another's, and we both made moaning sounds as we sucked your tits. "Time's up" you said after about 2 minutes.

Your turn to spin and it pointed at Sally. You helped her with her top and unfastened her bra. There was no way I was going to object to removing two articles of clothing, that's for sure. You returned the pleasure to Sally, licking and sucking on both her nipples, making them very red and very hard. After a few moments, I said "Hey, let's not forget the game."

Sally spun and even though it pointed back at you, you turned the bottle towards me. We all laughed and Sally asked me to stand up. You watched as she unbuckled my belt and pants and pulled them to the floor. Kneeling in front of me, she turned to you and asked, "Would you like to help?" As you slid over, she moved to my side and both of you reached for the top of my briefs and pulled them down and off my legs. My erection was free and you reached out to stroke it. Sally held my nuts in one hand while you slowly stroked my shaft. Damn, what a sight, the two of you kneeling in front of my hard cock. Sally was first to give me my "kiss" and licked the shaft from the tip to the base, along the bottom. God that felt good. She then leaned back and offered my cock to you. You opened your mouth and slowly slid your wet lips over the head and gradually worked down my shaft, making my cock disappear. Sally watched as you slid back and forth along the length. My knees began to get weak, I was loving every minute of your sucking and I wanted it to go on forever. You are so good, you make me so hard, there's no one I'd rather have sucking me than you. All this time, Sally massaged my balls and watched you. By now she was very hot (hell, we all were!) and at last she said, "My turn." We both figured she wanted to suck me, but instead, she stood up and removed her slacks and panties and laid down next to us with her legs spread. What she really meant was that she wanted to be eaten, wanted a mouth on her cunt, wanted a tongue on her clit.

I went first, getting over her in a 69 position. She was already wet and as I began to kiss down her belly towards her cunt, I was able to insert a finger inside of her without any effort. I reached her clit and licked it until it was wet and slippery. I could see my spit run down from her clit into her hole and soak my finger. I worked the spit into her cunt, reaching up and forward as far as I could. My tongue lapped up and down on her swollen clit, taking her higher and higher. All the while she was sucking me, working her mouth up and down my hard-on. Your hands were roaming all over our bodies, my back, Sally's breasts, my legs, Sally's legs, my ass, Sally's face, my balls, Sally's crotch. I removed my finger from her cunt and gave you a look that said, "Go ahead." You took the opportunity and inserted your middle finger up her slick hole as I resumed my clit licking. Sally knew it wasn't my finger inside of her when she reached down and pulled your hand closer into her cunt. She moaned with pleasure as we worked on her, and I could feel the moan as she held my cock in her throat. We both sensed her approaching orgasm and increased our tempo until her cunt spasmed with a climax. It seemed to last for minutes as her cunt contracted on your hand and my mouth. We both stopped and let her rest, let her come down a bit. 

After a minute, Sally opened her eyes, looking at you she said, "I want to eat you, I want to taste you, I want to get you wet for Joe. I want to watch as he fucks you and I want to watch you as he shoots his cum inside your slick cunt." She got up and positioned herself kneeling in front of you. You laid down and spread your legs, opening yourself for her. I got up, sporting a spit covered erection and watched as she buried her face between your legs. I got behind Sally and worked a finger into her wet ass. I guided my hard cock between her slick cunt lips and pushed in with one easy stroke. My balls slapped at her clit as I stroked back and forth inside of her. 

"Eat her good and make her wet for me, because when I'm done fucking you I'm going to fuck Abby," I said to Sally. You reached up to hold Sally's head between your legs as she worked wonders on your clit. This was her first time eating another woman but she knew just what to do to you, as only a woman could know. Just the right pressure, just the right tempo, just the right movements and touches, all at the right time. No man could ever make you feel as good as this woman could, and you tried to think why no woman had ever done this to you before. All this time, this fantasy swam in your head, but you were afraid to make it a reality. No longer did you have to wait, no longer did you have to keep it just a fantasy. This was real, this was happening, this was what you wanted for a long, long time. Lesbian, bi, or straight... you didn't care what you were or what people called you, you were a woman and you were enjoying yourself. 

Sally continued to pull you towards your climax, her cunt was the warm, wet pleasure hole for my cock. "Get her off, make her cum, make her want my cock," I said to Sally. 

"I'm saving my cum for you, Abby. I'm fucking Sally but I'm saving myself and will fill you with a part of me, fill you with my soul." I said to you. "I love fucking you Sally, but it's Abby that I really want, it's Abby that I'm going to give myself to, it's Abby that I'll spill myself into," I said. 

My cock was straining to release, but I resisted the urge to cum, knowing that I wanted my orgasm to be inside of you knowing that you wanted my cock to spurt inside of your cunt, knowing that you wanted to feel me flood you with my love. 

We were all feeling a pleasure that we've never before experienced. We were reaching new heights as we shared ourselves with each other. Knowing that another woman was getting you off, getting you ready for my cock raced through your mind as your orgasm ran through you body, outward from your clit... through your cunt and ass, down your legs, up through your belly and torso, through your mind... all at the same time. It consumed you, you could feel your heart pounding like it was going to burst, pleasure running all through your body. An orgasm like no other, that no man has ever given you, that no man would ever feel. 

Looking up at me, you said, "I want to taste you. I want to feel you inside of me. I need you to fuck me like you've never done before, fuck me like it's all you know how to do." With that, I pulled out of Sally and moved my cock over your face. You reached up and wrapped a hand around my slick cock and guided it into your waiting mouth. Licking Sally's wetness from me, tasting her on my cock, replacing cunt juice with your spit, savoring the sweetness of her. 

Sally moved out of the way as I positioned myself between your legs. Grabbing your ankles, I lifted and parted them, exposing your dripping hole, opening you to welcome my cock. Sally reached over and held me by the balls as she guided me into your hungry cunt. The head slid past your lips and I drove my stiffness deep inside of you, down to the depths of your sole. I pulled out and said, "Tell me again what you want." 

"FUCK ME!!" you shouted, "I want you to fuck me, give my your cock!", you both said and pleaded. Without hesitation, I drove my stiffness inside of you again, this time with no intention of stopping until we were both satisfied. In and out, with a slow steady pace, I fucked you with all my love. My cock was burning inside of you, like the hot sun on your skin on a summer's day. Filling you, you crave it as it goes deep into you. It stretches you, making you feel like you can't take in any more, but still it goes deeper. You feel the hair from my chest as it brushes against your nipples as I force my manhood in you. You wrap your legs behind my back, holding me, not wanting to let me go. And still, my cock is pounding you, opening your cunt wider with each stroke, taking me deeper. The hardness inside of you, the heat of my cock, the pressure of my pelvis between your legs drives you towards another orgasm. 

And then it hits you, like the opening of a dam, this orgasm is more intense than the first, this one drives through you with every stroke of my cock inside of you, rushing through with the rhythm of my pounding. Your cunt spasms around my cock, but still I fuck you and go deeper and deeper, harder and harder. You grip my ass and pull me closer to you, pulling my cock further inside of you. You continue to cum, continue to feel the rush of orgasm and continue to feel the heat of my cock. Without ever coming down from that orgasm, you feel the next one plow through your soul, gripping your pelvis and rushing to your head. 

This time, your spasm pushes me over the edge. I quicken my tempo, drive my cock deeper and deeper into your wetness and when I feel my orgasm, I drive my cock as far into you as I can, keeping it buried... and begin to release. My cock pulsates and my hot cum floods you, shot after shot, deep inside you can feel the hot jizz filling you with each blast, burning you as I share my love with you. 

Forgetting that Sally was even there, we're startled when she reaches for us, placing one hand on my balls and one hand between your cunt and ass. I roll off you and she immediately dives head first between your legs, licking and slurping, cleaning you of our cum. Then she leans over me and continues to clean the wetness, this time off my cock as it slowly loses it's hardness. After a few minutes, she gets up on her hands and knees and crawls over to kiss us, first you, then me. Nice long tongue kisses so we can taste our sex. 

We get up and all head to the shower, all fitting in with little room to spare. Exhausted, we all go and lay on our bed, snuggling under the covers, we drift off to sleep... until the morning comes and we start all over again...