 This is the fourth part of a multi-chapter series which will make most sense if you read the instalments in order.

*****

Calum was as good as his word. The report was completed and submitted on time and Sarah was in the Ladies' again, trying to tidy herself up before the upgrade meeting with software suppliers. She peered critically at her reflection. Her face and hair didn't look too bad now she'd done a repair job, but her shirt was creased and stained with cum and her breasts hung heavily and clearly unsupported beneath. She wished she had brought a jacket to work, but it had been a warm morning and she hadn't known she would need it. She hadn't bothered to put her knickers back on: the gusset was sopping.

Mark opened the door and came in, heedless of the sign on the door. He stood behind her, pressing his cock into the cleft of her arse. She had just carefully tucked her shirt into the waistband of her skirt, but he pulled it free, sliding his hands up her waist and cupping her tits in his hands. "Look at the state of my top," she complained as he pinched and twisted her nipples. He dropped his hands, turned her around and unbuttoned her shirt.

"I really don't think anyone's going to notice," laughed Mark. He hefted her left breast in his hand and sucked the nipple into his mouth, grazing it with his teeth and sucking like a vacuum cleaner, flicking his tongue over the tip. Her body responded instantly and the nipple swelled, stiffened and darkened. He swapped to the other breast and teased the nipple to attention. Then, leaving her shirt unbuttoned, he knotted it under her ample tits. Her deep cleavage heaved and he spat into it so it glistened. Without letting her register how much of her was exposed, he took her hand and led her to the conference room where the two suppliers' representatives were waiting.

The reps were speechless when Sarah and Mark entered the room and shook their hands. At their previous encounters, Sarah had been brisk, professional and firm. This time she looked like a stripper. Sarah smiled into their eyes but they didn't look at her face and both felt their cocks swelling. They sat opposite her and Mark and negotiated with her cleavage. When they broke for coffee, as Sarah typed some contract amendments into the laptop and printed a final draft, Mark could hear them estimating her bra size, commenting on her erect nipples and speculating about the stains on her shirt. All this put them at something of a disadvantage during the bartering on price and Mark had taken shameless advantage of their inattention. Belatedly, they realised they were being shafted. "And what's in it for us?" asked Ed, the bearded redhead, crossly. Mark pushed back his chair and lifted Sarah to her feet. Standing behind her, he unknotted her shirt, pulling it from her shoulders with one hand while unzipping her skirt with the other. Her clothing slid from her body and she stood there naked except for her high heeled navy pumps. The reps' jaws dropped. Mark took Sarah's hand and led her around the table. The reps swivelled their chairs and he positioned her in front of them. She admired the bulges in their laps.

"She is entirely at your disposal," he said. "For the remainder of this meeting and whenever you undertake site maintenance." 

The bald rep was the first to speak. "Done," he confirmed and reached for Sarah's boobs.

"Uh-uh," Mark admonished. "Signature first." He slid the software pricing agreement towards the rep, who signed it hastily. "All yours," Mark grinned, pushing Sarah forward. The bald rep grasped both her nipples and pulled her to him. He squeezed her soft breasts without finesse, as if he thought they might hoot like a bicycle horn. They didn't, but Sarah did, pulling back a little.

"Sorry," mumbled Baldie, sounding anything but. "They are unbelievable!" 

Pleased, Sarah put her hands on her hips, thrusting her chest forwards and pirouetted in front of them. With her back to them and her legs parted, she bent from the waist and held her ankles, exposing her wet pussy and pink anus to their startled view. She flexed her buttocks several times then straightened and turned to face them. "OK," she said. "I've shown you mine, now you show me yours."

Mark, who had pulled up a chair to watch the show, laughed appreciatively. The reps simultaneously leapt up, dropping their trousers and pants to expose their erections. Sarah knelt between them and took a dick in each hand. She sucked them alternately, coating them with spit, then lifted them and turned her attention to their balls, sucking their hairy scrotums into her hot mouth. The men groaned. Sarah smiled up at them, a pulsing, wet rod in each hand, and Ed ran out of patience. He lifted her up, bent her over the back of his chair and rammed his prick into her juicing twat. She cried out in surprise and Baldie's dick promptly plugged her open mouth. They pounded her from both ends and Mark, watching her breasts swinging below her, pulled out his own penis and his phone, wanking with one hand and filming the scene with the other. Sarah was holding Baldie's hips for balance. She was now kneeling on the seat of the chair, which rocked dangerously as Ed thrust violently into Sarah's hole. His fingers were clutching her waist so hard that her flesh bulged out around them. She would be bruised, Mark suspected, and his cock swelled still further at the thought.

She was more vocal now and Mark wondered whether the QA team, who worked on this floor, could hear her moans. Ed was red in the face and grunting. He pulled back his right hand and smacked her buttock with a loud crack. Sarah howled around Baldie's fat penis and the pale skin of her backside turned bright pink. Ed spread her cheeks and spat into her reddened anus twice. She let Baldie's dick slip from her swollen lips and craned her head around, in time to see Ed withdraw from her pussy and feed his pole into her wet pucker. She sobbed and held her breath. Impatiently, Baldie grabbed a handful of her hair and wrenched her head back to face him, forcing his cock back between her puffy lips and ramming the back of her throat so she gagged.

Tears streamed down her flaming cheeks as Ed's thick penis invaded her rectum. Her delicate anal tissues burned and tore. He rotated his hips to open her up and the elastic tract gradually gave, until he was buried balls deep inside her. She looked up and met Baldie's gaze, her brows knit in pain. Baldie had been a victim of one too many of Sarah's complaints to his management and her pleading expression tipped him over. He roared and crushed her face into his pelvis as he released a powerful jet of cum into her throat. She choked and spluttered but he pinched her nose, forcing her to swallow down his load to avoid suffocation. He let go of her head and his softening cock slipped from her mouth. He wiped it on her hair and collapsed into his chair, breathing heavily and laughing.

At her other end, Ed was still pounding her sore arsehole. With a final thrust, streams of hot spunk burst from his cockhead into her bowels. He pulled out with a pop and a torrent of semen followed, flowing down her crack and thighs. Sarah slumped, coughing, over the chair and Ed circled her limp form, pulled her head back by the hair and forced his still-hard dick, smeared with cum and her anal secretions into her tired mouth. She sucked and licked lethargically until he was satisfied and stuffed his softening member back into his underwear.

Ed, Baldie and Mark concluded the meeting over a second cup of coffee, seated around Sarah's used, floppy body, still crumpled over the chair. Mark showed the reps to the lift, shaking their hands. Returning to the meeting room, he lifted Sarah, who seemed barely conscious, and arranged her on the hard wooden meeting table, legs bent and spread, where she lay unresisting, her eyelids three-quarters closed as he positioned and repositioned her, photographing her slick, flushed body from various angles.

At last, he called his fellow department heads. They formed a circle around the table, looking down at the abused body of their boss, and masturbated to orgasm. When they had finished, their semen drenched her chest, coated her face, pooled in her belly button and trickled down her pubic mound. She rubbed her eyes and opened them. Her arsehole still throbbed dully, but nevertheless her mouth opened in a wide smile and her tongue flicked out to lick the cum from her lips.

Sarah had survived her first full day in her new role.