 As soon as he started flirting with her, she knew he was trouble. Brad was a regular customer at the golf course Sasha worked at the summer after high school. He was just a little older than her at 20, tall and lanky, with just enough tattoos to make him interesting.

As a young woman working in the clubhouse, she was used to getting attention from a lot of the male customers. Thin with long blond hair, bright blue eyes and a curvy ass, she drew a lot of attention from the visitors and returned their smiles but had never acted on their advances. 

But something drew her to Brad. He didn't strike her as particularly bright, or someone who would do much with his life. He wasn't in college and didn't seem to have much going on other than drinking, weed, and a mediocre job. But Sasha didn't really care about any of those details. She certainly wasn't looking for a relationship, and in the summer between high school and college she was just looking for a good time and was confident Brad could at least give her that. 

She finally agreed to go to his apartment and hang out. It was pretty much what she expected for a young guy. Dark and messy, certainly not her ideal place to crash. He offered her cocktails, and she readily accepted the sweet concoctions without a second thought. She knew what she was there for, and wasn't interested in the pretext of going to dinner or a movie. 

She had done her share of drinking in high school, but being so petite she knew she could not hold her liquor. But in that moment, she chose to ignore any hint of reservations, any thoughts of not being a 'slut.' She had decided some time ago that she was going to fuck Brad and let him use her any way he saw fit. After years of backseat sex and timid high school boys, she was ready to explore her more intense sexual side. In her younger years she had stumbled across her dad's secret magazine collection, and was intrigued by what those women did with their bodies. They showed no anxiety about taking cock in their mouths, stretched pussies and tight asses. She needed to experience that kind of sex for herself. 

That first night with Brad, she kept drinking until she knew any hint of inhibition was broken down. They quickly began making out on the couch, and Sasha thought she could feel a very big cock under his shorts. It didn't take long for them to move from the couch to the bedroom, where Sasha stripped off her lacy bra and tiny thong. She tugged away at Brad's shorts and quickly revealed a gorgeous cock. Not too thick but generous and very long. She eagerly dropped to her knees and began licking around the head and long shaft, building up until she could take more down her throat. 

Blessed with full lips, Sasha knew she had a sexy mouth that men wanted wrapped around their cocks, and she took pride giving great blowjobs. She took more and more of Brad's cock down her throat, pulling away to swirl her tongue around the head and tease him. With every thrust into her mouth he seemed to grow harder and harder. Finally he could no longer hold back, and exploded in her mouth. 

Almost immediately after coming, Brad picked Sasha up and threw her down on the bed. There was nothing timid or gentle about the way he took charge, and she had never been more turned on. He pushed her legs back and almost aggressively began drilling his tongue into her wet pussy. She was too drunk to feel self-conscious and limited by her inhibitions. She spread her legs wider, letting him use his tongue as he pleased.

He had amazing stamina, and it didn't take long for him to recover and become fully erect. Her drenched pussy could not wait to take him inside of her, despite her hesitation about his full length. He expertly pulled on a condom, and began slamming his cock inside of her. She was so wet that he was able to drill onto her tight pussy with ease. 

After their first session, they fucked several times through the night. Sasha was confident when she left the next morning that it was more than a one night stand, and surely enough their fuck sessions became a regular event. Things continued to stay intense and strictly sexual between them, and Brad began to test her boundaries. 

First his roommate began to be around more frequently. As short as Brad was tall, Jon was the physical opposite of Brad. Short and husky, he was cute in his own right but not necessarily Sasha's type. He began to make passes at her, both privately and in front of Brad, and it quickly became apparent that the roommates wanted to share her together. Sasha wasn't sure she was ready for that, and really wasn't sure Jon was her pick if she was going to take such a wild step anyway. Her sessions with Brad were challenging her limits as he explored new positions and began playing with her ass more frequently. She had done anal before a few times with an older high school boyfriend and knew how good it could be, so she did not shy away from his exploration of ass.  

And then one night, things took a turn in their sexual relationship. Brad invited Sasha over for the usual, but when she arrived he had a friend visiting. Eric was blond, built, and gorgeous. She was intimidated that he was so handsome, but also confused about why Brad had asked her over. Their relationship wasn't particularly social, but a night partying with Brad and Eric sounded fun enough. She expected to get a little drunk and eventually retire to Brad's bed for a night of fucking.

But as the night went on and everyone drank heavily, things in the group became increasingly sexual. Eric began touching her, innocently at first. Eventually she was on the couch between Eric and Brad, and they both began rubbing her body. Eric began kissing her neck, and Brad started rubbing between her legs. The dual action was turning her on more and more, and she began to open her mind to where she thought things were heading. 

Soon Jon came home from work, and while she thought the two would hold back a little in front of him they did not. Quickly enough, Brad and Eric were leading her to the bedroom and the two were pulling off her clothes. There was nothing gentle about their actions, and Sasha wasn't sure what they had planned but she knew she was going to be fucked. Once they had her stripped and were pulling off their clothes, she realized Jon had followed behind and saw something in his hands. Too turned on by the hot men giving her body so much attention, she didn't really care if he watched as long as she was going to be fucked. 

Brad told Eric that he needed to experience Sasha's mouth, and while Brad settled between her legs Eric kneeled next to her face. Eagerly she pulled his cock into her mouth, ready to give this man as much pleasure as she could. Brad was fingering her pussy and ass, alternately penetrating, licking, and kissing all over her. He seemed to like seeing what she was doing to Eric, and Eric was responding to the treatment she gave his cock. Forcefully sucking and pulling him into her mouth, she would randomly pull away and dance the tip of her tongue all around his swollen head. Finally he pulled away, not yet ready to come. Announcing that he needed her pussy, he and Brad switched places. Eric pulled on a condom and before Sasha could overthink what she was doing, Eric began fucking her pussy. Meanwhile Brad's cock needed attention as well, and as he straddled her face he went back and forth stroking just inches over her and pushing himself into her mouth. She had never known pleasure like this before, and before she knew it she felt Eric's cock pulsating inside of her and heard his moans. 

She knew better than to expect a break at this point, because Brad's cock was straining for more attention. While he had always been in control with her, he became more dominating that night. As Eric pulled out of her, Brad climbed down the bed and roughly flipped her over so she was facedown. He pulled her hips up off the bed until she was on all fours in front of him. He firmly grabbed her hair, and pulled himself closer to her asking "Are you my slut?" 

Surprised by his sudden dominance, but turned on by everything that was happening, she quietly answered him.

"Yes, I am your slut."

"And what does my slut want?"

"I want you to fuck me."

He continued goading her and teasing her until she finally cried out "Brad I am your whore. I will do anything you want me to do."

At that point she noticed Jon near the edge of the bed, and realized that he was catching her first three-way on video. Too caught up in the moment to worry about that, she instead decided to put on a really good show. 

"I want to be fucked so hard and I will do anything to have you both inside me."

She didn't see it, but the guys exchanged smiles and knew they could get away with anything they wanted now. Eric kneeled in front of her head, and gently placed his hand under her chin, guiding his cock into her mouth. As she began lapping away and cleaning his thick cock, she was unsure what Brad was doing behind her but she felt his movement and heard rustling. Soon she felt cool liquid dripping around her pussy and exposed anus. Brad began drilling his cock into her pussy and fingering her ass. She was so over-stimulated she couldn't even focus on everything that was happening, but she knew that she had meant what she said about wanting to be a slut for him. 

Soon Eric moved away from her mouth, and thought she would catch a moment to just enjoy the fucking she was receiving from Brad's talented cock. Brad was placing increasing pressure on her anus, and she could tell he was using more than one finger at this point. He pulled out of her and pulled her body back with him, and then Eric lay down on his back in front of her. Brad skillfully maneuvered her body over Eric's, and she lowered herself to accept his straining cock in her pussy. As they established a slow rhythm, Brad stayed behind her slowly dragging his hands down her back and pressing her down to better expose her ass. She balanced her arms around Eric, with him holding her hips and taking long and slow strokes into her pussy. Soon she felt Brad at her entrance again, and began to feel increasing pressure against her inexperienced ass. 

Finally as Eric pulled his cock away and prepared to pull her body against him again, Brad escalated his intrusion into her back door and both cocks entered her body. She had never experienced that kind of pressure, and feared her body could not handle the girth of these two men inside of her. Brad and Eric slowly established a rhythm together, and soon both were soundly fucking her tight holes. Sasha was dizzy as her body was filled over and over again, and had no idea how long she could take it. The exceptional tightness of her ass was more than Brad could stand, and finally he erupted, pulsing his cock inside of her stretched ass. As she reacted and clenched her pussy around Eric's cock, he soon exploded and cried out from the intensity of his orgasm. Sasha had nearly forgotten Jon's presence, and as they all collapsed on the bed he zoomed his camera in on their satisfied smiles and on her battered holes. 

Sasha ignored Brad's calls and texts after that night. She knew that nothing with him again could live up to that intensity, and was ready to move on to her next sexual adventure.