 Chapter 03 in the "Sarah" series.

She declined her secretary's offer of coffee and closed her office door behind her. Alone, she turned down the volume on the laptop and clicked play on the video. The first time she hadn't seen it from the start and she was mesmerised by it, particularly the sight of Daniel's cock prying open her anus to complete her triple penetration. A mix of her own juices and Adam's cum seeped down between her buttocks as her pussy pulsed. She felt filthy but vibrantly alive.

A knock on the door made her jump and she slammed the laptop closed. Michele popped her head round the door. "Rob for your one-to-one," she said.

"Send him in," said Sarah, pushing her damp hair off her sweaty face. Michele looked at her a little oddly and stood back to admit Rob, closing the door behind him.

Rob sat down, eyeing the closed laptop, and smiled at her. "You dirty bitch," he said, a hint of admiration in his voice. "Get your clothes off."

The now-familiar tingling began between Sarah's legs. Obediently, she removed her shirt, skirt and knickers and sat brazenly on the edge of the meeting table, her thighs spread obscenely. Rob licked his lips, stood and advanced on her. Wordlessly, she looked down at his bulging crotch and undid his fly. His erection bounced free as she dropped his trousers. He moved it between her labia, still wet with Adam's spunk. Forcefully, he pushed her until she lay back on her elbows, pulled her hips to the very edge of the table and rammed himself into her steaming twat.

Sarah gasped and lifted her hips, wrapping her legs around him and locking her ankles together. He bore down, forcing his cock as deep inside her as possible, his balls resting on her arse cheeks. She wriggled beneath him, rubbing her clit against him. He stroked in and out a few times, then pulled out. Along with his dick, a clot of semen popped from her pussy. He scooped it up with his fingers, thrust her thighs back against her chest to open her wide, bending her in half, and stuffed the glob of Adam's jizz into her anus with his thumb. She gasped, still not saying a word. Rob planted the palms of his hands flat on the table top, pinning her legs, and pushed his thick, veiny dick a few inches into her tight arsehole.

Now, she could not help letting out a squeal of pain. His cock was sizeable and most of Adam's cum had seeped through her clothes onto her office chair, leaving little to lubricate her. Rob reached behind her head, grabbed a tube of hand cream from the table and withdrew from her. Her anus gaped open, pink and glistening, and into the hole he squeezed an inch or two of hand cream before reinserting his rigid pole. He rocked back and forth, easing into her hot rectum and bottoming out before withdrawing all but his helmet and then ramming back into her. He established a rhythm, buggering her mercilessly. Sarah moaned softly and whispered, "Rob, will you rub my clit?" He spat on his fingers and reached down between their bodies, stroking and pinching her nub. She was soon teetering on the brink of an orgasm. He leaned forward, plunged two fingers into her weeping snatch and hissed into her ear, "Where is my cock?"

"In my arsehole," she gasped, and the thrill of articulating it tipped her over the edge. She buried her face in his shirt, stuffing his tie between her teeth, to muffle her scream of ecstasy. He felt the walls of her vagina squeezing his fingers and his own orgasm exploded. Jets of semen pumped into her bowels as he flexed his buttocks.

He withdrew, wiping his cock on her naked belly, and pulled up his trousers. Sarah lay panting on the table, her legs dangling and limp. As her breathing returned to normal, Rob casually filled in an annual leave request and dropped it in her heaving lap. 

"So," he said. "What did you want to discuss?"

Shakily, Sarah got to her feet, dressed and did her best to conduct the meeting professionally. When their business was concluded she was relieved to see that Michele was not at her desk. She crept down the corridor to the empty Ladies' toilet where she cleaned herself up as best she could with paper towels, brushed her hair and repaired her ruined make up. She studied her reflection critically. She had only fucked two of her department heads today and already she was exhausted. She rested her forehead against the mirror and said a silent prayer that at least one of the others would be satisfied with a blow job.

Half an hour later, Sarah was poring over helpdesk performance indicators when Calum took a seat in her office. She was running seriously behind schedule and this report needed to be finished by 2pm. She barely looked at him, saying briskly, "I'm so sorry, Calum, but I don't have time for our one-to-one..." Calum swept his arm across her desk, flinging papers, pens and a half-full mug of coffee to the floor. Sarah gaped at him. "What the hell...?" she began to shout. 

"Shut up!" he snapped, snatching a handful of her hair and dragging her from her seat. "You seem to have forgotten our discussion this morning. This -" he gestured at the papers scattered over the floor, "is not your priority. Not unless you want everyone you know to see you stuffed with cock." This brought her up short. For a while, despite the bleachy smell of cum clinging to her clothes and hanging in the air of her office and the throbbing in her abused nethers, she *had* forgotten. She was no longer this man's manager, but his slut.

She began to stammer an apology but, relenting, he cut her short. "What was that anyway?" She told him. "I'll do it," he said, curtly. "Email me the PIs and the narrative you wrote last time. It's helpdesk stuff, it won't be a problem. You have suppliers to chat up at two and you haven't fucked Mark yet."

"Thank you so much..." she began, but he cut her off again.

"You know how to thank me."

She sank gratefully to her knees, pulling her shirt over her head.

When the door creaked open fifteen minutes later, Sarah, naked as the day she was born, was straddling Calum, his fat dick stretching the walls of her snatch as she rose and fell rhythmically on trembling legs. This was the best fuck she'd had so far today and her pussy juices were seeping out around the base of his erection. His mouth was clamped to her right nipple, exerting so much suction that she thought she might begin to lactate. Her hands were buried in his hair and her head thrown back, pupils dilated. 

Mark pulled up a chair to watch, the blood engorging his own cock. Sarah wasn't even aware that he had entered the room until he, now fully erect, fed his member between her swollen lips. (She was briefly alarmed to think that anyone could have wandered in and decided she would need to do something about security.)

She was physically attracted to both Calum and Mark and genuinely enjoyed being filled at both ends by them. She bounced harder on Calum's penis, trying to achieve the deepest possible penetration and sucked vigorously on Mark, tonguing his pee-hole and lightly scraping his scrotum with her fingernails. Both men moaned deeply and she worked still harder, determined to be a better fuck than their wives. Calum jerked convulsively beneath her and she knew his cock was spurting spunk into her womb. She gave a muffled cry as she reached her own orgasm, and the vibrations of her mouth triggered Mark's climax. Streams of semen hit the back of her throat and trickled down her gullet and out of the corners of her mouth. Unceremoniously, Calum shoved her off his lap and she staggered, clutching at the table to steady herself. Her body was rather the worse for wear, her nipples red and chewed, creamy fluid trickling down between her legs and over her chin, her hair plastered to her face and streaks of mascara staining her cheeks. Calum stared at her in barely-concealed distaste. He stood, buttoning his flies, and gathered up the scattered papers he needed to complete the performance report. Before he left, her bent her forward over the table and brutally jabbed a finger into her puffy cunt. As he extracted it, cum drooled out of her. He laughed. "Dirty fucking bitch," he commented. 

Scalding tears of humiliation spilled down Sarah's cheeks. She'd experienced a powerful orgasm with Calum and had thought he'd enjoyed fucking *her*, not simply an available cunt. Mark's first instinct was to take her in his arms and comfort her, but he looked at her cum-encrusted body and suppressed it. "It must have been a special fuck for him," he said, reassuringly. "Look at the size of that load." Indeed, Calum's cum was still coursing down her inner thighs, and she swiped her hands over her eyes, annoyed with herself. Mark took one of her huge breasts in each hand, squeezed them together and nibbled on her aching nipples. "Your mouth felt amazing," he told her. "But tomorrow I want your arse." She smiled tremulously at him and he winked as he left.