 Chapter One - Introduction

"Have you heard anything?" Natasha's voice cracked as the words fell from her mouth. Her ebony forehead was moist with sweat, exposing her growing anxiety. 

"Nothing," the other paralegal answered annoyed as he walked past her desk for his morning cup of coffee. Natasha knew better than to ask. If any of the suspicions were true, she would hear it directly from her boss, Carl Stone. 

Rumors spread the last few days throughout the prestigious law offices of Jacobson and Cox. Like a slow moving contagion, everyone within the firm was infected with the growing fear of losing their jobs. Jacobson and Cox had always been famous for its ability to overcome economic challenges. Sometimes it even benefited when other firms went under. For 150 years, Jacobson and Cox stood as a legal fortress, boasting of its impenetrable security. 

This economic down turn was different. The air inside the hollowed mahogany halls was thick with suspense. Rumors fueled the anxiety. There would be losses. It was Thursday and word was everything would be different by the weekend. Something had to give. 

Natasha found it difficult to be productive all afternoon. The big case they had been preparing for was only a week away. The demands for its preparation were great, but the distractions around her were consuming. One by one, employees were being called to their supervisor's office. Lucky ones returned to their desks relieved they still had jobs, despite pay cuts. Most returned with pick slips and security officers at their desks to escort them out. The suspense was stifling. 

"Natasha." Mr. Stone's familiar voice came through the intercom on her telephone like a late afternoon thunderstorm breaking the thick humidity in the air. Her boss' voice signaled relief from the waiting and suspense. It also struck panic. She knew whatever was about to happen would change her life forever. She had no idea.

Natasha joined the firm five years before at the age of 25. She worked hard to climb her way to be a top paralegal to Carl Stone, a partner in the firm. She was intelligent, devoted and hard working. Her tall 5'8" fit body, smooth black skin, pretty face and bright smile made her a stunning addition to the office. She always dressed professionally in ways that would accent her full 36D bust, thin waist and long legs. Her attire almost always consisted of a classy blouse with plunging neckline, wool skirt that would fall just above her knees and two inch matching heels. Her long dark hair would either be up in a fancy design or allowed to cascade past her shoulders. She was as capable as she was beautiful. Carl Stone liked everything about her.

"Ye, yes Mr. Stone," she stuttered into the intercom on her phone.

"Can you come in here for a moment please? I need to speak with you."

"Yes sir," she answered trying to compose herself. "I'll be right in."

Natasha stood up at her desk. She straightened her skirt and adjusted her blouse. She felt the moisture of sweat build under her blouse and between her legs. Her heart began to pound like a drum. "Stay calm Natasha," she whispered to herself. "You need this job. You need this job." She shot up a little prayer into the thick air as she began walking toward the glassed-in corner office. She felt her blouse sticking to the moist sweat of her body, hugging her large firm tits. "Oh God," she thought as she knocked on Mr. Stone's door, "give me a way to keep this job."

"Come in."

Natasha felt like a schoolgirl walking into a principal's office as she opened the door and entered. She had no idea what was about to happen, but knew it would be important.

"Please close the door behind you," Mr. Stone said in a matter of fact voice as he looked up from the papers on his desk. 

Natasha shut the door quietly and began her long walk across the plush carpet of his large office. Light filled the room from the late afternoon sun shining through his twelfth story window with a spectacular view of the city behind him.

"Have a seat, Natasha."

"Thank you Mr. Stone," she offered struggling to find confidence.

Natasha sat down in the rich leather seat opposite his desk. She noticed he looked more tired and weary than she was used to seeing him, even on day-before-court days. He was tan and ruggedly handsome with strong chiseled facial features, brown hair and radiant blue eyes. It showed that he worked out daily and ran marathons as a hobby. He was 6'2" with a strong muscular build. 

Mr. Stone's reputation as a legal warrior was deserved for his brilliant mind and hard work. His reputation was gained through his ruthless unorthodox strategies in court. He was committed to win at all costs and wanted equally committed people around him. Winning was always more important than being fair. "In court and in life," he would remind his staff, "losers lose by the rules, and winners win by redefining them." 

Natasha was surprised to see him without his coat, his sleeves rolled up, tie loosened and top button unattached. It looked like it had been a hard day. He looked across the desk, locked his ocean blue eyes onto Natasha's and began to speak with a sobering tone.

"Natasha, you are a valuable asset to this office. You have done well here."

"Thank you Mr. Stone," she interrupted. "I love working here and for you."

"As you know," he continued without losing momentum, "we have to make difficult decisions and personnel reductions today." 

"Yes sir."

"I will be straight with you Natasha. We are left with only one remaining paralegal position for this division."

"I'll fill that well," she interrupted with as much confidence as she could muster. She hoped her assertiveness would help jump to his conclusion. She leaned forward in the chair to wait for his response.

Mr. Stone smiled. He had always appreciated her initiative and drive.

"That's the thing," he continued soberly. "You are hands down one of the top two paralegals in our office."

Natasha's heart began to sink. She was flattered to be rated as one of the top two in a division of this size and stature. However, his words fell hard with only one position available.

"Who is the other?" she asked sheepishly, already knowing the answer.

"Sonja, of course."

The sound of Sonja's name knocked the wind out of Natasha. "Of course," she said trying to hide her discouragement.

While law office paralegals work as a team to support the firm's attorneys, the internal competition between them was always intense. Legal success determined the internal pecking order. Natasha and Sonja had dominated the top for the last two years. Both had joined the firm about the same time. Both had climbed fast through their competency and diligence. Both set the standard. For the sake of corporate culture, the two always remained outwardly cordial. The inward vocational rivalry between them however was unmatched. They were both intensely competitive. Losing for either one was not an option. Now, rather than winning a case for the firm, Natasha realized she was in a battle with her fiercest competitor for her job.

Natasha sat back in an attempt to look as confident as possible. She felt sweat building under her blouse, damping her chest and sides. Her eyes caught his glance at her moist cleavage as it glistened from the afternoon sun's rays. She uncrossed her legs, turned and crossed them again in a way that allowed the hem of her skirt to slide up a few inches.

His voice returned with soberness and his eyes to hers. "Quite frankly, you both bring so much to the table," Mr. Stone continued. "You are intelligent, competent and effective. It is impossible to know which one to select."

"Thank you Mr. Stone. I'm flattered by your evaluation. I must tell you, I believe I am the best person for the job," Natasha again asserted. "My record speaks for itself. I need this job. No one is more committed and willing to do whatever it takes." Natasha paused realizing the possible scope of what she had just said.

Their eyes remained locked as the words reverberated off their selective imaginations. Mr. Stone gave away a slight smile as images flashed through his mind of the possibilities.

"Whatever it takes," she repeated with a more assertive tone.

Mr. Stone's face softened. "I appreciate your willing determination and dedication, Natasha. It has been a mark of your work and excellence here. I will be honest," he continued, "to get and keep this position will require more from you than you have ever given or imagined." The tone of his voice conveyed the weight of new expectations. "How much do you want this job?"

"As I said, Mr. Stone, I need this job. No one will surpass what I am willing to do. No one will touch the new standard of excellence I will set. While my work up to now speaks for itself, you have not yet seen what I am capable of." Natasha again paused to allow her words to land. "I will not rest until you are pleased in every way, nor will I settle for anything short of exceeding your every expectation. The only limit I can see to the possibilities of my willing dedication is your imagination." 

"I'm glad to hear that. Here's the deal," he began to explain. "I am calling Sonja in next. I will share the same information with her and the invitation I am about to offer you. If she declines, the job is yours. If not, I will need to interview each of you tomorrow. The interviews will be comprehensive and exhaustive. There is a lot at stake. The purpose of your one on one personal interview with me will be to examine and demonstrate the scope of your skills, expertise and willing dedication. Any questions?"

"None," she said with strong determination. "I just wish we didn't have to wait until tomorrow."

"Again, I appreciate your initiative Natasha."

"What time can I begin?" she asked eagerly.

"Because of the comprehensive nature of these interviews, I will be dedicating the entire day to them. The first interview will take place in the morning from 9:00 until noon and the second in the afternoon from 1:00 until 4:00. I will call you both in at 5:00 to announce my decision."

"OK," she said, "sounds fair." 

"Fair?" he asked, surprised to hear the word used in his office. Remember, ""losers lose by the rules ..."

"...And winners win by redefining them," she said finishing his sentence with a slight smile.

"Pick a number between one and ten," he asked.

"Lucky seven," Natasha answered without hesitation.

"Very well," Mr. Stone said. "Unless you hear from me before, I need you to arrive here tomorrow at 1:00 pm sharp. One through five was for the morning interview, six through ten the afternoon. You picked seven. I will see you tomorrow at 1:00. Feel free to take the morning off to prepare any way you feel necessary. Be here at 1:00 and be ready."

"Yes sir," she answered, "I will be. Anything else before I leave?" she offered.

"That will be all for today, Natasha" he answered. "Thank you for coming in. Please close the door on your way out."

Natasha leaned forward as she stood up from the embrace of the soft leather chair. She paused briefly to ensure a memorable view of her full shimmering chocolate cleavage for his tired eyes. She straightened her blouse and skirt. "Thank you for the opportunity of my interview tomorrow. You won't be disappointed." She turned, walked across the large office and opened the door. As she walked through the door she knew her life and career at Jacobson and Cox would never been the same. She heard him pick up his phone behind her. As she began to close the door she heard his rugged masculine voice. "Sonja, can you come in here please?"

Natasha walked slowly back to her desk. Her mind spun as she tried to comprehend what just happened. "What did it mean?" she thought to herself. "What did he mean? What did I mean?" A dozen emotions ricocheted within her. She felt the tension as she walked through the maze of the main office area. In her periphery she saw other employees cleaning out their desks, putting what had been their secure careers in a cardboard box provided by the firm, under the watchful eye of security guards. She slipped into the chair at her desk, rested her elbows on the desk and cupped her face in her hands. 

Natasha inhaled deeply and slowly let it out to catch her breath and composure. Everything she had dedicated her life too was on the line. She felt overwhelmed. She continued to breathe deeply into her hands, losing herself in the contemplation of all that was happening. Minutes passed before being startled out of her daze by the sound of Sonja's confident seductive voice. 

"Not to worry Natasha." 

Natasha quickly looked up to see Sonja smiling confidently at the side of her desk. She felt a sting of competitive anger at herself that Sonja would see her looking insecure. 

"Why don't you just take the whole day off tomorrow," Sonja continued arrogantly. "When I'm done with him, there won't be anything left for your interview. You might as well pack up your things now while the good boxes are still available."

Natasha felt blindsided by Sonja's audacious razor sharp words. She stumbled to respond, still coming out of her daze. "I, uh, you..."

"Don't strain yourself Nat," Sonja interrupted as she continued her calm calculated assault of intimidation. "The position is mine. I told Carl he has never experienced what complete unrestricted employee dedication can feel like. He will when he interviews me in the morning and then hires me as his personal paralegal. Just imagining the possibilities for his cock will get me up soaking wet in the morning." Sonja paused with a smile, running her hands up and down her body as she imagined the possibilities. "There is nothing I won't do for him to keep this job Natasha – and I will enjoy every minute of it." She raised her arms out at her sides and looked admiringly at her own perfect body as if to invite Natasha to do the same. "Who wouldn't want this?" she asked rhetorically. 

"Ugh!" was all Natasha could grunt, still stunned by the boldness of Sonja's relentless trash talk.

Sonja seized the opportunity to make an obvious glance down at Natasha's still moist cleavage and back again to her eyes. "After I get this job Natasha, we might even hook up so I can let you have some," she said tauntingly.

Natasha knew Sonja meant what she said and was willing to do anything it took to secure the position. Sonja's reputation for unorthodox backroom case settlement negotiations was infamous. Whispers inside and outside the firm boasted Sonja's uncanny ability to win huge out-of-court settlements through "under-the-table" negotiations. Sonja never confirmed nor denied the allegations, always citing attorney-client privilege with a smile. However she always publicly relished her professional victories by reciting the mantra: "losers lose by the rules, and winners win by redefining them." If half the stories of Sonja's maneuvers to win individual cases were true, there would be no limit to what she would do to keep her career at Jacobson and Cox. Sonja counted on Natasha being aware of her reputation. 

Sonja is a 5'6" Brazilian bombshell with hot Latin blood running through her veins. Her gorgeous light brown face is accentuated with high prominent cheek bones, deep brown eyes, and a bleach-white smile. She enjoyed wearing fashionable, belted, low cut, mid-thigh length dresses that showed off her perfectly rounded 35C tits, small waist and long legs. Her customary two inch heals allowed the material of her dresses to accent and sway over her tight ass when she strutted confidently across a room. Sonja was hot and knew it. She chose law over being a model to feed her voracious lust for power and unquenchable thirst to win. She never hesitated to use anything at her disposable to ensure both.

"Beginning tomorrow," she said making one final pass to deflate her opponent, "it will be my job every day to take his firm in my hands and find ways to make it grow." Sonja smiled at the cleverness of her double entendre and the obvious success of her assault. Her words landed hard. Natasha sat shocked and uncharacteristically speechless by Sonja's brazen assault. 

Without another word, Sonja disappeared as stealthy as she arrived. She accomplished her mission. The preemptive attack went better than she had imagined. Sonja had the upper hand and intended to keep it.

Suddenly alone, Natasha's mind spun in disbelief. She felt dizzy from all that had taken place in the last hour. The position of her dreams that she had dedicated her career to achieve was now on the line. She had wondered what Mr. Stone meant when he said "to get and keep this position will require more from you than you have ever given or imagined." The twinkle in his eye and tone in his voice implied he would now expect more than legal posturing from her. Normally she would resist sexual advances in the work place, let alone any expectation of sexual favors, even to keep her job. Sexual harassment cases in law firms were never pretty. Today, everything was different.  

Natasha loved her job and career and Jacobson and Cox. Even in the best of economic times, her loyalty and fit with the firm's legal culture would keep her here. However, the current economic climate doesn't allow for options. The downturn was forcing local law firms to hemorrhage. Rather than hiring paralegals, firms were flooding the unemployment offices with them. Natasha was desperate for her job. 

Natasha began to ponder what new expectations and requirements Mr. Stone would have for her. She was surprised by how she felt stirred by the possibilities. It was one thing to oppose workplace sexual advances in general; it was another to imagine the specific possibilities of what being with Mr. Stone could be like. His power, position and rugged personality made him mysterious. More than a few nights since working for this division, Natasha had fallen into blissful asleep in the loneliness of her bed after pleasuring herself with fantasies of him. She had imagined the contrast of his Caucasian hand caressing every inch of her smooth ebony skin. She had imagined the sting of a gentle assault of her nipples between his teeth, only to brought to orgasm through his tongue's work on her clit. She moaned imagining his long thick cock getting lost down her throat as it moved back and forth through her full lips. She felt her nipples harden and pussy moisten at the thought of him pounding her love box with his throbbing shaft until it exploded to fill her with his warm creamy juices. The more she contemplated the possibilities, she realized Mr. Stone's new requirements were not "other duties as assigned," but new benefits being offered.

Then she thought of Sonja. Just the thought of her caused Natasha's stomach to sour and new resolve to rise within her. Although Natasha was unsure about what Mr. Stone fully had in mind, it was clear what Sonja's intentions were. She was going to work him over with her body until nothing was left. Natasha's competitive juices began to boil. "Not on my watch," she said to herself. "Not without a fight."

Natasha locked the stack of court papers on her desk in her file cabinet, instead of putting them in her briefcase to work on at home as she usually did. "I have a new case to prepare for tonight," she thought to herself, "one I cannot lose." Tomorrow would either be her last day at Jacobson and Cox or the first day of the rest of her life.

Chapter Two – Court is in Session

At 8:45 the elevator door opened to the Jacobson and Cox twelfth floor. A five inch black stiletto stepped out of the elevator and onto the floor, exposing a long brown leg laced in matching black fishnet stockings. Sonja exited the elevator. Its doors closed behind her. Sonja stood there and took a deep breath. Many of the desks normally buzzing with activity by this time were vacated. She lifted her chin and began to walk confidently across the long hallway toward her desk. "I will not be a casualty," she said to herself. "This day is mine." Fellow workers couldn't help looking up to notice the height of her shoes and the fishnet stockings that appeared out of the long black overcoat as she walked by. They all knew whatever she had on her calendar for the day, she meant business. It was game day.
