 Aellai released a low, slow hiss of annoyance as she sat through yet another terribly boring lecture from one of the many human servants that Mother had hired for the sake of educating the young gorgon. As a proud young woman of the House, she was expected to know everything there was to know about the finances required to run such an estate as well as all of the intricate nuances of etiquette that a young woman of her station was expected to know. 

The only problem was, Aellai just found it all so terribly boring. Over the many generations of capable women putting in the effort required to bring the House up to its current standards, they had also managed to create a veritable juggernaut of financial stability that was unlikely to collapse even if Aellai spent her entire life doing nothing but spending frivolously and without any caution whatsoever. Etiquette seemed even more pointless than finances, all that the subject taught her was how to insult someone in increasingly polite ways.

But, Mother insisted that she learn these things, and so Aellai suffered through them for her sake, even if the violet-eyed young woman would rather be anywhere else at that moment. One of the many serpent strands of "hair" atop her head seemed to be in agreement with Aellai's boredom as she twirled her writing stylus around in her fingers next to her head, since the red-and-black viper was currently trying to "snatch" the writing implement from her hand playfully. 

"Mistress Aellai, are you paying attention?" Came the servant's, Aellai was positive his name began with a "J", voice. 

"y-Yes, of course Jher," she replied, frantically hoping he wouldn't ask her to repeat anything. Truthfully she had stopped paying attention about an hour ago. 

The servant looked at her with his doubt clear as day in his expression. However, he did not decide to call her bluff, choosing to sigh instead as he pinched the bridge of his nose between his thumb and forefinger. 

"Miss Aellai, why don't we take a break for now?" The servant suggested, and Aellai internally cheered at the prospect, standing up and thanking her the tutor with a chaste kiss on the lips before she hurried out of the chamber.

"Finally free..." Aellai groaned as she walked out of the chamber and into a corridor. A quick glance out a window told her it was still day, perhaps if she hurried she would be able to make it? The trip to the room she desired was not overly long, however it was complicated by the need to make sure she was not seen. 

After several minutes, and one close call with one of the maids, Aellai finally arrived at her objective, slipping into the steam-filled room behind the curtain of silks with a grin. 

"Well hello boys~" Aellai purred as she walked into the male servants' bath, where several of the muscular and handsome laborers were standing in a semi-circle, clad in nothing but some dreadfully small towels, which did nothing to hide the thick tubes of their manhoods, instead accentuating the size of the members by clinging to them in the damp air. "I hope I didn't make you all wait too long~" She continued as she stripped out of her gown, dropping to her knees as the many men surrounded her in a loose circle, the young gorgon's athletic body on display for them to admire. Admire but not touch, not until she allowed it. 

In a smooth, seemingly rehearsed motion, each of the men dropped their towels in unison, suddenly surrounding her with a wall of hard cocks on all sides. 

"Oh my goodness~ All these hard cocks for little old me~?I'm speechless~" The young gorgon hissed as she looked at each of the meaty, log-like members of the servants, her "hair" of serpents slithering through the air and tasting the many different phalluses on display. As her nostrils filled with the masculine musk of the many men around her, Aellai found she couldn't resist joining her snakes, extending her long, forked tongue and coiling it around the manhood closest to her mouth, slowly working the oral muscle up and down the throbbing shaft. 

Each of the servants were jerking their cocks in a circle around her body as Aellai wrapped her lips around their broad domed cockheads, peeling back the foreskin with her tongue to expose the pungent and sensitive pink glans. All around her was a wall of masculinity, and whatever the young gorgon couldn't fit in her actual mouth was serviced with her serpentine hair, the many snakes atop her head surrounding an individual cock and dragging their own tongues along the entire shaft, worshiping each phallus from the plump balls all the way up to the tip. 

Aellai moaned as she began to slowly work her way down the shaft of one of the servants' cocks, her hands reaching out and stroking two more of the men. That was the signal that the servants had been waiting for, and soon Aellai felt multiple different hands groping and squeezing at her breasts, thighs, and ass, the many men moaning in pleasure as she serviced them. 

The young gorgon flitted from cock to cock, pleasuring each man with her mouth only briefly before she moved on to the next one. With each cock she serviced, Aellai slowly worked her way further down each man's shaft, until eventually the young woman was kissing one of the servants' pelvis, leaving her bright lavender lip-paint in a perfect ring around his cock once she pulled away, gasping for air. 

Aellai's actual mouth wasn't the only one pleasuring the many cocks that had surrounded the young gorgon. Each of her serpentine lengths of "hair" was also hard at work, pleasuring the men in pairs. One would swallow a servant's manhood all the way down to the root, while the other suckled and slurped on his two, plump balls, causing the servants lucky enough to receive such treatment moaning in bliss. 

As the athletic-figured young gorgon dove down the shaft of yet another servant, should found herself unable to fight the shiver of raw pleasure that the debasing act which she was exposing herself to was bringing her. The degrading position was causing a river of liquid lust to flow down her inner thighs and form a veritable ocean of arousal between her legs. It was all so taboo, the thought of Mother's face if she cause Aellai in the middle of such debaucherous ceremony causing her to moan in ecstasy around the meaty pole in her throat, the young woman's whole body trembling in excitement. 

The verbal acknowledgement of the young mistress' enjoyment of their actions apparently brought out some bravery in one of the servants. Before she had fully processed what was going on, Aellai's eyes widened, and she couldn't quite suppress the little squeak that escaped from her lips as two beefy fingers found their way inside of her soaked slit, probing and testing the young gorgon's virgin folds as the rough pad of a connected thumb rubbed against the sensitive nub of her clitoris. Without really processing the action, Aellai was soon rolling her hips against the invading digits, moaning around the many meaty manhoods around her and only half-consciously rolling her hips as the clever servant teased and fingered her. It didn't take long before the sensations became too much, causing the young snake-woman to tremble and whimper around the cocks pumping in and out of her throat, her voice rising into a scream that was muffled by pulsing manhoods as her flower squirted its nectar all over the pumping appendages inside of her. 

Aellai's climax seemed to whip her serpents into a veritable frenzy of lust, as she faintly felt their venom discharge harmlessly against the naked skin of the many cocks she was pleasuring all at once. The intensity of the orgasm made the young gorgon feel a bit weak, however this didn't seem to be an obstacle for the many men that were still surrounding her, even as her legs gave out until the constant tremors of misfiring neurons. 

The only sound that could escape Aellai's mouth was a loud "glhurk!" of protest as a servant took her head in his hands, suddenly thrusting in a manner that made his hefty, manly testicles bounce off of the young woman's chin. Aellai's hands squeezed with unintended tightness around the cocks they were busily stroking as this unexpected turn of events occurred, not that their owners complained in the slightest. No, if anything the young men seemed to encourage her to squeeze, and when it was their turns to have a go at her mouth, they seemed quite invested in returning the favor, using her mouth and throat as though she was some sort of mindless sex doll for their pleasure. Aellai was never so grateful that her kind could breathe around any obstructions in their esophagus as she was in that moment. 

While the servants used the young gorgon for their own pleasure, her eyes opened back up once more, her tears from the rough treatment mixing with the cosmetics around her eyes to cause dark tacks to run down her cheeks, while her gaze rolled up towards the back of her head, the young woman simply floating on a sea of bliss as the many men around her made use of her like a common street whore found in some back alley.

Taking one hand off of one of the many cocks surrounding her, Aellai cautiously brought her fingers up to her own throat. As she touched the skin there, the young gorgon couldn't help her quiver of excitement, as she clearly felt the tubular outline of the monstrously meaty mast inside of her gulping esophagus. The action seemed to inspire the man she was made to pleasure next, as he wrapped his fingers around her delicate neck and squeezed, seemingly tightening her grip around his own cock as he rutted faster and harder against her face, releasing a loud cry as he found his release. 

The sensation of the man's discharge was pure bliss for Aellai. The poor gorgon barely managed to whimper as the cock was taken out of her mouth and throat and then quickly replaced with another one. The feeling of the servant's cumming inside of her was enough to send the snake-woman into another climax, her consciousness becoming vague and hazy as she floated on the blissful sensation of the human cocks that were using her. 

Each time one of the servants released Aellai couldn't help but quiver a bit as their thick semen poured down their members and through her throat, the sheer size of each servant's erection sending their steaming payload directly into the young woman's belly, which she was currently stroking with one hand, enjoying the sensations of bliss this was causing. There was just so much sperm, and all of it was being dumped directly into her belly, each man grabbing her head just as they were ready to let loose and aggressively fucking her face until they came. 

Eventually however, all good things must come to an end, and by the time the servants she had selected were finished, Aellai's face and even her the tops of her breasts were completely covered in a layer of white seed, one of her eyes was even glued shut by the impressive amount of the thick, steaming substance. The overwhelming pleasure of it all made the snake-woman lay on her back, panting and gasping to try and recover just a little more air after such a long time with only the bare minimum necessary to not fall unconscious. 

Each of the male servants was more than happy to aid Aellai in cleaning up however, and it truly took all of the young gorgon's willpower not to have a second round as she was waited on before they all went their separate ways, almost as though the event had never occurred.