 Two weeks ago a friend of a friend helped me out one Saturday morning. It was one of Lucy's punishment days so I was amazed to find us all involved in some fantastic and mind-blowing sexual activities that rather got in the way of Cal completing the work I had expected him to do (see Saturday job with a difference). At the end of the day I had even found myself in submission to Lucy, my stepdaughter, which was a complete role reversal but very rewarding. However I made it clear that when Cal returns today I will take absolute control, and that will include him!

I smiled as I greeted Cal at the door, though I hoped he could see the glimmer of anticipation in my eyes. I left Lucy upstairs and after the normal pleasantries and a cup of tea I set Cal to work. As I left the room I gave Cal a warning - he had only a couple of hours to complete the work then I will be coming to take over the rest of the day. Cal started and sounded as if he was working his way through the minor repairs he had missed out last time. I let a couple of hours pass and I could tell Cal had barely enough time to tidy up when he heard our voices as we returned and went into the room.

Lucy is a feisty 19 year old but today was subdued and under my control. We had deliberately set out to dress in similar ways today as it would be important in the game I was expecting Cal to play for me. We looked quite demure in our mid-thigh length skirts, loose fitting blouses and low-heeled shoes. I could see that Cal had noticed this and was concentrating on the shiny, smooth nylon on our legs - are they tights or stockings? He will find out later I thought as Lucy deferred to me and we all settled down in the lounge. I came straight to the point.

"I will be in charge of how we spend the rest of the day. We will be going out for some food, though what you will be wearing and whether or not you will enjoy it is yet to be sorted. After the planning you clearly both did last time I am going to make sure you are suitably chastised. However I am going to make it more interesting. Cal, you will now be blindfolded. Lucy and I will either touch you, or ask you to touch us. Of course it will only be a small part of us, and any attempt to move your hand further than we state will result in you losing. You see, what you have to do to win is simple - who is it? If you guess right, Lucy faces an extra forfeit. If you guess incorrectly Lucy chooses an item of clothing. We will go through 8 of these, there are 5 forfeits. If Lucy has not been allocated them all you will do the remainder. As I said, for every time you lose Lucy will specify an item of clothing, clothing that you will wear to the meal. I will choose any remainder to ensure you are at least decent. Clear? Good, Lucy, blindfold please."

As Lucy placed Cal into darkness I could see he realised why they we were so similarly dressed - he had no chance to guess based on what we were wearing! Before he had time to think how this would work I placed my mouth over his and snaked my tongue between his lips. For a long while we kissed quite passionately, lips mashing together and tongues sliding around and fighting for space. Just as we were really getting into it I broke away and left him thinking. Last time he had a passionate kiss with Lucy - was this the same? 

"Well, who was teasing you," I asked. 

"Well, it seemed a very experienced mouth, one that knew how to arouse so I have to go with Fen," was Cal's swift reply. 

"Excellent, absolutely right, I do hope you enjoyed it," I teased. "Lucy, select one of the tasks and read it out."

Lucy picked up a piece of paper at random and read out, "You will be bent over the back of a chair with your hands tied to the arms and spanked 25 times with ... with a ruler... on your bare cheeks."

"Good. Now a last reminder, no touching what you haven't been given permission to," and with that I placed his hand on to Lucy's calf. The nylon was so smooth and we watched as he slid his hand up and down the back of her calf, being careful not to reach too high or low. He toyed with her slim and smooth, toned muscles under the shiny nylon and was clearly getting into the feelings when I motioned Lucy to move her leg away.

"And your guess is?" I said immediately, wanting to put Cal under some pressure. I was enjoying this, and by the rise in Cal's trousers so was he! 

We watched as Cal toyed with his thoughts - slim calves, mother or stepdaughter? This time he guessed, "Lucy."

I smiled at her as I said, "Oh dear Lucy, correct again, this is fun. Select another task." 

Lucy did so and read out, "The remote control butterfly will be worn at all times when Fen asks, and of course she will have the control."

Before Cal had time to think about what this meant I motioned Lucy to bend over and then placed his right hand on her bum. Cal was allowed to roam his hand around her two firm cheeks. But whose were they? I knew the material was no help, just a simple skirt from what he had seen and could feel. He was running his hand everywhere, tracing the faintest hint of a panty line. I could see he was again enjoying the sensation so I moved Lucy away asked my familiar question. 

Cal was convinced this time it would be me, thinking I wouldn't allow Lucy all the fun, but he was wrong for the first time!

"Oh dear," I tried to sound sympathetic but Lucy and I were smiling at each other, "this time you are wrong so Lucy will have the joy of selecting at least one item for you to wear later."

Again I took his right hand and placed it on Lucy's very shapely right ankle. Cal slid his fingers slowly over her slinky nylon covering the fine shape, and moved it up and down to the limit of what he thought I would let him get away with. His fingers roamed around both the inner and outer parts, sliding on to the top of the foot and up towards the start of the calf, all the time feeling the sexy nylon beneath his fingertips. I thought I would allow him a little more freedom and guided his fingers towards Lucy's foot. I watched him fondle her toes encased in their nylon sheath before I finally reached out and took his hand away. 

As before I posed the question and Cal did not take long to answer. Lucy has a slim, young foot and he announced "Lucy" very confidently. Lucy gave a small intake of breath as I confirmed he was right. I passed the tasks over and she selected another task to be done later. 

"Your clothing will be filled with cream or other foodstuffs before they are put back on. You will wear them to serve Fen until the cream runs out and Fen orders you to clean up." Lucy's tone of voice changed as she read this out because I knew getting 'messy' wasn't among her favourite occupations!

Halfway through and I was enthralled. I was already feeling excited as the two of them were battling to ensure they were the least punished. Currently Lucy had three forfeits and Cal only one item of clothing to be chosen by Lucy. We moved on as I lifted Cal's hand yet again and placed it on Lucy's perfect blouse covered breast. Cal started to stroke her breasts through the material, rolling an already growing nipple between his fingers through the silky material of blouse and bra. Much as I was enjoying watching this I had to move it on so I gave a warning tap on the hand preventing Cal from arousing Lucy any further. I watched as Cal held the whole of Lucy's right breast in one hand, lifting it and sliding his palm around the fullness of it. He seemed to be smiling slightly as if he was confident in knowing who he was fondling. The lace of the cup through the fine material couldn't detract from Lucy's very prominent and firm breast so when his hand was removed and I again asked for his decision he announced very confidently, "Fen." 

"Oh dear, and so confident too, but unfortunately not. Can you not remember Lucy from your pleasures last time? Shame on you, I am sure she will select your second item with care," I said, laughingly. I could see the shock on his face behind the blindfold as he contemplated his fate. I wonder if he will pay more attention to the task rather than the pleasure we are offering him?

I decided I wanted some of this action so I slid my skirt up to the tops of my thighs and moved towards Cal. He had clearly heard the sound of material against nylon so I picked up his hand and placed it on my nylon-clad thigh. I could see he was getting very aroused, a bulge very visible in his trousers as he teased his way to the top of my stocking and found smooth bare flesh beyond. I let him play around the top of the stocking, teasing and catching the straps from the suspender belt I was wearing. My flesh was warm and smooth to his surprisingly gentle touch as he stroked my thigh through the nylon of my stockings. I didn't allow him to roam too far so he couldn't easily tell if it was the slim thighs of Lucy or my firm but rounder thigh that he had hardly any chance to see or feel last time. As I took his hand away, I could see his cock was raging, no doubt aware of just how close he had been to my warm and increasingly wet pussy. He had to guess, and he chose Lucy. 

I giggled delightedly as I said, "Well, things are getting equal now, another item for Lucy to choose from, but I suppose I didn't really allow you chance to get to know my thighs very well last week did I? Now, we must adjust your position for a moment. Lie down with your hands at your side."

Lucy helped me lie Cal flat down on the floor. I placed a cushion under his head for a little comfort and to position him perfectly. 

This one was also going to be my joy as I approached the prostrate form of Cal. He could probably hear my clothing rustling as I stood above him. I reached under my skirt, quietly slid off my now sopping knickers and knelt down, a nylon covered thigh either side of Cal's blindfolded head. He felt rather than saw the smooth nylon of my stockings on his cheeks as I knelt down. I lifted my skirt over his head letting the light, silky material rest on his forehead as I settled my thighs either side of his head. I moved my sopping wet pussy closer to Cal's face before resting it onto his face. He could tell I was aroused and my pussy lips would be engorged and dripping as I pressed them against his mouth, rubbing them across him and making my clit tingle. I fought hard not to make a noise as I used his face for my pleasure. My juices were running freely as he stuck out his tongue and slid it into the folds of my flesh, slurping the honey that was running free. I could see behind me his cock straining at the thought of his compromising situation - blindfolded and lying flat on his back with an unknown woman on top using his face for fun and having no control over what was happening to him. He tried to use his tongue to arouse me even more, clearly trying to make me give a sound that would help him choose. I slid my pubis over his mouth and felt rather than saw his surprise as he realised it was hairless and smooth - and then reluctantly I slid back and stood up. Cal just lay there licking his lips, the bulge in his trousers clearly visible and straining to break free.

"Well, we are waiting, and you really wouldn't like to keep me waiting long!" I said, more sternly than I felt after his tongue lashing of my pussy.

He licked a few remaining juices slowly from his lips and said confidently, "Fen" and was rewarded with a squeal from Lucy. 

"Indeed correct, you were getting into it, as was I. We might return to that position later but in the meantime Lucy, read out the next punishment."

Lucy sucked in her breath as she read, "Lucy - you will wear nipple rings, linked by a thin chain with a small weight suspended from the middle. You will be taken .. ah.. from behind in whatever position Fen chooses but with nothing worn above the waist." Lucy's voice trembled at the thought of this, though I couldn't work out whether this was in anticipation or dread. I could see Cal was trying to picture the scene so I reminded him there was one more to go. 

"This one is crucial to you as if you get it wrong Lucy will be choosing one more item AND you will be subject to the last punishment. So, think very carefully."

Lucy knelt down and undid Cal's belt and zip. I asked him to lift his hips, and as he did so Lucy slipped off his chinos taking his boxers with them. The rush of cooler air drifting around his hot and very aroused cock was not affecting his excitement. I knelt down and started to blow gently on the end of his cock then used my tongue to lick lightly at the end, taking in the salty pre-cum that was leaking out. Gently I wrapped my lips around the head of his cock and took it inside my warm and wet mouth. My lips continued their slide down his hard shaft, more of his cock filling my willing mouth as I used my tongue to lick and tease the side of his hard flesh. This was as solid a cock as I had tasted and I could understand why - here he was, his raging erection being given the full treatment by one of two sexy women, who he couldn't see or touch. I kept on filling my mouth with his member until his cock hit the back of my throat. This was the moment Lucy had described to me and I was about to try out. I paused before slowly continuing and easing his cock into my throat, gagging slightly until I got my breathing right. The sensation was strangely erotic, breathing only through my nose as a fully erect, stiff cock lodged in and filled my mouth and throat. I could sense he was close to cumming from his deep throat experience in the dark. Finally my lips were nestled into his pubic area as I had swallowed the whole of his cock. Without giving Cal too much warning I slipped my mouth slowly back off, my tongue flicking away at the sides and head of his cock as it made the return journey and finally left it free, hard, erect and throbbing, desperate for relief. Both Cal and I were breathing hard (for different reasons!) and he seemed to have completely forgotten what this was about, concentrating as he had been on the amazing sensations. After licking my lips I brought him back to earth. 

"You are keeping us waiting again, this does not bode well for you later. Who's mouth has just been giving you the best sensation for a while?"

I could see him thinking - Lucy did a very good job last time on accommodating his cock, so it really must be her. But would I have done this knowing he would think it Lucy? Could I also completely swallow his cock like this? Cal clearly decided it was a bluff, and guessed, "Lucy" apparently confident I would not have this skill. How wrong can you be! 

"Lucy told me about her exploits as I asked her to describe in every last detail what you had been up to last time, so I thought I would have a go myself. Its quite a feat, and clearly effective, but you now have Lucy selecting four items for your dinner date. And of course, the punishment. The punishment might be something to test your resolve, as I am not going with the last forfeit written here. Instead I will instruct Lucy to decide what you will wear for this task but I don't expect it to contain any of your own clothing. She will have to 'help' you to your orgasm, but with a difference. You will cum onto your own face and mouth, you will swallow some of it and share the rest with Lucy." 

Cal gasped at that, I could tell he hadn't seen that one coming and seemed about to query it, but didn't. I sent Lucy to collect items she wanted Cal to wear, knowing this would be challenging again and enjoying every minute of Cal's discomfort.

Lucy returned quite quickly, as I knew she had been hoping or even preparing for this. In the interim I had removed Cal's blindfold and allowed him to sit back up. He wasn't able to hide his now permanent erection, which was still on show when Lucy returned. She handed me the four items she had selected which I held up and then passed to Cal one by one. The first was a silky stocking, black and shiny, opaque and very sensuous. The thought of Cal wearing these was intriguing. The next was not another stocking but a black, calf length heeled boot in a soft leather. Cal drew his breath in thinking about how he would hide the fact that he was wearing it, as I am taking them to a very public place. Cal seemed to relax then as if he had got all of the items. Clearly he was expecting Lucy to have selected the paired items to these, but he had forgotten one part of the deal - I get to add, so Lucy had chosen well.

I smiled as I handed him the next item and it wasn't the matching stocking or boot, but a black, silk camisole top. It shone as only pure silk can and felt sexy to the touch, and I watched carefully as Cal was looking bemused. Before he could consider this further I handed him the last item and it was something he had seen before - the black latex knickers Lucy had been wearing when we started this game the first time Cal was here. I could see him thinking that this didn't make sense, how could he wear such items.

"Are you sure? Surely I can't have just these, it doesn't make sense," Cal started to protest but stopped when I raised my eyebrows and glared at him. 

"You now have an extra punishment for speaking out of turn and asking questions when you should not be," I said, again more sternly than I felt. "It would be a shame for you not to experience the full sensual nature of your nylon stockings, so I think we will have to remove all the hairs on those fine legs of yours. I think the depilatory cream will work just fine." 

I watched the look of astonishment appear on his face, and waited for him to answer back again. With difficulty he held his tongue and contemplated his fate. As he did so I noticed him realise I had used the plural - stockings. He thought carefully and phrased a question to me, as he clearly didn't want to get further into trouble. Perhaps he was rather enjoying the whole day? 

"You mentioned stockings," he said quietly, "but I can only see one. Have you decided what else I am to wear, as you said you would be doing?"

"You noticed, and yes, I have. Lucy, fetch the other stocking and boot and a suspender belt that will fit Cal, we can't have the stockings showing as they fall around his ankles. Cal, take the remainder of your clothes off as we are going to make your legs so smooth you will really appreciate the feelings we are about to give you."

The next 20 minutes were surreal, but incredibly arousing for all of us. Cal's fine cock was standing erect for much of the time and I could feel myself getting well lubricated, my pussy lips opening slightly as the juices began to flow at the thought of the control I was having. I knew Lucy would be excited about the prospect of the games continuing too, but I didn't have time to check. Cal obviously wanted to go along with what we were doing so followed me to the shower where I selected the appropriate foam cream. 

I ordered Lucy to wet Cal's legs and spray the cream on from thigh top to ankle. He did look an odd sight at first as the foam got to work but when Lucy set the shower going on my nod his legs were cleaned off. His hairs went with the cream and his skin was bare. I know I always feel at my most sexy and vulnerable after shaving as the air moving around my bare flesh always seems much more apparent and I feel extremely naked. Cal will be feeling this for the first (and I hope not the last!) time, and his firm, well-proportioned legs did look good. 

Lucy reached forward and started to rub some moisturising cream into his clean 'shaven' skin and his now semi-erect cock sprung into life again. I was sure the sight of a slim, attractive young woman bent down applying cream and rubbing his legs, and the silky sensations that would go with it would be arousing him nicely. After the blindfold game he would already be close to orgasm, but I would not be allowing him to reach his peak for some time to come.
