 Things settled down a little after Victoria returned from her amazing Jamaican gang bang. She still made trips away to try and quench her incredible sexual appetite but there was simply no way visits to bars and dogging sites would ever come close to satisfying the gorgeous fifty-two year old woman after that wonderful afternoon on the beach near North Point. She tried to put that out of her mind and concentrated on being a loving wife, mother and grandmother.

Three of her children were approaching thirty and were all happily married with children of their own, but her fourth, Mark, was much younger and still lived at home. After they had the first three children her husband James had a vasectomy but nearly ten years later he managed to get her pregnant again. It was a complete surprise to the loving couple but they were both very happy with the arrival of another son. Mark was now a handsome nineteen year old who had just finished his first year at university. He had spent the summer back with his parents which allowed Victoria to spoil him completely like she always did.

However the summer break was now over and it was time him to return to university for his second year. Rather than struggle with suitcases and bags on public transport Mark had persuaded his mother to drive him. They packed all his stuff in the SUV and within a couple of hours were unloading it in his room in the hall of residence. Mark then invited Victoria to meet some of his friends who he was sure would be down the pub.

About fifteen of his friends were in the bar when Mark walked in with his mother. As he introduced her to them their jaws dropped as they took in the beauty of the lovely mature woman, their eyes scanning every inch of her curvaceous figure. She was dressed in a loose fitting purple silk top, a black pleated knee length skirt and black stockings. They had difficulty believing that she was actually his mother and none of them would ever have guessed that with her pretty face and stunning body she was actually a fifty-two year old grandmother.

Victoria had always managed to keep her dark side secret and totally separate from her normal life but tonight her luck had run out as Nick, one of Mark's friends, recognised her. Last time he saw her she was lying on the bonnet of a car getting fucked by a group of strangers at a local dogging spot. He watched as the mature woman take cock after cock but was too shy to have a go himself. Nick couldn't believe the same woman was actually the mother of his friend and couldn't keep his eyes off her magnificent body.

As evening went on the alcohol started having an effect the young students and they began flirting with Victoria, telling her how great she looked and that they didn't believe she was old enough to be Mark's mother. A few of the braver ones persuaded her to dance with them when some slow songs came on the jukebox. The first one held her lightly round the waist as they gently swayed in time the music, her hands resting on his shoulders but next youth was a little more daring, dropping his hands to her ass, and pulling her up close against him. The final youth was the most daring of all. No sooner had the music started than he grabbed her ass and pulled her body tight up against his. He began grinding the bulge of his jeans against her mound as his hands roamed over her body. Although out of sight of most of the group Nick could clearly see his friend with his hands all over the gorgeous woman, stroking her ass and also copping a feel of her breasts. He couldn't believe what a slut this supposedly respectable married woman was. Firstly he'd seen her getting fucked at the dogging spot and now saw her getting felt up by one of his friends just yards away from her own son. He made up his mind that he was going to make a move on the beautiful mature woman.

Later on in the evening she went to the restroom and that's when Nick decided to act. He was waiting for her when she came out and told the mature woman he knew about her dogging escapades, warning her that if she didn't do as he asked Mark would find out just what a cock loving slut his mother really was. Victoria was desperate to keep that part of her life a secret, especially from her son, so didn't resist when the young student reached out and cupped her breast. He stared into her brown eyes and as he pushed her back against the wall he dropped his hand to the front of her skirt and started to rub her mound. He told her what an awesome body she had and that he was desperate to fuck her. 

She knew that to keep her dark side secret she was going let him have his way with her but there was also something else. Even though her own son was only yards away Victoria was getting turned on by the young student feeling her up and far from being an unwilling recipient of blackmail, she couldn't wait to experience his cock deep inside her. She put an arm around his neck and pulled his head down towards hers, giving him a wet kiss and then when she felt his mouth open pushed her tongue deep inside his mouth. After they made out for a few minutes he took her hand and led the beautiful grandmother outside.

Fifteen minutes later three of the young students noticed that Victoria was missing and slipped away in search of her. They checked the other bars in the pub and then went outside to look around the car park but couldn't find her anywhere. They were just about to return inside when they heard a moaning sound from the dimly lit beer garden. They walked a little closer and then caught sight of Mrs Danvers and Nick. She was lying on her back on a wooden table, legs wide apart with his cock buried deep inside her. Her skirt was rucked up around her waist and her panties were lying on the floor as Nick hammered into her welcoming wet cunt. They had no idea how their friend had managed to screw the beautiful mature woman but were determined not to be left out. They hurried across to the table and one of them shoved his prick into her mouth, while the others grabbed and groped her full round breasts kneading them roughly as if they were large balls of dough. By now the gorgeous mature woman was loving the things these young men were doing to her and didn't care that they were friends of her son, she just wanted their cocks.

Nick fired a stream of cum into Victoria and then pulled out to be instantly replaced by another cock. The youth at her mouth grabbed the back of her head, forced his cock down her throat, and began thrusting in and out before depositing his own stream of cum into her. Someone else took his place and this set the scene for the next twenty minutes, each of them taking turns to fuck her mouth or drill their pricks up her cunt. 

After they'd all fucked her several times Nick told the other three students to go back inside and quietly tell the rest of the group what was happening so they could have their turn with the beautiful Mrs Danvers. He also told them to tell Mark that his mother had asked Nick to show her around the rest of the campus and they would be back shortly. He also told them to spike Marks drinks and to get him drunk as quickly as possible.

During the next thirty minutes they all managed to fuck Mark's mother multiple times, taking it in turns to ram their cocks into her inviting cunt and mouth. Victoria was loving how these young students, friends of her son, were using her. She loved the feel of them deep inside her, their hands roaming all over her luscious body, and wished they never had to stop. Although none of them were virgins it was the first time that any of them had fucked a beautiful mature woman like Victoria and not surprisingly none of them were able to hold out for very long before blasting their cum into her cunt or mouth. The wonders of youth however meant they were almost instantly ready to go again and there was never any shortage of stiff pricks ready to stuff into her. Semen was smeared around her lips and face and the beginning to leak out of her cunt and her breasts were starting to ache with the constant groping.

The respectable wife, mother and grandmother was taking all the young students could give her and the fact that her son was less than fifty yards away and at any time could come out and see what a cock loving slut she actually was just raised the excitement levels she was getting even higher. She sucked their pricks hungrily, taking them down her throat, and swallowing most of their cum. She held her legs wide apart and thrust back against every invading cock, arching her back and lifting her ass of the table, forcing them deeper and deeper inside her. She was loving it.

By now it was just after 10 PM Mark was completely out of it and had to be helped back to his room. None of the young students wanted to stop fucking this wonderful woman and one of them had the idea to take her to the motel just down the road for the night. The group stopped the assault on Victoria for a few minutes while they walked her to the motel. No sooner had they got into the room than the young students were all over her again, hands grabbing her ass, breasts, and feeling between her legs. They quickly pulled her clothes off and positioned her so she was on her hands and knees on the bed allowing them to take in the majestic sight of her magnificent naked body. A cock was then rammed roughly into her ass and another down her throat as they attacked the curvaceous woman from both ends. Hands continued to fondle her breasts, kneading them roughly and tweaking her nipples. The youth reaming her ass soon came but straightaway another stiff cock was ready to hammer into her back channel, followed by another and another. All the time she had a cock in her mouth and she seemed to be swallowing a never-ending supply of cum. Marks friends then turned their attention back to her cunt. They flipped her over onto her back, pulled her legs wide apart, and one of the young students mounted her, ferociously driving his prick into the fifty-two year old grandmother. As soon as he was finished another took his place and her cunt was never without a cock into it. Just as before her hips bucked up to meet every thrust.

Word soon got round the hall of residence what was happening at the motel with the mother of one of their friends and more and more of the young students wandered over take their turn in fucking Mrs Danvers. When they saw her they were all amazed how beautiful she was and couldn't wait to pound into her stunning body. They fucked her all night long with over fifty young students experiencing the fantastic pleasure this gorgeous mature woman could give. It wasn't as many different men as on her Jamaican gang bang but this one had gone on for longer and she'd had more cock up her as these virile youngsters seemed to have never-ending reserves of energy. It was now just after 6 AM and approaching eight hours since the fuck fest of the respectable mature woman had moved to the motel. Throughout that time her cunt was hardly ever empty as they hammered their stiff cocks into her. They had reamed her ass mercilessly and had dp'ed her for hours on end. Most of the time she was triple teamed with a cock slamming into her throat as well. If they didn't deposit their cum inside her they fired it all over her face and body.

There were still around ten of the young students left in the motel room and although they had all taken her many times they still wanted more of this magnificent woman and continued to fuck her on her back and doggy fashion, their hard pricks slamming into her cunt, ass, and mouth. She was totally covered with semen by now and eventually they allowed her to clean herself up. The fucking didn't stop though as two of them took her standing up in the shower and then after that she was bent over the table allowing the young students to mount her from behind and pile drive their stiff cocks into her. They pulled her down so she was lying on her back on the bed and then all took one last turn each in savagely thrusting their cocks into her battered cunt. Nick was the last one to mount her and he slammed into her ass and cunt like a maniac before pulling out and shooting streams of cum over her gorgeous body.

The young students took one last lustful look at the stunning mature woman they had fucked all night before leaving and Nick and Victoria were left alone in the motel room. He told her that unless she wanted her son find out about her dark side then she had to let him fuck again in the future. The respectable wife, mother, and grandmother had no option but to agree as her secret coming out would destroy both her son and the lovely life she had at home. The insatiable cock loving slut side of her hoped their future sessions would include Mark's friends again, the more the merrier. She had so enjoyed taking their cocks all night long and couldn't wait for their next gang bang.