 I may have been a total idiot, but I could not resist the desire to be forced. My ego was stroked by his confession that he wanted to see me fucked, used, and worshiped by other men. 

The fun and games began with his making me strip. Then he had me climb into the bed of his pick up. He tied me down with bungee straps, gagged my mouth. So far, not too bad. Then he climbed into the cab and began to drive. The sun beat down on my tits and my shaved pussy. Still, I was so excited, so fucking wet! 

I had no clue where we were going. I was acutely aware that anyone who drove by in a vehicle that was taller than his truck would have a view of me naked, exposed. I had a tough time keeping my hips from grinding. I watched as we drove under trees, stop lights. I heard and felt the trunk bump over a bridge. I heard the sound of his tires, the road, the wind. He stopped at a light and I could hear the sounds of traffic, Lots of traffic. 

The truck accelerated and we took a long curve. The interstate! Holy Shit! I thought. All those big rigs! I'll surely be seen! He slid open the back glass of his pick up and said, "Listen to this shit!" 

I could hear the truckers on his cb. Some had already spotted me. He was telling them where to meet us. Again, I thought "Holy shit!" 

"That's a hot peice of ass in your truck, come on!" one man said. 

"I'm gonna ride her, man! Sign me up!" another said. 

"Yea, man! She's got some nice tits. Nice ones!" 

He told them to meet him at the truck stop just over the state line. One truck was riding right along side us now, and a man leaned out, waved, and then pulled his pants down to reveal his cock. He pulled in line behind us and we pulled into the truck stop. 

He parked as far in the back as he could. The truckers all parked around him like a wagon train in the old west circling the wagons against attack. We were blocked in and shielded from view. 

He opened the tailgate, then untied the bungee cords that secured me to the truck. He pulled my legs until my ass was hanging off the tailgate just a little. Then he retied my legs wide open. My pussy was exposed, wide open. I am sure they could see my asshole, too. The men watched, making comments about my cunt, how big my tits were, the size and color of my nipples. All this while he secured me to the truck with my arms stretched way over my head, making my tits sit up straight and tall. I felt proud and a bit afraid. 

"Okay, guys. Who's first?" 

"Fuck yea! I'll do her!" a man stepped up, unzipped his pants, and pulled them down just enough to get his cock out. I felt it cram into my wet pussy. The whole truck rocked as he pounded into me, his hands reaching up and pinching my nipples hard, pulling them. Before he came, he pulled out of me. I could hear him jacking off, grunting as he pulled on his cock. Then I felt his cum splash over my pussy. 

The next man was a black man, and true to the stereotype, his cock was enormous. He wanted me to talk dirty to him. 

"Fuck me!" I moaned, "Fuck me with that big cock. Use my cunt, it feels like your cock is splitting me open. I want you to cum in my face so I can lick off all that cum." He didn't, though. He came in my pussy. 

Much to my amazement, a woman appeared and began to lick my pussy. She put her whole mouth over my hole and sucked all the cum out of me. Then she climbed into the truck bed, crawled over me, and sat her pussy down on my face. 

I began to lick her gently as another cock was shoved into my pussy. I flicked my tongue around on her cunt, then found her clit and began to suck it. Her hands found my nipples, and with her fingernails, she gouged into the tender skin there as I sucked her clit. The cock inside me exploded with hot cum as my sucking on her clit became more urgent, more desperate. I wanted to feel her orgasm on my face. 

Another cock found it's way into my pussy, a large cock. It sawed in and out a few times, then my legs were freed, and the man with the cock held my legs up. His fingers slid into my pussy, then he wiped the juice onto my asshole. His cock sipped into my ass and I felt an orgasm getting ready to rip through me. I worked hard to hold my ass up for him and he worked a finger into my pussy, then another, a third, and I heard the men all moan as his fist disappeared into my cunt. I came, still sucking on the clit in my face. 

The woman above me had stopped working my tits, and I guessed that she was now playing with her own. I could feel her little clit getting larger, and then beginning to pulse. If I had been able to, I'd have slid one of my fingers into her pussy, but she didn't seem to care. Her orgasm came upon her with screams and jerks. The men all seemed to approve of her performance, as well. 

She crawled off and the men had decided they wanted me untied and free to take more than one man at a time. I hopped down off the truck and was shoved onto the concrete. I found myself on top of a cock. Another was in my face. I sucked it into my mouth and let all the men watch me fuck and suck. 

The man in my mouth came. From behind, I was forced down into the doggie position, and I felt a cock enter my ass. It was the ultimate for me, a pussy full of cock and as ass full of cock. The men moaned as they pumped me. My pussy felt like it was being burned from the inside. I loved being reamed this way. I came hard enough to scream when the man in my ass began to slap me. "You're a fuck hole!" he said over and over as his cum filled my ass. When he pulled out of me, he said, "Now push my cum out, slut!" I did, and I heard some one take a picture as the cum dripped out of my asshole. 

Next, I heard the men begin to walk away rather quickly. I looked around, astonished and disappointed that it was over. What I saw was a state trooped walking towards us. 

I stood up, cum dripping from my ass and my pussy. "Officer, can I help you?" my boyfriend said. 

"Prostitution is illegal, sir, I'm afraid you and your...well, you're both under arrest." 

"Oh no, officer. She isn't a hooker. We didn't take any money for this." 

The officer was perplexed. "Then what are you doing?" He asked. 

"Officer, with the high price of diesel fuel, my girlfriend and I decided we wanted to do something to show our appreciation to the men who work hard to transport the goods we use every day." 

"Uh-huh." the officer said. "It is illegal to have sex in a public place, she's naked in public, and this is very indecent. You want to give me one good reason why I shouldn't arrest you both?" 

I could see that the officer was hard. I fell to my knees and crawled over to him. I unbuttoned and unzipped his gray slacks, I shimmied the tighty whities off his hips, and I sucked his cock into my mouth.I looked up to see his head fall backwards, his hat falling onto the pavement. I reached up and lightly touched his balls, then cupped them gently as I sucked on him. 

I let my hand slide down to my dripping pussy and got my finger good and wet, then let it slip gently into his asshole. His throbbing cock began to throb harder as he jerked his hips forward to bury it deeper into my mouth. I began to gag and pulled him out of my mouth, but I kept licking his head, his shaft. When the urge to puke had subsided, I took him as deep as I could, then backed off a bit, then again as deep as I could. 

He shot his load into my mouth with a red face and a groan. As he zipped his pants up, he simply said, "Don't let me catch y'all here again. Get lost." 

He turned and walked back to his patrol car. All in all, not a bad way to spend a Saturday afternoon.