 Holly is my wife and a nymphomaniac, but that's cool because I'm a sex addict and when you put the two together it can get really wild if you know what I mean. She's a super hot package of pure sexy woman, 29 years old, 5'8" tall, 125lbs, a fabulous figure (36D-26-36), shoulder length blonde hair and deep sexy blue eyes. We have been married about a year and lately she is becoming restless and distant making me feel the need to assert my domination of her so I worked out a plan to do just that.

My opportunity came when Holly began to beg me to buy her a new car. She pleaded with me until finally she told me she'd do anything I wanted if I would just get her the car. This was my chance, I made her a deal, if she would be my unconditional sex slave for 24 hours I would buy it for her. I told her I would be her master and she would have to obey my orders completely.

Holly agreed telling me I couldn't possibly make her do anything that wouldn't be worth it. If she had known what I had in mind she might have thought differently! We agreed that starting Saturday at 6PM she be my total sex slave. To get her ready for what I had planned I didn't fuck her for four days before got started. I also made some other plans and was ready as the time grew near for her slavery to begin.

Saturday came and I sat there in the living room waiting for 6PM, ready to take total control of my super sexy wife. At the stroke of 6PM I called to Holly. "Slave get in here your master has needs." She entered the room and stood before her lord and master ready to serve me.

"Take off those rags I want you naked" I commanded Holly. She quickly removed all her clothes reviling her luscious naked body to me. No matter how often I see her hot body it never fails to arouse me. Her big sexy breasts and hot pussy were mine to command and that sense of power made me very horny.

"Get on you knees and crawl over here and suck my dick bitch," I ordered Holly as I opened my pants setting free my rock hard cock. "Use only your mouth and don't touch yourself I don't want you making yourself cum, only I get to cum, my little slave."

Holly crawled to me, her big tits swaying wonderfully as she took my hard dick into her sweet mouth, sucking and licking it as best she could without her hands. The feeling of her soft lips and warm tongue on my rock hard cock was fantastic making me lose all control of my lust to cum in her mouth. I could tell her was becoming wildly aroused as her naked body squirmed around while she gave me the best blow job I ever had.

I reached down to Holly's dangling big tits with both hands, squeezing and pulling them as hard as I could just before my throbbing cock finally erupted into her sweet sexy mouth filling it with a huge load of red hot cum. "Swallow it all, I want all of it inside my sex slave," I demanded of my beautiful wife as she knelt before me with my pulsing cock in her mouth. "Are you turned on baby, I'll bet you'd like to cum wouldn't you."

"Yes master I'm very hot may I please cum?" Holly implored looking up at me with her lust filled big blue eyes, needing relief for the fire of sexual arousal that was building up deep inside her cunt.

"Hell no slave you are not going to cum until I'm ready, so stand up and put these on," I said tossing her a see through white bra and matching panties. "It's time for you to get dressed we're going out now."

Holly looked at the flimsy garments, then put them on. The bra was only too small (a 34C) making the band very tight forcing her tits to stick out and stretch the too small transparent cups to there limits. The bra and panties were so thin that her big pink nipples and blonde pubic hair showed plainly through them.

"What else do you want me to wear master," Holly asked as she looked at her sexy exposed body in the mirror.

"Nothing slave I want everybody to see your wonderful breasts and hot wet cunt," I told Holly as I admired the slutty look the flimsy garments gave her over sexed body. "Now bring me my duffel bag and the video camera case. I need the extra clothes I put in there for me, we'll be gone overnight. You won't need any other clothes cause you'll be naked most of the time."

Holly brought the two bags and stopped at the door. "Go on out slut, your going to be seen by everybody I wish to see you," I ordered. She went out to the car, quickly tossed the bags in as she slipped into the passenger seat.

I climbed in, reached over to the crotch of Holly's transparent white panties and rubbed the thin material into her wet pussy making it noticeably damp. "There now everyone can see what a horny little slut you are, and where we're going they'll lots of men to see you," I laughed as we drove to the Big Town Motel.

The Big Town Motel was a run down place where lots of truck drivers and other transients stayed. We pulled up right in front of the place so anyone coming or going would be sure to see Holly's semi-naked body sitting there in the car. I got us a room on the third floor and we went to the outside elevator.

Holly was very uncomfortable standing there waiting for the elevator with her tits and pussy showing. Several men saw her and some came over to ride the elevator up with us. "Is she with you buddy," one rough looking trucker asked me as ran his eyes up and down Holly's hot body.

"No she's not with me, she belongs to me," I told all the men gathered around staring hot eyed at Holly's sexy exposed body.

"What'd you mean she belongs to you man," he replied reaching down and copping a feel of Holly's barley covered firm little ass. She tried to move away from him but the other men crowded around her, starring at her body. One of the hard looking truckers fondled one of her large thinly covered breasts and said, "If she belongs to you how about sharing the big titted slut with us."

"Sounds like good idea to me, Holly tell these guys that if I order you to you'll suck and fuck all of them." I bragged as I ran my hand over her wet panties.

"I do everything my master tells me, if he wants me to fuck and suck you all that's what I'll do," Holly replied as the men around her continued to groped all her thinly clad body.

"You guys come up to room 369 in 30 minutes and you can gang bang my big titted sex slave all night long," I told the hard dicked truckers mauling my wife's fabulous sexy body. "Bring some booze and we'll have a real party with this little slut."

Several of the horny looking men rode up the elevator with us and had a fine time playing roughly with all Holly's ample sexual assets. They squeezed and rubbed every inch of her body as they crowded against my slutty looking little wife and made all kinds of pornographic comments about what they were going to do to her all night long. We went into the room and as I hurried to setup the hidden camera Holly asked nervously, "I'm I really going to be fucked by all those horny men, Charlie, there are some many of them, they'll fuck me to death."

"Don't worry baby this won't wear out," I told Holly, as I rubbed her pussy though her panties feeling the heat and wetness of her sexual arousal. "Your pussy's so wet and horny that I'll bet when they finish fucking it, you'll still be begging for more. Get those rags off baby I want to get you ready for all those hard dicks," I ordered my sex slave pushing her towards the bed. She quickly stripped the slutty outfit off and sat down on the bed completely naked, very nervous but also very turned on by the thoughts of the gang bang to come..

I got another surprise for Holly out of my bag, two pair of hand cuffs. "Here doll I don't want you touching yourself," I told her as I cuffed her wrists to the bed posts. "I want you helpless for the fucking you're going to get. Now let me warm up that pretty little pussy."

I stood and looked down on my helpless and very horny wife, then began working her huge breasts and dripping wet cunt over making her really hot to fuck. She lay spread-eagled on the bed, beautifully naked and so turned on she began to moan with lust. I needed to cum before the gang bang, so I made her suck my dick. My hand fingered her wet cunt and pinched her clit as she struggled to bring me off using only her mouth. I was so hot from watching all those men's hands on my loving little wife's body that I soon shot my load into her mouth as she neared her climax. I stopped touching her and moved away leaving her red hot and badly tormented because she was unable to cum.

Holly begged me, "Don't stop now I'm so hot I need to cum. Please Charlie don't leave me like this, I need to CUM." I ignored her pleading and left her squirming on the bed begging to be fucked. Her nipples were swollen and hard, her pussy lips gapped open as the wetness plainly, and her breath came huge heaves making her big tits raise and fall in a totally obscene way. She was ready to fuck anybody or anything just to get relief from the fire I had carefully built inside her.

A loud knock meant they were here for the party, here for my sweet little wife's pussy. I opened the door to six rough looking horny truckers ready to fuck Holly's flaming hot cunt, I wondered if even they could satisfy her. What they saw was enough to light their already smoldering fires of lust, she lay there red hot and naked burning with a desperate need to be fucked by all of them. "Damn man she looks like she's more than ready to party," said one of gang bangers.

Holly's eyes were wide with insane lust as she implored them, "Come on you bastards I need fucked NOW, somebody stick a hard dick in me NOW, I need fucked NOW!!!!

"Give it to her guys, fuck the hot little whore all you want, fuck her until her cunt's raw," I told them as they attacked Holly's helpless sex crazed body.

One half drunk trucker went over to Holly, grabbing both her big hard nipples, he pulled them up stretching those big firm tits away from her body. "Nice fat jugs baby, let's see how they taste," he tormented her as he bit one of her nipples so hard she screamed in pain. He continued his assault on her big tender breasts as the others stripped for action.

Another trucker with his big cock already hard and standing straight out moved to Holly. He rammed two fingers in her pussy saying, "The bitch's is really wet, I guess you want this huh baby," as stroked his 8 inch long cock to a rock hardness.

"YES please fuck me, I NEED that monster cock in me now," Holly begged half mad with lust for a cock, any cock that could ram into sex starved pussy and make her cum and cum and cum!!!!

"OK baby take it all," he commanded slamming his long hard cock all the way into Holly's hot cunt. He fucked her savagely as the others cheered him on. She soon exploded in a massive body shattering orgasm the first of countless ones she would have before the night was over. As the first trucker pumped his load of hot cum inside she wet and wild pussy, another one pushed him aside and resumed the pounding away into her more than willing young body.

After the first few fucks I took off the hand cuffs so Holly could handle more men at a time then I sat down to watch them fuck my little nymphomaniac wife like a piece of hot sex meat. It was like watching a porn movie with my beautiful sexy wife as the star and the site of all these horny men using Holly like a sex object was an incredible turn on. I jerked off several times as the orgy grew hotter and hotter and more men came to satisfy themselves inside her well fucked cunt, mouth and ass.

I opened a bottle of whiskey they had brought, poured myself a strong drink and got pretty drunk so allot of what happened for then on was a blur, I remember seeing Holly service four men at once, one in her mouth, one in her pussy, and two with her hands. Another time she was fucking herself savagely with a beer bottle while she sucked a large black cock. She even got sandwiched, one cock in her cunt, another up her ass, as she sucked a third one with her mouth.

The gang bang went on for hours, men came and went as they finished their turns with Holly's sex crazed body. I don't know how many men fucked her or how many times they fucked her, but she never got enough just kept cumming and cumming while begging for more hard dicks to fuck. I guess maybe at least fifteen truckers came and went, some of them fucked her more than once.

The orgy finally broke up after midnight, as the last man left I locked the door and passed out on the other bed. Before I blacked out I remember seeing Holly laying there covered in cum passed out in sheer exhaustion from the all the incredible fucking she had received while I has sat and watched.

When I woke up it was daylight, Holly was still sleeping, her body covered in dried cum. I ran a hot bath for her and tried to wake her. She was still groggy so I carried her in and laid her gently in the tub, letting her to soak in the warm soapy water. She looked so helpless sleeping there in the tub that I wondered if things had finally gotten out of control. Our sexual addiction was beginning to bother me. I knew now that my feelings for her were much deeper than my lust for sex with her. Though I had never really admitted it even to myself I was deeply in love with her!

I gently washed Holly as she soaked in the relaxing warm bath. She woke up and smiled at me as I cleaned her beautiful lush body. "Enjoying yourself, darling," she whispered as I ran the wash cloth over her tender pussy. "I want you to make love to me, Charlie."

"My god, Holly darling, I'd have thought you had enough sex after last night," I answered in surprise, kissing her softly on the lips.

"I don't want SEX, I want to make love, my darling. You and I have fucked lots of times, but have we really ever made love. I love you, Charlie. I'll always need lots of hot sex but your the only one I want to make love to," Holly said as she gently touched my face. "I do hope you know the difference."

"Oh! Darling, I very much know the difference and making love to you is what I want more than anything," I replied, kissing Holly's soft warm lips once again. I gently lifted her warm wet body out of the tub and carried my tender loving little wife to bed.

We made slow but passionate love for over an hour before cuddling together totally satisfied in a soft embrace. "We can't help what we are, Charlie, but sex addicts like us can still love each other, can't they," Holly questioned. "I guess I'll always need more sex than any one person can deliver, but I really love you and want you to love me back."

"Holly darling I'm deeply in love with you and as long as we know the difference between love and sex we'll be fine," I said softly to Holly as I held her in my arms and kissed her tenderly. Life with a nymphomaniac might be allot of things but I knew it would never be dull. A beautiful warm woman to love and wild sex machine all in one, how can one man be so lucky.

THE END