 Saturdays are my favorite days of the week. Usually, Stacy and I hung out together, catching up on chores, attacking various projects around the house, just being together, husband and wife. It was our day of respite from separation; working too many hours and wrenched apart from one another in the struggle to provide and survive. Even so, there were Saturdays when we would separate briefly as she went shopping while I attended to the yard.

This was one of those separate Saturdays. I'd just come in from mowing, showered and dressed comfortably in a polo shirt and shorts. When the phone rang, I was surprised and a little anxious. Phone calls were rarely a harbinger of good news. Seeing Michael and Melissa's number allayed the worst of my fears, yet a small hint of anxiety remained as I answered.

"Hello?"

"Hey, there, my friend," Michael's voice came through the line. "What are you doing?"

"Just finished mowing and cleaning up," I admitted.

"Do you know where your wife is?" he asked with a hint of humor in his voice.

"I'm, uh, pretty sure she's shopping," I said, uneasily. "I thought she said with Melissa."

"Well, she is with Melissa, after a fashion," he chuckled. "Here, wait." I heard some shuffling as his hand covered the mouthpiece. "She wants to talk to you," he told me a few seconds later.

"Honey?" I heard uncertainty in Stacy's tone.

"Stacy? You okay? Is everything all right?"

"I'm okay, honey, honest. Really. Just a little, well...Melissa's been feeding me Bloody Marys and Tequila Sunrises. I'm a little loopy, sort of."

"Oh, well, that's a relief," I said. "I thought something was wrong."

"No, not really," she said, giggling a little.

"What is it?"

"Honey, do you remember Kevin and Rene?" she asked.

I wracked my brain. Kevin and Rene. We didn't know any couple by that name. Unless. 

"From the story, you mean?" Kevin and Rene were the names I'd given characters in one of the stories I'd written.

"Yes," she said, sounding serious, "those two."

Kevin and Rene weren't a couple, though. Kevin was married to Rachel. Rene was Allan's wife. They had matched up in a swap on a Caribbean cruise.

"What about them?" I asked.

"Well," Stacy said, "we're kind of being like Kevin and Rene over here. Michael and me."

"Are you really," I asked, my interest piqued.

"Well," she sighed, "not completely. But, we're getting close."

"What does that mean?" I tried to sound even tempered.

Stacy took a deep breath. "Melissa and Michael started it, really," she began. "They were both kind of horny and started messing around. Well, that made me horny, too, especially with all those drinks, you know."

"And?" I prodded gently.

"Well," she said again, "Michael is naked and Melissa is, too. They've been touching and kissing and, you know. And, I just thought it would be nice to be included, kind of. But, I didn't want to do anything without asking you first."

I laughed more easily than my aroused libido should have allowed. "You know how I feel about that, Stacy," I said. "We've talked about this more than once."

"I know," she said. I could almost see the pout on her lips. "I just wanted to be sure. And besides, Melissa thinks it would be better if you were here, too."

"I see," I nodded. "So, are you naked, too?"

"Almost," she said. "I still have my panties on."

"And Michael is naked?"

"Yes."

"Is he close to you? Near enough to touch?" I asked.

"Yes. He's right here."

"Then I think you should touch him. Touch his cock with your fingers."

"Can I?"

"Yes."

There was a pause on the line. "Okay," Stacy said. "I did it."

"Now you should kiss it for him. Just a warm loving kiss. Can you do that?"

"Uh-huh," Stacy said.

Another pause followed. "Oh, that was nice, baby."

"Okay," I told her. "I'm on my way. You can take off your panties now. You can kiss and suck him and let him eat your pussy. But, you're not to fuck him until I get there. All right?"

"All right," Stacy said. "Hurry up, though. I'm really very horny. So is Melissa."

"Be right there," I said. "Love you."

"I love you, too," Stacy said and the line went dead.

I grabbed my wallet and keys and raced for my truck. It took me exactly seven minutes to cover the three miles to Mike and Melissa's house. I ran from the truck to the door and pressed the bell button.

Melissa was the mirror opposite of my Stacy. Dark-haired, with a short bob cut, her body was tight, with smallish breasts and well defined legs and thighs. She opened the door and grabbed a fistful of my shirt, pulling me into the house and locking her lips onto mine. I felt her tongue stab at my mouth and I opened up to allow her access. The heated kiss lasted only two or three seconds. 

"I've been waiting for you," she rasped. "We've all been waiting for you."

The sounds of Stacy's moans reached out from the other room. Melissa closed the door behind me and pushed me toward their recreation room. My eyes locked on the vision of my wife splayed across a huge easy chair, her legs spread wide. Mike's head was lodged between her thighs as he tongued and sucked her succulent pussy. Stacy's long, delicate fingers were intertwined in his dark curls, guiding and pulling his head into her snatch.

Stacy's eyes met mine, though it took her a second to recognize me through her passion. "Oh, Steven," she moaned. "Please, can I fuck him now? Please say I can fuck him now. I need him to fuck me."

"Of course, baby," I whispered back to her. "I'm here now. You can fuck him."

"Oh, geez, baby," Stacy moaned to Mike, her hands pulling his head away from her. "Come on up here and fuck me. I need to feel your cock inside me."

I became conscious of a hand stroking my own hardness through my shorts.

"Get naked, Steve," Melissa growled. "I've been waiting for this for a long time."

"What the hell, Melissa?" I asked her, ripping off my polo and dropping my shorts to my ankles. "How the hell did this get started?"

I heard my Stacy moan as Mikes hard cock slid into her. "Oh, gawd that feels so good," she told him.

Melissa took my now naked cock in her small hand, stroking and milking it. "I was horny when I woke up this morning," she said. "I got myself off in the shower, but it didn't satisfy me. I was just about to seduce Mike when your wife arrived. She looked so blonde and gorgeous, I just got to thinking how hot it would be to see Michael and her together."

"You're shitting me," I whispered. "You thought it would be hot to see your husband fucking my wife?"

"Look," she directed me, nodding toward the couple in the easy chair. "I was right, wasn't I? God, they look hot together."

Melissa dropped to her knees and had my cock in her mouth in a second. Her eyes never left the exhibition in front of her. She seemed fascinated with the vista of her husband pounding his cock into my receptive and enthusiastic wife. Her lips slipped off the end of my meat and she stood in front of me.

"Why have we waited so long to do this?" she asked.

I could feel my cock pressing into the heated flesh of her belly.

"Did you want to, really?" I asked.

Her blue eyes sparkled as she looked into mine. "Sure did. I thought it would never happen. But, there they are," she said, indicated the fucking couple across the room. "And now it's our turn."

She backed away and captured my hand, leading me to their sofa. She lay down, one leg across the back and her other foot on the floor, spreading wide for me.

I knelt beside her, capturing her right nipple between my lips, delighting in the tight flesh and rubbery nipple.

"Stop screwing around," she ordered, "and get that lovely cock inside me."

I eased up between her legs and felt my rod bounce against her flesh. She grabbed it, slid it up and down her gash, then position it precisely at her hot opening.

"Put it in, baby," she whispered. "Fill me with your hot, hard meat."

I pushed forward and slickly slid into her inner depths until our pubic regions met. She was hot, wet, and receptive. She let out a wavering "Oooo," sound as I sank into her.

"Oh, God," she moaned. "I love the feeling of a cock sinking home for the first time."

Yeah, I thought to myself, that's a damned good feeling.

My musings were interrupted by Stacy's cry from the chair. "Oh, yeah, baby! I'm coming!" she yelled. "Fuck me and make me come!"

"Oh, that's not fair at all," Melissa growled at me. "You're going to have to fuck me hard and fast so we can catch up."

I did as the dark-haired minx asked, the voice of my own wife crying and swearing in my ears as she crashed through one climax after another.

"Oh, fuck! Oh, fuck! Oh, fuck!" Stacy cried. "You got to come, baby. You got to come inside me. Come in me, please!" she wailed.

I felt my own orgasm building inside me. It was way to early, I knew, but the sounds of my wife's passion was pushing me over the edge.

"Oh, shit, Melissa," I grunted. "I'm going to come."

"Yeah, baby," she snarled through gritted teeth. "Fuck me and come. I'm there. Just fuck me. I'll come with you."

The sound from my throat was visceral and raw, more like a wild animal than a human. I felt the burning in my thighs and the tightness of Melissa's around me. I blasted my first shot in a burning flare deep within her, pulled back, pounded home and spewed another expulsion into her chasm. I grasped her shoulders and pulled her down on my meat as the remains of my ejaculate pumped into the depths of her pulsing channel.

Melissa was much quieter than my Stacy, the only sign of her own release being a hissing groan coming from between her clenched teeth. I held her tight and gasped for air, gratified at my own release but disappointed at my failure to wrest more of a reaction from my partner.

I wagged my head in apology. "I'm sorry," I said. "It was just, you know, I kept hearing Stacy, and I just couldn't hold back."

"It was good," Melissa said. "I came. So did you. It will be even better next time."

"There's a next time?" I asked, still panting and somewhat amazed.

She strained to look at her husband and my wife over her right shoulder. "You think we'll be able to keep those to fuck-buddies apart? I wouldn't even try. And, if you're game, I'd like to go again."

I hitched myself up on my elbows and looked into her face. "I'd like that," I admitted. "I'd like that a lot."

Stacy sat with her back against the door of my truck as we drove home later that night. She smiled at me, smiled out the window, then looked back and smiled at me.

"What?" I asked.

"Just thinking," she said.

"Out with it."

"Well, I like your stories," she said with a grin.

"Yeah," I nodded.

"When I read them, they make me hot."

"That's the idea, isn't it?"

"But, I've got to tell you, that this was so much more, so over the top in comparison. It's just unbelievable."

I pulled into the driveway of our house, the headlights illuminating the garage door. I pushed the button and watched as the door swung open, pulling the truck into the vacant facility.

"We'll have to go back and get your car," I noted.

Stacy grinned broadly.

"You've got it bad, girl," I told her.

"You're not mad, are you Steven?"

"No, baby. I'm not mad."

How could I be mad? Sure, Stacy had gone off the reservation, but only partially. She called me. She'd asked permission. She'd invited me to share in her exploration. I'd been as much a party to this as she had. She had every right to be just as mad at me.

"You want anything to eat?" she asked.

"Not really. Melissa took care of us."

"She took care of you," Stacy quipped.

"So, are you mad?" I asked.

Stacy turned and virtually leapt into my arms. "Of course I'm not mad," she said, nuzzling my neck. "My God, Steven, do you realize what we did?"

"Uh, yeah," I said slowly. "I think so. I was there."

"You had fun with Melissa, didn't you? I mean, she was an absolute slut with you. I loved watching her go down on you and drag you down to fuck her. It was so hot!"

"You liked that?"

"I did, baby. It was like watching you in a porn movie. It was thrilling!"

"What about you? Did you have fun with Mike?"

"Oh, God, baby, did you see him? He made me feel like a goddess. He worshipped me. It was awesome."

I carried my wife through the kitchen into our own den and sat on the sofa with her in my lap. "You are a goddess," I told her. "You should be worshipped."

She snuggled closer. "I always felt that way with you, Steven," she whispered. "But, I never knew anybody else could make me feel that way."

"You think they're going to be all right? Mike and Melissa?"

Stacy hummed. "I think they are. Melissa started all this, you know. When we came home from shopping, she nearly stripped him right there in front of me. I asked her if I should go. But, she said she wanted me to stay, to watch and to help them realize one of their fantasies."

"Really? What was that?"

"She never told me. But, she got naked, and started kissing him all over. Then she asked him if he wanted me to watch her give him a blowjob. He just sort of groaned. So, she started sucking on him, right there in the kitchen. I felt really giddy watching her.

"His cock looked so nice, you know. She asked me if I liked it and I told her it was very nice. Then she asked Mike if I could touch it. He told her, 'Sure.' So, I did. That's when she started stripping me. I asked her what she was doing and she said they were both naked and I should be, too. Maybe it was the drinks, but it seemed to make perfect sense to me."

"But she left your panties on?"

"Well, that was my idea. I told her I couldn't go any farther until I talked to you."

"So that's when you called," I surmised.

"And, while I was talking to you, Melissa was rubbing his cock all around my titties. She'd lick him a little and then slide him around my nipples. I was getting so turned on.

"When you told me to kiss his cock, I had to take it away from her. When I put my lips around his head I could hear her saying, 'Yes!' like she'd won something. Then she whispered in my ear, while I was talking to you. 'Tell him to come over so I can fuck him,' she told me. So, that's what I did."

"Well, not really," I reminded her. "You just said she was waiting for me."

"You must have nearly passed out when she met you at the door naked," Stacy giggled.

"It was more of a shock to see Mike with his head between your thighs."

"Well, you said it was okay," she feigned a pout.

"Yes, I did. And, from what I heard, you were liking it."

"Hmmm," Stacy hummed, and wriggled in my lap. "It still makes me tingle. And, when I saw you there, watching, it just put me over the top."

"You know what was awesome for me?"

"What?"

"Hearing you beg me to let him fuck you. That was so hot."

"So you weren't mad at me?"

"Not."

"And you're not mad at me now for letting him?"

"Nope."

"And we're going to do this again?"

I chuckled. "As Melissa said, I don't see how we can stop it. Apparently you and Mike have a connection. I'd have to be a real jerk to get in the way of that."

"I'm so glad I'm your wife," Stacy said, squeezing me tight.

"Me, too," I replied.

"And, this will make a wonderful story, too, don't you think?"

"If you'll help me write it," I suggested.

"It will make me horny," she said warily.

"We'll have to warn Mike, then," I said.