 Disclaimer: 

This is a pure stroke story with very little plot or character development. 

If you carry on and read it don't say you weren't warned!

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Mrs Victoria Danvers married James, her first love and childhood sweetheart, over thirty years ago as soon as they both finished university. She was a caring mother to four wonderful children and spoilt her ten grandchildren endlessly. They lived in a mansion deep in the Surrey countryside where she was a pillar of the community, being a councillor, serving on the local PTA, and doing a lot of charity work.

Nobody who met the charming mature woman would have guessed that Victoria had a dark side which she went to great lengths to keep hidden and so maintain her public image of being a loving wife, mother and grandmother. Only one person knew of her double life and that was her husband. Indeed it was James that had suggested it. The couple used have a very active sex life but eighteen months ago James had a skiing accident which left him paralysed from the waist down. He still loved his wife and dearly wanted her to be completely happy both in and out of bed. Eventually one afternoon he confessed his feelings to his wife and soulmate. He explained how devastated he was that he couldn't satisfy all her needs but they had to be realistic with the situation. He went on to tell her he didn't mind if she took lovers as long as they made her happy. All he asked was that she had to be very discreet and that she told him all about what happened each time. She had never thought of being unfaithful to her wonderful husband but had to agree with him that a lack of sex was making her miserable. It took a lot of persuasion but eventually she realised his ideas were for the best and agreed to his two conditions.

And that's how the respectable Mrs Victoria Danvers started down the slippery slope to becoming the cock loving nymphomaniac she now was. At first it was just one night stands in hotels far from her Surrey home. It never took very long for someone to hit on the beautiful woman dining alone and then after a few drinks and a little chat it was upstairs for sex. This was enough to satisfy her for a few months but then she began to become bored with the same routine and needed something extra to spice up her love life.

The next thing she tried was getting picked up in bars. She'd flirt with any man she liked the look of and the evening usually ended with her getting fucked in the back seat of a car or in some dark alley. She loved the risk that at any time she might be discovered having sex in a public place but eventually even this didn't satisfy her. She needed even more.

Six months ago she tried dogging for the first time. She drove to a remote location in the countryside many miles from her home which according what she read on the Internet was a popular dogging spot. After giving a blow job to a man through the car window she got out and he had her on the bonnet. Three other men came over and once the first man had finished they took turns fucking her one after the other. This was also the first time she had been gang banged and she loved it. She went back to the same location several more times and each time more and more men were there. She assumed that word had got around that a mature woman was available to receive their cocks. The last time, just a month ago, around twenty men screwed her. Being taken again and again by a group of strangers was the most thrilling feeling she had ever experienced.

In just a few short months the respectable Mrs Danvers had become a cock loving slut who just couldn't say no. At home she still behaved impeccably but in her alternative lifestyle she would fuck anyone, anywhere, anytime. However by now just having one man at a time wasn't enough for the insatiable grandmother. Her fantastic body could only be satisfied by a gang bang and the more men involved the better she liked it.

Victoria now planned the ultimate adventure to fulfil her sexual cravings and eventually she decided on a Jamaican vacation. She had read plenty of stories about tourists venturing to the wrong part of the island and being gang raped and had made up her mind to find out if they were true or not.

Two weeks later she checked into a hotel on a beach close to Montego Bay. After unpacking she took a shower and as she started towelling herself dry and looked at her reflection in the full length bathroom mirror. From her long wavy brunette hair, dark brown eyes and a body to die for she liked what she saw. Her large full breasts were still showing no signs of sagging despite her age and although her tummy and ass were carrying a few extra pounds this simply had the effect of making her body look even more voluptuous. She gazed down at her long smooth legs as she pulled herself up to her full height of 5'8" and did a little twirl. Not bad for a fifty-two year old grandmother she thought.

She spent a few days checking out the island and letting the locals check her out. She walked along the beach near the hotel and frequented the local bars. She loved the effect she had on the men, their eyes never leaving her magnificent body, and she knew they all wanted to get between her legs. Well, tomorrow was going to be the big day and if they were in the right place they could fulfil their carnal fantasies.

Victoria had read the hotel guest book which described the areas which were safe to tourists and which areas to avoid. It made clear that under no circumstances should women walk alone to the west of North Point. That's just where she decided to head for on this hot sunny afternoon.

Leaving her hotel room she started walking along the crowded hotel beach. Wearing just a long white T-shirt and a pair of flip-flops the breathtakingly curvaceous grandmother continued the two mile walk to North Point. Gradually she noticed there were fewer and fewer people around and by the time she rounded North Point the beach was completely deserted. Carrying on walking the beach got a little narrower with the ocean on her right and palm trees all the way down to the beach edge on her left. Rounding the next headland she saw a couple of men swimming in the blue water, and as she got closer noticed their eyes fixed on her gorgeous body. The wind gusted blowing her T-shirt hard against her breasts and lifting the bottom of it above her thighs. She quickly pulled it back down again but not before the men saw that she was totally naked beneath it. She carried on walking and glanced behind to see the men coming out of the water and following behind her, but now they had been joined by three more men who had appeared from the tree-lined area.

Victoria felt the excitement rise through her body as she thought about what was shortly going to happen to her. She glanced behind again and now there were at least twelve men in the group, a mixture of old and young, mainly black but some white. She smiled to herself and quickened her pace to make it look as if she was trying to get away but of course that was the last thing this cock loving slut wanted to happen. She glanced behind one final time and now their numbers had swelled to around twenty. This was it, her ultimate fantasy was just about to be fulfilled.

The beautiful mature woman started to run but the men soon closed the gap and as one of them caught her ankle she fell to the ground. The pack were on her, quickly pulling off her T-shirt. Two of them held her arms while others explored her fabulous body. Their hands were roaming everywhere, over her breasts, stomach and between her legs.

One of them then moved between her legs and mounted her, quickly hammering his prick into her welcoming cunt. He fucked her hard for a few minutes and then pulled out shooting jets of cum over her breasts and face. Another man took his place and started pumping her like there was no tomorrow. He too pulled out just in time to spray cum all over her. A third man entered her, followed by two more, all fucking her like maniacs.

The insatiable grandmother was loving it, her body was on fire as the men pounded into her. She had already experienced one orgasm and was quickly approaching a second. Her hips arched upwards to welcome the invading cocks and she screamed at them to give it to her hard and fill her up with their hot cum.

Soon some of the men were coming back for a second go at her magnificent body, holding her legs wide apart as they ravaged her. The weird thing was none of them attempted to fuck her mouth or ass, they all wanted to just destroy her cunt, but she didn't care and was more than happy for man after man to use her as a cum dump. More men were arriving all the time and didn't seem to mind the sight of cum streaming out of her gaping pussy, happily taking their turns in violating the mature woman.

Close to two hours had now passed and still she was taking more and more cock inside her. There must have been around forty men by this time and most of them had fucked her at least twice, but still they were queueing up for another go at her. They all followed the same routine, hammer into her for a few minutes and then deposit their seed deep inside her or fire jets of cum all over her body and face. By now she was exhausted and although still loving the feeling of their cocks up her cunt, she was too tired to grind her hips back into them as she had done earlier. Apart from orgasm induced convulsions she was lying motionless as they ripped into her.

Some of the men had now fucked her three times and were lying down on the sand, watching their friends plough into the lovely wife, mother and grandmother, and a few were on their mobile phones, either filming the fuck fest or calling their friends to come down and join in. So much cum had been sprayed on her hair it was soaking wet and looked like she had just come out of the shower. Her face, breasts and thighs were caked with cum and it was pouring out of her ravaged cunt.

She came to Jamaica for cock and had been getting all she could handle for nearly three hours now. She was still lying on her back, legs wide apart, as the never-ending line of men continued to use the mature woman purely for their own pleasure. One by one they knelt between her legs and drove their pricks hard into her luscious body, pistoning in and out of the her soaking wet pussy as fast as they could. They loved fucking this magnificent grandmother, ramming their cocks bareback into her, before depositing their cum into her battered vagina. Her voluptuous body was trembling with almost continuous orgasms but the men were showing no mercy. Although many of them had gone home, and some were just watching, more were arriving and there was still a line waiting to continue the assault on her wrecked cunt.

A young muscular black man knelt down and drove his massive cock straight up her, going balls deep in one thrust. It was by far the biggest prick she'd taken since the gang bang started, and she felt it hammering against her cervix. She screamed and locked her legs around his back as he fucked the mature woman like a machine, brutally pistoning in and out of her gaping cunt, filling her up as no one had ever done before. He seemed to have endless stamina and even though he had given the gorgeous fifty-two year old grandmother multiple orgasms he continued to power fuck her. Every now and again he would pause with his massive cock buried deep inside her and rotate his hips allowing his cock to navigate every inch of her cum filled vagina, before pile driving back into her again. After what seemed like an eternity this superman eventually could hold back no longer and he deposited a load of hot semen inside her before firing jets of his creamy seed all over her body.

Her cunt wasn't empty for long as another man quickly mounted her and started fucking her as hard as he could. By now it was well over four hours from when the first man had entered Victoria and finally the queue was getting smaller. More and more of the men were leaving while others just sat down and watched their friends continue to violate the stunning mature woman. Soon the last man was between her legs and driving his prick into her as if his life depended on it. There were about a dozen men left and they all got up, formed a circle around the rutting couple, and started wanking. As if expertly choreographed, the moment the man deposited a final load in her already overflowing cunt, the rest of them fired stream after stream of hot white cum all over the grandmother's magnificent body, coating every inch of her skin with their creamy fluid.

And then it was over. The men left and Victoria was left alone on the now deserted beach, her semiconscious body unable to move after the incredible pounding she had received. It took a good thirty minutes before she could think clearly again and began to take in on what just happened. Her cunt had been ravaged for nearly five hours and in that time she had probably taken around seventy different men up her. Most had fucked her two or three times, some four and a few five. She had no idea how many gallons of cum were deposited inside her and all over her body. Although exhausted, thankfully all the cum had kept her vagina well-lubricated and she felt incredible, better than she would ever have imagined. Being taken by man after man, their cocks hammering into her cunt for hours, and their semen filling her vagina to overflowing, was exactly what she wanted and she felt completely satisfied.

She got up and slowly waded into the warm water, washing as much of the cum off her body as she could, before slipping her T-shirt back on. The gorgeous fifty-two year old grandmother walked gingerly back along the beach to the hotel, wondering if this feeling could ever be beaten. She smiled to herself as she thought about how she was going to explain this to her husband!

END