 Saturday night I invited over some friends for a party. In addition to me there was Rob and his wife Diane and Chris with his wife Miyu. I expected a night of drinking, food, xbox, games, hot tubbing and just plain fun. Well, it turned out better than I expected. I reminded them all to BYOB their favorite, bring a bathing suit (or not) and be prepared for fun! 

Chris had told me the last time we spoke that his wife has the hots for Rob but she was too shy to say anything. He was hoping that the party it might slip out. I came up with a plan, and it worked perfect.

Everybody arrived around 6 with booze, snacks and naughty minds. Rob and Diane both were formally dressed, Rob in a suit and Diane in a red dress with black heels. Chris was wearing khakis and a polo, while Miyu wore a Japanese style silk dress. 

I poured a round for all of us and we sat chatting and sipping on vodka. After we finished our drinks I invited the girls to go sit in the hot tub while the guys were playing xbox. I let Miyu and Diane use the guest room to get changed. 

Me, I just took off my clothes since I like to hot tub naked. Diane came out wearing a skimpy bikini that showed off her body. She is 5'4", 34C-26-34, black hair and hazel eyes. Miyu was wearing a one piece. She looked very pretty and seemed embarrassed that I was standing there naked. Diane had seen me naked in the past and knew me too well to be shy. She laughed and told Miyu to get used to it. Miyu is a small (5'1") Asian with dark skin, black hair and a 34B chest. 

I grabbed three towels, some cold beers and we went outside. The tub was a perfect 102 so we all got settled in. As we sipped on the beers Miyu commented that she could see why Chris liked fooling around with me so much. Side note, I am dating Diane's husband Rob and we have bisexual threesomes with Chris. Both wives are aware and support it since they are not that much into bi guys. I told her that I like both guys and we have a great time together. After a few minutes they finished their beers so I went back to grab more. 

Rob and Chris were recreating the last Super Bowl on Madden. Chris was winning by 7 early in the 2nd quarter. Rob assured me though that he was going to win. I suggested they bet on the outcome. The winner gets to give the loser a blowjob and then in return the loser blows the winner but the winner gets to choose one girl to join in. This was part of my plan. I had told Rob before to choose Miyu so we could see her have fun with him. I figured Chris would have chosen her as well.

I went back outside and got back in the tub. I told the girls that after the next beer we should to inside and hang out with the boys. I figured the game would almost be over by then. We quickly finished the drinks, all feeling a bit buzzed now, and got out of the tub. As we dried off I noticed Miyu checking me out more than once. I gave her a big hug and thanked her for coming over. I then did the same with Diane and kissed her on the lips. Miyu just stood there staring. 

We got inside. The game was just going into the fourth quarter and now Rob led by 3. Diane and Miyu both got dressed again while I slipped into a black dress. When the girls came back out I explained the bet. Diane laughed and said "I might just be tipsy enough to watch that tonight." Miyu said nothing. Rob whooped from the other room, he just scored a late touchdown to go up by 10. The game ended. 

I invited the girls to sit on the couch and enjoy the show. Miyu seemed reluctant. I told her "Look, you know they do it, just sit and have fun watching." Her and Diane sat on the couch. I squeezed myself in between them. 

Rob kneeled down in front of Chris, still wearing his suit. Black jacket and pants, white shirt and red tie. He reached out and unbuckled Chris's pants. He pulled them down, along with his boxer briefs. Chris's 7" cock sprang out, already fully erect. Rob laughed and smiled up at him. I put one hand around each girl. "Now girls, see what I get to have fun with." 

Rob leaned forward and took the head of the cock into his mouth. It slid easily past his lips. He reached out with his right hand and wrapped his fingers around the base. Rob squeezed Chris's cock causing it to swell further. He then moved his mouth down on the shaft all the way to his hand. He quickly started to bob on the cock, moving his hand up and down in time with his mouth. 

After a minute Chris groaned from this blowjob/masturbatoin combo. Rob placed both hands on Chris's thighs. He then deepthroated all 7". He buried his nose in pubic hair. Then his tongue flicked out and licked Chris's balls. He now began to move up and down the entire length of the that cock. His hands gripped hard to Chris. Chris was now fully fucking Rob's mouth. He said he was going to cum soon. 

I whispered to Miyu. "Watch Chris's face. See that look of total lust? Now look at Rob. Look how happy he is to receive your husband." Miyu smiled at me and turned back to watch the action. She looked to be getting interested in what was going on.

Chris groaned loudly and it was clear he was cumming. Rob kept his mouth firmly on his cock until Chris was spent. He swallowed every drop with glee. He then simply let the cock out of his mouth and stood up. He kissed Chris deep on the mouth, their tongues exploring each other for about 20 seconds.

Rob sat down on the other couch. "Now time for me to take pleasure in winning. I need to pick a girl to help Chris. I pick...Miyu." I heard a gasp from my right where Miyu sat. I felt her body tense against me. Chris looked at me with a knowing glance, he knew Rob and I set this up. He took his pants the rest of the way off and pulled off his polo. He then walked over to his wife and held out a hand to her. 

"Come on honey, it will be fun. Nobody is going to know except for us." Miyu put her hand in Chris's. He led her over so they were both standing in front of Rob. Chris slowly unzipped Miyu's dress, took it off of her, folded it and placed it on the floor. She now stood there wearing only pantyhose. I leaned over to Diane and whispered to her "Now the fun starts."

Rob looked up at Miyu. "I have always wanted to kiss you beautiful. Come here." Miyu sat down next to Rob on the couch. He grabbed her head and pulled her in for a long kiss. He let his other hand explore her breast. His fingers found a nipple and pinched gently. Meanwhile Chris spread Rob's legs and kneeled down in front of the couch. He started to unzip his trousers. Rob pulled away from Miyu. "Go ahead and help him honey. I can't wait to feel you." 

Miyu stood up and helped Chris remove the black trousers which they placed on the floor near Miyu's dress. His cock made a rock hard outline against his briefs. Miyu just stared while Chris pulled down the briefs. He motioned to her to join him. She kneeled to the side of Rob's leg. Chris kissed his wife on the mouth. While kissing her he took her left hand and guided it to Rob's member. Her tiny fingers wrapped around the shaft along with Chris's hand. They started to stroke Rob's cock up and down. Chris told her to suck it. 

Now, I knew from past conversations with Chris that Miyu had never sucked cock in her life. She parted her lips and took the head in her mouth. She didn't really do much other than leave her mouth there while their hands continued to stroke him. Chris then leaned forward and started to lick Rob's clean shaven balls. First one, then the other. Lick after lick, like he was working over a Tootsie Pop. 

It was obvious that Diane was starting to get turned on from watching her husband get a blow job directly in front of her. She turned towards me and we began to kiss. Our hands explored each other, touching breasts and feeling our bodies. She pushed me backward to a laying position so she was on top of me. She began to kiss my neck and let her hands slide towards my hips. 

I glanced over and saw Rob laid back, eyes closed. Chris and Miyu both still stroking him. Chris now had one ball in his mouth and Miyu had begun to move her mouth up and down on his cock. Diane was nibbling my ear. I grabbed her ass with both hands and pulled her body tight against my own. Our mouths met. I eagerly pushed my tongue past her lips. We began to french kiss and Diane was grinding against me. 

I heard moaning across the room but I was totally focused on the beautiful woman on top of me. She sat up and unzipped her dress. I helped her remove it quickly. Her naked breasts were right in front of me. Her nipples hard and erect. I began to suckle on her breast. She stopped me. "I want to watch. I want to see Rob cum." She sat back down on the couch. 

Not wanting to stop I quickly jumped down in front of her. "Scoot forward baby." I told her. She slid her ass forward. She was not wearing underwear. Her sweet pussy was right there in front of me. It was cleanly shaven. Her pink lips looked slightly swollen. I buried my face and let my mouth and tongue go to work on her. I went straight to her clit. She wiggled her ass and pushed against me. Her hands reached down and grabbed my head. "Oh god Jane, so fucking good."

Rob was now groaning behind me. I could just imagine what was going on. "I'm cumming, oh fuck I'm cumming." I heard him say. I stopped for a moment and tried to look over at what was going on. "Fuck that, keep going" Diane said to me while holding my head. "Miyu, come over here. I want to taste Rob in your mouth." Miyu came over and I felt her sit down on the couch. I looked up and could see the two of them kissing. Two raven haired sexual women deep in kissing while I was going down on one. Total heaven.

I continued eating out Diane until she came hard against my face. She squealed into Miyu's mouth while she held my head with one hand and pushed her pussy against my mouth and chin. I heard clapping from behind. Diane released my head and pushed away from Miyu. I turned to see Chris and Rob standing there just staring and clapping for the show.

Chris said "Well, now Miyu and Jane need to cum. What do you say Rob, should we take care of that?" He then directed myself and Miyu to the other couch so that Diane did not have to get up. Rob squatted in front of Miyu. Gently he pulled down her pantyhose and helped step out of them. Very carefully he placed them with her dress on the floor. Miyu was amazing. Tight little body. Full pubic bush. Red fingernails with matching toenails. Pierced belly button.

Rob helped Miyu sit down on the couch next to me. He then slid his hands under her ass and lifted her off the couch. "Put your legs on my shoulders." She did. Rob started to lick her slowly. She had a full bush of hair around her pussy. It was pure black. Mine had recently been shaved per request of my girlfriend. Chris went down on me with the expertise I had experienced many times before tonight. 

Rob and Chris looked like little twin pussy lickers. Miyu began to grind against Rob's face, moving her pussy up and down. She started to moan non-stop. Her motions and sounds increased my excitement. Chris was working me over with mouth, tongue and fingers. Miyu reached over and her hand grabbed my arm. Her fingers were like a vice on me. She began to nearly scream and then she came. I mean she CAME. Like a total body orgasm. Shuddering and shaking and screaming and toes curled. 

I was losing focus myself as Chris brought me to the edge. He knew how to get me right there and the slow down to allow me to ride the wave for a minute. When I finally came it was incredible. I felt drained. I just collapsed next to Miyu. I put my arm across her stomach. I kissed her arm. "Welcome to the fun baby." I said. She just smiled at me.

End of Chapter One