 It was a Saturday night and I'd taken my girlfriend Sue out for dinner. We'd been together for 3 years and decided it would be great to celebrate, get drunk and end a perfect evening making love like drunken teenagers. I was already aware of Sue's hopes for the evening as she wore a tight black dress with a bra that pushed her perfect little breasts out more than I've ever seen; my eyes barely left her cleavage over dinner. 

After our meal, Sue demanded that I take her to her favourite nightclub called Annabel's; where we could get drunk and horny before heading home to spend the early hours screwing into complete exhaustion. On arrival, we had shots of tequila and ordered a bottle of white wine and took a booth on the edge of the main dance floor.

Sue was pretty tipsy by now and as a thank you for dinner and all the drinks, had decided to mount me and subsequently kissed me hard with her soft, moist tongue exploring my mouth. Soon Sue dragged me onto the dance floor and we mingled into the crowd; grinding against each other and letting our hands explore. I grasped at Sue's breasts and kissed her neck before sliding each hand onto her bum and rubbing hips in rhythm to hers. I closed my eyes and enjoyed the sensation.

Suddenly I opened my eyes, Sue was leaning forward talking to another guy; they were both laughing and Sue looked to smile at me. The man then handed Sue a £20 note and she disappeared towards the bar. The man then introduced himself as Derek; he shook my hand firmly and leant over to talk. 

"Hope you don't mind me saying but she is so hot, your one lucky guy!"

I smiled and nodded in a confused manner.

"I hope I'm not intruding, but she was staring right at me while you were dancing then." He explained.

"What's with the £20 note then?"

"She told me to give her money for drinks while I introduce myself to you..."

Sue suddenly came back with another bottle of white wine and three glasses; smiling and walking with a real bounce in her step.

We moved to a quieter area of the club and sat drinking the wine. Derek sat opposite me and Sue, quietly drinking his wine and seemingly eyeing us up as a couple. I felt Sue's moist lips reach up to my ear. She whispered about how she had seen Derek watching us and how she had beckoned him over. I looked at Sue and she gave me a devilish smile similar to the one she had given me moments before we'd made drunk love in an alley way. At that moment I knew what Sue wanted most, and I was going to make damn sure that she got it.

I suddenly kissed Sue on the lips, pushing my tongue against hers whilst slipping a hand between her legs. Her skirt slipped up and revealed her dark red lacy panties to Derek sat opposite. 

"I think you two should get a room!" Derek heckled.

Sue pulled away from me and looked at Derek with a smile.

"Is that an invite?"

Derek stood up and smiled, "Let's get a taxi..."

I led Sue out of the club and turned back to ensure Derek was following. I guessed that if he wasn't then we could still go home and have amazing sex, but fortunately Derek jumped into the taxi and told the driver the address. 

On the journey, I continued to make out with Sue, using my hands all over her body and occasionally looking into Derek's eyes to make sure he was enjoying the show as he sat opposite us. I realised at this point that Derek was an older guy (30ish compared to me and Sue who are 23) and noticed how toned his upper body was. Sue's right leg was now stretched over, her foot place on Derek's groin and he was softly running his hand up and down her soft skin. The show was soon halted when we arrived at his house. I pulled Sue out and kissed her hard as Derek paid. As the taxi pulled away I felt him push his body against Sue's back placing his hands on her hips. Sue looked up behind her and smiled.

"Are you going to take us in then?

Derek pulled his keys out and swung them just in front of Sue's eyes. She reached out, grabbed them and proceeded to let herself into the house, instantly exploring each room looking at the expensive gadgets Derek had. I made my way to the bathroom and started to imagine what the next few hours had in store.

I wandered into the front room and sat next to Derek. Suddenly the lights dimmed and Sue walked into the room, she stopped in front of us and began to unbutton her tight dress. The dress suddenly hit the floor and she was stood there wearing her matching red lacy bra, panties and black high heeled shoes. Sue turned around slowly and began to bend over, her ass barely covered by her tiny panties. I felt my cock growing in my pants and knew it was the time to act. 

I grabbed Derek's left hand and slapped it onto Sue's ass, making him stroke the soft skin. I then stood up and walked around in front of her. Pushing gently on her shoulders, Sue fell back onto Derek's lap and he instantly wrapped his muscular arms around her, before pulling her face to his and finally kissing her. I stood watching as his tongue explored her willing mouth and his large hands stroked aimlessly at her near naked body.

Derek skilfully removed her tight bra and allowed her pert breasts to bounce free; I instantly grasped them and began to lick her puffy erect nipples in turn, using my teeth to bite them gently.

Derek now focussed his attention on getting my girlfriend completely naked so that the real fun could begin. He spread her legs slightly and swiftly pulled at her panties; Sue lifted her bum and placed each of her arms around his head as she suddenly felt the cool air hit her now bare pussy. I looked down just as Derek pushed a finger into her tight pussy before pulling it out, Sue let out a cute sigh before putting her lips to Derek's.

I lean into their embrace and pulled Sue's face to mine and kissed her hard, sliding my tongue over her lips. I felt a tug at my trousers as my belt, button and zip became undone before they fell to the floor, my boxers were then pulled off and suddenly my cock was in the cool air. I stood up slowly and looked down; Sue had my cock in her hand and she was now pushing it into her mouth whilst Derek licked and kissed at her neck and earlobe. Sue opened wide and swallowed the tip of my cock, twisting her tongue around it whilst running a hand over Derek's face and neck.

I looked down and saw Derek's right hand fingering Sue's pussy as his left hand held her breast. I was becoming extremely horny and longed to get Sue into positions she could never dream of, leading to climaxes she never knew existed. I grabbed Sue out of Derek's arms, turned her around and pushed my cock against her back and bum, grinding against her. Derek now undressed and stood in front of us with his big cock within reach; I prevented this by holding Sue's hands behind her back. I lifted Sue into Derek's arms and led them into the bedroom, where Derek laid her on the bed and we stood looking down at her sweet naked body. 

Sue lay on the bed, looking up at us; she rubbed at her clit and clenched at her breasts, slipping a finger into her now wet pussy. I stood next to Derek as we watched Sue tease push two fingers inside her pussy. She moved her eyes between us before sitting up and grabbing a hard cock in each hand, looking up at us with innocent eyes as her hands began to move up and down both shafts. Gently, she then licked at Derek's swollen end, pulling a few inches into her mouth before stopping for breath before doing the same to me. Derek squeezed his cock and precum oozed from the end as Sue licked around the end; as she pulled away, a string of saliva and precum stretch from her tongue to his cock, before it broke and fell onto Sue's chin. Derek looked down a laughed before pushing her back onto the bed.

Derek followed and lay next to her, kissing and stroking all over, before pulling her on top and allowing her to mount him. His cock rubbed against Sue's bare pussy as they made out; she rocked up and down on his toned body, massaging his cock against her clit and pubic bone. I finally moved in, pulled Sue's hips into the air and moved my mouth towards her pussy; I needed to make Sue wetter for him. Licking at her clit, and then into her pussy I felt Sue tense as I lick her from behind, pushing my nose into her bum and using my hands to raise her hips more to allow me greater entry. 

Suddenly, a hand pushed past my face and I watched as Sue pulled Derek's cock against her wet pussy lips. With one swift movement, Sue pushed her upper body up and the cock slipped into her bare pussy. The swollen end stretched her and I smiled as I knew this was only Sue's second cock. Sue pushed down and made the cock slide deeper and deeper, until it finally disappeared completely.

Derek's cock was very long but on comparison I realised that my cock was much thicker and would offer different sensations for Sue. I decided to tease her by pulling Derek's cock out of her pussy, which suddenly turned back to ecstasy when I pushed it back in. I pulled Sue's upper body into mine as I knelt behind her; grinding my cock into her back. She rode Derek as I kissed her lips and used a hand to rub at her swollen clit causing Sue to climax loudly as I held her in my arms. 

Derek soon told us to stand up, I soon found myself pinning Sue against Derek as we took turns kissing her. Sue held each of our cocks in her hands and soon demanded more. I instantly lifted Sue into my arms and let her slide onto my cock, Derek disappeared from my view and I continued to fuck Sue in my arms. Suddenly Derek reappeared and positioned himself behind Sue, who was now riding me hard with her head on my shoulder. Derek grasped one of Sue's breasts and pulled me out of her, before thrusting into her, slapping his hips into her ass and pushing her head into my shoulder. He then took Sue out of my arms and held her in front of me; his cock still deep in her pussy. Sue beckoned me forward as she wrapped her legs around me, rubbing my cock on her clit and savouring the last inch of Derek's cock before it slipped free; finally leaving me to make love with my own girlfriend. 

I pinned Sue's hands to Derek and began to thrust hard, grasping at her firm bum cheeks as she moaned in my ear. I then pulled Sue into my arms and carried her to the bed where I placed her onto all fours; I eased into her wet bare pussy and began to thrust into her. Sue looked over her shoulder at Derek to seductively call him over with her finger. He obeyed and climbed onto the bed, kissing with his tongue and stroking her soft face. Sue reached out and pulled his cock into her mouth, massaging his balls and sucking deep and fast. 

I pulled out and slipped under Sue, letting her mount me and ride my cock to orgasm; she began to ride me, using my pelvic bone to stimulate her clit whilst frantically sucking Derek's cock. I felt her tighten on my cock as I reached climax, reaching up to pull her down onto me harder; we both began to orgasm together and I came hard inside her tight pussy. As I looked up, Derek was also cumming over Sue's face and into her willing mouth before she finally collapsed onto me.