 It's been a couple of weeks now since we took Matt to school. It was a good parting weekend - we got to our hotel in Columbia a few hours before Lisa was due off work. Matt was going to sleep at Lisa's boyfriend's apartment that night; he would take his stuff with him when we met her for dinner. Meanwhile, he was stretched out on one of the beds in our room watching ESPN, when Laurie said she wanted to go to the Jacuzzi. We had used it the last time we were at that hotel - it was a good one. Matt said he didn't feel like it, so Laurie and I changed into our swimsuits (he barely glanced at her) and went to the pool.

Twenty minutes later, feeling very relaxed, we headed back to our room. Matt was still on the bed watching TV. The room was a typical set-up. The bathroom was really a counter-with-sink at the back of the bedroom with a door to the toilet and bath. Laurie walked straight into the back, closed the door and a minute later, I heard the shower. I stood by the counter and took off my wet suit, wrapped a towel around my waist, and sat down on the other bed, waiting to take a shower myself. 

Matt and I were chatting about sports when I heard the shower stop. A few minutes later, Laurie walked out, her skin all pink and flushed, covered only by one of the skimpy hotel bath towels. She had it wrapped around her, tucked in over her breasts. As she walked into the bedroom, the towel split from the bottom revealing her inner thighs. I guess Matt saw me looking at her and his eyes moved over as well. She leaned down to her suitcase, on the floor next to the bed Matt was on, and reached for something inside. When she stretched her arm, the towel opened and her breasts were exposed to both of us. Matt gasped as the cool air in the room hit her, causing her nipples to get hard and long. He couldn't stop himself as he leaned over to her, taking her breast in his hand, and sucked on her extended nipple.

I saw this and my towel started rising like a snake charmer was playing behind me. Laurie looked over at me, her eyes pleading. She said she hadn't planned this (they had a long, loving fuck the night before.) She asked me if I would make him hard and wet for her one last time. Matt repeated her request. I couldn't say no. I got him ready for his mother with my mouth and my hands - it was pure pleasure. I moved over to the other bed and then I watched them make love until Matt came inside her. 

I kept watching as he slowly pulled his long, thick cock out of her. A long string of cum stretched from the tip of his cock to her pussy lips, finally breaking as he rolled off of her. Laurie kissed her son, then came over to the bed I was on. She was still warm from the bath, and now flushed from being well fucked, her body seemed to be steaming. She lifted herself over me, her cunt poised above my mouth, her body facing away from me. She settled herself down, telling me to lick her clean, to make her cum. As I started to give her what she wanted, I heard her call Matt over. She had him sit in front of her and play with her breasts and tease and suck her nipples as I ate her out. 

Of course, that only made Matt hard again (ah, youth!) Laurie leaned forward and pushed Matt back so our hard cocks were next to each other. As I licked and sucked her faster and harder, she started to lick husband and son together, taking first one then the other in her mouth, making us slick with her saliva and our pre-cum. As she was rapidly approaching her climax, I slowed my tongue way down, taking almost all the pressure off of her swollen clit. It made her crazy; she started jerking us off so hard and so fast, as if that would make her cum. As I felt myself starting to go, I started tracing circles around her little nub with the tip of my tongue. She screamed her climax as Matt and I shot off in her hands.

We kissed and hugged and showered and went to dinner with Lisa and Joe. The rest of the time we spent there was nice and warm and nothing else happened before we came back home.

After we returned , Laurie was feeling okay, missing both Lisa and Matt but busy with her first week back at school. By the end of the second week, we had talked with Matt several times. He was doing great - making friends, enjoying most of his classes, working out at their unbelievable new student rec center. So when David called and suggested we all go out Saturday night, Laurie was more than anxious to see him again. And, I admit, I was, too.

Saturday was hot! Over ninety degrees on the golf course when I got through playing about 4:00pm. By the time I got home, Laurie was in the bath, relaxing with a glass of white wine. When she heard me come in, she called me up to the bathroom. I opened the door and she greeted me with a wrinkled nose and a puckered smile. She suggested, quite strongly, that I use the downstairs shower and then come back upstairs with a chilled glass of wine.

Ten minutes later, all fresh and clean, I brought a glass of chilled Chablis upstairs and returned to the bath. Laurie took it out of my hand, and then pulled my head down so she could kiss me. She told me she wanted me to shave her, so I got the razor and shaving gel and knelt by the side of the tub. She let some of the water out until it reached just to the middle of her thighs and then laid her head back on her bath pillow. I rubbed the gel over her pussy, working up a smooth lather. I carefully stroked the razor across her smooth skin, clearing her mound and then the sides of her lips. I felt all over her, making sure she was totally bald. I rinsed her off and started to rise. She put her hand on my arm. "You're not through, baby." Her voice got that hissing sound I hadn't heard for a while. It made me hard immediately.

Laurie rolled over so she was on her hands and knees. She spread her legs as far apart as the walls of the tub would allow. God, she looked slutty! She turned her head to me. "David called before," she said, "he, umh...said that tonight would be...special. He said he wanted me smooth and clean…everywhere." She had never asked me to do this before. She's not particularly hairy there anyway, but at her (and David's) bidding, I carefully shaved her back side, between her cheeks and up to the bottom of her plump cunt lips. Again, with my cock painfully hard and leaking pre-cum, I rinsed her off and felt all around her to make sure she was completely bare. I told her she was done and she stood up, closed the shower door and started the spray. She rinsed herself off and stepped out of the tub and into a bath towel I had ready to wrap around her. I left her in the bathroom and went into the bedroom to dress for the evening.

A few minutes later, I was dressed and rolling a few for the evening ahead. when Laurie came. Still wrapped in the towel, she crossed the bedroom, went into her dressing room/ walk-in closet and sat down in front of her make-up mirror. She told me that David said he wanted 'to thank me' for inviting him to play golf last month. I said that was strange... he'd hurt his elbow playing that day. I tried to recall that Sunday morning, trying to figure out what he might have been referring to. The only thing I could recall, outside of his injury, was back on the first tee before we even started.

David and I were waiting, along with the rest of my usual foursome, my friend Peter and my brother-in-law Rich. Off to the side the foursome who play in front of us every Sunday morning teed off. When they came over by us to get into their carts, one of the group walked over with a big grin on his face and gave David big friendly hug. An old college friend, they ran into each other once or twice a year. Used to be at high school games - Barry (this guy) had a son who played basketball with David's son on the high school team. Then, they would meet occasionally at parties and business functions in the city. Barry still lives in our town. 

After they were through greeting each other, David introduced me to him. It was funny, but I kind of had the feeling that I knew him from a long time ago. But I didn't really think about it at the time...it seems as though wherever I go with him in and around the city, we always run in to someone who knows my brother.

Anyway, I finished rolling (and smoking the first one I'd rolled) and walked into Laurie's dressing room. She was just finishing her make-up - she looked fabulous with a blue cast around her eyes and a deep red color covering her lips. I was leaning against the door as I watched her take a pair of sky blue, low-cut string-bikini panties and pull them up her smooth legs. They were cut low enough so that the top of her tattoo was visible. Then she took a dress off a hanger and slipped it over her head. 

Pale yellow with small, sky-blue abstract designs, a very sheer cotton 'classic' sundress covered her body. Thin straps over her shoulders held up a deep V-neck design, exposing the inside slope of her breasts. It was cut about 4 inches above her knee. It was sheer enough to see the blue of her panties match the artwork on the dress. I could see the outline of her nipples through the top. She looked stunning. She sat on the stool in front of her desk and slipped into a pair of espadrilles. Then to complete her outfit, she put a necklace around her throat that dangled a brilliant blue sapphire surrounded by tiny sparkling diamonds just at the top of her cleavage.

Laurie looked hot. As she stood in the doorway between her dressing room and the bedroom, I could see the outline of her body through the sheer cotton of her sundress. The pale yellow material just barely obscured the outline of her legs, but her blue string-bikini panties were almost on display. Even better, when she bent over a little, the dress gaped open and her dark pink nipples were exposed along with the inner half of her breasts.

She bent over to fix her shoe and her eyes caught mine as I stared at her, unable to take my eyes off of her exposed flesh. Laurie giggled as she nodded towards the tent forming in my pants. "Try not to leak too much, baby," she was laughing now, "those light colored pants show everything." She stood up and announced she was ready, very ready, to go meet David. "He said he didn't know what we might do for dinner, but he wants us to meet him at Pop's for a drink first."

That brought a quick stop to my breathing! Pop's?!? I knew that David must have had something planned - my brother and my wife at Pop's has always led to something exciting. I lit another skinny to try and slow my heartbeat. My voice cracked as I asked, "Did he say anything else, darlin'?"

Her eyes were bright and laughing as she told me that David said I might be in for a surprise...but he didn't say what it was. As I took another hit, I had to admire my older brother. He really is a master at this game we play. Laurie walked slowly towards me until she was close enough to lift her arms and put them around my neck. She smiled so sweetly and gently kissed my lips. When she leaned close, her dress seemed to open like a flower getting the first sunlight of the day. It was an enchanting sight! Her voice got a little strained when she asked, "Like my new dress, honey?" I moaned my approval. "Think your brother will like it on me, baby?" 

This time I could only groan, knowing what his reaction would be. And still she wouldn't stop. Her eyes were starting to become slits and her smile was just a little harder than it was a minute earlier. "You know what I like about Pop's, baby?" She dropped a hand down and with just a single fingernail, she traced the outline of my hard-on over my pants. "I like sitting on those tall bar stools, you know?" I shuddered as her light touch circled the ridge of my cock. "The bartenders there are so cute..." I had to take her hand away or I would be changing again before we left. She giggled again. "And, honey, they're so friendly when I chat with them across the bar." 

I looked down to see her creamy, full breasts and her thickening nipples. And when I realized I wouldn't be the only one treated to this delightful sight that night, I knew that I had to change into some darker pants before we left. I kissed Laurie and told her I would be right down. I finished the skinny as I put on an unblemished pair of navy pants and the rest of a new outfit and we were on our way.

Just a few minutes later, we walked into Pop's and spotted David at the far end of the bar, talking to the bartender. Laurie stepped ahead of me to greet her brother-in-law. I watched my brother's eyes light up as he studied her approach. She rolled her hips, just enough to make the dress move as she walked towards him. The lighting in the bar was perfect; her panties were just barely visible, as were her legs covered by the thin dress. 

She walked right up to him, put her arms around his neck and tilted her face up to his to receive his kiss. As he looked down, and saw the garden of delight on display, he broke into a huge grin. He put his arms around my wife and drew her in to a deep open-mouth kiss. After stopping and staring at them like a frozen statue for a few seconds (it seemed like forever) I caught up with them at the bar. I started to say hello to my brother, but he was busy hugging and kissing Laurie.

I couldn't tell for sure, but on the side away from me, I thought I saw his hand lift her breast slightly out of her dress for just a moment. Then with his arm around her shoulders, causing her little yellow sundress to gape wide open, he turned her towards the bar. In a normal, conversational tone, he spoke to the bartender who had witnessed their passionate kiss (and, I thought, my wife's bare breast) from only a few feet away. "Tommy, say hi to my sister-in-law, Laurie." He shrugged his shoulders in my direction. "That's my brother, Steve." 

Tommy, a thirty-something blond gym-rat, barely nodded in my direction as his eyes devoured Laurie's exposed flesh. Tommy took her hand and brought it to his lips, touching her gently. His eyes never moved from her tits as he said, "Hi, Laurie. It is a true pleasure to meet you." His patience was rewarded as her nipples started to grow under his gaze. "Dave," he said, still not taking his eyes off of her, "you have great taste in relatives. What can I get you to drink, beautiful sister-in-law?" He finally looked up to take her order. She ordered a kir royal, which brought a smile to his lips. Laurie was right – they do have cute bartenders at Pop's. "You have great taste, too, Laurie." He let go of her hand and started to walk away to make her drink. Almost as an afterthought, he asked me if I'd like anything. Very nice of him.

He returned a few minutes later with our drinks. Mine was set down on a coaster right in front of me. He put Laurie's drink on a coaster, but kept it close to his side of the bar, moving it very slowly with his fingertips. My sexy wife gave him a very seductive smile, and then leaned across towards David. She pulled my brother up to a passionate kiss. The way she was turned exposed her full, naked breast to the blond bartender. She broke the kiss, leaving her left arm around David's shoulder. With her right, she reached across the bar for her drink. Her breasts were falling out the front of her dress; her nipples were dark and thick, clearly visible to the three of us in the shadowy light of the bar. Tommy, the bartender, gasped as she bent forward over the polished wood. Never taking his eyes off of her, he groaned to David. "Jesus, Dave, you weren't kidding, were you? Fuck, man, she's so hot!"

I leaned across the bar and caught my brother's eye. "Kidding about what, bro? What did you say to young Tommy before?"

The buff, blue-eyed blond smiled at me as he took Laurie's hand and drew her closer, making her lean over the bar. Then he tilted her chin up and kissed her. Encountering no resistance at all, he opened her lips with his tongue. And when she started to kiss him back, his fingers found her hard nipple. She moaned; that drew one of the waitresses over to us at the end of bar. She cautioned Tommy to keep control before something crazy happened. David asked her what 'something crazy' meant. In a flash, the girl kissed David and then turned around and kissed my wife! She cautioned us all again to be quiet and went back to the tables.

At that point, Tommy turned back to me. As he calmly and deliberately put my wife's tits back into the top of her dress, he said "David told me that a MILF would be walking in tonight. And if she wasn't 'occupied' by the end of the evening, he said I could fuck her if I wanted to." Laurie gasped as he spoke to me, but I noticed she didn't exactly try to pull away from him. He grinned at me. "And if not tonight, then he told me you would bring her back here…to fuck me…all I had to do was call."

My heart was pounding in my chest and it was getting harder to draw a deep breath. This was really hot – Laurie obviously happy to be back under David's influence and quite hot for this attractive young man. But still, I thought that this probably wasn't the surprise he had planned. I started drifting a little, still rocked from the last joint and reeling from what I'd just seen and heard. Then I heard my brother call out across the room. "Barry," he called out, "glad you could make it." I turned towards the bar as he walked past. I finished my drink and was turning around as I heard David introduce his 'beautiful sister-in-law' to his friend. He turned Laurie on her barstool so she was facing his friend. I completed my turn and found myself looking at the same Barry who golf's ahead of us every Sunday morning. He didn't notice me at first – he was way too occupied with my wife's charms…once again on display for a stranger.

My heart was pounding as I realized what my brother's surprise was. If he was up to his usual tricks, I think I knew what the dinner plans would wind up becoming. By the time I got off the stool and walked around to say hello to 'our new friend' he had one hand on Laurie's shoulder and a drink in his other. He was quite nice, I must admit. He turned to me, recognition in his eyes, and smiled. "Man, why don't you ever bring this beautiful lady out to the course?" There was something about his voice…he seemed too sure of himself to be so close, flirting so hard with someone he'd just met. Although my wife was looking at him with smoldering eyes and a flicking tongue, I saw no signs of recognition in her face. Barry leaned into my wife and kissed her on her moist, waiting lips. I watched his tongue play in her mouth and I was glad I had changed to dark slacks. 

He stood back up, his hand still on her shoulder. I looked across to see David and the bartender standing, open-mouthed, staring at David's friend kissing my wife. Laurie was looking up at him with nothing but desire written across her face. With one finger curled under the strap across her shoulder, he pulled it…so slowly…down her arm. As he revealed the top of her firm breast, he pulled the strap lower until the pale, yellow cotton snagged on her protruding nipple. We all stared at my wife's exposed flesh. All of us waiting, wanting him to go further. As he pulled just a tiny bit more, the cotton pulled free of the thick, dark flesh as it popped into the light. Barry looked over at me again, still smiling. "Of course, I don't think she'd help anybody's handicap, do you?" And as David and the bartender laughed, he slipped the thin strap back up across Laurie's shoulder. Then, knowing we were all still watching, he put his hand on Laurie's breast and fitted her dress back over her nipple with his fingers.

The bartender had brought another round and we chatted about golf and David's elbow as we drank. David then asked what we would like to do for dinner. Before either Laurie or I said anything, Barry said there was a great college football game coming on TV – maybe we could watch it someplace and get a few pizzas or something. David looked at me, raising an eyebrow. I suggested we all adjourn to our place for the evening. David then told the bartender I would take care of the tab. 
