 After we kissed, it was time to clean up. Isabella and I headed to the shower, her before me, her beautiful naked hips swaying as she walked. Had you not read about Isabella before, you probably have no idea what I was seeing. Isabella at 34 years old is an immaculate specimen. She was a woman, whom I met years ago and immediately was attracted to. As I got to know her, I easily fell in love. I fell in love with her, her wonderful smile, her amazing mind, and her beautiful body. Isabella is taller than average at 5'8 and weighs about 140lbs. She has wonderfully muscular legs which have the lines of an athletic runner. Her belly is flat, her waist thin and her hips womanly, creating a perfect hourglass figure. Then... Oh my, her breasts. Isabella's breasts were such a wonderfully sized 34d. They were the perfect handful and shape and topped by perfect dark red nipples, which happened to be very sensitive. Her skin was light, but even. It wasn't too light, nor was it too dark, but naturally, it was an amazing canvas. Isabella's shoulder fit her perfect chest and above her long neck, sat a wonderful face. Her face could only be described as radiant. A perfect smile, full lips and her eyes... Isabella's eyes were blue, but when you looked in them, the design of her eyes could have been the most wonderful blue stars. When we were intimate together, her eyes would narrow and the color would change to an unreal teal, which always drew me in closer. I could not have asked for a more perfect woman. 

I followed that perfect woman into the shower and the water was nice and steamy when we finally stepped in. I stood back and watched as she washed her hair. I was in complete awe. I watched as the suds flowed down her spotless skin. My erection, still not satisfied, throbbed with lust. Eventually, I moved to wash her back and could not help as my cock rubbed against her ass, driving me crazy. Isabella enjoyed it, flashing her smile and wiggling her round cheeks against me. 

She finished soaping off and I had already begun when she turned me around and began soaping me. After she coated me in suds, she began to massage my back. She started kneading my shoulders and moved slowly down my spine, lightly pinching and pressing my skin. She eventually moved to my buttocks and with both hands massaged them. It was heavenly and turned me on even further. 

She stopped after several minutes and shut off the shower. We dried and as we were getting prepared to dress, she told me I wasn't allowed to wear underwear for the rest of the evening, that she wanted to make sure I felt every movement and that my balls were filled completely for later. I laughed and went along with it, still not certain what was going to happen. I finished dressing and as I was leaving the room, I heard Isabella shut the door to the bathroom. Not unusual for her to dress in private, but, after a few moments I heard her quietly talking on the phone. My curiosity was killing me. 

Later, I made supper, and while I did, the free balling was causing me to become so turned on, I literally hurt. From time to time, Isabella walked by, grabbing my ass, running her fingers along my chest, or fondling my package. She was truly driving me insane.

There was a knock at the door as we were putting our dishes away. Isabella suggested I answer it, but I pointed to my pants, which were obviously sporting a terrible hardness. She just giggled and then commanded me to open the door. I tried to will myself soft, but, of course, that didn't happen. I opened the door and there stood Gillian, Isabella's best friend. She was wearing a black blouse and white Capri pants. She asked if she could come in with a smile, and I'm pretty certain she looked down and saw my erection. 

Gillian came in and immediately she and Isabella hugged and shared smiles. She went to the fridge and pulled out a couple beers. Isabella and Gillian went out on the back deck and sat for a few hours, drinking and laughing. As it grew dark, and cool, they came in. Both were obviously feeling good, but not quite drunk. 

Isabella grabbed me and planted a deep, passionate kiss on me, then grabbed my collar and pulled me down the hall to the bedroom. "Gillian will be leaving in the next few minutes, so, please holler at her that you will see her later, but for now, you need to get undressed and climb into bed, as I will be in to ravage your body momentarily". She turned, smiled, and closed the door as I yelled good bye to Gillian in the next room.

I took my time, knowing their goodbyes usually took a few minutes, and I pulled the blankets off the bed. I checked my phone and I waited, naked upon the bed. 

The door opened and Isabella came in. She turned on a side lamp and shut off the main lights in the room. She walked into the closet and brought out a bag. She came over to the bed, and she smiled. "Don't move" she warned me. She reached under the mattress and pulled out a wrist strap, which she placed around my hand. "The code word is Red" she explained as she went down and pulled another strap out, placing it around my right foot. She continued around the bed until I was completely strapped down, spread eagle. I was a bit scared, as I had done this to her, but I had never had the same treatment. But, I trusted her...

Isabella then smiled and walked out of the room, carrying the sack. She smiled, blew a kiss and said she would be back in just a few minutes. I lay there, thinking. I was trying to listen, but heard nothing. I started to get frightened she had left, but then heard her walking down the hallway again, but this time, I could hear the sound of High heels on the wood floor. 

The door opened slowly and Isabella stepped into the light. She was wearing a black corset, piped with red. It looked immaculate against her skin. I followed her body down and saw she was also wearing black G-string and black stockings, a personal favorite of mine. 

She moved forward, coming to the bed. She walked around the bed, checking each and every strap, insuring I was secure. She climbed onto the bed, and she smiled as she began caressing my skin with her fingernails. She went from my left hand, and slowly dragged them down my arm to my chest. She lightly raked my nipples, the sensitivity killing me. She continued down, along my ribs, now with both hands, tickling me and heightening my senses. My hips rose off the bed as she moved her claws closer to my manhood, which was raging with hardness. She moved her fingers near, but never touched my erection, driving me even madder with lust. She continued down, moving along my legs. As she did, I felt my cock throb and saw a decent amount of pre-cum flow from the tip. 

Isabella brought both hands up, kneading and scraping my thighs as she lowered her head toward my cock. Her eyes met mine and she smiled just before her tongue snaked out and lightly dipped into my leaking penis. She lapped at the viscous fluid, but as I pushed my hips up to meet her she quickly pulled away, a string of pre-cum connecting her lip to my cock. She smiled and shook her head no as she took a deliberate lick of her lips. 

She then moved off the bed and went to the corner of the room where her wingback reading chair was placed. She pulled it up next to the bed, at the so called 50 yard line. She sat on it, for just a moment, smiling and staring at me. 

Isabella moved back onto the bed, crawling like a cat. She put her finger on my lips as I opened them to say something. She moved forward, placing her legs on each side of my head, giving me a most excellent view of her black silken panties. I breathed in and could smell her wonderful arousal. She dipped her hips into me, bumping the soft cloth against my nose. I moved my head to get deeper and as I did, she followed my movement away. It was torture. As I gave up, I dropped my head to the pillow and she dropped her hips, letting her panties rub against my face from nose to chin. 

As she let her body rub against my face, I heard her moan in lust. Then suddenly, and to my surprise, I heard another moan, near the door. I jumped and tried to pull against my restraints. But as I did, Isabella used her hips to press me down to the pillow. This time it wasn't a moan, but a giggle. When she let me up, I tried to look past her, but her body shielded me from seeing the door. I opened my mouth to speak and she placed her pussy right over my mouth, quieting me once more. I had never felt so exposed, so nervous and at the same time, sexually crazed.

While she ground her covered pussy against my face, I felt the distinct touch of another's hand running up my left leg. I head the seat cushion of the wingback chair beside the bed compress as someone sat. I realized just how naked I was at that moment. I also forgot about the wonderful barely covered pussy in my face.

Isabella raised her hips and scooted back. I looked over my right arm and saw who was in the chair. It was Gillian. She was wearing a light satin teddy and a pair of match panties in the same white material. Isabella laughed at the surprised expression on her face and explained she had invited Gillian to watch. She looked over at Gillian and added that it might just be okay to join in later if she wanted. Isabella winked and Gillian winked back. 

Isabella pulled my face back toward her and told me to pay attention. She moved down my body until our lips met. We kissed a most wonderful and erotic kiss. She took the time to pull in my lips and bite them. I played with her tongue and as I sucked on it, I felt her pussy back against my cock. She teased it by moving against it and bouncing almost imperceptibly. 

She moved down across my body, starting by licking and sucking my neck, sending chills down my body. She moved along my chest, taking my nipples in her mouth and nibbling lightly, something I've never liked, but at that moment, it sent electricity to my cock, causing it to jump against her belly. She slid even further down, tickling my hips with her lips before finally coming to rest at my heavily leaking cock. She licked it immediately and then smiled at me; just before taking me deep into her warm, wet mouth. 

I looked over at Gillian who was rubbing herself over the top of her panties, a dark wet spot showing at the crotch. She was watching Isabella and she obviously was quite aroused watching her best friend. Her nipples poked at the thin fabric and she appeared as though she wouldn't mind joining in.

My attention was immediately back on Isabella as she licked my shaft from head to base, then took each of my swollen, very swollen balls in her mouth, a feat I was quite impressed with. As she rolled them around, I felt one of her fingers trace my bifurcated seam down, from the base of my scrotum to where it disappeared near my asshole. Lightly, ever so lightly, she made circles with her finger and pressed against my asshole. I'd never felt so turned on in my life.

Isabella looked into my eyes as her head went down, following where her finger laid. I felt her lick and I raised my hips to feel even more. As she licked around my ass, her hand began stroking my explosively hard member. I rolled my head side to side in ecstasy and as it went to the right, I saw Gillian's fingers had pulled her panties aside. She had her middle finger deep between her thin pussy lips and was rocking her hips against her hand. 

I felt my balls began to tighten and I warned Isabella I was going to cum. She suddenly grabbed at the base of my cock and bent it downward causing a momentary pain and causing me to lose that orgasmic feeling. I was panting and writhing in the bed. Isabella explained, it wasn't quite time. 

My cock still hard, she moved off the bed and walked over to Gillian. She reached for Gillian's free hand and led her to the bed. She told Gillian to climb onto my face then as her legs spread she ordered me to "Eat that pussy good"! I did as I was told. I reached up with my tongue, I opened her very wet lips, and I placed my tongue inside. As she let her weight settle a bit, I felt Isabella's familiar, tight and most wonderful pussy envelope my cock. 

Both were facing the headboard and I was somewhat amazed at Isabella. Usually, In our sex life, I have to slow her down when she rides, but this time, she was moving so slow on me. I could not believe how wonderful it felt as her lips moved in and out, trapping on my foreskin, causing such sensitivity. I was in heaven. I felt her reach back and stroke the base of my cock with one hand while she seemed to take several seconds to move me in and out of her. Her pussy was so wet, I could feel her juices running along my balls, the cool air causing even more electricity to pool in my blood.

Gillian rode my face and within just a few minutes screamed that she was cumming. It was an entirely different sound than when Isabella did, more of a grunting than a screaming, but, hot nonetheless. As she came, I felt Isabella's hand move off of me and I could tell her hands were on Gillian's hips, forcing her pussy even more against my mouth. Unlike Isabella, who usually moves away when she cums, Gillian continued moving against me. 

I wasn't sure at this point how I didn't cum, but I certainly didn't want to, as this moment needed to last. I felt Isabella's pussy begin to quiver around my cock and at the moment I thought she might cum, I heard her breath catch and she suddenly hopped off me. I was going crazy with abandonment, although my tongue remained busy. 

I could hear Isabella walk away from the bed, although it was difficult, considering the noises coming from her best friend. A few moments later, I felt Isabella's weight against the bed and felt my left hand being released from the strap. I brought my arm down and it hurt yet felt amazing to feel the blood return to my arm. I continued lapping at Gillian as I felt my left arm being released. 

It wasn't a moment later when I heard Gillian gasp in surprise and Isabella tell her to turn around and start sucking my cock. I scooted down a few inches as Gillian swung her legs over and turned into a 69 position. My leg was suddenly pulled and Isabella informed me I needed to scoot down even further. I of course complied and Gillian followed, suddenly pulling my cock into her mouth. She wasn't nearly as good as Isabella, but, where my girlfriend used more tongue, Gillian used more suction. I wasn't even certain my head could be any more sensitive and swollen. 

Isabella climbed onto the bed and I looked over and around Gillian's right leg to see my Isabella wearing a strap on with a big purple cock looking dildo attached! I instinctively moved my head away as Isabella came closer but she just smiled, grabbed my head and moved me back beneath Gillian's pussy. Isabella straddled my head and lined her woman cock up with Gillian. I stopped and just stared as my girlfriend began rubbing the head against Gillian's soaked pussy. It was a few moments later and Gillian bit down on my own cock as Isabella rammed hers forward, splitting Gillian. I watched in total awe as she pistoned in and out. I noticed Isabella's legs were spread just a bit so I reached up and entered her with two fingers. She was so wet. And she felt amazing.

Isabella continued to pummel Gillian's pussy while I fingered Isabella. Soon, Gillian began to pant quicker and I could tell she was close to orgasm. I began pulling on Isabella's g-spot and could feel her pussy quivering. I heard my girlfriend begin to orgasm as well. 

Both suddenly began to spasm above me, Isabella driving her dildo hard against Gillian's vagina as Gillian's mouth pulled off my cock and both screamed in unison. I watched as Gillian's pussy tightened and loosened and felt Isabella's pussy do the same, almost in the same rhythm. 

I couldn't hold back any more, and reached down and grabbed my own cock, swollen thicker than I'd ever felt it before. With the two naked beautiful women above me, it only took a few strokes before I felt my own balls tighten. I screamed that I was going to cum and before I knew it, Isabella pushed Gillian off me and jumped forward. My cock began to convulse and Isabella grabbed it and drove it deep inside her as she faced away from me. I could see her beautiful ass as I came, deep, hard, each convulsion filling her with a stream of my sperm. The amazing feeling of cumming into my girlfriend, filling her pussy was something I could never get over. As my body spasmed, I saw Gillian sitting beside us watching with a smile on her face. 

When my cock stopped pumping, Isabella laid back and turned, kissing me. I have never been happier than when she kissed me in post coital bliss, each time warming my heart and causing my senses to catch fire. Isabella laid on me for a moment or two, but as she started to move as though she was going to get off, Gillian told her to stay. Gillian went between her legs and I felt her hand on my cock. She slowly pulled it out of my girlfriend and cleaned me completely. I then felt Isabella lay back and heard her moan as Gillian moved to Isabella's pussy, where she cleaned it too. I moved my hands up to Isabella's breasts as she writhed above me, all her weight on my body causing me to feel just how many muscles were involved in her passion. It wasn't long and between my nipple play and Gillian's experienced tongue, Isabella lost control and began cumming for the third time that night. 

Isabella yelled, screamed, and scratched my arms as she came. My own cock was still hard and bumped against her ass as Gillian had a hold on my girlfriend's vagina. 

Isabella collapsed, rolling off me and Gillian collapsed next to me. We were all exhausted. Exhausted, but satisfied. Soon, I pulled Isabella up to me and she rolled away from me, but pulled me to cuddle against her. Gillian crawled up the bed and cuddled in behind me. We all had smiles as we entered the world of dreams...