 As I typed away at my cubicle, I felt the stiffness in my neck from a hard days work. Every few minutes I found myself looking across the way at the greatest pair of legs I had ever seen. This woman I work with, Abby, was so incredibly sexy, I found it terribly difficult to take my eyes off of her and concentrate on my work. Today was going to be the day that I approached her. My heart raced with anxiety at the thought of her reaction. Would she think I was insane? Would she shrug me off in a snobbish sort of way? Would she accept my offer? Today would be the day. Sink or swim. I was going to do it. I was going to approach the woman I had been fantasizing about for weeks.

 My name is Cliff, and I work as a reporter for a local newspaper in a small town called Clayborn. I'm 25, and on account of my work, I don't get to date much. I've read the reviews and heard the stories about dating coworkers, but if you knew Abby, you'd understand my predicament. I consider myself to be an attractive kind of guy. I'm not very tall, but I've always been told that I've got a good body. The part of me I'm most proud of, though, is my cock. Sure, that's what most guys say, but I've got no reason to embellish the truth. The average man is five and a half inches, and I've got three more than that. The thing that gets most women I've been with though is the thickness. I'm a very proud five and a quarter inches in circumference, which is bigger than a lot of girls wrists. Now, enough about me.

 Let me tell you about Abby. My God, this woman is amazing. A typical dream girl for most guys, she's got it all. Long blonde hair, tan skin, very large breasts, 38 D at least, legs that seem to go on for days, and a tight ass that you probably crack a coconut on. She always wears these tight skirts and low cut tops that show off her tan cleavage. Every guy in the office watches openmouthed as she walks by. I know she enjoys teasing us, because when she catches us looking, she flaunts herself even more.

 Okay, I've gotten to the point where she has given me too many erections. I have to say something to her, or I'll end up driving myself insane. I finally got my chance at lunch. I was walking to the elevator when I noticed her heading the same way. I sped up so we could catch the same one downstairs. She pushed the button for the lobby and stood by quietly. My pulse quickened as I thought of what to say.

 "You're Abby, right?" was all I could come up with.

 "Yeah, and you're um, Cliff. I've seen you around," she said, and looked me once over. She seemed to like my suit, and I did notice her eyes roll over the erection I was getting from looking at her breasts.

 "Look, I've been trying to get the nerve up to ask you this for a while," I muttered. She looked at me quizzically like she didn't really care. "Would you like to have lunch with me today?"

 I almost died after what happened next. Abby turned to me, reached out, stroked my cock through my pants, and leaned up and whispered in my ear, "Look I know you want to fuck me, so why don't you get some balls and just come out with it?" Then she turned away and waited for my response. I took the hint, pushed her against the wall and said, "All right you sexy little slut, I wanna fuck you real bad, and I wanna do it tonight."

 "It's about time," she said, with a lustful look in her eye. "I've seen you eyeballing me every day the last week. You got it stud, here's my address. Be there at 9 or lose your chance at the best thing you'll ever get." She handed me a business card as the elevator came to a halt and the door opened. She gave me a last look and walked out.

 This is it! I did it, and I finally get my chance with her. I ate lunch as fast as I could and ran back to the office. When I got back to my cubicle I waited to see her walk up, but she never came back in to work. I clocked out and went home, curious and anxious. It was only 6 o' clock so I showered, and sat down to a movie. I got out the business card she gave me, and read the address. 1769 Lovell Avenue. Holy shit! She only lived a block from my apartment. It was only 7:30, but I figured I'd take my chances. I walked down the road and my heart was beating out of my chest. I got to her place and was about to knock on the door when I heard a scream, and then another.

 I walked over to the window and tried to peek through the blinds and almost came in my pants right there. Abby had on a strap-on dildo and was plowing it into another chick that was as hot as she was. Oh my God, I had hit the jack pot. The two hotties were giving it to each other and had no idea that I was watching. This went on four about half an hour until the girls body went near limp, then Abby leaned over and kissed her, helped her up and motioned for her to leave the room. Abby put the dildo away and got dressed. It was now twenty after eight and I had a raging hard on. I couldn't wait any longer.

 I knocked on the door and when it opened Abby's eyes lit up. "Cliff, you're early," she panted, obviously still trying to catch her breath. "Is this a bad time, Abby?" I asked eagerly. "No, no, not at all, come in," she ushered me through the door. "I guess you couldn't wait to have a piece of this, huh Cliff?" she asked teasingly. 

 Abby started stripping in front of me and my cock got fully hard, and she noticed. She tweaked her nipples, now only in her panties, and walked over to me. "Now then, let's see what you've got here," she said, unbuttoning my pants. As she reached in her eyes lit up. I could tell she liked the size of my cock. "Mmmm, when I touched you in the elevator I could tell you were big," she pulled it out continuing, "but DAMN, Cliff, you've got a nice, thick dick."

 She started stroking it up and down, and not another word was said. Abby closed her lips around my cock and started sucking it into her mouth. She toyed with it, licking it up and down, making it wet all over, just enough to swallow the whole of it down her throat, and I moaned when she did. With one hand she held the base and played with my balls in the other while her mouth slid up and down the full length of my member. I groaned again and she started sucking faster, rubbing her hand up and down it at the same time. She felt my balls tighten and knew I was going to cum soon so she sucked harder on it and bobbed faster up and down. I groaned as she swallowed it deep and let spurt after spurt shoot down her throat.

 Before she took me from her mouth, the other girl came down the stairs in a towel. "Mmmm, Abby, you didn't tell me you were having dinner delivered." Abby milked the last of my cum from my cock and finally let it slide from her mouth. Then she stood up and licked her lips. "Carrie, this is Cliff, from my office," she gulped licked her lips again. "I invited him over to fuck me tonight," Abby turned to the other girl and kissed her, their tongues wrapping around each other. "Doesn't his cum taste great?" she asked. 

 When they broke their kiss both of them got naked and kneeled in front of me between my legs. They started taking turns sucking my cock back to erection, slapping each other with it, giggling all the while. I could tell Carrie liked its thickness as well, because of the way she tried to throat over and over unsuccessfully, and yet moaned in pleasure when she almost gagged.

 Now that my member was at attention again, Abby stood up and turned her ass toward me, squatted down and positioned her wet pussy over the head of my dick, pushing it inside her slowly. Once inside, she dropped down to my balls and groaned from deep in her stomach. Carrie couldn't stand just watching, so she crawled up, stood on the couch and pushed her pussy into my face, which I lapped at obligingly. Soon she was moaning and cooing and her pussy was sopping wet.

 Abby on the other hand had had several orgasms while riding my cock like an expert, and I was in hog heaven. I heard Abby scream in orgasm and felt her body shake, and I knew she couldn't take any more. She stopped with my cock buried inside her and tried to catch her breath. Then she stood up and juices poured from her pussy down my cock and over my balls. Carrie immediately took her spot, only facing me instead. Abby left the room, but I didn't care, Carrie was bouncing hard and fast on my balls and I was loving it.

 I soon figured out why Abby had left when she came back wearing her strap-on and stopped Carrie mid-thrust. She positioned herself behind Carried, stroked the rubber dick to make sure she had enough lube, then poked it at her little asshole. Carrie screamed in pleasure as she pressed her tits into my face while Abby slid deep into her ass. I could also feel the rubber cock through the skin of Carrie's pussy, and once Abby was fully inside her, I started thrusting my hips again.

 Carrie was going mad with orgasms, screaming and moaning, swearing about the size of the two cocks filling her up, scratching at my chest and biting my lip in her lustful kisses. I couldn't handle much more of this three-way fucking. I squeezed her tits and rolled her nipples and knew I was going to cum again when I felt her pussy clench around my dick in what had to have been her best orgasm of the night. I told the girls I was going to cum and she slid off my cock and the kneeled in front of me again.

 I started stroking my slick cock as fast as I could as the two gorgeous babes waited with their tongues hanging out to taste my cum. I couldn't handle it any more. I grunted and started blasting cum everywhere. Some shot on Abby's cheek the in Carrie's hair, on Abby's tits then on Carrie's tongue and the two were fighting over who would get the last. Finally Abby took my cock into her mouth and sucked out the last of my load. When my member finally stopped jerking I slipped back onto the couch and watched as the girls French kissed again, swapping my cum back and forth in their mouths.

 The three of us have gotten together on numerous occasions since then, and I don't know about the rest of the world, but I will try coworker relations any time as a result of a little hottie named Abby.