 It all started one night while my wife and I were lying in bed after some fantastic lovemaking. The conversation had come up about her up-coming birthday and I probed to find out what she wanted. Heather, my wife, wasn’t one to speak about her fantasies out loud to me so I started to play “Fishing Expedition” on her. I mentioned jewelry but got no response. I brought up the idea about a new wardrobe for her and she kinda made a funny face. I went on and on and was striking out. I had my hand resting on her pussy mound with my fingers lightly caressing her clit when I figured I would take the plunge and ask her something about lovemaking for her birthday.

“Baby, what if I got a hold of another man to make love to you for your birthday? How would you like that?” I asked with hesitation in my voice.

“Stan, only if he’s a young stud, not like you old man!” she coolie replied with a laugh.

“I’m serious Heather. Would you let another man make love to you while I watched?” I asked while I continued to rub her clit.

“You know that I couldn’t do anything like that Stan.” She replied. “Besides, who would have this old body?”

“Hey, you’ve got a great body for someone turning the big forty, and I know all kinds of guys that would like to bed down with you for a night.” I spoke up.

“Oh yea, I bet you do.” She said.

“So, what do you say baby? Do you want me to get you a young stud or what?” I asked.

Heather’s body seemed to be catching on fire as I stroked her clit and her hips moved ever so slightly under my hand. 

“Oh baby, you know we’ve had this conversation before and my answer still hasn’t changed any.” Heather spoke up sternly.

“Shit, I blew this idea.” I thought.

I continued to stroke her clit with new vigor and her body responded accordingly. I let one finger slip down between her bulging pussy lips and could feel the mixture of cum and pussy juices from our earlier lovemaking. I ran my finger up and down her slit then back up to her throbbing clit. Heather wiggled her butt as she started to get turned on once again.

“Heather you know I wouldn’t do anything or let anything happen to you that you wouldn’t want. Hell, who knows, you might even enjoy some extra activity! I know I sure would like to see someone else run their hands all over your body and slowly slip their tongue down to your clit!” I said.

“Why do you want someone else making love to me, Stan? Isn’t our sex life good enough for you?” Heather asked.

“Honey, I just want you to be pleased. I want you to experience something new and exciting that’s all. Oh yea, I do love our lovemaking. I just think we could spice it up.” I said.

I could tell by Heather’s body that all this talking about someone else taking her was really getting her excited. Her legs had slipped open giving me full access to her open pussy. I squeezed her pussy lips and started to nuzzle on the nap of her neck. I slowly licked my way down to her small breasts and sucked on each nipple one at a time. Soft moans were coming out of her mouth. 

“Baby, just close your eyes and let me take care of you. Just imagine how it would be to have two guys making love to you at once.” I said. “I could be cuddled up behind you stroking my hard cock between your ass cheeks and someone else could be in front gently massaging your breasts and lightly rubbing on your clit.”

“Oh, Stan make love to me. Forget that nonsense.” Heather moaned out.

I gently turned Heather onto her side and started to rub my cock between her ass cheeks. Man she was getting hot. The pre-cum oozing from my cock head made her crack good and wet allowing me to slip between her cheeks with ease. 

“Heather I would reach down and lift one of your legs making way for my cock to enter you from behind like you like it.” I said as I lifted her leg. 

I used my free hand and positioned my cock at her pussy opening. I could feel the heat building up between her wet lips. I pushed just the head in and rested and then I pushed myself in all the way. Heather pushed her ass back into my thrust. I took a gently bite on her neck as I withdrew my cock all the way out except the head. She moaned out a little louder now. Her hips pushed back towards me, almost begging me to fuck her.

“When the young man in front of you placed his mouth on your pussy mound you would push yourself up to meet his lapping tongue. He would use his tongue on your clit and every now and then he would wander down towards your wet pussy lips. His tongue would barely brush the length of my cock as I pushed in and out of you.” I told her.

“Ohhhhhhh, Stan, stick your cock in me! I want to cummmmmm! I want you inside of me now.” Heather moaned as she pushed harder back into me.

I picked up my tempo and started to slam away at her pussy. I still had her one leg spread up towards the ceiling. I glanced down and saw Heather reach her hand towards her clit mound. It was a beautiful sight to watch as my cock penetrated in and out of her pussy and Heathers hand now worked faster and faster on her cit. Her pussy lips looked like they were glued to the sides of my cock, they just clung tight as I stroked in and out of her. 

“Heather, this young man would tongue your clit and pussy until you climaxed all over his face!” I chimed in. “Your hands would be on the back of his head forcing his mouth on to you as I slammed you from behind. After you came he would take me in his mouth and suck me until I shot my load!”

“Yes Stan fuuuuck meeeee harder, I’mmmmm cummmmmming! Ahhhhh ahhhhhhh!” she hollered out as I plunged in deep. 

“Ohhhhh, fuuuuuck, ahhhhhhh, ohhhhhhhh, fuuuuuck meeeeee!” she managed to mumble out as her body started to convulse like I had never seen. Heather’s body just started to shake and her hand grabbed her pussy mound and just held on.

“Ahhhhhhhh, ahhhhhhhh” was all she could get out.

I plunged in and worked my cock in as deep as could go. I felt the usual tingling in my balls as I knew I was starting to cum. 

“Oh baby, I’mmm gonna cummmmmm!” I blurted out as the fluid deep inside of me made its way upward.

I shot the first load deep into her hot pussy. I reached down and grabbed my cock and slipped out of her pussy, I then shot my next load all over her hand and clit. I knew Heather felt it when the load hit her hand and her eyes opened. I squeezed and pulled on my hard pulsing cock as another load made its way upward. 

“Oh yea Stan. Cum all over me!” heather exclaimed as I shot my final load once more on her waiting hand and clit. 

“Ohhh, yea, ohhhh fuuuuuck!” I moaned out.

She reached up and grabbed my cock, wrapping her little hand around the diameter and squeezed with an upward motion. She was actually milking my cock dry. Heather moved my cock to her clit as it started to shrink and began to rub my own cum all over herself and my cock. I could tell that Heather had enjoyed herself in my fantasy because I had never seen her cum so violently. I looked into her eyes and saw pure pleasure written all over her face.

“I guess it would be fair to say that you liked what I was telling you Heather?” I asked. “So have I changed your mind any baby?” 

“I would be nice but….” She said as she closed her eyes and drifted off to sleep. 

“Man, I thought I had her convinced!” I thought as I too closed my eyes….

Heather and I didn’t discuss much about what had happed the other night while in bed, but it hadn’t left my mind for a moment. I knew she would go for it if only I could open up her mind. Her birthday was in two weeks so I still had time to soften her up, hopefully.

Week one had drug by with me making no head way at all towards trying to convince Heather in to a three way. I was running out of ideas until I picked up a porn magazine from work one day. The guys always left them lying around in the bathrooms so it wasn’t hard to find skin book. There was a story about how a guy had tied up his girlfriend and then had his friends come in and use her however they wanted to. That sounded pretty good but how could I get away with having another guy in the room, Heather would see him. Then it hit me! I could have a good blindfold on her eyes and she wouldn’t see anything while she was tied up. 

I knew Heather would go for it because we have played with light bondage in bed before so this wouldn’t be to far out there. I now had to come up with a who for the task. Hopefully this wouldn’t be too hard to do. Guys are always looking for pussy and most don’t care were it comes from. I searched my brain and finally I had one guy I used to work with come to mind. He probably was in his mid to lat twenties so I knew he still had a hard cock for some strange pussy. I looked for his phone number and found it. 

“Bill, is that you?” I asked. 

“Who do you think it was, Stan? I still know your work number. Remember it used to be mine too.” Bill spoke up. I picked Bill because he was younger than me, he had a fit body and he loved to fuck and suck.

I knew he wouldn’t mind giving my wife a good fucking because he basically told me so. He didn’t realize he was talking about Heather one day as she showed up at my job. He did in fact say he thought she was a nice piece of ass and he knew what he would do with her if he had a chance. I didn’t say a word. I just let it roll off my back. Anyway I invited him out for a couple of beers and we talked. I asked if he was seeing anyone and he replied no. Bill agreed with my plans and he couldn’t wait for Heather’s birthday too. Well before the night was over I had a plan worked up and all I needed now was to wait for her birthday to get here. That was going to be hard to do! 

The birthday gift was a set up. I made reservations at a swanky restaurant down town for 7:30 on Friday night, Heather’s birthday. In the conversation with Bill I planned on having him show up at the bar area while Heather and I waited for our table. I’d tell Heather that our reservations were for 7:00 PM instead of 7:30; this would allow Bill to strike up a conversation with Heather. I asked Bill to really pour it on about how good-looking she was, etc. etc. I wanted him to push the limit on trying to get her in the sack!

I didn’t know if it would work or not but I asked Bill to give it his best shot.

I got home from work around 5:30 on Friday and entered the house. I heard Heather in the kitchen so I made my way to her. Heather was all smiles when I got to her. I greeted her with a big kiss and placed my hands on her ass cheeks and pulled her in to me. I ground her pussy on to my cock for good measure.

“Happy Birthday baby!” I exclaimed. “You better get yourself upstairs and get ready for our dinner date.” I squeezed her ass cheeks.

“Oh Stan, I can’t wait! What did you get me for my birthday?” She asked.

“Heather you know I’m not going to tell you. I don’t want to ruin your birthday.” I replied.

Heather reached in between us and started to massage my cock, it started to grow like normal. Her tongue pushed past my teeth and she really worked it around in my mouth.

In a flash she had dropped to her knees and in no time had my zipper down and my cock pulled out. Her hand felt so good wrapped around my growing cock.

“Ohhh Stan, what did you get me for my birthday?” she asked with her mouth poised over my cock head.

I looked down and placed my hands on the back of her head. I tried to force her mouth downwards but she had other ideas.

“I know what you want Stan.” She said as she licked the top of my cock head. “Now tell me baby. What did you get me?”

“Come on Heather you’re torturing me! Just suck me for a while.” I moaned out.

Her mouth draped over my cock head and her lips slipped over just the head. She sucked me in like a vacuum cleaner for a minute. Then she removed her mouth and stood up. She squeezed my cock hard and started to walk out of the kitchen.

“Oh well baby, you lost your chance.” She said with a smile and headed upstairs.

My cock and balls wanted some relief but I knew I better not force the issue with Heather. I couldn’t believe I was standing there with my throbbing cock pointing to the ceiling and she walked out. “Damn my luck.” I said as I slipped my cock back in to my pants. I knew I’d get plenty later so I wasn’t heart broken by her not finishing what she started. I followed Heather up stairs and prepared myself for our night out.



We arrived at the restaurant on my schedule and as planned the Maitre d told us that there was a mistake and that we would have to wait until 7:30 to be seated. I looked at him with a false face of disgruntle and Heather picked up on it. He then directed us towards the bar area and said he would notify us when our table was ready.

“Stan, honey, don’t let this ruin our night out. Everything will be okay. Let’s just go have a drink or two and take it easy.” She said.

“I guess your right baby.” I replied. In my mind I was thinking that the plan was coming together.

We walked in to the bar area and it was slightly crowded so we had to sit at the bar. I helped Heather up on to the bar stool and looked at her. The dim lightly made her jet-black hair shine in a magical way. I didn’t notice until then but she wasn’t wearing a bra under her dress and her nipples were visible thru the material. I glanced down her body and saw the dress, which I had picked out for her, had slipped up her beautiful legs only to reveal her golden thighs. I wanted to touch her but I figured I would wait. Heather still had a very tight body, she was only five feet tall but she was lean and hard from working out. If you didn’t know any better you would definitely think she was in her twenties. God she was hot.

Right on cue I saw Bill making his way towards the bar area. I turned so I wouldn’t see him come by and I did notice that Heather had looked up. I glanced up and looked in the mirror behind the bar and saw that he sat three stools away from me. I kinda winked at him and figured it wouldn’t be long before he made his move.

Heather touched my arm and said, “Stan didn’t you used to work with that gentleman.” I looked past her and said that I didn’t see anyone I recognized. “No Stan, over to your left, about three stools down. I’m sure it’s him.” She said again.

I looked down his way and Bill turned right on key and waved towards us as he stood up and walked our way. I looked at Heather and said, “Shit, now what do we do?” 

“Be quiet, here he comes.” She whispered. I looked up and Bill stood between Heather and me. 

“Hey Stan, how have you been man?” Bill asked, as he reached out his hand towards mine. “Who’s this great looking baby-doll you’re sitting with? Stan I knew you robbed the cradle but I didn’t know any young thing would be seen with you in public.”

“My name is Heather, Stan’s wife.” Heather piped in quickly and stuck her hand out to shake his.

Bill grabbed her hand and softly embraced it with his. He raised her hand to his mouth and I could see the wetness from his lips kiss her hand. Heather started to blush. We made small talk and I looked at Heather and motioned that I had to use the bathroom. I excused myself and told them I would return. I headed for the rest room and I glanced back towards Heather and Bill. He didn’t waste any time. I could see that he was flirting with her big time. My plan was working!

I was gone to the rest room longer than I should have been and I could see the concerned look on Heather’s face as I returned. I looked at Heather and could see a flush had come over her. I liked what I saw. I almost had to push Bill out of my way to get to my stool and when I did he happened to hit Heather’s inner thigh and her legs popped open. I could see nothing but panties from my seat as I looked down. Bill did the same and he smiled big time. He moved out of the way and Heather slowly closed her legs. Oh, fuck I was getting turned on. Bill was with us until the Maitre d came and got us. 

“Heather I hope you have a wonderful birthday.” He said as he reached up and kissed my wife on the cheek. I couldn’t see one of his hands but I knew he was stroking my wife’s ass because I saw it in the mirror. Bill shook my hand and off he went, kind of stumbling a bit as he went.

“Boy was he drunk or what?” I asked Heather.

“Oh, he was well on his way.” She replied.

During our dinner I asked about what they had talked about and Heather did mention that Bill was a little frisky. She admitted that he was hitting on her and she kind of liked the fact that he had found her attractive.

“So do you find him attractive enough to have him make love to you?” I bravely asked her.

“While you were gone to the rest room I had given it some thought but I fought my desires and brushed it off.” She said.

“That could have been your chance baby. I know I wouldn’t have minded!” I softly replied as I rubbed my hand on her thigh. 

During desert I gave my wife a diamond necklace for her birthday and she was really shocked that I had gotten it for her. 

“That’s not all of your presents baby. You’re best one is waiting at home upstairs in our bedroom.” I said as my hand touched her panty clad pussy. I rubbed her every so lightly and she squirmed her butt on the seat. I couldn’t believe how wet her pussy had gotten. I guess you truly can’t hide your body’s reaction to stimulus! 

“Oh Stan I can hardly wait. Please tell me what it is.” She said.

“Nope, soon enough baby. Let’s go your Chariot awaits you my dear.” I said as I got up from the table and bowed to her. Fifteen minutes later we were pulling in to our driveway. Heather was like a child holding on to me and begging me to tell her what I got her. I won’t budge, at least not yet…



I had the bedroom all set for our new adventure. I made sure that I had soft rope and the four corners of our bedposts; I had oils, scented candles, and a mixture of other items I thought I might have use for. I did make sure I had a new purchase along side of the bed and that was of a lifelike replica of a hard cock. When I opened it I really was taken back because it did feel and look so real! One more item was on the nightstand and that was a real good blindfold. I had tried it on and I know I hadn’t been able to see anything, not even light.

I had Heather stay down stairs until I got the bedroom the way I wanted it. I light the candles and got the ropes and blindfold ready and now I was set. I still had almost a half an hour before our guest was to arrive and still Heather had no clue.

I led my wife upstairs and we entered our bedroom. The sweet smell of jasmine hit our nostrils as we made it into the room. There was a soft glow coming from the candles and I had soft music playing in the background. 

“Oh, Stan!” Heather squealed with delight as she jumped in to my arms. We embraced and our lips met in a passionate kiss. 

“Are you ready baby?” I asked.

“Yesss!” She replied.

“Okay, I want to you strip for me and then I want you to lay on the bed. Okay” I said.

“Whatever you want honey.” She said with a seductive voice.

I sat on the edge of the bed as Heather stood in front of me. She kicked off her shoes and reached up behind her and I could hear the zipper of her dress going down. One of her hands held it in place until she stood up again. When she let it go my cock started to grow. Heather stood there with only her panties on then she bent over and ever so slowly eased them down. When she stood up I let out a soft gasp. I could see nothing but bare skin; there wasn’t a hint of hair on her pussy mound. My mouth dropped open!

“Do you like what you see honey? I did it just for you.” Heather replied as she moved her hands up over her breasts and then down the curve of her belly to her pussy mound. She ran her fingers up between the slit and I thought I was going to fall off of the bed. I could see the wetness on her fingers.
