 My name is Dan and my wife Kim and I get together with a group of friends we met in college every weekend. There are five couples total; Kim and myself, John and Lisa, Paul and Grace, Robert and Tammy, and Rick and Hannah. Kim and I have the best house for hosting the weekly party, plus we live almost in the middle of the group so we always meet at our house.

As good friends do we discuss sex more than anything else. We have never had a group swapping thing, but we all are sexually active and discuss our activities with the entire group.

One day a heated discussion broke out between Lisa and Grace about whose husband shot the bigger load. The other wives joined in the argument, not wanting their husband to be the one whose load was agreed to be the smallest.

Finally the argument got to the point where Kim yelled for everyone to be quiet.

“Now I know we all think our husband has the biggest load, but there’s only one way to find out once and for all who is the biggest shooter.” Kim said.

“How’s that?” asked Hannah.

“We’ll have a sperm-a-thon.” Kim said.

“A what?” asked Grace.

“A sperm-a-thon. We get the guys to cum into cups or something, and then we decide who shot the biggest amount.” Kim said.

“That’s more of a sperm sprint if they only shoot once.” Tammy said. “How about we see how much they can get in say five loads, so there will be more of an average.” 

“Great idea.” Kim said.

“We need to lay down some rules before we do this though.” Hannah said.

“Like what?” Lisa asked.

“Wives can help to collect the sperm with their hands and mouths, but no penetration of the pussy or ass or we might lose a good bit of the load.” Hannah said.

“Good, that’s a fair idea.” Kim said. “Anything else?”

“If the wives agree, they can switch partners.” Grace said.

“Hell, there’s five of us and we’re gonna use five ejaculates as our amount to be measured so why doesn’t each wife collect one batch from each guy?” Kim asked.

The guys and I had been keeping quiet as the ladies planned, but the idea of getting a handjob or a blowjob from all five of these lovely ladies made us all chime in our approval of the plan. The wives all agreed.

“Okay guys, here’s how this will work. There will be five chairs in a circle. The five of you will be sitting in them. Your wife will position herself between the feet of the man to your left to start and will work her way around the circle so that she will be collecting your last deposit. The guys are responsible for keeping the cup and letting the woman know when you’re close to cumming. There will be no vaginal or anal insertion of the cock, the women can only use their hands or their mouths.” Kim said.

“What about touching the girls?” Paul asked.

“Ask first, if she says yes, go ahead.” Kim said.

So we grabbed five of the chairs from around our dinning-room table and placed them in an inward looking circle. Everybody undressed completely, Kim brought five identical glasses in and gave one to each of the guys and the ladies took their places between the legs of the man to their husband’s left.

The circle starting at me went me, John, Paul, Rick, and Robert.  That meant that I started with Tammy, John started with Kim, Paul started with Lisa, Rick started with Grace, and Robert started with Hannah.

We were all pretty excited about what was happening so it wasn’t long until we had all deposited our first load into our glasses. The ladies then shifted and began working on the next man. Hannah was the woman now between my legs.

“I know we said my dick couldn’t enter your pussy, but what about my tongue?” I asked.

“Someone is a naughty boy. Just make sure you tell me when you’re about to cum.” Hannah said.

Hannah stood up, moved beside me, placed her hands on my thighs and lifted her legs up onto my shoulders, on either side of my head so that I could lick her pussy as she sucked my dick. Seeing this sight got the other guys to proposition the other wives for similar acts, but only Kim, who was now with Paul, mounted her man the way Hannah had mounted me.

I ate Hannah to a thunderous orgasm that nearly caused her to lose her grip. Having all 8 inches of my rock-hard cock lodged in her throat kept her from falling to the floor.

Hannah was in the middle of her second climax when mine began and I had to push her off of me and to the floor so that I could catch my thick sticky cum in my glass. It was then that I looked around and realized that I had been the last to cum and everyone was just watching and waiting while stroking their cocks to keep them ready for the next woman.

“I don’t think I can mount you like that, I never was a gymnast like Hannah was.” Grace said.

“Then how about you put those big beautiful tits to work and titty-fuck me?” I suggested.

She simply smiled and went right to work. This is where the sperm-a-thon became grueling. Trying to force a third load of cum in less than an hour was quite the task, but we all managed to shoot one off.

Lisa took her place between my legs and asked, “How do you want it big boy?” as sexily as she could.

“However it has to be to get another load out of me.” I groaned.

She stood up, turned around and began stroking her sopping wet pussy lips over my engorged cock. What a reaction! I was the first to cum this time, as where I’d been the last in all the previous rounds. When all the guys had finally shot one off, which by now was very difficult and very small for most of them, the wives moved to their husbands and began lovingly trying to coax one last spurt of love juice from our cocks.

It took me nearly an hour before I finally blasted one off, and again I was the quickest. Paul was last and he took one hour and twenty-eight minutes for his last blast.

The wives collected our cups and placed them side by side on the table.

“It looks like you win honey.” Kim said to me.

“What’s my prize?” I asked.

“What do you want?” Lisa asked.

“Well, we guys all worked pretty hard to play this game so I think the prize should be that for the next four weeks each wife will spend the night with the four men that are not her husband and nobody can get mad or jealous about it.” I said.

“What do you mean?” Asked Grace.

“I mean that starting next week you would go home with John, Robert, Rick, and myself. Basically the wives will fuck all of the other husbands and everybody says it’s okay.” I said.

The women huddled up to discuss it. The guys meanwhile told me what a great idea it was. Finally the girls broke their huddle.

“Alright, we accept. Starting next week the wives will go home with a different man every week until we have had all four guys that aren’t our husbands.” Kim said.

Last night was the last night of the arrangement, Grace spent the night with me and my Kim spent the night with Rick. When she got home she still had his cum running down her legs.

“We should play games like that more often.” She said as she kissed my cheek and headed for the shower.

I’m currently working on more games we can play.