 It had only been two days since I had gone with Don to the party on Thursday night. That next morning I had awoken with some guilt and feeling down about having gotten involved in the party. But it only took about five minutes of nagging to remind me why it was so easy for me to stray. I always try to maintain a positive outlook but after so many years of negativity, it eventually wears you down. 

I got over my feelings of guilt after being chastised for not immediately making up the bed when I got up and not paying attention to “her” the night before, although she was snoring so loud even the dog left the room. After so many years of frustration and being compared to her old boyfriend I had finally resigned myself that even though I loved her I despised who she was and being around her. 

Anyway, the guilt was gone, or at least put in a cupboard so I could go out again and have one helluva time. I showered quickly, dressed and went down to Don’s house. He wasn’t up when I got there, so he was glad I came to get him up. He dressed and we drove over to get the U-Haul. We got back around 11:00am and starting packing it up. It took us until almost 5:00pm to get everything loaded. While we were working, we exchanged small talk, but didn’t talk about Thursday night or anything that had happened. 

Finally when the last box was loaded, we closed the truck and went back inside the house. All that was left was his suitcases and a six pack of beer in the refrigerator. I had brought my vacuum and carpet cleaner, but after vacuuming the carpet, we both decided it didn’t need to be cleaned and popped a beer to relax.

Since we hadn’t said anything about Thursday night I was halfway afraid we weren’t going to go again and was starting to feel disappointed. I finally told Don that I really surprised myself at how much I had enjoyed Thursday night. He said he was glad I had said something since he was afraid I was too uncomfortable to talk about it. We talked some more and I told him about the guilt I had felt, but my wife quickly resolved that issue. He said he understood, his marriage had been the same way, but not nearly as long as mine has. We both understand what it is to truly love a woman with all your heart, but an attitude can really make a relationship painfully difficult.

He asked if I wanted to go again and I said, “hell, yes, I’d go now if it wasn’t so early.” He laughed and said he knew the feeling and was really pent up himself. After the second beer we decided I would come back down around 7:00 pm and we would go to Cathy and Carl’s for the party.

I went back home and luckily she was gone for the evening to one of her friends to do needlework or something like that. I showered and got dressed and went back to Don’s around 7:00pm or a little after. He was just finishing up. He asked me if I had any expectations or anything special I wanted to do when we were there. I told him I just wanted to let loose and enjoy it all. He laughed and we got into his Explorer and headed on our way.

My heart was racing all the way over, remembering being in the room with Tom and Mary. I was already getting very aroused reliving those moments. I knew I had just been extremely lucky with the two young women and doubted I would have that kind of luck once again.

We didn’t talk much on the way over, we both were probably fantasizing about what would happen this time.

When we arrived, Don rang the door like Thursday night and we were greeted by Cathy this time. She gave Don a kiss and then grabbed me and planted her moist sensuous lips on mine for what seemed like an eternity. We were just barely in the entryway and I could already feel the heat building inside me. The kiss seemed too last for several minutes while I explored her sweet tasting mouth with my tongue and she massaged my palate and cheeks with hers.

I was almost disappointed when she finally pulled away, but got a charge when she reached down and massaged my growing erection through my jeans. She said, “Let’s get you out of these clothes and tonight I’m going to have a turn with you!” This was already off to a much steamier start that I could have imagined and I was oblivious to the fact that Don had already stripped naked and was heading off to the family room in the back of the house.

I waited a moment for Cathy to start undressing and was looking for Carl when she said Carl was in the back, but she couldn’t undress yet, there were four more people on their way.

I was a little disappointed. I actually craved the touch of her naked breast in my hand while I undressed her remembering how formed her breasts were when she was naked before. I could tell through her silk blouse she was getting excited, her nipples were pressing tightly against her blouse and about the size of a quarter.

She brought me back to reality when she undid my belt and slid down my zipper. Her actions were so smooth I almost didn’t notice until her hands slid around my waist to my butt and slid down my jeans to my ankles. I must have looked like some teenage boy about to get blown for the first time, just standing there. Of course that didn’t last long and I kicked off my shoes, stepped out of my pants and slid off my polo shirt. I bent down to take off my socks and when I straightened up, Cathy slid her fingers in my waist band and slid down my briefs to allow my penis the freedom from being restrained. 

A few licks of her tongue around the head of my penis brought me to full attention and I didn’t know if I would be able to refrain from stripping her right then and there. Abruptly she stood up and licked her lips and said, “that’s just to let you know what you are in store for later on. Now go and get some practice in before you get the real thing!”

I decided to go to the family room where Don had headed and see what was going on there. I had remembered the orgy scene from Thursday night and wondered what would be happening this time. Don had told me on the way over that on Saturdays the family room was a little different and his favorite place.

I headed through the kitchen and met Tom and Mary by the counter. Tom was talking to another man whom I later met as Paul while Mary was massaging his stiffening member. It was definitely difficult for him to concentrate on his conversation while Mary was working her magic. I hadn’t really seen him on Thursday, but he was very large, probably 8½ or 9 inches and very thick. This time though I didn’t feel that self conscious about my size compared to him.

I stopped and greeted them and Tom introduced me to Paul. Mary gave me a sweet little peck on my cheek and a firm grip on my dick. Tom smiled and said he hoped they would see me later on for a rematch from Thursday night. I smiled and told them I was definitely looking forward to it. I smiled at Mary and licked my lips in anticipation of tasting her sweetness once again. Mary gave me one final squeeze and I headed off to the family room. 

Don was right, this was different than the other night. The sofa and love seat were pushed back against the walls, the tables were removed and there was a mat in the middle of the room. There were two young ladies in their panties and bras on the mat spreading baby oil all over each other. They were both probably in their early 20’s, one with dark hair, the other with auburn long hair. They were petite but had large perky breasts with hard nipples poking against their bras. Their bodies glistened from the oil and the perspiration from their excitement. It was easy to see there was a tremendous amount of sexual electricity in both of them – their eyes always glued to the other ones.

I watched, transfixed as they rubbed each other with the oil and then almost simultaneously begin to slide their bra straps down from their shoulders. As they slid down their arms, their firm breasts kept their bras in place until their arms had slid out of the straps. Each one began massaging the other and gently slipping the bra down off their beautifully mounded breast. When they were fully exposed, almost as if choreographed they unfastened the bra and let them fall to the mat.

There was a chorus of “ahhhhhh” from all of us men and even a couple of the ladies in the room. Now clad only in their panties they massaged oil over their breasts paying particular attention to the nipples, making them expand even larger. This was causing pleasure for both of them, easy to tell from the look on their faces. Moving their hands up each other’s neck, they gently caressed each other’s face and drew into one another. Two pointed tongues gently extended to taste the other one and explore a set of luscious moist lips. Their tongues probed deeper and almost magnetically their lips were attracted and touched. I would swear there was a spark, the air was electrified. The silence was almost deafening as everyone intently watched the scene being played out by these two.

After a long embrace and exploration of each other’s mouths they stood up and sensuously slid down each other’s panties. Each one would slide down the other one’s to their ankles and pause momentarily looking longingly at the pussy that was staring her in the face. 

By now, everyone in the room was so sexually charged it was difficult not to reach and touch someone. A couple of the women had already started going down on the men around them. I stood mesmerized at these two and then began surveying the situation. I saw Don on the sofa splayed back with a blonde buried between his legs. I recognized a couple of the other men there from Thursday night in the same room. I didn’t recognize any of the women, so I figured they must have all been singles like Don and I.

I watched the two women as they slid into a 69 and began lapping each other as if the world were about to end. I was getting very aroused by this and noticed my breathing becoming in sync with their motions on each other and my penis was pulsing in the same rhythm without being touched. I knew I had to go find something to distract me, I didn’t want to explode this soon. 

I walked back through the kitchen and saw that it was empty so I headed back towards the bedroom area. Going down the hall, the door to the first room was cracked as before. I stuck my head in and saw Tom and Mary. Déjà vu. I went in and they both gave me a hug and said there were glad I was there. That made me feel good. This time I sat on the edge of the bed rather than the chair. Tom asked what I would like to do this time. I told him I was still nervous, but would really like to taste Mary once again. He said that was hot and he hoped I would want to have sex with her this time. I didn’t say no. The thought of riding her beautiful body was almost enough to make me cum then.

Mary was laying on her back on the bed. Tom straddled her head and she starting giving him a blowjob. I was at the end of the bed and began working my tongue from her ankles up her legs to her thighs. She must have really enjoyed this, her legs began twitching the closer I got to her pussy. I took my time working up from her knees to her sweet spot and then when she was right in front of my face, took my tongue and began working in circles around her lips. She raised her legs to give me more room and present this wonderful gift to me. I licked gently circling closer and closer to the center as she began thrusting into my face. I could glance up and see Tom smiling. Mary began groaning and saying, “eat me, god don’t stop.” Tom was repeating her wishes, “eat her man, make her spill her juices into your mouth.” I didn’t know how much longer I was going to be able last, my dick was rubbing against the bed while I was devouring her. I finally hit her sweet spot and she wrapped her legs around my neck. She caught me off guard with the strength of her grip as she buried my face in her. It was difficult to breathe, but damn I thought, what a way to suffocate. 

I began in earnest and with the third penetration of my tongue she locked my head in her legs and even with Tom’s dick buried in her throat shrieked loud enough to bring in the police. I knew I had found her secret and furiously lashed her with my tongue and nibbled with my teeth. This only made her grip me stronger and moan louder. Tom was really getting off on this, his face was red when I could steal a look to see if he approved of me giving his wife pleasure. 

I continued working her as her juices filled my mouth and dripped down my chin. She tasted sweeter than any woman I have ever gone down on, almost like sweet peach nectar. I was beginning to moan and knew that I couldn’t stop my building orgasm. She continued this with 7 or 8 more convulses and flooding me with her sweetness. Tom yelled he was going to cum and pulled out of her mouth. She furiously sucked his ball sac and his dick erupted all over her sweet tits encapsulating the nipples with a layer of white cum. 

She had one more intense orgasm almost crushing my vertebrae and then relaxed her legs. I tried to lap up as much of her juice as I could. My own dick was swollen and throbbing. I was trying to hold back, but I knew within a moment or two I would shoot out of control. I pulled my head back and Mary said, “shoot all over my breasts with Tom’s, I want both your loads of cum all over me.” I didn’t know if I could move that far before shooting, but I got on my knees and crawled over her and held my dick over her breasts. Without any strokes I began cumming like I had never before. I was amazed at the amount and intensity of my jism covering her already sticky white coated breasts. I lasted through about four or five shots of cum barely able to breathe.

Amazed, I sat back down on my legs, my butt resting on her pelvis. I had to force myself to remember to breathe to keep from gasping. I figured that was going to be it for the night, I wouldn’t be able to cum again or even get hard again.

Sitting there on Mary’s pelvis and Tom just above her head, her breasts all covered with sticky white cum of two men was such an erotic picture. If I were an artist I would have loved to capture this moment on canvas. I finally was able to see clearly enough to look at Tom. He had a huge grin on his face and said, “Mary has never cum like that before and neither have I.” I told him I understood and I felt the same way.

Tom said, “after that, I just have to see you fuck Mary. I am dying to watch another man enter her.” Mary looked up and said, “oh please, I can’t wait to feel you inside me.” I told them I liked that thought, but didn’t know if I could do it this soon, or let alone even get hard again. Tom said, “guess you haven’t looked at yourself, you’re still hard as hell dude.” I hadn’t noticed, but I looked down and saw that my penis was still very erect and when I touched it, I could feel how unbelievably hard it was. I was amazed, after my orgasm I figured I would soften like usual.

Mary slid more under me and out from under Tom until my dick was up against her cum soaked breasts. They were still hot from hot jism that was covering them. She slid her hand up and down my shaft and pulled me to her mouth. She gently cleaned the cum from my shaft and head and then pulled me out of her mouth and begged, “fuck me please, fuck me now!”

I looked at Tom, feeling a little awkward, but ready for his okay. Tom nodded and said, “yeah man, do it so I can see you sliding in and out of her.” I slid back down and placed the head of my penis against her lips. I had intended to slowly enter her and take my time giving her as much pleasure as I possibly could. She had no intention of it happening like that. Just as my head penetrated her, she grabbed my ass cheeks and pulled me all the way into her. Her pussy was warm, very moist and tight. I had wondered if she would be a little loose after having Tom. Her muscles gripped my penis, massaging it all the way in and out. As I went all the way into her, she spread her legs to give me more penetration.

Tom had moved beside us and was watching intently as I slid in and out of her. She was so moist, but tight we were making loud noises with each rhythmic movement in and out. Again, I was amazed that I was able to do this so quickly after such a powerful orgasm. I knew I would be able last a long time now and give her as much pleasure as she could take. Mary was playing with her left nipple with her left hand and began stroking Tom with her right hand while we busily worked on each other. 

I tried to slow my pace but she had other thoughts on her mind. She was beginning to buck me faster than I could slide in and out of her. I just tensed up my thighs and let her ride my hard penis in and out, impaling her sweet pussy on me. I thought I would be able to last much longer, but as she increased her pace even faster, sliding on my rigid cock while she massaged her husbands stiff cock, I could feel my balls tighten and my cock felt like it was expanding. I told her I was getting very close to cumming and asked Tom where he wanted me to ejaculate. In unison, they both said, “inside, fill it up with your cum”. I could wait any longer and I started fucking her hard like a rabbit while she bounced against me driving my cock farther into her tight pussy. I began to groan, “umphhhh” and then I couldn’t take it any longer and felt my cum erupting inside here. One last “umphhh” and she clamped down on my hard penis with her muscles and began convulsing in orgasm once again. She squeezed Tom’s cock tightly and he began to shoot, hitting the side of her abdomen and onto my chest.

I couldn’t hold up any longer and collapsed on top or her. My breathing was still rapid and saw stars as I tried to calm down. I could feel Tom’s hot cum on my chest and her breasts rubbing it into me. Tom collapsed on the bed next to us, Mary’s hand and his cock all covered with thick white cum.

After a couple of minutes, I raised up on my arms to sit up and Mary leaned up and licked the rest of Tom’s cum from the hairs on my chest, teasing my nipples. I sat up – I needed to rest a little. Mary looked a little disappointed, but then suddenly told Tom to look, she was leaking. She spread her legs for both of us and you could see my white cum along with her juices spilling from her lips. Tom said he had fantasized about another man fucking his wife and then watching his cum drip out and was so glad I had been the first man to fulfill his fantasy. Mary told me she was glad I was the first man other than Tom to have intercourse with her. We hugged and then I finally got up to go clean up in the bathroom. That had been such a truly fantastic experience. I understood Tom’s exhilaration, I had had the same fantasy for a long time, just not as strong now with my current marital situation.

After I had cleaned myself up I went into the hall and down to the end where the double doors were cracked. I stuck my head in with new confidence and saw Carl and Cathy lying in bed. As I looked in, they were cuddled in an embrace and gently stroking each other. As soon as they saw me, they both invited me in to be with them. I went over and sat on the side of their king size bed next to Cathy. 

Her skin was smooth and light in color and when I touched it, so soft yet supple. She was dressed only in her panties and her nipples were erect and her breasts firm and belied her age. Carl was in his birthday suit in a state of semi-arousal. Cathy was still paying full attention to Carl, stroking his legs and gently circling around his penis and balls and then going up his chest to his nipples and teasing them. He was definitely enjoying this as evidenced by his growing erection. I continued to caress her left thigh which must have been what she wanted, she kept pressing her leg tighter against mine. Carl was leaning back with his eyes closed enjoying his wife’s attention. 

I moved to the end of the bed to better watch their interaction. Cathy frowned at first until I told her I wanted to watch them please each other. She smiled and leaned over to embrace her husband and flick his nipples with her tongue. Carl must have been really sensitive, all I heard from him was a hiss. She then moved up his neck and nibbling on his lower lip before placing her lips against his. 
