 It was a Saturday, and it didn't get off to a great start! The alarm went off way too early, and my attempts to arouse my wife Jackie, went nowhere. Now that really was a bummer, because our twin girls were spending the weekend at the grandparents. Still, considering she'd spent most of last night getting her brains banged out at our friend Bob's surprise birthday party, I suppose I can't blame her. If I'd had any say in it, I'd have been sleeping away a lazy Saturday morning too. Well, at least I'd have still been in bed! Only being a buddy, I'd promised to show up for my friend Chuck's softball game. Ah well, at least it was a beautiful day. So I sipped my coffee, munched an Egg McMuffin, and got a kick out of watching a bunch of idiots waste a perfectly good day off. I didn't know it then, but things were going to pick up, oh boy were they!

After downing my share of beer and pizza with the guys, I finally headed home. I walked in to the kitchen through the garage, and could hear music coming from the den. Jackie was there, mixing a drink at the bar, and doing a slow grind to the music's sensual beat. She was wearing a short sundress that left her tan shoulders bare. Coming up behind her, I slid my arms around her waist. And I waited until after her startled jump to plant a kiss on her neck. You can drive Jackie nearly nuts, with just a few soft kisses and tender licks, especially if their delivered just under the smooth line of her jaw. So, I had her squirming back against my hardening cock long before my lips made it anywhere near her ear. "Hi baby," I said in to that tongue-ravished ear! "Hey, you're feeling awfully good! How about you fix another one of whatever you're having for me?" I should have noticed she was already fixing two drinks; but being some what distracted, I'd missed that obvious detail.

"Maybe baby," she cooed. Then she swiveled around, and suddenly, her mouth found mine. Her mouth tasted of Gin and Tonic, and her lips were soft and insistent against mine. Her tongue pushed quickly past my lips, darting in to my mouth to do a dirty little dance with mine. By the time, she'd pulled back, my hands held a pair of perfect 34 C sized tits. And, quite obviously, they were only covered by the soft fabric of her sundress. Because Jackie hardly ever wears a bra, that wasn't much of a surprise. So, while my fingers teased, squeezing fast hardening nipples, I went back to ravaging her throat and jaw with soft flicking licks and teasing kisses.

I slid one hand up her back, and in to soft black hair that fell nearly to her bare shoulders. And whatever she'd intended to say, it was cut off when I pulled her head back and gave her another long hot kiss. She had her ass churning against the hard bulge in my shorts, and was making those sexy moans that drive me wild. Ignoring her murmured protests, I slid the sundress's thin straps off her shoulders. Her "Wait baby, we can't, not now," never really registered! Hell no, my hands were already crawling over the smooth silky skin of her bared tits. And without any help from me that Dress slid to the floor, passing a lot of sexy bare curves along the way. And gosh, what do you know? I still held her luscious tits cupped in my hands, my fingers tightly pinching a pair of rock hard nipples! Now, Jackie does love that; but she usually doesn't burst in to giggles from it! Silly me, ignoring those giggles turned them in to my second missed clue!

Well something I sure didn't miss was the fact that my sexy young wife was naked! Yup, there hadn't been anything lurking under that flimsy little sundress, no bra, and yippee, no panties either! So I slid a hand down across her flat belly, and on around to her incredibly sexy ass. And with only one hand busy stroking its sexy curves, I had one left to slip and slide over the already hot slippery pussy hiding between her sleekly muscled thighs. Two fingers slipped between her velvety soft slit and found her clit. And with Jackie moaning throatily, I teased it erect. I wanted her, and I wanted her right then and there!

Jackie's soft moans turned in to a growled "Yes, oh yeah do that!" But hey, those teasing fingers of mine were already pushing in to the slick wet heat of her vagina. And naturally, where my fingers go, my dick wants to follow. So, I stepped back, pushed my shorts down, and stepped out of them. Bending, I picked up my shorts and Jackie's sundress, and dropped them on one of the bar stools. Standing there naked, hands on her hips, and looking utterly irresistible, Jackie half-heartedly tried again to dissuade me. She got as far as "Alex, we can't, not now! Listen...," And she might have finished that thought if she hadn't spotted my raging hard on. Usually if Jackie goes speechless at the sight of a hunk of ramrod hard cock, it's because she's sliding her lips over it. But, not that time; instead, with a sigh, and a shake of her head, she spun around and braced her hands on the bar. Then muttering softly "Oh well, why not," she spread her long legs invitingly wide.

Like I said, I wanted her; so with one fast move I'd stepped in and drove my cock in past her vaginal lips and in to her tightness. My hands were locked tight to her hips while I pumped in hard, deep penetrating thrusts. Her vagina wrapped my cock in a cocoon of velvety soft molten heat. My brain was lost in a fog of sexual delirium, and barely even registered her cries of "Oh God yes, fuck me baby...fuck yes, hard...do it baby, yeah fuck me good! If I hadn't decided to slow it down, and hopefully last long enough for Jackie to catch up with my own ready to explode passion, I might have missed the giggles coming from the doorway.

One quick glance, and oops, there stood Jan, hands on her hips and a saucy grin playing across her pretty face. Closing the distance, her teasing chuckle asked "Well now, isn't this just like college?" Then dropping on to a bar stool, and looking full of mischief, she said, "Right, I turn my back on you for half a minute, and you find some cute guy with a hard cock! Wow, and this time you found one with one damn fine looking cock too!" Hey, I already was back busily banging away, when she rather unnecessarily added "Hey, hi there Alex; gosh, don't stop on my account!"

Jan is a girlfriend from Jackie's college days. We'd met a few times after she moved back to town following a divorce. Jan's a red head with a slim body, a great ass, and a sexy smile. So naturally, and more then once too, I'd teased Jackie, hinting around about the three of us hooking up. The always-flirtatious Jackie countered by telling me juicy tidbits from some of the wild, unashamedly uninhibited partying they'd done back in their college days. It left me panting like a dog, but willing to endure hearing "Patience darling lets just let the poor girl get settled...umm yeah, and I promise it'll be worth the wait!" OK, and so far at least, that's why I hadn't done much more then some casual flirting. Sure, she'd returned my not so subtle innuendos with some very suggestive comments of her own! Still, no way, was I expecting what was about to go down!

Jackie was laughing softly, and I sure liked the way that had her vagina clenching around my cock. Anyway, I managed to keep driving long slow strokes in to Jackie, while my roaming eyes stripped her girlfriend naked. Jan was wearing a pair of baggy shorts, that hid what I already knew was a very sexy ass. And, her tight fitting tank top only accented a great set of firm, and perkily upturned tits. Uh-huh, and I sure didn't miss the little fact that her nipples were absolutely popped right out!

Jan was sitting close enough to reach over and tweak one of Jackie's nipples, while teasing, "What, cat got your tongue? So Alex, let me guess; she just forgot to mention that I was here, right? Ok, well if that big thing was busy between my legs, I'd probably forget my own name!"

Sounding amused, and surprisingly breathless, Jackie said, "Hey, I tried to tell him, but the bastard had other things on his evil mind!"

Firing right back, Jan teased, "Well, sure I believe you!" Then proving she really did know my uninhibitedly sexual wife, she added a snickered "Sure, if you'd been the one to get the ball moving, the poor guy would be naked already!"

Reaching over and tugging on my shirtsleeve, Jan teased "Come on Alex, let go of that pretty ass long enough to lose the shirt!"

With that kind of opening, what else could I do but offer, "Sure Jan, I'll show you mine, if you'll show me yours!" Jan waited just long enough for me to step back, and let my pussy drenched cock slip slowly out of the liquid fire of Jackie's vagina. And then, with the pink tip of her tongue flicking across her lips, a grinning Jan yanked her shirt up over her tits. Face hidden, she giggled, before pulling the shirt off over her head, and adding it to the growing pile of discarded clothing.

And while I stared, Jackie said what was obviously on both our minds, opining, "Gosh Alex, aren't those some really pretty titties!" They were; only, I sure wouldn't have added, like Jackie did "Oh sure, and as usual, the bitch's nipples are hard as little rocks!"

Jan laughed, and I watched her hands slide up her lean body to cup her breasts. And the little imp was watching my face, when she snapped flicking fingers against already hard, jutting nipples. Throwing her head back, with an exaggerated growl of pleasure, she pinched those rock hard looking nipples, rolling them between her fingers. And then, while my cock jumped and jerked, she reached out and gave Jackie's nipples the same sweet treatment. Well, by then my shirt had followed hers to the floor, and I was busy trying to come up with some witty way to get Jan out of her shorts. Right, make that come up with anything that would have worked!

Leave it to Jackie; she took care of that little problem lickety-split! Not sounding anywhere near as serious as her hands on the hips pose suggested, she reminded me "Alex, I know I've told you before, but Jan's totally sex crazed! Honestly, she practically gets all weak kneed, and at just the sight of a cock, well a big thick hard one anyway!" Jackie needed to rein in a fit of the giggles, before she managed to say, "Gosh Alex, I'm sure if you ask real nice; well, I bet she'll drop those shorts! Only you better hurry, before the little tart drops to her knees! Usually, all it takes is for some guy to give her a nice long look at his hard-on!"

I liked the way Jan fired right back, staring hard at my cock, while she let Jackie know "Well sure, but forget about a long look! Seriously Alex, back then if I took more then a quick glance, I have had to pry that insatiable nymphomaniac's lips off the damn thing!"

So while Jackie snickered evilly, I stared straight in to Jan's eyes, and asked, "I'll give you a good look Jan; but how about a little side bet?" Knowing that with Jackie a bet works as well as a dare, and figuring Jan was every bit as incorrigible, I assumed it would be true for her too! So, I suggested "How about this? If you're not wearing panties, then after you take that long close-up look at my cock, you can introduce it to your mouth!" A sly smile slowly spread across Jan's face, while my idiot wife pranced around clapping wildly. And while I wondered if that smile meant the game was afoot; thankfully, Jan put a quick end to Jackie's silliness by cracking a swat off her bare ass.

Under control, if you don't count another bout of snickered giggles, Jackie rubbed her ass, and told me "Alex darling, you can't lose!" But she was looking right at Jan, when she said, "Well she must own some panties, I suppose! Uh-huh, but no way, she won't be wearing any!" After giving Jan a truly lecherous grin, she turned backed to me, complaining, "Bummer Alex, its too bad; really, I'd love to hear what she'd make you pay!"

You bet I'd asked Jackie; so I knew they weren't lovers, not back in college, and so far at least, not now either. Still, Jackie is most definitely bi! Hell, and with the willing assistance of Bob's wife Carla, she'd proven it again, and in front of a room full of cheering onlookers at last night's birthday party! And of course, I'd already assumed it was only a matter of time; hey, birds of a feather, flock together, don't they? So yeah, it sure didn't surprise me when Jan stepped in and threw her arms around Jackie's neck! Collecting a double handful of Jan's bare ass, Jackie dove in to that kiss with all the fiery eagerness of a long pent up passion! First kiss or not, fuck tentative, it was long, hot, and nothing but downright nasty! So while the room's temperature soared, I watched their hands roam, sliding sensuously over each other's sweet curves, as that long first kiss threatened to go incandescent. And when Jan spun out of Jackie's arms, Jackie's eyes were ablaze, fueled by an undeniable, and utterly irresistible lust.

Jan turned to face me, and I saw that same fire flaring in her green eyes! Those flashing green eyes held Jackie's smoldering gaze, but did I care? Hell no, I was much to busy watching Jan, mesmerized, as she slowly, and oh so provocatively push her shorts down her long tan legs. Only, I never saw those shorts hit the floor. Of course, Jackie had been right! So where those shorts had been, there was nothing but a bare, as in shaved absolutely bare pussy. Yup and when she spun to show it off, I stared hard at one terrifically curvy, truly world-class ass. And if that sweet ass wasn't the equal of Jackie's, I'd sure hate to live on the difference!

Voice smoldering with a barely restrained sexuality, Jackie brushed a slow kiss across my lips, before admonishing, "Didn't I tell you darling?" Eyes feasting on her girlfriend's sensational body, Jackie teased "Gosh Jan, I've seen you with more then one guy's hard cock in your mouth! And as I recall, and more then once too, with More then one at a time!" Oh man, I'm surprised I even heard her "yeah, but this time, it's going to be my husband's lovely big cock! Oh, and I'm just going to love seeing that; oh my god, what fun!"

A flip of her auburn hair, and a grinning Jan gave Jackie a cool eyed look that in poker parlance shouted, see you, and raise you! Looking up, mischievous eyes boring in to mine, Jan murmured a sultry "umm...yes...big...hard...and oh so yummy too!" Head cocked provocatively, Jan rested her hands on long sleekly muscled thighs, and stared at the pussy slicked cock jutting just inches away from those hungry eyes. Not bothering to wait for an invitation, Jackie dropped to her knees beside Jan. Well that left me standing there, heart hammering, while I briefly contemplated all the thrilling possibilities. And the number one prospect; no doubt about it, was getting to watch Jan lick my wife's pussy juices off my cock! But then, having Jackie kneeling there, pouting while she watched her girlfriend do it was a close and definitely erotic second!

Jan didn't give me much time to contemplate all the tantalizing possibilities! Nope, but I did flash back, calling up a memory from last night's party shenanigans. Only last night it had been Jackie lapping up a pussy-flavored cocksicle treat. I'd been lying on my back, with an exuberant Jackie sitting happily ensconced on my face, while she whooped like a banshee. Meanwhile, Bob's vivacious wife Carla was bouncing up and down on my cock, while trying to convince my doubting wife that she could cum while getting fucked and do it with a mouth full of hard cock too. Latching on to the first passing hard-on, and I think that was Chuck's, Carla set out to prove she could do it. And if it was up to me, I'd have given her credit! After all, it wasn't her fault! Really, it was Chuck's idea to pull out and splash his mammoth sized load of cum all over her gorgeous pair of perfect 36-c tits. I mean, come on, the lady was definitely orgasmic at the time. Anyway she was screaming "Yes, and begging for more, when Jackie's playful shove toppled her off my cock. Playing to her audience, before Jackie took her time licking every drop of Chuck's cum off those luscious tits, she stopped to enjoy the taste of pussy running in rivulets down my cock!

Well now, with that tasty bit of memory for inspiration, I was already planning ahead. So, after Jan feasted on her tasty appetizer, I figured on feeding her a big helping of hard cock, followed by a dessert of freshly whipped up cum. And you bet, I was hoping to serve Jackie a big helping of Jan flavored cocksicle somewhere along the way too. So there I stood waiting, hands on my hips, the head of my cock only inches from her lips, and what's does Jan do? Well, she sure didn't do what I was hoping for! Instead, with a shy grin in place, one I sure wasn't buying in to, she lifted her head and caught my eye. Face suffused with desire, wide-open eyes sparkling with merriment, Jan slowly swept the pointy tip of her tongue around her lips. There was no mistaking the look in that expressive face. Jan wanted my cock! I figured she wanted it just about as badly as I wanted to reach out, collect a handful of her red hair, and drive the eight inches of cock she seemed to be craving deep in to her throat. Anticipation building, I was beginning to wonder, would I lose it, and blow my load all over Jan's grinning face, and even before she put that teasing tongue to work?

Jan's eyes shifted to Jackie, then back to my cock. And I swear, right before swooping in and kissing my balls, she giggled. Unchained and on the prowl, her tongue lashed out, lavishing sensuous, slow back and forth licks up the underside of my cock. Working that wicked tongue steadily up, down, and all around too, she alternately flicked and licked it over every inch of my throbbing cock's shaft. At last, and working it like a kid with an ice cream cone, she swirled her tongue around the head of my cock, lapping up every drop of Jackie's remaining wetness. Damn, I mean hey, the ladies lips still hadn't touched my cock, and already I was shaking, quivering with the need to blast loose my already seriously pent up load. It only got worse, and yeah that's a figure of speech, when the darting, dancing pink tip of her tongue went after that ultra sensitive skin just below the rim of an already darkly engorged head. Soft sweetly puckered lips brushed against the underside of that crown, their kiss sending shivers racing through me. And when Jan gently sucked that swollen head in to the fiery infernal of her mouth, I really don't know how I kept from filling it with hot cum. She sucked it softly, then hard enough to have sucked the cum right out of me! Phew, luckily her only reward was my whimpered groan of a moan!

Well I was ready; more then ready in fact, to feel the exquisite thrill of her soft warm lips sliding slowly down my cock's slippery shaft. But, apparently, that terrible tease wasn't! Ah but then, those lush warm lips started to rain feathery light kisses down the flaming length of my cock. And when those lips ran out of cock, they closed around my balls. As Jackie whooped her approval, Jan sucked my balls in to her mouth. And when I did manage to tear my eyes off that glorious sight, why was I surprise to find Jackie, always an insatiable wench, with a hand busy between her thighs? That hand was wet clear to the wrist; I know, because Jackie showed it to me!

Oh sure, of course Jan saw it too, stopped softly sucking my balls, deciding instead to challenge "Hey, I'd love hearing you cum darling...come on, lets see if you can get off, before I'm swallowing a big load of Alex's cum!" With Jan laughing at her menacing glare, Jackie snorted in disgust, and pushed a hand between her parted thighs. Unable to pass up a challenge, I knew Jackie would have that hand's fingers exposing a clit, one certainly ready to be turned in to a swollen nub of super sensitized flesh. Wanting to scream, but figuring anything even close to, hey, what about me, would sound overly egotistic, I settled for watching Jackie lick a finger still glistening with her pussy's juices. And then, she put it to work, I'm sure intending to beat out an orgasmic rhythm on what would soon be a jutting nub of tautly stretched clit. 
