 Hey again everyone! This is Part 3 of my ongoing story of Erika submitting to her Mistress Kaylee, in which Erika is finally used by the party goers. You can read this part without having read the others and still basically know what's going on, but what fun is that? :) I'm still deciding where to go from here with this and also not sure what people think of the whole thing in general...so please feel free to comment and send any feedback. I'd love to hear what people think! All characters are over 18.

*****

The first person to use Erika for the night, a guy named Ed, made his way to the center of the room with a huge grin on his face as she waited on my knees expectantly. Having long since given in to her inner slut, Erika was horny as hell and ready to be used as she sat naked on her knees surrounding by a group of mostly strangers. Still though, she was a little nervous as well, wondering just how the night would go. However, just then Erika didn't really care much about anything other than being fucked and used and finally being able to cum. 

Ed seemed a little nervous himself once he actually got closer to Erika, possibly the pressure of being first or having everyone else watching. But like the horny slut in front of him, he didn't seem to let his nervousness interfere with his desires. Erika assumed Kaylee had set up some ground rules for how people were allowed to use her and for how long, but all she knew for sure right then was that she was fair game for everyone's use. Ed came up to her and undid his pants as she knelt in front of him. Not wanting to waste anymore time, he pulled out his already hard cock and rubbed it against Erika's cheek and lips. 

"Get to sucking slut, I can't wait to feel that mouth on me. Bet you're a great little cocksucker." He leered at her. 

Erika opened her mouth eagerly, taking him deep and starting to suck, moving her tongue up and down and giving him the best blowjob she could. She closed her eyes, feeling his cock pumping in and out of her mouth and his hands in her hair as he rocked his hips toward her face. Erika could tell he was getting into it as he was already moaning a bit and breathing heavily. She could feel his cock pulsing in her mouth, throbbing against her tongue as he pumped into her. She kept sucking, trying to get him to cum but he soon pulled out and told her to get on all fours. Erika quickly moved to obey, positioning herself on all fours with her ass and pussy pointed in his direction. She could feel his eyes on her, feel the wetness leaking out of her pussy as she awaited his cock. 

Ed took a few seconds to pause and admire the view in front of him, the small little slut in position and her pussy begging to be taken. He moved closer then and Erika felt the tip of his cock pushing between her legs and sliding easily into her pussy. As horny and wet as she was, feeling him slide into her felt incredible. He didn't have the biggest cock but to Erika it still felt good and she also knew that his was just the first of the night and there were plenty more to follow. Ed grabbed hold of her hips and she felt his rough hands gripping her as he sank all the way in. He held still, rubbing along her ass, up her back, and then back down to give her ass a hard smack. 

"She feels incredible boys," He boasted. "Nice and hot and tight."

"Get a move on then," Another guy shouted. "Quit stalling and fuck her already. We all want a turn too.' 

This brought on a round of laughter as well as a blush to Erika's cheeks as she then felt Ed start to pump into her, thrusting his hips and fucking her hard. He didn't seem to have much technique or plan aside from fucking her as fast and hard as possible. Erika was soon moaning loudly and pushing her hips back to meet each of Ed's thrusts, wanting them to be even harder. He didn't last nearly as long as Erika would have liked and after only a couple minutes she felt him suddenly stiffen and grab hold of her hips before pulling out quickly. Erika heard him grunting behind her and then felt the warmth of his cum shooting all over her ass and lower back.

As Ed stepped away to clean up, Erika was left feeling horny and frustrated as he had finished long before she was able to cum herself. She didn't have to wait very long though before being filled again. Lost in her own thoughts and frustrations Erika didn't even see who it was that stepped behind her, just suddenly felt two hands on her ass holding her as another cock slid quickly into her waiting pussy. Just like with Ed, this new guy didn't waste any time and simply started thrusting hard into her. While he was fucking her, one of the girls came around in front, her clothes off already, and sat facing Erika with her legs spread. Erika stared down knowing what was expected of her but not immediately reacting. Her momentary hesitation wasn't long but long enough to make the girl in front of her impatient. She reached up and grabbed Erika's hair, pulling her head down towards her pussy.

"Get going bitch! Get that tongue in there and put it to use. You looked like such a hot little whore sucking dick let's see how you do with a pussy."

Erika moaned and pressed her mouth to the girl's pussy, her tongue darting out and sliding in deep. She felt the guy behind her pick up his pace and the girl in front of her lock her thighs around her head as she started to lick hungrily. 

Every thrust into Erika from behind rocked her forward, pushing her mouth against the girl's pussy. The three of them started to build a rhythm. The unknown guy fucking her would thrust forward, causing Erika's tongue to drive deeper into the girl in front of her who was rocking her hips towards Erika's mouth in time with the thrusts. Erika kept licking, listening to the girl's moans as she writhed under her. She was soaking wet and her pussy juices soon covered Erika's face as it was pushed again and again into her. Erika could hear her moans getting louder, feel her hands grabbing her hair and tugging and her thighs gripping Erika's head more and more and then she was cumming hard, bucking her hips up against Erika's mouth and arching her back. Erika kept licking, working her tongue faster and faster as the guy behind continued to thrust forward hard until he suddenly came too, holding Erika's hips and pumping into her with a groan. The girl in front slid out of the way and Erika had a break for a minute as the guy behind me held his cock inside while he caught his breath before pulling out. 

Soon though another girl, emboldened by the first, was moving into place in front of Erika. Her pants were already off and she spread her legs, grabbing Erika's head without any word and pulling it down to her waiting pussy. As Erika once again started to lick she felt the guy behind her finally pull out but get replaced almost immediately by another, his already hard cock sliding easily into Erika's pussy. 

This newest guy again wasn't all that big but unlike some of the others he seemed to know how to use what he had and wasn't looking to just fuck as hard and fast as possible. He started slowly, with hard, even thrusts, pounding in and out of Erika as she licked the pussy in front of her. After a few minutes of slow fucking he started to pick up his pace, thrusting faster in and out as he reached down and grabbed Erika's hair into his fist, pulling back. He didn't seem to be in any rush to finish, though as he would alternate between slow, steady thrusts that made Erika want to ram herself backwards onto his cock and hard, pounding thrusts that shook Erika's whole body and pushed her face harder into the pussy she was devouring. 

Eventually, though, he reached a point where he couldn't continue to hold back anymore and started to pound Erika faster, shoving his cock in deep and hard and quickly building up his pace without letting up. Moaning loudly, Erika could finally feel herself building up toward orgasm as he pounded into her and then suddenly she was cumming hard on his cock, her entire body tensing and spasming while he held her hips and kept fucking her hard. He was groaning too, holding tight and occasionally giving Erika's ass a smack as he fucked her. As she continued to ride the wave of an incredibly intense orgasm, Erika felt him grab her hips harder and tense up as he started to cum, pumping into her. 

Erika groaned and continued to lick, the girl in front of her suddenly cumming as well and adding another coating of pussy juices to Erika's dripping face. As she finished and rolled away satisfied, the guy who had finally made Erika cum also pulled away, leaving her to collapse onto the floor as she tried to catch her breath. Her rest was short-lived though as yet another guy stepped forward. Seeing that Erika wasn't in a state to get back up on all fours, he simply rolled her onto her back, spread her legs wide, and sunk his cock into her well-lubed pussy. Erika could only lie there, her legs spread wide, as the guy quickly hammered into her. In her new position her boobs were now open to be played with and it didn't take long for there to be hands on her, groping her, twisting and pinching her nipples roughly. 

Another of the girls came forward to straddle Erika's face, dropping her pussy down onto her waiting mouth and starting to grind. Erika drove her tongue deep, fucking and licking her pussy as she felt her own continuing to be pumped into. Her feet were pulled up and back and held there, giving the guy fucking her better access to go even deeper. Erika's entire world was just being a toy for these people, these strangers. Her mouth covered by someone's grinding pussy, nipples being abused by multiple hands, legs spread as wide as possible, her own pussy being taken hard by another cock. She felt like a complete slut and was loving every second of it. 

The unnamed guy fucking her suddenly pulled out and she felt his cum land on her stomach and boobs. Shortly after that the girl riding her face was also cumming, grinding her pussy down hard onto Erika's face as she screamed and came. She climbed off and gave Erika a pat on the cheek before scooping the cum off of Erika's stomach and boobs with her fingers and shoving them into Erika's mouth.

"Here slut, don't forget to eat this. Can't have it going to waste." She laughed as she made Erika lick her fingers clean.

The next guy stepped up and flipped Erika over onto her front as if she was nothing but a ragdoll. He lifted her hips up and sank easily into her pussy, quickly starting to fuck her. After a minute or two though he pulled back out and Erika felt pressure against her ass as he started to slowly push his pussy-lubed dick into her. Her eyes widened and she groaned, biting down on her bottom lip as he slowly but steadily slid into her ass. Once in, he held still for a minute enjoying the feeling and allowing her to get used to it before starting to fuck her. He started off slow but it didn't take long before she once more felt herself being hammered hard. As she felt her body being rocked back and forth with his thrusts, Erika moaned, playing with her nipples, sliding her hand down to rub her clit. 

One of her hands was pulled up and placed onto a semi-hard cock and she started stroking, doing her best to get it hard again. The guy in her ass gave a few more thrusts and then he was cumming, emptying yet another load of cum into Erika's body. As he slid out, yet another took his place and she felt her pussy being filled again. 

New guy started fucking her and then pulled her up towards him so that she was sitting on his lap. After a second or two she felt another body behind her, a guy below her, and felt herself being lowered down until another cock was pressing at her ass and sliding in. She felt herself rocked forward and back, taking cocks in both her pussy and ass at the same time for the first time in her life. In a daze as she was being taken, she glanced around the room, seeing what felt like a sea of naked men and women all staring at her and watching her be used like a dirty little whore. Not a few of them had their phones out, documenting the action, and she had to wonder just how many people would know about this before long. How many friends would see her naked and being gang-fucked. How many strangers would find video clips of her circulating online and masturbate to the filthy slut who was used by a party full of people. The thought, while humiliating and scary, only made her that much hotter and she threw herself deeper into her sluttyness, actively rocking her hips to fuck back against the two cocks she was impaled on. 

Erika exploded in another intense orgasm as the guys followed shortly after, both cumming hard and pumping into her. She felt herself rolled off of their softening cocks and was pulled over to a couch, bent over the side. In an orgasmic fog she barely registered a different feeling touching her pussy. Hard and big, it parted her lips and quickly sank in deep. Glancing over her shoulder Erika saw one of the girls behind her, the pink harness from the strapon she was wearing wrapped around her waist and thighs. Erika moaned and turned back forward as the girl pounded into her relentlessly. 

With no need to stop and keep herself from cumming too quickly, the girl with the strapon was able to continuously pound into Erika's pussy, spanking her ass hard as she fucked her. Erika felt herself once more being rocked back and forth like a ragdoll as someone thrust into her from behind. The strapon was bigger than any of the real cocks she'd had in her to that point and felt amazing and it didn't take long for her to feel an orgasm hit her hard. She moaned and fucked herself back harder against the fake dick as she came, expecting to feel the strapon slide out as her orgasm subsided. Rather than stop, though, the girl just kept going.

"Oh I'm not done with you yet, slut" she laughed. "If it isn't already, I'm going to take that pussy until it's sore and you can't walk. Then I'll let someone else take a turn."

Erika groaned, her pussy spasming as she took the strapon. Harder and harder it seemed the girl pounded into her, quickly bringing her to another orgasm followed shortly after by yet another. After she had cum at least 5 times on the strapon, her pussy feeling sore and her body exhausted from the orgasms, the girl finally pulled out. She walked over towards Erika's face and shoved the soaked strapon at her face. Erika obediently opened her mouth as the toy was shoved down her throat. She licked and sucked it clean of all of her juices, tasting herself on the strapon as it pumped in and out of her mouth. Finally satisfied it was clean enough, the girl pulled back leaving Erika gasping for breath as she lay limply across the arm of the couch.

As she lay getting herself composed a little, one of the guys she hadn't seen yet climbed up onto the couch in front of her. He sat legs towards her, cock standing up at attention, and just took her head, lowering it down so that she could take him into her mouth. He used her body almost like a seesaw, rocking her up and down on the arm of the couch as he controlled the pace of the blowjob she was giving. This only lasted a couple minutes though because soon she felt the strapon once more easing into her pussy. Yet again, she was pounded hard with the toy as it milked more orgasms from her poor abused pussy. She'd lost track of how many times she'd cum to that point but also suspected there would be many more to come still. 

Multiple orgasms later, the strapon was pulled out and once more brought to her mouth to be cleaned. As she took time licking and sucking her cum from the toy she felt another strapon sliding into her empty pussy as another of the girls took a turn using her. And so the next part of Erika's abuse continued, while the guys sat back and took time to recover their stamina a bit, the girls took control and started to take turns with a pair of strapons, getting in line to abuse Erika's well-fucked holes. They were rougher than the guys, holding her hips tight and really forcing the dildo deep into her as she moaned and cried out, usually while having a used toy shoved down her throat to be cleaned. The women were brutal in their use, alternately using Erika's pussy and ass and fucking her as hard as they could until they either got tired or decided to pass her off to the next in line. She continued to have one orgasm after another pulled from her increasingly worn out body but still it continued. 

After what seemed like hours of abuse at the hands of the women and their strapons, Erika was a moaning, whimpering puddle. Her pussy and ass were sore, leaking her own juices as well as the cum from the guys fucking her earlier. Her jaw was sore and all she could taste was her own pussy after cleaning every strapon that had been used there. She had cum more times than ever before in her young life and wasn't sure how many more she could endure. As she lay over the arm of the couch she saw Kaylee come close and kneel down beside her, stroking her hair and planting a kiss on her forehead. She brought a bottle of water to Erika's mouth and let her drink her fill. 

"You're doing so wonderfully, pet." Her Mistress cooed. "I'm so proud of my dirty little slut, my good little fuckdoll. I hope you're enjoying yourself, because there's still so much more to come!" 

Kaylee gave Erika another kiss on the forehead and stood, swatting her subs ass and then going back to sit and watch the fun continue. Erika blinked and glanced around as Kaylee walked away and could only whimper as she saw the guys moving closer yet again, their cocks once more hard and ready to go for another round.