 Hi Everyone. This is Part 2 of my ongoing story of Erika submitting to her Mistress Kaylee, in which the party is getting ready to begin. You could probably read this part without having read the first if you wanted, but what fun is that? :) I'm new to posting here so please feel free to comment and send any feedback. I'd love to hear what people think! I have another chapter of this series already done and will be doing a fourth at least and maybe more depending where the story goes and what people think. All characters are over 18. 

*****

Erika sat in the bedroom for what felt like hours, rubbing and fingering her by then soaked pussy, feeling the wetness running down between her legs and coating her fingers. She wanted so badly to cum but knew that she wasn't allowed. And so she just waited and played and listened to the doorbell ringing and people gathering in the living room, growing increasingly nervous but also more and more excited. She could hear the party growing and wondered just how many people Kaylee had invited. All she could do, though, was sit and wait, and continue to rub her aching pussy. 

Finally, Erika heard the bedroom door slowly opening and Kaylee came stepped in. She looked Erika over and grinned.

"Well look at you my horny little bunny, don't you look all worked up and needy. I bet that pussy is just begging to be used." 

All Erika could do was moan and nod and then nod again when Kaylee asked if she was ready. She took Erika's hand and led her on rubbery legs out of the bedroom to the living room. 

As Erika glanced nervously around the room, Kaylee introduced her, saying "As promised everyone, this is Bunny. No that's not her real name but you don't need to know her real one. And feel free to call her whatever you'd like...slut, whore, bitch, whatever! Anyway, Bunny here is going to be our entertainment for the night. Please feel free to make use of her however you wish. We've discussed the rules ahead of time so you're all familiar with what is and isn't allowed and I expect you to follow them." 

Erika could feel every pair of eyes on her and knew how much of a slut she must look to everyone. Mostly naked, nipples poking through her thin top and obvious wetness dripping down her inner thighs. She practically screamed sex. 

The room was set up with all the chairs and couches arranged in a big circle, leaving a big empty space in the center of the room, which Erika assumed to be her 'stage'. There were 14 people there, not including Kaylee...8 guys and 6 girls, all of them around Erika's age give or take a couple years and all sitting facing the center of the room. All conversation had stopped when she came in and everybody just sat watching expectantly.

Kaylee led a nervous Erika to the center of the circle and left her there as she went to sit down. Erika stood still, knowing what she was expected to do but for a minute unable to get her body to actually move. She was feeling nervous and somewhat self-conscious with everybody watching but also extremely turned on. She finally took in a deep breath and forced herself to move, starting to slowly dance to the music that someone had started. Erika tried to dance as sexy and seductively as possible, swaying her hips to the music, running her hands up and down her body. She let myself forget about all the eyes on her and just focused on the music, her body, her dancing. She continued to dance for a couple songs, still in her skirt and top, moving around the center of the room and touching herself through my clothes as she got more into her role and lost her nervousness. Knowing what was expected, as another song started Erika hooked her fingers under the bottom of the top and pulled it slowly up and off, tossing it to the side. 

The top really hadn't covered much to begin with but having it off still left Erika feeling very exposed as well as even more excited. She was really getting into it all by that point, feeling bolder, sluttier, hornier. She slowly moved around the room, dancing to the music, sliding her hands up to squeeze her boobs together and tug on her nipples. As Erika danced there was more and more conversation going on around the room, some cheering, some comments about her body and her dancing...things like 'shake that ass' 'nice tits' 'lets see that pussy' 'what a hot fucking slut'. Every leer, every comment, every eye staring at her just served to get her hotter and hotter, sinking deeper into her inner slut.

Erika kept moving and as another song started, slid her hands down, undid her skirt, and let it slowly slip down her legs to her ankles. She grinned and kicked it off toward Kaylee who caught it and smiled back at her pet. Standing, now completely naked in front of everyone Erika once more continued to dance. She felt exhilarated, excited, totally sexy and slutty...moving around the room, dancing, feeling everyone watching her, feeling their eyes roaming over every inch of her now fully exposed body. She knew they thought she was a slut, a toy, just a horny little plaything and in her mind that's exactly what she was right then. 

Erika slid her hands up and down, squeezing her boobs and playing with her nipples some more, then slipping down and cupping her soaked pussy She slid a finger up along her slit then up to her mouth to suck it clean before reaching around and giving her ass a hard spank that left a faint red handprint for everyone to see. She was loving it, loving the feeling of everybody watching her and seeing her naked, loving how totally slutty and dirty and sexy she felt. 

Erika started to move around the room then, getting closer to everybody and giving her first lapdances. She'd never stripped and never seen an actual strip show so she tried her best to be the good stripper, to do what felt right and what she'd seen on TV and movies. She bent over at the waist, shaking her ass and giving a great view from behind, of both her pussy and ass. She played with her boobs and pushed them up into people's faces as she sat on their laps and ground her pussy and ass onto them. 

Erika knew enough about stripping from TV and movies to know that in general the guys weren't allowed to touch the dancers. That rule clearly didn't apply in this case at all, though. Erika had hands all over her body as she danced on people and moved over their laps. Both the guys and girls were touching her all over, molesting her, groping her. Her boobs were being constantly played with, her nipples pinched and twisted over and over until they were sore, with more than one person bending to suck and bite them as well. Her ass was repeatedly squeezed and spanked hard until it was glowing pink and hot to the touch, with some making Erika stand bent over spreading her own ass and exposing herself just so they could get a closeup view of her asshole and pussy as they caressed and squeezed her. Her dripping pussy was also not ignored, with it being groped and fingered by one person after another. Through it all she was incredibly horny and soaking wet, her pussy leaking down her thighs and leaving wet spots on peoples' pants as she ground against their laps. Fingers that found their way into her pussy to fuck her were then brought up to her mouth to be sucked clean. 

Erika looped her way all around the room a couple times, making stops on everyone's laps as she was fondled, groped and toyed with. Through it all though she was never allowed to cum. She would be played with by someone, brought right up to the edge, and then they would stop and move their attention to her boobs or ass to keep her from going over the edge. 

A lot of people stayed in their seats as Erika made her way around, watching the action and shouting out encouragement and comments. Some got up, moving around to get a better view, start conversations with other people, or to grab more to drink or something to eat. To Erika, one of the most humiliating moments to that point may have been when she found herself bent over at the waist in front of one of the women, hands back spreading her ass with one while frantically rubbing her pussy with the other, all while the woman casually rubbed her ass and chatted with the guy sitting next to her. 

Erika had lost all concept of time, had no idea just how long it had been since she had first started stripping for the group. She was in a complete daze of hornyness, sluttyness, and submission, moving around as she was toyed with over and over again. Finally she felt someone take her hand and looked up to see Kaylee smiling at her as she led Erika back to the center of the room and instructed her to lie down on the floor. She gave Erika a pillow to place under her head and told her to lay with her legs spread wide. 

Kaylee went to a side table and opened a bag bringing out a huge black rubber dildo and bringing it over to hand to Erika.

"Ok slut, time for the next part of the show!" Her Mistress smiled. "I want you to shove that monster deep into that needy little pussy and start fucking yourself hard. We want to see how much you want it, how slutty you are. Remember though, you are not permitted to cum yet, pet."

Erika moaned as she plunged the large toy deep into her needy, soaked pussy. It felt so good as she pushed it all the way in and in no time she was pumping it quickly in and out, fucking herself hard and completely oblivious to the crowd all around watching her abuse herself. She quickly built up close to orgasm and had to slow down, biting her lip and forcing herself not to cum, holding back even though she wanted it so badly. As the feeling of impending orgasm subsided though, she was right back at it, working the dildo in and out, her loud moans and the wet sounds of her pussy filled the room as everyone sat back to sip their drinks and watch the poor little slut.

Eventually, after bringing herself close to the edge multiple times Erika heard Kaylee announce that she was going to draw names for the first 5 people and realized that her body was about to be raffled off. She continued to fuck herself harder as Kaylee drew the first name from a hat, a guy named Ed. She followed that by picking 4 more names, then coming over and taking the dildo from Erika's hands. 

"Good girl, you're doing great. So far I think everyone's been very pleased with what a good slut you're being." Kaylee said. "Now be a good little bunny and suck this dildo clean for us since you got it all messy."

Erika got up onto her knees and moved towards Kaylee, who was holding the dildo out for her. She opened her mouth wide and took the toy all the way in, sucking, licking, and slurping on it as if it were the real thing, making sure to get it completely clean. 

"Mm...very good girl," Kaylee purred as she finally pulled the dildo away from Erika's mouth. "Now then, congratulations Ed on being lucky number one! The slut is all yours."

Ed stood and thanked Kaylee and then stared down at his prize. Erika looked up at him, seeing the big grin on his face and waited to be taken for the first time, hoping that she might finally be allowed to cum.