 I certainly never thought I'd be writing the story of how I found myself in a threesome. But here I am, dying to share the story, so let me give you a little background. 

My name's Brianna. I'm a junior in college, and have been going with Alex for just over a year now. I'm attractive, 5'8", blonde, fit, but most certainly not 'girly' - I never get my nails done, I've always preferred hanging out with 'the guys' to a girls' night out, and I most certainly don't like shopping.

But Alex has been such a sweetheart lately, and our anniversary was coming up, so I decided to surprise him, making a trip to Victoria's Secret and picking out a little something special for his enjoyment the next time we spent the night together. I can't stress enough how out of character this was for me - I'd much rather find myself at the sports bar, or even, believe it or not, in the library studying, than at a lingerie shop. But here I was, on a Saturday afternoon at the mall, browsing through teddies.

Just when I'm about to call it quits, grabbing something off the rack and heading for the checkstand, I hear a voice behind me.

"How are you doing today, can I help you with anything?"

I wheeled around to see a young woman, probably about my age, with a very friendly look on her face, obviously eager to help, or at least to earn her commission on the overpriced item I was clutching. She was just a bit shorter and curvier than me, with long red hair and beautiful green eyes.

"I think I've found what I'm looking for, thanks." I hated to be so cold, but I was eager to get the heck out of there and get on with my day.

"Would you like me to set up a fitting room for you?" Ever persistent, she continued, "It's really worth trying things on, you know. Most women out there are wearing the wrong size bra!"

"Um, OK, but this has always been my size before?"

"Trust me, it's worth it. Follow me, let me give you a fitting."

Oh, alright, I thought to myself as I followed her into one of the fitting rooms. After all, it's not like I was in a hurry - it would be another four hours before I'd meet Alex for our night out.

Without a second thought, I pulled off my t-shirt and stood before her, and the mirror, in my bra and blue jeans. I was blessed with a great self-image, the kind that came from being fit and having a boyfriend who loved my tits and great figure. 

"See, this bra is too small for you. What size have you been wearing?"

"34B, usually."

"I think you'll end up with a 36C, believe it or not. See how the fabric is digging into your skin here," she said, touching me at the rib, just below my chest. "And the cups are barely containing you - I think you'd be much more comfortable, and your figure would be flattered, with something a bit bigger."

"Um, OK. Never really thought about it, I'll take your word for it!"

"Well, you don't have to - let me grab that size, and I'll show you what I mean!"

She stepped out of the room, returning in just a few moments with a handful of garments - the bra and matching teddy I had already picked out, presumably in a different size, as well as a couple of other bras.

"Let me show you. My name's Chelsey, by the way! Always feels awkward, locked in a little room with a stranger, trying on bras, doesn't it?" She was standing behind me as she spoke, taking each bra off its hangers.

"I'm Breanna, nice to meet you."

Her cheerful demeanor put me at ease. I expected her to ask me to unhook my bra, to hand me something to put on, but instead, she did it herself, surprising me a bit. She had me out of my old bra in just a few seconds, and I noticed her looking at my tits as she reached around me to pull on the first of the bras. Her hand grazed my nipple as she moved past, and she quickly apologized, "Ooh, I'm sorry, clumsy me!"

"No problem, I don't mind."

She pulled the cups around my tits, and fastened the clasps in the back. Looking at me in the mirror, she said, "See how your breasts fit perfectly within these cups, supported nicely but not overflowing. And you see here," her hand grazing my skin again, "how the straps are snug but not tight, not pinching your skin like you're probably used to?"

"Umm hmm, I see what you mean." She was right, I guess, I had been wearing the wrong size after all! But all I could think about was how much I enjoyed her touch on my skin. I had always been so sensitive to a touch just below my breasts, a place on my skin which seemed to be a hot button to my clit but which most men ignored in favor of, well, my actual clit.

"Let's try the bra and teddy next, see if the 36C works for you in that as well." Again, she helped me out of one bra and into another, reaching around from behind. I could feel her breath on my neck, and savored her gentle touch on my skin as she fitted me expertly. I was sure I was blushing now, and that realization made me blush even more. How inappropriate was I, getting turned on, when she was just doing her job?

Just making matters worse, Chelsey gave me her opinion on the teddy. "You know, that looks really hot. You should get on the panties too!"

"You think so? It's a surprise for my boyfriend, he'll be shocked if I wear something girly for a change!"

"Here, try them on, I've got to see the whole outfit to make an educated decision!"

I stared back at her in the mirror, still embarrassed that her touch had turned me on, and cautious to drop both my guard and my pants. But somehow, again, her calm, cheerful attitude convinced me, and I quickly stepped out of my jeans, pulled off my panties, and pulled on the red lace which matched the outfit I was considering.

I had to admit, as I looked at myself in the mirror, that I really did look hot. Actually, the two of us standing there, Chelsey standing behind me and adjusting the straps on my bra, looked hot together. I chuckled to myself as I thought of Alex and the many times he'd shared his fantasy with me, his fantasy of being with two women at the same time.

"So, did I convince you that you've been wearing the wrong size all this time?" Chelsey asked as she accompanied me to the cash register and rang me up. "You really do look hot in the size that fits you."

"Yup, I admit it! Thanks for your help, I never would have taken the time to try that stuff on if you hadn't been there."

"My pleasure, that's what I'm here for! By the way, you look really familiar to me, where do I know you from?"

"Um, I'm not sure? I'm a student at Big State?"

"Hey, me too - that must be it! Oh, I remember now - weren't you in that history course last semester, with Dr. Johnson?"

"Yes, wow, small world! So, I guess I'll see you around on campus - and thanks again for your help, I'm sure my boyfriend will thank you!

With that, I was off, back to my apartment to get ready for my date with Alex that evening. I tried on the teddy once more when I got home, and had to admit to myself once more how much Chelsey's gentle touch had turned me on. So much so, in fact, that I couldn't help but pleasure myself in the privacy of my room. Watching myself in the mirror, remembering her standing behind me in the small fitting room, I let my hands explore my body, tracing the lacy fabric and the skin beneath it, my nipples hardening and my clit pounding as I felt the warmth grow from within.

I ended up on my bed, stroking my clit with the fingers of one hand, and probing my pussy with the other, my brand new panties pushed to one side to give me better access. It was only moments until I came, exploding with pleasure after the build-up of the unexpectedly sexy situation earlier that afternoon. After reveling in my pleasure for a few moments, I quickly got up, washed my hands, and slipped my little black dress over my hot new outfit. A surprise for later. Still turned on, I headed off for my date with Alex.

I'll spare you the details of that evening, except to share that Alex loved the lingerie. Loved what I had picked out, but also just the fact that I had been willing to try it on and buy it in the first place - he knew it was out of the ordinary for me. Alex was a grad student, about 10 years older than me. I won't bore you with the long story of how we came to meet, but suffice it to say that our chemistry as a couple was great. We had very few friends in common, and our areas of study couldn't be less related, but we loved each other's company. Anyway, after a great night of sex, I was pleased with his reaction, and he was probably feeling confident he could convince me to break down a few of my other taboos.

About a week later, we were at a party just off-campus. It wasn't a drunken frat party, but it was still mostly a college crowd, mostly young 20-somethings such as myself. Alex and I did find ourselves compromising between different parties - his, gatherings at the home of his faculty adviser, and mine, like this one, just drinkin' and dancin' affairs.

On my way back to the cooler to grab a second beer, I ran into - literally - Chelsey. She had stumbled, and I caught her, before recognizing who she was. "Hey, um, Chelsey, how are you!"

"Oh, hi Brianna - didn't expect to see you here!"

"Hey, come with me, I'd like to introduce you to my boyfriend, Alex!"

"Hey, Alex," I hollered, getting his attention, "This is Chelsey, you know, the one we have to thank for my new, um, outfit!"

She blushed as Alex took her hand, shaking it with a joking formality, as if I'd just introduced him to my accountant. "Yes, indeed, you've done us a great service. If only there were something we could do to repay you!"

Chelsey and I both giggled, slightly tipsy, before Alex seized the opportunity. "Chelsey, I don't know if Brianna told you, but she was really turned on by meeting you. The night that she first wore that teddy for me, she told me all about how turned on she was by your fitting session."

"Oh, really?" Chelsey laughed as I slugged Alex gently in the shoulder. He promised he wouldn't tell anyone about that!

"Well, Alex, as you know, she has a great body. It was a turn on for me too, getting her fitted for that hot outfit. I was jealous, knowing that you'd be the recipient of her attentions that night."

"Well, there's no need for jealousy, we can share."

Chelsey and I both sobered up at this comment, realizing where Alex was headed - he was, not so subtly, hoping to talk us into a threesome. I looked at Chelsey, she looked back at me, and we silently agreed: sure, why not. His apartment was only a few minutes away. We made our way back to his car, where he instructed the two of us to make ourselves comfortable in the backseat while he drove.

As soon as we were rolling, I reached for Chelsey, grabbing her left breast in my hand and kneading it as I kissed her passionately. I knew that Alex was watching us in the rear-view mirror, and I did this all for his benefit, although I shouldn't imply that I wasn't enjoying myself. Chelsey was hot, and the memories of our brief time together the week before came rushing back - the touch of her hand, the rush of adrenaline which had come from it.

Finally, we arrived at his place, and Chelsey and I continued to kiss as we made our way into the apartment. With Alex one step ahead of us, we stripped each other as we walked towards his bedroom. He reached the bed first, and sat down, watching eagerly as we stripped down to nothing, stroking his cock as we embraced and fondled one another, two hot young chicks on display for him.

Just as I had been at our first meeting, I was overwhelmed by her touch. Alex never failed to push my buttons, but there was something about being with another woman, with her soft hands, gentle touch, and tits pressing against mine as we kissed, that brought me to an altogether different level of pleasure.

Soon, though, Alex interrupted this reverie, urging us to join him on the bed. His fully hard, erect cock was all the encouragment I needed, and I climbed on, kneeling before him and taking him into my mouth. As I began sucking him, fondling his balls in my hands as I bobbed up and down, she straddled him and sat on his face. Whether he likes it or not, I thought to myself - but obviously he did like it, grabbing her hips and pulling her down onto his tongue.

She groaned deeply as he licked repeatedly from her clit to her pussy, occasionally plunging deep inside, spreading her wide with his strong hands. I was sucking him faster and deeper now, just as he had taught me to do, taking him deep into my throat. She came powerfully, crying out as he continued to fuck my mouth.

Once she had recovered from her orgasm - by the look on her face, I judged that it was the first time she'd been eaten out properly - we switched positions, and she took over sucking his thick, hard cock. I moved behind her and began exploring her pussy, fucking her with two fingers as I licked the still-flowing juices from her pussy lips with my eager tongue. It was the first time I had tasted a woman, and I didn't want to miss a thing.

Alex watched me intently, obviously enjoying the sight of me pleasuring a woman as she pleasured him. When he began to pound fast and deep into her throat, Chelsey pulled away, perhaps not as experienced with deep-throating as I had become, perhaps just eager to feel that hard cock in her pussy. She quickly climbed on top of him and lowered herself onto his cock, moaning as he filled her.

Jealous of the attention, I shifted my position. I knew that the touch of his tongue would send me over the edge too quickly, so I gave only his fingers access to my pussy and clit, while I sucked and kneaded Chelsey's tits. She reached back towards mine, pinching my nipples firmly just as Alex plunged three fingers deep into my dripping pussy. I whimpered with pleasure, and Chelsey responded, deciding it was my turn to ride my boyfriend's huge cock.

We quickly shifted positions, and I thrust myself onto his length in one fast motion, screaming with pleasure as he filled me. Chelsey faced me, straddled my legs just as I straddled Alex, and pulled our bodies close together, pressing her chest against mine. I slowed my motions on Alex's cock, giving Chelsey the chance to join in our rhythm. He slipped a few fingers inside of her, and she pressed closer to me, our clits now touching, grinding together with each stroke.

It was in this position that we moved together, three bodies as one, slowly at first, then gradually faster, until we each approached the peak of our pleasure. Alex came first, shooting his load deep into my pussy as I rode him. Spent, he pulled out of me, but remained with his fingers buried in Chelsey, continuing to finger-fuck her as we rolled into a new position on the bed, grinding together more intensely now than before.

We came together, my pussy still throbbing from Alex's cock, hers being pounded by several of his fingers, and our ever-so-sensitive clits stimulating each other. Alex took great pleasure in lapping up our juices with his tongue as we exploded on the bed next to him, obviously proud of his accomplishment in bringing two hot young woman together.

After we'd all had the chance to catch our breath, Alex said calmly, "So, what do you say we do this again sometime?"

"It would be my pleasure," I said, "if Chelsey's up for it?"

"Oh, yeah. And now that I know Brianna's size, I'll come prepared with something sexy for both of us."