 First off, I'm not really an aspiring author. But I do like to read and I have read several interesting stories lately that got me thinking about sharing some of my adventurous moments in life. Generally I am fairly conservative when I am near home, but since I travel a lot for work, I sometimes take advantage of the fact that I likely won't run into people I know in case I do something crazy. An example of this behavior is going to topless and nude beaches when I travel abroad. If my mother knew I did these things she would have a stroke.

I do have a spontaneous streak in me where I am willing to just go for it without too much thinking. Sometimes that works out well for me, and sometimes it doesn't pay off. It is also at odds with my upbringing in a conservative small Midwestern town. But maybe that is why I subconsciously try to shed my upbringing and be adventurous when the moment arises.

You might think I am a slut after reading this. All I can say is I have the same thought sometimes after contemplating what I have done. I'm not always proud of some of my choices, but at the same time I am still mostly glad I had the experience. So here is one of my adventures from not that long ago...

I recently had a stressful few weeks where I was working 12 to 16 hour days to get a high profile project completed at work. It was Thursday of my third and final week of hell and I finally had the energy to go to the gym. I got off work late as usual at around 9pm and rushed home to get a quick bite to eat and a change of clothes. I wasn't working on Friday, so I didn't care how late I was up. I just wanted to work out and get rid of my stress.

To give you a picture of me, I am five feet five inches tall with sandy blonde wavy hair that extends about six inches below my shoulders, blue eyes, and I have a nice tan in the summer months. Oh, and in case you were wondering, I weigh about 124 pounds and my bra size is 34B. I would say most guys think I am cute and I have never had a problem getting interest from men. In fact, sometimes it is quite annoying the amount of attention I get and I would rather be less interesting to the opposite sex.

The gym I go to is pretty big. It's never full at the times I go and I never have to wait for the equipment I want. The gym is also open all night which is really convenient for people like me who often work late. I got to the gym around 11 PM and changed into my workout clothes in the locker room. I put on my usual outfit of a sports bra and tank top with shorts and my cross trainers.

When I headed out of the women's locker room I noticed there weren't too many people left. I think there were a couple women and maybe ten guys. I quickly made my way to the elliptical machine and set my favorite program for 30 minutes. The machines faced a wall so I couldn't really watch anybody unless they were beside me so I tuned into a television show and plugged in my mp3 player. I watched the TV without sound and I began my workout. 

It was nice to work up a sweat and listen to music while forgetting about work. When the program I set on the elliptical machine ended, I moved on to some weight machines. I usually don't work too long on weights but since it had been about a month since I had been to the gym, I spent about 45 minutes working muscles that had not been used since the last time I was here. It felt good to push myself which also helped me forget about my day.

I have to admit I'm a bit self-conscious and I tend to look around to see if anyone is watching me. I'm in pretty good shape and get a lot of complements on my looks from both men and women. At the gym I usually find guys, and sometimes women, checking me out when I work out. Tonight was no different. The two women didn't really pay much attention to me, but a couple guys said hello and I noticed a few others look my way occasionally. That always makes me feel good, but I really wasn't looking to pick up somebody from the gym. After I finished with the weights, I went to the treadmill to finish up with a 15 minute run.

By this time the women had headed to the locker room and there were still about six or seven guys. I was the only woman left and it didn't surprise me since it was close to 1 AM. I didn't care that it was so late. I was still a little wound up from work and I planned to sleep in tomorrow on my day off.

The run went by quickly. It felt good to get my heart rate up again. When I finished with my run, I toweled off and wiped the machine. Next I wanted to go to the sauna. The pool was closed, but the gym kept the sauna's open all night. I went back to the locker room and took off my clothes. I was the only one there as the women must have already showered and left, unless they were in the sauna.

I quickly rinsed off my body in the shower with some cool water, and then I wrapped myself in a towel. Unfortunately I was in such a rush to leave the house I forgot to pack my own towel, so I used the gym towel. These weren't as big as my towel and it barely covered me. I headed out of the backside of the locker room to the pool area and saunas. The women's sauna was in the back away from the pool and right outside the women's locker room while the men's sauna was closer to the pool and their locker room.

Being this late I didn't see anyone around which made me happy. I just wanted to relax and close my eyes for a while and enjoy the warmth in peace. I opened the door to the sauna and was pleased the room was empty. 

The sauna has wide cedar benches all around with three levels. The floor and ceiling is also made of cedar. It's actually quite large and is meant to handle a lot of women since the gym is so large. To the right, along the same wall as you enter, there is a sauna heater and a pail of water to create steam if desired. The glass door was frosted to ensure privacy. It really was kind of private, especially this late at night.

I walked forward and I took a seat on the lowest level of the back wall and leaned back facing the door. The thought had crossed my mind that I could possibly get away with being nude tonight given that all the women had left. I briefly considered taking my towel off and laying it on the bench for me to lie on, but I decided to sit first and see how I felt about that risk in a few minutes. 

My gym towel was just big enough to cover me. I had it knotted under my right arm and the top of the towel cut across the lower part of my breasts with the bottom coming about half way down my thighs. I felt tightly squeezed into the towel, so I loosened it to make it more comfortable and let a little air get inside.

I closed my eyes and relaxed. The warmth felt really nice and I began to think of what I would do on my day off on Friday. I thought about sleeping in late, making a late breakfast, and then heading out to do some shopping that was long overdue. I also thought about laying out and working on my tan a little and getting back into the book I had been reading before I starting working so many hours. I thought about making my whole weekend like this and just recharging myself.

Suddenly I was startled when the door opened. I looked up to see four nice looking young guys probably in their 20s enter the sauna. They were talking kind of loudly and were equally startled by me. The first guy who entered apologized for startling me and introduced himself as Josh. 

"I'm so sorry for startling you," Josh said. The other guys who entered behind Josh, and almost ran into him when he stopped, slid around each side of him. "This is Dave, Rich, and Robert," Josh said as he pointed. Each guy said hello.

"Hello, I'm Katie," I said. "Why are you in the women's sauna?" I said smiling and with a curious, almost angry look. I expected them to be fully embarrassed for entering the wrong sauna, kind of like mistakenly entering the women's bathroom. I've seen a few embarrassed men do 180s and high tail it out as soon as they realized their mistake.

Josh looked surprised by my question. "Well this is the only sauna as far as I know. The old men's sauna is under construction so this sauna is being used by both sexes. The gym posted this policy about a month ago. I think it's going to be this way for a few months. I was in here last week with men and women."

Bewildered by this news, I responded. "Sorry, I haven't been here in a month. I had no idea." There wasn't much else I could say. I was enjoying my peace and quiet, and now I was listening to their conversation as they sat down around me. Dave and Rich sat on either side of me about five feet away while Robert sat above me at the top level and to my left a little. Josh sat on the lower level on the wall to my left. Each had a towel wrapped around their waste.

The first thing I noticed about these guys was how nice their bodies were and how well-groomed they looked. Each of them had defined chest muscles, muscular looking arms, and they were very fit, but not overly done like gym rats. None of them had any chest hair or any tattoos. They seemed to be well educated too and continued their conversation as though I wasn't there. 

I tried closing my eyes again and I occasionally opened them slightly and saw Josh looking over at me once in a while. He was checking me out. I tried harder to keep my eyes closed, but after a few minutes I realized that relaxing wasn't going to work. I opened my eyes and looked toward Josh. "I'm sorry, we are bothering you," he said as he saw me look at him.

"No, not at all," I lied. Josh smiled and looked a little relieved. He then asked me what I did for work and I told him I was involved in pharmaceutical sales.

"That's interesting," Josh said. "Robert and I are pre-med students. I suppose one day we will be meeting some cute pharmaceutical sales reps." 

I smiled. Was he saying I was cute, or that the eventual sales reps would be cute? I pondered that sentence and then Dave and Rich started talking about a sales rep one of them had dated.

"I went to a party with pharmaceutical sales reps once. Jennifer brought me along. The place was full of cute women. That must be mostly what they hire since they can get the attention of the doctors," Dave said.

It's true that there are a lot of cute women in that occupation and there are men too. Implying the job is only given to cute women is not only wrong, it is sexist. There actually is a lot of technical information that needs to be understood to do that job well and we aren't selling our bodies. It was a sexist remark but I let it go.

"Jennifer was hot", Rich replied. "With the stories you would tell about your sex lives, I can't believe you guys broke up."

"The sex was fantastic, but we just had different personalities."

"Well I really miss those stories," Rich continued. That blow job on the beach story made me really jealous. Michelle would never consider doing something like that. And that blow job in the movie theater is another thing that will never happen to me." 

"You still have time," Dave said laughing. You aren't with Michelle any longer so all you need to do is find an adventurous woman. But don't just focus on me. You remember Robert in the dorms with Vanessa. He used to pound her almost every night. I've never had sex as much as him."

"Hey wait a minute now," Robert chimed in. "Let's not dig into my sex life in front of the lady."

"You're right," Josh said looking at me. "Sorry about that. I think we forgot we weren't alone," Josh said as he gave Rich a look. Josh paused after I smiled back at him, and then he asked, "Are women as crude as men talking about sex?" After another brief pause without me responding, Josh added, "You don't have to answer that." He looked embarrassed.

"We talk about it," I said. "Maybe not as graphically as men, but certainly a beach or theater story would definitely peak my interest if it had been my friend." The men laughed and Josh seemed relieved that I spoke.

"I once had a girlfriend in high school and she tried to give me a blow job in a theater," Josh continued as he focused his attention back toward Rich. "She stopped when some people came in late and sat in our row. Another time she did it in the car outside her parent's house and I was freaked the whole time thinking her dad was going to peak through the curtains and see just me in the car with a smile on my face." All of us laughed.

Rich jumped in and said, "Robert, what was that girl's name in college that you dated sophomore year? I remember you telling me she wanted you to titty-fuck her almost every night. She had really big tits."

"That was Saundra," Robert replied. "She did have big tits and the woman couldn't keep her mouth off of me. I had one class with her and she would pass me notes in class telling me how much she wanted to suck my dick. It was really hard to concentrate and I blame her for not getting an A in that class." There was more laughter by the guys. I might have rolled my eyes but tried to keep a straight face.

"Well I bet it was easy to bury the pipe in those tits. My girlfriend at the time had virtually no tits and when we tried it once it was hopeless," Rich said.

Dave responded, "Michelle had tits. Didn't you ever try it with her?"

"Yes, we did it a couple times. She just wasn't that much into that or oral."

"My experience is that you need c-cups to do it well," Josh said. "Linda liked it sometimes and she was a C."

Without thinking, I immediately responded. "I don't think you need a c-cup to do it." 

There was sudden silence as all of the guys turned toward me. I noticed they were focused on my chest trying to undress me with their eyes and guess my cup size. I was immediately self-conscious and realized I was showing a lot of cleavage.

I wear a b-cup bra normally. I say normally because I wear a c-cup in one brand of bra that I buy, but my other brands are b-cup. So I guess I am a big b-cup. My breasts are pretty firm and it helps when I hold them together around my guy, but it works.

Each guy then started apologizing. "Sorry, that was too graphical," Josh said. "I guess you must be a b-cup then?"

"Uh huh," I said.

"And she must have been titty-fucked," Rich said laughing. "I'm sorry! I couldn't help it." The other guys laughed a little but still didn't remove their attention from my chest.

After they finished laughing at Rich, I said, "Uh huh, if you must know." I think I saw Josh's jaw drop as I said that and he stared more intently at my chest trying to undress me.

"That's awesome," Rich said. I looked at him amused. "Have you given a blow job in a theater?" Rich followed up.

Josh interrupted, "Wait a minute. You don't have to answer that."

I couldn't believe how quickly the conversation changed toward quizzing me. "It's ok," I lied again. "Yes, I have done it in a theater."

"Cool!" Rich responded. "And you didn't worry about being caught?"

"I worried a little, but it was dark and we were near the back and in the seats on the side."

"Dave said, "So did you ever receive while you were in a theater?"

"That would have been too hard to do, but he did use his fingers and I gave hand jobs a few times."

"Yeah, we did that too," Dave said.

"Damn I need to get a girlfriend," Rich said. "So have you done anything else in public?"

I thought for a couple seconds. "In a car and in a park."

"What?" Robert said. "I mean, what did you do, if you don't mind me asking?"

"I've given blow jobs and hand jobs in the car, and blow jobs in the park."

"I guess this was at night?" Josh asked.

"No, I did it during the day. In the car I've done it while we were moving and while parked, and in the park we were in a fairly secluded place."

"Holy shit," Rich said. "I don't think I could keep the car on the road if you were blowing me while I was driving. Oh shit, I mean if a girl were blowing me while I was driving. Sorry."

I laughed. Rich was funny and definitely needed a girlfriend. I thought I would tease him with my response. "He was able to keep it on the road and got better at it after I did it several times. You just need practice," I said.

"Oh my God," Rich said as I saw him staring at my cleavage and then my legs. I looked at him more closely and saw a tent forming with his towel.

Josh broke the ice. "Ok, this is an incredible opportunity to learn from the opposite sex, so I have to ask. Well I really don't have to ask, but I'm going to anyway. Do girls like giving blow jobs? What about swallowing? Do girls talk about that?"

I thought for a moment about it being time to leave, but this was kind of fun for now. It was like I was passing on some secret information that they couldn't get themselves. "Some like it and some don't I suppose. I can't tell you percentages. I have friends that have confided they like it. As for swallowing, I haven't really talked about that since high school. Some friends wanted to know what it was like and we talked about it."

Rich's tent was getting taller. His towel knot had come undone and I could see the side of his upper thigh appearing. I looked at Josh and his eyes were glued to me.

To my right, Dave asked, "So what about you?"

I turned my head toward Dave. "Do I like giving blow jobs? I asked.

"Yeah," Dave said.

"That's kind of personal, but sure," I said. I glanced quickly at Dave's lap and saw the outline of his penis under his towel. It seemed big, but it wasn't standing up like Rich.

"What about swallowing?" Robert asked. 

I paused and thought about my answer before I spoke. These questions were getting a lot more personal. It was strange talking about it so openly with a bunch of guys. Even talking about it with girls was a little weird. But I was intrigued as to how immature this conversation could get and decided to continue. 

"I swallow," I said while turning my head back to the left and looking up at Robert. I hadn't really looked at Robert very closely until now. He was a very attractive black man. He was tall and looked athletic. His upper body was shiny with a little perspiration from the heat and I saw that he had his legs spread fairly wide. Under his loosely wrapped towel I could see the end of his penis hanging between his legs. It must have been long to be visible. I tried not to stare and I turned my eyes away quickly when he focused on my gaze.

"Oh my God," Rich said. 

I began to think I was giving them too much information. It was a fun little game though and the devil in me enjoyed making them squirm.

"Robert replied looking at Dave and then Rich, "I've never been with a girl who spit or wouldn't go down on me." I looked back up at him and his right leg seemed to be leaning even more to the right and exposing himself underneath the towel. I glanced again at the end of his long penis and then back up at his face. I wasn't sure if he knew he was exposed or not.

"I have," Josh said. He stood up and moved to the opposite wall to check the temperature and then returned to the middle of the floor facing all of us. His towel was tied in a knot on his right side and his hand was on top of the knot like he was trying to make sure it stayed in place. I could see his penis poking at the towel and I think he saw me look at it. "It's usually hotter than this," he said while using his left hand to stretch out the towel in front of him so that it wasn't as easy to see his erect penis underneath poking at the fabric.

It was hot enough for me. I felt some perspiration trickle down between my breasts and I looked down to see the shine on my skin. My knot was also a bit looser than before but I didn't want to adjust it in front of the guys. I kept my right arm pinned to my side to ensure my knot didn't come undone.

Rich stood up and his towel began to slip. He caught it in time but I did get quite a view of his right ass cheek. He sat back down a little closer to me and bunched the towel on top of him and left it untied. The entire outside of his right leg was exposed. This helped conceal his erection but he was also more exposed. I looked over his body while he was focused on arranging his towel and noticed how cute his face was. His body was also shiny like mine with light perspiration and it made his muscles seem to stand out more so than before.
