 Six a.m. I awoke with a raging piss hard but was having trouble talking myself into getting out of bed. Gina's warm soft butt was pressing into it. I wondered how deeply she was sleeping. This was probably not an FDA approved move, but I slipped down and licked her lovely slit. Her insides were really slippery from the night before and that wetness flowed out helping me prepare her for what I had in mind. Her taste was strong, exciting and delightful. I straightened up behind her again. I looked at my piss-assisted dick. Like a silly youngster, I said to myself, "Looking Goooooood!" and slipped it slowly into Gina. My push met no resistance and quickly my stomach was tight against the cheeks of her ass.

If Gina was awake, she did not show it. I pushed her head even farther away from me and then grabbed her hips, a hand on each side. I thrust gently in and out of her almost too slippery sleeve. Had her legs not been together I probably would not have been able to cum. But cum I did. She still gave no indication of being awake. I was still rock hard and resisting getting up when I felt myself pee a little into her. Quickly, I got up and went to the bathroom. I had to sit on the toilet to get my dick pointed down enough even to pee in spurts. I kept thinking of how lovely it would have been just to have laid there and relieved myself completely inside Gina. 

I had showered and was shaving, when Gina stumbled naked into the bathroom. I got only a quick hug and a peck before her main purpose was apparent. She sat and fizzled loudly. When I looked at her, she said, "I really had to go." As she wiped herself dry, she added, "I'm a little sore this morning."

As macho as I felt, I had to admit, "Me too."

Dressed and ready for the day, I wandered back into the bathroom just as Gina stepped out of the shower, drying off. I was watching her every wonderful move. She caught me looking and could plainly see I loved her more than life its self. I swallowed hard, smiled broadly and said, "Don't worry, Beautiful, I won't say it." She just turned and continued getting ready. 

"I have to go on to work. Yoni is coming over to have breakfast with you."

Gina turned, "That's good, I have to find out what she gave us. You need medical attention. We are both sore. We were definitely out of control. I think she overdosed us." Gina pressed her nude body into me and kissed me goodbye with enough heat and tongue that my sore dick complained when blood rushed into it.

"Give me just a little time to get medical attention and I'll gladly offer myself to you as your personal human sexual sacrifice."

"It will probably be better for me if I keep you alive. I got some new ideas last night."

I groaned in mock complaint.

Yoni was knocking on the door. I had to get to work; I had a new project as of last night. Besides my back did hurt and in this climate it was probably already infected. I would let one of the Doctors check me out and laugh at what had obviously happened. "Eat your heart out Doc."

At work, I made several calls. I called my oldest and dearest friend, a banker in Dallas, and asked him to visit me in Albai as soon as he could; I called Prince Tulan's secretary and asked for an appointment with the Prince for personal reasons; I called the most discrete Doctor I had for a personal appointment that afternoon.

My discrete appointment turned into a laughing matter, all at my expense. After my initial exam from the doctor, she left and returned with several other doctors and senior medical staff. They all looked at my back and tried to keep from laughing. The doctor came forward looking very stern and holding a large pack of forms. "Mr. Carter you have obviously been sexually abused and we have to report such things. I need to ask you some questions."

I went along with this while my back was treated. I was asked, "Does this happen often?" "Did you make a video, this time?" "Were any other important parts damaged in the struggle?"

With that question, it was time to put my shirt on and reclaim some dignity.

The doc said, "Tell Gina to cut her nails closer next time."

"How did you know it was Gina?"

"Yoni's hands are smaller, she trims her nails and, had she drunk what she gave Gina, she would have bit you many times."

I left with my head down, mumbling, "How come everyone knows what's going on around here except me?" There was wonderful, naughty, warm, female laughter behind me.

Over the next week, I spent two days hiding out and preparing for my meeting with the Prince. We had our meeting; I was lucky again. I would be richer; I got what I wanted but I was not happy. 

George Taylor arrived from Dallas; we had some meetings in my office where I gave him my revised Revocable Living Trust and investment instructions. We also had three meetings while walking in the dessert sands, I was happy about those.

Tomorrow night was going to be Tray's and Yoni's big night. Tinba was a good crook. She had done her part and she had arranged an early dinner in my bedroom with Trey and Yoni. Tinba had Gina working with her in town for three days helping orphaned little children.

"Trey are you and Yoni still sure you want to risk this?"

"More than ever Mr. Carter." I looked over at Yoni, she added, "Whatever happens."

"Can both of you do exactly as I say and trust me with your lives every step of the way?"

Both Trey and Yoni nodded.

"OK. You both will not leave this room until tomorrow night. Then you will dress as two nuns from Dallas, Texas. Your passports and papers will show that you are here solely to pick up the twins and return, taking them to their new adoptive parents. You are booked on a regular commercial flight that leaves at eleven p.m. No one will check you or the twins.

In Texas, a friend of mine will meet you at the gate. He has a place for you to stay. He will open checking and savings accounts for you. You will have a "maid" for a while. She is responsible for getting you settled and teaching you American ways. You will find some are good and some are not so good. Just have fun. You'll be learning how to drive a car, answer telephones, pay bills and just be free. To keep him out of trouble, Trey will develop skills and get a job.

My friend will meet with you often, call you to check on you and arrange for people to help you. For example: In a few months, if you want to buy a house, you will be helped every step of the way."

My hot impractical Yoni was now thinking like a mom. "We don't have money. All this will take a long time. How will we afford all this?"

"What happened to trust me? You, Trey and the twins will be fine. Just listen to the advice you are given. You have plenty of money."

Dinner was a silent affair for me. Yoni and Trey talked but were too awe struck to say much. Over coffee, all that changed, when Yoni spoke up, she was crying.

"Dave, Trey and I do not own anything of value. We want to thank you with the only skills and gifts we have, our bodies. Please, don't say anything. Just be with us tonight."

My eyes filled with tears, I was full of trepidation. The gift seemed excessive and I did not feel worthy of it. "You do not have to do that. You are in love with each other. You don't need an old man in the middle of that love. I love you both and just want to know you are happy together."

Trey spoke up, "We know all that. Please let us say thank you the only way we know how."

"I would be honored. Let me get cleaned up first."

Trey again, "No, that is some of our part." Trey took one of my hands; Yoni the other; their hands looked so small in mine.

My shower was a six foot by six foot tiled affair with four shower heads and a built in full width seat. Trey and Yoni undressed me next to the shower while the water ran. They were naked with me but I never saw them undress.

Yoni pushed me into the shower and said, "Keep your eyes closed." I was bathed by four hands and two circling bodies. Several times Yoni pulled me over and French Kissed me. Except for her kisses, I was never sure whose hands were soaping me, whose body was brushing into me or whose mouth sucked my nipples, kissed my neck or nuzzled my ass.

The touches were gentle, knowing and exciting. Any reluctance was melting away. That bothered me. I had never been touched by a man or touched one in a sexual manner. But which touch was male and which was female? The negative thoughts vanished when realized I could not tell.

I could feel my cock hard and throbbing. A mouth closed over it and a tongue licked searching for any pre-cum that had not been washed away. The hands on my body kept moving around and around. A mouth closed over my cock again. Was it the same mouth? I didn't care any more.

As the bodies danced around me in the splashing water, I reached out and encountered hair then no hair, female breast and then male breasts but I kept my eyes closed and my head began to swim. I told them, "I want to touch, too."

The water shut off and hands filled with fluffy soft towels began to dry me. My ass cheeks were parted and I was kissed between them. My balls were patted dry, sucked and dried again. My not so sensitive nipples were nibbled and bit, both at once. I was urged to raise my arms high and water was licked from my armpits, down my sides. I was led to sit down on a towel covering the shower's seat. Each leg was kissed and dried in time with the other. My toes were kissed and nibbled. Then four hands began to lightly rub oil my body. The oil warmed and tingled.

Yoni said, "Dave, please stand up for us." I stood, opened my eyes and watched two totally sexual creatures take a hand each and lead me to the bed. Never had I felt more special or cared for.

Yoni directed me to lay face down on the bed. As I did Trey gently held and directed my hard cock so it would not be bent as I lay down. The dance of four hands and two bodies began again.

I was spread eagle; Yoni sat near my shoulder straddling my right arm. I felt her pussy glide over my arm as she reached out and rubbed my back and neck. Trey sat straddling my left leg. His balls dragged back and forth over my thigh as he rubbed my lower back, cheeks and thighs. 

As if there was some musical chair queue, they shifted. Trey now over my left arm. My eyes were closed but were toward him. As he reached across me his dick would brush the side of my face and I could smell his clean male flesh. Yoni sat on my leg and pushed up, opening my ass cheeks. She kissed and licked. I had to keep reminding myself to breathe. Her tongue flicked and tickled making my dick throb. There was no doubt; she could make me cum doing that. But she was only teasing.

Twice more they shifted. I was leaking all over the sheet. Someone said, "Turn over, Dave."

Yoni on one side, Trey on the other, four hands began to rub my neck, chest and arms. My nipples were twisted lightly, licked and teeth raked gently over them. Each nipple was being nursed and a hand from each side slipped to caress my stomach, explored my belly button and slid past my dick to tease the insides of my thighs. Without being touched my cock bounced rhythmically. I would cum soon.

Yoni faced my feet, stretched a leg across my head and settled her pussy into my mouth. My tongue met her hungrily to lick her wetness and taste her. Trey faced Yoni, straddling my hips. He rubbed my nipples and settled his dick and balls onto mine. Yoni reached out and squeezed our cocks together and leaned forward taking both into her mouth at once. She began to rub Trey and me up and down. Jacking us off as one cock.

Someone led my hand to help out. I rubbed all four balls and felt the base of two dicks pressed together. I knew Trey could control when he came. I vaguely thought he would time himself with me. My balls began to tighten. I felt Trey's do the same. My I.Q. dropped to zero. Nothing mattered except to cum in Yoni's sucking mouth. My cock throbbed against Trey's and my first shot of semen flooded our dicks and flowed onto Yoni's licking tongue. I felt Trey throb and shoot his hot cum over the head of my dick. Yoni began to swallow. My pulse, Trey's pulse, Yoni's swallow. Again, my pulse, Trey's pulse, Yoni's swallow. Trey and I began to wind down.

Yoni removed her mouth and lifted herself off my body. I felt lips close over mine for a tender kiss. The mouth opened and my tongue went in tasting my cum mixed with another's. My balls were being sucked and my dick did not soften. It grew larger than it had ever been.

Yoni and Trey traded places. Yoni pushed my legs up and began to lick below my balls. Her tongue ventured into my asshole, trailed up between my balls, up my dick around the head of my cock and back down again. Trey knelt over my face but made no move. My eyes were closed, the heat told me exactly where he was. All I did was slightly part my lips and he pushed into my mouth. He had softened a little and not all of his cum was gone. As I learned to suck him, he hardened and I tasted him.

Yoni was feeling neglected. She moved up and slipped her pussy over my dick and settled all the way down. She leaned back and Trey crawled forward and began to lick Yoni's clit and where my cock stretched her. I could only reach his thighs so I kissed those.

Soon I felt Yoni push Trey away. She laid her breasts flat on my chest, her knees were still wide over my hips. Trey moved behind her. I was kissing Yoni and her cunt was sucking my cock, when Trey's dick began to slip into her ass, making everything very tight. I could feel his short in and out stroke as Yoni opened allowing him deeper into her with each push. The wall separating our cocks was so thin I could feel Trey as he pushed and retreated.

I was about to loose control when Coach Yoni signaled Trey away and lifted off my begging cock. "Let me lay down. I want to feel your weight and have you fuck me."

I moved and Yoni laid down, legs wide and arms reaching for me. I buried my thankful cock again into her wonderful hot body. I needed to go slow. I was about to cum again. 

Trey was behind me now and began to rub and open the cheeks of my ass. His tongue was every bit as good as Yoni's and his finger felt strange and wonderful as it slipped into my body. He found my prostate and began a slow rotating pressure. At first this was not comfortable but soon my cock began to jump. I only felt pleasure.

The finger left when I was racing toward another climax. I was disappointed and started to ask for it back when I felt Trey touched the head of his dick to my asshole. Before I could say stop, he pushed into me and began that same slow, ever deepening in and out motion that he had used to open Yoni. The stretching fullness and slight pain was enjoyable. I said nothing. Within minutes, Trey was fucking for us all. He pushed into me, which pushed me into Yoni. Yoni was grinding her clit into the base of my cock and moaning.

Yoni's magic cunt wanted cum and began to suck, ripple and nurse to get it from me. When her cunt pulled, my ass clamped around Trey's cock and Trey would pull back enjoying the tightness. When I relaxed he would push, driving me deep into his woman.

Yoni began to roll her hips forward and did as the doc had warned me, she sunk her teeth into my shoulder and growled like a feeding lioness. I began cuming and clamping down on Trey. I felt him cum in my ass and collapse on my back. My cock wasn't finished pulsing. The pain in my shoulder was keeping me thrusting into Yoni and keeping both of us cuming. 

When she quit biting I quit throbbing inside her.

We lay together, me in the middle of the bed and slept for a while. I was vaguely aware that each of us went to the bathroom during the next few hours but mostly I was aware of how wonderful these two pixies felt snuggling against me.

About three a.m. I awoke to Trey lying on top of Yoni thrusting away. I rolled over to watch and rub them, Yoni looked at me and said, "Fuck him." I had not thought of it but now I wanted to. I got the little bottle of oil Trey had on the bedside and tried to follow exactly what he had done for me. I kissed, fingered, opened, oiled my dick, lined up against his asshole and pushed. This time I got to fuck them both. Trey was too far along and came quickly and had to stay hard while Yoni came and I finished inside him.

In the morning, we traipsed into the bathroom together for a shower. Trey stood behind me pinning my arms down while Yoni sucked me raw and twisted my balls. She administered enough pain that it took me a long time to cum but when I did I was glad Trey had a good hold on me. As I recovered, together they washed my super sensitive dick and they both rose up on their tiptoes and kissed me.

Soon they would be on their way.