 I hope you haven't grown tired of Savannah yet. She has many more adventures in store. However I will soon be submitting an area of erotica I've been hesitant to explore but the wonderful feedback I've received has encouraged to give it a shot.

Savannah's Road Trip: Journal III

April 26, 1998

Leaning back into her chair Savannah closed her eyes wearily. It had been another long week of meetings and conferences. New clients, old clients. This trip to New York, for all its frustrations, had been very productive. Her firm, dSign by DuBois, was growing in leaps and bounds. And though she played real hard in her spare time, she was equally passionate about her work. By the end of this year, she was sure she could expand westward, perhaps to Texas or Colorado.

She propped her feet up on the desk and sighed as the last of her tensions melted away. Smiling to herself she remembered the wonderful activities of the night before. She'd met a married couple at a restaurant, and not long into their conversation she'd discovered, to her delight, that they were swingers. She hadn't slept at all last night, but had felt refreshed after a long night of uninhibited sex with her new friends. She was still a little sore; the man had been huge! A knock at the office door roused her from her reminiscing.

"Enter" she commanded. The manager of the New York branch entered and she could see the tired slump to his shoulders. "You look as wiped as I feel, Dave. Have a seat." She indicated the ergonomically designed chair (by dSign by DuBois, of course). Dave sat across from her and he smiled gratefully.

"Thanks, Savannah." She stood up and made her way to the wet bar in the corner. His eyes slitted as they watched the gentle sway of lush hips encased in tight leather. His boss was very sexy, yet very smart. The combination was an aphrodisiac to his tired senses; he could feel his dick harden. He shifted in his seat and hoped it would go unnoticed. As sexy as his boss was he didn't want to jeopardize his job. She paused at his side and handed him a drink. Her eyes reflexively flickered downward and a secret smile played at her mouth as she observed his erection. She continued to her desk but instead of sitting in her chair she sat on the edge of the desk facing him. The leather skirt climbed an inch up her thigh to just above her knees. His eyes followed her legs as one crossed over the other. Savannah licked the rim of her glass and took a swallow.

"So, Dave, are you still seeing Angel?"

"Uh, uhm, yeah," he croaked.

"So that's working for you then?" Savannah toed off her shoes and rubbed one calf through the sheer stockings. The movement caused her skirt to hike another inch, and he could just barely make out the garters on her upper thighs.

"Yeah, it's working." His gaze became unfocused as she shifted yet again; this time it was her leg swinging back and forth, mesmerizing Dave. The skirt climbed higher and now the garter ties were exposed. Her golden skin mocked his erection; come get me if you dare. Standing up slowly, he made his way next to her at the desk, settling against the hard surface. Simultaneously they looked down and observed his erection making a bold statement through his trousers. Savannah reached over with one hand and laid it on the bulge. At his gasp she grinned at him and then pulled his zipper down ever so slowly.

"Stop me any time you feel uncomfortable." Softly she angled her head and licked first his upper, then lower, lip; she traced a path around and around, finally slipping her tongue into the warm cavern of his mouth. His hand held her mouth steady on him as they rubbed tongues. Moving in front of him she finished undoing his pants and then peeled them down his legs. Kneeling in front of him she briefly admired his proportions, and then took him in her mouth. In amazement he watched as she engulfed the entire length and thickness of his dick. 

"God, yes," he moaned and grabbed her head in his hands. His head fell back, his eyes closed. Her mouth bobbed on him, her tongue making swirling patterns along the shaft. One hand came up and squeezed his balls gently and rolled them in her palm. His hips began thrusting at her mouth, forcing him deeper and deeper into her throat. His balls began tingling and tightening up and he was sure he was about to explode. Her mouth was incredibly warm and moist. His boss definitely knew what she was about! 

Just then the door crashed open; his "holy shit" echoed Savannah's own sentiments. It was his girlfriend, Angel. Her face was etched in shock and surprise as she observed the scene before her. Savanna thought briefly of saying it wasn't what it looked like, but dismissed the idea. It WAS obviously what it looked like. Dave, with his pants around his ankles, and Savannah, his dick in her hand, still glistening wet from her mouth.

Angel walked toward them and stepped to the side of them. Her arms crossed, her foot tapped impatiently on the carpet. "Well, well, well, what do we have here? I see you two are hard at work."

Savannah stumbled to her feet and began making profuse apologies.

"Enough, Savannah dear. Your apologies mean nothing. Unless of course," she paused.....then grinned wickedly. "Unless, you are going to apologize to Dave for leaving him hanging, so to speak."

Startled at the unexpected turn of events Dave could only stare at Angel in amazement. Savannah, always ready to take advantage of a golden opportunity, wasted no further time. After removing her clothes she kneeled before him once again and devoured his dick. Near her she heard the rustling of clothes being removed and paused to watch as Angel walked to one end of the desk and wiped everything off to the floor. Standing up Savannah maneuvered Dave as best she could to lie length-wise on the desk. Generously, Savannah straddled Dave's face so that Angel could fuck him first. 

She watched, fascinated, as his cock disappeared between Angel's thighs. Her pussy closed tightly around him and Dave could only lie there and wonder at his luck. Angel rose and fell on him, fast and slow, side to side, back and forth. She braced her hands on his thighs behind her, which caused her breasts to thrust upward. Savannah eyed the jiggling globes with rapt attention. Below Dave's tongue and teeth teased her swollen flesh; Savannah jerked above him. She pushed her pussy more firmly on his face needing that tongue to fuck her. He seemed to know just how to probe her, and the speed she needed. The orgasm, as brief as it was, was intense and blinding. Her breasts bounced as she mashed her pussy onto his face further. Climbing off Angel motioned for them to switch positions.

Eagerly Savannah impaled herself on Dave, moaning her delight at the absolute fullness of his dick buried in her pussy. Though still sore from last night's escapades, and no doubt would be raw as hell after this little romp, Savannah none-the-less continued grinding away on Dave. His hands guided her hips into a frenzied pace while Angel sat on his face. His tongue dived in, swirling around inside her pussy, licking the outer rim, and then diving back in again. Her thighs squeezed tighter around his face and she moaned as her climax hit. 

Angel shouted her encouragement to Dave and Savannah; "Fuck your slutty boss, Dave. Fuck that bitch 'til she can't move."

Dave did just that, now holding Savannah's hips as he pummeled her cunt from below. Savannah allowed her head to fall back as that wonderful rod continued fucking her raw. Angel walked over to her and leaning forward took one hard nipple into her mouth, sucking strongly on the nub as Savannah fucked her boyfriend. She could never have imagined such a sight being so exciting to her. But when she'd walked in not but ten minutes ago and saw Dave's dick disappearing into Savannah's hot mouth it was the first thing that came to mine; seeing Savannah's pussy split wide open by Dave's cock. 

And there they were, the three of them, cavorting wildly on Savannah's desk. Angel grabbed Savannah's other breast and twisted the other nipple until Savannah screamed in release. She suckled at Savannah's breasts feverishly, loving the feel of the hard little berries in her mouth, and Savannah's hands urging her closer. She reached down and inserted a finger into her sopping cunt, ready to cum again.

Dave's hips began jerking uncontrollably signaling his rapidly approaching climax. Savannah dismounted and she and Angel lowered their heads just as he erupted. Sticky hot cum landed across their cheekbones and into their waiting mouths. Together they licked him clean, and then each other. Savannah's tongue traced over Angel's face licking up every last drop of globby white cum and Angel more than eagerly returned the favor. Finally their tongues met and tangled as they share Dave's taste between them. 

Bemused, Savannah stood back and eyed her friends, awed by Angel's generosity. Grinning hugely, Dave could only marvel that his greatest fantasy had become reality. And Angel wondered allowed, "Don't you think we'd be more comfortable in a bed?"

*

How adventurous! Stay tuned for the next Sultry Savannah, and a clue to the identity of Savannah's mystery lover. And keep watching for more Road Trip Journals.....next stop......Smalltown, USA.......where everybody does......uh....knows everybody!