 I want to thank my editor, SlaveGirl70, for her fantastic edits. I appreciate everyone's comments and suggestions. I think you might enjoy reading my others as well.

If you like this story, please provide positive feedback, and I will write more.

----

I walked in Taboo Restaurant on Palm Beach Island. Taboo is a throwback from the past. I am pretty sure nothing has changed from the 1950s, including many of the patrons. It is located on Worth Avenue, the elegant boutique shopping street on Palm Beach.

As I walked past the bar toward the back, I spotted a few regulars. Sidney, the 75-year-old bar letch, had cornered an attractive mature woman. "Oh God," I thought to myself, "that looks painful."

Sidney moved to Palm Beach from someplace in New Jersey last year. He was the "bar bore." I am sure Sidney had money, but likely not as much as he always bragged about. I remember getting stuck next to him a few months earlier. Sidney told me that he once owned a couple of restaurants in NYC. He divorced his wife, moved to Florida, and started tormenting and the ladies on Palm Beach Island.

As I passed the attractive mature blond, she gave me a pitiful look, and her eyes followed me as I walked down the bar. I remembered seeing her at Taboo before. She was married to a much older man. She must have been in her 50s, attractive for her age, and wearing an engagement ring with an enormous solitary diamond. I had never spoken to her or her husband, who must have been in his mid-70s, but had sat near them at the bar on a couple occasions. I did not notice her husband in the room. Maybe he was meeting her there. Not soon enough I thought, as I was reminded about Sidney's wandering hands which got him slapped on at least one occasion.

I found an empty seat near the back end of the bar.

Billy, one of the bartenders, greeted me. "Hello, Steve. The usual?"

"Yes. That would be perfect," I replied. The 'usual' was a Johnny Walker Black on the rocks with water 'back.' 

"Looks busy tonight," I said, as I scanned the bar area.

"Well, you know... it's the season," he filled my glass with Scotch.

"Is Trump in town?" I asked, taking my first slip.

"No. I think he left yesterday," Billy said as he filled my second glass with ice water.

"Billy, can we get two more martinis?" said an older grey-haired woman to my left, pointing to her and her husband's empty glasses.

Billy hurried away to service his other customers.

I started watching the TV over the bar. Apparently, some Congressman had been caught banging an underage page in his office. I watched the closed caption as he was speaking to reporters, "She told me she was 18, and in any case, it was totally consensual." I chuckled to myself, "Another one bites the dust."

At that moment, Billy came over to me. "I have a message for you," he said, handing me a folded cocktail napkin.

I unfolded it and read the two words with the four exclamation points. "SAVE ME!!!!" Was all it said. 

I gave Billy a puzzled look and asked, "Who is this note from?"

Billy smiled and said, "Barbara."

"Barbara who?" I continued.

"I'm not sure about her last name, but she's sitting at the other end of the bar, next to Sidney." 

Billy said this with a little laugh and shrug, "Poor girl." He shook his head.

"Oh God! Didn't she know better?" I asked.

"Actually, she came in first and was saving a seat when smooth Sidney came in. He forced himself down on the chair next to her. She had no chance. A deer in the headlights," Billy laughed. "What does the note say?"

"She wants to be rescued," I said and swallowed my scotch down. "Billy, keep my tab open. I will be moving to the high top." I pointed to a table for two behind me that was being vacated by a couple. "Hold it for me, will you?"

Billy nodded as he returned to make another drink.

"Ok, now to save a damsel in distress," I thought, as I walked down the bar toward Sidney and his victim.

"Tact, this will require tact." I thought, briefly imagining hitting Sidney over the head with a beer bottle. "No, definitely more tact than that," I mused again to myself.

As I walked by Sidney and Barbara, I feigned surprise, "Barbara, I must have missed you when I came in." 

I gave her a peck on the check. I had interrupted Sidney in mid-diatribe, and he gave me the evil eye.

"Barbara, you promised to tell me about Wellesley, my youngest is getting her college application ready and I know you have friends on the admissions committee," I lied.

At first, I caught Barbara by surprise. She just stared at me for a few seconds and then finally picked up on my ploy. "Oh yes, Wellesley. I'm so sorry I haven't called you sooner, I've just been swamped."

Sidney continued to give me the 'eye of death,' and I continued, "She needs to submit her application in a couple days." Turning to Sidney, I nodded and looked him in the eye, "Sidney, I need some immediate help from Barbara, I am sure you don't mind." I reached for Barbara's hand, which she quickly took.

Sidney, shocked and disappointed that his prey was about to take flight, opened his mouth to say something, but before he could get anything out, I added, "I knew you would understand." In the same breath, I called to Billy, who was watching the drama from a safe distance, "Please transfer Barbara's tab to my table."

Barbara stood up, waved to Sidney and left with me toward my new table at the back of the bar.

I pulled out the chair so Barbara could sit down and then took the seat opposite her. Billy must have anticipated my success, as the waitress delivered a new glass of scotch to my table just as we sat.

"What are you drinking?" I asked Barbara.

"Not enough," she smiled at me and turned to the waitress. "A vodka martini, Kettle One, very dry please."

I stole a glance down the bar. Sidney had not let this setback deter him. He moved two seats down, now bending the ear of an attractive black woman in her early twenties.

"It looks like Sidney has a new victim," I said and slipped my scotch and set my glass back down on the table.

Barbara turned quickly around to see the young woman, looking uncomfortable and staring at her watch.

"God, that was horrible," Barbara said as she picked up my drink and took a large sip. She visibly shuddered. "He is creepy."

"Yes," I agreed, "but mostly harmless."

"Mostly?" Barbara asked.

"Never," I paused, "Never leave the bar at the same time with Sidney. He will follow you to the car and try to stick his tongue down your throat."

Barbara shook and took another drink from my scotch and added, "I will remember that."

We both laughed, and she offered her hand and said, "My name is Barbara."

I laughed and said, "Yes, I just learned that. My name is Steve."

We shook hands across the table. "Where is your husband?" I inquired.

"Oh, Tom. He is on some golfing trip out west with some of the boys."

Barbara's martini arrived, and she took the drink and raised her glass to me. "To my hero," she exclaimed.

I raised my half-empty glass to return the toast, "My pleasure."

We touched glasses, and she took a long drink of her martini.

As she did so, I noticed her lovely blue eyes. She was wearing a beautiful white summer dress that showed her ample cleavage. She was wearing a heavy gold necklace and had on a pair of stunning, large solitary diamond earrings. Her perfume was subtle and exotic. I noticed familiar notes of coffee, sweet vanilla, and mint. It was familiar to me. Opium. Yes, that was it. Black Opium. A prior girlfriend had worn that perfume, but it smelled a little different on Barbara. It brought back some great memories.

"Billy told me that you were meeting someone here, I just assumed it was your husband," as I removed my subtle gaze from Barbara's chest to her eyes. 

She noticed my change in focus and smiled back at me, "I am meeting my sister here. She just flew in from New York," She glanced at her iPhone screen, "She should be here any minute."

After taking another sip from her martini and using her tongue to slide an olive down the long toothpick, close her lips around it, chew it slowly and swallow, Barbara leaned forward over the table and said quietly, "I am glad you are here tonight Steve. I have seen you at the bar before, and you are always polite and friendly to everyone. Attractive. Are you married?"

"Wow, that was direct!" I thought.

"No, happily divorced for three years now." I toasted the air with my scotch.

"Oh, was it a difficult..." Just then, Barbara's phone rang. "Sorry, Steve. I need to take this," and Barbara stood up and left the table as she started talking into her phone. 

She turned away from me so I couldn't hear her conversation. She headed to the front door as she continued to speak on the phone. 

I turned my attention back to Sidney and his new quarry. The attractive black woman was desperately trying to get her bill from the bartender. Clearly, she'd had enough of Sidney as well.

I was focused on the TV, and I missed Barbara coming back to the table. Next to her was a petite, thin woman with long straight back hair. She was in her thirties and had on tinted sunglasses that partially shielded her eyes. She had her right arm holding Barbara's bent arm near the elbow. In her other hand was a long cane which she as now in the process of collapsing. Barbara's sister was blind.

"Steve, this is my sister, Carol," Barbara said gesturing to her sister.

I left my chair to stand and reached out my hand to shake her hand, "Hello Carol, my name is Steve." I realized that my experience with visually impaired people left me wholly inadequate for this interaction as my hand reached for empty air.

Barbara smoothly guided Carol's hand into mine and grasped my hand delicately. I sensed Carol was nervous and a bit unsure.

"Please, take my seat," I offered, and Barbara helped to guide her sister into the chair. I stood between these two very different women. Barbara blond, more mature and buxom. While Carol was shorter, dark black hair, thin with a small chest.

"Can I get you a drink, Carol?" I asked.

"I really don't drink very much. Maybe a glass of white wine," Carol mused.

"Steve just saved me from a fate worse than death," Barbara joked while sipping her martini.

"How so?" Carol asked with a shy smile. She had lovely lips and was quite cute in a reserved, shy way.

"Do you remember Phil Walsh?" Barbara added and purposely caressed Carol's arm with her hand.

Carol pulled her arm away from her sister and laughed. "Oh, do I! That man was horrible."

"Well, our new friend Steve saved me from the local Palm Beach version."

"My pleasure," I bowed, forgetting the gesture would be lost on Carol. Again, my inexperience with blind people demonstrated itself.

The conversation eventually became less awkward. Carol was a professional interpreter specializing in Russian and Lithuanian. She was also an accomplished pianist, although the loss of her vision at an early age limited her ability to play in all but solo situations. She was 20 years younger than Barbara, and I could tell that Barbara was quite protective of her. I noticed that Carol's fragrance was different than Barbara's; more floral, but still very subtle. I could not identify it.

Barbara ordered another martini and Carol sipped on her wine. 

I ordered some appetizers from the menu, while we continued to talk. Both women were great conversationalists and very interesting. Barbara had been a model in LA and had studied architecture at the University of Chicago and in Paris. Carol studied languages at Boston University and minored in botany.

Barbara consumed two more martinis and was starting to slur her words slightly. Carol ordered one more glass of white wine but only drank a sip from the glass.

I didn't want to be rude, but I knew I had an early meeting to go to the next morning, so I glanced at my watch. It was now approaching 10 pm.

"It is getting late," I said. "I'd better call it a night."

"Oh, so early?" Barbara complained.

"I have an early meeting tomorrow," I sighed.

"OK. Can you walk us out?" Barbara added in a whisper, "We need to get past Sidney."

"OK," I chuckled. "I will be your bodyguard.

I noticed that Carol now quickly drank the wine she had been nursing most of the evening.

I paid the bill, and we walked together from the bar. Carol, holding one arm and Barbara the other. Fortunately, Barbara had taken a cab over. She was in no state to drive. When we got to the street, I noticed a taxi on the curb and signaled it for a pickup.

"I was very nice meeting both of you," I said as I helped the two ladies into the rear seat of the cab. I was about to close the door when Barbara said, "Steve, please come back with us for a nightcap."

Now I'd had a few drinks myself and was trying to assess the situation.

"Carol, convince Steve to join us for one quick drink," Barbara implored her little sister.

Carol, who was closest to me, sensed my location from the direction of my voice and reached out and gently touched my thigh. "Steve, would you please join us for a drink?"

I touched Carol's hand, and she grasped mine and gave it a reassuring squeeze.

"OK, but just one," I said and entered the cab next to Carol.

It was crowded in the back seat with three people. Barbara, wearing black high heels with red bottoms, crossed her shapely legs. Carol had flat sandals, which I am sure made it easier to walk. Carol had black pants on that hid her legs. I wonder what she would look like in a dress.

Ten minutes later, we pulled into Barbara's condo building. It was the Watermark condos right on the intercoastal. We emerged from the cab, and I paid the driver. We once again walked carefully into the building arm in arm. Carol in the middle.

The doorman opened the doors, and we made our way through the beautiful lobby to the elevators.

Barbara used her security fob and pressed the top floor button. We stayed silent the entire way to the front door of her condo.

Barbara opened the front door and staggered slightly as we entered the foyer, I immediately noticed the beautiful marble floors covered with lovely oriental carpets. They were modern silk designs, tastefully done. We entered a large living room with a seating area centered around a solid modern glass and stainless coffee table. The lighting was low, and the view was terrific as it overlooked the intercoastal, North Palm Beach, and the ocean.

"Wow, this is amazing," I said, taking in the panoramic view.

"What would you like to drink, Steve?" Barbara asked. "Please sit down and make yourself comfortable."

I sat down on the sizeable deep sofa, while Carol continued to stand with Barbara.

"I better stay with scotch. Switching now would not be a good idea," I replied.

"I think we can handle that," Barbara replied. "Carol, can you help me for a second?"

Barbara led Carol into an adjoining room and returned by herself a few minutes later.

"Sorry Steve, I need to help Carol. She is unfamiliar with the layout of this condo."

Barbara went to a dry bar in the corner and pulled out a bottle and a glass and brought it over to the coffee table and set it down. It was a bottle of Laphroaig 25-year-old single malt scotch. 

"Is this OK?" she asked, showing me the bottle.

"OK?" I stuttered. "This is amazing." 

This was probably a $500 bottle of scotch.

"You might want to save this for a special occasion," I sighed.

"This is a special occasion," Barbara said with a smile and filled my glass.

"Carol just came through a terrible marriage. Her husband was abusive, physically and mentally. Her divorce was final today, so we're celebrating."

I didn't know what to say. 

"I am so sorry," I finally said, and Barbara pushed a finger to my lips to shush me. She sat next to me on the sofa.

"Steve, you are a really nice guy, and I am so glad you were at Taboo tonight," with that she leaned over and kissed me on the lips, briefly and softly. Her perfume filled my nostrils, and great memories of my old girlfriend again flooded my mind.

She leaned over to whisper in my ear. "You were my hero, and you definitely need a reward," and she licked my earlobe and blew into my ear. That immediately made me excited. I was about ready to kiss her again when she pulled slowly away.

"Wait," she whispered. "I'll be right back," she got off the sofa, adjusted her dress, and went into the room that she had taken Carol into.

My head was spinning. I thought I must be dreaming. I took a drink of the scotch. This was incredible. I was savoring the taste and the smell of the scotch mixing with Barbara's perfume. I closed my eyes to think when I heard someone entering the room. I opened my eyes and turned toward the sound. I was shocked to see Carol in a sheer negligee. It was black, and slightly open in the front exposing her small pert breasts. Her nipples were erect. She was barefoot and had thin, yet muscular legs. She had a tiny black thong barely covering her pussy.

There was no expression on her face; she was staring straight ahead. She asked "Steve, are you disappointed?"

"Oh, God no," I whispered in a hushed voice.

Her face brightened into a smile, and she made a slow turn, showing off the back of her thong, hidden by the crack of her nice tight ass.

"Can you help me to the couch?" she asked, and I stood up and touched her hand. She squeezed it and brought it to her lips to kiss it.

I kissed her cheek softly and directed her carefully back to the sofa. I sat down next to her and touched and kissed her forehead. Slowly I moved, kissing down her neck, up again, and then back up to her lips. I kissed her slowly. She opened her mouth, and our tongues touched, slowly at first and then with more urgency and passion. I put my hand behind her neck and felt her long thick hair. She melted into my arms as I pulled her into my kiss. My left hand moved down her right breast and her small hard nipple. I squeezed it gently, and she gave me a satisfying tiny moan.

I broke our kiss and looked at her lovely innocent face.

"Oh god," she whispered, "It's been so long. So very long."

She used both her hands on my neck and pulled me back to her waiting lips. Her tongue darting in and out, exploring my mouth. I move my left hand down and inside the black sheer covering that now separated on both sides, exposing her small breasts. I soon ran my kisses down her neck and continued to her breasts and nipples. She had the chest of a young teenager, and I found that oddly exciting. I circled her areolae with my tongue, first the left and then the right. She shuttered again and arched her head back. She shook her long silky hair, and I felt it ripple over the back of my hand on her back. 

"Yes, yes, yes," she chanted quietly as I flicked my tongue across her small protruding nobs.

I moved my hand down along the sides of her shapely back and to her ass. It was soft and hard at the same time. She must have been a runner; maybe on a treadmill.

"You are so wonderful," I added softly just before kissing her again on the lips.

Again, her tongue wrestled with mine, and we explored each other. I moved my hand slowly under the side string of her thong. She moved slightly giving me better access. My index finger moved slowly toward her pussy. I felt a small strip of hair above an otherwise naked pussy. 

She broke out of our long kiss, and softly purred, "Mmmmmm."

I moved my finger down to the outside of her labia, her lips were swollen and moist. Carol began to lean back further and slowly laid her back on the deep couch. She moved her right leg up to spread her legs with her foot flat on the cushion, with her left leg dangling off the couch on the floor. Carol put both her hands behind her neck and thrust her small chest up. I continued to rub her clit as she continued to coo and moan softly. I moved down the sofa so that my head was right above Carol's pussy. I used my left hand to push the black lacy panties aside while squeezing her left nipple with my right-hand fingers. I put my head into her crotch and smelled a sweet musky scent of her excitement blended with her perfume. I began to tease her with my tongue, and she further arched her back and moaned a little more loudly.
