 The warm air from her car's heater soaked the chill from her bones. It was raining, again. Savannah searched the parking complex at Boston's Logan Airport for something that wasn't too far from one of the courtesy elevators. She hadn't been able to find one on the level she needed so now she was navigating the maze of the parking structure looking for a spot. "Aha!" she exclaimed, and pulled neatly into the just-vacated slot not more than twenty feet from an elevator. Checking her watch, she saw she had nearly forty-five minutes before her friend's flight arrived. More than enough time to refresh her make-up and make her way to the gate.

Grabbing her purse and exiting the vehicle, she made sure the doors were locked and the security system activated. Behind her she heard another car door slam shut and looking over her shoulder she spied a delicious specimen of manhood strolling in her direction. Her tongue nearly falling to her chin she gave him the once over; and then looked some more. His blonde hair gleamed in the overhead lights, and the deepest, bluest eyes she'd ever seen sparkled with male heat and wickedness. His eyes took in her immobile form; used tennis-shoes, tight jeans, and tight t-shirt. Her nipples peaked in response to that heated stare, and she licked her suddenly dry lips. He came to a stop in front of her, his knowing grin causing all sorts of lustful thoughts to run unchecked in her mind.

"Hey, darlin'" he drawled. "You picking someone up, or getting set to fly out?" Savannah melted at the soft, sexual tone in his voice.

"Picking someone up. A friend."

"Hmm, a male friend?"

"No, no, a girl friend" she got out. Helplessly, Savannah stared at the growing bulge behind his jeans zipper. Sexual instinct had her reaching toward him, but she thought better of it and tried to retrieve her hand. She gasped as he grabbed her hand and placed the palm on his fly and curled her hand around the shape. He moved her hand, encouraging her exploration. Moving closer to him she did just that, rubbing him firmly through the denim of his jeans. His harsh groan echoed through the parking structure. Nervously, Savannah glanced around her checking to see that they were alone. She felt his left hand against her hip, grabbing and drawing her closer. He trapped her hand between his body and hers.

Leaning down a little, he played with her lips, flicking his tongue along the seam of her full lips until she opened her mouth in surrender with a groan. Their tongues danced against each other, twisting and turning, and then she sucked on his tongue, drawing him deeper. Pulling his mouth away from hers with a gasp, he maneuvered her around until she was half-sitting, half-leaning against the rear fender of her car. Cupping her breasts through the thin t-shirt, he plumped them so he could suck on her erect nipples. Soon, her t-shirt was wet with his ministrations, and so was her pussy.

"How adventurous are you feeling?" he asked. "Would you be willing to fuck, right here, right now? Hmm, would you darlin?" His hot voice spilled over her, and she mewed her willingness. His hands worked busily at his zipper, and then his erect dick popped into her waiting hand. She stroked his hot dick, rubbing the head with her thumb. His "oh, yeah, baby that feels so fuckin' good" encouraged her to further boldness. 

Kneeling quickly in front of him she took the full length of him into her mouth. His hand grabbed her head and helped her bobbing motions on his cock; wet slurpy sounds echoed all around them, adding to her frenzy. Not too much later he pulled her to her feet and lay her down onto the trunk of her car. Quickly he dealt with the snap and zipper of her jeans, and then pulled the material down her legs to rest at her ankles. He stroked playfully at her clit through her lacy panties and he could feel her wet pussy juice coat his fingers even through the thin material.

"Are you hot for me baby? Do you want me to stuff my cock into that wet pussy? Hmm, your wet, hot pussy? Would you like that darlin?" His erotic questions bounced around in her head, adding to her growing excitement.

"Yes, oh yes, I want you to fuck me; right now!"

Her demand exploded in his ears and he grinned wickedly as he tore the panties from her body. Spreading her knees as far as they would go, he wedged his hips between her thighs. It would be tight, but the friction would feel wonderful, he was sure. Just in time he remembered to grab a condom from his wallet, and slipped it on. It was a shame he thought to himself, for he knew the feeling of sliding into her hot flesh with no barrier between them would have felt great. He positioned his cock at her pussy lips, readying himself to surge into her heat. Savannah's head thrashed wildly about, and her hips reached up eagerly to feel him enter her.

Bracing his arms on either side of her, he slowly forged his way into her tight pussy, groaning as the muscles squeezed down on his cock. He kept his strokes slow and steady, coming to rest fully inside her with each thrust. Savannah could not prevent her moans of ecstasy from leaving her; it was so good, so wicked. Each thrust built her tension more and more. Daringly she pulled her tee shirt off and pulled down her bra so her breasts were accessible to his roving hands. Immediately his hands were on her, pinching her nipples, making her screech loudly. His hands squeezed her breasts tightly, and Savannah knew there would be marks tomorrow. His hips began pounding at her, the tight fit causing a delicious burn on her clit and her inner thighs.

He tensed over her and stopped his thrusts; Savannah noticed he was staring intently to the left. Looking over, she saw another man, watching them avidly. His eyes seemed to be focusing on her breasts, which until a few seconds ago were being wonderfully man-handled by her new friend.

"Don't stop on my account", he muttered. He walked over and started fondling her now-neglected breasts, rolling the nipples around in circles, lifting and pulling them up tight. Hesitantly, the other man began fucking her again and soon forgot all about the new guy. Savannah was overwhelmed by the whole situation and she moaned as a powerful orgasm shook her.

"Yes, oh that feels good", and no one bothered to ask 'what' specifically she was referring to. 

The second man yanked at his pants and undid them. Climbing carefully on to the car he straddled Savannah, offering his dick up to her mouth. He pistoned his cock into her mouth over and over; she nearly gagged. But she persevered and sucked him strongly with each of his thrusts, and her eyes gleamed wickedly as she watched him throw his head back in pleasure. His hands reached back and continued to play with her breasts, squeezing and plumping them. Below, the first man continued pounding into her, and she could tell by his uneven stroking that he was almost ready to cum. Squeezing as hard as she could around his cock, and at the same time sucking on the other, Savannah felt her body begin tensing once again. The trunk surface under her back was cool against her skin. But her body felt overheated, ready to self-ignite. Strong hands pulled her further down the trunk lid, until her skin and his grinded against each other with no space in between. The cock in her mouth was forced deeper down her throat, and it was enough to cause a chain reaction.

"Aaaagghhhh, fuck" roared the second man, as his hot cum rolled down her throat and spilled out the corner of her lips; there was so much of it. It tasted sooooo good, and was so hot. The first man pounded frantically away at her, and then he was groaning harshly as he came, his hands biting into her flesh. The small stinging pain was enough to send Savannah over the edge. Panting heavily, the trio lay motionless, endeavoring to catch their collective breaths.

Savannah was blown away by the encounter. And then she started to giggle as she contemplated the scene and how they must look. The two men joined in, and after a while they untangled themselves and did up pants and such, trying to appear once more presentable and at least halfway decent. Savannah was just pulling the shirt over her face when the sounds of other cars approached. Giving her two new friends pecks on the cheek, she walked over to the elevator that was just opening. Waving at them both, the doors slid closed and she sighed. Looking at her watch Savannah realized she had barely enough time to get to the gate before her friend's flight arrived. Still feeling wonderfully aroused Savannah thought that she and Kelly could find some guys to take home when they went clubbing later on, and she creamed at the possibilities.