 April 13, 1998

The beach was deserted at this time of the morning, but Savannah did not mind. A little solitude would be welcome after the past week. But she was determined to forget the stress of meetings, consultations, and supply problems. She had another week to do as she wished before she was needed in West Virginia. Being boss meant 'delegate'.

She positioned herself directly facing the rising sun. Under her pale blue wrap, she wore only a dark blue thong. Legs slightly spread for optimum exposure she settled into the sand and sighed in pleasure. The warm granules heated her flesh. She closed her eyes behind her sunglasses and drifted off to sleep.

Perhaps it was the combination of rising temperatures, warm, hot breezes, and water lapping around her feet........ Or perhaps it was the insistent pinching sensation on her nipples.... Her eyes peeked open, and a soft 'oh' shaped her lips as she observed the man sitting next to her, casually tweaking at her nubs, a wicked smirk covering his face. For a few moments, she lay there still and quiet. Her breathing hitched in the back of her throat, an uncontrolled moan escaped her lips. Soon however the dampness between her legs urged her to action.

Grabbing his hands in hers, she placed them firmly upon her breasts, indicating her desire for a more aggressive caress. Obligingly, he squeezed and plumped them in his palms, very intently studying how her nipples peaked and hardened further. Momentarily, Savannah thought to look around to make sure they were private, and then arched into his hot hands. Leaning further over her, he began to nibble her lips, teasingly, and then forcefully surging his tongue inside, to tangle with her own. His mouth ate at hers, sucking the lower lip in and rimming his tongue just inside her mouth.

They both moaned at the contact and suddenly he was pressing fully down on her prone body. His legs settled between her thighs, and she could feel the erection through his boxer-styled swim trunks. Wrapping her legs around his waist, she lifted her hips up and began grinding her thong-covered pussy against him. He chuckled darkly and pressed his hands to her hips, stilling her desperate motions.

"All in good time" he mocked her eagerness. Savannah whimpered, begged, mewed, but he refused to hurry the pace. Very slowly he unwrapped her legs from around his waist and rocked back on his knees. Hooking his fingers at the sides of her thong he slowly peeled the flimsy material away from her body. Tossing them aside he spread her fully to his gaze, taking note of the dampness coating her labia. Delicately he pulled them apart and leaning down traced a slow wet path with his tongue from the bottom of her opening up to her clitoris.

"Yesssssss oh fuck yesssss. Suck my cunt; tongue-fuck meeee, pleaseeee", Savannah entreated. Savannah lost track of time. His mouth was relentless, patient, never hurried. She wanted him to hurry it up; she needed to feel him inside her.

But he seemed perfectly content to continue his oral assault, laving her pussy, and down further toward the crack of her ass. His lips sucked her clit while his tongue busily circled the hard bud. When her orgasm rolled over and through her it was a relief; she thought that he'd surely fuck her now. But he just continued eating and licking her; through two more powerful orgasms, Savannah's pleas for mercy, even her frantic hands pulling on his hair was not enough to deter him from his mission. 

"Beautiful" he murmured. Savannah almost wept when two fingers thrust inside her. His tongue resumed its sensual torture upon her rock-hard clit while he finger-fucked her now sopping hole. Her hips rocked in unison with his thrusting fingers; her breath panted furiously as yet another orgasm hit. By this point Savannah no longer cared if he fucked her; as long as kept giving her such wonderfully intense orgasms. As she climaxed her unknown lover trailed his tongue up her body before clamping his mouth over one nipple. His fingers continuing their plunging rhythm he drew the delicate nubbin into his mouth.

Savannah screamed in agonizing pleasure. She felt his mouth trail up along her neck to her waiting mouth. Tongues twined and danced. She moved her hips restlessly, craving once again to be filled.

"I'm going to fuck you so hard, girl. This is gonna fucking rock" he predicted.

"Oh God yes, yes fuck me now" she moaned. Her hand grasped his hot flesh in her palm. She stroked him from the tip to the bottom of his shift. She could feel the blood pumping through his dick and it twitched and jumped in her hand.

"Wait, wait" he panted. He groaned, "I don't have a condom." With an impish grin, Savannah reached out and grabbed her carryall. From the front pouch she pulled a half dozen out.

"I'm always...ready" she said. Grinning hugely he plucked one out of her hand. While he was busy preparing him self she wiggled out of her wrap. For a moment he rested back on his heels, admiring her lush form, high, full breasts, and nicely spread legs. Her hands were running all over herself, massaging and rubbing. Wetness gleamed between her legs. He grabbed her around her flanks and pulled her toward him, raising her knees so her feet were planted firmly on the sand under her. Lifting her ass up he thrust into her, hard and deep, with no other preliminaries. All she could do was ride it out. Panting, she tried to reach for him but he maintained his position and rhythm, frustrating her, yet thrilling her at the same time. Sweat rolled down his face, and she watched, fascinated, as it made its way down his chest and stomach to his groin. She swiped at the drops of sweat with her finger and began manipulating her clit in slow, unhurried strokes.

Pulling out, he rolled over onto his back, jerking her over him. He pulled her head down for another brief, yet intense tangling of tongues, then thrust once more inside her. Her pussy gripped his cock tightly, contracting and releasing around it. His hands reached up and fondled her bouncing tits, stimulating the nipples into stiff peaks. He pinched and rolled the nubs until they stung but it only added to her pleasure. Her cries and moans escalated. She wanted to cum so badly, she needed to cum. She could feel the beginning spasms even now. Just as she was about to hurtle over the edge, he stopped moving.

Bewildered, she looked down at him. His teeth gritted, he slowly lifted her off of him, and rolled her over once more. "I'm a little hungry" he stated. Pulling her legs over his shoulders, he dived in. Again. Gasping at the wet surge of that tongue, she grabbed on to his head for dear life. As his tongue stroked her swollen clit and lips, four of his fingers thrust deep into her, curling up against THAT spot.

"Oooh, yes, yes, like that" she moaned. Her hips pumped and grind frantically at his tongue and fingers, and another orgasm hit. But still he continued, further increasing her arousal; relentless, determined, it went on and on. It could have been five minutes, or five hours later, before he began slowing the tempo. Savannah only knew she'd never come so much before just by being eaten out. By now, her body was completely covered in sweat. The tide had come further up the beach and water now lapped around her hips.

Tugging her to her feet, be backed her into the surf, to where the water reached her mid-thigh. Lifting her, he impaled her on his beautifully curved dick. Holding tightly onto his shoulders, she rotated her hips, grinding her pubes against him. Her ass was gripped tightly in his hands, and he controlled his thrusts to a slow, surging rhythm. In and out, back and forth, maintaining a slow pulsing pace, until she was mad with it.

"Hold tighter" he said, and lowered them until his knees touched the bottom. The water now lapped around her breasts. He increased the pace, resting his head on her shoulder, panting now with his efforts. He bit her neck, suckled there, leaving a mark. Her head thrown back, Savannah peered through her slitted eyes at his face. His concentrated efforts were having a definite effect. The shape of his cock allowed her g-spot to be tapped repeatedly inside. The climaxes surged over each other, making her mindless, but yet, she knew there was something tremendous waiting for her, if she would be patient. 

His back was to the beach, and looking over his shoulder, she observed a girl observing them. Dark hair, glowing blue eyes, she watched them in the water. Topless; Savannah licked her lips, wishing the girl were closer to them. Just then he backed out of the water, laying on his back as his legs gave out on him. Savannah rose and fell on him and still the girl watched.

Curiously, he looked back to see what had her attention, his eyes widening at their observer. But he did not stop. The girl had a hand inside her bikini bottoms, the other squeezed her breasts. Walking toward them, she paused near his head. Seeming to come to a decision, she quickly shed her bikini bottom and straddled his face. Immediately his tongue began licking her pussy. It was a pretty pink, neatly trimmed pussy. Savannah moaned watching that tongue knowing soon that the girl would be cumming as she had before.

The thought energized her and she intensified her grinding. Eyeing the girl speculatively, Savannah leaned as far forward as she could and began sucking on a nipple. The girl gasped but did not pull away. Her blue eyes fluttered shut, she moaned. He continued lapping the cunt covering his face while still thrusting up into one of the hottest twats he'd encountered in years.

"Yeah, oh yeah, lick me good" she demanded. He obliged her, stroking his tongue deep inside her pussy; Savannah obliged by swirling her tongue around the nipple. The odor drifted to Savannah, and it was enough to send her over. Before her climax was over, she had moved off of him. She took the condom off of him and began sucking and licking his dick.

The girl leaned forward and joined her, their tongues meeting around his dick. "Oh, damn, yeah oh damn" he muttered. His hips jerked up at their mouths. The other girl now had him fully engulfed in her mouth, and when her orgasm hit, her moan vibrated over his dick. His hips twitched as he erupted in her mouth. Some spilled out, and Savannah took the opportunity to assist in cleaning it all up.

The two girls hugged and kissed, pressing their bodies close together. Their breasts bounced against each other as he watched. With a wry grin he noticed his depleted soldier rising in the face of a possible repeat engagement. After some soft sighs and moans the two disentangled.

Savannah sat next to the girl and introduced herself. The girl's name was Ellie, and she was new to Florida. "Dan", said her new lover briefly. After a brief discussion they all agreed Savannah's room would be more comfortable to continue their pleasurable activities. As they made their way up the path to the hotel Savannah could only smile, thinking of what the next few days would bring. 

Hmmm, surf, sand, and sex. Stay tuned for the next Road Trip Journal, where Savannah meets some adventurous sybarites in the Big Apple.

Thank you for all the wonderful feedback I've received in recent weeks.