 It was an early morning at the start of September, when summer was beginning its slow fade. For the past fifteen-odd years, I had spent this time pulling myself out of bed and greeting a new school year with a mixture of anticipation and dread. This year I was still in bed, ad on top of that I was ravishing a cute punk girl from behind. Graduation has its perks.

Julia kept her white-knuckled hands on the headboard as I drove my cock into her. Her hair was recently dyed pink, with black bangs, and she had a new tattoo (the anarchist "A") on her shoulder. Her pussy was as tight as ever.

"Fuck me!" Julia demanded. "Harder!"

I slapped her ass and picked up the pace, pistoning my cock inside her warm slit. A bead of sweat ran down my chest.

"Is that the best you've got?" she said, looking over her shoulder to snarl at me.

I grabbed Julia by her short, brightly-coloured hair and jerked her head up. She gasped and I felt her cunt quiver around me. Unable to resist any longer, I slammed my cock home and shot my load into her.

Julia, now breathing heavily, slapped my hands away and sat on the edge of my bed. "Don't grab my hair like that."

"You seemed to like it," I said.

Julia paused, and for a moment I thought she was really about to hurt me. But she sighed, and seemed to let it go. "Thanks for the fuck, Mike," she said. "Hell of a way to wake up. Are you sure you aren't going to be late for work?"

"Nah," I said. "I've still got another twenty minutes before I have to leave. Just enough time for breakfast."

"Well," said Julia. "You'd better eat." And, in a quick motion, she slung her thighs over my head.

I almost instinctively began tonguing her lower lips. Julia and I didn't do much oral, but it was a favourite of Ellie's. I quickly discovered her true purpose, as a big glob of my cum squeezed out through her slit. I tried to squirm away, but Julia wasn't budging. In a helpless instant, my own jizz dropped down into my mouth.

I coughed and gagged. To be honest, it was kind of tasteless, but it was the principle of the thing. Julia got off me and giggled. "There. Now we're even."

I leaned over and tried to spit it out. "Even? We'd be even if you had pulled my hair too."

She rolled her eyes as she pulled on her shorts. "Oh come on Mike. I hear you swallow lots of cum these days."

I blushed. "Well, uh, it mostly doesn't end up in my mouth. And besides, that's different."

"Sure, sure," said Julia.

As we got dressed, our conversation turned to more mundane matters, like who would be doing the dishes that night. Padma's departure had thrown the whole chore wheel system out of balance. Before, you simply had to know your day of the week for certain things, but with six instead of seven it got much trickier.

"Any luck on the housemate search?" I said, pulling the nearest shirt over my head.

Julia scrunched up her face in thought. "We've got a guy coming in tonight. Name of Chris. Don't know the guy, but apparently he's part of the scene, so he might be a good fit. Did you read the application I forwarded you?"

I hadn't. The past weeks had been an education in how rigorous the screening process was for the house. Well, "picky" might have been a better term. You couldn't even get an interview without a majority vote. Apparently Padma's word had counted for a lot in getting me through the door, but no one had a referral.

"What about that friend you were talking about earlier?" I said. "Trang?"

"Trinh, and you know it," Julia said. She was right. I had just been trying to act like I hadn't watched this stranger masturbating on Julia's website. "She got a boyfriend over the summer and moved in with him. Sucks. I liked playing with her."

It was interesting to think of one of these people getting a boyfriend, or girlfriend, and settling down into a conventional monogamous life. Was that normal? Would it happen to Julia, or Simon, or someone else one day? To me?

We went up the half flight of stairs, and parted ways. Julia said something about having work to do. She made her living in her bedroom during the day, editing commercial video on her laptop. Maybe all the porn around the room was just to keep her sane.

I headed for the kitchen. Simon and Dawn were sitting at the table, both eating cereal. They looked up at me with the knowing grin I was beginning to get a bit tired of.

"You have a nice night?" said Simon, sipping his tea.

"And a nice morning?" said Dawn.

I sighed as I poured myself a bowl. The box was almost empty, so a rain of powder fell down along with the cereal. "Yes, I slept with Julia. What's the big deal?"

"No big deal," said Dawn. "But it didn't sound like you were doing much sleeping."

"And I'm sure you two were perfectly chaste last night," I said, in between bites of cereal.

Simon smiled gently. "I might have spent the night with Ellie. A very sweet woman, once you get to know her."

"Josh was out doing who knows what, so I was stuck with my vibe and a spliff," said Dawn.

"You could have come over and joined us," Simon said.

"I liked it, actually," said Dawn. "Kind of nostalgic. But I did get a craving for the real thing."

Her expression was easy to read. Dawn was done with breakfast, and was now interested in feeding an entirely different hunger.

"Don't look at me," I said. "Julia just drained my pipes." After four months of living here, I didn't even notice the frankness with which we were all talking about sex.

Dawn turned to Simon, and raised an eyebrow.

"I could use a little pick me up," he said, casual as all hell.

I was expecting the two of them to go upstairs, but instead Dawn slipped underneath the table. A second later, I heard the sound of a zipper being pulled down, and Simon began to groan.

I tried to focus on my breakfast, but all of a sudden a bowl of cereal didn't seem very interesting. I couldn't help but think about what Dawn was doing under the table. The clock was telling me that it was really time to go to work. But I kept getting these visions of Dawn's juicy lips wrapped around Simon's thick cock. And I had to see it in the flesh.

The space under the kitchen table was cramped and dark. There was just enough light to see what I wanted to: Dawn's head bobbing up and down in Simon's lap. On hands and knees, I crawled over to get a closer look.

Dawn's ponytail bounced up and down as she eagerly slid her lips down Simon's cock. She saw me looking at her, and let it out of her mouth with a pop. She offered his cock to me, and it was an offer I couldn't refuse. I took his cockhead between my lips and ran my tongue over it.

Over the past few months, sucking cock had gone from something awkward and unnerving to something comfortable and familiar. The weight of Simon's cockhead in my mouth, the bumps and grooves underneath his skin, the salty tang of his sweat were all second nature, as was taking his shaft down my throat. I slid forward until his cock hit the back of my throat. There was a different taste, this time: Dawn's saliva, hot and sweet.

I couldn't quite make out what Simon moaned above me, but it sounded appreciative. While I rolled my tongue around the head of his cock, Dawn licked at the shaft. She then shifted her head down to take his balls into her mouth. He must have been in heaven. I had often fantasized about being on the receiving end of a double blowjob like this, but giving it was proving to be almost as exciting. I knew how many people would spend their lives fantasizing about something like this, and in our household it was a routine occurrence.

Dawn's lips traveled up Simon's shaft to meet mine. We kissed, with Simon's shaft stuck in between our probing tongues. Apparently this delicate sensation was too much. With a shout, Simon came. The first jet of his cum leapt out of his glans and ran down my tongue. His second shot was reserved for Dawn, who gulped it down like nectar. She pulled it out, and the third and final rope landed right on her cleavage, staining the tank top that she was wearing. She didn't care, and kept milking his cock for all it was worth.

In something of a trance, I went to get up. I wanted to kiss Simon, give him a taste of what we had shared. But of course, I was still crouched under the table, so I banged my head.

The other two laughed for a long time. I just rubbed the back of my head and wondered when the pain would go away. Simon reached out a hand to help me out from under the table, and I felt like an idiot.

"That's the second bit of cum I've tasted this morning," I said.

Simon looked at me sideways. "Is there something I don't know about Julia?"

Fortunately, they both had other things on their mind. Dawn crawled out and stood up, and the trail of cum that ran from her lips to her chest glistened in the morning sunlight. "You've got to do me too, partner." Taking a brief moment's care to brush the bowls aside, she lay down across the kitchen table, and slipped off her shorts. The smell of wet pussy instantly filled the room.

Simon bent down and got to work, lapping at Dawn's pussy. I wanted to stay and take part in whatever was to come. I wanted to lick the cum off Dawn's chest and go to town on the beautiful breasts underneath. My cock was awakening again, ready to bury itself in whatever hole would have it. But I did, after all, have to get to work.

And so, with a napkin to the mouth and a somewhat incongruous wave, I slipped out the back door. I went through the gate out into the street, and headed towards the subway station. An ordinary commute, after a perfectly ordinary morning.

---

I sped-walk to the subway station and tried, without success, to push my way through the glut of people making their way down the station stairs. It was all in vain. The train pulled away just as I laid my eyes on it. I looked up at the clock to see when the next one would be. Ten minutes. Shit.

When I did get on the train, crammed in amongst the students and the people talking in foreign languages, it barely made it into the dark of the tunnel before it jolted to a start. A tinny voice came over the PA and begged for our patience. I joined in the chorus cursing the TTC. Well, at least I would have an actual excuse now.

Suffice to say, I was late for work. Not late-by-Alexis's-definitions, but actually late. When I got to Differance, there was a grizzled man who looked to be in his 50s at the door, smoking a cigarette.

"I'm really sorry," I said to him. "The subway broke down and—"

He waved my excuses away. "Namaste, man. It's a beautiful day."

I unlocked the door and went up the stairs. A few minutes later, the man followed. Humming some song that I couldn't quite place, he moved around the store, before finally settling at the sex toy section in the back. I opened the register and started reading Alexis's typically long list of shelves that needed to be stocked and chores that needed to be done around the store.

The white-haired man came up to the front desk with three bottles of lube and a copy of The Best Lesbian Erotica 2010. He had a conspiratorial smile. "Better safe than sorry, am I right?"

"Uh... yeah."

The man looked me up and down as I ran his lube under the price scanner. "Hey, you're a good looking dude."

"Thanks?" Was I being cruised?

"You know, me and some buds are putting a gangbang together tonight. You should see the girl we got for it. Blonde with hooters out to here." He gestured with his hands to suggest this lady's endowment.

I felt a moment of revulsion, then realized I had fairly similar plans for the night. "Um, sorry. I'm busy."

"Suit yourself, man." The man dropped his book and his lube into a shoulderbag and headed downstairs, whistling the same tune I couldn't quite place.

Outside of that strange encounter, it was a pretty quiet morning. I did all the work Alexis had left for me, and browsed through the magazines. Unfortunately, most of the visual stuff we stocked wasn't to my taste -- all skinny, hyper-masculine white lesbians. Back when my sex life had consisted mostly of porn-filled masturbation, I had sought out redheads, Asians, and women with big tits. I know, I'm a cliché. Of course, none of the women in the house really fit that profile, but I'm a lot more flexible in real life than in fantasy.

Instead, I took one of the how-to books back behind the counter with me. I was on page 49 of The Absolute Guide to Anal Sex when I heard the door downstairs swing open again.

I was surprised to see two familiar faces. It was Nina, my ex-kinda-girlfriend, and her very-much-not-ex-girlfriend. I quickly hid the book behind the counter, although I'm not sure what I was ashamed of.

Nina looked at me with a smirk. "Oh, so you work here now? I had no idea." She wasn't particularly convincing.

"Welcome to the store," I said, spreading my arms. "What can I help you with?"

She tapped her chin. "I'm looking for a strap-on. Something my girlfriend can fuck me really hard with."

"Toys are in the back," I said. I was not about to get dragged down into whatever mindfuck she had planned.

Nina stepped away, whistling. Her girlfriend -- what was her name again? -- stayed, leaning up against a rack of how-to books. I took a moment to look her up and down. She was dark-skinned, with curly black hair that fell down around her ears. She wasn't dressed to impress, but you could discern a nice figure beneath her t-shirt and shorts. And she looked surprisingly friendly.

"I thought we had made up," I said to her, in a moment of candor.

"Just between you and me," her girlfriend whispered. "I think she's not over you yet."

"Thank you, uh..."

"Jen."

"Jen. How did you and Nina meet?"

"At a bar. How else? She was really drunk and kind of frisky. I let her sleep it off on my couch, and when she woke up she was sober and really frisky."

It was hard not to imagine the two cute young women kissing, peeling each others clothes off, and doing a lot more. But I tried to steer my mind away from that.

Nina came back, carrying a harness and a big, sparkly pink dildo. She walked with up to the counter and brandished the dildo in my face. "I think this looks good. What do you say, Jen?"

"Um... not sure about the colour, but the size looks nice," she said.

"And how about you, Mike?" Nina turned to me with a searing gaze. "Do you think this is big enough for Jen to give me the hard fucking I crave? To really make me come over and over again?"

And there were the images again: Nina kneeling in bed, ass up in the air, Jen just as naked save for the strange artificial phallus, fucking her thoroughly, Nina crying out her orgasm into the bedsheets. Behind the counter, I was getting very hard.

I took the dildo out of Nina's hand and ran it through the price scanner, along with the harness. "That comes out to just about a hundred fifty."

Nina frowned, momentarily brought back to reality. "Why is this stuff so expensive?"

I shrugged. "Because people will pay for it?"

"I guess so." Nina almost winced as she scanned her card, but quickly went back to cockiness. "Thanks for the toys, Mike. Trust me, we'll have a very good time with them."

Jen, who had been trying hard not to crack up this whole time, left behind Nina with a wave and a blown kiss. I was left standing with an erection, wondering what had just happened.

---

The rest of the day was the usual routine of killing time and taking money from people who wouldn't meet my eyes. It was amazing how quickly a sex shop could become boring. Alexis came in a little after four and relieved me. I don't think we exchanged more than two words in the process.

Having not had a lunchbreak, I picked up a tasty burrito on Yonge Street, and went home on the subway just quickly enough to rush to the bathroom and deal with the after-effects of the tasty burrito. I left the downstairs bathroom in a poisonous cloud and drifted back upstairs. Dawn was lying on the couch, watching Dr. Phil.

"I thought you had work to do today," I said.

Dawn lifted her head just enough to let me sit down, then put it in my lap. "I'm brainstorming." She began to rub my crotch, and my dick sprang to hardness. There had been many afternoons where we had accompanied lazy television watching with a slow blowjob or fingerbang. But today I gently pulled her wrist away.

"Sorry," I said. "Got to save myself for tonight."

Dawn chuckled. "The big Double Fantasy? I'd like to be a fly on the wall there."

"Josh and I can schedule you in for Thursday."

"Haven't we already done that?"

I'd like to say that we watched TV entirely chastely for the next hour or two, but nothing was entirely chaste in the house -- especially not with Dawn. There was always a lick here, a groped breast there. Even in the most mundane moments, there always seemed to be a certain low-level sexual play going on.

Josh and Simon both came in a little bit after I did, followed by Ellie, carrying in Chinese takeout. She kicked off her heels, looked at me and blushed. It was really charming how she had maintained a sense of shame.

Dawn beckoned towards the sweet-smelling plastic bags. "Give me them chicken balls."

"You'll have to come to the table like a civilized person," said Ellie. "And hurry up. We have the interview at six."

"Yes ma'am," said Dawn, doing a military salute. "We wouldn't want you to be double-booked." Ellie turned a deeper shade of scarlet and hustled into the kitchen.

It took a solid minute or two to get Dawn off my lap. Once I did so, we headed to a kitchen full of people eagerly digging into dinner. I loaded up a plate with rice and sweet-and-sour pork and took my place. For once there was little conversation, only the sound of frantic chewing. This group could really work up an appetite. I had seen Josh alone polish off a whole pizza.

A ringing doorbell cut through the frenzy. Everyone froze in place. Julia's eyes darted around the room. "It's only quarter to."

"So he's early," said Simon, with a shrug. He went to answer the door. I could hear him loudly greeting someone (presumably this Chris, whose application I still hadn't looked at), but I couldn't hear any responses.

Ellie went to get up, but Julia put a hand on her shoulder. "Let's finish eating. Let him stew for a bit." And finish eating we did, at a much more methodical pace than we had before. Somehow Julia had a way of getting everyone to do what she wanted with a minimum of words. There were limits, however: Josh quickly went back to stuffing his face.

Finally, as the clock ticked over to 6:00 sharp, Julia got up and calmly pushed her chair in. The rest of us got up too, exchanging somewhat confused looks.

In the dining room, the man who would be our newest roommate sat at the table. I remembered being in the same spot just a few months ago, looking across at a row of judgmental people. This time, I took my spot among the judges. Chris looked like he had a lot more confidence than I had had, and even a kind of supernatural calm. He was a skinny man in his mid 30s, whose brown hair was just beginning to recede. He wore a tight-fitting leather jacket and what I believed were leather pants.

Julia had left files for all of us on the table, and began to leaf through hers. "So, Chris—"

"I prefer Christopher," he said.

"Christopher," said Julia, acid dripping off each syllable. "You are aware of the kind of sexual culture we encourage in this house, right?"

Christopher gave us a toothy grin. "You bet. That's why I applied."

"So, where do you see yourself fitting in here?" Julia said.

"Well, I see three very comfortable-looking places to fit in," said Christopher, chuckling to himself. "But seriously, I have several years' experience as a dom in the BDSM scene. I can be very kind if you want me to be, but very cruel if that's what you want. I can bring a woman to the heights of orgasm or the depths of pain." It sounded like something he had practiced in the mirror.
