 I was chatting on line with a guy one day about scanning some explicit pictures for him. I told him I had no problem doing them, but he would have to hand deliver them to me. He said he was awfully busy and would have his secretary bring them by. So I agreed to start on them as soon as I received them. 

About an hour later, this cute middle aged blond about 5’6" , slim, figure, but a set of tits that made you take second and third looks, with icy blue eyes showed up with the pictures, she introduced herself as Denise, and said that Larry had sent her. I took the pictures, which amounted to about 150 or so, and told her it would be a few hours and she could come back around 5pm or so. She informed me, that she had nothing to do, and if I didn’t mind she would wait. I told her it was a little boring, she said ok, and maybe she could learn a few tricks about computers while she watched. 

The first few pictures I pulled out, were of Larry standing in the middle of a room naked, a few of them were of him holding his soft cock, and a few of him hard as a rock.. I was getting hot just looking at them, and then a voice startled me, I had forgotten Denise was there, she started telling me how hot Larry was. I agreed with her and continued on with my scanning, the next few pics were of a some tits and a nice bald pussy. If I wasn’t hard enough looking at Larry’s pics, the pictures of the sweetest looking cunt I ever saw, was making my cock hurt as it needed some release. Denise continued to look over my shoulder and asked me what I thought of the pictures. I told her that they made me very horny. She smiled, satisfied because they were pics of her. I told her she was very beautiful and continued on scanning, with Denise continuing to comment on each pic of her. 

After about 30 scans, I started on pictures of her and Larry together, there were pictures of him fucking her cunt, and her ass, of Denise sucking Larry’s cock. Pics of Larry shooting cum all over her face and tits. I was so fucking hard that I started rubbing my cock through my pants. Denise saw this, and said I see the pictures have you nice and hard, I muttered yes. She asked me which ones turned me on the most, and why. I told her they all did, from looking at Larry’s cock which I wanted to suck, to looking at her beautiful cunt which I wanted to fuck. She smiled at me and asked if I really wanted to fuck her tight cunt. I again muttered yes. 

She stood up and started to strip off her clothes, I could feel the precum seeping from my cock. I quickly stripped off my clothes my 7" cock stood straight up, I started moving towards her. She said, "Whoa, slow down baby, before you can have any of this," pointing at her ass, "you have to promise me two things." 

Responding, "What, what?" She said first tell me about how you would suck Larry’s cock if he was here. And then I want you to take pictures of the both of us while we were fucking. 

I agreed and started telling her how much I liked sucking a nice hard cock, licking all around the head. Sliding it in my mouth and wrapping my tongue around its mushroom head, tasting the precum that was leaking from it. She told me to stroke my own cock while I talked to her, she wanted to see me jack my cock. 

Staring down at my cock, I started jacking and telling her I would suck on his balls, and pump his cock while I was sucking. I glanced over to where Denise was sitting, to see her sliding two fingers into her dripping wet pussy. She was moaning and telling me to keep going. I continued to describe how I would lick up and down his shaft, jerk him off, and how I would have him fuck my face like it was a hot cunt. 

I saw she was close to cumming and I started jacking my cock faster. I could feel the cum building in my balls and I told I was going to cum soon. She screamed. "No, wait!" and jumped off the chair and grabbing my cock, shoved her lips over the head and started to suck, I couldn’t take it any more and my cock started to erupt, she sucked like a fucking Hoover wind tunnel vacuum, and my cock felt like it was being massaged by a velvet glove. She held her lips locked over my cock until I had to push her away. My cock was so sensitive from the great feeling of her mouth. 

Denise got off he knees and placed her arms around my neck, I bent my head down to kiss her, and her lips parted, I slid my tongue between them. I was amazed and thrilled to find out that she had not swallowed a drop of my cum and she pushed what she had in her mouth into mine with her tongue. We both licked and swallowed the cum from both our mouths. 

She then looked down at my still hard cock and said, Okay big boy, go get that camera and come fuck me!" 

I went and got the camera, and returned to find Denise on all fours, I started snapping pictures of this hot woman, getting close ups of her ass and her wet cunt thinking how much I love these digital cams and the fact they can take 500 pics or more without an upload. I got in behind her and slowly slid my cock into her pussy. With every inch I slid into her, I snapped a picture, until my balls were slapping against her ass. Then I would take long slow strokes, snapping pictures as I did. 

Denise was softly moaning, and telling me to, "Fuck her, fucker her cunt hard! I want to feel your cock my belly!" 

The dirtier she talked the harder I plunged my cock into her. I was pumping her harder and faster, still snapping pictures, I could feel her pussy gripping my cock not wanting to let go. Suddenly she stopped and said for me to take my cock out of her gushing pussy. I was reluctant to pull out but I did. My cock was throbbing and needed to cum. Denise turned her head and looking at my still hard cock, smiled a wicked grin and told me to fuck her ass. 

"Shove your hard fuck pole in my ass...Fuck my slutty ass nice and hard baby! I want to feel your cock deep inside and your balls slapping my ass!"

My cock was still slick with Denise’s cunt juice. I placed the head of my cock against her little puckered hole grabbed her hips and pulled her ass onto my cock. She screamed, "Oh fuck, it feels so fucking good!" Each time I slammed into her ass, she would scream, "Fuck, oh Fuck!" I pounded into her for what seemed like hours but was only a few minutes. When I felt the cum in my balls start to boil, I told her I was going to cum. She instructed me to pull out and not to cum in her ass. "Shoot your cum on my tits, baby!"

So I pulled out, Denise rolled over onto her back. She looked up at me at me. I could hear her voice saying the thing over and over again, "Cum on me baby, cum all over my tits!"

I stood above her and stroked my cock a few times and the cum came flowing out of my dick like lava, covering her tits. The cum hitting Denise’s tits set her orgasm in motion. She was withering on the floor, and fucking her pussy with her fingers. I had never seen a woman cum so hard in my life. I had finished cumming and just watched her orgasm until it subsided. When she seemed to be finished, she reached up and grabbed my dick and slid her tongue all around it cleaning up all of the fuck juice from it. My cock was getting hard again, when all of a sudden there was a knock on the door. 

I quickly got up and threw on my pants and shirt, and answered the door, leaving Denise in the other room lying on her back naked. When I answered the door, there stood a distinguished looking older gentleman. He was about 5’11" with an average build. 

He put out his hand and said, "Hi, my name is Larry. I thought I would stop by and pick up the pictures if you were done." 

I was standing there in shock, not knowing what to say, I looked at my watch, and saw that 4 hours had elapsed, and I wasn’t even half done. Then it dawned on me that his secretary was in my other room naked and I just fucked the hell out of her. I was about to say something to get Larry out of my place when I heard Denise call out, "Hi Larry!"

Shit, I thought, I was going to be shot there on the spot. Larry looked at Denise and she smiled flashing her pretty blue eyes at him.

"Please don’t be mad, honey," she said. "You know how horny I get, and Edgar has such a nice big cock!" 

I looked at Larry, waiting to get my ass pummeled, but he just smiled at us and said. "I would only be mad if I can’t join in." 

Denise squealed with delight, ran and grabbing Larry, started dragging him to the other room trying to remove his clothes as they moved. By the time I got back to the room, Denise was on her back, and Larry was squatting over her face. She was licking his balls while he massaged her tits. She looked at me and with a big shit eating grin telling me come fuck her hot pussy again. I slid between her legs and her pussy just sucked my cock right in. I was fucking this hot pussy while her lover's balls were getting a tongue bath. 

Staring down into her eyes, I realized that Larry’s cock was only inches from my face. Not to be one to waste a good thing, I reached up and took his cock into my mouth and begin to suck his hard rod. I felt it grow in my mouth. Denise continued to massage his balls with her hands and tongue. She saw how much Larry was enjoying his blowjob and encouraged me on. Instructing me to suck his cock, this was just too much excitement for Larry. I could feel cock begin to throb and I knew he was going to cum. 

Denise continued with her talk egging me on, "Fuck his mouth baby! Cum down his throat! Don’t you love how he sucks your cock!" 

Larry grabbed the back of my head and held me against his body. He was cumming and cumming very hard. I didn't want to swallow and his cum started dribbling from my cock onto Denise’s face. She just moaned as she experienced another orgasm. When Larry was finished cumming he withdrew from my mouth his cock covered with my saliva and his fresh hot cum. I leaned down to kiss Denise, as she opened her mouth, I opened mine and filled her mouth once again with cum. She sucked it all from my mouth and swallowed. We rested a bit, and then continued to fuck and suck in all sorts of positions for the next few hours. We all took turns taking pictures, to add to Larry’s collection, and I also got to keep copies for myself. We promised we would get together for a weekend in the mountains at some future date, which I am looking forward to. And that will be another story. Until then, hopefully there will be some other’s that would like some help with their photos.