 Authors Note: Once again this story is written due to a reader request. I have used fictitious names and the story is based on the talking points supplied by the reader. All characters are at least 18 years or older. Due to the length of the story it will be submitted in chapters.

INTRODUCING ABIGAIL PETERS

The year was 1957 and Abigail Peters was in her 14th year of teaching high school English. Abigail was a very successful and accomplished teacher who took pride in her work. She was very focused on student development and would go out of her way to assist any struggling student. Abigail appeared on the surface to be a very sophisticated lady who was content being single and living without sex in her life. Most of her colleagues considered her to be an old maid. However nothing could be further from the truth. Lurking behind that sophisticated almost spinster like appearance was an insatiable sexual predator.

At 36 years of age, Abigail was a stunning looking woman with a curvaceous figure. Being of Scandinavian descent she had strawberry blond hair and hazel green eyes. She dressed tastefully but in a way that showed off her 36-24-36 figure. Abigail wore snug sweaters that buttoned down the front and tight tweed skirts that were cut just below her knees. She never wore makeup and she wore her long silky hair piled on her head in a twist. She always wore a string of pearls around her neck over the sweater.

Abigail was always the picture of sophistication and she seemed to have a snobbish air about her when she was at the high school. A few teachers had come on to her but she always put them off and as a result, she picked up the tag name Ice Queen. Under her tasteful but plain attire Abigail wore the finest quality undergarments and she loved the feel of them against her skin. Abigail knew that many of her male students talked about her body and on many an occasion they got boners during class. She loved watching the young men stand up and try to hide their condition as they were leaving at the end of class. Sometimes she would call on a student to answer a question when she spotted an erection in his pants. A rule in her class was that one always had to stand when called on. Abigail loved watching the boys blush as they had to stand with an obvious stiff cock outlined in their pants. The girls in the class would giggle about the boy's predicament.

Abigail lived in a cozy three bedroom Cape Cod house nestled in the woods on two acres. The property was meticulously landscaped and maintained. Abigail loved plants and flowers. She dabbled in her flower garden but she left the other work to a professional landscape company. Her home was tastefully furnished and decorated in an Early American theme and the house was always immaculate. Every Monday Abigail had a maid come in to clean the house and do the laundry. 

ABIGAIL HAS VISITORS

It was a Saturday and on that day Abigail was expecting a visit from three of her students. She had selected these three boys because of their reputation with girls and that they were all 18 years old. She knew that these boys often stared at her in class and that they often got erections from having lustful thoughts about her. That day she was dressed as she always was in class. She wore a tight fitting brown tweed skirt that was cut just below her knees. She had elected to wear a green sweater that buttoned down the front and brought out the color in her eyes. As always she wore as string of pearls over the sweater. Under her skirt and sweater she wore a bra, silk panties, stockings and a garter belt. The outfit she selected accentuated her figure and she knew that the boys would be excited when they saw her.

Richie, Jimmy and Tommy arrived at the house at 10:00 AM just as Abigail had instructed. They were there under the pretense of during some work around the property for Abigail. Richie was one of the senior studs at the high school and the word was that he had had his share of girls. Richie stood at 6'2" weighed 180 pounds and had dark hair. He was very fit and blessed with an 8" cock that was often a locker room topic. Jimmy was a handsome blonde haired boy at 6' tall and weighed 170 pounds. Jimmy was also very fit and he too had an impressive 7" cock. Tommy was also a fit 6'2" and 175 pounds along with dark hair and an above average 7" cock. It was rumored that Jimmy and Tommy knew their way around the high school girls as well.

Abigail answered the door when she heard the doorbell ring and invited the three boys into her home. They were surprised to see her dressed so formally as it did not look like she was dressed to do any work. Abigail led the three boys into the kitchen and told them to have a seat at the kitchen table. The boys looked around the house and they were impressed with the décor. Abigail offered them something to drink but they passed on the coffee or tea offer.

"Do you know why I asked you boys here today?" Abigail asked them.

"You said that you had some work for us to do," Richie replied.

"Yes, well that's what I said but what I really want to know is if you boys would like to see me naked?" 

The three teenagers were stunned and their eyes opened wide in disbelief of what they just heard. Their high and mighty English teacher just asked them if they wanted to see her naked. They had often discussed Miss Peters outside of class and kidded about how they would like to bang her. There was many a time during class that each of them would get a boner just thinking of banging her.

"I know you boys think naughty thoughts about me and that sometimes you get erections in class. So I thought that you might like to do the things with me that you think about. Would you?

Richie was the first to compose him self and speak, "Miss Peters I would love to see you naked and make it with you and I'm sure Jimmy and Tommy would too."

Jimmy and Tommy nodded enthusiastically in the affirmative. Abigail then laid out the rules that had to be followed.

"Before we begin you must agree that what happens here stays here. We all have reputations at stake. I must keep mine as a teacher and you boys do not want to do anything to jeopardize your college scholarships. Are we in agreement?"

The boys again nodded in the affirmative and it was clear that they anxious to get started. However Abigail had plans for them and she would control the action.

"Now before we begin I want to be clear about the rules. I will tell you what to do and when to do it. If you don't do as I say I will call a stop to everything and you will be sent home. Do I make myself clear?"

More anxious head nodding from the boys and then Abigail went on. "You must not get ahead of me no matter how excited you may become or I will stop where ever we are. Also while you are in my home you will call me Abigail and not Mrs. Peters. Now I think that we are ready to get started so please follow me," Abigail concluded the instructions.

The three teenage boys followed Abigail into her bedroom and as they did they watched her ass sway under the tight tweed skirt. Her calves looked great encased in the nylon hose and the boys were anxious to see the rest of her legs. Abigail had the three boys stand facing her in her bedroom and then the games began.

"Richie you may remove my necklace and place in on my dresser and then you may unbutton my sweater."

Richie carefully unclasped the pearl necklace and placed it on her dresser as he was told. Then he moved back to Abigail and with trembling hands he reached for her sweater and began to unbutton it starting with the top button. Richie couldn't believe that he was so nervous and that his hands were shaking. He had undressed plenty of high school girls and he had even become adept at unhooking the bra clasp with one hand. However now in front of his teacher he could hardly manage the buttons on her sweater. One by one Richie did manage to unbutton Abigail's sweater and it hung loosely on her. The boys stared at the first sign of bare flesh peeking through the open sweater. 

"Jimmy and Tommy you may remove my sweater and place it on the chair," Abigail said softly.

Jimmy stood on one side of his teacher and Tommy stood on the other side. They peeled the sweater down and off Abigail's arms and placed it on the chair as they were told. The three boys stood there with their tongues hanging out as they gaped at Abigail's upper body clad only in her bra. It was the first time they had ever seen cleavage on her and they knew that there were great tits under her bra. Her stomach was ironing board flat and her waist was narrow emphasizing her breasts even more.

"Richie you may take off my skirt now."

As Richie dropped to his knees his cock got caught in his trouser leg and he had to adjust his pants. Abigail smiled as she watched Richie move his erection around so that it stood straight up inside his pants. Richie then located the zipper and buttons to Abigail's skirt which were on her hip. Richie unzipped the zipper and then unbuttoned the two buttons holding the skirt waist together. The skirt was so tight that it stayed on Abigail's hips even in the unfastened state. Richie tugged the skirt down Abigail's hips as he had done so many times with high school girls. Richie stared at Abigail's beautiful legs as he lowered her skirt. It was as if a masterpiece sculpture was being unveiled. Jimmy and Tommy also stared as Abigail's legs came into view and they both rubbed their cocks through their pants. Abigail lifted one leg at a time so that Richie could remove the skirt. Then he stood up and placed the skirt on the chair. The three boys stared at the teacher turned goddess before their eyes as she stood clad only in her bra, panties, stockings and garter belt. 

"Now Jimmy and Tommy you may unhook my stockings and roll them down my legs. I want you to roll them down slowly and I want the three of you to stop rubbing your cocks in your pants. I don't want you to cum in your pants," Abigail directed.

Jimmy knelt in front of one of Abigail's legs and Tommy knelt in front of the other. On Abigail's order they unfastened the stockings from the garter belt and then they slowly rolled the nylons down her shapely legs. In doing so the boys touched her naked skin and they were so excited that they thought that they may actually cum in their pants. Once the stockings were rolled all the way down, Abigail again lifted one leg at a time so that the boys could remove her stockings completely. They placed the stockings on the chair and then face Abigail awaiting her next order. Abigail noticed that all three boys had wet stains on the front of their pants and she was sure it was their pre-cum as they were excited beyond expectations. Abigail then had Richie remove her garter belt and place it on the chair along with her other clothes.

"Tommy and Jimmy you may now remove my bra but I want you to slide it slowly down my arms and let the cups fall away from my breasts," Abigail said softly barely concealing her own excitement at this point.

With nervous hands and trembling fingers the two students unhooked the bra and slowly moved the bra straps down their teacher's arms. As the straps neared her wrists the bra cups pulled away from her breasts and Abigail's marvelous tits were bared for the boys to admire. Abigail's tits were firm and they stood out proudly from her chest. Her areoles were puffy and highlighted her nipples which at that moment were fully erect. 

"Oh my God look at those tits!" exclaimed Richie.

Tommy and Jimmy just stared at the incredible tits before them as they subconsciously continued to hold on to the bra. It was all the boys could do to keep from grabbing their teacher's incredible tits and begin sucking on them. However they remembered the rules that they had to wait until Abigail told them what to do. 

"Put my bra on the chair boys. Now Richie you may take my panties off but I want you to remove them very slowly," Abigail once again directed.

It was all Richie could do to keep from ripping the teacher's panties off. His teenage hormones were running rampant and he was dying to fuck his teacher. However he did not want to run the risk of having Abigail call an end to their session so he did as he was told. Richie hooked his fingers into the waistband of Abigail's panties and slowly pulled them down. As the panties cleared her buttocks, Jimmy and Tommy starred at her magnificent ass. It was perfectly shaped, curvy and round. Richie fastened his eyes on Abigail's pussy as he lowered her panties. When it was uncovered Richie felt his cock throb in his pants. Her pussy was beautiful with neatly trimmed strawberry blonde accenting her tantalizing prize.

"Oh man this pussy is beautiful!" Richie exclaimed in a shaky voice. 

"Richie, you have to check out her ass. It's amazing!" Tommy said.

Abigail was pleased with the boy's reaction to her stunning body. Although she had heard words like these before in previous years from other students, she never tired of hearing them again and again. Richie pulled her panties all the way down her legs and again Abigail lifted one leg at a time so that they could be removed. The boys now anxiously awaited her next instructions.

"Richie, I want you to kiss and lick my vagina. Tommy and Jimmy I want you boys to fondled my breasts and buttocks," Abigail told them using the proper words.

Richie knelt down and buried his face in Abigail's pussy and began to lick and probe her with his tongue. It was obvious that Richie had eaten pussy before and Abigail was glad that she had selected him to eat her. Tommy and Jimmy stood on either side of Abigail and they both had one of her tits and a cheek of her ass in each hand. Abigail was amused at their inexperienced hands groping her breasts and buttocks but they excited her just the Tommy. Then Tommy took one of her tits in his mouth and sucked on it and gently nibbled on an erect nipple. Jimmy watched Tommy and then Jimmy copied what his friend was doing. All the while Richie was exploring Abigail's pussy with his tongue and fingers. He nibbled on her clit and he probed her pussy with two fingers. Abigail directed Richie on how to locate her g-spot and when he did she knew that it wouldn't be long before she would cum.

Abigail felt that familiar sensation in her loins and she placed her arms around Jimmy and Tommy for support as she announced, "I'm going to cum." 

Richie grabbed Abigail by the cheeks of her ass and pulled her close to him. His tongue worked its magic on her clit and Abigail groaned loudly as he body shook in her climax. Pussy juice flooded Richie's mouth but he stayed glued to his teacher's cunt and drank every drop of her sweet nectar. Jimmy and Tommy had one arm around Abigail's waist and their other hand each held her breasts. Jimmy and Tommy twirled her eraser hard nipples in between their fingers driving Abigail wild as she orgasmed. Abigail thought that she might faint from the intensity of her crescendo but she recovered quickly and stood on her own. The three boys still had their hands all over her body as it seemed they could not get enough of her shapely form.

"That was very good boys. Now it's time for you to take off your clothes but I want you to leave your undershorts on," Abigail said in a calm voice now that she was composed again.

The three boys had their clothes off in record time and they stood in their underwear awaiting Abigail's next command. She looked at the three well endowed teenagers and smiled at the swelling in their undershorts. She called Jimmy over and then she knelt down in front of him. Abigail slowly pulled Jimmy's underwear down his legs making sure that the waistband caught on his stiff cock. Abigail loved to see the youthful erect cock spring forward as she pulled the underwear down. Jimmy's cock leaped out as his undershorts passed over it and it bobbed in front of Abigail's face. Jimmy closed his eyes and looked to the heavens as if he was praying. Abigail lifted one foot at a time as she removed the undershorts from Jimmy's body. 

Abigail then lightly ran her hand over Jimmy's lower abdomen just above his stiff cock. Jimmy's cock twitched and pulsed as tingling sensations ran through his body. Abigail knew exactly what she was doing as she teased the teenager. Then she ran her fingertips along the length of the rock hard shaft and tickled the sensitive soft mushroom head of Jimmy's cock. Jimmy groaned as his teacher toyed with him and he felt like he would cum just from her touches. Then Abigail lowered her face toward the youthful cock and ran up tongue up and down the shaft and around the overly sensitive cock head.

"I'm going to bust a nut," Jimmy cried out.

That was Abigail's cue and she covered Jimmy's cock with her mouth. Abigail was an excellent cock sucker but it didn't take much to set Jimmy off at that point. He grunted and groaned as his seed spewed into his teacher's mouth. Abigail didn't let a drop of his youthful cum escape her mouth as she swallowed every drop. None of the girls Jimmy had sex with had ever swallowed his load. Abigail milked Jimmy's cock dry as she stroked his perineum and fondled his taut ball sac. When she began to nibble on his cock head again, Jimmy couldn't take the sensations that ran through his body and he backed away from Abigail. Jimmy's cock was still hard and stiff even though he had just cum but Abigail now turned her attention to Tommy purposely leaving Richie until last. 

Abigail duplicated her routine with Tommy but he was so excited that he came in her mouth as soon as she had placed it on her cock. Both Jimmy and Tommy had cum in buckets and Abigail was pleased the volume of their youthful discharges. Now she turned her attention to Richie and she was anxious to see his big cock. Richie already had a raging hard-on when Abigail grasped the waistband of his boxer shorts and began to pull them down his legs. Just as she planned, his cock got caught in the waistband of his boxers and sprang free as the elastic passed over it. His cock dangled in front of Abigail's face and she thought again about how much she loved to watch a cock spring free as she pulled a boy's shorts down.

Richey stood by the Abigail with his erect cock standing straight out from his body. Richey was proud of his body and he stood still letting Abigail admire his cock before she made his next move. Abigail stared hungrily at his huge cock and then reached out with her hand to stroke it. She marveled at its size and compared it to the other boy's dicks. Richey sighed as she slowly masturbated him and toyed with him.

Abigail leaned forward and her tongue snaked out and lapped at Richey's ball sac lightly, then she gently licked up and down his shaft. Her tongue circled his cock head as she slowly took the head of his penis into her mouth. Her lips slid further down the shaft as she was able to take half of his cock in her mouth drawing a moan from him. They hadn't spoken a word to each other since the foreplay began. Abigail began to bob her head back and forth on his cock, sucking hard on his huge member and testing her gag line. She was able to get about six of his eight inches in her mouth. Abigail slurped loudly on Richey's dick as her soft lips glided smoothly up and down his long cock.

Richey stood rigid before the shapely Abigail as she sucked ravenously on his oversized cock. Her hand cupped his balls and gently caressed them as her tongue licked at the head of his dick each time it came out of her mouth. Richey placed his hands on the back of her head and guided her as she gave him an incredible blowjob. He loved the way she sucked his cock. She was so hot and he couldn't believe his good fortune as he watched her pretty face and sensuous mouth. Abigail kept her eyes closed with her lips snugly wrapped around his shaft as she bobbed back and forth. She was still incredibly turned on and her pussy was soaked. Abigail was so enamored with his impressive cock and she loved to suck on it. Abigail was desperate to please Richey as she had Jimmy and Tommy. Abigail wanted this to be Richey's best blow job ever and she put all her efforts into it and it did not take long to bring Richey to the edge.
