 Author's note: My special thanks again to Mign for inspiring me to write this story, and two other friends (I think you know who you are) I have met on Literotica who convinced me to take the plunge into writing. Hope you all enjoy it!

-----------------------------------------------

I was shuffling around my office the other day, thinking back to the day that Larry and Denise were here, and about all the fucking we did, the thoughts of that day even though its was about a month ago were so vivid, that my cock was getting very hard. So I sat my self down, and pulled out the photos from that day. I started thumbing through them, and unconsciously started rubbing my cock through my pants. As the pictures started getting hotter, I undid my pants and sat my ass down on the cold vinyl chair. The shock of the cold seat on my bare ass made my cock shrink a bit, but as soon as I wrapped my hand around its base and looked at another picture I was hard as a rock, and leaking pre-cum. I started stroking myself slowly as I perused the pictures, remembering how Denise's lips felt so soft around my cock, and how Larry's cock throbbed in my mouth as he was about to cum. I started stroking faster feeling the hot cum boil in my balls, the color of my cock turned from a soft pink to a very rosy as I stroked myself. My thoughts of hat day were flying through my head a mile a minute. Then the image of my spitting Larry's cum from my mouth to that of Denise's sent me over the edge. My cock erupted with a force I had not felt since the three of us had gotten together. I shot so hard that cum splattered on my far head, and it just wasn't a little bit, I was Cumming for at least a good 45 seconds. It felt like I had dumped a quart on my head, chest and arms. As I started to come down from my explosive cum, the ringing of the phone startled me. I looked at my cum, and mused "oh well no time to lick it up" and got up to answer the phone. 

It must have been a bad case of dejvue, it was Larry on the phone, I joked with him saying "I was just thinking of Denise and him" he chuckled and said "I bet I know what you were doing while you were thinking." Laughing I said yep, and the cum is running down my hand on to the phone. I then asked him what I could do for him, he said "well Denise and I are going to the mountains for the long weekend and would you like to come along" I was excited as hell to be able to spend another sex filled weekend with them. I started to say yes, but I declined stating that I did not want to interfere with there time alone. He said, "As a matter of fact that I wouldn't be intruding, I actually would be helping to keep Denise's girlfriend Donna company." 

Now I have been burnt on blind dates before, so I inquired of Larry, who Donna was, and all the questions males ask their friends when they are being setup on dates. Larry said that it was the same Donna that we both had chatted with online. Well I have only chatted with Donna a bit (a lot of heavy flirting and sex talk), but I had never seen a picture of her. So I asked Larry what she looked like, he said "you'll love her, she is in her late 30's about 5'6," nice long legs, brunette, blue/green eyes, 38d tits with big hard nipples. And best of all she loves cock. And she said she really liked your cock. At least that is what she said when she saw the picture I sent her." After hearing that how could I say no. I asked when did he plan on going, Larry replied "today, I will pick you up at your office in about 2 hours."

I rushed home took a quick shower, got some clothes together, and headed on back to the office. The first hour and a half went by quite quickly, the last 30 minutes dragged on and could not stop thinking about what kind of weekend this was going to be. It was very hard keeping my hands off my cock; I was walking around with a perpetual hard on. 

Larry showed up exactly 2 hours from when we hung up. I grabbed my stuff and followed him out to his SUV. Standing by the vehicle chatting was Denise and this cute 5'2 brown haired beauty, which I guessed to be Donna. Denise ran up to me gave me a hug and a deep tongue lashing kiss, her one hand reached down and gave my cock a squeeze and said "hi big boy, nice to see you again" Donna saw this and just giggled at us. Denise introduced Donna to me, I put my hand out to shake hers, but she gave me a hug and quick kiss on the cheek, saying that strangers shake hands friends give hugs and kisses.

After all the pleasantries we climbed in the SUV and headed for the mountains. I sat in the back with Donna, which was fine with me. She was wearing a Daisy Duke shorts which showed off her slim legs and a t-shirt that said, "If it's fun, then Just Do It" I noticed that she wore no bra, which was nice cause it made her perky little breasts fill out the t-shirt nicely. Larry explained that the cabin we were going to would not be available till tomorrow, so if there were no objections, we would brave the wilderness, and sleep in a large tent near the mountain lakes. I had to be dumb and ask, where were these mountains, and how long till will we get there? Larry replied they were in West Virginia, and it was about a 3-hour drive, so we should just sit back and enjoy the drive. As we drove we all chatted about different things, weather, sports, politics, the usual small talk stuff.

About an hour into the drive I noticed that it was kind of quiet, I glanced up to the front of the vehicle and noticed that Denise was bent over the center console. And had Larry's cock in her mouth, I glanced up at the rearview mirror and saw a big grin on Larry's face. I nudged Donna and she peeked over and saw Denise licking the head of Larry's cock. Denise moaned at the first sign of pre-cum leaking from Larry's cock. She licked around his head, and the swallowed his cock all the way to his balls.

I was getting pretty excited watching Denise's oral expertise of Larry's cock. Donna's was intently watching the show. I was pretty engrossed myself, that I didn't notice right away Donna's had squeezing my thigh. When I did, I figured what the hell and did the same to her. She turned and looked me straight in the eye and placed her hand on my now raging hard cock. I did the same to here feeling her hot pussy through her shorts. She pulled the zipper of my pants down, and fished my cock out, her eyes never leaving mine. I continued to rub her cunt through her shorts. She let go of my cock, and smiled, I thought damm she's just teasing me. She lifted her ass off the seat and slid her shorts down her legs. She wore no panties, I looked at her pussy, it was shaved and it was extremely wet.

She sat back down and immediately grabbed my cock and starting stroking it. Her eyes were locked on mine, as I slid a finger into her wet cunt. I finger fucked her slowly at first with just one finger, my thumb brushing against her clit. Each time I touched her clit a slight moan escaped her lips. I slid 2 more fingers into her; she was so wet, but so very wet. She started stroking my cock faster; I didn't know how long I would last. But I knew that her hands were like velvet on my raging cock. We spoke no words just stared at each other with lust in our eyes. Donna must have felt the cum building up, just from the way my cock throbbed in her hand. I was about to tell her I was going to cum, when she let go of my cock and wrapped her sweet lips around my cock, and started sucking like a high powered vacuum cleaner. It only took about 30 seconds and I was blowing my hot load deep into her throat. I expected Donna to gag, but she never stopped sucking, swallowing all of my hot jism. Not losing a single drop. When I went limp, she let go of my cock and sat up and smiled and said "Good?." I just took her face in my hands and kissed her deeply.

I started kissing Donna's eyes and lips, nibbling on her ears and placing soft kisses on her neck, my one hand was still fingering her clit as my other hand cupped her small soft breast. It fit so nicely in my hand, sort of like it belong there. I lifted her t-shirt up enough to expose her tits; her nipples were about a half an inch long. My tongue snaked over each nipple. Donna shuddered and moaned as I continued to fuck her cunt and suck her tits. I was in no rush and lingered over her tits sucking each one into my mouth savoring the taste of each one.

Donna on the other hand was impatient, and started pushing my head down, and saying "eat me Edgar, suck my pussy, make my cunt cum, I need to cum baby." Well who could turn down an invitation like that? I dropped to the floor of the SUV and buried my head between her legs. Before I was a little worried what Denise and Larry might say, but I didn't care, I wanted to give Donna the same pleasure she had given me. As soon as my tongue touched her swollen lips, her legs came up and wrapped around my head. Her moans became louder and she became more directive and vocal. She's said "Eat me Edgar, tongue fuck me, I want to cum all over your face. Oh yesss, suck my cunt...ohhh fuckkk eat meeee. Oh it's so fucking good" I continued to lick her sweet pussy, when all of a sudden her legs locked tightly around my head. Donna's whole body trembled as the first wave of her orgasm hit her. She ground her cunt into my face and screamed "fuckkkkkk meeeee, oh god Edgar fuck me now" and then her pussy let go a stream of hot pussy juice all over my face. I licked it all up as I had no choice since Donna's legs had me locked to her cunt. Then the second orgasm hit her, again she screamed "Fuckkk Fuck oh fuckkk it feels so damm good." Finally her orgasm subsided and she released my head from between her legs. She pulled me up to her looked me in the eye, and said "now fuck me with that beautiful cock of yours" I kissed her gently and said "I would once we got to the campsite" and then kissed her again. There was some coughing from the front seat, and I turned and Denise grinned and said, "you two are pretty hot but save our energy for later cause the day was still young.

We arrived at the campsite, Larry and I got the tent out and started setting everything up. All the while we were setting up Larry hit me with question after question about Donna. " So what do you think, is she hot? How did you like the way she sucked your cock and swallowed you're cum? What about those tits of hers, just the right size and did you see how hard and long her nipples were? I bet her pussy tasted great huh?" All I could say was yes. 

Denise and Donna were busy setting up a little campfire so we could cook some hotdogs. And even though I was hungry for pussy, I was starving for some real food. Denise was inquisitive with Donna about what she thought of me. She kept saying, "see didn't I tell you he could eat your cunt and make you cum. And what about that dick of his, didn't I tell you it had a perfect head" Donna turned and looked at me and winked, while Denise kept rambling on about what a great cunt lapper I was.

After everything was set with the tent, Denise and Donna had just finished cooking the dogs. Larry pulled out the cooler with some beer, and we started to chow down. We sat around eating and drinking and talking about the latest stories and pictures on Literotica web site. Denise started to act goofy, turned to Donna and said "bet you can't do this" she took a hot dog, tilted her head back, open her mouth wide and swallowed the whole hot dog. Donna not to be outdone by Denise took two dogs and proceeded to swallow both at the same time. She grinned at Denise and said, "Top that bitch." Larry and sat there applauding both women, saying they were women after our own hearts. Denise said she could top that, and quickly unzips Larry's pants and pulled out his enormous cock and started sucking it. She jerked his cock while sucking forcing the pre-cum to start leaking from this one eyed monster.

Donna went over and got close to Denise and tapped her on the shoulder and said, "Come on honey share." Denise pulled her head off of Larry's cock and waved it at Donna. Donna swooped down on Larry's cock like an eagle swooping down from the sky for its prey. She licked up and down his cock like a lollipop. Larry just laid on his back moaning. "Oh yeah suck it baby, suck my cock, oh yeah play with my balls" Donna popped her head off his cock, and Denise opened her mouth and sucked Larry right back in. I sat across the way rubbing my cock thru my pants as these two hot vixens took turns sucking Larry's cock. 

Denise was pumping Larry's cock, while Donna suck sucked his fuck stick down her throat. Between the two of them hey were going to bring Larry to a very explosive ending. It took only about 5 more minutes of their expert sucking, as Larry started to hump his hips to their faces. He moaned "oh fuck here it comes." Both women continued to jerk his cock as the first stream of cum shot from Larry's cock, the steam hitting Donna's chin and Denise's forehead. They both had their mouths open trying to catch the next shot in their mouths, but Larry's aim wasn't that great and spurt after spurt of cum missed their mouths and landed on their faces. Jism covered their faces. As Larry unwound from his explosive climax, his cock started to shrink, but cum continued to leak out, so Denise stuck her tongue out and licked it up as it came out of his one eyed monster. She moaned as she licked his cock saying "it tastes so fucking good" Donna looked on with her face covered in Larry's hot jism, it occurred to her that she could get a taste by licking the cum from Denise's face. She started licking and kissing Denise's face, making sure she got every single drop off cum. Denise returned the favor and licked Donna's face.

I sat back and continued to rub my cock, and then Donna got up and came over to me. She looked down at me seeing my rock hard cock straining against my pants. She gave a little pout and said " aww poor baby has been neglected, let me take care of that big problem you have there." I stood up and dropped my pants and laid back down on the ground. I was expecting Donna to kneel down and suck my cock. But instead she stood there undid her shorts, pushed them to the ground, and reminded me "I am so hot and wet right now, and you owe my cunt a good fucking honey" She walked over to where I was laying squatted down and grabbed my cock with one hand held open her cunt with the other. And slid my fuck stick right into her sopping wet cunt." If felt like her pussy was on fire it was so hot. She fucked up and down on my cock, almost swallowing my balls as she engulfed my dick. I reached up and slid my hands under her shirt, squeezing her nipples. She kept up a steady pace on my cock, always moaning "fuck me Edgar, my cunt needs your hard cock, play with my tits. Oh yeah baby fuckkk me, fill me up honey. The grunts and groans made me even more excited and I started thrusting up to meet her cunt as it slammed down on my cock.

Larry and Denise just lay there watching Donna fuck me. Denise lay there lazily playing with Larry's cock. Donna was like a wild woman, and thank god we were in the woods where only the bears could hear us. Because she was constantly screaming " fuckkk meeee, oh god I love your cock in my cunt. Fuck me Ed, fuck me harder, do it baby slam that dick of yours deep into me." Donna was like a wild fucking bronco, constantly bucking on my cock. She bent down and kissed me sliding her tongue all the down my throat almost making me gag. I still had my hands all over Donna's tits, squeezing them harder as she continued to fuck my mouth with her tongue. Suddenly she bolted upright and announced, " Of fuck I'm Cumming, fuck mee babyyy, oh yess yess fuck fuck" She slammed her whole body down, and shuddered as her cunt climaxed on my dick. Her pussy closed around my cock like a clamp. As soon as her pussy relaxed its grip on my dick. My cock started shooting hot cum into her. Donna's pussy continued to milk the cum from my dick, her cunt muscles squeezing my cock like it was ringing out a dishrag. After a few minutes Donna relaxed and laid forward on my chest kissing me gently saying that was the best fuck she had ever had.

I laid there trying to catch my breath, when Denise spoke up and said, "hey guys I didn't get laid, I want to get fucked too" Larry and myself both looked down at our limp dicks, and said "can you wait a hour." Denise didn't seem to care for our answers and got up and stripped off her clothes, she came and sat on my face, and told me to tongue fuck her like I did earlier to Donna. I tried licking her cunt, but I was whipped. She got off my face and grabbed Donna by the hand and dragged her down alongside of her, and said cmere honey let me show you how to please a woman when there is no cock available. Donna looked a little apprehensive about making love to another woman. But Denise reassured her, that there was nothing to it, and she would be gentle with her.

Denise started planting soft kisses on Donna's face, lightly brushing her lips against Donna's. Her lips kissed her eyes, her ears down her throat to Donna's shoulders. Her fingers traced the outline of Donna's tits through her t-shirt. Donna sat up and removed her shirt so Denise would have easier access to her tits. When her tits came into view, Denise dropped her head to Donna's breast and lightly bit down on Donna's nipple. Donna shuddered and pulled Denise's head tightly to her chest. Denise pushed Donna's legs apart with her free hand and sunk two fingers into Donna's freshly fucked cunt. Denise pulled her fingers out which were covered with the cum I had just deposited there. She looked at her sticky fingers, stuck them in her open mouth and sucked all of the cum off them. She put her fingers back in Donna's pussy, and got them covered again with Donna's and my juices. She pulled them out again and brought to Donna's lips and said " taste it baby taste Edgar's and your cum, it's delicious" Donna stuck out her tongue and gently licked Denise's fingers savoring the taste of her pussy and my cum.

Donna finished cleaning Denise's fingers with her tongue and then pulled her on top of her and started kissing her. Her tongue sliding into Denise's mouth. Their tongues were dancing a tango while Denise ground her pussy into Donna's crotch. Donna locked her legs around Denise's hips and her tight to her pussy. Rubbing their clits together only took a few minutes until they were both writhe ring in each other's arms. I don't know if they both came at the same time, but it looked pretty damm close. Denise slid off Donna's body, but she wasn't done. She pushed Donna's legs farther apart and covered Donna's pussy with her mouth. Donna started shoving her cunt into Denise's mouth. Denise stopped licking for a minute, and Donna looked down at her said "don't stop baby, eat my cunt. Lick my clit; oh fuck I am such a horny fucking slut. Oh fuckk it feels so good. I never thought a woman could make me feel this good."

Denise was feasting on Donna's fuck hole like it was her last meal. All the while being encouraged by Dawns dirty talk. By now Larry and I had recovered a bit, and were now sporting pretty impressive hard-ons. Denise was now on her hands and knees between Donna's legs, and her pussy looked so inviting. I glanced at Larry for approval and he nodded for me to dive right in. I got behind Denise and pointed my dick right at the pretty pink shaved cunt staring back at me. I grabbed her hips and pulled her back onto my cock. I slid easily into her tight cunt because her pussy was so wet. She took a second to look behind her and say " about time you got here, my cunt has been hungry for some stiff cock all day." I just smiled and rammed my cock all the way into her, my balls slapping against her ass.

Larry decided he was not going to sit there while I had all of the fun. He cam over and straddled Donna's chest and slid his cock into her waiting mouth. Larry was fucking Donna's mouth like it was her cunt. Donna just made her lips into a circle and Larry fucked in and out. Donna didn't gag once, and I know she was enjoying the face fuck cause she would moan every time Larry's cock hit the back of her throat. Meanwhile I continued sliding my cock in and out of Denise's sweet pussy. As I was fucking Denise I thought to myself "this is only the first day, this is going to be a great fucking weekend cause we still had another three days in front of us." My balls continued to slap against Denise's ass making a loud slapping sound each time I plowed into her. I reached around to cup her tits, and squeeze each nipple as I fucked her, she started directing me when I did this, "that's it baby squeeze my nipples and fuck my pussy. You like fucking my pussy while I eat Donna's cunt. Oh yeah baby fucck meeee. Slide your cock all the way in my hot cunt" Denise then turn verbal montage on Larry, "oh honey Edgar is fucking my pussy so well, do you like fucking Donna's face. Donna just loves sucking cock, I want to see you cum all over her face. Then I want to lick the cum from her. Fuck her face baby, fuck her good."
