 Chapter Six 

Ellie found herself waking up very slowly, though she really didn't want to. She was comfy where she was, but there something was brushing her back that was annoying her. 

Ellie grumbled and tried to swat the thing away, but her hands couldn't move, they were stuck together. Lifting her head and looking at her hands, she saw that they were tied above her with a ribbon. 

Oh, my hands can't move because they're tied, makes sense, Ellie thought. 

A few seconds later her eyes snapped open wide in shock. 

"That doesn't make sense," she said stupidly. 

Ellie heard a couple of male chuckles, one on each side of her. Lifting her head, she tried to see who they belonged to, but she couldn't spot them immediately because her hair was in the way. 

"Relax, Ellie love, it's only us," Dante said soothingly brushing the hair back from Ellie's face so she could see him. 

"If that's supposed to be reassuring it's not, what have you two done? I thought we agreed on one night and no sex," Ellie demanded, taking stock in the fact that, yet again, she was naked, though she was also no longer injured. 

"You said you'd stay for a week it had only been four days when you ran Ellie," Rain retorted. 

Ellie couldn't see him though she knew it was his hand that was stroking her spine. He had knelt on the other side of her and it sunk in as to what was going to happen. 

"It wasn't on purpose, I was injured." 

"Yes, we'll get to that in just a moment," Rain drawled. 

She didn't like the sound of that, nor did she like it when her hips were suddenly lifted and Ellie felt like she was being pulled onto Rain's lap. She struggled to get away in a moment of blind panic at the thought of being so exposed. 

"Calm down, Ellie love, you will always be safe with us," Dante soothed, stroking her hair. 

His voice had a strange effect, and Ellie did feel more relaxed at his words, though she shouldn't have given the situation she was in. Ellie also still wanted to hide, but that was her nature. 

A stinging slap landed on her ass, and she yelped. 

"What the hell was that for?" Ellie shrieked. 

"Punishment, ma cherie, you've been very, very naughty. I said this before." Rain declared, as he slapped the other cheek. 

"For what?" 

Rain didn't answer, but Dante did tilting her head up so she could see his face. 

"You didn't come to us when you were injured, you didn't think that we would be sick with worry over the fact that we didn't know just how grave your condition was." 

"I wasn't thinking straight, I just reacted, so sue me," Ellie bit out, and then yelped as Rain smacked her ass again. 

"You always react without thinking because of your rabid paranoia," Rain vented, continuing to spank Ellie. 

"I've always been... ow... paranoid, that isn't something that will change overnight." 

"Well, your paranoia could have gotten you killed, you little fool!" Rain snarled giving her a few harder stinging slaps. 

"I'm sorry. I really didn't know it was that bad. I really didn't mean to make you worry," Ellie apologized, feeling guilty for the situation. 

Rain stopped for a moment, rubbing her cheeks soothingly. 

"I know that, Ellie, but it still doesn't excuse you running from all the people who wanted to be around you, nor hiding for nearly two hundred years. You hurt a lot of people who really cared for you by doing that," Rain growled as he resumed smacking her ass. 

Dante picked up from there, "Not to mention, your actions over the past few days have been ridiculous too. Instead of talking with us about what you were feeling, you were needling us into snapping, so you could justify walking away from us." 

Ellie squirmed with pain and guilt until she could take no more of either and she shouted, "What do you want me to say, that I'm sorry for that, too?" 

"No, because we all know you wouldn't mean it," Dante bit out frustrated. 

"Then what do you two want from me?" 

"You, and you know it. All three of us were meant to be together, that fire has been there from day one," Rain said as he stopped spanking her. 

"No," Ellie cried adamantly, not wanting to open that Pandora's box. 

"Yes, Ellie, I see that need for us in your eyes, I see it in every fiber of your being. I'm sick of pretending that I don't see, only to let you continue in your self-imposed misery. That's at an end now, we've exchanged blood with you and now we're all three permanently bonded together," Dante declared. 

"I didn't ask you to that, in fact, I never wanted to be a vampire and now you've made me one!" Ellie shouted at them. 

"Not true, we asked you if you wanted to live, and told you that you'd have to live with the consequences and you fully accepted that. Besides, you're not a vampire, foolish little Ellie. You're still considered a dhampir though you can't become a full human again," Rain retorted. 

"How do you know that?" Ellie demanded. 

"Because we're the same hybrid dhampirs as you, we always have been," Dante responded. 

"Hold on, hold on, I don't understand, run that by me again?" 

Rain rubbed her sore cheeks as he responded, "You made me into a 'vampire', Ellie. It was on the night of a blood red moon, you showed up on my balcony, calling me to you with that 'voice' of yours. I went to you, and you said you were cold. I wrapped my arms around you, and you bit me, drinking until I thought I was dying. Craven shouted at you to stop, saying that you took too much, and you said, you'd fix it and force me to drink your blood."  

"No, it's impossible, Craven made you!" Ellie insisted. 

"Nope, ma belle, it has always been you. Craven did take me in after Dante freed me from your aunt's prison. He explained to both of us that on the night of the full red moon, a born dhampir will go into a bloodlust and that you wouldn't remember anything that happened during that time. He also explained that anyone I turned into a vampire would have the same traits that I did. Dante's the only vampire I ever created." 

"Oh, God," Ellie whispered as she realized the truth of it. 

Craven had told her the same thing, years ago. Ellie hadn't been listening to him; she had bigger worries at the time. Her aunt was deep into one of her spells of madness and had died a week later. Ellie blamed Craven for it. It was one of the major reasons she hated being around vampires. Though, oddly enough, she hadn't hated Rain and Dante, more feared them, but that's because she thought that that they would make her into a mindless vampire and take over her life completely. 

"That's nonsense, we'd never take over your life completely, Ellie, we just want a part of it to share. And, you can have a part of our lives. Promise us, that you won't run," Dante said, reading her mind. 

"I really don't have a choice in the matter." 

Rain smacked her ass once more, "Yes, ma belle, you are stuck with us, now just accept it already." 

"I really don't want to, but I already did earlier, apparently. So, fine whatever, what's done is done," Ellie grunted mildly upset. 

"I'll take that as an acceptance. Now that we've sorted that out, we get to move on to the part that I was most looking forward to," Rain said as he bent down to untie Ellie's hands. 

He kissed the small area where her neck met her shoulder and Ellie shivered. 

Dante and Rain arranged themselves and Ellie. She was turned over and pulled up so that she was reclining against Rain's naked body. Her ass hurt to sit on, and she squirmed trying to get away from it. Rain held her, and bent down to steal a kiss from her. Ellie tasted his blood in the kiss, and realized it was done deliberately. Rain gave her just enough blood to take the sting out of it, but not enough to remove it completely. 

He moved Ellie's legs apart so that they were draped on either side of his. She was left completely exposed to Dante, who had moved to lay on his stomach so that his face was level with her pussy. 

Ellie felt apprehensive about what was to come, "Oh no..." 

"... Oh yes," Dante countered with a smouldering look as he licked her slit with one long stroke. 

Ellie's eyes went wide with shock as she watched him lazily continue sucking on her clit. Ellie moaned, feeling a coil of lust in her belly, but still didn't like being on display. 

Rain turned her head to him and kissed her deeply. His hands roamed her body, settled on her breasts and fondled them. He pinched her nipples then continued to stroke them until she bucked in response. Rain kissed down the side of her neck, sucking and gently biting the skin. It was almost torture to Ellie; she was lost in the sensations. They were masters at this game, both of them knew it, and they tormented her with their skill. 

Rain's left hand slipped down her middle until he reached her pussy and it spread it so that Dante had deeper access. Dante's tongue entered into her, and Ellie arched back in shock. He continued on with teasing strokes until she was on the brink of another climax, then he stopped and sat up. He leaned over Ellie to share a kiss first with Rain, then with Ellie. 

At the same time he kissed her, he entered her with one quick stroke and her eyes went wide with surprise and pain. Dante held still to allow her to become accustomed to his size. Slowly, he rocked his hips back and forth, pulling out with a long stroke, before pushing it back. He reared back to watch Ellie's face. 

She had closed her eyes, embarrassed by her wantonness and lost in the unfamiliar sensations. 

"Keep your eyes open, love, I want to see those lovely wine coloured eyes deep in ecstasy," Dante commanded, thrusting in deep. 

Ellie look at him, and bit her lip to hold back a moan in reserve. Rain bit her neck, not sharp enough to draw blood, but sharp enough to cause her to gasp. She moaned as the climax began to stir again but Dante was still moving lazily slow. It was driving her absolutely crazy. 

"Dante..." Ellie gasped out. 

"Yes, Ellie love, what would you like?" Dante asked her kindly, though he eyed her knowingly, the cad. 

Unsure of how to ask for what she wanted, Ellie stuttered out, "M-m-more, p-please." 

Rain and Dante both laughed softly, but Dante didn't increase his pace at all; he continued on and asked, "more of what, Ellie love? Speak up now." 

Frustrated, because she didn't exactly know what she wanted and she knew that they did, she bit out, "More, I want more!" 

Rain clucked his tongue, "More doesn't help, ma chere Ellie, do you want him to thrust harder into your tight wet cunt? You want a maddening faster pace, too? You're going to have to use the words." 

Ellie was almost crying in frustration, "I want both, harder and faster." 

"Aw...you've almost got it, Ellie, ask him again but use these words, 'please thrust harder and faster into my pussy'." 

Ellie, beyond the point of pride, looked up at Dante and pleaded, "Please thrust harder and faster into my pussy." 

"No problem, love," Dante whispered as he did just that, making Ellie moan louder and her toes curl in pleasure. 

She was almost on the brink of her long denied climax, but they kept her teetering on the edge, Ellie realized that they wanted her to ask for that too. 

"Please, please, please," she pleaded with them. 

Rain took pity on her, though it was because he wanted his turn. He leaned close to her ear and whispered, "You have to say it again. Say 'please let me cum, Dante love.'" 

Ellie looked directly into Dante's eyes, which had darkened to a stormy grey colour and she pleaded once more, "Please let me cum, Dante love." 

Dante bent down to kiss her again, before he changed angles so that it would push her over the edge. Ellie erupted in a scream, and after four more thrusts Dante followed quickly behind her. They both collapsed, panting. 

After a moment, Dante pulled out and moved to the side. Then Rain picked up Ellie, turned her around, and lined up his cock to her entrance before thrusting in deep. Ellie grabbed his shoulders to steady herself as Rain held onto her hips, guiding her up and down on his cock slowly. Ellie felt the coil of lust build quickly in her body again. 

"Please, Rain, thrust in my pussy faster and harder." Ellie whispered out. 

He grinned before he rolled on top of her and took over, settling into a hard pace that Ellie craved. 

After a few more minutes, Rain demanded, "Say it, Ellie, say it." 

Ellie was at that peaking point again, so she gave in and said, "Please, Rain, let me cum." 

Rain shook his head and continued, "No, I want you to say that you are ours." 

Ellie looked at him sharply, "No." 

"Say it, Ellie," Dante commanded, this time wanting the words too. 

A tear of frustration rolled down her cheek, but she bit her lip in adamant refusal. 

They wouldn't give in, though; they both continued to demand the words. 

"Fine, damn it! I'm yours, but you're mine too, don't you go forgetting that!" Ellie shouted at them. 

"We're yours," they agreed in unison. 

Rain thrust hard two more times before he and Ellie erupted into a shared climax. 

Rain rolled to the side so that Ellie was wedged between the two of them. She didn't understand why but Ellie burst into tears. It was confusing, she hadn't cried in nearly two hundred years. Not since her aunt died. 

Rain and Dante held her as she did so. 

Finally when the tears started to taper off, she sniffled and asked out loud, "Why am I crying?" 

"They don't call it 'Le petit mort' for nothing, love." Rain said, kissing her wet cheek. 

"That's absurd, people have sex all the time, and I'm sure they don't bawl like a baby afterwards." 

"Then, they're obviously doing it wrong," Rain drawled arrogantly, and Ellie laughed despite herself. 

"You two didn't cry," She pointed out. 

"What are you talking about? Rain bawled too, it just happened to be invisible tears." Dante stated. 

"And you?" Rain countered. 

"Oh that, well, I'm a Caldwell, we are born without tear ducts, I'm afraid," Dante replied matter of factly. 

Rain snorted at the remark. 

They continued to bicker back and forth until Ellie sat up and started to squirm away. 

"Where are you going?" Dante asked. 

They both continued to hold onto her, much to Ellie's mild annoyance. 

"I want a shower, I'm all sticky and sweaty," Ellie huffed. 

"Good idea," Rain said with enthusiasm as they let her go. 

"I want one, alone," Ellie retorted. 

Dante kissed Rain quickly and responded to Ellie with a smile, "Sure, not a problem. I'll occupy this dolt, so you can have a few minutes alone." 

"Thanks Dante," Ellie said, returning the smile as she scrambled off the bed, and headed towards the shower. 

She entered the bathroom, and locked the door for good measure, in case either tried to join her. Ellie pushed the auto fill on the jetted tub before wandering over to the shower and turning on the spray to hot. Gathering her favourite scented body washes and shampoo, she entered the large stall. 

It's big enough for three, Ellie mused, then shook her head at the thought. 

She was not sharing her showers, there was no telling what those perverts would do. Letting the water pour down from the large rainwater spout, Ellie sighed; this was bliss. 

* * * 

Dante continued to kiss Rain until he heard the faint click of the door being closed then locked. 

"Why'd you let her go?" Rain demanded with a scowl. 

"Give her a few moments, then we'll go in for 'round two'," Dante said as he lazily kissed Rain again. 

"She locked the door," Rain retorted in exasperation. 

Dante rolled his eyes at Rain, "Really, Rain, just really? We're dhampirs you dolt, that means nothing to us. After all how did we get in here in the first place?" 

A light dawned in Rain's eyes, "Oh, right." 

They had misted in with Ellie, when she arrived. 

"I wonder about you sometimes," Dante said as he sat up shaking his head, and continued, "Right, let's go now." 

Rain wandered behind Dante as he walked to the bathroom door, then he disappeared in the form of a fine mist. Rain did the same and emerged in the warm room. It was pretty foggy, but he could make out the naked form of Ellie with her head leaned back enjoying the shower. He was about to materialize in front of her, when he saw hands form in the water that streamed down Ellie's breasts, squeezing them and then disappearing. Ellie gasped and looked down to see nothing there. 

Rain was amused and decided to watch Dante at play in mist form. Dante squeezed Ellie's ass cheeks next, which earned an outraged shout. 

"Damn it, Rain!" 

Rain inwardly laughed at getting blamed for Dante's antics, but didn't say anything about it. 'Round two', was soon going to be dedicated to a completely different type of perversion, and Rain could hardly wait. He and Dante had planned some of this when Ellie was out, though sex still tended to be spontaneous, kind of like what was happening right now. 

Dante cupped her mounds and breasts at the same time, and settled into the fondling her. Ellie swatted him away, but since he was in mist form, he just manifested shape again and continued on like nothing had happened. 

"Rain, more!" Ellie moaned giving up chastising him. 

Dante chose to chuckle then, and Ellie gasped, "Dante it's you, you cad." 

"Yup!" He said as he took solid form behind her. 

Rain wandered into the shower and rematerialized too. 

"Bad Ellie, blaming me for something I didn't do," Rain clucked his tongue. 

"But, I thought..." Ellie floundered looking back and forth between them. 

"Aww... looks like you're going to have to be punished again," Dante murmured with a devious grin. 

"What? Why? Please no more spanking, my ass still hurts," Ellie declared. 

"Who said anything about spanking?" Rain frowned as Dante chuckled. 

"What are you planning?" Ellie asked, looking like a startled deer caught in the headlights. 

Rain felt a Cheshire cat grin form on his face. 

"Let her go, Dante. Ellie, turn and face the wall," Rain commanded. 

Dante let her go and sat on the shower bench ready to watch the show. 

Ellie stood there, completely still. 

"Turn around, Ellie, hands on the wall," Rain said slowly using the 'voice'. 

Ellie turned around slowly and put her hands on the wall. 

"Now, spread your legs for me, ma belle, " Rain used the 'voice' again. 

Ellie's legs parted slowly again. Rain was so ready to start 'round two'. 

Chapter Seven 

Ellie couldn't believe it; the 'voice' shouldn't have worked on her, though she knew deep down that it really hadn't. No, it was her own curiosity about what would happen next and the rampant need that burned in her veins that drove her to comply 

"That's right, ma belle, just relax and enjoy," he said as he grabbed the bottle of natural tea tree oil that Ellie liked to use for her skin. 

"Thank you very much, now I'm a wanton Jezebel when it comes to you two," Ellie sighed. 

"Good, because I hate to be alone in my perpetual horny state. FYI, Rain can be a diabolical mastermind when it comes to sex," Dante responded. 

Rain didn't bother to add to it since he was focused on something else. He poured the oil onto his left hand then rubbed his hands together, and started to clean her body with them. He left her privates for last, playing with her pussy for a little bit before withdrawing to the crack of her ass. 

Grasping her ass cheeks, he separated them to look at her rosy bud. 

"What are you doing?" She squeaked in embarrassment. 

Rain leaned in and whispered, "You'll see Ellie, just embrace the sensation. You'll like it, I promise." 
