 Chapter Ten 

Ellie sipped a glass of wine, and was thankful for the quiet peaceful moments that she could have from the crowd, though tonight hadn't been as bad as Ellie had anticipated. Both Dante and Rain were masters at keeping Ellie from getting overwrought from all the people. They had a system that they had devised earlier that evening; if Ellie needed a break, she squeezed both of their hands. Rain and Dante took turns, one with Ellie on the dance floor or out for air, as the other created a distraction of some sort. 

Craven had allowed Ellie to seek refuge at the back of the room, away from the crowds, while Dante and Rain played a few songs. Apparently all the members of Les Vampires, were actually vampires and were at tonight's gathering. They hadn't originally planned to play, but most of the guests had asked them to play. 

The first song was the infamous 'Temptress in Scarlet',. Ellie had frowned at first, but smiled when she heard the first few stanzas. 

"On a blood red moon eve, 

she came to me, 

her innocent eyes told me come hither, 

as she whispered, 'I'm cold.' 

I took her into my arms and held her tight, 

uttering, 'don't worry little lamb you'll be alright'. 

She looked at me, and licked those gorgeous lips, 

saying, 'don't worry mister wolf, it'll be over quick.'" 

Ellie chuckled into her glass, and Rain winked at her through the crowd. 

What a scallywag, she thought. 

"Enjoying yourself, Ellie?" Craven asked from beside her. 

"A bit," she hedged taking another sip of wine. 

"Little liar, it's more than just a bit," Craven said. 

"Crowds still make me really nervous," Ellie murmured. 

"That isn't a fear that you'll get over quickly, but you must keep working on it." 

"I hate it when you're right," Ellie retorted 

"No you don't," Craven retorted with a grin. 

Ellie rolled her eyes, and continued to watch the show, wanting both Dante and Rain terribly. 

"Can we retire after they finish playing?" 

"Yes, since you've broken the four hour mark." 

Ellie turned and hugged Craven in delight, "Many thanks, oh can I ask another favour?" 

"Depends," Craven murmured, hugging Ellie back. 

"Can I borrow a vehicle? I need to get cracking on this case, and I'm probably going to need to do some leg work," Ellie said as she pulled back and settled beside him. 

"Promise me that you'll stay here while you work the case and for a proper visit after. If you can, then the answer is yes." 

Ellie wanted to have a proper visit with Craven as well, so she answered automatically with, "Deal." 

"Right, do you mind one more dance with this old man?" 

"Nope," Ellie said feeling safe knowing that Rain and Dante would keep the crowd's attention off them with their stage antics. 

They danced to a new song, 'The Witching Hour,' which appeared to be a softer melody than the other darker songs. Ellie looked up and noticed Rain winked again as it became apparent that he had picked this song so that Ellie and Craven could dance. 

They talked about miscellaneous topics, enjoying the dance, though it felt like they had stepped back in time. 

Once the song was over, Craven led Ellie off the floor and kissed her cheek. 

"Here's the key to the car. I'll have it left out front for you; see you in the morning," Craven said handing her a set of keys before he walked off and mingled with the other guests. 

Dante and Rain started up with their final song of the three song set. This one was their raunchiest, simply called 'The Lovers'. 

Ellie snorted at the lyrics, as it described various sexual acts eloquently, and wondered how it ever got radio play. Though she knew this song was their way of telling her what was to come this evening and Ellie had no problems with that, provided she got her show first. 

Ellie didn't know why she was so stuck on that idea, but she wanted to see them together. Ellie knew that most people would find it a complete turn off, but she wasn't one of them. 

Surprisingly she wasn't turned off by anything of the things that they had done so far. Odd, sure, but Ellie knew that it was because, deep down, she always wanted them. Now that she had them, Ellie didn't feel like running any more. 

Dante looked up at Ellie and she saw a grin full of carnal promise. Ellie narrow her eyes and lifted her head haughtily as if saying, we shall see. 

The song ended about a minute and a half later, and Dante put his guitar on the stand. He and Rain jumped down from the stage and weaved through the crowd, congratulating them on their performance, to reach her. They each draped an arm around her as they bid good night to the crowd. 

They made their way back to their room quickly; no one said a word, as they were all focused on the things to come. 

Dante held the door, as all three walked in. Dante caught Ellie by the waist and kissed her before he started to untie the lacing on the back of her dress, though Ellie protested. 

"Shh, Ellie love, you'll get your show soon enough, but first you need to get out of that dress, I have a feeling Craven will kill us if we ruin it," Dante said. 

Ellie chuckled, though she knew that he was right. Craven had held onto this dress for nearly two hundred years, waiting for Ellie to come back to the vampire fold and have a proper debut. 

Ellie let him untie the lacing as Rain shut the door and arranged a chair near the bed. Rain picked up the dress and carefully placed it back in the dress box it came in then placed it on the table. Dante undid the long underskirt but made no movement to remove the other undergarments. Ellie lifted a hand to remove the tiara and undo the hairstyle but Rain stopped her. 

"Always wanted to perform in front of a Queen, ma belle Reine de Coeur," Rain said as he bent his head down to kiss her. 

"Tell me that you didn't call me your beautiful Queen of Hearts?" Ellie demanded with a laugh. 

"It suits you," Dante said laughing also, as both he and Rain took one of her hands and led her to the chair. 

Ellie sat down as both kissed her once more before pulling away. 

"The show is about to start, but no masturbation or cumming allowed, save that for us after," Dante directed. 

Ellie huffed, but agreed readily because she really wanted to see them together. 

With that, Dante leaned in and kissed Rain, as both started to lazily disrobe each other. Once Rain's shirt was completely open, Dante pinched his nipples which earned him a groan from Rain. Dante let go of Rain's mouth, moving lower to suck and lick each hard peak in turn. Rain threaded his hands into Dante's hair, murmuring encouragement. Dante unbuckled both of their pants, pushed them down, and both cocks burst free, as they had elected to go without underwear for the evening. Dante grasped Rain's shaft and stroked it a couple of times making sure that it was hard. He let go and walked Rain backwards to the bed and lightly pushed Rain down onto it. 

Ellie crossed one thigh over another, when a frisson of lust ran up her spine. She licked her dry lips, but continued to watch the pure raw beauty in front of her. 

Rain scooted so that he was in the middle of the bed, but he angled himself so that Ellie could see everything. Dante pushed Rain's legs apart and bent down between them to suck Rain's cock. He sucked and licked a couple of times before he held out his hand and summoned a bottle of lube. A bottle appeared in his hand and Dante poured some on his left hand before he nudged Rain's thighs further apart. 

Rain, knowing what his lover wanted, grasped his own knees and pulled them up and apart giving Dante greater access to him. Dante pushed one finger into Rain before he returned to sucking Rain's cock. He bobbed his head up and down a few more times before stopping ever so briefly to add another finger. 

Rain arched his back and mewled in pleasure, letting go of his legs to wind his hands in Dante's hair, begging for more. Dante added another finger, and stopped sucking Rain's cock, moving lower to suck Rain's hairless balls. Rain thrashed his head, but suddenly Dante reached for Rain's cock and grasped the base tightly to stop the pending climax. Rain begged him to allow him to cum but Dante slowly shook his head. He withdrew his fingers from Rain's ass and let go of Rain's cock. 

Dante grasped Rain and roughly turned him around. Rain moved into the position that his lover wanted, coming up on his knees with his legs still apart and his head resting on his crossed arms. Dante wrapped his left hand, still stick with lube, around his own cock, stroking a couple times to get it ready. He then lined in up with Rain's anus and pushed slowly in, until his balls rested against Rain's ass. Dante moved at a slow pace, allowing Rain to get accustomed to his length. He leaned over Rain and whispered something that Ellie couldn't quite make out before he leaned up and started to thrust harder and deeper. Rain thrashed under Dante, before lifting himself up to change the angle. 

Dante stopped as they changed positions so that Rain was now facing Ellie and sitting on Dante's lap. Rain took charge and rode Dante's cock hard, while both watched Ellie. She felt heat flooding her cheeks, and struggled to keep from touching herself. 

Rain started to ride Dante faster, until a burst of semen spurted from his cock and they both came with a shout. Rain and Dante stayed exactly as they were, catching their breath, until Rain lifted himself off Dante and scooted to the middle of the bed. His legs spread and he played with his flaccid cock lazily, watching Dante and Ellie. 

Ellie sat still, as Dante rose from the bed and moved towards her. 

"Well?" Dante asked as he knelt in front of her. 

"Epic... again?" Ellie asked temporarily struck dumb at the hot show. 

Both men chuckled. 

"Nope, it's my turn to lead tonight and I want to take you from behind while Rain takes the front," Dante said lowly. 

"Okay," Ellie said faintly. 

Dante stood up,moved behind her and lifted the tiara, pulling the few kirby grips from her hair. It tumbled free, and Dante placed the items carelessly on the night stand. Ellie uncrossed her legs, and moved to stand up but Dante put his hand on her shoulder to still her movements. He knelt back down in front of her, and undid the front stays of her garter belt before lifting her legs and undoing the back ones. He set her legs down and reached for the top of first stocking. 

Pulling it down, he licked and kissed his way down the inside of her leg until he reach her ankle then pulled the stocking free. He did the same with the other, before reaching back and unclasping the garter belt. He grabbed the sides of her panties and started to lower them down her hips. He looked up at Ellie who lifted her ass so that they could be dragged off. Once off, Dante threw them aside and draped Ellie's legs over the side of the chair, leaving her completely exposed. 

He bent his head and gave one long, slow lick, before pulling back saying, "Aw... you're wet but you didn't completely cum. What a good girl, and you deserve a treat. Go ahead and cum now, Ellie love." 

Dante commenced to lick and suckle her clit until Ellie came fast and furious with a scream. Dante licked all the juices before he stood and picked up the near boneless Ellie. He sat her down on the bed and between the three of them, they arranged themselves so that Ellie straddled Rain's stomach with Dante behind her. 

Dante kissed them both, then moved back and opened the lube bottle again. Ellie lifted her head to look at him, but Rain gently turned her head back to him. He kissed her as Dante thrust the first finger into her ass like he had done with Rain. 

Ellie moaned at the burst of fleeting pain, but she was distracted by Rain who undid the hooks on the back of the corset. Once the last hook was undone, he threw it away and looked at her chest and then back at her face. 

"Give them to me," Rain said hoarsely. 

Ellie grabbed her breasts and offered the up to Rain's mouth. He suckled and kissed before lightly biting them. Ellie was almost mindless with pleasure, so that she barely noticed a second finger being added to the first. 

"Take her Rain," Dante growled. 

Rain grabbed his cock and lined it up with Ellie's vaginal opening, before thrusting in deep. At the same time he did that, Dante had added a third finger, making Ellie nearly scream again. She bit back at the last second, and let go of her breasts, placed her hands on Rain's shoulders and rode his cock, as Dante finger fucked her from behind. 

Dante pushed Ellie gently to Rain's chest. Rain stopped thrusting, as he knew what was about to come. He grabbed Ellie's ass cheeks and spread them for Dante, who slowly entered Ellie from behind. Ellie squirmed, trying to get away at first because it was so intense. Rain and Dante held her still until Dante was completely in. 

"It hurts," Ellie moaned, feeling the burn of being so completely taken by two large cocks. 

Rain kissed her as he strummed her clit, causing her to her moan. Slowly they began to move in unison. Rain sat up so that Ellie was sandwich between the two of them. They shared kisses between them, as they all moved faster towards a climax. Ellie mewled, leaning back against Dante on the brink of a climax first. Both men picked up the pace until with a simultaneous shout, all three came together. 

They collapsed on the bed still intertwined,no one wanted to move, they just wanted to enjoy the afterglow. 

Finally Ellie found words to speak, "Well that was... amazingly intense." 

Both Rain and Dante uttered a weak chuckle as they kissed her head. 

Ellie's stomach growled, and she let out an embarrassed half chuckle. 

"I'm fine to eat normal now, aren't I?" Ellie asked. 

"It's been a couple of days since the change happened so I'd say yes, though you'll probably need blood too," Dante said. 

"I'll get that later, I'm sure Craven's got a stash somewhere. Now come on, get up, let's take a quick shower, and go out. I want a hamburger," Ellie said as she started to move. 

Both men groaned and begged her to stay put, but Ellie would have none of it as she tried to squirm away, "I'm starving, feed me. I want to also go down to the beach after; I heard that the beaches here are fantastic. I'll make it worth your while, I promise." 

Rain and Dante shared a look as they thought about more escapades on the beach, then they started moving, hustling Ellie into the shower. After fifteen minutes, it was Ellie who hustled the men out, demanding to be fed once more. 

They all wandered over to the walk-in closet holding their clothes, as Ellie asked, "Do you have something nondescript, like jeans, t-shirts and a hoodie?" 

Rain looked up, almost for divine guidance, as Dante silently chuckled at the question. 

"Why do you want to dress in nondescript clothing? We want to show you off, Ellie," Rain said in exasperation 

Ellie rolled her eyes then shook her head and responded, "Here's a news flash for you Rain, you're both celebrities, word's probably got out that you're here. Last thing we need is to draw attention to ourselves, especially when I want to have sex on the beach later. I absolutely refuse to give the world paparazzi a full show." 

Rain huffed, looking like he wanted the pictorial evidence of a full show, but Dante nudged him and they pulled out exactly what she asked for. Dante also pulled out a secret purchase for Ellie, and tossed the bag to her. 

She opened it and let out a squeal of delight, "A hoodie and nondescript clothing for me, too? Thanks very much." 

Rain shook his head, "We gave you diamonds, we got a bored stare. We gave you designer clothes, we got a deer caught in the headlights look, but we give you nondescript clothing and you let out squeal of delight." 

"Mmm hmm," Ellie mumbled as she started to pull on the clothes in the bag. 

"You're a hopeless case," Rain chided. 

Ellie grabbed the black zip-up hoodie, and smiled, "But you love me anyway, get over it. Oh I see running shoes too! Thank you, thank you." 

"We do love you, you know that right?" Dante said as Rain made a noise in agreement. 

"Uh huh, me too," Ellie replied absently. 

Both stopped and looked at Ellie as she sat on the bed, tying up the laces of her running shoes, softly humming to herself. Neither man could believe the revelation she made, granted it was a returned remark and she actually hadn't said the words. They expected her to never utter those words unless tortured and it be a stammered confession. It just seemed so bizarre. 

Dante decided to test the remark to make sure they had heard it correctly. 

"Sorry Ellie, what was that?" Dante asked cautiously. 

Ellie looked up at them and replied, "I love you both, too." 

Then she returned to tying her laces as if nothing major just happened. 

Rain and Dante stood, still in shock, before reacting. They crossed the room and pulled Ellie up into a hug as they kissed her soundly. 

"What was that for?" Ellie asked when they put her down on her feet looking bewildered by the sudden attention. 

Rain and Dante groaned and just stared at her until it clicked. 

Ellie eyes widened as she caught on, then she shrugged her shoulders saying, "Oh it's because I said 'I love you both', I get it. Though I don't see why it's such a big revelation, I mean, the fact that I haven't run off, and the things we've done should have said it all. Plus you must have known that I've loved you for ages. Granted I recently just realized it myself, I've probably been in love with you two from the start." 

"Then why did you run away?" Rain asked. 

"I'm pretty messed up and have many personal phobias which I'm sure is a moot point right now, cuz you both are aware. And I'll probably still have those for quite a while, but not with you two anymore. I think you broke through those the first time we had sex. I've never been more exposed in my life, but at the same time I haven't felt safer either," Ellie murmured. 

She hugged them tightly once more, and then demanded that they continue to get dressed. Rain and Dante threw on the rest of their clothes quickly as Ellie grabbed a set of car keys and then dug deep through her backpack until she found a hidden phone that generally never saw the light of day, though it went everywhere with her, albeit secretly of course. 

"What's with that phone, I haven't seen it before, is it prepaid one?" Dante asked staring at it. 

"Nope, this is my emergency line. Everyone that I have saved is given this number to call me if they are ever in great danger. I know, I know, it sounds ridiculous, but I just want to make sure that they won't have any more problems." 

"It's not ridiculous; I think it is a wonderful idea. I want that number though, it'd be nice to have a direct line to you," Rain said as Dante nodded. 

"You're probably going to call me all the time, right?" Ellie asked as she eyed them. 

"Yup," they both agreed unrepentantly. 

"Well, as long as you don't do it when I'm on a super secret mission, I'm fine with it." 

"Oh no, we plan on being right beside you when you go on those," Dante stated bluntly. 

Ellie sighed and rattled off the number, knowing it was of no use. 

Rain and Dante entered it into their phones, and grabbed her hands walking out of the room. Once out, they dashed down the stairs and out the main door onto the circular driveway. Ellie used the key fob to locate the vehicle. They found an older style pickup truck sat there. It wasn't old enough to be a classic, but it was definitely vintage; though it was in excellent condition. Dante had a feeling that Craven had given Ellie the keys for this one because it wouldn't stick out too much. Though, as Dante looked in and noticed that it had a bench seat, he realized it would also suit him just fine, as some ideas for later came to mind. 
