 Chapter Eight 

Ellie looked at Gabriel Ellington and sighed because he still looked pretty pissed off. She had made a call to him earlier that day, and he had yelled at her for a solid twenty minutes. It appeared that no amount of grovelling would appease him. Finally, Ellie had agreed to meet him and let him do a physical to make sure that she was, indeed, completely healed. 

That had not gone over well with Dante and Rain. They apparently were very territorial and wanted no one else to view Ellie's naked body. Both had demanded to be in the room for the physical, and it had taken nearly three hours to come to agreement to let Gabriel check Ellie as fully clothed as possible. 

Ellie was not happy about how Gabriel had also managed to get both Dante and Rain agree to let him work this case. Gabriel had pointed out the possibility of Ellie getting injured again, and in need of a world class surgeon who specialized in vampires and dhampirs. Both had looked at her, and then shared a look before welcoming Gabriel aboard while ignoring her protests. 

Ellie was mad because she was not that much of a klutz or a risk taker, but the guys would not budge on keeping her safe. Ellie knew that she should be happy that they cared that much, but she also felt that they didn't think that she could take care of herself. 

They all sat in the plane as it was about to take off again, and Ellie decided to address the issue, not wanting it to linger for the flight. 

"Let's get one thing straight before we get started on this mission. I am a highly skilled detective who doesn't take unnecessary risks. I won't be treated like some fragile piece of china, and before you get mad at me, I realize that all three of you want to protect me, and I'm grateful for that, but for the love of God, please do not go overboard." 

All three started to protest for a moment, but as what she said sunk in and they thought about it, all three slowly nodded their heads in agreement. 

Ellie thanked them, and then took out a deck of cards and placed it on the table. This plane was a sky office, so it actually had built in desks and a built in wired internet service that had been perfected by one of her technology companies. The plane had eight tables that had four seats each, two on either side of the table and a conference room in the back. 

Rain and Gabriel sat on one side, Ellie and Dante sat on the other. They had decided to play Whist, a game popular in the nineteenth century, though Rain had to explain the rules to Gabriel. 

Once the game started they laughed and talked about different things that were happening all around the world. Ellie felt light-hearted despite the tasks ahead. It had been a really long time since she had enjoyed the company of other people. It was very hard to trust other people. But the men in the plane weren't run of the mill ordinary people. 

To start with, she had watched Gabriel grow up, and she saw him and his older brother as her own family. Ellie would fight tooth and nail to protect 'her boys'. 

If Ellie had to list her relationship with Dante and Rain, she'd probably say it's complicated, but she had to admit, now that she really knew them, she didn't really fear their intentions. They had bonded themselves to her, and vice versa, and those great life altering changes that she truly feared hadn't happened. Sure, they could come across as overbearing at times, but they weren't controlling her every move. 

It was hard to admit to herself that her so call 'hatred' of becoming a vampire and of relationships wasn't so much a true ignorant hatred but a loathing of change. Ellie had grown up in a time when women weren't considered people but property, it was expected even from a bluestocking that, if one married, then her life was that of her husband's whims. A wife didn't work for Scotland Yard and she certainly didn't go anywhere without her husband's permission. No, a genteel wife was expected to have a great standing in society, be well versed in genteel activities such as needlework, music, and art. 

For the longest time Ellie had seen marriage as synonymous with death. You could never just be yourself again and her aunt had reinforced that outlook. Aunt Lila had been a widow who had refused to marry again, and Ellie had always assumed her first marriage had been quite unhappy. Ellie had never asked details about it though; it was quite a taboo subject. 

Ellie's childhood was unique to say the least. Both of her parents had died shortly after her second birthday, and she was left in the care of Aunt Lila who was both doting and neglectful. Ellie had learned to deal with everything, and to keep her problems to herself, especially when her aunt was having one of her crazy 'fits'. 

It had been rumoured that, during one of these spells, Aunt Lila had been especially vindictive against some supposed scorn, and had killed someone in a fit of jealous rage. Ellie hadn't believed these rumours, but she had always made sure that everyone in the house was able to safely distance themselves from Aunt Lila during her deep moods. 

Ellie had quietly told Craven once, that she hoped to never have these fits herself. Craven had reassured that it wasn't possible. Ellie had come to terms long ago with the fact that her anti-social behaviour had stemmed from trying to keep the world at arm's length for fear of having such an insane streak. 

Craven had also helped raise Ellie when he could, and had always appeared to Ellie's younger self as a knight in shining armour. That was until she had seen one of Craven's special parties, full of lust and blood, and it completely ruined that image. 

When Ellie's Aunt Lila had found out, she had gone ballistic, and then went out of her way to poison Ellie's younger naive mind. Even the day that she had died, Aunt Lila had ranted on about the evils of the perverted vampires. She had claimed to be turned into a perverted vampire's thrall and, for Aunt Lila, whether real or imaginary, it had been too much to bear. She had thrown herself off the roof to save her own soul. 

Ellie, twisted with rage and grief, had lashed out at Craven for it, and had held a grudge against him for nearly a century and a half before she came to realize that it wasn't his fault and that her aunt had always been completely crazy. Also Ellie had come to terms that something would have eventually set Aunt Lila off into her final fit. In fact, it had been Rafe and Gabe's grandfather, Owen, who had pointed that out to her. 

Owen Ellington was a wise man, and, had she not met either Rain or Dante, she might have learned to love him, but, then again, she didn't think it would have been true love, just kinship. 

"Ellie we're getting trounced here," Dante remarked breaking Ellie's melancholy thoughts. 

Ellie looked up and grinned, "Oh, is that right? We'll just have to see about that." 

She proceeded to throw herself back into the game. 

* * * 

It was raining when they landed at the airport in Martha's Vineyard. There was a car waiting for them on the tarmac, and Rain mused about the luxuries that wealth could afford them. Sometimes he had wondered if he could trade it all for anonymity but he had always quickly disregarded the absurd thought. Rain was too much of a creature of comfort, and he didn't mind admitting it. 

To start with, Rain didn't know how to cook, or wash his own clothes, though he could manage to clean up after himself. He had only learned that because Dante had frequently complained that he always left out embarrassing things for the housekeeper to find. 

Dante and Ellie were completely opposite of Rain, and had learned to be the self sufficient types, because they had to be to survive. 

Dante's family had a grand old title, but his father was a wastrel who gambled so much that he had nearly put the family in the sponge house. Dante rescued the family finances by investing a paltry sum with Rain during their school days, and had learned to invest quite shrewdly very quickly. 

Ellie on the other hand, from what Rain had learned from Craven, had often acted as her crazy aunt's keeper. She had taken control of all the assets when most girls were still playing with dolls. 

Rain had a feeling that her love of Paddington Bear, and Penga the Penguin, really stemmed from the innocent childhood dreams they represented, and also of happier times. Rain secretly made plans to add to Ellie's collection because, despite the vast fortune that she had access to, Ellie still lived a pretty spartan existence. Her bunker home was proof of that. Sure there had been a lot of rooms, but there were very few mementos. 

Rain had itched to decorate it, and Dante had always said he was an extravagant diva when it came to design. Their apartment in New York had been the only exception, mainly because they had only taken ownership of it about a month before, and they had been working pretty much non-stop. 

It wasn't that he really like decorating; it was more a need to make a house a home. Dante called him a nesting bird for his inability to be happy with a place until he had everything just so. Rain also hated the words 'beige' and 'neat'. He much preferred bold colours, splashy themes and the chaos that came from living in a space. 

Ellie had explained earlier that she different theme rooms; it turned out she had given each room a name, and painted it different colour. Winter for example, was a silver room. Autumn, was a burnt orange. Rain had immediately saw possibility, and he would create real theme rooms. He liked the idea of the Greco-Roman room style orgy room as Ellie had renamed the room that all three had first made love in. Rain had great ideas for that room first. 

Dante had picked the hotel that they were temporarily staying at; neither man had expected to stay over night. Craven had given both Dante and Rain an open invitation to stay at his home, but first they needed change to look the part of Goth vampire rockers. Not to mention the possibility of some 'afternoon delights'. 

Dante gave a key to Gabriel to stay in the room beside theirs, and then ushered both Rain and Ellie ahead of him. 

Large boxes lay on the bed, and Rain knew what they contained, Dante had gone shopping for Ellie in New York and Rain had more than agreed that she needed better clothes after seeing the clothes in the closet. All of her clothes were frumpy, and schoolmarm-ish, not that Rain hadn't seen endless erotic possibilities there, but then again Rain saw erotic possibilities in pretty much everything when it came to either Dante or Ellie. 

Rain quietly slipped out to the balcony to make a call, while Dante and Ellie bickered over the clothing. He silently closed the door so it wouldn't distract either of them. 

Dialling a familiar number, he heard someone pick up on the fourth ring. 

"Rain, you wretch, what have you been up to?" Craven greeted groggily, indicating that he had just woken up. 

"Nothing, that is shareable in polite company," Rain retorted with a half laugh. 

"How's Dante?" 

"Bickering with Ellie," Rain said nonchalantly waiting for the other man's response. 

"Ellie? She with you right now?" Craven demanded wide awake. 

Rain chuckled, "Yup, we're all together. We're in town right now, we just got off the plane and we're not too far from you." 

"Damn me man, are you... linked together?" 

"Yeah, we've completed the contract, it's been quite the experience, I must say." 

"I want to see her, I'm coming right away," Craven said at once. 

"Wait! Give us a couple of hours, we just got off a transatlantic flight, we're exhausted." 

"Liar, I know what you're really up to, you lecher. I'll send one of my guys for you in two hours; have your stuff packed and ready to go." 

"It is already, we had it shipped first." 

"See you soon then," Craven said. 

Rain could tell that he really wanted to see Ellie, but was still trying to be a nonchalant about it. 

Ellie was like Craven's daughter, and this was like her long awaited return. There would be a grandiose soiree this evening for all of the vampires in the region to celebrate that. 

Rain decided to keep that news to himself, it would probably cause Ellie to want to flee in abject terror, and that would hurt Craven deeply. 

Rain walked back into the room and spotted Dante and Ellie on the bed. Both were naked, and laying on their sides. Rain quietly sat in a chair and watched them. He had wanted to see the two of them together like this for years. 

Dante had guided Ellie's hand down to his cock, and she wrapped her fist around him, tentatively stroking. He let go when Ellie decided to take complete control, trying with different strokes. Dante had returned the strokes in kind and both were lazily enjoying each other's body until Ellie pushed Dante firmly onto his back and straddled him. 

Rain expected Ellie to take Dante's cock into her right away, but she surprised them both. She bent down and began to lick and kiss down his chest. Rain watched her face from the mirrored wall behind the bed. He saw a brief moment of trepidation before Ellie licked and sucked Dante's nipples as they had done to her before. Dante groaned, and stroked Ellie's hair. Slowly Ellie continued down his abdomen until she held his cock in her hand again, stroking it a few times with her hand until it spurted a few drops of pre-cum. Ellie bent her head and licked the drops to taste them. 

"Salty..." Ellie murmured, as if trying to identify the taste. 

Rain was inwardly thanking the Great Divine that had given Ellie her curious nature. If Rain had to hazard a guess, he would say that Ellie was the type of person to try anything once. To Rain that had endless carnal possibilities. 

He licked his dry lips, and unzipped his pants as silently as possible, not wanting to break the magic of the moment. 

Ellie licked the underside of Dante's shaft, until she reached the bulbous tip then tentatively licked the head, tasting more pre-cum. 

"Take me all the way in your mouth, Ellie love," Dante begged fisting Ellie's hair to guide her. 

"Um... like this?" Ellie asked as she bent her head and took him into her mouth. 

"Yes, that's it, watch your teeth, love. Now go slowly, but suck it," Dante guided her. 

Ellie's cheeks hollowed as she sucked him, then she took more of his cock into her throat. She must have hit her gag reflex, because she choked and stopped but soon continued on, giving Dante pleasure. Her head moved up and down on Dante's cock, and Rain stroked his own in the same rhythm. 

"No more Ellie," Dante groaned. He released her hair and continued to plead, "I want to cum deep inside you." 

Ellie chuckled as she lifted her head and released Dante's cock with a pop. Dante groaned, and Rain started stroking his cock harder. 

Ellie sat up with her pussy lips hovering just above Dante's shaft. Slowly she sank down and bit her lip, as both groaned. 

Ellie slowly moved her hips up and down, testing to find different rhythms, much to Dante's frustration. 

"Ellie love, harder please," Dante demanded. 

In the mirror, Rain watched a devilish look enter into Ellie's eyes as she grinned. 

"Nope, not yet." 

"Come on Ellie, you're killing me," Dante cajoled, though he held himself back from taking over control, knowing that this was Ellie's time to explore him. 

"I want to hear you say it," Ellie said. 

"Say what?" Dante demanded on the edge of taking over. 

"I want you to make me a promise," Ellie returned. 

"Anything, Ellie, please just say it," Dante growled out. 

"I want you to promise me that I will get to see you and Rain together after this," Ellie demanded. 

"Absolutely," Dante promised fervently as Rain did inwardly as well. 

Ellie picked up the pace, and raced to the climax. Finally, all three shouted out their release. Ellie collapsed onto Dante's chest, and both lay still. Then, they looked over at Rain and beckoned him to join them. Rain was about to do that when his damn phone went off. Looking at the screen, he saw that it was Craven's number. 

"Damn it, I can't let this one go unanswered," Rain said to the other two; then spoke to Craven, "It's me." 

"I can't wait after all, I'm in the lobby," Craven said. 

"Can't we have more..." 

"Be a good chap Rain and be ready in thirty minutes. Oh and don't worry about your stuff. I'll have someone take all of that later," Craven said as he hung up. 

Rain look at the other two in the bed and sighed, "We're going to take a rain check on further carnal delights. Craven's here and we've got thirty minutes before he pops in." 

Ellie scrambled off Dante, and said, "I need a quick shower." 

"Me too, it'll save time," Dante said as he followed after Ellie quickly. 

The two of them made a beeline to the bathroom. Rain looked down and sighed, as his cock had already started to show signs of stirring. 

'Well this sucks, and not in a good way,' he thought, as he mentally thought of unsexy things to deflate his erection while cleaning himself up. 

Stripping naked, he quickly looked in the suitcase for something to wear, pulled out a nineteenth century gothic steam punk reproduction, and got dressed. 

He looked critically at his choice in the mirror. The pants were a lightweight soft black leather. His shirt was a stiff black fitted dress shirt. And, he wore a black silk vest with a green velvet fleur de lis pattern. He rolled up his sleeves and left the top two buttons open on his collar. As he bent down to buckle his biker boots, he heard the shower turn off. 

Ellie and Dante emerged shortly after, wrapped in white towels. Neither had washed their hair as it would take too long to dry. Rain finished with his boots and stood up. 

"Right, I'm going to help you get dressed Ellie, come on you two, quick, quick." 

"Did you call Gabe, Rain?" Ellie asked. 

"Oops! I knew I forgot something, Dante can you call him?" Rain asked as he dug through the recent purchase and lined up outfits on the bed for both Ellie and Dante. 

Ellie grabbed the silk, black panties and quickly pulled them on. 

She frowned at the black and red striped corset, as well as black garter belt and stockings. 

"Really a corset, garter belt and stockings? I thought they went out of style." 

"Nope, corsets can never go out of style," Rain said adamantly, not willing to give up to the erotic delights that would happen later on tonight when he got to undress Ellie again. 

Dante covered a chuckle with a cough as he called Gabe and told him to get ready to go. 

Ellie dropped her towel, picked up the corset and held it to her chest, then turned around to let Rain do up the line of hooks in the back. Rain hooked the row in the middle, not wanting it to make it too uncomfortable for her. Finally when the last hook was done, Ellie moved away from him and leaned forward to adjust her breasts in the cups. Quickly, she hooked the garter belt around her waist as Rain sat down looking at her expectantly. 

"I won't dream of depriving you of putting on the stockings," Ellie said in amusement placing her left foot on his leg. 

"Why thank you kind lady, I live to please," Rain said in mock formality as he pulled on her stockings, and clipped them in place to the garter belt, marshaling his inward pervert as he quickly pulled the other on. When he was finished, he found that he was unable to resist kissing her inner thigh, which earned him cuff on the back of his head from. 

"Hey none of that now," Dante growled 

Rain frowned at Dante, who just shook his head at him. 

Rain took in Dante's appearance, wanting the man as much as he wanted Ellie. Dante was dressed in form-fitting black khakis. He wore a short sleeve black military style dress shirt with bomber patches on his chest and left arm. He also had on a black and navy blue striped tie and a black leather belt with a skull and cross bone emblem. 
