 Authors Note: Once again this story is written due to a reader request. I have used fictitious names and the story is based on the talking points supplied by the reader. All characters are at least 18 years or older. Due to the length of the story it will be submitted in chapters.

INTRODUCTION

In chapter one, we learned about Abigail and her life as a high school teacher and her techniques of seduction. This chapter takes us back to Abigail's high school days as a student and the time she spent studying in Paris.

THE YEAR ABAIGAIL LOST HER VIRGINITY

Abigail attended a private all girl's high school where she had received straight A's until her senior year. She was on the honor role and she was sure to get a scholarship to a prominent college. She was slipping a little bit in her advanced math class and she was in jeopardy of getting her only B in fours years. Abigail decided to approach her teacher about extra help so that so could raise her grade to an A. 

Roger Corbin was an excellent teacher with one flaw. He had a thing for the high school girls. He had had a number of flings with some of the students during his career but he was always careful and very discreet. Roger never seduced an underage girl as he always made sure that they were at least 18 years old. It usually happened the Tommy way each time that a student needed help with her grade. Roger was willing to tutor the struggling student in his home however the math tutoring soon turned to sex. The girls found it was easier to have sex with their teacher than to struggle with the subject matter. The result was always an A in class.

Roger was thrilled that Abigail had approached him about her grade. He had admired her all year and now with just two months left in the school year he would have a chance to seduce her. Abigail had no idea what she was in for as she was thrilled that Mr. Corbin had agreed to tutor her at his home. 

Roger Corbin was 33 years old and still single although he had plenty of girlfriends. He had his Master's Degree in math and he was a very capable teacher which is why he landed the job at the prestigious high school. He was a fitness nut and worked out all the time. He was 6'2" tall and weighed 185 pounds. He had sandy brown hair and the girls went gaga over him. Many a student had a crush on him but he always steered clear of those girls. Still he loved looking at them in their private school uniforms. He loved the display of youthful flesh above the white knee high socks and the plaid uniform skirts. Many times he would catch a glimpse of white cotton panties between the girl's legs when they moved about in their seats.

Abigail began her tutoring session with Roger Corbin and the first few sessions did not go well. Abigail wondered if she would ever be able to grasp the subject matter. Then Roger suggested a long session on Saturday and Abigail accepted the offer. On that Saturday Abigail had become preoccupied with some of the other girls and she had lost track of time. When she realized that she was due at Mr. Corbin's house she dressed quickly, gathered her books and raced to his home. Abigail was over an hour late and she ran as fast as she could to the teacher's home.

Roger had been waiting for Abigail and he looked out his window every so often to check. Then he spotted her running toward his house. He watched as her skirt flew up exposing her luscious thighs as she ran. Roger felt his cock harden in is pants as he thought about burying his face between those lovely legs. Roger then went to the front door to greet Abigail when she arrived. He opened the door and watched her as she approached the house.

Abigail spotted him on his porch waiting for her and she gasped, "Oh Mr. Corbin I'm so sorry. I just lost track of time." 

Abigail was almost out of breath and she was perspiring from the long run. Her feet were sore from running in her saddle shoes which were not designed for sprinting. Roger smiled at her and spoke.

"Hey, hey slow down. It's okay that you are late. I don't have anything planned today we have all day if you need it," Roger told her.

As Abigail walked into the house Roger noticed that she was walking gingerly. "Are you okay? Did you injure yourself?" he asked.

"Oh I'm all right. It's just that these shoes aren't made for running and my feet are a little sore," Abigail admitted.

"Well let's have you sit down," Roger said as he guided Abigail to the day bed in his study.

The day bed looked like a settee but it really was used for taking naps. It was the one piece of furniture that had been the site of most past seductions. Abigail sat on the comfortable day bed and took a deep breath as she began to relax. 

"I'll take a look at your feet but first let's get you a little more comfortable. You are dripping wet. Here let my take your blazer," Roger offered.

Abigail had never had her jacket off in the presence of a teacher and it seemed odd but she was really warm. Roger took the uniform jacket and hung it up for Abigail then he returned to where she was seated and reached for her bow tie.

"Let me take this and then you can open your blouse and cool off a bit," Roger said as he untied the tie.

Abigail shivered as her teacher's hands touched the skin on her face as he untied her bow tie. Then Roger put the tie with the jacket. He looked at Abigail who still had not unbuttoned her blouse and then he reached for her this time his hands trembled. Abigail sat still as if she was in a trance as her teacher opened the top two buttons on her blouse. 

"There that she feel better. Now let's have a look at your feet," Roger said.

"Oh I'm really okay Mr. Corbin, you don't have to bother.'

"It's no bother Abigail. It's probably just a little cramp and I give excellent foot massages."

Abigail sat as still as a statue as her teacher knelt down in front of her. He took off both of her saddle shoes and placed them on the floor beside the day bed. He lifted one foot up and began to massage it. Abigail liked the feeling on his strong hands massaging her foot but she was worried that her leg was too high and he would be able to see up her skirt. Roger massaged the one foot and then the other and each time he raised her leg high enough so he could see her luscious thighs pressed together under the plaid skirt. Then Abigail panicked when her teacher started to remove her socks.

"Mr. Corbin what are you doing?"

"Relax; I'm just going to remove your socks so that I can look at your feet."

Roger with trembling fingers peeled down the knee high socks and removed them from Abigail's legs. Abigail shivered and goose bumps appeared on her skin when she felt his hands on her legs. Roger then returned to massaging her feet and as he did he placed one foot in his lap. Abigail at first didn't realize that the foot in his lap was pressing against the stiff cock in his pants but then the cock twitched and Abigail sensed what it was. Initially she thought to remove her foot but then she didn't want Mr. Corbin to know that she knew he had an erection. Abigail decided to leave her foot in his lap as he massaged the other foot. 

Roger then switched legs and placed the other foot in his crotch directly on his erection. He then began to massage Abigail's other foot and she had to admit that his hands did feel good. Abigail relaxed as she let her teacher massage her feet but then she panicked again when his hands moved up to her calves. Roger assured her that the massage would feel could and it did. He massaged both calves always keeping one foot on his erection. Then Roger's hands moved higher and slipped under Abigail's uniform skirt to rub her thighs.

"Please Mr. Corbin, I don't think that you should be touching me like that," Abigail said her voice cracking as tingling sensations ran through her body.

However Roger was determined to continue the seduction and he moved his hands all over Abigail's thighs. Abigail kept her legs pressed together so that Roger could not get his hand between her legs. Then Roger stood up and Abigail stared at the front of his pants. She could see his excitement as his cock pushed out his trousers. Abigail wondered what a hard cock looked like and she almost hoped that Mr. Corbin would take it out and show her.

"Abigail there is another way you can get an A in my class. If you are interested I will show you. Do you want me to show you?" 

Although Abigail was confused she was excited and she really wanted an A. She had been struggling with the subject and she was concerned that she might not be able to get her grade up. Somewhat reluctantly Abigail shook her head yes in agreement. Roger smiled and lifted her to her feet and took her in his arms. He leaned in and kissed her lips tenderly and then eased his tongue into her mouth. Abigail had never been French kissed and it took her breath away at first and then she felt her emotions running away with her.

Roger stepped back from Abigail and then he slowly unbuttoned her blouse. Abigail struggled with her emotions and her desire for an A in class. She stood still and let her teacher remove her blouse and he gasped aloud when he saw her full firm breasts in her cotton bra. Roger then unhooked Abigail's skirt and let it slide down her legs to the floor. He stepped back and looked at her clad just in her cotton bra and panties. She looked magnificent. Abigail was almost fully developed at 18 years of age and her figure was stunning.

Roger had Abigail sit back down on the day bed and then he told her to take his cock out of this pants. Abigail did what she was told and she reached for the zipper in his pants. Abigail pulled the zipper down and released Roger's cock from the confines of his pants and underwear. Roger had a normal size cock, six inches long and about five inches around but it was the first hard cock that Abigail had ever seen and it looked huge to her. She took it in her hand but she was unsure of what to do next.

Roger guided Abigail through the hand job technique and then he coached her on licking and kissing his cock. He moved Abigail to the next level of sucking the head of his cock and fondling his cum filled balls. Abigail actually liked the feel of the soft spongy head against the roof of her mouth. She started to get into it and she took a little more of his cock in her mouth. Roger was so turned on that he could feel his orgasm building but elected not to warn Abigail but instead ejaculated in her mouth.

Roger's first burst of cum caught Abigail totally by surprise and when she felt the second burst shoot into her mouth she tried to swallow the first. Her mouth quickly filled with cum and to prevent gagging she pulled Roger's cock from her mouth. Roger's cock kept spewing cum and it hit her in the face, hair and bra covered tits. Abigail giggled as she held the spurting cock in her hands as Roger's cum flew everywhere and coated her body. She was still holding onto the cock when Roger told her to take it back in her mouth and suck it dry. Abigail did as he asked and she decided the taste of cum wasn't so bad and that she actually enjoyed her first blow job. 

Roger then removed Abigail's bra and fondled her firm hard tits and stiff nipples. Abigail could feel the moisture in her pussy as she was very excited at this point. Roger pushed her back on the day bed and then he slowly eased her panties down and off her body. Now she was completely naked and Roger stared down at the beauty lying on his bed. He stepped back and quickly removed all of his clothes and then knelt down between Abigail's legs. Roger gently pried Abigail's legs apart and looked at her lovely pussy. He kissed her inner thighs working his way up her treasure pot and he could smell the sex emanating from her vagina.

Roger tickled her outer lips with his tongue and then let it slip inside her vagina. Abigail was so wet that his tongue slid in easily and she unconsciously tightened her grip on his head. He moved his mouth toward her and closed it over her pussy shoving his tongue into her wetness. Abigail cried out and grabbed his head again and held it tight to her pussy as it was eaten for the first time in her life. Roger lapped at her pussy, spread her pussy lips apart and located her throbbing clit peeking out from its protective hood. Abigail was really excited as her erect clit looked like a tiny dick sticking out. Roger sucked on her hard clit and she bucked her hips up into his face. He reached under her and cupped her shapely ass cheeks in his hands as he drove into her pussy with his tongue and nibbled on her clit.

"Oh Mr. Corbin I'm going to cum. Oh, oh, oh" she screamed as she lost it.

The climax rocked her body and Roger held on for dear life as Abigail thrashed, twisted and bucked all over the bed. Roger kept right on eating her pussy and he held onto her shapely ass as she thrashed about. Abigail slowly calmed after her intense orgasm but Roger continued to lick her until her pussy was dry. As she lay on the bed Roger continued to lick and kiss her bare thighs as she ran her hands through his thick hair.

"Oh that was something I really came hard. I never came that hard with my finger" she murmured.

Roger moved up between her legs as Abigail stared at the big cock about to enter her pussy. She had never seen a cock before now but she couldn't wait for him to fill her pussy with his meat. With Abigail lying back on her bed, Roger slid between her legs and he was gentle and patient as he eased his throbbing cock into her pussy. The pressure of the fullness almost negated the pain of losing her virginity. The pain quickly subsided and Abigail only felt pleasure as the hard cock touched every fiber of her cunt. Roger fucked her slowly with long deep strokes and Abigail began to hump her cunt up at him. She had numerous orgasms with the last ones violent and vocal. 

"Oh go easy and then oh yes, oh it feels so good, oh, oh, fuck me, yes fuck", she cried. 

Roger slid in and out of her pussy slowly allowing her to adjust to his cock and continued to go deeper with each thrust until he was buried balls deep in her pussy. 

"Oh my I have never been so full, fuck me, make me cum, make it last forever", she cried out.

Roger pounded her pussy making sure that his cock was in constant contact with her clit. Abigail had multiple orgasms as he fucked her. Roger twirled the stiff nipples of her tits in his fingers and then leaned over taking one then the other in his mouth. 

She went wild telling her teacher. "Oh yes, suck my tits, suck my nipples, fuck me good!" 

Roger could feel his balls start to tighten and he knew it wouldn't be long before he filled her pussy with his cum. Abigail stiffened and then had another violent orgasm.

She yelled, "Hold me, please hold me, I'm cummmming!" 

Roger reached around behind her and pulled her toward him as she shook and trembled throughout her intense orgasm. As she was cumming so did he and he fired a barrage of cum into her pussy. As she started to recover Roger laid her back down on the bed and slowly fucked her as his cock softened. Roger's cock was swimming in her cunt; there was so much cum in there mingling with her own juices.

Roger eased his big cock out of her pussy and lay down beside Abigail on the day bed. He reached over and stroked her large firm tits and hard nipples as she breathed deeply from the intensity of her orgasm. After a few minutes Roger was hard again so he rolled Abigail over on her side and slipped his big cock back in her pussy. Roger didn't think that he could cum again but he wanted to hold the beautiful Abigail in his arms and feel her round buttocks against him. 

He reached around with both hands and held on to her firm tits. Roger let her nipples slip between his fingers and he held her nipples in a scissor grip as he fondled her tits. Abigail never knew sex would be so intense and so pleasurable. Abigail felt insatiable and she wanted Roger to fuck her forever or at least as long as they both could last. Roger then put his cock back in her pussy and fucked her slowly. He reached around with the other hand and toyed with her clit as he fucked her and tweaked her nipples. Abigail had several more orgasms that day before they were done.

In the two remaining months of the school year, Abigail visited Roger Corbin every Saturday under the pretense of being tutored. They had incredible sex and Abigail learned that she could eventually control the action with her desirable body. She soon had Roger at her mercy and she enjoyed every minute of their sex together. They would play little games and have sex partially clothed as if they were in a classroom. Abigail would kneel down and lean over a chair with her skirt thrown up over her back. Her panties were pulled down to her knees and Roger would fuck her from behind. 

Abigail would also have Roger eat her pussy from behind and she even got him to lick her anus. Se felt so naughty and wicked when Roger probed her anus with his tongue. Abigail would also take off just her panties and sit in a chair with her legs spread so that Roger could eat her pussy. She had gotten used to swallowing his cum and she even liked the salty taste of it. Roger taught her about 69 so that could eat each other at the Tommy time. It was the only math that Abigail ever learned in the tutoring sessions. 

Abigail also got her A in Roger's class and she was able to graduate with straight A's honors from high school. She had achieved her goal and she was accepted by a very prominent university. Abigail was well prepared for college both academically and sexually. She learned quickly in college that she could control many of the boys who lusted after her body. She was selective about who she had sex with and she used her body to her advantage. Abigail experienced sex with boys who had cocks of all sizes while in college and she quickly learned that Roger's cock was average size.

ABIGAIL'S SUMMER IN PARIS

Abigail had the opportunity between her junior and senior year of college to study one summer in Paris. She had distant cousins, Pierre and Marie, who lived there and they allowed her to stay with them while she attended the nearby university. Abigail was thrilled that she would be able to see the city of lights and of course love. Pierre and Marie were in their mid to late twenties and they were a handsome couple. 

Abigail loved Paris and her two cousins were marvelous hosts. On weekends when they were not at work they would show Abigail around Paris. Abigail began to pick up bits of the French language and she loved to listen to the people speak French. She knew how to say thank you, merci and please, s'il vous plait; My God, Mon Dieu, yes, oui, and it's good, se bon. Abigail was becoming comfortable with the language, culture and the people.

One Saturday it was a rainy day in Paris so they spent the day in the flat. After lunch they sat in the sitting room and Pierre poured wine for everyone. They laughed, told stories and drank wine all afternoon. Abigail was getting giddy from all the wine she drank and she was also feeling very amorous. Pierre and Marie were seated in chairs across from Abigail who was seated on a settee. Abigail suddenly felt very warm and then she felt a tingling in her loins. Her condition did not go unnoticed by the couple and Pierre moved over to the day bed to sit next to Abigail.

Pierre put his arm around Abigail and she just melted and cuddled up to him. Pierre kissed her neck and ears and Abigail was gasping out loud. She knew that she shouldn't let her cousin kiss her but she didn't care as she felt wonderful. Pierre turned Abigail's face toward him and he kissed her deeply driving his tongue deep into her mouth. As their tongues danced around Abigail felt someone's hands traveling up her legs and she knew it had to be Marie. The hands climbed over her nylons to the bare skin of her thighs and Abigail thought she would cum on the spot. Marie then hooked her fingers in the waistband of Abigail's panties and slowly pulled them down and off her legs. Marie pried Abigail's thighs apart and then kissed her inner thighs. Abigail moaned and groaned into Pierre's mouth. Abigail then felt the first touch of Marie's tongue on her labia and she shivered with desire. Until that day Abigail had never had sex with another girl and now her cousin Marie was eating her pussy.
