 So far, several weeks into dating as a polyamorous triad, Matt, Amanda, and I were having an incredible time. The three of us spent our evenings together studying, having dinner, going on dates, and exploring each other sexually. Amanda knew that Matt and I weren't just boyfriend and girlfriend; Matt was my dominant and I was his submissive. She wasn't totally sure if she wanted to take part in that aspect of the relationship, too, but she did know that she wanted to do all of the fun and freaky role playing her boyfriend and girlfriend were into. This Friday night, it was time for Amanda and I to get our gynecological exams from Dr. Matt, one of my particularly favorite role playing scenarios. 

"Ladies, why don't you come to the exam room? I'll leave so you can undress and get comfortable." In the middle of the open space in the living room, there was an actual portable exam table with stirrups and an instrument tray beside it with perfectly sterilized tools, including a real medical-grade speculum. Matt left the room wearing his white lab coat with a shirt and tie, looking professional and sexy as fuck. Both girls undressed and folded their clothes, laying them on the coffee table. 

"Will you go first? I'm a little nervous. I've never done anything like this except getting a Pap smear at a real doctor's office," Amanda asked, giggling. 

"Of course, baby," I said, smiling, before kissing her softly and climbing onto the exam table. I placed my feet into the stirrups and slid down just as Matt walked back in. 

"I'm glad to see you're ready to go," Matt said as he reached the side of the exam table. "I'm going to give you a thorough breast exam, first." He reached out and began kneading and feeling my right breast with both hands, rubbing it and pressing the tips of his fingers into it before squeezing and pinching my nipple to attention. He then walked around the table and proceeded to massage my left breast in the same manner, ending with a nice hard squeeze of that nipple, too. "Everything feels normal there, Miss Scarlett. I hope you're continuing to do your monthly self-exams."

"I am, Doctor. I do them on the first day of every month," I replied, grinning. Amanda was standing beside the exam table watching curiously, her beautiful tits right in my line of sight. Matt then walked around to the foot of the table and sat down on the rolling stool, positioning himself between my legs.

"Time to do the first part of your exam. Miss Scarlett, I'm going to insert the speculum now. It's going to be a little bit cold," he explained as he reached for the metal speculum on the instrument tray. Amanda, still curious, walked over to stand behind him so she could watch what he was going to do to me. Coating the speculum with a little bit of lubricant, he then slid it into my pussy. I shivered from the cold as he opened it up and set the lock so that it would keep my pussy spread wide open. Using a small pen light, Matt looked inside of me. "Why don't you look in there, too, Miss Amanda." 

Amanda leaned down over his shoulder and peered into my pussy. I could feel myself getting wetter and wetter. Matt then reached up and put a finger through the entrance of my gaped pussy, gently touching the IUD string that hung down from my cervix. 

"I think it's time for your oral exam," he said, grinning. Matt pulled the speculum out and returned it to the instrument tray before he rolled his stool closer to me. Amanda watched intently as he lowered his face and kissed my pussy. Then he took a deep lick inside of me. "Fuck, you taste so fucking good, Miss Scarlett." 

Matt began kissing and licking my pussy passionately, tonguing deep inside of me and moving up to suck on my clit. He would intermittently move down to tongue my asshole, too, and as he devoured every inch of the area between my legs, I watched Amanda standing behind him with her hand between her own legs, furiously rubbing her clit as she watched. Soon, Matt had shoved two big fingers deep into my pussy and was performing a "pelvic exam" as he licked and sucked my clit. Fuck, it felt so good. He took his wet fingers out of my pussy and slid one of them into my tight asshole and I knew I would cum any minute. Within just a couple of minutes of Matt fingering my ass and licking my clit, I was shaking with an orgasm, moaning loudly and squirming on the table. I could feel my asshole spasming tightly around Matt's finger, and the release I felt as he pulled it out was incredible.

"Miss Amanda, why don't you clean up Miss Scarlett's pussy with your tongue while I wash my hands and the speculum? Can't cross-contaminate, you know," Matt said, winking and kissing me before walking to the bathroom. My naked girlfriend sat on the stool like Matt had and licked my pussy, lapping up the wetness from my orgasm and flicking my clit now and again, causing me to twitch. 

When Matt returned, I moved off the exam table and helped Amanda on. I kissed her and moved to the head of the table to stroke her hair during her exam. Matt came over to the side of the table and began to perform a breast exam on her like he had me. I loved seeing his big, masculine hands squeezing and massing her round, perky tits. I wanted to play with them all day long myself, and I often did when we were lying around on the couch or in bed. Her little nipples got so hard and I loved seeing them poking through the camisoles she wore around the apartment. Sometimes I would just grab her and pull her shirt up to suck on them for a minute; I couldn't get enough of our sweet girlfriend and neither could Matt. 

After he finished his breast exam, he went back down between her legs and retrieved the speculum. I wanted to see inside of her pussy, too, so I followed him and stood behind him to watch. Matt gently slid it inside of her and opened it up, revealing the inside of her tight little pussy to us. She was so pink and wet.

"Isn't her pussy perfect, Miss Scarlett?" 

"Yes, it is, Doctor. I love her little pussy," I answered, leaning forward to kiss him deeply over his shoulder. We both stood there peering inside of her for a couple of minutes, admiring our beautiful girlfriend's gorgeous pussy that we got to share. Just the week before, she'd had an IUD put in just like me so Matt could fill her pussy up with cum as much as he wanted. That was hot for him and her, of course, but that meant I got to eat my boyfriend's cum out of my girlfriend's pussy as much as I wanted to, so I was also a very happy girl. 

Matt then removed the speculum and began to perform her "pelvic exam" by feeling inside of her with his fingers. I went back up by Amanda's head and kissed her sweetly while I began playing with her nipples. Then, I saw Matt sit back down and dive nose-first into her wet pussy. He didn't bother teasing her; he just started eating her pussy like there was no tomorrow. I loved watching him eat her pussy and I loved kissing him when he was done almost as much; tasting our girlfriend's pussy on his tongue was so fucking sexy. He moved down and licked and sucked at her asshole, too, the asshole he would eventually get to fuck once we started getting her good and stretched and ready for him. Amanda was squirming on the table, moaning with pleasure as Matt's tongue swirled all around her ass and I moved down to suck on her nipples. I couldn't help it; they were so tantalizing. Within just a moment of moving back up to her clit, Matt had Amanda shaking with a violent orgasm, moaning loudly and gripping the sides of the exam table with her small hands before finally collapsing lazily as her breathing slowed down. 

"Miss Scarlett, why don't you go ahead and get Miss Amanda cleaned up? You girls need to hurry up and get dressed, we've got dinner reservations at 6," Matt suggested, moving so I could get between our girlfriend's legs to lick her wet pussy. I loved the taste of her; I loved curling my tongue inside of her to lick up every drop of wetness she produced. 

Once we were done, the three of us cleaned up and got dressed. We had a fancy date night at an upscale restaurant, so Matt donned a suit while Amanda and I wore cocktail dresses. I loved date nights for the three of us together, all of us holding hands and being affectionate with each other, so intimate that we hardly noticed when people stared. The three of us were just starting out and had so much more to explore and enjoy of each other, and I was so excited for it.