 The school reunion had gone well; Julia had instigated the re-union and was now sitting in the lobby of the hotel most of the attendees were are staying in. Gradually people either headed to the bar or to their rooms; it had been a long and emotional night, about 10 years since they had all met up last and with over 50 people attending Julia congratulated herself on getting the reunion organised.

Although she didn't need another drink, she headed to the bar where about half a dozen of her old class mates were now gathered.

"Well done Julia" Arun shouted across the room, gesticulating for her to join them; "great job and thanks for all the hard work in organising tonight."

"Yes, brilliant" others echoed. 

"Wine?" asked Brian.

"Yes please" said Julia as Brian poured a healthy measure of white wine into a glass and passed it to her. 

"I don't know how you did it but it was a superb evening Julia" Sarah said.

Julia looked at the group around her: 

Sarah: As far as Julia knew single with a good job with a stockbroker

Brian: Divorced and last known working as a taxi driver.

Arun: A builder; Julia didn't know if he was married or single or whatever.

Jane: Married with a young child and a housewife after working in a bank for a while.

John: Married but seemed to be a bit of a player; Julia thought she heard him say he was an Estate Agent.

Julia herself: Separated, worked in a solicitors office as a glorified gofer!

They were all about 28 or 29 years old, and to the best of her knowledge none of this group had been particularly close or dated each other while at school, there had been no animosity or falling out.....that's not to say there hadn't been with others.

"Did you see Kevin and Sharon?" Brian asked, interrupting Julia's thoughts.

"No?" said Arun, "what happened?"

"Well you know there were inseparable at school; first boyfriend stuff for Sharon and I think they 'did it'before anyone else, well they split up after they left school and today was the first time they had seen each other since..."

"Yes, .......and" interrupted Arun

"Lets just say, seeing them together tonight, I guess one of their rooms will be unoccupied tonight" Brian finished.

"Well good for them" Sarah said. "What happens while away stays away so long as nobody gets hurt"

"Hear hear" shouted John, looking for support from the others; most nodded their agreement.

And so the conversation continued until the barman made his presence felt and said the bar was closing soon.

"Tell you what" Brian said standing up, "what do you all say to getting a few bottles and retiring to one of our rooms for a nightcap or two?"

"Great idea" Julia smiled. "Let's go for it"

A few minutes later they were all sitting in a circle in Brian's room reminiscing about their lives of a decade or so ago; the fun, the naivety and the whole thing about being 18. Young love and great promises of the future.

As the conversations flew and the drink continued to take its effect, the conversation took a more risqué turn;

"What was that guy you went out with in the 6th form Julia" Jane asked "Was he here, I didn't see him. What was his name?"

"George" replied Julia, "and no I couldn't track him down"

"Shame" Jane said. "one fit guy I recall" she added with an enquiring look.

Julia blushed; "yes, he was"

"I think there is a story there" teased Arun.

"No, just teenage lust" joked Julia. "Anyway, what is this truth or dare?" she laughed.

"Now there's an idea!" exclaimed Arun. "Want to start?"

"No!"

"I'll tell you what, I heard of a great game last week" said John. "Need to be a bit broad minded but if we go by the 'what happens while away stays away' statement, might be fun"

"How broad minded?" Sarah asked.

"Well, it can get a bit naughty, but its up to the individuals concerned how naughty; what about if we say that if anyone is uncomfortable, No means no?" John replied.

"Sounds like you had better explain the rules John" Brian said, his interest aroused.

"Well it's simple" John said, all of them now hanging on his every word. "Each of us writes down six things we want someone else to do on six pieces of paper and weput them in a bucket or bag or something. Then we take it in turn to take a piece of paper out and read out what it says and do as the piece of paper says." He paused looking around the group. "Or as we agreed, if not comfortable just say 'No'. Any questions?"

"Does it have to be an action?" Jane asked

"No" John replied. "When it was explained to me the examples were either a question like; What was the name of your first boyfriend or girlfriend and to make it interesting you could add; and did you sleep with them?" He paused and they continued to hang on his every word. "Or it could be an action like drowning a drink in one or anything your imagination wants...." He said raising his eyes. Everyone got the message this could indeed be a naughty game that could be risqué!

"I'm up for it" Brian shouted. "Me too" said Sarah. "And me" said Jane.

Arun hesitated but agreed. As did Jane.

John went to the desk and got a pile of writing paper and handed them out and requested everyone to write six things down; actions or questions. Silence filled the room as each thought what to write.

"John", Arun asked "what happens if two of us write the same thing, say two of us ask someone to, I don't know, run down the corridor"

"Topless" interrupted Jane, clearly getting into the spirit of the game.

"Just the luck of the draw" John answered. "unlikely to be the same person for both. So it will be done by the second person too"

Eventually they had all finished writing their slips out, and with all of them folded and put in an unused ice bucket, another silence descended on the room.

"I vote John starts" said Julia. "It was his idea, and then we go clockwise, Sarah, and so on"

"OK" John said, reaching into the ice bucket and removing a slip of paper. Slowly unfolding it he read out:

"Kiss the person of the opposite sex on your left"

John looked at Sarah sitting on his left. She smiled an embarrassed smile and sat while he crawled towards her, kissing her on the lips. Both were embarrassed but parted quickly. John resuming his place.

"Be funny if the next is you to kiss the guy on your right!" joked Arun. 

"Better make it a snog if it is" added Julia.

Sarah retrieved the paper, read it and put her hand to her mouth in amazement.

"I can't" she exclaimed. 

"What does is it say?" Brian asked.

"Remove my top, go totally topless" Sarah said, blushing.

"Go on" John yelled encouraged her. 

Sarah hesitated. Took a sip of her drink, and then stood up. "What the hell!" and removed her blouse and bra and sat down as the others were transfixed by her bare breasts; as though they had all never seen a pair before.

"Julia your next" John said 

"Oh my God!" Julia said as she retrieved and read the slip. 

"If a female: Do you spit or Swallow. If a male have you ever had a woman squirt on you"

"Well?" asked Arun and Brian in unison.

"Depends" Julia answered embarrassed. "Depends on the guy and how I feel, but mostly, I try to swallow" she continued now a deep shade of red and clearly wanting the moment to pass.

Arun took his slip of paper; A look of relief spread across his face. "Have you ever done a threesome?" he looked around. "No" he smiled. "Unfortunately" he added.

Brian reached into the bucket. Fear on his face as he read the note.

"Strip off completely" he whispered. He stood up and trying to act braver than he really felt, he silently removed his cloths, until he paused when he was down to his boxers. Hesitatingly he removed them trying to cover his budding erection as he resumed his seat on the floor.

Jane was next; she giggled as she read it: "Are you shaven downstairs?"

"Yes I am" she said without a hint of embarrassment.

"Prove it!" shouted Brian.

"No" she said "the slip just asks the question" 

"But are you telling the truth?" mocked Brian.

"Wouldn't you like to know" she retorted with a smile.

"Yes, so would I" joked John.

"Should have put it on the slip; to prove it" she said as she sat down with a look of superiority, but a big knowing smile.

John, realising it was his turn, reached into the bucket: 

"Nice..." he said "If a man, pick a woman of your choice and after removing her top, suck her breasts for a minute"

The room fell into silence as he looked around: "Jane" he said looking at her, "I am going to choose you. Stand up"

She did as he asked. He too stood up and started removing her top and bra. He then caressed her breasts and started to lick and suck them, making the nipples become erect and wet. A murmur of appreciation escaped from her lips as the rest of the room admired what was going on.

Arun broke the spell as Jane again murmured her appreciation: "Regrettably I think time is up" he said.

Sarah, no longer seemingly conscious of her topless state reached into the bucket. She laughed aloud. "Are you shaved down there?" She looked around. "What is it with you guys? And no I am not"

Julia was next. "Take your trousers off or skirt or dress"

She hesitated as she was wearing a dress; but took it off and sat down wearing only her bra and knickers and very concerned that her arousal and the resultant wet patch may show as this game was having a real effect on her. She wondered if it was on others.

Arun didn't hesitate to get the next slip:

"Strip naked" he said looking around the group. He then joined Brian in being totally naked, His erection clear for all to see.

Brian, still trying to hide his semi hardness reached into the bucket.

He smiled: "If male, stroke a woman's breast, if female stroke a man's penis"

He looked around; Sarah was topless as was Jane. Julia had a bra on. He crawled over to Julia who didn't protest as he started stroking her breasts through her bra, before removing it and stroking them and the nipples as they got harder and hotter under his gentle touch. 

"I think you should stop now" Julia reluctantly said as she felt her arousal get more and more and looked down at his now hard prick.

Jane couldn't wait to get her slip, but was disappointed as she read out: "how old were you when you lost your virginity and how many partners have you had"

She looked around the group: "16" she paused before adding with a smile "just and about 15 partners."

John looked at her and reached into the bucket.

"Oh" he paused. "Play with yourself" was all he said. Everyone looked at him wondering if he would and also wondering if they had drawn that slip if they would have.

He stood up and removed his clothes to show a fine erect penis which he started to stroke as though nobody else existed. Everyone's eyes, even the other men, were glued to his hand as he slowly stroked his ever growing prick. After a minute of so he stopped. "I guess I had better stop "he said as he sat down.

Sarah got her next slip. "Snog the person on your left"

She looked at Julia. Both were embarrassed, but she leant over with the thought, lets get this over and done with and kissed and then snogged Julia. She soon stopped, neither were sure about whether they liked it or not but didn't want to prolong the action.

The three women were all only wearing knickers, or in Janes case knickers and trousers. The men were all naked and showing fine erections.

Julia's nakedness was confirmed next with a slip saying dance in front of the group and perform a strip tease.

The others clapped as she did so and without any embarrassment showed her pussy, neatly shaven, for all to see.

Arun was unable to take his eyes of her as he took his slip; "Male or female, finger a woman of your choice"

He so wanted to do so with Julia but thought it better to get one of the other woman naked, and remembering the answer about Jane being shaved, he went over to her, got her to stand up; removed her trousers and knickers and showed off, as she had said, a perfectly shaved pussy which he stroked and fingered, amazed at how wet she was. She started to buck down and squeeze his digit and he was sure had a small orgasm.

Brian suggested he should stop; which to both his and Jane's regret he did.

Brian went and got his slip; and groaned. "Run down the corridor as you are" he read aloud.

He hesitated, but after encouragement from the others he went to the door, carefully opened it and after looking both ways, ran out and with Julia and Arun standing in the door way, he ran down the corridor, turned around and ran back, into the room without being seen.

The group erupted into laughter as they retook their places and congratulated Brian on his bravery.

Jane, still aroused by her experience with Arun took her slip: She blushed; before reading aloud; "Have you either received or given anal"

She hesitated. "Go on Jane, have you" asked Sarah. 

"Eh yes" 

"Was it, you know, good? Or did it hurt?" Sarah asked

"I take it you haven't by your questions" Brian said. 

"God no!" she replied.

Jane looked at her. "Its amazing if it's done right, you know plenty of lube."

The room fell silent. 

John took his turn. "Have you had a same sex experience?" he read aloud. "And the answer is no" he added.

Sarah, the only person still wearing any clothing, still wearing her knickers, took her slip: "Stroke a mans penis"

She looked around and looked at John. She reached out and slowly stroked him, moving his foreskin over the end, marvelling at the noises of appreciation and the wetness as the pre-cum started to appear.

"If you don't want me to cum, you had better stop" he said.

"I don't mind" she said huskily, but stopped anyway, smiling at him.

Julia was next: "remove a piece of clothing from someone."

She looked around and realised that only Sarah had anything to remove, so almost apologetically she went over to her and without any protest from Sarah, removed her knickers for all to see he hairy pussy.

With all of them naked, they realised the game could take a different turn.

"Shall we continue" Arun said, aware that there were only so many slips of paper left, "or should we do something else next."

"We could fulfil fantasies" suggested Jane.

"Like what?" John asked.

"I have always wanted to see a woman play with herself" said Arun.

"Me too" chimed Brian enthusiastically.

"Any volunteers?" John laughed.

Jane looked around. "I will"

They all looked at her as she kept their gaze, before starting to stroke her erect nipples and then putting her hand between her legs. She lay back and opened herself for all to see, her fingers gliding over her wet and open pussy, then playing with her erect clit; her hairless pussy glistening as she played and encouraged herself towards her orgasm.

The others got closer to her, the girls as mesmerised and the boys as Jane's fingers got faster and faster; her moans louder and louder as her orgasm approached. 

"Yes" she cried out, "yes" as she forced two fingers into her pulsating hole as she came and then slowly relaxed got her breathing back to normal.

The others silently resumed their positions.

The quietness was broken by Julia saying: "I've always wanted to see a man jerk off." She and Sarah and Jane looked around the guys.

"I will then" John said, starting to stroke his erection. Because of what had happened it was clear he would not last long, and before anyone could move to get a better look, he cried out and a steam of hot sperm erupted from the end of his prick as he cried out in ecstasy. Julia went and got him a cloth to wipe himself.

"What next?" Arun said.

"One of my fantasies is to watch a woman suck a man" Jane said, looking at Sarah and Julia.

"Mine is to be sucked off in public" Brian said. 

Sarah got up approached Brian, sitting down beside him. She started stroking his rock hard prick, licking her lips in anticipation. She then bent down and started to slowly lick him and suck him. His moans filled the room as she did her magic. He started to thrust as the tingling in his balls indicated his approaching orgasm. Jane was transfixed. She couldn't move as the scene in front of her was taking place. Brian was reaching the point of no return, warning Sarah of the fact, she made no attempt to stop as he came, filling her mouth with his hot a salty cum; she tried and for the most part successfully swallowing it all, just a small amount dribbling out the side of her mouth.

As they both regained their composure and positions, they all looked at each other wondering what would happen next.

Arun's prick was rock hard and he was in some discomfort. Julia seeimg this suggested she help him out. "lie down" she commanded.

She too was aroused and soaking wet. With Arun flat on his back, she sat astride him and put his hard prick straight up and inside herself, and started to quickly ride him. He thrust himself to meet her movements and they both knew that this was going to be over shortly. He warned her he was about to come, and unclear and unaware of contraception, Julia got off him and got in the 69 position, just in time for them both to cum; she totally unable to swallow his prolific ejaculate while she was cumming continuously as he licked and fingered her.

Sarah was aware that she was the only person yet to cum; the others were aware and John had started to stroke her inner thigh as they watched Arun and Julia. His stroking got more bold and he soon had two fingers inside her as she bucked against him, imploring him to make her come.

Brian approached them and he started playing with her clit. This pushed her over the edge, making her cum with a gigantic cry as she clutched both men fingering her pussy and clit.

As they disentangled themselves, they all resumed their positions in the circle.

"So, to next year" Julia said raising a glass, "shall we have another reunion of the school, or just this group?"

"Just this group" John said smiling at the others, "but do we have to wait a year?"