 October 2000

She breathed a sigh of relief as the afternoon bell rang. The children scurried out of the door, backpacks on their backs, relieved, as well, that the day was finally over. Janice yelled, "Don't forget your homework!" to deaf ears, and slumped into her hard, classroom desk chair. 

As she looked at her watch, and noticed she still had thirty more minutes until she could leave the dreaded school, Janice decided to grade a few papers so she wouldn't get behind on her work. Grabbing the red pen, Janice realized she was unable to concentrate on her students' work. She kept making simple mistakes- computing the wrong percentage, writing the wrong grade. All she could think was "red, red pen, red blood," GOSH, she was on her period again, and hadn't had sex in three days!

At 22, Janice Briggs was the youngest teacher at the small elementary school. She was a petite 5'2, 100lbs, with shoulder length sandy brown hair, and green eyes. She always wore short skirts and low cut shirts to work- not too short, or exposed but definitely sexier than your average third grade teacher. 

The principal had taken a chance by hiring her, but he soon learned to love her- in more ways than one. Mr. Jeff Chambers was in his late forties, 6'1, 210 lbs, with a firm build. His beautiful smile, brown hair showing just a few hints of gray, chiseled chin, and strikingly gray bedroom eyes, made him the secret fantasy of every female in the building. 

Janice began to squirm and her pussy got wet as she thought of her sexy boss. She put her hand up her skirt and gently rubbed her fingers on her clit, over her panties. 

She immediately began thinking of the first time she'd seen Mr. Chambers and resisted the urge to move her lacy black thong to the side and finger herself. That day seemed so long ago, but it still aroused Janice. 

September 2000

It was one day about three weeks after school began and Janice was in the building quite late. As she completed some paperwork, she thought about how lonely she had become. She was 3,000 miles away from home, and had no family, close friends, and definitely no boyfriends, in the small, new town. She hadn't had sex in months! As she looked around, she thought she was all alone in the school building, too. So, no, Janice would never have even fathomed that her boss, Jeff Chambers was lustfully lurking right outside her classroom.

Suddenly, she felt herself being watched. She looked up from her desk and saw him standing in the doorway with pure lust in his eyes. Her panties became damp as she looked at the sexy being just a few feet away from her. He approached Janice, saying, 

"Miss Briggs, I've noticed all of the hard work you are doing around here. I appreciate all that you are doing for the children," he said as he stared at her shapely legs under the desk.

She noticed him staring, and immediately blushed. "Well, thanks, sir. It's good to know my work isn't going unnoticed."

"No, Miss Briggs, you are definitely not going unnoticed." He said with a seductive smile. 

Jeff leaned over Janice's desk, getting close enough for her to smell his erotic smelling cologne. 

Janice always had a thing for manly colognes. They instantly made her want to fuck! She could feel her temperature rising and her pulse quickening as Mr. Chambers stood so very close to her.

"Miss Briggs," he said, pausing. "I do believe that you are the sexiest teacher I have ever hired. Your smooth legs, shiny hair, cute butt, small tits," he continued. "You have no clue what you do to me? Do you?"

Janice smirked, knowing that with her being such a nymphomaniac, and him being so sexy, she was going to fuck her boss; right then and there in her classroom. I mean he was almost asking for it.

"Mr. Chambers!" she replied, seductively standing up. She continued, with an inviting smile, "You have no idea how sexy I am."

Jeff thought to himself "Score!" Although he wasn't married, he hadn't had any really good pussy in weeks. Since his girlfriend left him for an executive that made three times the money he did, he had been uninterested in the scores of women throwing themselves at him.

But Janice was different. She was young, fresh, sexy, and petite- the exact opposite of his ex-girlfriend. Janice was a breath of fresh air for him, and he expected that she had a VERY tight twat. He had to have her, now!

Jeff grabbed her chin, kissing her hard. Janice was instantly turned on and accepted his tongue as he put it in her mouth. She kneeled on top of the desk, and the two began kissing wildly. Their arms became a tangled web, rubbing each other, and caressing hair. 

Jeff kissed down the side of Janice's face. Stopping when he got to her neck to kiss and lick up and down it. She emitted low, deep moans.

This was exactly what Janice needed! Her vibrator had been her only form of sexual release for months. She was finally going to get a cock. And from the bulge in Mr. Chamber's pants, she was going to get a nice, big, thick, cock.

Jeff stopped kissing Janice to flip up her flimsy blue sweater and tank top. He palmed her braless tits; with A-Cup breasts, Janice almost always went braless. He thought her small breasts with large pink nipples were the sexiest thing he'd ever seen. He admired them for a second before attacking them. He sucked the right nipple while palming the left tit. 

"Oooooo, Mr. Chambers," Janice panted as she moaned erotically.

Janice's nipples were rock hard and Jeff's dick was getting stiffer and stiffer in his pants. He stuck his index finger and thumb into her mouth. Raging with sex, Janice eagerly sucked them. When he pulled them out, he pinched her left nipple with them and twisted hard. 

Janice was the horniest she'd been in weeks. She moaned in ecstasy. The combination of sucking, biting, and pinching, had her on the brink of cumming. Mr. Chambers switched his movements putting his hand on her right breast and nibbling on her left nipple. Janice grabbed the back of his head pulling him into her. She was in a state of pure bliss.

Just as Janice was about to cream in her panties, the two were interrupted by the janitor, Scott Brown, clearing his throat to announce his presence.

"Um, ya'll forgot to lock the door," he said sarcastically. "And, I know," he continued, "that what you two are doing is against school board policy." 

Scott chuckled as Janice and Mr. Chambers realized the predicament they were in. Janice began to cry softly, as she thought her career would definitely be over! And being the small town that it was, EVERYONE would soon know that she was a slut.

"Wait," Mr. Chambers stuttered, "I'm sure we can work something out, Scott, don't you think?"

"Well," Scott began, seizing his opportunity for some ass, "that sexy little bitch, Miss Briggs, is always shaking her shit in my face. Reaching for high shelves, erasing the top of the chalkboard, standing on chairs," he said, as he licked his lips.

Janice looked at Scott Brown and at once noticed how attractive he was. A black man, in his early thirties, Scott was about 6'6, with chiseled arms, a broad chest, huge hands and feet and a shiny bald head. Scott was the exact opposite of Mr. Chambers, and Janice loved it! 

She wasn't opposed to having sex with a black man, or having sex with two men, for that matter. So in Janice's oversexed mind, she decided she would have sex with both of them. Upon her self-revelation, she immediately stopped crying and looked to the janitor. 

"Scott," she said batting her green eyes seductively. "If you wanted to see my sexy ass, all you had to do was ask."

Mr. Chambers breathed a sigh of relief. He knew hiring this hot, young cunt would work out in his favor.

Scott smiled. He knew as he walked to the front of the desk where Mr. Chambers had resumed sucking Janice's nipples, that his dreams were about to come true. He kissed her with reckless abandon. He kissed like a man longing for a kiss. Janice kissed him back, and the lust between them grew. Janice grabbed the bulge in Scott's pants and rubbed. Their mouths popped apart as he leaned his head back with closed his eyes, enjoying the feeling of her small, cool hand on his raging hot bulge.

Jeff looked to his right and smiled at the scene he saw. Watching petite little Janice palming her milky hand over the bulge in a massively large black man's pants turned him on. He had to have the little slut.

Jeff ripped off Janice's top and sweater, so both he and Scott could enjoy her luscious tits. Scott began biting on her nipple- hard. Janice was cumming gallons of pussy juice. Her panties were soaked.

Jeff pulled Janice off of the desk. As she stood before the horn men, she could feel her breathing quickening. She wanted those two dicks in her mouth.

Jeff pulled down Janice's black pencil skirt. He had to tug on it because it hugged her tiny hips very tightly. He could almost see the outline of her thong from the back. Although the skirt stopped slightly above her knee, it had a split that went as high up as the mind could imagine. 

But no matter how sexy she looked in the skirt and sweater combo, Jeff tugged with all his might to get it off. One final tug and it came down with ease. 

Scott rubbed his large rough hand over her ass. It was smooth and creamy. He spun her around. Jeff realized what Scott was trying to do and pushed her over the desk so her thong-clad ass was in the air.

Startlingly, Jeff looked to the door.

Scott laughed, "I locked it, man; chill!"

"Hey," Jeff laughed embarrassingly, "The last time we got hot and heavy, someone walked through the door!"

Scott winked, "Yeah, I bet you never thought I'd come walking through that door!"

Frustrated, Janice whimpered, "Okay guys, what about me?"

The men remembered the hot slut in front of them. Jeff sat on the floor under Janice's pussy and began to gently lick it. He licked slowly from the bottom of her tight hole to the tip of her clit. He leisurely licked her clit as she moaned loudly.

Scott stood behind Janice, treasuring her trim ass cheeks. He lightly rubbed each one. His touch was feathery but along with Mr. Chamber's pussy licking, Janice was turned on!

Jeff began licking Janice's pussy more furiously. He fucked her pussy hole with his tongue and she bucked against it, grinding her pussy into his face. She wanted his tongue deeper in her tight twat. She wanted to cum all over it.

She wouldn't be far off cumming because as she moaned louder, Scott began slapping her ass cheeks. His rough hand began slapping harder and harder, making her cheeks as red as roses. She didn't care, though. It was making her cum, and Scott knew it. 

It finally hit her; she began cumming all over Mr. Chamber's face. Her moans turned to a high squeal at the height of it. Jeff lapped up all the juices he could. Her pussy tasted delectable. Her orgasm slowly subsided.

The room was silent until Scott interjected, "Okay, bitch, you came. Now get on your fucking knees."

Janice loved being talked to like a slut. She desperately wanted to be a slut, fucking everything she could get her hands on; but she was afraid of the dirty looks, and stares of her neighbors, colleagues, and friends.

Janice didn't care about any of that, right then. She got on her knees and undid Mr. Chamber's belt buckle. Impatient, Scott began to undo his own, and soon his pants were slung across the room, a distant memory. 

Seeing this, Janice grabbed Scott's dick and immediately began sucking the monster. It had to be 9 inches long and as thick as her wrist! She put as much of it in her mouth as she could, and Scott began fucking her face with fury; he'd been waiting for this day since school began.

"Damn!" Scott thought. "This little bitch is HOT! I've never had my dick sucked like this before."

Jeff finished removing his pants and put his dick in Janice's face. "Oooh, Scott," she said, as she jacked his dick with her hand, "Your cock is bigger than I thought. I hope it fits in my tiny pussy," she said temptingly. 

She continued jacking Scott's dick and took her boss' dick into her mouth; although not as big as Scott's, Mr. Chamber's dick was still about 7.5 inches and very thick. 

"What a lucky slut I am," Janice thought.

Mr. Chambers moaned as Janice deep throated his dick. He slowly moved it in and out of his throat, holding her hair tightly with his sizeable hands.

Janice removed her mouth from Mr. Chambers and jacked both of the men.

"How does it feel, boys?" she asked. "Do you like my mouth? Want my pussy?"

The men groaned as Janice's dirty talk and her constant jacking on their dicks was making them both extremely horny.

Janice began sucking Scott's dick again, and soon she was sucking each one for about thirty seconds before going to the other. She alternated between dicks for about five minutes, until Mr. Chambers interposed. 

"I've got to fuck this slut, NOW!" he yelled.

Jeff pulled out one of the short student chairs and motioned for Janice to sit down in it. He got on his knees and his erect dick was pointing directly at her pussy. And with Scott's height, and the shortness of the chair, his dick was pointing directly at her mouth, while he stood up.

"Good thinking, boss," said Scott.

"Um, Scott, I think, under the circumstances, you can call me Jeff."

Everyone laughed, as Jeff pummeled his dick into Janice's waiting pussy.

"It so fucking tight!" he wailed.

Janice moaned loudly. Mr. Chamber's cock felt SO good. It was the biggest cock she'd ever had and she loved it.

"Fuck me, Jeff. Fuck this tight pussy," she grunted though moans.

Jeff fucked her harder and faster. 

She screamed and moaned, "Yes, yes, yes, fuck this pussy, baby. Make me cum on your cock, baby; make me cum!"

Scott, thinking she was doing too much talking, shoved his dick into Janice's mouth so hard she gagged. 

"Hell yeah, bitch, take this shit," Scott muttered harshly.

Janice sucked Scott's dick wildly. The scene became too much for Jeff who pulled his dick out of her tight cunt and came all over her tits.

Scott pulled his dick out of her mouth with a plop and Mr. Chambers moved to the side. Scott pulled Janice up by her arm and sat down in the small chair. He pulled her on top of his lap. She held his dick to guide it into her pussy. Just the head stretched her tiny, used hole. 

"You have the biggest dick I've ever felt!" Janice groaned.

He grabbed her shoulders and roughly pushed her onto it. She moaned in pleasure as his big cock stretched her hole in every direction. 

Slowly she began lifting herself and sitting back on it. He lifted his head to her breasts and sucked her nipples. Her pussy got wetter and wetter. Soon, all that could be heard from the trio were moans and the sounds of Janice's gushing pussy.

Jeff had moved to the side of the chair, so Janice could suck his dick while he watched her ride Scott's dick.

After Janice had successfully cleaned Jeff's dick of sperm and pussy juice, she began to ride Scott out of control. She bounced hard and fast on Scott's dick.

"Fuck this slutty white pussy!" screamed Janice. "Fuck me with your big, hard, black cock!"

Screaming and moaning, an orgasm unexpectedly rocked her body.

Janice's pussy got tighter around Scott's dick as it shuddered again and again. The pressure from her pussy overtook Scott's mind and he grabbed her ass tightly as he spewed cum deep into her cunt.

As her receding orgasm allowed her to settle down, Janice hopped off of Scott's dick and got on her knees in between his legs.

Gently, and lovingly, she licked his cock clean. With her eyes, she urged Mr. Chambers to join them, and she sucked his cock too.

"Hey, Jeff, I think our little slut needs a nice cleaning, herself; what do you think?" Scott asked Jeff.

"Mmmm, hell yeah!" Jeff responded. "But, since I already had a taste, why don't you do the honors?"

"MmHmm, you are one generous boss," Scott said, graciously.

Scott effortlessly lifted Janice's petite body up and directed her pussy to his face. She instantly began to moan as her clit was very sensitive from all the stimulation and cumming four times already! 

Scott thoroughly cleaned out Janice's pussy as she came for the last time of the evening. When her tensed body relaxed, Scott put Janice on the floor; sexually relieved, everyone began putting their clothes back on.

Once dressed, Mr. Chambers exited first, saying "Miss Briggs, I hope to see this side of you again. And, Scott, be sure you clean this room very well," he winked.

With Mr. Chambers gone, Jeff saw it was his time to leave as well. He leaned in and kissed Janice. She kissed him back.

"See you around, I'll come back to clean this room" Scott said, as he left.

Janice smiled to herself as she gathered her things and left the building for home.

October 2000

Janice's thoughts snapped back to the papers on her desk. She remembered that day; that day two weeks ago had been the most sexually liberating day of Janice's life. Although she and Mr. Chambers had not had sex again, she knew it was coming.

He always sent sexy notes to her classroom- telling her how hot she looked, or asking her what color panties she was wearing. The sexual attraction was definitely there. And there was no way Janice was going to let it pass her by!