 Jack twists his head from side to side in a vain attempt to crack his neck. The last college student has finally walked out of his last class of the day and he's looking forward to getting in and out of the office as quickly as possible so he can enjoy the long weekend. Shouldn't be hard to do since it's so late in the afternoon and he'll probably be one of the few left in the suite of offices, much less the building. 

J.J. walks down the hallway, her heels clicking on the tile floor as she checks out the numbers over the classroom doors. She nervously blows an errant strand of hair out of her eyes... should I really be doing this? But she can't get Jack out of her thoughts and thinks maybe it's time she took the initiative for a change. She takes a deep breath as she finds the right door. Hope he feels the same way. 

Jack starts erasing the day's work from the ever-present chalkboard. After a few seconds and midway through his erasing, he hears a soft female voice behind him that makes him jump a little. 

"Hey, Professor..." 

Damn, thought I was done with... he never finishes that thought as he turns and sees her standing there, leaning against the doorframe at the top of the arena-style classroom. Even twenty feet away, her position above him gives her an unconscious sense of power, but Jack knows that she'd have that even if she was standing right in front of him. 

J.J. is dressed... well, "to impress" is the cliché that comes to mind, but clichés come about for a reason. Jack's eyes start at her black 3-inch heels and roam up her legs to admire the black pencil skirt that hugs her hips. He slowly takes in the view of her ivory lace blouse over a black shirt, topped off with what looks like a cameo at her throat; this gives her a vintage look that is undeniably sexy. She's let her short hair go back to its natural brown and her eyes twinkle behind her glasses. 

Jack stands there, a forgotten eraser still in one hand, as she slowly walks down the steps of the classroom to him. A hundred questions rush through his mind, but he's still speechless at the surprise. One part of him doesn't question a thing, though, and that's the surge of blood into his cock that quickly starts to tent his dark-blue slacks. 

J.J. finally reaches the bottom of the classroom and leans against the first row of desk tabletops, her hands resting behind her and on either side. This position pushes out her chest and widens her stance, thrusting her pelvis out to him. More blood surges into Jack's cock and he realizes that she is not looking at his face any more, but smiling widely at the visible effect she's having on his body a few feet lower. 

"Happy to see me, Professor?" Jack puts the eraser back on the blackboard's tray and takes a step closer to her. 

"Of course, I'm happy to see you, J.J.... but what are you... I mean, how did you find... uhhh, don't you have to work today?" Jack feels like a teenager again as he fumbles his words and tries to regain his mental balance. J.J. smiles without any malice at his stammering and Jack smiles back on reflex. Looking into her eyes, he starts to feel the heat between them simmer again and that washes away any awkwardness he feels. 

"Well, they let me go early and I was thinking of you..." J.J. pauses and looks demurely down at her feet. "And... I thought turn-about should be fair play... you know?" She looks up at him and he sees a myriad of emotions there - doubt, passion, lust, a little fear, but all laced with an undercurrent of resolve that makes Jack even harder still. 

Jack steps even closer to her until he's directly in front of her, resting his hands on her hips. He watches her bite her lower lip as he slips his body between her legs and pushes her against the tabletop. He brushes his fingertips down her cheek and swears he can feel the heat between them coalesce and build between the thin material barely separating their crotches from each other. 

"You call being dressed like that 'fair play'? You could give a guy a heart attack, but at least he'd die happy." 

"Oh, so you like?" J.J. rests one hand on his chest and Jack automatically pushes even closer to her, knowing she must feel his throbbing cock pushing against her. She confirms this by pushing back against him just a little and stifling a moan. 

"Yeah, I think you know I "like", my dear... but I thought you were one of my students at first. Not that I'm complaining, but I certainly didn't expect this when I turned around." 

J.J.'s heart beats faster as she instantly realizes what she wants to do. I bet he's fantasized about this at some point, too. Her hand moves slowly down Jack's chest, past his stomach and waist, until her fingertips graze and trace against his hard cock. Now he's the one who has to stifle a moan at her knowing touch. 

"Oh, really? Well, Professor, I was hoping that I could talk to you about my attendance in class? I mean, I know I've missed more than a few days, but I do have a good excuse." 

Jack clears his throat as her fingers roam over his cock straining in his slacks. He barely has enough blood upstairs to form coherent sentences, but he tries his best. "Well... you know my attendance policy... I mean, I do let students miss a certain amount of days, but after that..." 

He moans out loud as J.J. squeezes his cock through his slacks and he feels pre-cum seep through his boxer shorts. He catches her eye and sees the doubt and fear gone now, replaced by amusement and lust. 

J.J. feels almost light-headed with this new sense power she feels over Jack; any doubts are washed away by the juices flowing through her and into her panties. "Oh, I know, but I have a really good reason, Professor. You see, I have a confession to make..." J.J. moves her hand slowly to Jack's belt and toys with the end of it. 

"I have a little bit of a crush on you and I just can't concentrate when I'm sitting here and watching you... at least I can't concentrate on what you're teaching." 

Jack's breathing quickens as he realizes where she's going with this. A small part of his brain is trying to warn him about getting caught, but it's overwhelmed by the passion she's generating inside him. 

"Just a little bit of a crush?", he jokes in an attempt to gain some control. 

J.J. squeezes his cock through his slacks again - but hard this time - and Jack's mouth drops and eyes close as he lets out a low and deep half-moan, half-growl. That sound alone makes J.J.'s wet pussy gush even more and strengthens her resolve to continue with this little scene. She leans in closer to him and whispers in his ear. "OK, maybe more than just a little bit... but I think I have an idea how to help me concentrate..." 

Jack tries another smart-assed retort about what exactly she would concentrate on, but he loses his voice as he watches her kneel in front of him. She unzips his slacks and slides her hands into the hole created there. She rubs against his cock that strains the soft cloth of his boxers and smiles up at him. J.J. pushes his boxers up over the head of his cock until it pops out through his zipper into the cooler air of the classroom. 

J.J. wraps her hand around his shaft, but can barely close her fingers entirely around it. She loves its thick girth and that slmost-bursting feeling it gives her deep in her pussy. Leaning closer until Jack can feel her breath on the purple head of his cock, J.J. sighs and watches it twitch at the feeling. "Oh yes, this should help tremendously..." 

J.J. slides the head of Jack's cock into her mouth and sucks gently on it, making Jack grunt and exhale explosively. He watches her rotate her mouth in a circular motion around the head of his cock and feels her tongue slide over every inch of it. His fingers tangle in her hair as she lavishes his cock with her tongue and lips. Jack tries to thrust more of his cock into her mouth, but J.J. now has both hands wrapped around the base of it and is in complete control. 

Not taking the head of Jack's cock out of her mouth, J.J. looks up at him with her hazel eyes over the top of her glasses. Jack's mouth hangs open as he breathes faster and meets her gaze; J.J. swears she can feel his cock thicken even more between her lips. She slowly sinks his cock into her mouth until her lips meet her fingers wrapped around the base and just as slowly pulls back until his swollen cockhead pops out, glistening with her saliva. 

"Well... Professor... do you think maybe we can make some type of 'arrangement' about my attendance?" J.J. licks her lips and kisses the underside of Jack's cock, feeling the blood surge through it in her hands. She moves one hand to cup Jack's balls and squeezes slightly, feeling their soft weight. 

Jack's voice cracks as he fights to maintain control. "Well... I guess that depends on how far you're willing to go for this class." 

J.J. doesn't answer him, at least not aloud... her reply is to slide his cock deep into her mouth, almost to her throat, and suck mightily on it. Jack watches her cheeks hollow as she moves her mouth up and down his cock, the warmth of her mouth driving him crazy. Jack widens his stance in an attempt to keep his balance and closes his eyes as J.J. works his cock in and out of her mouth. 

The slurping sound of her mouth on him and her hand softly squeezing his balls is slowly driving Jack insane with pleasure. He finally opens his eyes to look back down at her, but freezes in place and unconsciously pulls his cock out of her mouth with an audible pop. 

J.J. moans in disappointment, but Jack barely hears it. He could have sworn he saw a face in the window of the door at the top of the classroom, but there's no one there now. That warning voice that had been overwhelmed before is now yelling stridently in Jack's head; he forces his hard and wet cock back into his pants and pulls J.J. to her feet. 

J.J. is confused and a little scared... did I do something he didn't like? Jack sees this in an instant on her face and silences any questions with a kiss. A long, passionate kiss that J.J. feels in her pussy first, but spreads out into every part of her body. He breaks from the kiss and stares into her eyes, passion and heat flying out from those blue eyes that always captivate her. 

"I'm sorry, baby, but maybe we should continue discussing your... attendance... somewhere a little more private?" Jack cups her breast in his hand and feels her hard nipple grind against his palm. "Maybe my office?" 

J.J. moans and breaks out into a big smile. "Sure, Professor." She bounces up the steps of the classroom and stops at the door, turning her head to look back at him. "Are you 'coming'?" 

Jack laughs at her pun and sprints up the steps to catch her. "Oh yes, my dear..." He opens the door and gives a quick look down both ends of the hallway. Nobody there, but I could have sworn... Jack squashes that thought as he grabs J.J.'s hand and pulls her toward the bank of elevators a few feet away. His cock is still straining through his pants and he has more important things to concentrate on. 

As they ride up in the elevator, Jack stands behind J.J. and wraps his arms around her waist. Pulling her back into him, he feels his hard cock against the pencil skirt and pushes it between her ass cheeks. They both moan as J.J. pushes her ass against Jack and he kisses the back of her neck. The elevator dings, the doors open as they reach the floor his office is on, and they both almost run down the hallway. 

Luckily, no one is in the suite of offices at the moment or Jack would probably have some heavy explaining to do. There are only two coherent thoughts in his head right now, however: he's glad his boss never saw fit to make him share his office with another professor and he's even more glad he snagged the oversized plush office chair from surplus when he had the chance. Jack has no doubt it will get a lot of use in the next few minutes. 

Jack pulls J.J. into his office, turns her around, and pushes her against the door to close it, all without even turning the lights on. In the dark, he pins her hands over her head and her body against the door with his. He kisses her passionately and feels her hips squirm against his, almost as if they are trying to fit his cock better between them. 

He finally breaks away from the kiss and flips the light switch up. He stands there and watches her as she leans back against the door, her breathing heavy. Her hair is slightly tousled now and she has a fine sheen of sweat on her forehead, but that overall look only makes Jack want her more. 

"Turn around." J.J. smiles and slowly turns in front of him, his eyes devouring her. When her back is to him, he grabs her hips to stop her and caresses her waist - first from the sides, then around the front, and then on to the back. J.J. moans and her hips unconsciously sway as Jack's soft touch heats her up even more. 

Jack reaches for the zipper of the pencil skirt and slowly pulls it down to its stop. He kisses the back of J.J.'s neck as he slowly pushes the skirt down her hips until it lies in a puddle at her feet. Continuing to caress her hips and waist, he pushes her wet panties down as well, kneeling behind her as they join the skirt. 

Jack helps her lift first one leg, then the other, out of the pile of clothing and pushes them away. J.J. starts to turn around, but Jack stops her with both hands firmly holding her backside. "Don't move, stay right there." His deep and rough, yet commanding tone makes J.J. wetter still, though she didn't think that was possible. Jack spreads her ass cheeks until he can see her pussy, swollen and red with desire. 

J.J. gasps as she feel Jack's tongue dive into her pussy from behind. She unconsciously widens her stance and pushes her ass back to give him better access. Holding her hips tightly, Jack swipes his tongue up and down, tasting her sweet juices start to cover his tongue and lips. He mashes his mouth to her pussy, pushing his tongue deep into her and swirling it around. 

J.J. reaches under her shirt to play with her breasts, squeezing her own nipples and loving the sparks of pleasure that shoot down her body to her pussy. As much as she loves the feeling of Jack eating her out, she needs something more in her... something that will fill her as deep as anything ever has. 

Somehow, she squirms off of Jack's pleasuring and questing tongue and turns around. Jack stands and she kisses him hard, tasting her juices on his lips and in his mouth. She moans at the taste and fumbles with his belt and pants. Jack helps her as they finally push and shove his pants and boxers down around his ankles, forcing him to take a few steps back to keep his balance. 

Before either one of them can do anything further, the backs of Jack's knees hit the front of his office chair and he falls unceremoniously into it. J.J. giggles at the sight before her: Jack's slightly stunned expression, his pants and boxers snagged around his ankles, but his cock hard and true, the purple head glistening as his erection sticks almost straight up. 

That sight of Jack's obvious desire calms her brief bout of giggles and she bites her lip in anticipation. She takes one step toward Jack and then straddles his legs. Jack stares at her intensely, the heat and passion between them not needing any words. He shifts his weight slightly forward on the large chair which pushes his cock front and center. 

Neither one breaking eye contact, J.J. reaches down and grasps Jack's cock in her hand, squeezing it gently and making the purple head turn an even darker shade. She squats over Jack's lap and guides her sopping wet pussy on top of that head, using her hand to slide his cock back and forth between her pussy lips. Both of them groan loudly as she slowly - almost like a slow torture even - lowers herself onto Jack's cock until its hardness is completely buried to the hilt in her deep, tight pussy. 

J.J.'s mouth hangs open in pleasure and her eyes close as she shifts back and forth in slow movements to accommodate his girth, wanting his cock to fill her so completely. Jack takes the hem of her shirt and lifts it up, forcing her to raise her arms until he can lean forward and take it off. He throws the shirt into a corner of the office and caresses her breasts gently, feeling their softness between his fingers. 

J.J. finally opens her eyes to see him smiling up at her. She smiles back and leans forward, unbuttoning the top button of his dress shirt. Neither one of them has said a word in what seems like forever, but they both instinctively know what to do. As she finishes unbuttoning his shirt, Jack leans forward and she pushes it down over his shoulders. 

That's as far as she needs it to go... all she wants is to see his hairy, muscular chest and run her fingers through his chest hair. Scratching gently and causing Jack's eyes to narrow in pleasure, she runs her hands down and across his chest and stomach. Jack rests his hands on her hips and pushes her hips more firmly down on his own. With a little smirk on his face, he doesn't seem to move a muscle, but J.J. somehow feels his cock twitch and jump in her tight pussy. 

"Ohhhh..." she moans and her eyes widen in pleasure. How can he...? Then she realizes it must be something similar to certain exercises women perform; Jack is flexing his Kegel muscles as hard as he can. Given that her pussy is filled to the brim with his hard cock, he can't make it move too much but it's enough to send shivers up and down her spine. 

Those shivers cause her to start riding Jack's cock, feeling its soft steel probe her insides. Both of them close their eyes as the pleasure courses through their veins. Jack is the first to open his; he watches J.J.'s lithe body bounce up and down in front of him, her breasts swaying seductively in front of him. 

He brings his hands from her hips to her back and pulls her upper body to him until he can catch the nipple of her right breast into his mouth. J.J. moans and opens her eyes to watch him suckle on the jutting nipple and the soft flesh that surrounds it. When Jack switches to her other breast and lavishes the same attention on it, J.J. runs her fingers through his short salt-and-pepper hair and pulls his head tighter to her. 

J.J. loves not only the obvious friction that her position is causing - her clitoris consistently rubbing against Jack's pelvis on each down-thrust - but the power she has over the whole scene. I should have done this to him a long time ago. She dictates how fast or slow the pace is and Jack is happy to watch her alternate speed and pressure to her body's whims. Taking a brief respite from her breasts, he watches avidly as a slight blush appears above them and spreads to her neck. 

Jack moves his hands from her back to pull her shoulders down and closer to him. He kisses up and down her neck, sucking in some places and barely caressing in others. He moves his mouth to her ear and pinches the lobe between his lips and teeth before whispering to her in time with her thrusts. 

"Fuck me, J.J. Ride my cock and cum on it. I want you to fill yourself up with it. Do it." 

J.J. rides Jack's cock harder and faster as his talk spurs her on. She was close before, but now she knows she's right on the precipice of the chasm of her orgasm. 

"Do it, J.J. Do it now because I can't hold back much longer... I'm gonna cum in you." 

That last sentence is the final straw for J.J.; she pushes herself down hard onto Jack's lap and feels his throbbing cock thicken in her tight pussy. She pushes her head into the crook of Jack's shoulder, biting it to keep from screaming as her body shivers and twists in his embrace. She feels her juices run out of her body, covering Jack's balls, as her pussy clamps down on his cock time and again. 
