 Hanging around in the pickup area waiting for school to come out is not the most exciting thing in the world. All these parents, mostly mothers, waiting for their special little people to come out of school so they can hear about the adventures of the day. Little cliques form in corners to make polite conversation until the magic bell rings and the pickup area floods with noisy boisterous children.

At the start of the New Year I noticed a new face which was attached to a very attractive body. The face and body belonged to a Filipino woman who moved in very different circles from mine and we never really intersected. Her face was sweet and round with deep brown eyes and a beautiful white smile. Her long dark hair hung past her waist and she always wore it loose. Her body was compact and shapely, about five feet tall, and very slender Her breasts, a handful of pert roundness which I imagined would be beautiful to touch and to lick. She had a pert round arse that poked out. Again, it seemed like it was made to be gripped, it was the right size for a hand to grasp.

She dressed differently from most other school mums, young and sexy. Her jeans always fitted well and showed her arse to perfection these were teamed with tops that moulded to her body and were often unbuttoned to show the swell of those beautiful breasts underneath. She never looked slutty but had a young vibrant healthy sexuality that was seemingly unconscious. While she was not overtly trying to attract attention, she seemed to be aware that she was attractive and that it was normal for other people to look at her. 

When I first saw her I thought she was too young to be a mother and she must be an older sister of the boy she took home every day but when I got a closer look I decided that she was a little older than I thought and she was just fortunate to have that agelessness that many Asians have. I was drawn to her in a way that I sometimes am to certain women. I found myself looking at her more than I felt was normal. I worried that she would see me and think,

"Who is this strange person who keeps staring at me," so I tried to not look at her but it was hard. 

One day I went to hang out and wait for the bell and the ensuing tide of noisy excited children and she came along with a tall, not unattractive man. They sat next to me and she sat on his lap. I was in no doubt that this man was her partner.

She turned to me and said, "I am Kim and this is my husband Steve."

"Hi there," I replied. "Nice to meet you both. What class is your son in?" 

"He is in year one," she replied. "I really like this school, everyone here is so friendly."

We chatted for a while about kid and school stuff. Then the bell went. Our respective children came running up noisily demanding our attention. I said goodbye and turned to leave when she surprised me by asking,

"Can I get your number? You seem like a really nice person and I would like to get a coffee sometime if you would like." 

"Sure," I said and I gave her a business card. "You can use that mobile any time if you like. I'll see you later."

"OK, I'll give you a call sometime." She replied, and we parted company.

As I walked away I noticed her husband checking me out. I am not unattractive myself and so am used to this happening from time to time. I had a weird inkling of what was going through his head and while this was a similar idea to mine, I was a little thrown by a couple checking me out at school. 

I was a little unprepared for the phone call that I received the next day, during school hours of course. We chatted for a while about this and that, kids, households etc. We talked about our husbands and I was happy to hear her praising her man as I really don't like those women who think it is cool to sit around and moan about the shortcomings of their partners. I love my husband and it makes me proud to be able to tell other people about his abilities. I also wanted to make sure she understood that there were no issues in my marriage and that I was not looking for a 'bit on the side' so to speak. 

We met for coffee the next day. I would have given thousands to know what anyone who might have been listening to our conversation would have thought. After "Hello," and, "How are you?" she got straight down to business. 

"So, you are bisexual." It was more of a statement than a question.

"Yes I am," I waited for the next question before giving too much away. 

"Have you and your husband ever had sex with other people?" A very brave question. I frowned because I wanted to make sure that I understood what she was asking.

I took a breath, "We sometimes have sex with other couples as a couple," there, I said it! 

She seemed pleased, "So you have seen both of us. What do you think? Would you and your husband consider us?" She seemed eager and enthusiastic.

I was a little taken aback at how forward she was being. Not that it was a bad thing. This was saving hours of small talk, wondering what was really being said and trying to 'read between the lines'. 

"Certainly, I find you especially attractive but I like your husband as well and I am sure that my husband would feel the same way. The only thing would be that you have not seen him yet." 

"Do you have a picture of him with you?"

I showed her a photo from my phone and added the comment that although the photo didn't show it he was very well endowed. She seemed impressed.

"He looks very nice, very kind and caring."

"Yes, he is. He is a very considerate lover. We have other partners who enjoy his attention very much."

We made plans for the four of us to meet for drinks that weekend. We talked about the possibility of play and Kim said that their house would be free so if we felt that things were good after a drink we would be able to retire to somewhere more private and get to know each other really well.

On the night we were nervous and excited. I was particularly keen to see if Kim's body was as good as I had imagined. Since our coffee Babe had seen and briefly met Kim at school.

She sent me a text afterward saying, "He is even better in person. I can't wait to see his penis. I also want to see your pussy." A jolt went through me to think that this hot woman was having fantasies about me.

We met at the agreed time and place. Away from normal school time Kim dressed in more revealing clothes. She wore a short nightclub style dress. It was very low cut in the front and her breasts swelled invitingly underneath it. Her legs were smooth and brown and she sat with her knees slightly apart as if she were inviting someone to stroke her coffee coloured thigh. 

While we chatted and 'got to know each other' I was interested to see Babe do just what she was inviting. He leaned slightly forward and put his hand on her leg. She moved her knees apart slightly further and looked him straight in the eye daring him to go higher. He obliged, stroking her inner thigh. She leaned back and sighed and I could almost see her nipples. 

"You like watching her," Steve's voice was soft in my ear. He had moved so that his body was behind me and he could slip his hand into the top of my dress and cup my breast. 

I leaned my head back and replied, "It makes me want to put my tongue in there."

He moved a little closer and I could feel his erection against my back, strong and throbbing. I threw back the rest of my drink and the rest of us followed suit. 

The car ride back to their place was interesting. The girls sat in the back together. We spent the time exploring each other's mouths with our tongues. We kissed and put our hands everywhere that we could, inside each other's tops and up each other's dresses. I stroked between her legs and felt the heat and wetness there. I felt my own body respond in the same way and a gush of wetness spread across the top of my legs and I groaned. I took my finger out and tasted her juice. She watched my face and then spread her legs and pulled her panties aside so I could see her beautifully formed pussy. 

I leaned forward to gently taste her, touching her outer lips with my tongue before teasing her swelling clit and then slipping my tongue into her pussy. She moaned in appreciation. I kept tasting and feeling her clit grow on my tongue and her pussy spurting juice into my mouth. I was not aware that the car had stopped until I felt hands on my arse under my dress. I looked up into the face of her husband who leaned down to taste his wife's juices on my tongue.

I got out of the car and kissed Babe letting him get a preview of her taste for himself. He was so turned on I could feel his dick throbbing against my thigh as we watched Steve tasting Kim's pussy. After a while it was too much and Babe pushed me against the car kissing and running his hands over my body. I had my hands down his pants stroking his throbbing dick. We were disturbed by Steve standing beside us holding his tiny wife in his arms. 

"Let's go inside." 

We rushed up the steps. 

Once inside we got down to business pretty quickly. It seemed we walked in the door and the next minute everyone was naked. I got my first look at Kim as nature intended. She was a beautiful as I had imagined. Her breasts were pert and unaffected by either gravity or motherhood and her slender waist swelled gently into a perfect heart shaped ass. I moved towards her and kissed her full on the mouth while gently stroking her back and ass. She responded fully opening her mouth to let my tongue in and pressing her body against her own. When the kiss ended her husband pulled her gently away.

"While we are both finding this very entertaining I think it is my turn here." 

She smiled at him and gave him a deep passionate kiss while standing on her tiptoes. Then she moved over to Babe. Gently she pushed him down on the couch and began to lick his dick from the bottom to the tip she then took his dick into her mouth and began sucking. From the look on his face I could tell that he was enjoying it immensely.

Steve said to me, "Since they are hogging the couch there is a bed just through here."

He took me into the bedroom and laid me down on the bed. He pushed my legs open and began licking my pussy gently at first, teasing me. I could feel the wetness building up and he leaned back slightly and blew on my clit. I could feel it growing and he started licking me again. He was tongue was like magic, I had never had such a good head job. As I got closer to climax he penetrated me with his tongue and also with his fingers, I was teetering on the edge but he was not going to let me go over just yet. 

He paused for a while and to give myself a break I leaned over and started to suck his beautiful dick. I took all of him into my mouth feeling him pushing down the back of my throat and sucked him up and down. He was groaning with pleasure as I continued to stimulate him. As he had done with me when I felt the excitement building up in him I would stop for a while and tease the tip of his penis with my tongue or lick his balls which he loved. 

Kim came into the room with Babe in tow, "What is going on here?" she asked in a playful way. 

"We could hear all this groaning and came to get some of what you are having."

She lay on the bed beside me and we kissed for a while then we took turns sucking Steve's penis. While she had his shaft in her mouth she kissed me and our tongues played together over the head of his dick. As she took him deeply into her throat I licked his balls. 

He groaned with pleasure but finally through clenched teeth he gasped, "If you don't stop now I will cum over both your beautiful faces."

We turned to Babe.

"Your turn now."

"Mate," Steve said sounding like he had just run a marathon, "You gotta try that, it's the best fucking head job I ever had."

We started taking turns on Babe, as he became more and more excited so did I, feeding off his sexual energy. Kim also became more animated making little squeals and grunts in time with us. 

Steve was watching all of us closely. He kept both his hands busy by stroking and teasing both Kim's and my pussies. Finally Babe could stand it no more; he pushed Kim off of him and pulled me on to his shaft thrusting deeply into me while I leaned back. Kim licked my pussy and Babe's dick as he pushed into me. 

Steve was pumping her from behind. She pushed back against him and I could see that they were both close to climax. Babe and I twisted around so that we could see his dick going into her pussy. Then as both of them screamed in climax we could see his cum around his dick. Babe was so turned on he flipped me over and within a few strokes we were both coming ourselves. 

Afterwards we lay on the bed together. Kim and I were close stroking each other and kissing gently. Kissing a woman is so soft and beautiful. I never wanted to stop drinking her lips. We were like cats in the sun, slow and sensual like we had all the time in the world to enjoy each other. We kissed slowly really feeling each other and all the time stroking and feeling each other's skin. We pressed together so that our breasts touched and our arms were wound tightly around each other. 

As we did this our kissing became deeper and we pressed against each other harder I pressed my leg between her thighs and she did the same to me and we pleasured ourselves by rubbing up against each other's thighs. The guys were getting over their shuddering climaxes and were stroking us feeling our asses and watching intently as we kissed and pleasured ourselves.

"Some guys would pay thousands to see this and we get to watch for free," commented Steve.

"Yes it is the best porn I have ever seen," agreed Babe. 

The guys seemed happy to lie back and watch the show as we explored each other's bodies with our hands and our tongues. I licked Kim's nipples and then gently sucked them. They felt amazing in my mouth full and hard as I stimulated them. 

I gently explored her pussy with my hand. She was wet with Steve's cum and her own juices. 

I bent down and tasted it. I ran my tongue over her clit, she moaned in response. I kept licking and put my finger inside her moving it back and forth she responded by arching her back and groaning. I felt and tasted a gush of warmth from her pussy as she became more and more turned on and her muscles contracted tighter and tighter as she became more excited. 

I looked up briefly so see the guys were hugging her on either side. Each guy had taken charge of one breast and both were licking, sucking and stroking 'their' breast. 

I returned to her beautiful pussy and continued to lick her while penetrating her with my finger. She was moving faster and giving little cries of excitement and I could feel the tension building up in her. I kept licking and tasted a gush of juice and heard her sharp cry as she climaxed.

I lay down beside Babe facing Steve. Babe cupped by breasts in his hands gently stimulating each one with his fingers. Steve kissed me and he put his hand on my pussy. 

"Does she feel left out?" he asked me coyly.

"Not anymore," I replied. 

He smiled and began to play with me first rubbing my clit and then penetrating me with his fingers. I could feel my own juices beginning to run and I could also feel my clit growing. Babe was pressing against my back and I could feel his erection getting firmer and firmer. I could also see that Steve was standing at attention as well. I bent my body so that Babe could press his dick against my arse. 

An idea came to me.

"Have you got some lube?" I asked Steve.

Steve went to a drawer and handed me a tube. I put a lot around my ass and then some on Babe's dick. Steve and Kim watched in interest.

"Do you want to put your dick in my pussy while Babe has his dick in my arse?" I asked Steve quietly.

"Is the Pope a Catholic? I have always wanted to do that!" He exclaimed.

We lay together for a while fondling and kissing. Babe was pressing his dick against my arse gently opening me up so that he could penetrate me. Steve was stimulating my pussy while I played with his dick feeling his erection getting harder and harder as he watched Babe penetrating my arse. Babe eased slowly into me. I concentrated on the sensation for a little while feeling him penetrate deeper and deeper into me. 

Steve had his fingers inside my pussy and I could see his eyes widen as he felt the dick inside my arse and my responses to the feeling. I rested for a while enjoying the sensation and gently squeezed a few times enjoying the sensation of having a dick in my arse. I was also anticipating the feeling of having a second dick inside me. 

I looked at Steve, "Your turn now." 

Kim had moved close to my head and started kissing me. I could see that she was fascinated by what was happening and also what was about to happen. 

"Steve has always wanted to do this," she said. "It turns me on so much to see him living his fantasy."

Steve moved close to me and pressed his cock against my pussy as if he wanted to taste it. Gently he started to ease inside me. I put one leg around him to encourage him. The four of us were all very close together and we were all breathing heavily. 

As Steve eased his cock into me I started to moan with excitement. I could hear Babe's breathing change as the extra stimulation of the cock in my pussy turned him on. His arms around me tightened.

Kim was holding Steve from behind while watching intently over his shoulder so she could alternated between looking at his face and also watching his cock sitting inside my pussy. 

When he was all the way in I said, "Just give me a moment."

"Sure," he replied. 

We all lay like that for a while. The feeling of two cocks inside me was amazing. I was so turned on! I could tell that Babe was close to climax and I knew we would have to take it slowly or it would all be over in an instant. I gave a couple of gentle squeezes to fully feel them both and I nodded to Steve to let him know it was all good.

"Just take it steady," I wanted this to last as long as possible.

Very slowly and gently he moved his cock in and out of me Babe also started to make small movements inside me. 

"Gahh," Even though we were taking it slow I was so excited I was almost screaming. 

Both of the guys were also starting to grunt in intense excitement and I could see an intensity in Steve's eyes. He and Kim looked at each other intently and they kissed passionately. 

I touched my clit softly. It was huge! A couple of gentle strokes and I was on the verge of coming. I let go and screamed as a massive orgasm gripped me. The guys couldn't contain themselves any longer and with loud grunts they both pumped their cum into me. 

Afterwards we all lay together in a lazy satiated heap. 

"That was amazing!" Steve voiced what we were all thinking. 

"Who would have known that we would meet such sexy people at our kid's school."