 "Are you going to the game party Saturday?" Erin had her head on Courtney's bare thigh. She traced the outline of Courtney's panties with her finger as she waited for an answer.

"Probably. Are you?" Courtney asked, running her fingers over one of her naked breasts. She felt the nipple harden.

Erin put her hand on top of her lover's panties, feeling for the outline of Courtney's pussy. "Yep. I think you'll have fun."

Erin found the opening she was looking for and pressed down on the material. She moved her finger up until she felt Courtney's clit. She heard her friend sigh and began to rub.

A few seconds later, Erin's hand was inside the panties rubbing the same clit only harder and more directly. Courtney squirmed on the bed, raising and lowering her hips.

Erin lifted her head and placed both hands on the waistband of the panties. Moving between Courtney's legs, she began to remove the little piece of clothing. She watched the familiar pussy appear as she pulled the panties down Courtney's silky smooth thighs.

Courtney lifted her legs and allowed Erin to remove the panties. The legs came back down around Erin, spread sufficiently wide for Erin to lower her face to a wet pussy.

Erin always found the smell of her lover intoxicating, but today she was especially horny and wasted little time in attacking the entrance to Courtney's slit. She stuck her tongue deep inside the woman and fucked her furiously for a few minutes. Her chin was soaked with Courtney's juices when she moved up and found her clit.

Erin wrapped her lips around the swollen nub and sucked on it. She used her tongue to flick up and down. Each time she touched the clit Courtney twitched a little more. Her moans got louder.

Erin placed her hands under Courtney's ass and lifted her up. Now the woman's mouth was clenched tightly around the clit, smothering it with attention.

"Oh, yes. Yes. Erin. Right there."

Erin licked harder.

"Now."

Courtney's orgasm made her body go completely rigid. She forced her pussy into Erin's mouth even harder, then began bucking as if being fucked. The harder she pushed the tighter Erin held on. Courtney felt fingers clutching at her ass cheeks and a tongue constantly swiping at her clit.

Courtney cried out louder with each wave of her orgasm. She played with her tits and nipples before pushing down on the back of Erin's head.

After what seemed like an eternity, her orgasm faded and she lay back on the pillow exhausted. Erin moved up and laid her head on Courtney's breasts, their bodies firm against each other.

"They do THAT at the party," Erin said softly.

"I'm going."

Erin, 31, and Courtney, 34, were bisexual lovers in a mid-western college town. Erin was married to a middle-aged filthy rich executive who was less than satisfying in bed. Courtney was a widow. Their kids went to the same school and they had met each other the year before. It was only this year, however, that they began to meet during the day and make love on a regular basis.

In the fall, during the local college's televised football games, Erin attended parties at the mansion of an even richer friend. The parties were notorious for nakedness, spouse swapping and orgies. Nearly every week at least a couple college-aged children of attendees joined in the fun.

Erin had been trying to persuade Courtney to go with her one time, knowing Courtney would enjoy the uninhibited nature of the crowd and the unlimited opportunity to fuck any man or woman she wanted in a safe environment.

Today Erin finally got her way.

In the days leading up to the Saturday party Erin continued to assure Courtney that she would have a good time. Erin didn't give away all of the secrets of the little group, wanting Courtney to be pleasantly surprised at some of what went on.

Erin had always been a favorite of many of the partygoers with her blonde hair, model's body and love for sex. Erin considered perfect sex as having a man on one side of her and a woman on the other—each taking one of her breasts. She didn't care which one got to her pussy first as long as one of them did. She would, in turn, be equally satisfying to each of her partners.

Courtney had turned into a fabulous lesbian…with Erin's help. But as Erin's little brother had found out one day at Erin's house, Courtney could handle a man, too. She was shorter than Erin, a brunette with an average body. But she knew how to use it and her brilliant blue eyes attracted men and women like bees to honey.

Erin agreed to drive the pair to the party on Saturday. Courtney had asked what to wear and Erin's answer had been, "As little as possible." Courtney decided to go with a tank top, no bra and tight jeans over v-string panties. Erin had on a low cut v-neck t-shirt, jeans and the bottom of her bikini, knowing she'd be spending some time in the hot tub. Of course, the bottom never stayed on very long so it didn't matter.

"Oh, my God," Courtney exclaimed as they drove up to the party house. A brick estate loomed before them. Wings on both ends added to the home's grandeur.

"Two million dollars," Erin said nonchalantly. "Seven bedrooms, six bathrooms." Courtney listened in stunned silence. "Wait until you get inside. There's a two-story foyer with archways leading into the dining room, study, and main living room. The kitchen and breakfast room open to a family room. There's a first floor owner's suite that opens to a brick patio. The lower level family room has a built-in kitchenette, a media room, an exercise room, and a separate study and full bath."

"Stop it," Courtney said. "You sound like a real estate agent. I'm not trying to buy the thing, just go to a party in it."

"And have sex in all seven bedrooms," Erin added.

"Maybe."

They got out of the car and walked toward the massive front door. Several other cars were lined up along the semi-circular drive. Yet, there was room for at least two dozen more.

Erin rang the doorbell and the women waited patiently, a little anxious from anticipation. Finally, the door opened and a man in his late thirties or early forties beamed a wide smile at the sight of Erin.

"Hi, Bobby," Erin said cheerfully.

"Erin. Welcome back. Come on in," the man said.

"Bobby, this is Courtney."

The host closed the door behind them and extended his hand. "Glad to meet you, Courtney."

"Hi. Thank you for letting me come," Courtney said.

"Any guest of Erin's is always welcome," Bobby said.

Courtney watched his eyes devour Erin in her little shirt, the much taller man looking down at her breasts without any uneasiness at being caught.

"C'mon. I'll show you where everything is," Bobby said, starting down the long center hallway.

The silence in the house struck Courtney as odd considering the number of cars in the drive and the nature of the crowd…at least by Erin's description. She was expecting more of a ruckus. She would soon find out the mansion was so large and so well built that sound didn't travel much from one room to another.

Soon, they were emerging into the sprawling dining room. A man and woman were at one end of a lengthy, cloth-covered table, their backs to the new arrivals. The table was covered from end to end with plates of food.

"Here are the snacks," Bobby said with a sweeping motion of his arm. "Drinks are in the next room." He pointed to their right, past the other couple. "Help yourself."

"Thanks, Bobby. It looks great, as usual," Erin said.

"Well, I'm going to see if anybody needs anything. I'll be seeing you around, I'm sure," Bobby said. With that, he headed into an adjacent room.

"This is great," Courtney said enthusiastically.

"He does this for every game. It's unbelievable," Erin added. "Let's go see what's going on in the living room."

Courtney followed her friend out of the dining room, down another short hallway and into an expansive, formal living room. It was two hours before game time, so it didn't disappoint the women that only a handful of people had arrived.

Seated on one of the couches watching TV and talking were a young couple, while a man and a woman sat in chairs next to each other holding their own conversation, seemingly unaware that the TV was even on.

Erin instantly recognized the man in the chair as someone she'd seen at the house before. Only, the last time she saw him he was wearing a Speedo swimsuit leading a gorgeous topless blonde into a bedroom. He was about thirty five, she guessed, with an athlete's body and long, perfectly groomed hair.

Erin sat in a chair not far from the man and motioned for Courtney to grab one close by. They talked for a few minutes, stealing glances at the guy between nearly every sentence. Occasionally, a new face entered the room; sometimes taking an empty seat, sometimes moving on to another room. The noise level rose almost imperceptibly.

Finally, the women saw the man's companion get up and exit the living room. He sat for a moment in his chair watching TV and surveying the surroundings. His eyes met theirs and Erin smiled shyly.

"Hey, how are you?" he said.

"Great. How about you? It's good to see you again," Erin replied.

The man got up and moved to Erin's chair, resting his hands on the arm rest of her chair and bending his knees so that he was talking to her nearly face to face. Courtney marveled at the muscles in his legs as they bulged from under his shorts.

"My name's Tony."

"Hi. I'm Erin and this is Courtney."

Tony smiled over at Erin's guest and nodded. She answered with a quiet "Hi" before returning to stare at his butt.

"You're going to be staying for a while, I hope," Tony said coolly.

"All day," Erin said.

"Good. I think there's going to be a big crowd. That always makes it more exciting."

Courtney could only imagine what that might entail. Erin already had a taste for what big crowds meant at these parties.

They talked for a while with Erin giving the man as many views as she could of the abundant bare skin exposed by her t-shirt. She pulled her legs up under her at one point and leaned towards Tony until she was just inches from his face. Courtney thought the man was going to jump onto the chair at any second.

Tony looked around the ever-filling room during one lull in the conversation.

"Listen, why don't we go down to the media room and see what's on the big screen?"

Erin hadn't really filled Courtney in on the "big screen" yet. The house had a media room in the lower level that had theater-style seating for twelve and a ten-foot screen. Normally it was used for showing movies. But on game days it was used to show one of six remote video cameras stationed throughout the house—five from bedrooms and one from the pool area. An operator in the projection area controlled which camera the partygoers watched.

Courtney dutifully followed Erin and Tony down a level and through large doors into the dark and empty media room. She made sure the doors closed tightly behind her before catching back up to her two friends.

Tony looked to the back of the room and into the faintly lit projection area. "Do you have anything for us, yet, George?" he bellowed.

From behind the glass, the trio heard a voice shout back, "Oh, yeah. It's starting early today."

"Let's do it." Tony sat in a chair near the middle of the front row. When the women tried to sit next to each other, he said, "No. No. One on each side of me, please." His smile convinced them to obey.

The silence and darkness were broken by the flash of an image on the screen and the familiar moans of a woman having sex. Looming bigger than life in front of the little audience was the couple Erin and Courtney first saw in the dining room. They were on a bed, naked, and in the middle of vigorous foreplay. The man had a good-sized portion of his partner's breast in his mouth, while she had her hand tightly wrapped around his huge cock.

"Oh, good," Tony said. "It's Chad and Amber. They really know how to put on a show."

Erin was pretty sure she had caught their act before. Amber didn't have the kind of body that you go home and dream about for nights on end, but her lovemaking was exquisite.

It was all new to Courtney and she was loving it. The sight of the couple on the huge screen made her wet almost instantly. If she had any doubts about her ability to have sex at the party, they were being eliminated very quickly.

Erin, Tony and Courtney watched attentively as Chad moved up Amber's body and placed his throbbing cock on top of his lover's breast. Amber dutifully placed her palm on top of it and pressed it onto her flesh. The camera alternated between close-ups of their bodies and wide angle views of the bed. Courtney didn't care who was operating it or how.

Next to her, she saw Erin's hand fall upon Tony's crotch. She seemed to mimic every move that Amber made on the big screen. It only took a minute of this for Tony to find it necessary to unbuckle his belt, open his pants and pull out his cock from underneath his boxers. Erin quickly enclosed her hand around it.

Tony glanced over at Courtney. When he was assured she was watching Erin's hand, he reached over and put his own hand on Courtney's shirt directly on top of her breast. She leaned back farther and let him cup it, feeling his fingers surround the breast firmly.

Voices on the screen brought all of the viewers' attention back to the fact that a second couple had now joined Chad and Amber. They were a young twosome with deeply tanned, well-toned bodies. Once naked, they crawled into the far side of the bed.

"Is this great, or what?" Tony exclaimed.

Erin was too busy to answer. She was out of her chair, pulling Tony's boxers down his legs. Courtney was more than impressed with the rigid cock now sticking straight out from his body. She had lifted her shirt and Tony's hand now lay on her bare skin, massaging the breast closest to him. When she saw that Erin was done removing Tony's pants and shorts and had taken off her shirt, Courtney did the same. A second later, she was her knees next to Erin, preparing to attack Tony's beautiful cock.

The two topless women leaned forward simultaneously and licked the shaft from opposite sides. Tony reclined in his seat and stared at the screen. Closest to the camera, Chad had now entered Amber and was fucking her slowly. Next to them, the girl was on top of the man while he played with her ample breasts. Tony watched her little round ass slide back and forth across her partner's crotch. He couldn't see it, but Tony suspected that under the ass was a rather thick cock.

Erin and Courtney could hear the sounds of the lovemaking behind them, but they were more concerned with Tony's throbbing member. They alternated taking it into their mouths and deep-throating it. Their tongues collided often as they fought to control who had the cock. They giggled and occasionally settled the mini-disputes by kissing each other with the cock in their hands.

Chad had begun to more vigorously thrust himself into Amber's body. Tony watched the woman's breasts bounce back and forth with each thrust. Likewise, the young girl next to her was now being fucked from below and she, too, allowed her breasts to bounce freely. All of it brought Tony to the edge of an orgasm.

She warned the women in front of him that he was about to cum, which only made them struggle over who possessed his cock even harder. It happened that Erin had him in her mouth when the first shot of warm cum flew from Tony's cock. She moaned with pleasure as a second spurt filled her mouth. Tony gripped the arms of his chair and pushed his hips forward with each spasm. When Erin back away to swallow and take a breath, Courtney took over. She took the rest of his cum and began the job of cleaning up his sticky shaft.

"Oh my God. Stop. I have plans for you two. Don't make me cum again right now," Tony sighed.

The women smiled and turned their attention to the screen while sitting on the floor. Chad pulled his cock from inside Amber and moved up to her breasts. With a few frantic strokes he began to cum. Long white streams of his cum covered Amber's breasts and she playfully spread it over her nipples. Loud grunts accompanied each spurt until cum simply dribbled from the tip of his cock.

At the same time Chad was ending his orgasm, the girl next to him began hers. She screamed out as her body stiffened. Then she shook from her orgasm and the pounding she was taking from below. She leaned forward and everybody watching her seemed to focus on her luscious butt and swinging breasts. Soon, the sounds of her partner cumming were added to the mix.

When they were both done, the girl rolled off and began licking Chad's cum from Amber's tits. Her nipples began to grow, as did Tony's cock.

"C'mon. I owe you two a favor," Tony said as he rose from his chair.

Everyone grabbed their clothes and walked from the room half naked. Tony led them back upstairs and down a hallway into one of the empty bedrooms. They passed many people on the way and it was obvious the crowd had grown much larger while they were downstairs.

Once inside the bedroom, Tony took off his shirt and jumped onto the large bed. The women got naked and slid in next to him, one on each side.

"I want one of you on top of my cock and one of you on top of my face. Is that fair?" he asked.

Without debating the matter, Courtney moved up to the man's head while Erin took her position straddling his waist. She took his cock in her hand and made him hard with a few sturdy strokes. As Tony was about to set out on making his two new friends cum, he glanced up to the corner of the bedroom and saw a little camera pointing straight at them. A smile crossed his face and he imagined the seats filling up in the media room.

Then his attention turned to the cleanly shaven pussy just inches above his face. He put his hands on Courtney's hips and felt her soft skin. Slowly, she lowered her body until his lips touched her pussy. Tony moved his hands to the curve of her ass and pulled her closer. His tongue jutted out between his lips and found the warm, wet moisture surrounding her slit. He played with the flaps of skin before plunging his tongue inside her.

Courtney moaned as she leaned against the headboard and felt Tony's tongue explore her body. It seemed as long as a cock as it smacked against the inner crevices of her pussy. She felt his warm breath right before her clit was covered with the soft wetness of his tongue. Tony wrapped his lips around the growing bud and sucked on it.

Meanwhile, his cock was being held in place while Erin's pussy surrounded it. Inch by inch she dropped her body onto his, enveloping the entire shaft in her tight, wet hole. The fact he had cum just moments before couldn't prevent his body from appreciating the feel of her pussy tight against his skin. Tony was harder than ever within seconds and Erin heaved a sigh of nervous anticipation.

"Courtney, turn around. I want to watch you," Erin said.

Her friend quickly turned to face her, not wanting Tony's lips and tongue to be away from her throbbing clit any longer than necessary. The women were now within easy reach of each other. They reached out and held hands, lost in their own ecstasy.

Eventually, Erin's hands found their way to Courtney's breasts. She played with the nipples, watching the other woman's expression change with each new sensation. Erin tugged and twisted. Courtney urged her on with soft, whispered tones.

Below them, Tony continued to lick and suck Courtney's pussy even as his thick cock was unrelenting in it's exploration of Erin's slit. In the media room, a small crowd had formed to watch and listen to the proceedings.

Courtney was the first to declare her impending orgasm. Short little squeaks gave way to long cries as her clit disappeared deeper into Tony's mouth. She held tightly to Erin's hands as she started to cum. The bed shook as the man eating her shoved his face harder into her pussy without forgetting about Erin for a second.
