 Chapter 4

I left Susie's house around four. If she'd been bothered by the fact that we'd woken up with my hand resting on her bare breast, she hadn't shown it. We both put our shirts back on, and she gave me an innocent kiss on my cheek and thanked me for coming over.

Once I was outside, I switched my cell phone back on, and there was a message from Jen asking me to call her. "I'm having a little pool party tonight," she said.

"And you're telling me this because I'm invited?" I asked.

"Well, that, yeah," she said. "But I was wondering whether you could come over a little early, like now, and bring your camera."

"Sure," I said. "Anything special in mind?"

"I just wanted some photos of myself. And I figured after the nipple incident yesterday, you owe me one." She was referring to the fact that the day before, when she and my sister Kali had been fooling around for the camera in their bras, neither of us had told Jen that her nipples were clearly visible.

I told her I'd be right over. I switched my camera's memory card (I didn't want anybody seeing the photos I took last night), and changed into my baggiest bathing suit: over the course of the last three hours or so I'd soaped up Kali's tits and sipped my finger in her pussy, then sat watching a movie with Susie, both of us naked from the waist up and my hand on her bare breast, and I hadn't had a chance to do anything to relive the mother of all hard-ons. Who knew what a little time with Jen would do to me?

As it turned out., not a whole lot. Jen wanted a few photos of herself wearing her new bikini, and she did look great in it, but... well, it was the sort of bikini you'd wear around your family's backyard swimming pool. When we were done, I told her I'd make her some 5x7's as soon as I unpacked my photo printer.

"Tim," she said, "is anything wrong?"

"What? No, why?"

She gave me a bit of a stern look. "Are you disappointed that I wasn't wearing something you could see my nipples through again? Did I give you the wrong idea when I asked you to come over early?"

Yes and yes. "No, of course not," I said, evading her glance. Could I have felt like more of an idiot?

Fortunately, that's when Kali and Susie showed up. Kali was wearing a one-piece that fit her like a glove -- and a fairly thin glove at that. A couple of days ago, I would have felt uncomfortable seeing my sister in something like that. Susie was weraing a tankini: a top that was cut like a loose tank-top, and matching bikini bottoms. They were both surprised to see me here before them. "Hey, are we interrupting something?" Kali asked.

"No," Jan and I both said quickly, which I'm sure didn't sound at all suspicious.

I put my camera under a towel to protect it from the sun, and we all jumped into the pool. We did a lot of splashing about, and Kali and I dunked one another under the water. Jen and I sort of avoided one another, and I was waiting for a private moment when I could apologize for acting like an asshole.

At one point Susie cornered me in... well, a corner of the pool... and said, softly, I really like it when you were holding my breast this afternoon."

"Me too," I said with a grin.

She didn't move, and a few seconds later she said "Dummy, I was trying to tell you I wanted you to do it again, While nobody's looking."

I reached my hand inside her loose bathing suit top, softly stroked her left breast, then slipped my hand out again. "That's nice," she said, then flipped herself onto her back and swam away.

My cock agreed; and while I was waiting for it to settle down, so I could re-join the girls, Kali swam over. "So what happened between you and Jen that you won't look one another in the eye?"

"Nothing. Really."

"It sure doesn't look like--" she started, and then she said, "Oh, nothing nothing. You're acting so weird because nothing happened."

"Yeah, kinda."

"What a bitch. What was she, teasing you along?"

"No, nothing like that, it was all my fault. I just let my imagination get away from me. Jen doesn't even know I... well..."

"That you like her?"

"Yeah."

"That you have the hots for her?"

"Kali, stop it."

"I'm sorry." She looked around quickly to make sure nobody was watching, then reached down and gave my cock a quick squeeze. "Maybe I can help," she said and swam away.

Just when my cock was finally settling down! "No, don't," I tried to tell her, but I couldn't go after her in my condition. At this rate, I thought, I might be stuck in this corner of the pool all day.

By the time I got out of the pool, all three girls were on beach blankets, on their fronts, trying to catch the last of the late-day rays. Kali had pulled down the straps of her one-piece, so her shoulders and upper back could get some sun. Jen had untied the back of her bikini top. Susie had the back of her tank top pulled all the way up to the nape of her neck. I assumed her breasts were still covered up in front, but honestly I couldn't be completely sure. "Lie with us, Casper," Kali said, referring to my shockingly untanned skin. I grabbed a towel, and found a spot to lay down between Jen and Susie.

After 15 minutes, Jen re-tied her top and we all turned onto our backs. Susie didn't re-adjust her top, and I could tell now that it was pulled up in front to the very bottoms of her breasts. Since they were small, there didn't seem to be anything keeping her top from shifting up a few more inches.

She noticed me noticing, and gave me a quick wink.

My cock had mostly settled down after the two incidents in the pool, but this definitely wasn't helping matters. Thank God for big, baggy swimsuits.

After another 15 minutes or so, Kali said "You know what I'd like? For Timmy to take some good pictures of the three of us together in our bathing suits. Who knows where we'll all be by next summer, so this could be our last chance. Three hot girls. What do you say, Timmy, you... up for that?"

"Sure," I said with a smile. "It makes sense for me to take the picture, since I'm the non-hot one."

"Aw..." Kali said. "Girls, assure Timmy that he's hot too."

"You're so hot," Jen said, in a playfully mocking tone.

"Definitely hot," Susie said, also as a joke, though I suspected she actually believed I was.

"Just, you know, nowhere as hot as we are," Kali added.

I took a bunch of photos of the three girls together, as well as a few of each of them alone. They might not have been Sports Illustrated material, but I knew I'd be keeping copies of some of these photos for, you know, nighttime viewing.

"I want to try something," Kali said, "and who knows when I'll get the chance again. Timmy, turn around. Seriously, no peeking."

I shrugged, and turned my back to her.

"What are you doing," I heard Jen say.

"Okay, you can turn back around," Kali said. Her one-piece was rolled down to her waist, and she was covering her breasts with her hands. "I always thought it would be fun to take one of those 'hands covering your boobs' shots, like you see in magazines all the time. Just make sure you only get me from the waist up, because the rolled-down bathing suit looks silly."

"Um... okay," I said.

"And don't take too long, because I don't want my hands to get tired."

I took about a dozen photos. In a couple of them, when she saw the other girls weren't looking, she spread her fingers to reveal a little more breast. I'd have to check when I got home, but I thought one of them showed some nipple.

"Do you guys want to do one with me?" she asked Jen and Susie when we were done. It's not as if anything really shows."

"I think I'll pass," Jen said.

"Susie?" Kali asked. "You and me then?"

Susie looked over at me uncertainly, then smiled. I'm sure it helped that she knows I like her small breasts. "Sure," she said. "As long as they don't end up on cute-teenage-girls-holding-their-boobs-dot-com," she said, echoing the joke Jen had made the day before.

She motioned for me to turn around and when she told me I could look, I saw that her bathing suit top was on the ground and she had both hands open over her small breasts. I think we were both thinking about the fact that less than an hour earlier, it had been my hand covering one of those breasts.

I took a couple of photos and then Jen said "Oh, just wait. If you guys are both doing it, I will too." She didn't seem thrilled about it, and she gave me a bit of an annoyed looked, as if saying "You're finally getting what you expected; happy now?"

The tension between Jen and me was really putting a damper on what should have been a fun expeience. "Jen," I said, "can I talk to you for a minute first?"

Jen came over to me. Over her shoulder, I could see Kali and Susie trying to work out the logistics of what to do next (since they couldn't keep their hands in place indefinitely). Kali turned her back to Jen and me, and yanked the top half of her bathing suit back up. Covered up now, she bent down to pick up Susie's top and handed it to her. Turning her own back to us, Susie took her hands away from her breasts and pulled the top back on over her head.

"Listen, Jen, I'm sorry I've been a shit this afternoon. I sort of got the wrong idea about why you asked me to come over, and when I was wrong, well... and this is probably the most fucked-up time to tell you this, but I've always, you know, liked you. Not just as my sister's friend. You can smack me now."

Instead she put a hand on my shoulder. "I get it. I guess I did give you mixed signals, expecially after the bra incident yesterday." It wasn't a confession that she returned my feelings, but at least we were friends again. She kissed me on the cheek, and went back to Kali and Susie. "It was nothing," she said. "He wanted to apologize for the fact that we're standing around here all sexy while he's wearing baggy bathing trunks the size of a circus tent."

"Hey," I said, "at least I'm not covering my boobs."

"Oh, that's what you want?" Jen asked playfully. She grabbed the top of her bikini with one hand. "Topless photos?"

"Are you offering?" I asked.

She took her hand away. "Nope."

"Are you sure?" Kali said with a laugh, undoing the straps of her one-piece again and lowering the top an inch or two.

"Go on I dare you," Jen said, calling her bluff.

Susie lifted her own top a bit, though not even as high as she'd had it when she was sunbathing. "Come on, Jen, we will if you will."

"Very funny guys," Jen said. "I'll tell you what: you take off your tops first, then I will."

Kali pulled down her top another inch, then stopped.

"Ha!" Jen said. "Big talk, no action."

Uh oh, that was one thing you do not say to Kali...

"Okay," Kali said, and yanked her bathing suit top down to her waist.

Jen looked at her wide-eyed, then back to me. "Shit! Are you crazy?"

"What, do you think my brother's never caught a glimpse of my bare boobs?" (Actually, I never had before last night) "And now you owe me bigtime," she said to me. Then to Jen: "Well? Your turn."

Jen nodded at Susie. "I said both of you." And now all eyes were on Susie. (Well, I was kind of keeping an eye on Kali's chest too). "And no holding your hands over your boobs like before," Jen added.

Of course, little did Kali and Jen know that I was already well acquainted with Susie's bare breasts.

"Okay," Susie said, and jumped into the pool. She made her way to the deep end and, treading water with the water at shoulder level, pulled off her top. "It's off," she said. Though of course we couldn't see anything.

"Ha ha," Jen said mirthlessly. "Okay, fine." She untied the back of her bikini top, holding it in place with her other arm (the same maneuver Kali had used with her bra the night before, I couldn't help remembering), and said "If anybody finds out about this, ever, I swear I'll kill you all. And you twice," she said to Kali. "And you," she said to me,"if you just stand there and stare, I'm putting my top right back on."

"Got it," I said.

For all her griping, of course, nobody was forcing her to do this. She wanted to be topless.

She dropped her bikini top onto a chair and stood exposed in front of us. Well, in front of me, really: Jen and Susie had seen her like this plenty of times before.

I'd seen at least half a dozen girls topless over the past couple of years, but Jen was special, and my cock was straining uncomfortably against even a baggy bathing suit. "Just standing and staring" was actually a very real possibility.

Then I noticed Susie still in the deep end, holding on to the side of the pool. I thought she'd come out once Jen took her top off, but she didn't show any signs of moving.

"I'd better go fetch Susie before her arms get tired and she drowns," I said. Honestly, I could use some cool water on my erection as well.

I dove into the water, and swam over Susie. "Joining us?" I asked her.

"Probably not."

"Why not?"

"Tim, why do you care? You've finally got Jen and her perfect breasts. I'm sure mine don 't interest you anymore."

Making sure Jen and Kali couldn't seee what I was doing, I gently stroked Susie's left breast. "First of all, do you really think all I care about is a girl's breasts? And anyway, I like yours too. Did you think I only wanted to touch them because nobody else's were available? You must not think very much of me."

"Tim, you know I do."

"Then come back and join us before Jen and my sister think I only came over here to feel you up."

She giggled softly. "But you are."

"That's true."

"Okay. And Tim?"

"Yeah?"

"I hope you get to feel up Jen too, if that's what you want."

I smiled, and gave her a quick kiss on the cheek. "Thanks."

When we got back to the deck, Kali said "Jen and I discussed it, and you can take pictures of us like this."

"But only the three of us can ever see them," Jen said. "Seriously."

"The four of us," Susie said.

"You're in?" Kali said. "Cool."

"But we're not doing this on trust alone," Jen said.

"How do you mean?" I asked.

Kali took my camera out from under the towel. She's not a great photographer, but she knows what she's doing and I let her use my equiptment when she wants to. "We're not going to be the only ones putting on a show," she said, pointing at my swimsuit.

"But I'm... I mean..."

"You have a hard-on. I know. We all know. Do you think even those oversized shorts was hiding it? Now off with it, or our tops go back on."

I worked my bathing suit down my legs, then stepped out of it, standing naked -- and embarrasingly erect -- in front of the three girls. Kali took seveal photos, from different angles. "We'll each keep a copy of these as well. That's our insurance."

"Though I don't know," Jen said. "The way that thing looks right now, he might not mind these photos going public: might get him a lot of dates."

Susie acted as if she hadn't heard her -- I was pretty sure mine was the first adult penis she'd ever seen close up -- but Kali laughed and said "Jen, that is far and away the sluttiest thing I've ever heard you say."

Jen smiled and shrugged.

"Feel free to do with it what you will," I told her.

"Don't get ahead of yourself," she told me.

"Okay," I said, "you have your photos of me. Now, ladies, if you don't mind?"

Kali posed for me first. Well, it wasn't her first time, after all. Then Susie, a bit shyly. It helped that I thought she looked sexy. Well, I couldn't very well hide the fact now, could I?

And then Jen took her turn. She grumbled a bit first, of course, but she was enjoying it more than she wanted to admit. It was a chance for all of them to lose their inhibitions, just for one evening, and in the safety of their best friends.

Then Kali took the camera from me and said "Tim, let's get one of you with Jen and Susie."

You didn't have to ask me twice. I stood between Jen and Susie and put an arm around both of them, letting my hands brush against their breasts. Kali took the photo just a moment before Jen realized what I was doing and pulled away abruptly, saying "Hey, feeling me up wasn't part of the deal!"

It is, to this day, my favorite photo, with each of my hands on the breast of a beautiful girl. Of course I cropped it to remove everything below the waist, because I don't want the photo ruined by having to look at my own cock pointing straight at the camera.

"Hey Tim," Kali said, "aren't you suppose to seek medical attention if those things last for more than four hours?"

Actually, it was no joke: I was still hard as a rock, and it was starting to get frustrating. Kali noticed I wasn't laughing, and she said "Girls, seriously, we should help him out before he explodes."

"Be my guest," Jen told her.

"Um... my brother?" Kali reminded her. As if she hadn't jerked me off just the night before.

"We are kind of responsible," Susie told Jen, smiling because she knew she was also responsible.

Jen looked down at her bikini bottoms. "You're crazy if you think I'm going to --"

"All we have to do is this," Susie said, taking my cock in her hand. "Is this okay, Tim?"

"Gaggggh," I said; or something like that.

Susie smiled, and began stroking my cock. "I don't think this will take long at all, especially the way he's staring at our tits."

My breath was coming in short gasps now.

"If you want a turn," Susie said, "I think you better take it now."

Jen took my cock and began stroking. It felt so good, and I was trying so hard to hold off. I noticed her nipples were getting hard: she was really getting into this.

And suddenly I couldn't wait any longer: I'd been hard for so long, and now my cum was spurting out in sticky globs. The first one hit Jen between her breasts (I'm really getting good at those breast shots lately, I thought), and the second one hit her bikini bottoms. Susie leaned forward, as if she were trying to have my next shot of cum hit her cheek.

By the time I caught my breath, Jen and Susie had slid into the pool to rinse themselves off. I turned to Kali, who I realized had been orchestrating this from the time she starting to goad the othe girls into taking off their tops. "Thanks. I owe you one."

"Two, actually," she said, pulling her bathing suit back up her body. "But who's counting?"

Jen and Susie came out of the pool, and put on their own tops. Nobody really knew what t say to one another -- we'd all acted a lot wilder than we'd expected -- and a few minutes later Kali and I, and Susie, were all headed for our respective homes.

"So you and Jen..." Kali began.

I shrugged. "Not gonna happen, I guess."

Kali nodded.

"We can be friends," I said. "At least I hope things won't be too weird for us to still be friends. But we saw either other pretty much naked, she jerked me off... if there was no spark after that, I'm not sure where we can really from here."

"I'm sorry," she said.

"Well, now I know. And, hey, she did jerk me off, and I got to hold her breast... that's not half bad, is it?"

"You're a pig," she said to me, accompanied by a playful punch to my shoulder.

"That worked out pretty well for me this evening," I reminded her.

And it did fifteen minutes later as well: Kali hit the shower as soon as we got home. Once I made sure our parents had gone out to dinner as they'd been planning, I walked into the bathroom. "Need any help in there?" I asked her.

"Hell yeah," she said. "We have unfinished business from this afternoon."

Moments later I was naked, in the shower with her, and my two fingers back in her pussy. It didn't take very long before I learned that Kali screams when she cums.

Chapter 5

The following morning, I woke up when I heard somebody opening and closing my bedroom door. It was Susie. She was wearing a short crop-top, and nylon gym shorts.
