 The final Saturday game was actually pretty good. The promising young quarterback threw consistently, scrambled out of trouble and ran for more yards than some of his receivers. His favorite target, the other player of promise, scored twice and looked at times uncatchable. Kent took some decent shots and after the game caught some follow-up interviews from these two and their coach. But his thoughts were elsewhere much of the time. He couldn’t stop thinking about Ashley and what they’d done together the previous day.

He spent much of his afternoon wondering what they’d get up to after the game. He thought especially about how far she might be willing to go in her ultimate submission. He knew basically what he wanted to do with her, of course, but before leaving the stadium his imagination was fired up with a new possibility. 

This was prompted by what he saw in the locker room and shower area while he was conducting his interviews. The place was raucous with laughter and excitement after the team victory, and the young athletes were strolling about, to and from the showers, in various states of undress. A vague notion was forming in his head, and before he left he made a point of querying two or three of the minor players, big, defensive guys who’d spent most of the games sitting on the bench. They had virtually no college potential, but he took the time to discuss their statistics with them, and in particular that they were all over eighteen. They were all nice guys, but interesting not so much for their athletic ability but for what he saw between their legs.

Ashley was waiting for him beside his van in the almost deserted parking lot. He was feeling upbeat and expectant after his productive afternoon, but his mood went through the roof when he caught sight of what she was wearing. She was in her school uniform, just as he’d seen her on first meeting, with one exception. As he approached she raised her navy blue skirt so that he could see her upper thigh. Gone were the white knee socks. Her gorgeous legs were encased in sheer black nylon stockings that were attached to black elastic garters. She was wearing a lace garter belt. And as she quickly flashed him a further glimpse up her skirt he could see she wore no underpants.

“You approve?” she laughed. “I spent part of my afternoon at the local sex shop, preparing for my photo shoot.”

“You visited a sex shop dressed in your school uniform?”

“No, silly. I went home to change afterwards. I got the feeling you might want to see me again in my school get-up.”

“You were right about that. The stockings and garter belt only add to the effect. Ashley, you’re a natural for the modelling business. I don’t have to prompt you to do anything. You’re not just sexy as hell. You have imagination.”

“Thanks. I like to think so. I’ve even thought of where I’d like to be photographed. Do you mind?”

“I’m a stranger in town. Show me where you want to go.”

It wasn’t far, just a few blocks from the stadium, an upscale outdoor strip-mall, with mostly expensive boutiques and a center-piece fountain. All the businesses had closed for the day and there were very few people about. Kent locked up his van and then began following Ashley with his video camera as she strolled the empty walkways.

As she moved she placed her hands on her hips and slowly inched her skirt higher, letting him see her stocking tops, her garters, and her gorgeous naked buns flexing and unflexing. She paused, spread her legs, bent down as if to adjust the strap of her shoe. He had a perfect view of her bare ass and the pulpy lips of her pussy already seeming to part for him. 

“Fuck, Ashley, have you done this before?” he wondered. “You’re a fucking natural.”

She laughed, began walking again. She left the skirt where it was, hitched high on her hips, and once or twice more she bent down to flash her entire ass and pussy for him. In a particularly quiet and deserted corner of the mall she turned to him and began opening the buttons of her shirt. She peeled the two halves apart and showed him her stunning swollen tits, unencumbered by any bra. She resumed walking, occasionally glancing into the window of a boutique, as if out for a casual evening stroll. Except that she was virtually topless, her huge breasts exposed and heaving gently as she moved. She hitched her skirt higher, till it was rolled up around her waist. She turned to face his camera, spreading her legs to display her beautiful shaved cunt. She reached down her hand and with two fingers pried her puffy labia open, smiling at him coyly the whole time.

Then she was moving again and he was following her with his camera, his cock in ever-stiffening states of erection. He didn’t have to say a word to her. Instructions weren’t necessary. She was acting out a profoundly erotic fantasy for him as if it were the most natural thing in the world, flaunting herself in a public place no less. And all the while a subtle, knowing smile played about her lips.

Occasionally evening strollers would pass by, an elderly couple out for some air, a middle-aged guy walking a dog, and she would simply slip her skirt down slightly and hold the two halves of her shirt together with one hand. Then immediately they were past she raised her skirt again and let her tits roll free and naked in the night air.

“I made a few other purchases in the sex shop,” she announced at one point. They were in another quiet corner of the shopping mall and she seated herself on a stone bench.

From a light bag strung over her shoulder she produced a huge black dildo. She sat back on the bench, bent her knees and hooked her heels onto its edge. While flashing her naked pussy at him she began sucking the black phallus, curling her tongue around it then forcing it back between her lips till it must have been lodged almost in her throat. His camera recorded every movement of the obscene spectacle.

Once it was good and wet she pulled the dildo from her mouth and began poking it around between her legs. It was quite thick and it took some effort, but soon she had the head inserted between the thick pulpy lips of her pussy. She must have been pretty wet already, he realized, turned on by her lewd naked stroll around the strip-mall.

A glazed look slowly took over her features as she gently frigged herself with the thick phallus. She glanced from left to right from time to time to make sure no one was coming but otherwise she concentrated on probing her pussy. Her look grew more intense by the second and he sensed she wasn’t far off climaxing.

But then she paused, leaving the fake dick partly embedded up her cunt, and turned herself on the bench till she was on her knees, her naked ass facing out toward him. She reached into her bag and withdrew another dildo, this one smaller and narrower, with a small bulb at one end. To his utter amazement she sucked this once or twice and then poked it onto her anus. She began slowly inserting the bulbous head into her asshole.

“Ashley, you’re amazing,” he muttered. He didn’t know what else to say. She seemed to have an insatiable appetite for sex of all kinds. His cock was now fully hard and throbbing in his shorts.

She had the bulbous head of the cock fully inserted now, along with several inches of shaft. She used one hand to ease it back and forth gently, the glazed look on her face growing even more intense as she stared at him over her shoulder. Then she paused, let go the phallus and spread her legs wider, so he could see the black dildo still jutting down from her clinging pussy. A dildo up her pussy and another up her ass. He could scarcely believe what he was seeing.

She left the smaller cock sticking up at an angle from her ass while she reached under herself and began urging the big black phallus in and out of her pussy. She began to moan softly, her thighs gently quivering.

“Ashley, maybe we should go back to the van,” he suggested, glancing nervously up and down the walkway. “You look like you’re ready for a good fuck.”

“I am. I need a real cock,” she gasped.

She eased the big black dildo from her pussy and he stepped forward to slide the other phallus from her asshole. He stood gazing down for a second or two at the gaping circle of her distended anus. Then he was helping steady her as she climbed off the bench and adjusted her clothing. She seemed slightly weak in the knees.

“Can you walk?” he asked.

“Of course,” she laughed. And together they moved quickly back through the now deserted mall to his van.

“Let’s get in the back,” he suggested, opening the rear doors for her. “I can’t wait till we get home. I’ve got to fuck you now.”

Along the floor of the van, in between his camera equipment, he always kept a wide strip of foam and a sleeping bag, for the odd occasion when he was caught without accommodation between jobs. He’d never be more thankful for his foresight than now. By the time he’d climbed in behind her and shut the rear doors she was kneeling naked on the foam but for her garter belt and stockings, She was reaching for his shorts, tugging them down so that his prick sprang free and bounced up and down in front of her face.

“I want to suck you so bad,” she panted, curling her fingers around his shaft in a tight grip. She dipped her head and forced the top third of his hard-on deep into her mouth.

He peeled off his shirt, tried to kick off his sandals as she began to suck, His shorts were tangled around his ankles and he managed to shuck them off gently while she slid her mouth and one hand up and down on his granite hard-on.

“Ashley ...” he began to say, hoping to orchestrate their movements. But it was hopeless. She was beyond listening to anything he had to say. She was cock hungry, off in some kind of sex trance, driving her fist and mouth up and down on his prick in a kind of frenzy.

He cradled the back of her head with one hand and very slowly urged her backwards and down till she was lying flat on her back on his sleeping bag and foamy. She kept her fist and mouth wrapped around his dick the whole time, never once losing her grip on it.

He had to wait a second as she adjusted from a kneeling to a prone position, but once she was laid flat he gently moved from straddling her chest to kneeling by the side of her head and then further, till he could squat over her face, his balls rolling over her nose, her eyes. His cock stayed locked between her sucking lips the whole time. 

Now he could lean low over her, stroke his hands over the crisp dry material of her stockings, lick and kiss his way down her lower belly till his head was between her legs and he could begin kissing and licking her gaping pussy, prying the pulpy labia even wider with his fingertips and searching and finding her swollen clitoris with the tip of his tongue.

“Mmm,” she began to growl around his cock, a groan of sheer hunger and pleasure as his tongue began to tease her pink clit.

In this new sixty-nine position he could gently hump his hips, plow his cock in and out of her mouth, her throat, as he licked and sucked her pussy. She kept her hand wrapped around the pistoning shaft, helping guide it in and out of her gullet. Meanwhile her thighs, encased in their black stockings, swayed back and forth on either side of his head as he licked her.

It would only be a matter of seconds before she came, he realized. He only hoped he could keep from coming himself. There was one more thing he wanted to try with her. He diddled her clit even harder, suddenly anxious to push her over the edge. He sensed the now familiar quivers and quakes in her belly, the increased tempo of her legs scissoring on either side of his face.

He poked her clit even harder, pressed the small button back on itself and then back and forth in a quick, steady rhythm, forcing her to growl and moan even louder around his cock.

And suddenly her whole lower body was jerking, spasming, humping up onto his sucking mouth, her pretty ass heaving up off the sleeping bag. The head of his cock lodged deep in her throat somewhere and she held it there, her fist locked around its base, forcing him to stop humping her face. Which was probably just as well, for another few lunges and he might have spurted his load down her gullet.

His face was suddenly awash with fluid as her pussy began spewing out warm cum-juice. He had to hold his breath, let the syrupy goo spurt and splash his face, several jets firing up alongside her inner thighs. Her groans of pleasure grew louder, and if she hadn’t had a mouthful of cock she might have screamed out loud and disturbed the neighborhood. She squirmed and writhed beneath him there for seemingly endless seconds, deep, deep in the throes of her orgasm. And he stayed with her till the end, never letting up on his pummelling of her clit, gasping in a mouthful of air in the odd split seconds between the gushes of her cunt juice.

Till at last she slowed down, her erratic movements slackening, her groans subsiding, her ass settling slowly back down onto the floor.

He gasped in air, saved at the last second from drowning, lifted his drenched face from between her legs. He tried to roll off her, to settle beside her for a breather, but she clutched his cock in her mouth, refused to let it go. And as he finally did manage to ease himself to one side she rolled with him, onto her elbow, and with another gentle heave he had her almost onto her belly, which is exactly where he wanted her.

“Ashley, sweetheart, you’ve got to let it go,” he pleaded. “I need to fuck you. I need to plow my cock somewhere else. Let it go, darling. Let my poor hot cock go.”

She did as he asked at last, pulling her ravaged lips up and off his monstrous, throbbing prick and looking at him with a strange, pleading light in her eyes.

“How?” she gasped. “How do you want me?”

“On your belly, with your ass in the air. Doggy style. Here,” he grunted, hauling a pillow from the side and stuffing it under her lower body.

She lay there for him with her big tits mashed beneath her, a deep hollow in the small of her back, her gorgeous trim ass angled up lewdly. Her legs were spread as wide as they would go, her black garters stretched taut over each of her buns. Her pussy gaped wide for him, the lips spread open so far he had no trouble, once kneeling behind her, in sliding his hard-on all the way inside, all the way to the balls. She was so wet. Her cunt was literally oozing pussy syrup. No lubricant was necessary.

But then as he began to fuck her, driving her body back and forth with harsh, deep lunges, he did indeed reach to one side, where on a shelf he’d stashed a tube of lubricant. He squeezed out a healthy dollop of goo and began spreading it down between her buns. He suddenly stopped his movements, withdrew his glistening hard-on from her twat, and began smearing generous globs of lube onto the ring of her anus. Her asshole was so loose from her recent actions with the dildo that he could easily insert a finger to spread more goop around inside her.

“You know what I’m going to do to you now Ashley, don’t you?” he grunted.

“Yes! Oh fuck yes! I want you to! I want it! Fuck me up the ass! Ram that giant prick all the way up my ass!”

He was smearing lube up and down his hard-on till it glistened in the half-light of the darkening van. Then he was gripping it midway up the shaft, tilting it down, planting the massive head onto the already pliant ring of her puckered asshole. He pressed forward and down, sensed the tightening of her thighs as she braced herself.

“Oh fuck! Oh fuck!” she moaned softly. “So big! So fucking big!”

The head of his cock bulled easily into her asshole, followed by several inches of granite shaft. He paused for only a second and then fed her more, driving inch after inch of rock-hard prick between her tight little ass cheeks and deep, deep inside her anus.

“You okay? You good?” he panted.

“Yes! Oh yes! Don’t stop! Do it to me, you dirty bastard! Fuck me deep up my asshole with that massive horse-cock!”

He plowed on and on, drilling inch after inch up her ass. Till he had it almost completely embedded. Which is when he began to move, humping her ass, driving his huge hard-on in and out of her quivering anus with rough, harsh lunges.

“Anal sex! Holy fuck! I’m having anal sex!” she gasped, her voice broken up by his

rough thrusts.

“And how do you like it? Rough enough for you?”

“Oh yes! Oh fuck yes! So strange! So weird! And your cock so fucking big!”

In and out he plowed, driving his hard-on to the hilt up her sweet asshole. He could see his cock glistening with lubricant each time he pulled back. And in no time his balls were tingling. He knew he couldn’t last long, not after the deeply erotic lead-up to this climax. She was so fucking sexy, so willing. He wondered if there was anything she wouldn’t do.

“I think I’m going to come again,” she panted. “Fuck, I think I’m going to come again!|

She had reached one hand beneath her and she was teasing her clit back and forth. She was panting hard, and again strange whimpering sounds were coming from somewhere deep inside her.

It was too much for him. The sheer erotic appeal of the girl was beyond belief. Her dressing up for him in schoolgirl gear! And adding black garter belt and stockings! At her age! What did she know of such things? What did she know of the incredible allure of such things on young girls for older men? And her flashing her tits, her pussy, her ass, in a public place! Fuck! And the sex toys, the dildos! Probing herself with such things! Sucking them! In a public place! All of it for his camera! For him! She was a natural, a perfect willing sex doll. And if she wanted to pursue a career in the crazy world of adult entertainment, who was he to discourage her?

He plunged his cock again and again up her tight asshole, and his balls tingled. One more stroke and he was there, and so was she. Together they were coming, she howling out deep cries of pleasure, he pumping wad after wad of steaming spunk deep up her ass. Her buns slapped against his loins as he humped her, jerking her body forward harshly, his sperm all the while spurting out in thick jets up her colon.

“Oh fuck! Oh fuck!” she repeated. It seemed all she was capable of saying.

He made no sound at all. He simply kept fucking her, sodomizing her, with jerk after jerk of his hips. And still his spunk spewed forth, gathering in pools up her ass. Till his balls were empty. He was done. And by slow degree his movements lessened. Till he was humping her quite gently. He fell forward on top of her, laying flat now along her back, his heavy breathing rasping in her ear, his cock plowing ever more slowly up her ass.

She too was now calmer, quite passive there beneath him, her own climax fading slowly. By degrees the granite state of his cock faded too, though she was numb enough by now to feel very little. She simply lay quiet, the ripples of pleasure rolling through her in softer and softer pulses.

And they were both still at last, sweat-soaked, pussy-juice-drenched, and totally content in the afterglow of a sex experience neither of them thought possible.

‘I don’t believe it,” she muttered finally. “I don’t believe I just got fucked up the ass by one of the biggest cocks I’ve ever seen. How the fuck did I do that?”

“Didn’t I say you’d be surprised what a girl could take up there?” he whispered. “But I’m a bit surprised too, actually. You are one of a kind, young lady. You are a sexual wonder.”

“I guess I’ve done it all now, huh?” she went on. “All of my holes plugged by one huge cock. What else is there?”

“Oh, I can think of a thing or two. I may have another adventure for you yet.”

“Aren’t you leaving tomorrow? The games are all over.”

“I’ve decided to stay one more day. I have a special treat lined up for you tomorrow. Are you interested?”
