 It would be considered quirky as hell to just about anyone else but Brad doesn't give a rat's ass what others think of it. All that mattered that he and Anne, both juniors at the University of California – LA, got off on it. The first time had been an accident in their freshman year. Both science majors, they were walking back from class one evening shortly after they started dating when they came upon a couple in the bushes. They watched as the two strangers went on mating with gusto. She started to describe what they were doing in scientific terms and he joined in. Before long they were horny as hell as they described what the person of their own gender was doing. The couple finished up, dressed, and walked off. Brad and his girl went right up to where they were and he fucked her for the first time. "The first three times," he thought nostalgically, "God, we're dorks."

Now they both carried tape recorders, or rather, Ipods with the recording microphone add-ons. Whenever they came across a couple in the throes of passion they'd describe it in the same manner then play the recording for the other. It would then be followed by hours of sex, usually lasting until they had to get ready for their first class the next day regardless of when they started. Nothing turns them on more than that but Brad will be damned if he ever figures out why. He remembered one time Anne brought home a recording. It wasn't until it was over (and they've done it no less than 5 times) that she told him it was her housemate living across the hall with one of their profs who's married. Anne gently warned him to not touch any of the desks in that classroom as Brad rolled over onto her body to mount her again. Anne gets off on watching people, especially when she knows them. They would be out on a double date or having lunch with a friend and she'd lean over and whisper to him about the time she caught him or her doing the big nasty through their bedroom window or in an empty classroom.

Right now, it's after midnight. Brad thought the science building was empty except for him until he walked by the room where he teaches a freshmen chemistry lab. Now he's looking at two of the students from the lab section that he TAs for. They were in the lab but their research material was a little off-topic. She was sitting on the edge of the bench, her legs around his waist, as they kissed. Brad fumbled for his Ipod and turned it on. He began recording as he watched them through the door.

"Female subject, 18 years in age, engaged in mating ritual with male, aged 19. Female is seated upon lab bench app. 1.5 meters high. Female's legs are wrapped around male's causing his sex organs to press against hers through clothing. Female is thrusting hips in manner similar to movements made when mounted by male in order to excite her chosen partner into mating with her. The rubbing of her sex organs against his is having the effect of increasing their heat."

"Male is removing the female's upper body garments in hurried motions. Shirt is now off as well as supporting device for her breasts. Male subject is currently licking his partner's breasts, paying particular attention to the sensitive nippular area. Female is using incoherent vocal cues to inform him that she finds this pleasurable and her heat is increasing. Female subject has just violently opened male's button up shirt. They have now traded roles, with her exciting him with kisses on the chest region."

"Female has just stood up. She is using kisses to maintain their heat as she opens the lower garments to get at his sex organ. Hardness indicates that the male is excited for her and will be ready to initiate mating shortly. Female has begun to orally stimulate organ to increase hardness so as to achieve maximum penetration into her, thereby ensuring she receives the maximum amount of seed possible."

"The male has pulled his partner into a standing position. She is arching her back so as to emphasize her breasts and waving her hips back and forth to indicate her ability to bear children for her chosen mate. Male is removing the female's pants. Undergarments are being ripped to shreds, indicating that he wishes to initiate mating immediately. Female is sitting on the counter edge again. Male is feeling her sex organs with his hand. She is spreading her legs, presenting her opening to him for mounting. Male appears unsatisfied with the amount of lubricant her body has produced to facilitate mating. Yes, he is going down to orally stimulate her sex organs to produce more. Female finds this action highly exciting and is giving vocal cues to indicate this to him and encourage similar action from him."

"Male is using tongue to stimulate sensitive areas in and around the female's opening. Female's body continues to give off instinctive signs of being in heat, including the arching of her back and swelling of her lips. Female's nipples also show increased evidence of hardening. Male has stood up and female has dropped to the floor again. She has turned around and is bending over. She is waving her hips, indicating that she is both ready and willing to mate with him. Male has lined up his organ with her opening and in one smooth thrust has mounted his mate."

Just then Brad smells a familiar perfume and is kissed lightly on the neck. "Hi hon," Anne said, "what's happening?" She looks in the door and spots the young freshman couple. Brad continues his discourse.

"Male has begun a slow series of thrusting movements with his hips. Female is responding to this by attempting to meet his thrusts with some of her own. Male has reached around and is attempting to ensure that his mate stays in heat as he deposits his seed into her by playing with her breasts." Brad could feel Anne getting turned on. She loves hearing him describe others having sex like this.

"Aren't those two of your students?" Anne asks, "John and Emily?" Brad nods affirmative as Anne's hand begins rubbing his crotch.

"Female subject has begun a series of incoherent sounds to indicate her enjoyment of her mate's attentions. Wait, one of her hands is reaching down. She appears to be attempting to increase the sensations caused by his member inside of her. The pace of thrusting has increased as the male builds up to the point of ejaculation. Female appears to be in the midst of her climax as she increase the pace of her own thrusting. The sound of the male's waist impacting with the flesh of his female is audible even through the wall."

Anne let out a small moan with that observation. Brad knew that these two won't be the only ones to get laid in this building tonight. He stole a quick glance downwards to see her rubbing him with one hand and herself with the other. She was staring at them transfixed as she listened to his discourse. Brad could feel the heat coming off of her. It's a Friday night too. They may just go back to his apartment and not put clothes on again until classes on Monday. He smiled at the thought as he went on with his documentation.

"Male has grabbed his mate's waist to better control her as he builds to climax. His thrusting is become more rapid as he builds up to the point he would give his seed to her. His only concern now is penetrating as far into his female as he can to maximize the chances of offspring from the coupling. He's stopped thrusting and is now attempting to push as deep into her as he can. He is apparently depositing his seed into her uterus. He is pulling her into him, apparently to ensure that she doesn't pull away until accepting every bit of it. The male's body has relaxed and he has released his mate, signaling that he has successfully mated with her. The mating has completed and she has pulled away from him. She has turned around and given him a kiss to signal her satisfaction with the ritual. They are now engaged in the usual post-mating displays of affection as they search for their garments. The mating cycle is concluded."

Brad switched off the Ipod and smiled at Anne. By now she was so turned on she was in no mood for games. She grabbed him by the collar and growled, "Get in here."

She pulled him next door into the chemistry library, which is open to students 24 hours. She pushed him in and closed the door. Like the chemistry lab it had one window looking out into the hall but neither cared about whether they were spotted at the moment. Brad stumbled back against the table. He leaned on it and watched her walk slowly over to him, unbuttoning her shirt. It was completely open just as she reached him. He pulled it open and off of her, revealing her tits. He smiled as he began to suck her breasts much like John did with Emily's a short while ago. Anne gasped as he took her nipples in his teeth one after another and pulled at them with his mouth. The pain made her even more excited.

She fiddled with his belt and pants button, getting them undone. She frantically clawed the jeans down and sight of the bulge in his boxers nearly made her cum. She tore them down as Brad took off his shirt. He stood there naked as she sucked on his balls. One, then the other, then both. She twirled her fingers in his chest hairs as she did this and continued to do so as she began licked his shaft. Anne ran her tongue up and down the length of his penis as she slowly moved around the length of it. Suddenly she stood up and began kissing him as she struggled to undo the button and zipper of her denim shorts. They dropped to the floor and she kicked them away.

They turned around so that she was leaning against the study table with her ass. He pushed is tongue down her throat as he felt her up through her panties. They were soaking wet and with a sharp tug he ripped them off of her. Anne smiled and slowly leaned backwards, laying down on the table. She spread her arms over her head as Brad stood towering over her at the table's edge. She opened her legs to present herself to him. "You wanna do it? Go on. You know you want to," she said as his hands massaged her tits, "God, I'm in heat. Take me! DO IT! FUCK ME! FUCK YOUR WOMAN!"

Brad slipped his cock into her and began to thrust furiously with his hips. He had to crouch slightly in order to be level with her laying on the table. Her eyes were closed, her lips flushed and slightly parted, and she let out small gasps as her body slid up and down the tables surface as Brad ravaged her cunt. She wrapped her legs around his waist and locked the ankles over his ass. Now he couldn't pull out without filling her up first. Brad can be such a baby about pregnancy, she thought, despite the fact I'm on the pill. She opened her eyes and rolled them back as she felt his shaft brushing her clit. Out of the corner of her eye she spotted a shape in the window. No, two shapes. It took her a minute to realize that it was John and Emily.

They were obviously turned on by the sight they were beholding. It looked like John may have had Emily pressed up against the door and had mounted or was preparing to mount her from behind. Maybe in the ass, Anne heard that Emily had an ass fetish. She looked up at Brad's muscular body as he continued to fuck her, unaware of their audience. She craned her head up and Brad came down to kiss her. Her body continued sliding up and down the surface of the table as she moved her kisses over to his ear. She bit his ear lobe gently and tugged on it with her teeth before whispering, "We have company."

Brad saw them in the door in his peripheral vision but he was past caring. Anne continued, "I have an idea." She kissed his neck all over as he asked what her idea was. He felt her hot breath on his ear as she said softly, "We invite them in here. You can shove the girl against the wall and screw her like you've wanted since you saw her in the lab you're teaching. I'll throw the guy on the table and show him the right way to take a woman."

Brad's thrusts got harder and without warning he started to cum into her. His thrusting subsided and when it stopped he said, "Ok."

He stood up to let Anne off the table. He walked over to the door and opened it. John was indeed pressing Emily's body into the door. Both of their pants were on the floor around their ankles as he fucked her in the ass. They both tumbled in and nearly fell over if Brad hadn't caught them. Anne smiled at them as she stood completely naked in the middle of the room and said, "Hello children. We noticed you watching our little performance and thought you'd like a bit of private tutoring."

Brad closed the door behind them as Anne walked up to the very nervous couple. Brad could see a trickle of cum running down the inside of her thigh as she walked. Watching her quickly got him hard again. She went up to Emily as John just stared at her hard stomach and large tits. Anne put a hand on Emily's cheek and stopped so that they were just close enough for their tits to lightly brush against each other. 

"What's your name honey?" Anne asked kindly.

"Emily," she answered in a very nervous voice. She obviously didn't know what to do or think.

"And how old are you?" Anne asked as she caressed the side of the girl's face.

"I turned eighteen last week."

"Congratulations! So this is your first man?"

"No, my third. My first one took me when I was sixteen." Her voice sounded stronger as she told Anne about her sex life. She seemed to be relaxing.

Anne put a hand on each of her shoulders and turned her around gently so she faced me. She also stepped closer to Emily so her entire body was pressing against her back. She started to run her hands up and down over her chest and stomach. Brad could see Emily rubbing her ass against Anne in response. He turned to John and asked, "What about you, mate? Is she your first?"

He nodded sheepishly. Anne clucked at him sympathetically as she made circular motions with her fingertips around Emily's nipples. "I'll make you a deal. Emily, Brad here is your TA in chemistry lab, isn't he? Do you think he's attractive?"

She nodded and Anne continued, "I do too. Have you fantasized about him taking you?"

"Oh God, yes."

"Did you know that he often fantasizes about having a one-night stand with you? Mmmm, he has. I'll make you a deal. I have an incredible guy here but there's one problem. You see, I'm the only woman he's ever been with. If you will go over there and show him how a man should take his woman I'll take your boyfriend here and give him a lesson in how to make love to a woman. What do you say?"

Anne was running her fingers through Emily's pussy hair as she thought it over. She finally said ok and Anne roughly pushed her at me. She stumbled but I caught her, picked her up, and slammed her against the wall hard. I kiss her roughly as I hear Anne and John behind me going at each other. Emily was a little fatter then Anne but not too much. While Anne's body was sculpted and showed little fat Emily obviously hasn't kept herself in that kind of shape. Even so, she was extremely attractive with shoulder-length red hair and medium sized tits.

One of her legs was around my ass as I squeezed her tits roughly. I was so turned on but I knew I had to wait. I began to move downwards over her stomach and down to her cunt. She rested her leg on my shoulder as I began to eat her out. I sucked on her clit and slid my tongue inside, fucking her with it. Her hands were on the back of my head, pulling me into her. Brad can feel her cum flowing into his mouth and all over his face. Finally she took her leg off his shoulder and let him up. As he stood he glanced over his shoulder to find Anne riding John, who was laid back on the table.

Brad stood up and Emily immediately began to lick all of her cum off of his face. He gripped her shoulders and pushed her back so she was leaning against the wall. He stepped up to her, his cock pressing against her. He crouched down slightly and in one motion entered her. She lifted one leg up and wrapped it around him as he started to thrust slowly. Emily felt her body respond as his cock rubbed back and forth against her clit. 

She could feel her body being pushed up slightly each time he thrust into her. His hands were kneading her breasts as his mouth was clamped over hers. She could feel him sucking her tongue into his mouth. She reached around and gripped his ass. She opened her eyes for a moment to see what Jon was up to now. He had Anne bent over the table and was fucking her as hard as he could from behind. Brad's thrusts began to speed up. Each thrust pushed her into the wall. His cock was barely brushing against her clit but it was enough to excite her. Soon Emily could feel herself building up to another climax. She let out a loud gasp as she exploded onto Brad's cock. He gripped her ass to support her weight as her legs gave out. 

She could feel his thrusts become more urgent. She wanted him to cum into her. She tried to position herself so he could thrust even faster. She's never wanted anything more than to feel his cum being deposited inside of her. As he built up to his climax she was aware of another person coming up to them. Suddenly Brad was pulled away from her, leaving Emily standing naked against the wall. She opened her eyes to see that Anne had broken them apart. Emily stomped her foot in frustration as Anne pushed Brad into a bookshelf. She said to him in a low seductive tone, "Now, just because I let you screw with another woman doesn't mean that you get to cum in her."

She started to walk towards him slowly naked, moving her hips back and forth with each stride. "You let him fill your slutty cunt," Brad retorted angrily as his hard cock stuck out of him.

Anne turned around to show him the semen on her ass and lower back. "No, I didn't. You see, there's only one man for this 'slutty cunt,'" she whispered as she pressed her body against his.

As Emily watched Anne put a foot onto a shelf to one side of his waist. She wrapped her arms around her man and put the other foot on the same shelf on the other side of him and lifted herself up. She kissed him as she lifted herself up and positioned herself so that the head of his cock is just touching her hole. She smiled and kissed him as she slowly lowered herself down; impaling herself with his rod. She began to move her body up and down on his cock. Brad was already most of the way there and so it wasn't long before he was groaning and suddenly he hugged her, pulling her body into his. He held her there for well over a minute as his cock filled her pussy with his baby-making juice. Finally, he relaxed and let her go. She held herself there for a minute as she felt him go soft inside of her. Finally she hopped down and his member slid out of her, covered in her own cum. She wrapped an arm around his neck and kissed him. "Good boy," she cooed, "Way to screw your woman."

She turned around at the astonished couple who watched them. Dan stood by the table where he sprayed his cum over Anne's ass while Emily was by the wall. Anne told them briskly to go back to one of their dorm rooms and continue with their "hump fest." They began to scramble around to gather their clothes while Brad and Anne watched them naked by the bookshelf. Brad's arms were wrapped around her stomach as she began to rub his crotch with her ass. Within moments Brad was hard again but Anne wasn't doing anything to present her cunt to him. In fact, she just seemed to want to feel her man's hardness against her.

As he came to realize that she was going to arouse him and do nothing to help him relieve his urges Brad became angry. This slut's been manipulating all of us all evening long. As Emily was being convinced by Dan to leave her undies in the library Brad began to slowly move his hands around to her sides. Anne was fixated on the half-naked couple dressing and didn't notice until it was too late. In one swift motion his hands found her ass cheeks. His fingers pried her crack apart and his cock forced its way into her asshole. 
