 Helene walked down the market town's High Street on a drowsy summer afternoon. The elastic had gone in her left stocking and it kept falling over her knee. She had escaped for the afternoon, escaped to meet her girlfriend, and the one day of the week when she would know where Miranda was. Johnson's department store, lady's fashions.

The schoolgirl pushed open the heavy wooden revolving door and headed towards the creaking escalator. The shop had recently had a face lift: once notorious for its out-of-date clothes and musty atmosphere, the styles on sale had a modern feel, and girls from St Cats were encouraged to work there in their final years. 

Helene looked around the department: Miranda was nowhere to be seen. The only person Helene could see was a smart young woman tidying shelves behind the counter. 

Helene approached the desk. She watched the young woman for a moment, she had dark brown curls and was wearing what looked like a silk dress, a rather gorgeous blue with a subtle motif.

"Excuse me, I'm looking for some stockings for St Cats?"

The woman turned around.

"Helene?"

The voice was unmistakable.

"Miranda! Oh my god!"

Miranda rolled her eyes.

"They've got me on sales now. Full time job... I just walked into it."

Miranda glanced across the shop, seeing her supervisor walking in.

"St Cat's stockings? Yes miss, we have them in stock. I'll get you a pair."

The supervisor swiped the till.

"Have you had a break yet?"

"Not yet, this is my friend Helene. Thought we'd go out for a coffee."

The supervisor smiled.

"Why don't you take your friend up to the canteen?"

Miranda turned to Helene.

"Shall we?"

The two girls walked over to the lift chatting animatedly.

"What do you think of the outfit?"

Helene looked her friend up and down.

"Makes a change from sensible shoes and the pinafore dress. And those aren't regulation stockings!"

"I'm beautiful, admit it!"

The old lift juddered as it went up.

"One hundred percent silk, see how it feels!"

Helene smiled to herself, reaching out to her girlfriend's waist, pulling her towards her. She kissed her softly on the lips, her arm sliding effortlessly over the dress.

"Gorgeous," she whispered.

Miranda laughed, pushing her away.

"Later!"

Helene held her hand.

"But I want you now... I've been thinking about you - just a kiss?"

Miranda sighed pleasurably.

"Just a kiss. But not here. There's a storeroom."

The lift opened onto a shabby corridor, very different from the glamour of the department store beneath. Miranda dragged Helene down the corridor.

"Here, shhh!"

They closed the door behind them. Helene dropped the new stockings on the floor, pulled Miranda to her, felt her lips against hers, the schoolgirl's hands running over her lover's silky body, their tongues meeting, gratefully sliding. Helene moaned quietly.

"I need you..."

Miranda felt those hands on her hips, gathering the silk dress, sliding it up over her thighs. Helene slipped her hands on her friend's bare bum.

"No knickers?"

Miranda giggled.

"I was late for hurry!"

She pouted.

"Felt a bit slutty too!"

Helene sunk to her knees in front of Miranda. She kissed her girlfriend's thighs, flicking her tongue over the soft skin, feeling the rough lace at the top of Miranda's stocking tops. She ran her fingers around the lace, cupping her girlfriend's legs, pulling her pussy towards her.

Helene rested her face against the smooth, hairless mound. Miranda smelt clean and fragrant, exciting and familiar. Helene licked the groove of skin at the top of her leg, sliding her tongue over the skin to that beautiful slit. She kissed it tenderly, waiting for Miranda to part her legs, willing her to lick her more, wanting to taste that burst of excitement from between her legs.

The door handle rattled.

Helene jumped backwards, falling over on the cleaning equipment. Miranda darted forward, trying to grab the handle.

"How did you get in here?"

A security guard was framed in the doorway. Big and muscular, darkly-featured, he filled the space, staring suspiciously at the girls.

"This area is private. What were you doing?"

Miranda stuttered.

"I work here, I was just showing my friend around, Mrs Taylor said I could."

She fiddled with her lapel badge.

"See? Miranda Thomas?"

The guard looked at the badge doubtfully.

"OK," he said reluctantly, "you work here. But what were you doing?"

His eyes fell on the packet of stockings on the floor.

"Got a receipt for those?"

Helene said: "no, I haven't bought them yet, but I was going to, of course!"

The guard stood aside.

"Security room. Now."

He grabbed Helene's shoulder, pulling her roughly out into the corridor.

"Both of you."

The two girls walked down the corridor, past the bustling canteen and up a narrow staircase.

The guard spoke into his radio.

"Ken, I might have stumbled on that shoplifting ring. Meet me in the interview room."

Miranda turned.

"Shoplifting ring? A packet of stockings, are you joking?"

The guard pushed her forward.

"Get on with it. We'll soon figure it out."

The two girls stood in a room, completely bare except for a stout looking table and a simple chair.

The guard took his hat off and looked at them. Helene looked at him. Mid-thirties, she thought, needs a shave. Fit, that was for sure, you could tell from the way his blue uniform clung to his body.

The door opened and an older man came in. He was balding, and heavier set, but still handsome in his uniform.

"What's up, Rob?"

The younger man said: "Miranda Thomas. Ladies fashions. A friend. Found them in the storeroom concealing unpaid goods."

Miranda burst out: "it's a packet of stockings, £4.99, St Cat's special. We're not going to steal them."

The older man ran his hand over his balding head.

"Pay up now then, and let's make good on the stockings."

Helene rummaged in her dress pocket.

"I..."

"You don't have any money," said Ken. "There's a surprise."

He turned to Miranda.

"I'm supposed to call the police. No women on duty, so I can't do a strip search see, it's got to go to the police."

Helene felt as if she was about to start crying.

"Please don't call the police. I'll get into such trouble. Can't I go and get five pounds, and I'll pay you, I need those stockings, you can see that."

She pointed at her loose stocking.

Rob looked as if he was about to agree, but Ken spoke up.

"I can't do that. Don't know what else you've got on you, don't know if you've stashed anything. Don't know if you've got any little friends waiting for you."

He pulled out his mobile phone.

"We'll strip."

Miranda spoke fast.

"We don't mind. We've got nothing to hide. We're innocent, please let us show you."

The guards' eyes met. Helene thought: "there's something else going on here."

"I don't mind either."

Helene started to unbutton her school uniform dress, stepping out of it, letting it fall onto the floor. Slipping out of her blouse, standing in front of the two men in her bra, knickers and stockings.

"Strip search," Ken said, "it means that."

Helene said: "but you can see I'm not hiding anything."

Ken shrugged.

"Jewellery. Silk scarves. You'd be amazed what you can have tucked down there."

Miranda sighed.

"May as well get it over with."

Helene kicked off her shoes, pushing her stockings to the floor. Reaching behind her back, she fiddled with her bra, her nerves getting the better of her.

"Let me."

Miranda stood behind her girlfriend, lifting her blonde hair away from her shoulders. The undone bra fell from Helene's chest. Miranda hugged her naked body from behind.

"It'll be OK," she whispered, pushing Helene's simple white knickers down over the girl's hips. Feeling terribly exposed, the blonde teenager covered her crotch with her hands.

The two men starred at the naked teenager.

"She's not hiding anything," Miranda said.

Ken grunted, wiggling his hips as though in discomfort.

"Lift your hands, young lady."

Helene raised her hands as if in surrender, her hairless pussy now on full view.

Rob raised his eyebrows.

"Not hiding a damn thing."

He whistled appreciatively.

"Pretty little thing. Quite a pair. Miss Thomas. We need to check you over too."

Miranda swallowed nervously.

"Yes, of course. Helene, would you help me undress please?"

The two girls faced each other. Miranda briefly kissed Helene on the corner of her mouth.

"Thank you sweetheart."

She turned around. Helene undid the catch at the top of the glamorous silk dress, the slinky material slipping from the girl's shoulders.

"I need to be careful with the dress and the stockings," Miranda said, "they're staff display."

She stood, facing the men, her breasts fuller than Helene's, her dark nipples exposed. Miranda let go of the dress, letting it ride down her legs, letting the men have a good view of her pussy, her thighs, the full lace of the stockings framing her figure in a perfect picture of enticing youth.

"So what were you doing in the storeroom?" asked Rob.

Miranda looked at Helene. Her message was clear. Helene cleared her throat.

"We were looking for somewhere quiet."

Their eyes met. Miranda continued.

"We had a little kiss. Then Helene was going down on me when you opened the door."

Rob laughed.

"Yeah right, I'll believe that when I see it."

Helene said: "would you like to see some proof?"

The two men looked bewildered. Ken spoke first.

"Go on then, young lady. We'll believe that."

Helene said: "Miranda, why don't you lie on that table?"

Miranda smiled sweetly.

"What a good idea."

Miranda sat on the edge of the table, lifting up her slim legs in the expensive pale stockings one by one. She rested back on her hands, silhouetted against the rooftop window. She parted her legs, facing Helene.

"Where had we got to?"

Helene said, "I need to get in the mood again. Shall we kiss?"

The naked blonde schoolgirl walked over to her friend on the table. Standing between her legs, she lent over her girlfriend's body, her arms on either side of her. Their open mouths met, lips touching. Very deliberately, Miranda let the watching men see their tongues meeting, then sucked Helene's into her mouth. The teen could feel her nipples hardening, knowing that the men would be looking, knowing what this vision would be doing to them.

She broke off.

"Bite my nipples, darling."

Helene lowered herself down, first licking around Miranda's erect nipple, sucking it in, biting it gently with her teeth.

Miranda moaned, wriggling on the table.

"More..."

Helene repeated the action on her friend's other breast, then moved further down, half kissing, half licking the girl's belly, letting her tongue slide over her skin slowly, feeling Miranda's raised legs against her shoulders: the cool nylon, the rough lace, the silky warm skin of her thighs.

Miranda looked down, seeing the girl's blonde hair draped over her body, hiding her face.

"Look at me," she whispered, "look at me when you lick me."

She groaned.

"Oh god, that's right."

Helene parted Miranda's pussy with her fingers, exploring the opening with the tip of her tongue, looking up at her friend's ecstatic face.

"OK, OK, we believe you."

Rob spoke.

"At least we believe half the story. But how about the other way around, just because blondie goes down, doesn't mean your story is true."

Miranda said, "you're not going to let her finish what she started? Typical bloody man!"

Ken said, "blondie, why don't you hop up on the table, over your friend. Do each other. Then we'll let you off. Tell you what, you can have the stockings on me."

Helene said, "you want Miranda to lie on the table, and me over her, so I can lick her pussy, and she can lick mine?"

Rob nodded. "Yes. I'll keep an eye on one end, Ken can do the other. No cheating, and it'll take half the time. Here, I'll give you a hand."

Rob strode across the room, offering his hand to Helene.

The schoolgirl clambered up on the table, lifting her leg over Miranda's body.

"Like this, sir?"

Rob nodded.

"You'll need to part your legs, make sure Miss Thomas can reach."

Helene slid her legs apart on the shiny table surface, lowering her pussy over her friend's face, hoping her thighs were strong enough to hold her body in place. She could feel Miranda's breath on her thighs, the other girl's hands now on her hips, on her bum, pulling her body into position, pressing it down on her face.

That first lick was electric. Strong, slow and penetrating, Helene felt the teenage girl's tongue slip between her pussy lips, as deep as Miranda could manage.

"Ohhhhhh!"

Immediately Helene could feel a ripple of excitement running through her body. All she wanted to do was to be there like that, enjoying the feelings. But Rob had other plans, he placed his hands on the blonde girl's head, pushing her down onto Miranda's hairless pussy. Helene opened her lips, covering her friend's pubic mound with her mouth, flicking the stiff little clitoris with her tongue, parting the lips, tasting the excitement.

Rob was standing so close to her that Helene could feel the bulging fabric of his trousers brushing against her head. Blindly, she reached out, thinking to push him away. Instead, she felt the powerful warmth of his cock beneath the uniform.

Rob groaned. Breaking off from Miranda's wet muff, Helene reached out, undoing Rob's belt, unbuttoning his trousers, pushing them down over his hips, releasing his erection from his white boxers. She held it in her right hand: warm and exciting. She watched his dazed face curiously as she wanked him slowly.

Beneath her, Miranda was obviously having a similar thought. She'd stopped licking Helene with such intensity - now her stocking-clad legs were wrapping themselves around Rob's waist, pulling him closer. Helene looked down. Rob's pulsating cock was in between her face and Miranda's pussy. Helene bent her head down, licked along its length, taking the end in her mouth, still wanking him slowly with her hand.

There were hands between her legs now, a finger - or was it two - was carefully penetrating her. Another was slowly circling her exposed bumhole. She clenched involuntarily, not knowing or caring whether it was her teenage lover's, or that other older man who was taking his pleasure with her body.

Helene let the stiff cock fall from her mouth. She held it, pushing it down towards her girlfriend's pussy, rubbing the tip between the soaking wet lips. Then she raised it again, tasting Miranda's pussy juice on the end of the throbbing cock. Again, she guided Rob down, this time pulling him towards her, encouraging him to penetrate her girlfriend to his full length. She paused for a moment, admiring the stiff clitoris, exposed above the wet lips, straining to accommodate the security guard's erection.

Suddenly, Helene felt herself being pulled down onto Miranda's face again. Once again, that deep, strong licking set waves of orgasmic excitement flooding through her body.

Helene lowered her head. Angling sideways, she found Miranda's clitty, licking it with the tip of her tongue, feeling the brunette wriggle uncontrollably below her body. Rob was sliding in and out of Miranda now, his cock lubricated with the thick, sensuous pussy juice that Helene loved so much. She moved from her girlfriend to the man's member, licking his length as he fucked Miranda, tasting the raw sex with passion.

Miranda felt the indescribably sensations of being licked and fucked at the same time. Her concentration kept drifting from Helene's pussy. She lent back, helping Ken to get his erection out. A good fat one, one Miranda knew that Helene would enjoy. Ken held it firmly against Helene's pussy, rubbing it up and down, letting it slide on the juice up and over that puckered, exposed arsehole. Miranda watched, fascinated, as Ken pushed himself into Helene's hairless pussy, causing a dribble of juice to run down Helene's inner thigh. Miranda licked it clean, then closed her eyes as she felt Rob surging against her, and again, Helene's tongue simultaneously sucking her clit, flicking it furiously.

Rob was groaning. Helene had seen enough men to know he was on the edge of cumming. She pushed him back, forcing his cock to fall from her girlfriend. Helene grabbed it, pulling it to her mouth, deep, as far as possible. She loved the excitement of the mingled tastes: her girlfriend's pussy, this strange man's cock, his cum almost in her mouth. She grabbed his balls, holding them tightly, fucking him with her open mouth. 

Helene felt the older man's hands grabbing her arse, fucking her deeply and deliberately. But she couldn't focus on him yet, she had things to take care of.

Momentarily, Rob jerked, his cock slipping from her mouth, a warm thick spurt of creamy cum shooting from him onto Helene's face. She grabbed him again, feeling the heat of his sperm around her lips. She licked the cum her lips, wanking him, angling his cock towards her breasts and Miranda's tummy.

"Cum over me."

Rob's hands were on her head. Again, he ejaculated with a powerful groan. Helene felt a sudden stickiness on her neck, her chest; and then a third spurt landed on Miranda's smooth, wet pussy. Helene ran her fingers over the girl, rubbing the man's cum into her cunt, playing with Miranda's clitoris, knowing that the girl was in the throes of a powerful orgasm, feeling the sweat on the body she was lying on, the bucking hips, the glistening juice dripping from the teenager's wet pussy.

"Make me cum, darling," Helene begged, guiding Rob's still erect cock to her mouth, holding his balls, tasting the cum and the pussy juice on the end of his prick, hoping he had more, hoping for that warmth in her mouth, on her tongue.

Miranda was shaking. Helene's hands were driving her orgasm without mercy. Waves of pleasure ran through the schoolgirl's body. Her eyes were closed, unaware of anything except the hands on her pussy, the warm cum being rubbed into her sin. Helene's body was warm and soft, and pressing down on her shoulders, her tits, her belly, her pussy.

It was too much for Ken. Deep inside the blonde teenager, young enough to be his daughter, he thrust himself deeper and deeper, faster and faster, without any thought other than the animal desire in his belly. The cum gathered in his balls, and with his hands on the schoolgirl's firm smooth buttocks, he repeatedly emptied himself deep in her pussy. Over and over and over again, Ken came as though he was a young man. Spent, he pulled himself out, staggering backwards towards the chair.

Miranda looked up at her girlfriend's wet, hairless pussy. Heard her begging to cum. Saw the man's cum oozing out of the wet pussy, trickling over that firm, desparate clitoris. Miranda pulled the teenager towards her face, opened her mouth and let the cum and the juice drip into her mouth.

Helene whispered again.

"Lick me clean..."

Miranda lifted her hand, spreading the girl's wet lips with her fingers, penetrating her up to the knuckle with two fingers. The warmth and wetness was incredible. Miranda pulled her fingers out, sliding them up along Helene's crease, towards the girl's arsehole. She circled it, then pressed down, letting her finger slide inside the girl's arse.

Helene's hips were rocking desparately, pressing down on Miranda's face. As soon as her girlfriend's tongue met that clit, she knew she was cumming, and cumming hard.

Helene was incoherent with excitement.

"Lick me, lick me, eat me, I'm cumming, I'm cumming.... oooh!"

The blonde's hips were bucking so powerfully, all Miranda had to do was to hold her tongue against her. Pussy juice and cum drenched her face, her finger sinking further and further into Helene's arse.
