 My heart felt thanks to that poor creature named Dark Empress. Without her help and encouragement this project not only would be daunting but impossible.

This begins the series of stories called Abnegation; which is the second of three separate, inter-related stories of Shane's life. The first set is Dissolute: The Vanderbilt Years. The third is Libidinous. Because of the way I am writing them, each series is designed to more or less stand alone and won't have too much interconnectivity. 

Please feel free to leave a Public Comment or PM me with any feedback. Whether you love or hate the story, please vote, it is the best means to judge how you, the reader, enjoy my work.

Abnegation: Chapter 1 Meeting Lori

Austin Texas

It was mid September and I was in my last year of Law School at one of the best in the country, the University of Texas in Austin. Historically one of the top twenty schools in the country, UT was a sweat shop churning out some 12,000 graduates a year, losing around 2000 students from each class. Looking back on the previous two years, I really couldn't understand the fuss. Law school was not all that difficult. 

In fact the only comment I had heard about my work was my tendency to be over-verbose in my arguments and papers at times. It wasn't often I claimed the limelight, but when we discussed constitutional concepts, I could not and did not restrain myself. I know what I think and am willing to share it, and I am enthusiastic about the topic. I was usually at odds with both the faculty and students of my classes. I was a conservative southern Democrat, which of course meant I was more and more becoming a man without a party. There were a couple bastions of conservative thinking left in the Texas Democratic party, but even they were beginning to face pressure from those in their party left of them, especially in the primaries.

To give credit that is due, for the most part the professors' graded more on how one thought and expressed themselves, and less on what the thinking was. I never heard of anyone that received a grade based on what they thought.

It helped being more than 800 miles from home that I met the two men that would be lifelong friends at UT. 

The first was Chuck Bryant. Chuck was a gregarious fellow that almost always had the room centered on him, and to be fair to Chuck, there was more to him than the rest of us. He naturally led conversations and could get people to talk to him about nearly anything. He was about five foot ten and skinny at around 140 pounds. Chuck had neat black hair like the feathers of a raven and piercing blue eyes, not too unlike the waters in the Gulf of Mexico. It was the two most prominent features on a face that could only be described as awesome. He had rugged good looks that Texans seem to have a claim on and everyone's eyes naturally meandered to him when he walked by. His life long dream had always been to be a Congressman to the United States House of Representatives.

The interesting thing about a man that has a life's mission and that has embraced it is that he becomes driven. Each decision was weighed against the goal of public office. If the decision didn't advance that goal, then he didn't do it. Period. Church was based on that, Southern Baptist; his girlfriend was as well, her father a county assessor, her mother a trophy bride in her own right. In fact the decision of UT for law school had been part of that process, knowing that he would make innumerable connections here and be able to access them his entire life.

Chuck always seemed to lead people and never seemed to be lead. The only exception to that particular truth was Binyamin, or Ben. The two of them discussed matters of mutual import calmly and quietly, and the only time half of Austin couldn't hear Ben, was during those conversations. Once they decided something in common, it was solved and no force under the heavens would change their path. 

The other person I met was of course Binyamin Dreyfus. He was a mountainous man, standing over six feet six inches and over three hundred pounds. He already had a long beard growing and a shaggy mop on top of his head he had grown as long as most of the women on campus. Sharp brown eyes gleamed from the mass of hair that surrounded and hid his face. A nearly kosher carbon copy of Brian Blessed in "Flash Gordon", he was loud and boisterous, with a seemingly persistent smirk on his face. 

Women ate him up. Never without a date when he wanted one, Ben started working at a car dealership to help pay for his dating habits. The problem to my mind was that he loved the car business and was slacking off at school. His grades had slipped and his standing in the class was slipping each semester. He now sat at the fifty percentile and was completely unconcerned about it. 

"Don't worry Shane" he had said, "I'll never practice law a day of my life. Car business baby, I'll keep you and Chuck in cash in due time and you two can go remake the world in our collective image. Even if I am in the bottom ten percentile, no car dealer is going to care, all they will care about is if I move metal or not. You and I both know that people have a problem saying no to me." 

I had laughed and said, "Yeah, they are afraid you will kick their ass for saying no."

Between the two of them, I managed to walk around relatively unnoticed. If somehow someone's eyes made it past Ben, Chuck was there to gain and keep their attention. I 

guess it kind of made me a social parasite, I would frequently mutter, "I'm with him," and pointed at the closer of the two and most accepted that and more than a few would give a knowing smile. All of which suited me fine. I am not normally the limelight kind of guy, more like the guy behind the person in the limelight, whispering advice; and I had two very forceful personalities to whisper to.

I loved those guys like they were brothers, a feeling that would never change.

~*~*~*~*~*~*

It was a Saturday night, after a football game where some sacrificial offering of a football team made the trip to Austin to get pounded into the ground. The three of us had gone to the game, tailgated with one of the local members of the Republican Party before the game, and drank enough beer to miss most of the second quarter pissing it all out. 

After the game, we crashed a post game tailgate hosted by one of the local members of the Democratic Party. Between the two, the Republicans had better food, the Democrats better women: Advantage Democrats in my mind.

The three of us were on Sixth Street where everyone was drinking and tying one on. If you have never made it to Sixth Street after a home game, you absolutely must do so. I don't care who you are, or what you are like, someone on Sixth Street will like your look enough to take you home.

Ben, Chuck and I had gone down about 9:00 that fateful evening and were bouncing around half the clubs, aimlessly meandering from one bar to another. Chuck and Ben were flirting with no intent; both apparently wanted to keep in practice. They both had steady girlfriends and while that didn't keep Ben from playing around, Chuck had the added pressure of wanting to run for office one day so always kept in check.

We had stopped to watch one of the street performers play a song on his guitar. It was a Neil Young tune from the mid seventies, and the guy playing it had a better voice than Neil. After all, Neil Young, Tom Petty and a handful of others should write, but not sing songs.

While standing and listening to the performer, Christine and Alice found their respective men, Ben and Chuck. We were all tapping along with the song when Christine gently pulled Ben's head down by the beard and whispered to him. The resulting "Hell ya!" and smile could only mean he was about to take off with her, and was going to do his best to screw her senseless. True to form, after the song was over Ben whispered, which meant only half a block of people heard him, "Christine and I are out of here. She has a surprise for me at the apartment."

Everyone in the mass around the performer smiled at Ben and Christine as they walked off. Ben was taking half steps to Christine's jog. I turned to say something smart assed to Chuck and noticed he and Alice had slipped out during the distraction that was Ben. 

I spotted a pretty redhead, hair down her back to about her waist in the crowd. I couldn't tell if she was watching me or the performer, but it seemed every time I glanced her way, her burnt sienna eyes were riveted on me. I didn't pay much attention while the performer played another Neil Young song. 

I wandered off toward another bar about halfway through the song, which turned out to be a dance bar with a bass that rattled my insides painfully. Normally I am quite fond of too much bass in music, especially at a club, but not tonight. I headed down the street a little farther to the next club and once again I could hear the music from outside and decided against it.

Restless, I thought I wanted someone's company but for the life of me couldn't figure out who or what I wanted from them. Turning to head across the street, I saw the redhead again, this time with a tall blonde. They were holding hands and chatting amiably as they approached the club I was standing next to. Both were stunning in their own right.

The redhead was perhaps five foot five and slight of frame. She had a pear shaped face with freckles across her nose and cheek bones. Her brown eyes, the color of milk chocolate, had a fire in them. She had massive tits that ponderously swung left and right with each step. A curvy little butt and thin legs allowed her to walk like a wanton slut and make it attractive. With each step she telegraphed, come fuck me big boy to anyone that noticed. She was wearing a shockingly white bra with a black jacket and matching high heels, which was all the rage in the mid 80's. She wasn't wearing a skirt and I couldn't tell if she was wearing shorts or not.

The blonde was taller; about five foot nine with beauty pageant queen written all over her. She had an easy grace, and her body flowed like water when she moved. Her deep bronze tan highlighted the emerald eyes which were the main feature on a long face that was the female equivalent to Chuck Bryant's. Her hair was just below her shoulders and was pulled back out of her eyes to bounce freely across her back and shoulders. Full, heavy breasts were nicely shaped and ensconced in a western styled shirt comprising a shock of color, much like one would expect at a paint factory explosion. Her curvaceous body was further accentuated by a pair of Turquoise Rocky Mountain Jeans that was painted on. Not a flat inch on her anywhere that I could see; and of what I could see, she held her own against the half naked redhead, whose hand rested in hers.

I watched them enter the club I was standing next to as the ebb and flow of the crowd kept me pinned against the wall. Truth be told, I was fine with that. Though either of the women I had just seen would be a lovely distraction for the night, it wasn't in the cards; they apparently had each other, and I really did not care to go inside a thunderous night club.

Working my way from the wall I headed back to the street performer I had seen earlier. I listened and tossed a couple of dollars into the guitar case at his feet and stepped back a little. Lost in space, I didn't see the redhead until her ass was planted against my left leg, which warranted shocked expression on my face.

"Ooops. Sorry." She said in a musical extremely high-pitched voice. She moved to the right six inches or so and then backed up into me again. This time her ass cheeks were framing my flaccid cock. "Mmmm. That's better." Her head craned around and she looked at me, her eyes burning hotly, as she whispered, "Don't you agree?"

I stared into her eyes and cupped her face gently. "Yeah, your aim is better on the second attempt."

With a playfully hurt look on her face, she said, "You know, it is not polite to make a woman throw herself at you like this."

Laughing I looked at her, "It does remove any ambiguity though."

Her laughter rang out lightly, making her ass jiggle a little against my cock, which was now hardening quickly. She leaned back, her shoulder blades against my upper abdomen and stood there. I wrapped my right arm around her narrow waist and held her close, whispering, "Inquiring minds would love to know what you are wearing below that jacket."

The redhead wrapped her arms around my arm, cradling me against her and said, "Then you should find out and let them know."

My left hand shot out and cupped her thigh, which elicited a small moan from her as she spread her legs a little. Slowly, I ran my hand up until I met the fabric of her jacket. I held it there a moment gauging her reaction to it. She nodded once and then I continued my ascent up her thigh. My wrist pushed the fabric of the jacket up as my hand reached the crease between her ass and leg. I massaged her a moment and heard her whisper, "Go on."

My hand cupped her delicious looking ass and still no fabric, just her soft smooth skin. Wonder must have crossed my face, as I pondered if she was wearing anything at all. I rotated my hand a little until my pinky finger bumped into that space between her labia and her groin muscle. There I felt the smooth finish of satin. Slightly hunchbacked to allow myself to touch her this way, my pinky brushed across the satin and over the labia underneath. The redhead sighed softly.

I couldn't see her face, but the people on the other side of the performer were now watching Red and I instead of the performer, who had his eyes glued to the redhead's jacket hem. 

I slid my left hand around her ass across the front of her hip underneath the jacket. The jacket was short enough to allow the performer a good view of her panties as I pressed against her pubic mound with my hand.

My right hand slid up her torso and into the jacket. Once inside I reached across to her left breast. Wrapping my hand around it, I was startled to find that she was abundantly larger than a handful. I heard her moan again and whispered, "Do you want me to fuck you here? In front of all these people?"

Her hand slipped behind her and she grasped my cock, squeezing it hard as she moaned, "Fuck yes."

My left hand lowered and pressed the region around her clit as my right hand found her nipple and pinched it lightly. Red's moans were now causing the entire circle to look at us; the guy that had been performing stopped, sitting there looking at my fingers and Red's panties with a hungry look in his eyes.

Getting arrested aside, I didn't want to share this with anyone. "My place or yours?"

A whispered hungry high-pitched voice is a powerfully seductive sound, and my cock quavered when she said, "Mine. Let's go."

We all but ran from Sixth Street toward the dorms, hand in hand. My cock had almost rubbed itself raw in my boxers, which did nothing to lessen my anticipation for the beauty next to me. After a couple of blocks, I said, "What is your name?" 

"Brooke" She replied.

"My name is Shane," I offered.

Brooke stopped and yanked my hand spinning me toward her. "Look, Shane. I bet you are a nice guy, and maybe we can get to know each other tomorrow. Tonight I want a fuck. I want to fuck hard, and I want to fuck all night long."

For all of about one second I felt...well, I am not sure what I felt in that moment, but when my head registered "fuck", all was good. "Okay. Here or at your dorm?"

She looked around and said, "Dorm silly. We'll do it in public next time; if there is a next time."

We took off again and I used my most natural talent the rest of the way: Keeping my damn mouth shut.

A dorm is a dorm and a dorm room is a dorm room. Detailed descriptions wouldn't do any of us any good. Not to mention, I don't recall looking at anything other than the firebomb in my hands.

The door was still swinging shut when I grabbed Brooke by the shoulders and pulled her close. My hands unbuttoned the jacket and it slid to the floor in record time. Brooke did a little pirouette and said with a lusty smile, "Like what you see?"

I took the step between us and ran my hands up her arms lightly. Following the fabric of her bra my hands teased her tits and met in the middle. Taking each bra cup in a hand I yanked hard, the fabric hung for a second and the sound of fabric ripping filled the air as the thin strap of material split. Her huge tits spilled out and wiggled for a second. It was really incredible how large they were. They were easily a D cup, maybe a DD. Her areola was not very large about the size of a small plum, and her nipples looked like two grapes sitting on top of those magnificent tits. I bent over and sucked one of them into my mouth.

A moan escaped her mouth and her hands wrapped into my hair. My hands wrapped around her ass as I picked her up and headed to the closest bed. We bounced on the bed once before coming to a stop, lying atop Brooke. Her nipple was still in my mouth and I massaged her soft pliant ass. Spreading her legs, Brooke allowed me to nestle on the bed, and I began kissing my way across to her other tit. 

My course across her torso was altered, when Brooke moaned, and thrust her hips up, driving her cunt into my chest. I could feel the damp heat through the fabric of her panties and began kissing my way down her flat tummy. I could smell her pussy as I licked around her belly button. Brooke's hips thrust up against me in a rhythm all her own as my tongue left a trail of saliva on her skin. 

I sat up on my knees and looked down and across her body, drinking her in. My hands slowly ran up her inner thighs, only to swerve as I got close to her heat source. I tugged on the band to her panties; Brooke lifted her sweet ass up, and peeled the panties slowly off of her. Her pussy was magnificent. She was starting to open in her excitement, a small amount of dew collecting on the bottom half of her labia. Crowning her pussy was a closely trimmed patch of hair, shaped like a rectangle. 

I massaged and kissed my way up her left leg, going as slowly as I could. Her skin tasted like a salty raspberry. As I reached Brooke's knee I reached out with my right hand and pressed it against her pussy and held it there. When Brooke bucked her hips up to generate more pressure against her clit, I removed my hand. Her groans of frustration filled the small room.

I continued the press and hold while kissing my way from her knee to that space between her labia and groin. I sucked in while there, much like you would with a nipple, My tongue flicked across her skin gently. As I moved to her left leg, I switched hands against her pussy. But this time, I kept my fingertips against her clit which was beginning to peek out from its hood. I could feel the heat and wetness of her honey pot against my palm and it took a great deal of will power to keep teasing her legs and pussy. I wanted nothing more than to drive my tongue into her and suck out her essence. 

As I arrived back at the junction between her legs, Brooke was moaning loudly and pulling my hair. I planted a soft wet kiss against her clit, my tongue pressing against it. Brooke's thighs closed against my head, her soft flesh holding me in place. Her heat was radiating from her entire body with a negligible temperature difference between her snatch and legs. 

I snuck my right hand up under my chin. My forefinger pressed against her opening and spread the juices around gently. I licked down her labia and used my tongue to lap up the juices I had spread around. She tasted much like sweet cream gravy, and once I tasted it, I couldn't get enough. 

I removed my finger from her and slid my tongue across the opening. Slowly I thrust my tongue into her hole and wagged my tongue. Brooke's fingernails felt like they were digging holes into my scalp, and amazingly, it felt pretty good. "Fuck Shane. FUCKFUCKFUCK!"
