 At one time eighteen-year-old Danielle Lawrence had fairly limited experience sexually. She'd been intimate with only three boys, kids her own age who were as inexperienced as her. That time now seemed like ages ago. But in reality it'd been mere months earlier.

So much had changed since then.

One day she'd lied to her mother. She'd gotten detention for cutting class . . . to engage in one of those intimate encounters, a fact that would prove ironic. Being eighteen she didn't need a parent's signature on the detention slip so Danielle had told her mother that she was going to a friend's house after school. And she did. After detention she'd walked to Judy Grant's house. Only Judy had forgotten the plan and wasn't home. Her dad was though, and he invited her to hang out and wait for Judy to return. Fearing her mother would figure out the truth if she got home too early Danielle accepted his offer.

The older man had taken advantage of the situation to seduce his daughter's friend, fucking her on the living room couch. That was the beginning of their relationship and since then he had introduced Danielle to a world of sexual experiences.

And now he was about to introduce her to a whole new one.

While she'd knelt before him, using her mouth to pleasure him, he'd informed her that once she finished, his three friends would be sharing her.

The idea made her nerves ring with nervous excitement. She'd met the three men during previous nights at the Grant home. They were all good looking and kept in shape, so the notion of being with any one of them was not disagreeable. In fact, just that evening she'd come to the realization that had any of them been her friend's father she might well have still been seduced that fateful day. Especially if it'd been Mr. Kole, who was nearly as handsome as Mr. Grant.

Yet, she had never been with more than one partner at a time . . . or in a day . . . or even in the same week for that matter. Now she was going to be with three . . . after having already sucked off Mr. Grant. And it still wasn't clear if they intended to be with her all at once, or if it would be one after another.

As her mind contemplated this question, and the possibilities, she realized she was staring absently into the mirror, a brush frozen partway through her long, dark hair. In the mirror her eyes returned her gaze, their green pools sparkling with desire and surrounded by flesh that shined with the internal heat simmering through her.

Her simmering body was not just the result of the thoughts running through her mind . . . thoughts about Mr. Kole and the others . . . about the different things they might be doing with her . . . TO her very soon. Although those thoughts certainly were stoking the fires.

No, her fires had been well tended for most of the day.

She'd spent the school day thinking about coming to the Grant home and being with her lover, thoughts that had started her loins to smoldering. When she'd arrived Mr. Grant had her change into her too-small white uniform top that put her firm C-cup breasts on exhibit for his friends, a situation which she'd been surprised to discover stirred her smoldering embers. This in turn caused her nipples to harden and poke obviously against the top's cotton material, providing the men with an enhanced display. Then Mr. Grant had taken her into his home office where he'd further fanned her desire by kissing her passionately and toying with her breasts before having her suck his rigid cock. The blow-job alone would have gotten her fires burning. But with it as the latest link in the chain of events her fires were roaring within her loins.

Forcing her mind back on track she straightened her clothing, smoothing down her skirt and buttoning her top. Her nipples, now much harder and more swollen than earlier, were nearly poking through her top's strained cotton material. Seeing them she thought about how the men in the other room would soon be seeing them too . . . and how they'd be...

She finished brushing her hair then took some deep breaths to steel her nerves. Before exiting the bathroom she did the last thing Mr. Grant had told her to do as she'd left the office moments earlier.

He was waiting for her by the office door. Smiling broadly, his eyes consumed her; her petite frame dressed in the rumpled uniform with its white top, checkered skirt, frilly Barbie-socks, and black shoes. When she reached him he leaned down for a kiss, one hand cupping her hip. Raising up on her tiptoes she pressed her lips to his, then opened them to accept his tongue into her mouth.

"You are so beautiful," he whispered when they separated a moment later.

Blushing slightly she silently slipped her wadded panties into his free hand.

"Good girl," he didn't bother looking before simply slipping them into his pocket.

Taking her arm he led her to the living room. His friends were where she'd left them, sitting in the chairs across from the couch. When the pair entered the room all three stood up, their eyes zeroing in on her. Stopping a few feet from the coffee table's end Mr. Grant slid in behind her. His hands came up to rub gently at her arms, holding them against her sides.

This caused Danielle a mixture of emotions as the men openly devoured the image of her taxed blouse. Part of her wanted to cross her arms over her chest and hide herself. But another part of her was glad she couldn't.

So she stood there, frozen and vulnerable, the men's eyes crawling over her.

Suddenly she started to wonder again why this was happening? Why Mr. Grant was doing this? Why he wanted it? Why she wanted it? Why it was arousing her? Exciting her? Why were her fires raging so hotly as the three men devoured her with their eyes? Why did the anticipation of what they would soon be doing stoke those fires so? And should she actually be allowing this? If she did, what did it say about her? Was she THAT girl?

Then Mr. Grant's hands left her arms. Coming up from near her wrists they crept inward with a deliberate slowness. Their heat radiated through her blouse to her belly making her heart race. As they stole up and across the inner curves of her breasts their gentle weight against her mounds caused her breath to catch. Reaching the center of her blouse his fingers undid the top button . . . then the next . . . then the next. One by one he gradually unhooked one button after another. As he did the sides of her top fell away, revealing her breasts to the men standing just feet away. Her heart raced faster. Her breathing grew shallow. As he undid the last button his hands fell to her hips. She stood there on full display, her blouse now hanging completely open, allowing cool air to swirl over her flesh. Her breasts rose and fell with her breath. Her nipples stood out; hard, dark, and swollen.

"Oh my God," Mr. Stone moaned.

"Beautiful," Mr. Kole sighed in agreement.

"Yes," Mr. Craig concurred.

For a minute they all simply stood there; her on display, the men staring intently.

Then Mr. Grant's hands rose once more. Leaving her hips they traveled across her belly, his lightly dancing fingers making her abs quiver slightly. Rising higher they slipped under her breasts to cradle and cup the firm mounds, his palms hot against her flesh. His fingers pressed into her tits, squeezing and molding them.

Danielle inhaled sharply. Feeling her legs weaken she reached back to grab at his legs for support.

After a couple minutes his hands shifted up and around to cover the fronts of her tits. Her swollen nipples were flattened under his palms as he kneaded her pliant mounds.

Her fires raged higher, searing at her loins as she stood there being fondled for show. Her eyelids gently closed and her teeth nipped at her bottom lip in unison with the waves of passion rolling through her.

"My God, she is so beautiful," Mr. Kole sighed.

"Yes, she is," Mr. Stone agreed.

Mr. Grant continued to manipulate her breasts, his fingers squeezing, his palms hot against her flesh. He cupped and massaged them, loving them for long, long minutes. A few times his fingers found her swollen nipples and tweaked them.

Danielle's tits ached with the hunger of her now deeply entrenched desire. So she stood there, allowing it to happen, allowing him to molest her aching breasts while his friends watched. Her fires grew hotter and hotter and her legs grew weaker. Leaning back against Mr. Grant she rested her head on his chest, the position jutting her chest into his hands. Her heavy breaths panted past her dangling lower lip which quivered each time his fingers tensed just so.

After a few more minutes Mr. Grant shifted behind her so he could lean down.

"Lift your skirt, Sweetie" he whispered, his breath stirring in her hair.

She hesitated, not because she didn't understand. But because she did. She understood that if she lifted her skirt she would be revealing her most private part to the other men. Until then she had only allowed them to see her tits. Not too big of a deal actually. But to show them her sex was serious. That was really a point of no return.

"Lift your skirt, Sweetie," Mr. Grant repeated.

Hesitantly she brought her hands to the front of her skirt, her fingers slipping under the hem. She saw the men follow the movement, saw their eyes flare with animalistic hunger. Her head still rested against Mr. Grant's chest. She turned her face away so she wasn't looking at the men then she timidly lifted her skirt, raising it and exposing herself to them.

"God, she is so wet," Mr. Stone groaned.

"So damn beautiful," Mr. Kole sighed.

"Fuckin' gorgeous," Mr. Craig admired.

She knew what they meant. Perhaps it was even why she'd looked away as she'd revealed herself. The time her fires had been raging meant that she was extremely wet, her downy hairs surrounding her sex glistening with the dew of her juices. Her labia were flowering open, between them her bright pink slit gleamed wetly.

For several minutes she stood there, on display, leaning back against Mr. Grant in her frilly socks and black shoes. Her legs were parted slightly, her skirt held up, exposing herself. Her blouse hung open, her ripe breasts being fondled. Her face glowed with arousal, her eyelids heavy, her lower lip quivering.

"It's time, Sweetie," Mr. Grant eventually whispered, his hands sliding away from her breasts to hold her waist.

From under heavy lids she watched his friends step around the coffee table to stand towering before her. She watched three sets of hands reaching for her. Then six individual hands were on her. Each of her breasts were massaged differently; one being gently caressed, the other groped hungrily. There was a hand on one shoulder and another holding her arm, both offering support. Yet another hand was on her hip, its fingers reaching around to press into her asscheek.

But it was the sixth hand that made her hips jerk.

It caressed her inner thigh as it slid up between her legs. Then it cupped her sex-mound. One finger slithered and played in her slit's wetness while the heel bumped against her clit.

"Oh God," she whimpered, the multitude of sensations making her nerves scream. She released her skirt, her hands coming up to grab onto a couple of the men's shirts. "Oh God. Oh God."

She stood there, whimpering . . . being fondled and played with for long, glorious moments. At some point the hand on her hip slipped away, coming up to brush her hair back. Fingers caressed her cheek, traced her jawline. They cupped her chin, turned her face forward. Mr. Kole stood before her. He leaned in, pressed his lips to hers. When she felt his parting she opened her own, raising her tongue to meet his.

Mr. Grant stepped away from behind her, removing his support. But his friends supported her, their hands holding her up on her wobbly legs.

They supported her . . . fondled her.

Their hands roamed over her body; caressing . . . squeezing . . . manipulating. Her tits were loved . . . molded . . . grasped. The finger played in her slit . . . rubbed at her entrance . . . massaged its very edge.

Her kiss with Mr. Kole was broken. Her head was turned. While she next shared a deep kiss with Mr. Craig someone nuzzled her neck, kissing it. Then when she was kissing Mr. Stone, someone nibbled on her earlobe. She was turned again and again, sharing more passionate kisses with each of the men.

Danielle's fires raged. Electricity jolted along her nerves. The desire rolling through her filled every nook and cranny of her being. Her mind drifted into a fevered dreamland.

Then the kissing stopped.

So did the fondling.

The hands moved away from her sexual parts to find new holds and lift her up. The room kind of spun. She was laid back, her body coming to rest on something very hard and she realized she was laying on the coffee table. Her legs were manipulated, spread and bent, her feet propped against the table's edge. Hands caressed her thighs. From under heavy lids she saw Mr. Kole and Mr. Craig standing to either side, towering over her. Then her tits were once more being manipulated by two different men. Closing her eyes she sighed contently.

"Oh please," she mewed.

" 'Please' what?" Someone asked.

Danielle wasn't sure why she'd said it. Not consciously at least. But somewhere deep down in her subconscious she did. And the fact that one of them was responding stoked her fires.

"Please," she repeated meekly.

" 'Please' what?" They insisted.

Opening her eyes she saw Mr. Stone leering down at her from between her legs.

"Pl-Please tell me wh-what you're gonna do?" she whispered submissively.

The men's reactions were immediate.

Mr. Stone's eyes flared with infused lust. Both hands on her tits tensed, the fingers plying at the mounds hungrily.

"Oh fuck," Mr. Craig groaned.

"Sweetheart, we are gonna enjoy you," Mr. Stone told her. His fingers tickled her inner thigh's little hollow area by where they met her torso. "We are going to use you for our pleasure. We're gonna treat you like our little slut."

Staring up at him Danielle caught her lower lip. Her fingers gripped the edges of the table tightly. Hearing his words . . . hearing him tell her their intentions . . . sent waves of desire rushing through her and made her squirm a little. Her fires grew even higher . . . hotter . . . and her flesh shimmered with a light sheen of sweat.

"We are gonna fuck you," he continued. "We're gonna put our cocks into this sweet little pussy of yours and fuck you."

"Oh," she whimpered.

"That's what you want, isn't it? You want us to use you?"

Although his words were fanning Danielle's desires, the concerns she'd had earlier were also reasserting themselves, making her hesitant to answer. What did it mean if she did . . . THAT she did . . . want the men to do exactly what he was saying? What did it say about her that she wanted these three men to each push their hard cocks deep inside her pussy and use her for their pleasure? The idea that it meant she might in fact be THAT girl caused her some anxiety.

Yet, she could not deny her desire.

Closing her eyes she sighed heavily.

"Yes you do, you sweet thing," Mr. Kole leaned down to whisper in her ear. Continuing to mold and caress her tit with one hand he used the other to brush her hair out of the way so he could kiss her earlobe. His warm breath tickled the inside of her ear. His tongue traced the lobe's edge and he kissed it again. Moving up he kissed her cheek. Then he pressed his lips to hers.

With another passionate sigh she eagerly accepted his tongue into her mouth. One hand came up to cradle the back of his head, her fingers playing in his hair.

Cupping her other tit, Mr. Craig lowered his lips over the nipple to suckle at it, his tongue swirling over and around the swollen bud.

Danielle mewed. Arching her back off the table she offered her ripe mound to him. Her other hand raised up to cradle the back of his head.

Mr. Kole's hand shifted on the tit he was fondling. His fingers found her nipple and gave it a gentle tweak, sending powerful jolts of electricity shooting along her nerves. His hand shifted again, his palm covering the hard nipple as he once more molded her pliant mound.

As the two men continued manipulating her tits; one of them suckling on her nipple, the other kissing her passionately, Mr. Stone's breath caressed her crotch. His hands slid closer to her sex, his thumbs caressing the outer edges of her glossy slit.

Her mind screamed from the various sensations . . . and with anticipation.

Slipping between her pussy lips Mr. Stone's tongue started at the bottom and licked upward along her slit. It glided past her opening, teasing the edges ever so briefly. Reaching the top of her pussy it found her swollen clit poking out from under its hood and throbbing with her lust. His tongue barely touched the button as he gently licked it a couple times.

Danielle's mind and body screamed with the electricity lighting up her nerves. Her fires raged within her loins. Deep inside her an orgasm was awoke. Her body started to writhe, her flesh shimmering brighter with more beads of sweat. Her squirming body raised her back up, arching it to feed her tit to the mouth suckling on it. She smashed her lips against Mr. Kole's, her tongue dueling excitedly with his.

Mr. Stone's tongue slithered back down through her slit. Reaching the bottom it swiped upward again. This time when it reached her clit it licked at it slightly firmer.

Danielle moaned. Her orgasm was yanked forward and her body kind of jumped.

The tongue quickly slithered back down, licking its way past her opening and to the bottom of her slit once more before returning upward.

Mr. Kole broke their kiss. Pulling his lips from hers he lowered them over the hard nipple of the tit which he cradled. His tongue swiped at the bud several times.

"Oh God," she gasped.

Mr. Stone's tongue grew more and more animated as it licked her pussy. Up and down through her slit it slithered, lapping at her juices and pressing at her opening. One arm slipped around her leg, holding it while his fingers reached out and pulled back her clit's hood, exposing more of the aching bud to his tongues attentions which were gradually growing in force. His other hand remained cuffing the point where her leg and torso met, his palm hot on her flesh.

She lay there, being toyed with by the three men and reveling in their devotions. Their hands . . . their mouths on her different parts . . . the sensations drew her orgasm closer and closer to the ledge.

"Oh God. Oh God," she whimpered, the orgasm's impending force increasing.

Mr. Kole's free hand came up to caress her cheek. She rolled toward his fingers, pressing her face against them.

Mr. Craig's hand mauled at her tit, his fingers clutching and pressing while he continued to suck on her nipple.

"Oh please God. Yes please," she panted.

Once more Mr. Stone brought his tongue to her clit. He rapidly lapped at the throbbing button. His one hand slid inward so that his thumb could slip between her labia and into her slit. Playing in her juices it massaged the edges of her opening.

"Oh God. Oh please God."

His tongue lapped at her clit. His thumb massaged her edges, pressing gently and opening her to him. Just the tip of his thumb slipped inside, enough to caress the actual hole and massage the nerve-endings lining it.

Danielle's orgasm shot forward. It teetered upon the very edge of its release. It hung there precariously, awaiting that one last bit that would push it off the ledge. Send it careening through her. And she lay there with the three men loving her body anxiously awaiting that same . . . last . . . little . . . bit.

Mr. Kole's hunger was growing as well. The amplification of his attentions to her breast the only proof required. His suckling was more urgent. His tongue's licking of her nipple more insistent. His hand plied at her ripe mound more vigorously, his fingers clutching . . . pressing into her flesh needily.
