 When I was at college my younger sister grew through her teens, and those friends of hers I remembered from childhood as daft little girls turned into some attractive young women.

On my times back home between terms I'd find some hot young chick or other in my parents' kitchen keen to see their friend's brother again and shoot the breeze with an 'older man'.

Amongst, Amy - my sister's - gaggle of friends there had always been 'the twins'. Mainly Caroline, one of an 'identical' twosome. Her twin, Penny, was not close with Amy's group, running mostly with her own crowd. I think that's unusual for twins but even though they were supposed to be identical Penny was always considered the 'wild' one -- loving dressing to the nines and going out, while Caroline was quiet, more introverted and generally a bit of a wallflower, I gathered. 

Near the end of one summer, with my departure back to college imminent, I'd spent a Saturday night house-sitting and doing some DIY to score brownie points (and some extra cash for college) while my parents went to friends' for the weekend.

Amy and her pals had been in earlier but had headed for some big teen beach barbecue party, celebrating graduation and the twins 18th birthdays. 

Just after midnight there was a bit of commotion at the front door. Some lads were dropping off Amy and two other girls and doing their best to get inside with them. I chased them off, playing the college macho-boy and let the girls come in.

Well, Amy was barely capable of walking -- seemed my little sis had over-indulged the party punch and needed chaperoning home by Caroline and, to my surprise, her twin, Penny. Now I hadn't seen or paid attention to Penny in some years but that night I was happy to find a tall, toned sexy blonde hottie wearing just a little mini-skirt and strapless top, helping Caroline bundle my inebriated sister up to her room.

As they made their way up the stairs I managed to note that even Caroline had made some effort tonight -- a pair of hotpants and a flimsy blouse showed off a fuller figure than her twin but in all the nicest ways. Anyways, I had a good view of two strong sleek pairs of legs clambering up, with the tease of Penny's skirt flashing little white panties at me as well.

I went into the kitchen, made some drinks up for them as thanks for helping Amy. I took my time to whip up a nice couple of 'Velvet Sledgehammer' cocktails -- I knew the chicks at college dug them (FYI -- one shot Cointreau, one shot Tia Maria, one shot cream, shake well).

I heard them coming back down -- plenty of giggling flagging their own not-too-sober states. I grabbed a beer and went into our lounge where the twins had planked themselves down on the big leather three-seater couch.

They took their cocktails gratefully and I pulled up a low leather stool (or 'pouf') right in font of them -- figured I'd enjoy a bit of banter with two drunken cheeky teens to cap my night off.

Not that Caroline was in any way cheeky - usually very polite and reserved, but that night there was definitely a glint in her big blue eyes; perhaps her sprucing-up for the party had instilled some new-found confidence. Nevertheless, I enjoyed the sparkle in her gaze. She had also done something with her normally tied-back-for-convenience hair -- been to the hairdressers and had her strawberry-blonde locks tweaked and twirled to produce a cute shoulder-length mop of ringleted curls. Looked great on her with those eyes and full lips shining with gloss. I realised then that this was a hidden jewel.

Her twin, Penny, certainly noticed my appreciative glances between chatter. Eventually she made a ballsy remark about me 'checking out her sister'. Caroline blushed, looked mortified. Penny seemed to revel in the discomfort she caused -- probably because she was the one used to getting the male attention between the two. Her natural good looks matched her sister, that was for sure, but her hair was a few shades blonder with peroxide and her mouth 'dirtier' -- the pout was purely sexual and her eyes full of devilment.; a classic good-time party chick she was turning out to be by the look of it.

She sat in no ladylike pose anyway -- sliding those long taut thighs over each other and frequently apart, giving me a clear snapshot of her tightly-clad white crotch. I also had a fine view of her cleavage -- a deep hollow disappearing into her straining low top.

I couldn't help but compare their figures as they sat only a foot or so apart on the couch. Penny was well aware of my observations but Caroline, after her blushing session, kept gazing away at the TV behind me which was still on some music channel with the sound low.

I was sharing a joke with Penny about her actually not being in a bar or club late on a Saturday night and how that might increase her grades, when Caroline asked in a mumble if they should get a taxi soon.

Penny said no way was she waiting around for ages then paying some extortionate price to get home; they'd sleep in my sister's room. Of course, she added with a bright white beaming smile, that was if the incumbent master of the house didn't mind.

I shrugged; it was perfectly cool by me. I offered them t-shirts to wear as nightdresses. Penny laughed and said she preferred to sleep 'au naturel', which had Caroline choking at her twin's gall. Penny pressed the point, said she hoped I didn't mind catching them prancing about 'nuddie' if they had to go to the bathroom.

My grin said it all. Caroline was mortified, claimed in an indignant voice she never slept naked, with a ubiquitous blush I might add.

Penny teased, tickled her. Caroline squirmed and gave me an enticing sight of those full breasts of hers bouncing under her thin blouse -- I'd never really gotten any sense of their true magnificence under her usual dowdy clothes but the shift of those orbs beneath the material stirred my loins.

Ever male-vigilant, Penny noticed my stare and quipped, "Hey, Andy's got a thing for your titties, sis. . ."

Caroline looked flushed and scarlet -- even more attractive. In the mini-struggle with her twin, her hair had flickered across her face; very sexy.

Penny kicked off her shoes and placed a bare foot on my right thigh. "Hey, Andy, don't you think Caroline's got a great bod?"

I felt her toes wiggle against my leg, the little minx. "I think you are both blessed, Penny," I said, attempting to play it cool, while my hormones fired lewd thoughts ten to the dozen. 

"Yeah, but don't you think Caroline needs to lighten up some? You know -- get some guys interested, have some fun; never mind the hard work. She needs to let go a bit. . ."

Caroline was shooting daggers. Penny was beaming at her; both drunk and getting competitive. I stoked the flames: "So how do you recommend 'letting go', Penny?"

Penny stared her twin right in the eye. "Well, not being chickenshit when it comes to guys, for a start." 

"What? I should be a slut like some?" Caroline shot back. 

Feisty! I was getting into this. "A slut? Never heard that about you, Penny?" I said with raised eyebrows.

She was too cool for school this one, however. "I hardly think being a girl aware of her own sexuality qualifies me as some kind of tramp, Andy," she answered with a smooth grin. "Better self-knowledge than closet dyke. . ." she smirked back at Caroline who glared, incensed, and swore at her.

Penny retorted with another call of 'Chickenshit'.

Caroline took umbrage, denied it. 

Penny demanded, "Prove it. You always had a fancy for Andy. Here's your chance."

Caroline actually giggled drunkenly with shock at that, then put her hand over her mouth, looking so sexy as she fixed me with those smoking eyes. "Oh she's a liar, Andy. . .Bitch!" she spat at her sister.

Penny's foot was still on my thigh. I felt it slide up a bit and saw her slide down a fraction in the couch, contemplating her fuming sister with a wry look of devilment. Flicking her tongue between her pearly white teeth as if in internal debate, Penny smiled and hooked a thumb into her low top over each swell of tan breast.

Caroline turned white. "What are you doing?"

Penny never took her eyes from her twin. "Well, getting ready for bed, sister," she said in a low husky voice, designed to arouse me and tease Caroline some more.

Then she looked back at me and slowly took the top down, pausing right atop her nipples; no bra, just divine mounds of smooth flesh and two puckered bumps straining to be free.

And free them, I willed her to. Caroline could scarcely believe it. She was speechless. 

And so was I when Penny gave a wicked little laugh and took her elasticated top right down to her waist. Her tits sprung out, firm B-cups, with dollar-sized aureole and tight hard nipples.

"Ooh, that feels a lot better. . .You should try it sis," Penny smiled.

Caroline looked from her twin to me and back again, mouth agape, then at Penny's superb handfuls of tit-flesh. "I. . .I can't believe you. . ."

"Aw, where's the harm?" Penny laughed. "Andy will have seen more on the beach. Anyway, why should tonight not have some fun to remember it by. Why should it finish with Amy throwing up? Tell me -- are you planning to sleep in your party clothes?"

Caroline stammered, "No. Well, if I have to. . ." She looked at me.

Penny laughed. Those fine titties shivered. "Don't be silly. Why not let Andy get a thrill for being so nice and not reporting us to Mum and Dad, or even the cops? Think about what that would do to your grades. . ."

That struck a nerve. Caroline's colour dropped from her face completely. But she was breathing quite heavy, I noticed and that chest was rising and falling like a fishing fleet in a hurricane.

"Anyway," Penny continued, well into her devilment mode, "Why don't we see how much Andy is interested?"

With that she slid her foot higher, touching my crotch. Obviously I had a 'ligament problem' there and she squealed with delight when her toes confirmed my arousal. I shifted away slightly with a grimace; perhaps I was reddening a bit; I tried to keep cool.

Penny winked at me, asked, "Hey Andy, who do you think has the nicest breasts?"

I looked between them -- at those bare beauties of penny's and Caroline's own gems, moulded enticingly by the light thin material of her blouse. 

"Caroline's been daring tonight," said Penny. "No bra. Right sis? Feeling hot?" She laughed and pointed at Caroline's straining chest -- her nipples, of some considerable size by the look of it, were poking against the blouse. Quickly Caroline folded her arms over, mortified.

"Oh, be cool. Andy's got erection problems, too," Penny laughed.

I certainly did, then. No denying the beast. It was uncomfortable in my jeans alright.

Penny took a big gulp, finishing her cocktail. She shivered, not with chill, I noted; the sledgehammer was working nicely, and her buzz was on.

She stood up, allowing me to see those beautiful firm tits settle in their natural pose, perfectly sloped towards those two firm tips. Penny grinned at the attention, shot he twin a sly glance then hooked her thumbs up under her short skirt and drew her small white panties down her legs.

Caroline gasped as she stepped out and kicked them at me. I just missed catching them.

"Hey, just getting ready for bed as modestly as possible, sis," Penny quipped.

She sat back down with a lovely sexy smile, tossing her blonde locks. I realised she'd be facing me, no panties on. She kept her legs closed, though and smoothed her mini over her thighs. The damn tease. But the sparkle in her eye promised more fun to come.

"See, Andy," Penny" said, "Caroline's chickenshit around guys. . ."

Caroline denied it, looked mad. Penny teased her mercilessly about her lack of experience. And finally added her 'chickenshit' insult again.

That was the last straw. Caroline stood with a challenging glare fixed on her twin and swiftly unbuttoned and dropped her hotpants. The shiny material hit the floor. So did my jaw. What a fine pair of legs, so smooth and shapely. And an unfettered glimpse right up her long flanks to a perfectly-moulded butt, tight cheeks split by a thong string. Only Caroline's blouse hem concealed a clear view of her glorious hips and flat belly.

She was still mad at Penny and offered me a little twirl just to show her sister she wasn't the prude she had her perceived as. When she spun round face-on to me the front of her blouse lifted slightly to reveal her crotch -- a tiny white 'v' of her high-cut thong. She had white bits -- a wider bikini-white mark than the narrowness of the thong .

Only served to make her revelation more thrilling. She was in unchartered exhibitionist territory here, and judging by the flustered look of . . .arousal? I hoped so; judging by that, she was finding a modicum of excitement about the whole scenario.

Penny laughed, gave a small clap. Then dared Caroline to sit on my lap like that before she sat back on the couch.

Adrenalin shot through me. Caroline hesitated. I smiled, shrugged, offered, "Well, call out your sister then. . ."

Then she took the two strides over to me and I felt the glorious soft warmth of her unclad legs and ass through my jeans. I'm sure she felt the glorious clad heat of my hardon as well; she wiggled a bit, not entirely uncomfortably. . .

"Woo-hoo!" yelped Penny. "Now a kiss!" 

Caroline choked. I felt those hot hard nipples -- big they were -- press against me as her breathing got heavy. She shuddered. I slipped a hand onto her thigh; felt awesome. I used my other hand to chance it -- touched her face so that she looked right into my eyes. Then she melted into a kiss. Those luscious lips of hers tasted great, her technique extremely sensual. 

I slid my hand up and down her thigh, felt her squirm against my dick.

Penny laughed. I opened one eye, looked at her. And all but ruined the kiss by choking with surprise.

Penny was staring right at me, smiling wide. And the smile wasn't the only wide thing about her: she'd opened her lovely tan thighs and her mini skirt had made its natural surrender. I was staring at an uncovered clean shaven pussy. Two full outer labia deliciously bald with a crinkle of inner lip splicing the centre. A thicker nub of flesh at the top of her crack signified a prominent clit, puckered out just below her smooth mound. 

Seemed no way this party girl was going to let her wallflower twin outdo her.

"Oh my God," Caroline hissed, catching sight. Then by way of comment added, "Oh, you shave it all off. . ."

Penny grinned a wider white pearly smile and touched her loose lips with probing fingers. There was a gleam of moisture down the centre of her crack. She lifted her skirt up to her waist, totally baring her abdomen. Beautiful, tanned. No white bits on that twin. "Makes it feel. . .lovely. . ." Penny said, gently massaging her fleshy clit hood between thumb and forefinger, hooding her eyes.

"Oh, you're shocking," Caroline half-giggled.

"Oh, yeah? Like you don't have your own fun, sis," Penny retorted. "I bet you're wet right now, sitting there on Andy's hard dick."

Caroline shifted in response to that, realising she was actually grinding on my cock. She stiffened -- much like myself, ha-ha -- and her breathing sounded tremulous.

She stood up, attempting to regain composure. Her blouse was rucked up at the front. Those big tits and hard nipples pushed for freedom; her belly and groin were bare to my sight, only that thong hiding the real jewel. And was there a darker damp bit at the very nadir between her strong thighs? 

Penny made to prove so. She lunged at Caroline, who squealed, caught totally off-guard. 

Penny got a good grip on the front of her thong with one hand, tore it away -- literally- from her body. Both fell back onto the couch, Penny's legs splayed offering me a great view of her moist pussy, firm butt and puckered asshole as she almost rolled right over. But with a yell of victory - in her hand, Caroline's thong, ripped-off.

Caroline was more angry than abashed right then. She wrestled with Penny. Her blouse flapped up around her waist. I caught fleeting glimpses of pussy -- definitely hair there, amongst the wonderful acres of bare ass and leg.

Then she was resigned and aware of her predicament, slumped down, hiking her legs up and pulling her blouse down to cover her modesty. 

Didn't work -- her twin took the chance to pull at her blouse, popping open the front and those amazing tits fell into my view; big full and firm and her nipples like coat pegs -- thick and pink and rubbery.

I mouthed a quiet, "Jesus."

Caroline didn't know what to do, what to cover. She blushed beautifully and her mussed ringlets fell about her big blue eyes and my dick throbbed some more.

Penny claimed, "Now we're even sis. Well, Andy, who's got the best tits now?"

She sat up, sticking her chest right out at me. 

I wore a big shit-eating grin; well, wouldn't you?

"Come on, Caroline, let him see. . ."

Caroline was still at war with her twin so she fixed me with a look of sheer determination and let her blouse finally fall right open so I could see her glorious orbs in their full glory. And that's what they were -- planetoids orbiting a heavenly body. Fuller than her twin's -- those oversize, obscenely sexual nipples -- but just as firm and tempting.

I felt drunk on lust as well as beer. I mumbled, "Well, you're both great. . .But, um. . ."

"Oh shutup," Penny grinned. "I know she's got killer tits. Mine are nice, but Caroline's -- well, I know what guys dig. . ."

Caroline looked quite surprised and certainly impressed by her sister's comments. She made no attempt to cover up anyway, I was glad to see. Instead it felt like she had new-found pride in those tits and welcomed my admiring gaze.

Then Penny raised the stakes considerably. "And I know for sure guys dig a well-kept pussy for some fun. . ." And with that she resumed her laid-back spreadeagle position, presenting a pussy that was now a fully-flushed cunt, visibly reddened at its centre, gleaming juices around engorged lips. Penny allowed a hand to slip back down and tease her clit. "And I sure dig the effect it has. . ."

Caroline was in shock. Me too. But not my dick; it strained for a closer inspection.

"Come on. Do you want Andy to show us his cock, sis?" Penny asked.

The use of the word 'cock' seemed to both stir and buzz Caroline. Those innocent eyes I was so used to took on a definite sheen of lust. It sparked me -- I undid a few buttons of my jeans, not sure where to look -- Caroline's spectacular tits, gorgeous face, or the equally appealing sight of her twin's bare body and juicy pussy.

Caroline kind of shrugged and nodded at the same time; clearly a positive answer though.

"Well," said Penny, massaging her tits with her free hand, "Then I think you should let him see what you have between your legs as well. . ."

A crowd-stopper that was. Not what Caroline expected; delightful to me. Now her bluff had been totally called, Caroline looked frozen in time, wide eyed and trembling.

Penny sat up, gently pushed her twin back onto the couch. Caroline offered no resistance, just stared at me then trailed her eyes to my crotch. I obliged by fiddling away the last troublesome buttons of my jeans, slipping my hand into my shorts and preparing to take my dick out. 

Penny obliged with a wicked grin by moving Caroline's hands out the way, peeling that flimsy blouse open then, ultimately, coaxing her stunned twin into gently opening her amazing long shapely legs. 

Those light-brown thighs parted and exposed to my gaze the white tender flesh of Caroline's most intimate area. Her pussy, like those hyper-sexualised nipples was a man's dream. She kept a tight dark-brown triangle of curls atop a prominent mound, and her engorged cunt was meaty, a swollen silk purse, with full pouting outer and inner labia that hid her clit. A deep pink gorge shining with juices had me jerking steadily as I tugged my jeans and shorts down about my thighs, standing to do so, letting my balls hang free. 
