 Day 1 Saturday

"Oh my...God...Sis, is this really happening?" I gasped as the ship slowly chugged out of Southampton harbour on its way to the Mediterranean.

"I know what you mean," My younger sister Sam grinned as I hugged me; "this is going to be the best holiday of our lives!"

Sam had won an 'All-inclusive Cruise for two' plus £500 spending money, in a magazine competition. At 38 my sister was still unmarried but was the only person in our family that this didn't seem to bother. Her comfortable job as a librarian and a host of hobbies kept her busy and mentally fulfilled most of the time.

Me on the other hand; I'm a divorcee who had finally left my drunken husband 18 months earlier and my job in tele-sales just about managed to clothe and feed my 15 year old daughter.

Without giving it a second thought Samantha had decided that this would be my 40th birthday gift.

As the trip got nearer my friends at work had all joked that this would my opportunity to catch a 'sugar-daddy' and live the rest of my life in the lap of luxury.

When the English coast eventually trailed off into the distance we eventually made our way to our cabin to begin getting dressed for dinner in the Ballroom.

At the entrance to the Ballroom we were introduced the Captain then shown to our table which we would share with 10 others; by a handsome young waiter. The rest of the diners were all married couples apart from two Newcastle businessmen called Bob and Terry. It was a fun evening with plenty of wine and a beautiful meal. The men were good company; keeping the table entranced until we finally retired, alone, to our cabin at 10.30. 

Day 2 Sunday. 

The following morning I awoke to find my cabin flooded with bright sunshine as the ship sailed down the coast of France.

As usual Samantha was already up and about so after a shower and a slow breakfast I decided to sunbathe alone on the top deck while my younger sister explored the other decks. 

Quickly realising that I was the youngest woman on the sun deck I sauntered casually along the side of the pool like a glamorous film-star as the older guests stared at me in my sarong and bikini top. Within seconds of selecting an empty sun-lounger in the corner a waiter in a starched white polo shirt and navy blue shorts asked if I would like a cool drink.

Without hesitating I ordered a long Vodka and tonic with lots of ice and made myself comfortable.

When the waiter arrived with my drink I was liberally smearing my skin with sunscreen. As the young man placed the tray on the side table I secretly wished that I had the courage to ask him to rub some into my back; but I hadn't. I eventually settled down to read my book and occasionally sipped the vodka and tonic while sporadically glancing through my large dark sun-glasses to see if anyone under 60 had materialised...we didn't.

As I scanned the deck a little Devil took over as I rubbed sunscreen into my stomach and chest. Acting on impulse I decided to take my bikini top off and bathe topless for the first time in my life.

As casually as my trembling fingers would allow I nonchalantly dropped my bra onto the wooden flooring and massaged a handful of cream into my aching breasts making me bite my bottom lip when my fingers brushed against the solid pink nipples.

When I was sure that the cream was absorbed I sat back on the lounger and began reading my magazine; but I couldn't concentrate as a dozen pairs of very old male eyes stared at my naked 34b breasts.

When Samantha joined me at 3.30, she was shocked to see her elder sister lying on a sun-lounger exposing her naked breasts to anyone who cared to look. We had a drink together as Sam excitedly told me about all of the things that were available on board including table-tennis, quoits, shuffleboard, bridge and a host of other activities that left me bored witless.

As Sam twittered on I sank the last of my drink and suddenly realised that this was going to be a very long voyage.

After an hour's nap we dressed and went for dinner. This time we shared a table with 5 couples from Scotland and hardly understood a word that anyone said. Yet again we returned to our cabin at 10.30.

I couldn't sleep for tossing and turning with sexual frustration. My fingers kept wandering between my legs and tickled my tingling pussy; but I was afraid that any noises I made would wake Sam in the bed only 4 feet away. While not regretting coming on holiday with my sister I couldn't help thinking that it might just turn out to be a bit of a nightmare.

There were only two years difference in age between us but we had always been like chalk and cheese; Sam being the studious one who had gone to University and me the party-girl who had fallen in love with a series of 'bad boys' until I finally met my match with Jeff who got me pregnant within six weeks of meeting and then making my life Hell for the next 13 years until he eventually hit me too hard one drunken night and I left him with our daughter in one hand and only a bag of clean underwear in the other.

Day 3 

When the ship docked on the Monday, Samantha and I made our way into Lisbon to sight-see. After an hour or so of looking at local artefacts I feigned a headache and hid in the shade of a street café to watch the world go by as Sam wandered off with a guide book in her hand.

"Hello," a familiar Geordie voice greeted me just as the waiter began to make my feel that I was outstaying my welcome; "it is Sue; isn't it?" The tubby man in an immaculate white shirt smiled as he waited for me to recognise him.

"Oh! Yes...from Saturday night," I stuttered, "Terry?"

"That's Terry over there," he laughed as he pointed towards his travelling companion who was bartering with a market trader, "I'm Bob. Do you mind if we join you?"

"No," I smiled; grateful for the company, "not at all."

As we made small talk over a glass of beer, Bob was the more outgoing of the two and made the introductions; eventually explaining that he was 67 and had retired 10 years previously when his wife had died. He'd sold a building business and after sharing the proceeds with his son and daughter, had decided to 'live life to the full'. This usually meant having 3 or 4 golfing holidays a year plus a couple of weeks somewhere hot and exotic. His pal Terry was a three time divorcee and had suggested a nice leisurely cruise as a change this year.

I decided against lying about my humble background and told them a brief synopsis of my life ending with it being my 40th birthday the week before.

Bob immediately insisted on buying me and Samantha dinner that night as a birthday treat. The three of us sat outside the Café chatting like long lost friends drinking beer and eating snacks. When Samantha finally joined us we were already a little bit drunk. Terry demanded that Samantha also had a drink with us; but she made him pout like a naughty schoolboy when my sister told him that another drink would make us late getting back to the ship.

As we got dressed for dinner I told Samantha about my afternoon with the men and what we'd talked about; giggling like schoolgirls as we playfully argued about 'which one fancied me the most!' 

The men were already waiting at the Restaurant bar with a bottle of chilled champagne, when we arrived fashionably late.

"Happy Birthday," Terry laughed as he handed us a glass each and bent forward to kiss me on the cheek.

At the end of the meal Samantha thanked the men for their hospitality but said that she would have to leave us as she was very tired. I kissed my sister goodnight and promised that I wouldn't be too late; but I wanted to carry on the party especially now that the strains of a dance band were filtering in from the Ballroom.

I had a great time dancing with Terry and Bob; who was soon ordering cocktails by colour rather than by name; which we all guzzled with gusto.

As the night wore on I had to visit the bathroom to pee. When I rejoined the guys Bob spotted a mark on my leg.

"You've clicked your tights" he told me.

"Shit!" I grumbled as I surveyed the two inch ladder at my ankle, "and they're not tights...they're stockings," I drunkenly grinned.

"Aha! Stockings... and suspenders?" Bob quickly asked.

"Hold-ups actually," I smiled knowing the effect that stockings had on men.

"Fantastic," Terry whispered, "I didn't think young women wore nylons anymore."

"I like them," I chuckled flattered to be referred to as 'young', "they make me feel special...and...sexy... when I wear them."

Terry and Bob both leant forward conspiratorially as they reminisced about their youth when all women and girls wore stockings and suspenders and how sexy they were then and even more so now that it was such a rare occurrence when either of them ever saw a 'real woman' wearing sexy stockings.

I queried what they meant by 'real women'. Because the powerful cocktails were now taking effect Bob openly admitted to surfing the internet for porn and regularly logged onto stocking fetishist sites just to see pictures of women (old and young) wearing nylons.

Without knowing it I soon became aroused and squirmed in my seat as the men went on to describe, in some detail, the 100's of different sex sites that catered for all kinds of fetishes and kinks.

Under the influence of yet another 'Purple Passion' cocktail, I eventually confessed to having enjoyed reading naughty magazines with my husband when I had first been married but wouldn't have the nerve to buy one now and had never ever looked at porn on the internet.

"I wish I'd kept some," I laughed as I slurped the bright purple concoction with half a rainforest sticking out of it, "I have to rely on my memory these days!"

"So how often do you play with yourself?" Terry whispered as he edged closer.

I slowly shook my head and smiled when I realised what I had said.

"Thank you...but...I'm drunk and need to..." I hiccupped and winked, "go to bed...alone!"

Disappointed but still chivalrous Bob offered to walk me to my cabin as Terry settled the bill. Once outside the door, he stroked my hand and asked for a birthday kiss.

I looked into his dark brooding eyes and nodded.

The old man brushed my blonde hair from my face and gently touched my soft lips with his. Unable to resist I let him kiss me more forcefully, pressing his body and stiffening cock against my soft body.

I responded by forcing his rough lips apart with my tongue and probed his mouth like a snake searching for prey. We were soon, both shaking with excitement as we kissed as passionately as two teenage lovers. Unable to control him-self, Bob's hand slowly caressed my hip and arse through my thin dress as I ground my crotch against his stiffness. While our tongues twisted and twirled Bob gradually lifted the hem of my dress, until his large calloused hand touched my nylon covered thigh and worked its way in-between our bodies until he was touching my soft silk panties.

"No, no, no!" I gasped as I suddenly broke off our kiss and pulled his hand away, "no Bob...not here...not now...Jesus...I'm drunk...wow." 

"I'm sorry," he apologised, "I thought...I'm sorry...I didn't mean to...I'm sorry."

When I regained my composure I saw the fear on his face and smiled while I stroked his whiskered chin.

"No...that was great, really great just..." I furtively looked around the vacant corridor, "I'm too old for...you know...in public?"

Bob wasn't sure what I meant but agreed anyway.

With little tug of his chin I kissed him gently on the lips and disappeared alone into the cabin that I shared with my sister; leaving Bob to walk dejectedly back to his own luxury cabin. 

After undressing I lay naked and trembling in my bed; still unable to satisfy the sexual tension that was building up in my body just as I had in my teenage years as my sister lay only feet away from me.

Day 4

I t was nearly lunchtime when I finally staggered out of bed with a horrendous hangover. Two paracetamol, a slice of toast and a jug of coffee later I made my way up to the top deck.

Yet again it was only populated with old couples so I found a quiet corner; discretely took my bikini top off and made myself comfortable. This time when the waiter took my order it was for freshly squeezed orange juice – lots of it.

As the afternoon wore on and my headache wore off I fidgeted and wriggled in the sunshine as the memories of Bob's kiss filtered back into my memory banks making me feel very naughty in deed. 

At about 3.30 the hot sun and the thought of 9 old men furtively peaking at my naked tits I couldn't put it off any longer and swiftly packed my bag, threw my bikini top on and hurried back to my cabin before my sister returned from a shuffleboard competition.

Once inside I immediately whipped my clothes off and lay bare on my bunk with a plastic shampoo bottle in my right hand and my legs spread wide apart.

I knew that I would have to be quick but that just added to the anticipation as I fumbled with the bottle at the entrance to my hairy, sweaty quim. I was soon panting for air as the bottle edged inside my love tunnel with very little resistance. 

"Ooh...God!" I gasped as 3 then 4 inches of cool plastic satisfied my repressed sexual urges. "Ugh...ugh...ugh" I grunted as the large shampoo bottle completely disappeared inside my body. This wasn't, by far, the first time that I had used something like this but lying on a bed knowing my sister or one of the ships' cleaners could walk through the door at any moment made my giddy with excitement. 

I was so wet it only took two fingers to make the makeshift dildo glide in and out like a piston as I fondled and squeezed my aching tits re-living my kiss with Bob the previous night. 

"Oh my...ugh...ooh...ugh!" I gasped when my fingers brushed against my clitoris which was sticking out like a hard pebble. My hand was a blur as I rammed the plastic bottle as deep and as hard into my cunt as possible until with a loud squeal I came with such force my fanny began to spasm and the bottle shot out like a rocket!

As I lay sweating I couldn't resist a second play with my clit and furiously rubbed it until I trembled with my second satisfying sweaty orgasm.

The next I knew was when Samantha noisily entered the cabin. 

"Mmmm...what have you been up to?" My younger sister giggled when she saw me lying naked and clammy on the bed with a shiny shampoo bottle between my legs.

"Oh!" I stammered and blushed, "I was...just...oh shit!"

"I'm not sure I want to know the details." Samantha cut me off mid-sentence and laughed as I picked up the shampoo bottle and ran naked into the bathroom to shower before dinner.

At dinner Bob and Terry were on a separate table but joined us just as Samantha was about to return to our room for another early night as the ship was docking in Barcelona the next day and wanted to cram as much into her day as possible.

"You've saved my life." I smiled as the men sat down, "I thought that I was going to have to sit on my own or have to go back too."

"Oh we couldn't let a gorgeous young woman like you sit alone," Terry smiled as Bob ordered three large pink cocktails.

Samantha looked back over her shoulder; smiled and shook her head as my eyes lit up with delight when the drinks arrived.

We drank cocktails and chatted and flirted for an hour or so until Terry suggested going to the Casino. 

As he settled the bill Bob stroked my knee and whispered in his soft Geordie accent, "Stockings again?"

My stomach fluttered as I replied, "Yes...my last pair."

"Oh really," he said as he raised his eyebrows, "you'll have to let me do something about that tomorrow."

"I'm sorry?" I replied quizzically. 

"In Barcelona... tomorrow", he beamed "if you'll let me I'd really like to buy you some new ones as a belated birthday present." 

I looked stunned and said, "We'll see...I'm not promising anything."

"What's happening?" Terry asked when he joined us in the corridor.

"I've just agreed to buy the delectable Susan some new stockings tomorrow to replace her damaged ones." Bob told his friend.

"Excellent!" Terry smiled and patted me on the behind.

"I haven't agreed to anything of the sort!" I chided them with a huge grin on my face.

"It's settled then," Bob announced, "A shopping expedition for some sexy lingerie!"

I playfully punched him in the arm as we went into the Casino.

After an hour of playing roulette and cards I finally lost the last of the £50 that the guys had given me. 

Terry suggested taking our drinks onto the Top Deck and taking the night air as Bob was settled into a heavy game of Poker.

Arm in arm we slowly made our way upstairs like a couple of star crossed lovers. Once on the Top Deck we sat on a secluded padded seat to watch the moon and stars, chatting about my life and hopes for the future. I was in my element having someone to listen to me; for a change.

As we finished our drinks Terry looked into my sparkling eyes and gently kissed me on the lips just as his friend had done the previous night. Without a second thought I responded and threw my arms around his neck pulling him towards me.

I hadn't been with another man since leaving my husband. Of course I had male friends – some at work and some in the pub that I occasionally drank in; but none that I felt that I wanted to 'go any further with'. Somehow; being on a Cruise Ship made my feel like a completely different person to the dowdy single parent that most people knew from home. Maybe I was different...the carefree person, again, that I'd been before I got pregnant.

As our tongues intertwined Terry's hand immediately went to my knee and slowly and deliberately slid up my nylon covered leg to the 3 inch lace top, as I ran my fingers through his dark tousled hair.

Realising that I wasn't stopping him he lovingly caressed the lace stocking top and my fleshy thigh until I deviously moved my leg allowing him access to my inner sanctum.

My tongue was nearly disappearing down Terry's throat as his fingers flicked across my panty covered pussy.

When Terry's fingers eased my silk panties to one side and began tugging at my hairy pubes I suddenly grabbed at his crotch making him break off our kiss. 

For a split second the Earth stood still as we stared into each others glazed eyes. My scarlet lips slowly broke into a huge grin as my fingers deftly unbuttoned and unzipped Terry's trousers and released the first cock I'd seen for nearly two years. 

I was captivated at the sight and size of Terry's stiff 68 year old cock as it twitched in my hand.

"Ohhhhh... dear God!" I suddenly gasped and bit my lip as Terry slid his middle finger into my soppy snatch, taking my by surprise, twisting and curling his long digit deep inside my body as our lips locked for a second time.

Wanton with desire I began stroking and rubbing the old man's hardening cock as he jabbed and twirled his finger in my wet pussy.

Now past caring I even lifted my foot onto the seat so his finger went even deeper into my snatch until it nearly touched my ovaries as my hand wanked his cock like greased lightening.

Breaking our passionate kiss, Terry panted, "Suck me off." As a second finger joined the middle one in my soaking cunt 

I desperately wanted to say no. As a young woman I had loved sucking dicks but had stopped getting any pleasure from giving head because my ex-husband's dick always stunk of stale sweat and, just like his 'love making', had always been too rough and over too quick.

When Terry gently guided my head down towards his crotch it seemed like the most natural thing in the world as I twisted my body until I was comfortable and eye level with his purple knob. 

"Good girl." He panted breathlessly, as I poked my tongue out and tentatively licked the velvet tip.
