 San Diego Bay was calm the day the 'Sea's Candy' was drawn out of the blue Pacific of Chula Vista Marina. The vessel's dry journey would be a long one traveling over land from one coast to a the other while Jasmine and Tami anxiously awaited its safe arrival in Fort Lauderdale.

Failed marriages are emotionally draining but even more so when children are involved becoming the innocent pawns in the psychological tug of war between heartbroken parents.

Jasmine just wanted to put as much distance as possible between her and her soon-to-be ex-husband and getting a fresh start in Florida with her three beautiful daughters she thought was going to be the answer. Tami, her fifteen year old flew down to Florida with her but her two younger daughters were left behind in California with their father and they were missed dearly by both mother and sister. 

The custody battle had begun and the stress of it was felt by everyone.

It didn't take Jasmine and Tami long to get settled into their new home on Fort Lauderdale's beautiful waterfront, but Jasmine had a lot to learn about the area.

Tami was in school and Jasmine felt she deserved a break so she decided to cruise the watery neighborhood in her thirty eight foot yacht the "Sea's Candy". The surrounding homes and vessels were absolutely breathtaking and their owners were just as cordial. 

On a dock, just up ahead, a dark skinned, half-clad male was waving wildly as Jasmine slowly neared. With a curious smile she guided her vessel into his open slip.

"Hey, welcome to the neighborhood," He called out throwing her a bow line.

Jasmine's nipples shot out like readied torpedoes as her shaded hazel eyes raped his gorgeous young flesh. 

His well-toned muscles were flexing as he secured the rope around the weathered piling.

"Thanks." Jasmine called out as she shut down the Sea's Candy before back-stepping down the upper deck's ladder to join him.

Her knees were curiously trembling as she slowly lowered herself.

"Uhhhh," She screamed out, falling backwards as her foot slipped off the wet step.

Her arms and legs were flailing as her sundress rose up her parting thighs.

"Gotcha!" A deep voice rang out as strong rescuing arms caught her, breaking the fall.

"Well now, you certainly give new meaning to 'dropping in'." He added with a chuckle while gently lowering her to the deck.

"Thank you Sweetie." Jasmine stuttered with embarrassment while smoothing her dress down over her silky thighs.

"Hey, I'm Brandon. What's your name Hun?" He asked stepping back surveying her shapely legs.

"I'm Jasmine, nice to meet you Brandon." 

"Come on up to the house. Have a drink and meet my room mates." He suggested pointing towards the big two-story dwelling.

Jasmine could hear laughter coming from the screen enclosed swimming pool.

"Those your friends?" She asked hesitantly looking down to her wrist watch. 

It was already past one. Her daughter wouldn't be getting out of school for another hour and a half but she needed to be picked-up no later than three. It was too early to start drinking and Jasmine never powered her boat after indulging in alcohol. How would she get it back home? Her thoughts were racing!

"Yeah, Nicky and Ryan are my closest buds. They're cool." He answered. "Hey, we have sodas and iced tea." He added as if having read Jasmine's thoughts. 

"Well." She stalled, drinking in his charm and gorgeous body.

She felt a familiar dampness growing between her inner thighs. This guy was a real turn on. Suddenly she had a powerful urge to masturbate.

"Come on." Brandon teased, startling her as he extended a hand, helping her over the deck onto his dock.

Cautiously Jasmine took his hand, attempting to keep her thighs together, trying to conceal her aroused scent, wondering if he had already detected it. As she gingerly stepped over the railing a sudden gust of wind swept up her dress, washing over her damp groin, sending her female fragrance into the air. 

Brandon just smiled as he led her up to the house.

"Will my boat be okay here?" She asked sheepishly trying to divert his attention from her scent.

"Oh sure." Brandon answered. "Mine won't be arriving until Friday. It's coming from California."

"You're kidding me?" 

"No. I got it at one of those impound auctions and what a fucking steal! Hey, I noticed your boat is a California Registry." Brandon prodded.

"Yes, I got it in the divorce settlement."

"Divorce? That sucks. Sorry to hear." He said sympathetically while leading her up the path.

"Yeah, thanks. But I'll have all my girls with me soon so I'll be okay. That cheating bastard can get on with his pathetic life without us."

Jasmine thought she detected an approving grin as Brandon looked back over his shoulder at her.

"Hey Brand! Who ya got there?" Someone called out.

Brandon opened the door to the screened-in pool area answering. "This here is Jasmine. She's new to the neighborhood. That's Nicky over there," He offered pointing to the cute gal bobbing in the far corner of the pool. "And this here is Ryan, my buddy since high school."

Jasmine was blushing as both naked swimmers responded with smiles, waves and verbal hellos. 

"Can I get you something to drink, iced tea or a soda maybe?" Nicky asked while slowly wading over to the steps, emerging from the water.

Jasmine was speechless watching a dripping Nicky leaving the pool. 

Nicky was a natural beauty and obviously very comfortable being nude. Her milky white flesh was dotted with irregular tan freckles. She had to be about five foot eight with long shapely legs, a poochy yet firm tummy sporting a jeweled belly button ring, a neatly trimmed pubic area and breasts that were at least 34 double D's. Her face was gorgeous like translucent porcelain with almond shaped jade green eyes, a narrow sloping nose, full sensual lips, a cute cleft in her chin and long, thick, scarlet hair! 

Jasmine had never entertained thoughts of "being with a woman" before... until now! Nicky was drop-dead gorgeous all right. Jasmine's body exploded in tingles watching Nicky coming out of the pool.

"A coke would be awesome," Jasmine finally choked out. "Thanks Nicky."

Jasmine's tingles vanished instantly as Nicky slipped inside the house to retrieve the beverage.

"So, what brings you to Fort Lauderdale Jasmine?" Ryan asked while treading water in the center of the pool.

Jasmine was mesmerized by his handsome smiling face and broad shoulders not to mention his oversized appendage dancing in a furry nest of swirling black pubic hair. The refracting crystal clear water only magnified his size even more!

"A new beginning." Brandon answered for her while wrapping his arm around her flushing shoulders.

Ryan's flaccid member began sensually waving up and down, bobbing against his thigh then his belly as he side-stroked to the edge of the pool.

Jasmine was blushing profusely as Ryan pulled himself up onto the edge of the pool. Grinning widely he rested his chin on his crossed hands.

"Yes, a new beginning." She dreamily agreed as her eyes trailed down to his tanned ass cheeks peeking just beneath the surface.

"Here's that drink Sweetie." Nicky announced coming through the open slider doors holding a glass of coke with ice cubes clinking. It was obvious Nicky's breasts were natural as they rested gently on her ribcage. Her nipples were hard elongated nubbins as they gently bounced with each step. A smile crossed her face when she saw Jasmine looking at them.

"Like what you see?" Nicky asked holding the drink out to her.

"You're beautiful Nicky." Jasmine confessed reaching for the glass as tingles once more raced through her shivering flesh.

She couldn't believe what she was feeling. Her own nipples were so hard they ached. Her sex was quivering out of control. She thought she'd cum right there on the spot if she just touched herself down there!

Without warning Nicky leaned into her until their breasts connected. Reaching down she cupped her hand over Jasmine's covered mound, pressing her finger against the thin cloth until she felt Jasmine's quivering clitty.

Jasmine gave a little grind before screaming out uncontrollably as her orgasm exploded. 

"Oh my God!" She gasped as her eyes slammed shut while electricity raced throughout her every fiber!

Brandon sealed his mouth over Jasmine's as her body convulsed and shook.

A coolness washed over her damp thighs as her dress was being lifted. Feeling her wet panties being parted she submissively parted her feet, spreading her legs open. 

Suddenly a smooth warm tongue was exploring her quaking groin. She was being tongued at both ends!

Brandon was exploring her mouth but who was licking her pussy? Jasmine tried to open her eyes but they just wouldn't.

Soft hands were now mulling her throbbing breasts. She thought she was going to faint from sexual overload.

DONG... DONG... DONG...

Jasmine's eyes shot wide open. The Grandfather clock in the entryway was sounding three o'clock. 

RING... RING... RING...

In a daze she reached over plucking the receiver off its cradle.

"Mom, are you going to pick me up?" Tami asked bringing her mother back from her delicious unfinished dream.