 His hand became lost in her dirty blonde hair. She pressed back against him wildly, like an animal desperate to itch her scratch. With his fingers clenched around the back of Lindsay's neck, her long hair drowned his fingers and palm. Joseph felt his breathing begin to get the better of him as he ran his right hand down the curve of Lindsay's back. He felt the humid moisture of sweat forming at the center of her skinny frame of her back. His hand continued down around her tight ass cheek as he released his cock from her pussy before thrusting back inside her. 

"Ohhh..." Lindsay cued, tucking her wrist over her mouth. She looked over her shoulder at Joseph. Her eye brows were high with a look of helpless submission as he squeezed what little meat she had on her ass cheek. "Oh, Joseph- ah- Fuck me." 

"Shhh," Joseph hushed her glancing at the bedroom door at the foot of the bed. He knew they had fucked much louder in the past and none of Lindsay's sisters or parents had heard then, but getting caught with his pants quite literally around his ankles by his girlfriend's Mother was definitely not something he wanted tonight. 

He lifted a leg onto the bed and dug his hips forward which made Lindsay fall forward on shaky arms. She grabbed a pillow and bit down on it to muffle her cries as he penetrated her. The tightness of her pussy clenched around his thick shaft was unbearable. He felt himself nearing the edge of no return. Joseph's hands traversed her entire body. Cupping her small perky tits as they bounced with every thrust. Her hard nipple scraping his palms as he squeezed her breasts. 

"Fuck me- yes. Yes..." She cried into her pillow. 

Joseph crammed his shaft into her, leaving a quarter of its base out until he began to flex uncontrollably. Leaning forward, he spooned her as he crammed most of his cock inside her and held. Sucking on the back corner of her neck and tasting salty sweat and fruity lotion, he felt spurts of cum pump deep inside Lindsay's drenched pussy. 

"Mmmm..." Joseph groaned between hot pants in Lindsay's ear. She breathed in cooing moans as she steadied her breath and they collapsed on each other. 

Time passed slowly that night. They twisted in the sheets of Lindsay's bed. The sweaty bodies of teenagers folded in intertwining layers of limbs. Lindsay quickly let the test of sleep take over as she slipped away, her nose tucked away in Joseph's chest. He watched her sleep for most of the night. Envying her simple life and simple goals. He knew it wasn't right to classify her life as 'simple.' 

After all, whose life was not complicated as fuck? Joseph thought. 

However, having dated her for most of this senior year of high school, he knew her definitions of problems, while severe for her and most other eighteen year old girls, were nothing compared to others. He knew this just as well as he knew his family turmoil that turned his stomach that night and twisted his thoughts from sleep, did not matter in the grand scheme of things. 

But those thoughts were all that mattered to Joseph. And he hated it. 

Dawn peaked through the Eastward facing window of the bedroom sending cracks of sunlight through the curtains. Lindsay had her phone in hand before Joseph even knew she was awake. He thumbed the bunched sheets on his chest having not slept all night. His fingers followed the crevasses up and down. "What are you watching?" He asked, looking over to Lindsay curled in the corner of her bed, her face buried in her phone. 

"Your dad," she giggled. "He's all over the news." 

"I'm sure he is," Joseph mumbled. His eyes never leaving the monotone shaded ceiling. 

"He's really going to win, huh?" 

"Probably." 

Lindsay smiled to herself as she clicked another clip to play on her phone. "People are already sayn' that he should be running for President this year. You think he will?" 

"He's running for Senator this year," Joseph said with the slightest tinge in his voice. "Can't run for President and Senate." 

"I know," Lindsay said as she smacked his leg with the back of her hand. "Next time. Or in like 8 years or whatever. You think he'll run then?" 

Joseph shrugged sitting up to his elbows, "probably." He moved to the side of the bed, trying to escape the topic. 

"You know," Lindsay probed. "Blake has been talking a lot of trash about you online..." 

"You're friends with him online?" 

"We had some English project together." 

"...when is Blake not talking?" Before Joseph could stand she trapped his chest in her arms as she nuzzled into the back of his neck. 

"Got you." She said in his ear. "You know, if he's the President that makes you the... First Son? First Man?" Lindsay toyed. 

"More like Third man," Joseph broke a smile, rubbing her arms. 

"Na uh, it doesn't work like that!" Lindsay squeezed him tighter. "You and your brothers would all be First Sons and your sisters would be the First daughters. Aaaaand..." Lindsay tongued his right earlobe. Lightly teething and pulling on it as her hot breath sent shivers down Joseph's back. "When you become President, I can be your First lady." She dragged her fingers through Joseph's thick brown hair as she lightly cooed a moan in his ear, biting her lip, and whispered, "...or your first slut." 

Joseph smiled and pushed his head back against Lindsay's, "If you're looking to be the next First Slut," Joseph said sarcastically, "I wouldn't count on it being with me." He stood. The sheet falling from his naked body as his limp penis swaying between his thighs. His body was hard but not like a chiseled body builder that spent their days and nights lifting metal barbells. Joseph's chest and stomach were muscular, but softer. Giving him the toned look of an athlete, though, to his father's- and father's career's disappointment, Joseph refused to participate in any school sports. 

"I'm just saying..." Lindsay teased as he got dressed. The sheet covered only part of her thighs as her skinny breasts hung free. "You're a Conwright. You're an American Dynasty," she smiled shaking around a news article displayed on her phone. "We can be like fucking royalty here- or do whatever we want... why do you want to leave?" 

He had his jeans on and his long sleeved shirt bunched in his hands while he looked around Lindsay's room. It was small and cozy, with the walls covered in pictures of singers and male celebrities. The floor was a mess of clothes and piles of school books and papers. 

"Mmm. You know what I think it is?" She followed his gaze around the room and giggled as she pulled him back to her by his waistband. "I think you're too used to eating with your silver spoon and rich families, and loaded friends." 

"Hm, have you met my friends?" 

"Whatever. You have no idea what it's like to have nothing. Look at this place, it's like a closet in your parent's house. Can you imagine growing up here?" 

Joseph turned and put his shirt on, looking down at her with a grin. "This is a two story, five bedroom house. I don't think you're slumming it." 

"Whatever. My Daddy basically bankrupted us with this fucking house and tuition at Lawrence High. Your parent's parent's have been running this country for like years- hey, where are you going?" 

"I gotta go," Joseph sat and slid his shoes on one at a time. 

"Aww where?" Lindsay asked like a child, sticking out her lip. 

"Sunday morning breakfast before church," Joseph sighed. 

"Hahaha!" She fell back in the bed laughing to herself. "You fuckn' serious? Since when you go to church? Come back to bedddd..." 

Lindsay pulled on his shirt and he leaned over her giving a long kiss as he tucked her hair behind her ear. She groped at his groin. Rubbing on the front of his jeans up and down until he had to pull away as he felt himself stirring in his pants.  

"Not now, my first lady. I have a special request to attend today." Joseph said checking his phone. 

"Since when do you do a thing Conright senior says?" 

"This was a different Conright's request, I'll see you tonight, am I picking you up, or meet you at the club?" 

"Jessica wants me to go to this lame ass car show with her and her dad... ugh... I don't even know when I'll get out of there, but I'll just meet you there, babe." 

"Alright, I'll see you boo," Joseph winked at her as he opened the door. 

Lindsay was on her stomach texting on her phone already before the thought hit her, "oh, happy birthday, baby!" 

The Breakfast. 

"-and that is what is most... I don't know what word to use. Impressive? Gutsy? Reckless? About Congressman Conright's outburst last night. Now he's doing his little dance in the media of, 'an emotional outburst due to the stress this President has put on the country,' but honestly, I see this more as a calculated-" 

Joseph turned off the radio as he pulled down his private drive. The street was all freshly watered grass, freshly trimmed trees, and freshly planted flowers. A manufactured private community isolated from the troubles and pollution of the outside world. Joseph often thought of where he grew up as a 1950's sitcom brought to life in color. 

Maybe that's why I grew up different. 

At the edge of their property was a line of news vans along the public street. Joseph's father would be pleased. He turned down the winding driveway that travelled down the acres of land. Their estate was well hidden behind the hills of green and landscaped trees. 

Joseph parked his Dodge Charger beside Frabricio, their Gardner who hovered on his haunches beside the house pulling weeds. They exchanged head nods as Joseph went in through the garage. 

"Late night?" Larissa said stirring something on the kitchen stove. He hadn't even cleared the garage door to the house before the interrogation began. 

"Yeah, sorry, ma," Joseph said. "It got late so I just stayed the night at Josh's." 

"Mmhmm," Larissa gave him an under eye look as she stirred eggs in a pan. He knew she didn't believe him, but the lie was enough to keep the conversation from happening. "You coming to church this morning?" 

"Sure," Joseph stretched and yawned, leaning on the stairs banister. 

"You've got to wear something nice, lots of cameras out there. Here let me get out of your way," Larissa moved so their cook, Ms. Gomez, could access the stove to turn the sausages. Larissa never cooked, except eggs on Sunday morning. She wasn't even good at cooking the eggs, but Joseph suspected she did it just so she didn't have to lie to reporters about cooking for their family. "Breakfast is in ten and your brothers should be here in any minute. Go tell your sister, okay?" 

He yawned again and nodded going up stairs. His mother didn't need to specify which sister even though he had two. He wasn't on talking terms with Stephanie, his year younger sister, for the past year or 8, give or take. Joseph considered changing... or showering... or brushing his teeth, but he refused to give his father the satisfaction of him getting dressed for breakfast. Their house was decorated like that of a museum. High ceilings connected to white walls with huge paintings framed in elaborate designs. Decorative vases and furniture pieces placed in odd locations which made it difficult for house keepers to properly dust. 

Only thing that'd improve this place is a gallon of gas and a good strike of a match. 

"Ally Mc Ally," Joseph knocked and entered the room at the end of the hall. "I'm here to collect my birthday present, woman." 

Alyssa was sitting in the corner of the room looking out the window. When she turned, she wiped tears from her cheeks as she tried to smile. "Shut up, birthday brat. Even for a morning person, you're still loud as shit." 

"Hey..." he said sitting on the bed beside her. "I thought the rule was only the birthday boy or girl gets to have a shitty day. Not the birthday boy or girl's sister." 

"I'm just-" she started and quickly began to shake as she hugged herself. "I'm just so fucking nervous. Like you have no idea." 

"Al, you don't have to do it today, I mean, I'm with you a 100% either way, but nothing say-" 

"If you don't want me to do it today, I completely understand," Alyssa said wiping her nose. "I mean, it's your birthday." 

"Yes, don't want you infringe on all the fun of my birthday church excursion, my birthday lecture from dad, or- oh yes, let's not forget about my birthday family breakfast where we get to hear more tales of Monica's great injustice by the man for getting a traffic ticket." Joseph and Alyssa both smiled some at that. 

"God, she's never going to shut up about that is she?" Alyssa sniffled. 

"Not until "Daddy" has that officer's badge," Joseph said. 

Al and Joseph had always been close, ever since they were little. Alyssa was two years younger than Joseph and the only member of his family that neared the realm of normality. In a family that was ran like feudal lordship, normality was a rarity. She was tall for her age but had an average body size, with some thickness in her thighs, hips, and chest. Her black hair was usually kept tied in a ponytail to keep it out of her thick black rimmed glasses. So far, Al and Joseph were the only two Conrights that weren't contributing to the Family political career by having a useful title. ...sports athlete, star something, honor role... 

"Look, do it today, don't do it, it's up to you." Joseph shrugged rubbing her back. "You fall I follow, right?" 

She smiled with her head hung over her lap, "right." 

"...What's Sam say?" 

"The same," Al shrugged. "...Basically." 

The front door down stairs opened and a chaos of noise filled the quiet house. Nieces, nephews, brothers, sisters, dogs... the house was alive with movement. Their mother's voice yelled at dogs, their brother's voice yelled at nephews. 

Stephanie stuck her head inside Alyssa's room for the briefest of seconds to yell, "Mom said, breakfast, slut." Before running down stairs. 

"Come on," Joseph stood. "Rubber eggs aren't getting any better." 

The table looked like it was set in a 1980's thanksgiving catalog. The men were dressed in a wash of light colored bad sweaters, the women in matching dresses. Even Joseph's two adorable nephews, Chad and Haze, were dressed as step ford husbands. 6 year old boys wearing matching sweater vests... I wonder if they take turns mutilating squirrels, Joseph thought. 

"Jo jo!" They screamed when they saw Joseph round the table. 

"What's up little guys?" He patted their heads like dogs needing a good rub. 

"Oh- uhh here," Denise edged her way between the boys and Joseph. "Don't want to mess the kids' hair before all the cameras arrive hehe." She parted their hair as they fussed in their seats. 

"Hello, Denise," Joseph sat at the table and felt accomplished when he saw how messy he'd made their hair. 

"Hm. Hi, Joseph," Denise said with a stressed giggle. "How are you? Happy Birthday!" 

"Thanks." 

Denise was nice enough considering she was married to Thomas. A little too nervous-coffee-jittery for Jo's taste but she was still was years better than- 

"There he is- whoa, little brother, is the homeless look that popular these days?" Thomas said with a grin as he sat their infant daughter in the high chair. "What? No hello hug? Hello high five??" 

I will not murder my family. I will not murder my family. I will not... 

"Hey Thomas..." Joseph forced a smile. 

"Here," Thomas reached across the table holding out his fist. Joseph pounded it. "Boom! Happy Birthday, bro!" 

I will not murder my family. I will... Thomas was his eldest brother and father's gift to humanity. Despite being a ginormous tool and a bit more talkative, Thomas was a spitting image of father. Even now he sat in his suit carefully enough to ensure no creases formed. Jo leaned forward and caught himself staring for an awkwardly long moment at Thomas' shoulder, looking for a spec of dandruff or a single strand of dog hair. 

He's like a goddam robot, how is that even possible? He has two Great Danes, 3 kids, and he looks like he just came off an assembly line. 

The help continued to fill the table with platters of food. Breads and biscuits, jelly and jam, eggs, bacon, sausage, ham, gravy... Having been to a number of fancy dinners, Joseph learned the larger the dining table the larger the dinner. Like everything else in this world. The food prepared was not about what people wanted, but what looked best for the camera. 

Stephanie clacked in on her high heels, shooting Jo a dirty look from above her cell phone as she sat leaving an empty chair between them. Stephanie was a year younger than Jo and lead varsity cheerleader. ...yup... 

Bruce came in next, giving Jo a long look before, sitting down, followed by Mother. Bruce was four years older than Joseph and the embodiment of everything Jo was not. He was a star wrestler and football player. Soon to be graduate with honors in college, followed by his current family cliché, law school. Larissa gave Jo a double take. "Joseph, I asked you to change your clothes- you could have at least washed your hair." 

Jo was wearing the same long sleeved rock band shirt and jeans he'd wore the night before. He left his greasy hair messy in parts and matted in others. "Ahh. You said for church," Jo held a finger up. "This is just family breakfast, right? I could put on a vest- Hey Haze!" He yelled down to the end of the table where the children sat. "Can Uncle Jo Jo borrow your sweater vest!?" 

"Jo Jo!" The boys yelled and started pulling their vests off. Their nanny, whom sat beside the boys quickly jumped into action to keep their clothes on. 

"Hey!" Bruce snapped, at first towards the boys then to Joseph. "Keep it down. Father's on the phone." 

Father's footsteps and murmured voice could be heard from the kitchen pacing back and forth. Joseph glared at Bruce and Bruce glared back. Run into a wall run into a wall run into a wall... Jo thought one of these days he could will his sibling into doing it. 

"Where's Alyssa?" Larissa asked. 

"She's coming," Joseph answered. On que, Al walked into the room already trying to avoid eye contact and sat beside Jo. 

"Hey gorgeous!" Thomas exclaimed, his arm around the back of Denise's chair. "I missed you, sis, how have you been?" 

"Heh, fine, a lot of school work, you know," Alyssa said. 

"Didn't see you at the prom dance last night..." Stephanie held her phone to the side as she leaned on the table. "You or your boyfriend, thought he was a junior?" 

Joseph glared at Stephanie as did Alyssa. 

"Stephanie," Mother warned. "Elbows." Stephanie lifted her elbows from the table top, and with a smug smirk went back to her cell phone. "Bruce," Mother changed the subject. "Why don't you go get your Father." 

"Okay, but, he's on the phone..." Bruce gave his, are you sure? Look. 

"Oh..." Mother nodded. "We'll wait, then." 

The dining room was silent as everyone sat staring at their empty plates. Jo scratched his shoulder and realized his hand still smelled of pussy. Heh whoops... He wondered why Lindsay hadn't started blowing up his phone yet for pics of his family- time, but as he smacked his thigh pocket and found it empty he realized he left the cell in his car. Lindsay would fucking love this, he thought. Epic breakfasts, photos being taken as we walk to church... I could propose to her in a text right now and she'd say yes. He shook his head. 

"Wibbletons out," John Conright announced as he barged into the dining room. "It's official, I'm the new Lead Co-sponsor of the Bill." 

"Alright Dad!" Bruce said clapping his hands once. Joseph eyed him suspiciously, wondering if he was going to try to start a slow clap. 
