 Connie leaned back in her office chair and smiled. It was a gorgeous day on the island. She had a wonderful view of the main tourist area out one side of her office and the blue Pacific Ocean from the other side of her desk. Gary, Mark, Jeremy, Arne, Holly, Jill, and Michelle also had offices in this building. With their collective global organizations, they needed access to all communications all the time.

 She looked out into her office and smiled. She knew she had several executive positions to fill in administration but until she resolved it, she was happy with what she had. She had an amazing group of people working in this area. Each man and woman was sexy and oh so sweet. She smiled to herself as she was also thinking that each one was great in bed. She and Arne had wanted to get into the adult industry but neither of them ever envisioned that they would be living the adult industry first hand. She laughed as she was thinking to herself that only one man on earth could have made this happen and that was Gary. 

 Connie loved her husband Arne dearly and she wouldn't trade him at all but she and Gary had been in love years ago before she left the states to move back to Holland. That was sixteen years ago and until two years ago, she never thought she would ever see him again. She never forgot him and she definitely never stopped loving him. Right from the start, Arne knew how she felt about him and he understood. Then one night in Thailand, she walked into a bar on Walking Street with Arne. She was looking for Jeremy and she ran into all of her old friends, Gary included. She was beside herself with happiness. In the end, she learned that Mark, Jeremy, and Gary were planning to build Secluded Bliss. Arne, being an excellent contractor, built it. He then sold his company and Connie and he were tasked with running it.

 She saw Gary, Mark, Jeremy, and Arne walking towards the office. The last two weeks had been amazing. They had conducted a dry run where they had brought The D'Orgasmic Group, The Banner Agency people together with all of Jeremy's employees as paying guests onto Secluded Bliss. The staff on the island had no idea that they were not paying customers. Everyone had a wonderful time and the island staff far surpassed everything they could have hoped for. Not only did the staff receive top marks but also the buzz from everyone was about how elegant every room was. They couldn't say enough wonderful things about Red and Nancy who were suspiciously absent from the island right now.

 Jeremy said. "The island is elegant. If Red and Nancy were here, I'd kiss them."

 "Oh that's funny," Arne, laughed. "You'd do more than just kiss them."

 "When are they due back," Connie asked. "They told me everything was perfect when they left earlier this week. I toured every suite and I agree. I've never seen anything so luxurious in my life. What blows me away is that every suite is unique. No two are the same. I've never been so impressed in my life."

 "They told me they would be back here tomorrow afternoon. They took the G5 and told me they had business to take care of in Orlando. That is all I know," Gary said.

 "We still have some holes in our employee roster," Connie told them. "I really need another Doctor and lab people. I have people looking for me but so far, I haven't had any luck. We also need another top quality Chef and two people with mad computer skills. The other areas aren't going to be that hard to fill but I want quality people. I know it will come together."

 "The guests start arriving first thing in the morning. We will have nearly a full house. There is a special flight coming in later tonight. These people are very close friends of ours and we want them to have everything they want. They are NFL players and I know you haven't met them yet. They definitely want to meet you two. I guarantee you'll love them," Mark told her. "They will also be the first three residents in the permanent residence. They are the reason there were three penthouses."

 "I guarantee you'll love them too. There is a reason I call them 'my guys'. I love them with all my heart," Cherry said as she walked into the office.

 "Don't tell me, I think I know their names. Do I have this right? Isn't it Rashad, Jamal, and Chris? Oh please tell me I am going to meet them," Connie bounced out of her chair when Cherry nodded. "YES! YES! OH YES! I've wanted to meet them since we started this project and never got the chance when I was in Orlando. I kept missing them. I'm excited. Correct me if I'm wrong but don't they have to 'certify' me too?"

 "Oh baby, when they do, you will know the meaning of pure lust," Cherry grinned. 

 "I'm hungry, let's go, grab everyone, and head to dinner. This is the last night we'll have the island to ourselves for a while. Besides, I want seafood and lots of it. I was in the kitchen today and I saw the Alaska King Crab and my mouth has been watering," Mark said.

 At dinner, Jeremy told everyone that there was something he wanted to tell them. "I've talked to Jill and she totally agrees with me. In fact, she tore me a new asshole. She said it was fucking well about time too. Nom and Phoc are on the way here right now. They have one passenger and I hope that you will welcome her into our family. Her name is Mika and she and I have been together for the last six months. She is adorable and sexy as all get out. She knows about every one of you and she is frankly nervous to meet you."

 Everyone congratulated him. Jill got up, walked around the table, and kissed him sweetly. "I love you with all my heart. I will tell you what I told Mark and Gary. I don't plan to lose you from my life. I didn't lose Gary; I gained three sisters. I didn't lose Mark; I gained one goofier sister."

 Cherry burst out laughing at that.

 "I am certain that Mika will fit into this crazy family just fine. Besides that darling, I love Asian food," Jill kissed him again.

 "Damn straight she does," Rose smirked. "Oh wow, now Shannon and I can really rock your world now that we have Mika. I'm excited.

 Before they left the restaurant, Nom and Phoc walked in with Mika. This breathtaking woman was everything you would expect on the arm of a man who was one of the largest porn producers in the world. She was tall with a perfect body. Her face was flawless and she captivated everyone in the restaurant. Jeremy was beaming.

 A low moan was heard and all eyes shifted to Rose. "I better let Shannon know we just lost the title of the hottest Asians around."

 "Damn girl," Mika said, "I was thinking I had just lost that title myself."

 "Now it is my turn, I like this woman already," Gary laughed. "Welcome Mika, you're going to fit in here just fine."

 On her way to Secluded Bliss, Tabitha Watson, a single 29 years old heiress was excited about this adventure. When she heard about this place from a dear friend, she knew it was something she had to do. Her friend happened to be one of the top fashion models in the world. She had told Tabitha that she knew the owners of the island and that she would absolutely love the place. She also told her she was sworn to secrecy about who the owners were but that three of them were amongst the sexiest men in the world. She was told that if he were to run into them on the island, she probably would recognize at least one of them. One of them had a wife the entire world knew. She wouldn't tell her more than that. She did tell her that if she did see them that they were the most approachable people on earth and to tell them hello from her.



Tabitha suffered from a problem wherein she nearly ever sleeps. She sought medical help and was told that because she was constantly horny; she just couldn't turn it off. She never told her Doctor all of it. He didn't know that she was bisexual, and absolutely loved anal sex. She considers herself an exceptional cocksucker and has a long string of men who will attest to that. She loves the taste of cum. She has never met a load she hasn't swallowed. Sex parties and gangbangs thrilled her to the core. Young people don't do it for her anymore once she discovered the absolute pleasure of mature men and women. If Secluded Bliss lived up to what she had been told, she would definitely become a regular.

 Marv, 52, and Patti Russell, 41, had been married for over twenty years and they too were on Tabitha's flight. They had been business people since they had met in college. They dated in school and after graduation; they had gone their separate ways. It wasn't until years later, while at a conference; they had run into each other. This time they didn't let go. They married six months later and their business had grown rapidly. Once they made the decision to franchise, their incomes went ballistic. They learned that when all of their hard work paid off, the money would flow fast and in an enormous amount. Because of the very public nature of their business model, their faces were very well known. They found that the lifestyle they both enjoyed when they were struggling was not possible today. Since they were both bisexual and constantly horny, they just wanted to be naked and have lots of sex without public scrutiny. They learned of Secluded Bliss and they couldn't wait to reserve a spot.

 Across the Atlantic, Willem, 68 and Inga, 39 Schmidt, retired multi-billionaires, were also headed to Secluded Bliss. Willem likes very young women with a very strong preference for Asian women. Inga, a stunning beauty with golden blonde locks, is a woman who loves to fuck, gangbangs, and more. She is wildly bisexual, loving both equally. Her claim to fame is her ability to give fabulously sensual blowjobs. Every drop of cum lands right into her mouth and she swallows every drop. Inga knew this flight was heading to Secluded Bliss and as she scoped out all of the passengers, she smiled. There were some very sexy people onboard. She planned to do all of them too.

 The jet's started arriving on Secluded Bliss and the guests were taken to their suites. Upon their arrival, each individual was greeted by their own personal concierge who informed them that they would be available to them twenty-four hours a day. Whatever they wanted, they would have. 

 When Tabitha heard this, she looked at the spectacular, tall, extremely handsome man, who was standing in her suite telling her all about Secluded Bliss. He told her that this was an erotic resort for wealthy and discriminating clients. It is extremely private with no chance of media ever knowing who was here or what they did while they were here. She was told that there would be a gathering in about fifteen minutes where she would receive her wristband.

 "What is the wristband for," she asked him.

 He showed her his. A slim wristband had a several small buttons on the side. "If you press this button, I will feel a vibration and know that you want me. I will find you and come to you right away. If you were here with a partner, you would press this button and they would know you are looking for them. It does a few other things that I will show you later. Remember, anything you want, I will insure you will have it. Once you have the wristband, I will take you on a tour of the island and show you everything that is here. If you don't mind, we should go to the main pool area now. Then, you can get comfortable, and we can go on the tour."

 They went and the first thing he asked was what she wanted to drink. He told her that the Rum Runners were amazing and she told him that sounded delicious. He got her one and she loved it.

 Connie walked out when everyone was assembled. She wore beautiful high heels and nothing else. "Welcome to Secluded Bliss. My name is Connie. I am the general manager of Secluded Bliss and I am here to make certain that your stay with us is pleasurable, erotic, and wonderful. Each of you has been assigned your own personal concierge. I want you to understand that these men and women are here to make your stay here as pleasant and sex-filled as possible. You have been or soon will be issued a wristband to allow you to have access to your concierge whenever need or want them. Don't worry your wristband is waterproof. If you get it wet you won't hurt it one bit. Hopefully, everyone will be wet a lot. 

 I want you to realize that there is a lot to do and see here. Your concierge will take each of you on a private tour. Remember, this is your erotic vacation. It is a nudist resort with a wonderful twist. Unlike your average nudist resort, sex is allowed everywhere and at any time on the island. The only exception is, of course, in the various restaurants. They are also the only place clothing is required. We have spared no expense to provide the most comfortable amenities, furniture, sex swings, and trampolines for you to indulge in whatever flavor of sex you would ever want. There are five luxury pools together with covered party areas to allow for many large group parties. We have several x-rated movie theaters and a few specialty rooms you should find delightful. If you have any concerns, please see me in the office. Otherwise, I will see all of you out here. My husband Arne and I love to play just as much as you do."

 "What is your name and how old are you, if you don't mind me asking," Tabitha said to her handsome concierge.

 "My name is John and I am 37 years old," he told her. "Come let me get your wristband." He turned and walked towards the desk. Tabitha watched as he walked away from her towards the desk. She liked the looks of his ass. He scanned his wristband and put hers into the machine. It only took a few seconds and hers was programmed as well. 

 He put it on her wrist and asked her if she would like to get comfortable? 

 "If by that, do you mean do I want to get naked? The answer to that is definitely, yes I do. Do you get naked too?"

 "Oh definitely, I am usually naked. I prefer not to wear clothes if I can help it," he smiled as they made their way back to her suite. "When we get back to your suite, I want to show you what is there for your enjoyment. We also have a welcoming cocktail party this afternoon. There are several excellent restaurants as well as the diner over at the nightclubs. It is open all day and all night. It's not just diner food either. I will say their food is fantastic."

 They approached her suite and she waited for him to unlock the door. "Wave your wristband at the lock Tabitha," he told her. She did and the door unlocked. They entered her suite and he showed her where the safe was. He gave her the package that gave her all of the information she needed to know so that she could find her way around. There was a knock at the door and it was a very pretty chambermaid, who asked Tabitha if she needed help unpacking.

 "No dear, I didn't bring very much. I can handle it. Thank you for asking though." Tabitha told her.

 "If there is anything else I can do for you, just ask. I'm sure John has told you, we are here for your pleasure. Anything you want, just ask, and I will make sure you have it all," she told Tabitha as she was leaving.

 Tabitha laughed, "Gee, I wonder what would happen if I told her I wanted her to lick my pussy."

 "She would lick your pussy and get you off very well. She loves pussy. I've seen her in action and she is hot," he smiled, as her eyes grew wide.

 "Are you telling me that she would do me? What would happen if I asked you to fuck me? Would you do that?"

 "Tabitha, every man, woman, or ladyboy working on this island is here to ensure that this is the ultimate erotic vacation. Every person, from Connie and her husband Arne on down will do you whenever and wherever you want. So to answer your question, yes Tabitha, if you asked me, I would fuck you for as long as you want," John smiled, "Right now, it is time to get naked and head down to the cocktail party. Around here, we call it 'House Rules'. It means all the men are naked outdoors. The women wear high heels and sometimes lingerie. I don't know if you've ever been to a nudist resort but this is how we do things. I think you will like it. The only difference is if you see anyone, man, or woman, and you want to suck cock, lick pussy, or fuck, just go for it. It is wide-open sexuality around here 24 hours a day. After the party, I will show you a very nice place to hang out for an hour or so. Something tells me you will love it."

 "Well, are you going to get undressed or what? If I am going to be naked, so are you," Tabitha smirked. 

 With that, she began removing her clothing. John admiringly looked at her as he took off his polo shirt. Tabitha stopped short and walked over to him. She put her arms around his neck and pulled him to her. They shared their first kiss and it was amazing. 

 He unclasped her bra revealing her near perfect breasts, which caressed his sculpted chest. Their tongues danced as the kiss heated up. John undid her skirt, which fell to the floor. She stepped out of it and kicked it aside. She undid his belt and then his trousers. She broke the kiss as she helped his slacks slide over his hips and down to the floor. She was looking at a perfectly shaped, deliciously nice sized cock, just inches from her face. He stepped out of his pants and could feel her hot breath on his cock. She grabbed his slacks and stood up. He sank to his knees and slipped her tiny thong from her hips. What he saw was a beautiful, shaved, pussy with puffy lips, and a wonderful, prominent clit that was begging to be pleased. 

 He handed her the thong and stood, "I'm sure you need a drink. Let's go," he said.

 Her eyes were dancing as she stood back and apprised the gorgeous, muscular man who stood naked before her. Her mind was racing but the one thing she knew was that she was going to fuck him every way imaginable. 

 Marv and Patti Russell together with Willem and Inga Schmidt had each received the same reception from their concierges. Marv, Patti, Willem, and Inga each received their own concierges. Apparently, each guest had his or her own personal concierge.

 Marv was assigned a gorgeous brunette who couldn't be more than 5'2" tall, but her body was damned near perfect. Patti was impressed with the strapping good looks on the man who was to be her guide for the week. She knew she would do him often but she also wanted her privacy to play privately too. In fact, she preferred it. 

 Willem couldn't be happier as the young Asian woman they had assigned to him was amazing, sexy, and obviously horny. He was living the dream when this wonderful Asian goddess told him that she knew exactly what he liked and that she had arranged for a bevy of adorable Asian women to party and play with them for the rest of the week. 

 Inga could not take her eyes off the wonderful eight-inch cock hanging from the adorable young man they assigned to her. She knew she would be doing him frequently but she also loved her privacy. She was happy when she learned that she could just call Tom as needed. She liked that a lot.

 Tabitha, together with her concierge John, made their way to the main pool area. "How many people are on the island," she asked.

 "The total number of guests this week is four hundred and sixty. We can accommodate five hundred a week. As for the number of employees, that number is upward of a thousand very attractive, bisexual, horny, men and women. Now, that is not counting the owners who are also in residence right now and their invited guests."

 "Holy fuck, that means there are more than fifteen hundred people I can fuck? I will need more than a week," she exclaimed. "Look at this pool. I've never seen anything like it in my life. It is gorgeous."

 "This is the largest of the five public pools on the island. If you think this is something now, just wait until it gets dark. It will blow your mind," he told her.
