 Tina and Cathy were relaxing on their loungers, watching Sean towel off on the dock after a morning swim. He had grown a lot in his senior year of high school and his athletics showed in the broad shoulders and flat stomach. 

Cathy said to her older sister, "He is growing into a man very fast. What about a girlfriend?" 

Tina looked over at her and said, "Get your mind out of the gutter. His girlfriend is in England visiting her grandparents for a month. I haven't asked him whether they are having sex."

Tina called out to him, "Come and have some brunch with us."

The sun was warm and bright, illuminating their glistening naked bodies. He admired the oiled breasts and well trimmed pussies. The three of them had been in France together last summer and did the nude thing at St. Tropez with thousands of others. 

"Hey, you are both looking great. This could be St. Tropez West." He helped himself to a big glass of orange juice, and added some of the open champagne. The sisters enjoyed the good life when on vacation.

Cathy said, "You've gotten to be a big sexy stud since last year. Come and sit and tell us about your love life. We are just two neglected sisters."

He smiled to himself at how totally relaxed his aunt Cathy was, given their recent activities. He had been the beneficiary of that fantastic body.

A third lounger was conveniently arranged next to theirs and he lowered himself into it. Sipping his mimosa, he closed his eyes against the sun and said, "You are going to get me hot and horny, lying here in the sun talking about sex." His penis was steadily lengthening. 

"What's wrong with that?" Cathy asked. She was younger than her sister by eight years, and he had discovered how hot she was. There had been a husband until recently, when they split.

He let the silence develop and said, "Tell me about the time you lost your virginity. Is it as awful as the stories?"

Both of them laughed. Tina said, "Like a lot of things, Sean, you hear about the bad experiences, not the good ones. I had his first real sex right here on this deck, and I made sure Cathy had hers the same way." They laughed again. Under his eyelids he could see their pelvises twitch gently. His cock was semihard and he willed it to behave. At least for now.

"Would you like something more to drink," he asked, rising.

"Yes, please," they chorused, and added, "We need more sunscreen and so do you."

He filled the glasses with juice and champagne. He could feel it going to his head in the heat. Grabbing the tube, he returned to his seat and asked where they needed lotion.

"Oh, we are getting personal treatment, are we?" He said nothing, but drizzled a string of fluid over Cathy's breasts and down her stomach. Rubbing gently, he said, "You have great tits and they won't have any tan lines in another day or two." Her nipples lengthened under his fingers, as he massaged and pulled at them. Her pelvis was moving faster now and he could see muscles in her thighs clenching. "If I was your boyfriend, you would be wanting me to do more wouldn't you?"

"Tina," she said, "he's totally getting to me. I can smell his sweat and it's like a drug."

"Cathy," she said firmly, "you are not supposed to be flirting with your nephew, even if he is turning you on rubbing those incredible tits. Send him over here to fix his mother up."

Her sultry tone was not lost on Sean. He wondered if the two of them had plotted to advance his sex education. Coming to the lake was real torture for his hormone infused sex drive. They were pretty liberated, and he doubted they worried much about the incest angle.

Tina got the same trail of lotion on her front that Cathy did. He knelt down and massaged the breasts that had nourished him years ago. They were firm and getting firmer as he worked on them. Her nipples were larger and longer than her sister's. He wondered if he was responsible for that. His lips descended on the nearest pink protuberance. His left hand trailed down her stomach, working lotion in and getting closer and closer to her moist cleft.

Cathy said, "He's taking liberties with you, Tina. His own mom, can you believe that?"

Cathy knelt opposite Sean and took the other nipple in her mouth. "Hmmm. Your mom has the best boobs for sucking. But you already know that, don't you?" She grinned at him and asked, "Are your lips imprinted on these tits? Do you have a deep memory of nursing at these breasts?" Her fingers joined Sean's at Tina's sex and slid readily into the slippery cunt.

Tina groaned, "Stop it, you two. This is bad."

Cathy gestured at Sean to kiss his mother. His tongue first caressed her lips and then sought entrance. With another moan, she opened and their tongues found each other. Beneath the edge of the lounger, his cock was fully hard. He was sure that Cathy was orchestrating a fuck, and of his own mother at that. He wondered about turning the tables. Save Tina for last, do Cathy now. He leaned across and kissed her like he had Tina. She shivered and glanced at him from under lowered eyes. She knew what was coming.

The sun was warm on their backs as they pleasured Tina, who twitched and moaned continuously, not pretending resistance any more. Her moans of "Bad, bad, bad," obviously meant "yes, yes, yes."

If he was going to do Cathy first, where and how? His mother gave a sudden cry and spasmed beneath their hands. "Oh fuck, fuck, fuck."

His inspiration was sudden, the strength in his arms surprising as he lifted aunt Cathy over Tina and spread her legs, revealing deep pink lips welcoming his cock. Thinking he needed to hurry before they had time to protest, he thrust forward blindly and the large head of his cock found its entrance instantly.

Cathy shrieked, "No!" as he buried himself fully in her. The sensation was incredible. He followed his body's messages unhesitatingly, falling into a quick rhythm that brought him rapidly to orgasm. His surge filled her as he shouted out and she herself could not resist the head to toe sensation of being taken, right in the place of her first empalement.

She whispered in her sister's ear, "He is so good! My god, Tina, you have to have him!"

She turned on her side and gestured Sean forward into the uncovered sex of his mother, dripping and throbbing. His cum covered cock stood proudly in the brilliant sunlight, ready to pierce another needy pussy. Knowing that delay was not in his favor, the giant weapon plunged forward into the body of his birth, ignoring her frantic cry, "No, Sean, you mustn't."

His balls and his whole body tingled. This was a special place. He belonged here, and she knew it, clamping on him and throwing her arms around his neck. His rhythm was slow but steady, working the length of him in her, his tip just grazing her cervix. She couldn't help but respond. Her moans were low and pathetic, "Oh no, no, no." 

Cathy leaned over and kissed her lips. "You are so beautiful, together with him. I'm watching his big tool going in and out, back and forth. You are going to come soon. You are going to come a lot. He is all male and he is mating with you." Her voice was low and sibilant, urging Tina to new heights of ecstasy.

"Oh my god!" Tina froze in total spasm of her orgasm. Sean knew this was his moment and finished with a flurry of thrusts and a great spurting of his seed into the shuddering body of his mother.

Pulling out, he dashed to the dock and plunged into the lake, swimming to the float out in the water. Turning back, he saw the women standing in an embrace. He thought to himself about the joy of experiencing his manhood with two women who provided the perfect homes in their tight bodies for his youthful cock. He was still shaking.

The three of them lay on the float. The women were trying to put him down. "That was very bad, Sean, you should have waited for Bernadette to get home."

"I'm not sure. You two were hotter than pistols. I may not know much about women, but my cock tells me you really wanted him."

They raised up, on either side, and swatted his muscular ass. He turned over and pulled them to him, kneading and massaging their backs and butt.

He spoke in a low voice, "We are going to do that again, aren't we? You've found a local stud to solve your horniness problem, haven't you? A stud that needs a workout everyday. A guy who will grab you and push you against the wall with his cock, driving you higher and higher until you scream."

Cathy raised her head and kissed him. "Sis, we've been found out. He has our number."

Tina kissed her sister across Sean's front and fastened her lips on her son's. Her body moved on his and he was hard again. This was pretty public. Water skiers went by now and then. He lifted her hips and gently eased himself back into the warm wet cunt he so recently vacated. Then crossed his palms on her muscular behind and stayed very still. 

Cathy whispered, "You are a slut. My own sister and you can't get enough of him. Swimming in that cold water didn't slow you down a bit. Every time he digs his fingers in, you clamp on him, don't you?"

Tina's head was down and her eyes closed. "Hmmm."

His mind leaped forward. He was going to do her just like this in bed tonight. He had to do them both to keep peace. His cock didn't seem to mind, just gently flexing in her warm place. The sun was hot and he was on his way to a nap when Tina squeezed him hard and said, "This is very nice but we will get in trouble having sex on the float." She kissed him and rolled into the lake. 

He looked at Cathy, whose eyes were full of sex. She kissed him and said, "I want equal treatment. I want to be shoved against the wall and taken. You and I need to know each other better."

She was the best faker he had ever seen. He swatted her butt and pushed her into the lake. What a morning.

Tina brought out salad and French bread for lunch and sat next to Sean and her sister. He gazed at their bare breasts and considered himself a lucky man. Days at the lake a la Francaise were great. All of his male equipment, now clad in shorts, tingled. It had taken more than a few minutes to wash all the sunscreen and come from their bodies and everyone looked fresh and vibrant. The women had on matching pale green boy shorts that shouted sex to him. 

He dug into the delicious plate in front of him. When he looked up, Cathy was staring at him with a different look in her eyes. He guessed she was thinking of their first encounter. She said, "Now that you have conquered the local womenfolk, what next, Romeo?" Her eyes were laughing.

Tina spoke up, "He needs to be faithful to Bernadette. When does she get back?"

He wondered what faithful meant. "Over the weekend, I'm not sure what day."

"Send her an email and invite her here to decompress from all the travel." His mother's eyes were suggestive. He sensed wheels turning inside her head.

Tina announced, "Cathy and I are off to the village for shopping. I don't suppose you want to come along?"

"No, I want to get started on the plumbing."

An hour later, he had opened up the side of the cabin foundation, exposing a rat's nest of jumbled pipes left from decades of different hands attempting to improve water heating and delivery. It all needed to come out, but some temporary bypass was needed to handle at least one toilet and the sink in the kitchen.

A few minutes later, he was dirty and sweating with a rusted pipe in his hands when a soft voice said, "Hello?"

He clunked his head as he turned and groaned. She said, "Oh, I'm so sorry if I caused that. I'm from next door and was wondering if you could spare a cup of sugar."

He ducked out from under the house, holding his head. "I'm sure it's a fatal concussion. But what a nice way to die, helping a beautiful woman in distress."

He extended a hand and noticed it was dark with grease. "You don't want to shake that. What about a kiss? I'm Sean."

She leaned carefully forward and went to kiss his cheek, but he artfully let her lips collide with his. She jumped back, "Oh, I didn't mean..."

"It was all my fault. Let's go get your sugar."

In the kitchen, he washed his hands and turned to dry them. She was offering a towel and another kiss. A soft and wonderful kiss. "I'm Lucy Carlson, Teresa's niece." After almost a minute, he realized he was staring at her beauty and shivering with an incredible rush through his body, centered in his groin. This had never happened before. Maybe it was because of the sex he had this morning, but he didn't mind the feeling at all.

Lucy wrinkled her nose, "Are you quite done checking me out? I only need a cup of sugar."

"You are the most beautiful girl to walk into my life ever. Let's find the sugar." The summer cabin pantry was small, but had a five pound sack of sugar only partly empty. She held out the measuring cup in her hand. He took the cup but did not release the hand. He kissed the knuckles and said, "If you are staying a few days, what about a date?"

She helped him with the sugar and put the sack back. As she turned, he was in the way. Her arms went around his neck and they kissed again.

"My house mother at school says do not let guys kiss you the first time you meet. Maybe that's bad advice. How did you get me floating on air so fast?"

He took her hand, "Come on, I'll walk you back. We got here yesterday and I haven't checked in with Terry. My mom turns me over to her when she has to go back to the city for work."

Terry was busy folding ingredients together and looked up with a big smile. "Sean! I see you've met Lucy. Sending her for sugar got you past the introductions?"

Lucy had her arm around his waist and said, "He kissed me already. Said he had greasy hands from the plumbing job." She grinned.

"That reminds me. Sean, is there any chance you could see if you can get the hot tub going? The motor won't turn on and that means the heater won't work either. If you get it going, we can all soak tonight."

"Sure. Should be a snap if Lucy lends a hand."

They went down the outside steps to the enclosure under the tub. He removed the top to the filter compartment. It was filled with greasy black water that smelled bad. Lucy said, "Eww."

"I'm afraid we need to drain the whole thing. See that red valve over there. Turn it ninety degrees and make sure the drain hose is pointed away from the house."

He verified that the overload switch had tripped on the pump and started unscrewing the cover. It took about five minutes, and when he got it off, something was wrapped around the impeller. It took some work with pliers and screwdriver to get the blockage out. He lay the item on the ground. 

"What's that?" Lucy asked. He looked at her and grinned. "If I am not mistaken, that is the remains of a woman's bikini bottom. How do you suppose it got loose in the hot tub?"

She flushed bright red, knowing darn well how it got loose. She grinned and said, "Oh, I'm sure it was a simple accident." 

They were still laughing when Teresa appeared at the top of the steps. He held up the string and tiny patch of cloth. "This doesn't happen to be yours, does it?"

She colored and said, "Oh dear, no. I wish I could wear something that small, but not anymore. If that had burned out the motor, I would be really mad. I'm going to have to make the tub a no suits zone."

Sean said, "We need a bucket with fresh bleach in it and some scrub brushes. Might as well get this thing cleaned out properly."

By the time Lucy returned with the bucket, the pump was back together, the switch reset, and it started right up.

He said, "You know, that bleach will wreck our clothes, I'm going to do this in the buff. You don't mind do you?"

She came over with the bucket and pressed herself against him. "I might have known you would find a way to get me naked in a hurry. We are going to do this together, aren't we? And if you get fresh, I'm going to soak your balls in bleach."

They splashed around with the hose running and the bleach working, enjoying the sun and looking at each other. When they were almost done, she backed up against him and pressed his hand to her boob.

"Why am I getting privileges and benefits?"

"I like your seduction technique. Do you have a girlfriend?"

"She's in England."

Terry was back at the top of the stairs. "That's pretty friendly tub washing. After you start it filling, come in here and let me get the bleach off and lotion on."

They stood on a towel in the kitchen, holding hands, while Terry busily washed off all the important parts. Sean's equipment responded, and the two women admired it. "Sean, you are bigger everywhere than I remember. Lucy, I think the delicate skin here may have been burned by the bleach. Apply some lotion while I work on you."

Lucy had one continuous giggle as she poured lotion into her palms and stroked his ever lengthening cock. "Hmm. I haven't done this in a while. My high school boyfriend used to read to me about hand jobs and then make me practice on him."

Terry had her own slippery hands in Lucy's crotch, her eyes wide with appreciation at the size of Sean's erection. "Lucy, that's a dangerous tool you have in your hands."

Lucy used her tongue on Terry and then on Sean. "Very dangerous. And I haven't had my first date with him yet." She shivered and looked down at Terry. "Unless you are planning on getting me off, you'd better stop that."

Terry straightened up and stripped out of her clothes. "I think I have dry skin problems, let's go in the bedroom and work on them."

She spread a large beach towel on the queen size bed and lay back on it. A little saggy in the boobs. A little thick in the middle. Otherwise a fit athletic body. Lucy and Sean crouched on either side and applied lotion. Terry's generous nipples popped out on the second pass of Sean's fingers. Her pussy gushed on Lucy's fingers moments later. "Keep going. You are doing a wonderful job."

Sean reached over and closed with Lucy for a hot kiss. His fingers never stopped massaging the firm breasts and stretching the nipples to full extension. His mouth lowered to Terry's and his tongue dueled with hers. Lucy's fingers were rhythmically thrusting back and forth in the squishy cunt.

Lucy asked, "You are hotter than a pistol, Aunt Terry, what's with your love life.?"

Terry laughed and gave a few low moans to show the action was getting to her. "The short version is I haven't had one for a while."

Lucy said, "Roll over, we need to do your back and legs."

Sean's cock was big and purple, shining with the lotion Lucy put on it. Lucy drizzled more lotion down Terry's spine and rubbed it lower and lower with her fingers. Sean was working the tits from above and biting her neck muscle gently. The moans weren't so quiet anymore. Lucy's hand was in between the globes of Terry's ass, working the lotion in and around her intimate parts. She nodded at Sean's big cock and gestured toward Terry's visibly wet and ready pussy. He raised his eyebrows and she nodded and mouthed, "Now!" at him. 

Based on the experience of one morning's activity, Sean drove his massive tool fully into Terry's waiting sex. The musical warbling note as she was penetrated brought smiles to Lucy and Sean's faces.

Terry groaned out, "Sean, your mom will kill me for this, but when I saw that big cock flopping around in the tub, I just had to have it. More, please, lots more."

She clenched on him with a big howl and shuddered in a massive orgasm, collapsing under his weight as he drove the extreme length of his cock into her and unloaded spurt after spurt.

Lucy clung to them and praised the effort. "That was so good. You came together. Most people don't. I don't think I ever have. Did you save some for me?" she asked plaintively.

Sean and Terry were bathed in sweat and come and smeared it on Lucy. Terry said, "We can't deprive her, Sean, she needs sex as much as I do."
