 "Well!" Angie exclaimed. "Miss blushing bride has turned slut!"

"Maybe not slut," Glenda explained, "but let's say I've just expanded my horizons!"

I looked at Jeff and he was grinning like a Cheshire cat. I was struggling to keep up with this conversation. A friendly end-of-season party was turning into an all-out orgy. My mind was racing. 

"OK, so you girls want to go on with this. You want to party. Am I right?" I asked.

They looked at one another and grinned. 

"And I've got a confession," said Glenda, preparing to try to shock us all again. She moved up real close to Angie putting her hands on Angie's naked shoulders.

"I was sooo hot when you were peeling my panties off. I so much wanted you to lick me. I could feel your breath and I think I would have come then and there. I've never even thought about another woman touching me."

"I figured you were a bit excited. I could see you were real wet," replied Angie. She lifted her arms and allowed her hands to brush Glenda's breasts. "I've got a confession, too. I really wanted to taste you. But I didn't know how you might react. And I couldn't break the spell we were casting on the guys. But I know now."

I thought we were about to lose the girls to one another, but Glenda broke her trance and turned back to us. 

"And there's another fantasy I can fulfil now," she announced. "I've often wondered how a tandem ride would feel. Well, I'm going to find out."

"A what?" Angie's jaw was about as slack as mine. Jeff just grinned stupidly.

"Jeff and I just love anal," Glenda explained. "It's our special treat when we're both feeling particularly hot with one another. But sometimes when we're hard at it, my pussy feels kinda left out. I tried a vibrator once, but it's just too hard to concentrate. And, anyway, a machine is no substitute for the real thing." Her hand brushed Jeff's fast-rising cock. "I see I'm getting to you. You're not jealous?"

"How can I be? I hope I'll be able to be part of that fantasy."

"Oh, you're a big part of it." She dropped to her knees and quickly took his cock into her mouth. She sucked him for just a few moments, then stood up again. "Well, let's go."

"Just hold it a minute." Angie held up her hand. "You take Jeff in your anus?"

"Yeah, of course. Jeff started playing with my little hole after we'd been dating for about six months. Just rubbing around and sometimes licking when he was eating me. The first time, I couldn't believe the feeling. It was so strong. But I was all hung up about it being right. But he just kept stimulating me and finally I decided, hey fuck it. The feeling's so great. Then one day he slipped a finger right inside me and I nearly came on the spot. And we never turned back." She paused. "Don't you do anal?"


"No. I never thought about it and Pete never tried anything." She turned to me. I shrugged.

"I thought about it," I said, "but I didn't know how you would take it."

"Well," said Glenda, "now's a good time to start. We're right in the middle of an orgy. Someone might sneak up on you from behind and you'd better be ready."

"I'm not going out there and have Mike attack my arse hole," snorted Angie.

"Then we better get you started before we go back out there. Do you have some lubricant? You'll need it."

"In the bedside table," I said. "Angie? What do you think?" "Hey, you know me. Try anything once. I'm just curious how we never tried it before. Too busy having fun, I guess."

In a flash I was up the stairs and back down again with the tube. 

"I gotta tell you, it hurts a bit the first few times," warned Glenda. "But it'll feel a whole lot better if you can really relax. You're among friends." She suddenly burst into a fit of giggles. "There I was being so shocked about your swinging and your vibrators and strip tease. Now the tables are turned."

"You choose your words, don't you," said Angie. "But and whole take on a whole - if you get my drift - new meaning." We all laughed.

"OK, Angie," Glenda took charge again. "Maybe if you lean over the kitchen table here. Pete. I think a little heavy petting might be in order. Get the girl all warmed up."

I came behind Angie and began to stroke her bottom cheeks, gradually working my hands towards her little puckered hole. I bent down and kissed her cheeks, letting my tongue wander over her soft, warm skin. Angie moved her bottom, pushing it slightly towards me, encouraging me. My tongue flicked across her aanus and I felt her move. She let out a sigh. I let a little saliva drip on her hole and massaged it with my finger. I felt her begin to relax and my finger slipped in just a fraction. I worked it slowly, applying just a little pressure. Her muscles responded to the invasion and I pulled out, replacing finger with tongue. Again she relaxed. 

We played for about five minutes. It seemed like forever. Glenda was stroking Angie's face. 

"You'll love it. It's just the best feeling," she explained.

Jeff handed me the tube of lubricant. I warmed some in my hand, spread some over Angie's anus and smoothed some more onto my finger. Then I re-applied the pressure. This time the muscles relaxed and the finger slipped in to my first knuckle. I stopped and massaged some more. Again she relaxed. Finally, the last layers of her sphincter muscles began to relax and I had an easy passage. I began to stroke in and out. Angie responded, pushing her arse out to meet my strokes, burying my finger right inside her. 


"Oh, my god," she sighed. I replaced my finger with a broad thumb, constantly massaging her passage as I stroked in and out.

Glenda came around the table, crawled between Angie's legs and stroked my semi-rigid cock. I was turned on like crazy but I was concentrating so hard on helping Angie to relax that my cock was nowhere near ready for action. Glenda wrapped her mouth around my pole and began to suck. Now I came to attention fast. I could feel her tongue swirling around the head and flicking the opening. 

"I think you need to warm Angie up a bit more," she said and guided my cock into Angie's wet pussy. I stroked in and out a few times. I could feel cock and thumb through the thin membrane between Angie's passages. 

"Do it," yelled Angie. "Fuck my anus, please." She was pushing back hard against me. She bent her knees to improve the angle and I rubbed more lubricant into her hole. Then I pulled out of her dripping pussy, wiped more lube onto my cock and pressed it to her rear hole. Then I pushed forward. Just a little slipped in and Angie arched her back.

"Aaaarrggh," she cried.

I stopped. "Am I hurting you?"

"Just go, go. Push. Get it into me."

I did as I was told. Now the head was in. And slowly, slowly my cock disappeared inside her. She pushed back, yelling now. I couldn't tell if it was pain or pleasure. 

Glenda was back in front of Angie now, stroking her face.

"How is it," she asked. 

"Oh my god. Oohhh. Aaarrrgghhh. Oh, it's so big. I'm full to bursting."

She was pushing back, meeting my strokes, burying my cock in her. I couldn't last long. The feeling was so intense. Angie's smooth rear hole was like nothing I had ever felt. 

I gripped Angie's hips and shoved forward, groaning and began pumping my come deep inside her. 

"Ohhh, Wow You're coming in my anus," Angie exclaimed. "Oh. That's sooo good."

For a while no one moved. Both Angie and I were covered in sweat and breathing heavily. Then, slowly, my cock slipped out and I hugged Angie, helping her to stand up straight again.

"Well, we better go and break the good news to those guys," I said. "They must be wondering what in hell we've been up to,"

"If they haven't left already," offered Angie.

But they had not. As we returned to the room, three faces looked at us expectantly from their seats. It was helped in large measure by the fact that the girls were still naked. Angie was walking a bit strangely.

"It seems our girls just can't get enough," I explained. "But we need to make it clear. We can all have a lot of fun this afternoon, but no one gets hurt. One of the girls says 'stop' and you stop, no matter what. OK? And no one does anything without asking first."

The guys nodded enthusiastically and began slowly stroking their rapidly rising cocks again.

"So where do we start," Glenda looked at Angie and giggled again.

"Well, poor old Bob missed out on the action last time. Maybe we should start with him. Feel like sharing?"

The girls moved towards Bob sitting back on one of the sofas with Johnno. He had been stroking his cock but now stopped and watched as the two women descended upon him. His eyes were about to pop out of his head.

Jeff and I retired to the lounge chairs to watch the show and slowly stroke our limp cocks. Johnno jumped up from the sofa to make way for the girls.

"I think he needs a hand," Angie said to Glenda. They both dropped to their knees in front of him and reached out to take over stroking him. He wasn't long enough to accommodate both, so the girls took turns and then Glenda slowly leaned forward and ran her tongue over the head of Bob's rod. He groaned. Angie joined in the tongue work and soon Bob's cock was shining with saliva and stretched to the limit in his hardness.

First Angie and then Glenda changed position to suck on his cock and push their butts out into the room provocatively. We all stared at two pouting pussies. Johnno and Mike stared. Their eyes were moving between the action around Bob's slippery cock and the girls' bottoms. Slowly they moved forward, dropping to their knees and carefully fondling the upturned cheeks. The girls both sighed in between sucking and licking, wiggling their rear ends to encourage the guys. They needed very little and both quickly pushed their hard cocks in as far as they could go. Mike took his chance to experience Glenda for the first time while Johnno enjoyed Angie's hot, very wet hole.

With Mike and Johnno pumping away, the girls licking slurping and sucking and Bob sighing and rolling his eyes, Jeff and I were left to amuse ourselves. We watched the show in awe. The action became fast and furious. Mike, as usual, was first to come although he lasted somewhat longer than he did around Angie. Then Bob yelled. His face screwed up in apparent agony, though I don't doubt it was pure pleasure. Both girls backed away for a moment, waiting. The first spurt of his cream shot straight in the air and landed back on his groin. Glenda shot her tongue out as the second, less powerful spurt rose from his cockhead. She lapped it up and allowed Angie access for the next explosion. Then the girls' tongues mingled over his cock, licking, slurping and sucking him clean and empty. Then they turned to one another. Both had Bob's come on their cheeks and lips and they proceeded to lick one another clean. 

The sight was almost too much for Jeff and me. We almost had to cross our legs to stop from coming on the spot. Johnno couldn't hold out any longer and buried his cock as deep as it would go inside Angie as he let out a low growl to indicate he, too, had reached his climax.

Show over, Glenda was the first to her feet as Bob lay back, exhausted. She came up to us and grasped Jeff's semi-hard cock.

"You know what I want now," she whispered seductively.

"Good grief woman! You're ready to go again? Already?"

"If you're up to it," said Glenda, squeezing his hardening cock. "But we'll need a little massage to get me ready, OK?"

While Angie came over to sit on the arm of my chair, Glenda splayed herself on her stomach on the empty sofa, one leg pushed into its back and the other hanging over the egde. Jeff sat beside her and softly began to massage her arse cheeks. Glenda sighed. Slowly his hand worked between her spread cheeks and ran softly around the pink pucker of her anus. 

We all watched, transfixed, as his fingers ranged between that little hole and her soaking pussy, stroking the soft skin of her perineum as he went. His fingers picked up some of the moisture from her pussy and spread it around her anus, then back to her pussy for more. With his fingers soaked in a heady mix of Glenda's juices and Mike's semen, he began to press a finger into her anus. She pushed her body back to him, helping him to push past the first knuckle. They stopped for a moment and then Jeff began a slow movement in an out with his finger until it slid effortlessly from tip to end. Then he added a second. Slowly at first and then, as his passage eased, more vigorously.

Glenda's breathing, getting stronger, dominated the room. No one moved but every eye was focussed on one tiny place.

And then Glenda turned over.

"Sit here big boy," she said to Jeff, patting a spot in the middle of the sofa. She turned to the rest of us. 

"Watch this," she said as she straddled Jeff's lap, facing us, grasped his raging cock and lowered herself slowly on to it. She winced for a moment as the head pressed against the entrance but she soon smiled as it slid deeper and deeper into her rectum. Within a minute she had engulfed Jeff's cock and began to ride it. Her legs were splayed lewdly, giving all of us a clear view of the action and her puffy, empty pussy.

"Can I borrow your man, Angie?" Glenda asked. "The other guys have all had their turn at us."

"I'm sure if you ask him nicely," Angie grinned. She leaned over and massaged my already hard cock briefly. "Looks like he is raring to go."

I didn't need to be asked. I jumped out of my chair and headed across to the wanton couple.

"How do you want to do this?" I asked.

"Hey, this is new territory for us, too," said Glenda. "Just get that rod of yours into me any way you can."

We tried a couple of angles but quickly I found a comfortable position and slid my cock into her slick pussy. Then Jeff and Glenda and I began a slow motion, trying to find a rhythm. It didn't take long and soon enough Jeff and I were both thrusting hard and strong. 

"Well, honey, how does it feel," Jeff's voice came from behind her.

"Incredible," she panted. "I'm so full. It feels like I'm on fire down there. It's a rush." I was worried I couldn't last very long after watching the action of the past half hour or so. Glenda saw the strain on my face.

"Don't come inside me, Pete," she said. "Will you come on my breasts?"

I nodded. I couldn't speak. I pulled out of her and climbed up to stand on the sofa beside the rutting couple. Glenda grasped my slippery cock and ran her long slim fingers from head to base.

"Are you ready?" she asked.

"Not quite, but I'm close," I grunted.

"Let's see if I can help." She pulled me closer and engulfed my cock in her mouth. Now I knew what Bob had experienced. The heat and pressure were almost unbearably delicious.

I looked over to Angie. She was still sitting on the arm of my chair, but her legs were spread wide to accommodate Bob's face planted on her labia. Both her hands were busy as she stroked Mike and Johnno back to life.

Then I felt the inevitable explosion building in my balls.

"I'm gonna come," I warned Glenda.

She pulled me from her mouth and pointed my cock at her breasts as I yelled my release, spraying ribbons of hot semen across her breasts.

"Yessss," Glenda cried.

I collapsed back on the sofa and turned to watch Angie drop to the floor on hands and knees, taking Johnno's cock into her mouth while Bob positioned himself behind her to push his raging hard-on deep inside her.

The next half an hour was a blur of sounds and smells. Grunts, sighs, screams of pleasure mingled with the squishy noise of cocks and fingers in very well lubricated holes.

And then it was over. Heavy breathing as everyone worked to recover.

I don't know that we'll ever have another orgy like that one, but Angie and I have found another couple to share our sexual fantasies. Glenda and Jeff are wonderfully imaginative and skilled. In fact, they're coming over for a meal next Saturday and I'm getting hard just thinking about it.