 Marv and Annette had just finished their swim as they walked into Marv's suite. They heard giggling and moaning coming from one of the bedrooms. They went to look and saw Patti together with her concierge Ron. They were joined by another smokin hot woman, who was with another young, well-built stud. Marv had not met them before. Patti was apparently having a great time. She looked up and saw him, "Hi baby, I hope you are having as much fun as I am. Everyone, this is my husband Marv and his concierge Annette. Feel free to join us baby, we will be going all night."

"We will dear, just not right now." He took Annette and walked her into the other bedroom. He really loved the fact that their unit had two bedrooms. It made it convenient, particularly in situations like this.

"Your wife is stunning Marv. If she tastes as good as she looks, hopefully, I'll be in pussy heaven. She could have been a showgirl. My God, she has the most wonderful legs and ass. Her tits are perfect. I'm impressed."

"And I'm impressed with you, my dear. I want to fuck you forever. I want to feel your lips around my cock and then I want to slide inside you while you lose it crazily. Most of all, I want to dip into that spectacular ass of yours and never stop," he told her.

"I want that so much too, my dear. I love how your cock fits me perfectly. I love sex and I love orgasms but with you, I have cum so hard, so fast, and so many times today, it isn't funny. What I want the most is your hard cock pummeling my tight, hot, hungry asshole darling. I want that more than you will ever know. I don't ever want to stop," she said as she kissed him deeply.

Patti and her friend Wanda were in the other room fucking their brains out. Her concierge Ron had his cock deep in Patti's ass while Wanda was licking her long, oh so sensitive clit. Wanda's young man was sliding his cock in and out of Wanda's hot, tight pussy. They were having a wonderful time. 

Patti was cumming loudly when Marv pulled Annette onto the empty bed. She immediately wrapped her lithe body around his muscular frame. Her tongue drove deep into his mouth as she felt his glorious cock fill as it pressed onto her stomach. She slid up and then back down with that fabulous cock inside her tight twat. Marv began slowly, sweetly, and lovingly, making love to her. Her sopping wet pussy was squishing as she grabbed and held onto his formidable spear. Nothing tripped her trigger more than fucking this man. He was nice and sweet as well as handsome and, in her mind, hot as hell. For his part, Marv had only one other woman in his life he loved to fuck like this and that was his wife Patti. Annette was someone special and her skills in the bedroom were outstanding. 

As he began to increase his rhythm, Annette started to cum and she clamped down on him so hard, which drove Marv wild. Each thrust became tighter and more fantastic. Her pussy was raining love all over his unbreakable cock and that just spurred him on. His hips accelerated to a hysterical pace and Annette was airborne on the mattress. Her eyes ascended into her skull but in her field of view, all she saw were the rings of Saturn. All day long, her orgasms were ideal but this one took her ecstasy quotient to a level she had never experienced before. She was certain that her belly button was kissing her spine. Would her toes ever uncurl? At this moment, she really didn't care because Marv was taking her on yet another massive orgasmic adventure. From the minute that she met him, she had wanted to fuck him, but she never thought anyone could be this good. As she screamed out this orgasm, she was thankful she had been that wrong.

Annette was not the only woman in the place screaming delightfully. Marv heard the guttural groan that had to be Patti with a strong cock reaming her asshole. He knew it would only be a few seconds before it became a high-pitched squeal then into uncontrollable shrieks of pure happiness. Like Annette, Patti was happiest with a sturdy, scorching cock in her ass. He wasn't disappointed when the walls began to shake from her screaming.

The thing Marv definitely knew was that he wanted his cock inside Annette's spectacular ass right not. He turned her over, spread her legs, raised her hips, and shoved his cock into her ass. Annette was definitely happy with that and, as Marv started to slide into her, she started moaning immediately. Whatever it was this man had, definitely worked on her. His cock was the perfect size and it was heavily veined with natural ridges that simply felt so good. Marv began slamming into her and her body responded the only way it knew how. Her orgasm began to build, and the harder, deeper, and faster he sliced into her body, her screams got progressively louder. She was pinned to the mattress with her ass gyrating wildly on his wonderful cock.

Marv looked up and saw Patti standing by the bedroom door. She was grinning widely and he knew exactly what she wanted. Marv put his arm around Annette's waist and pulled her onto her side with his cock firmly implanted in her precious ass. Patti laid down next to Annette and leaned over to lick her clit. Marv pulled Annette up and over Patti who wasted no time licking Annette's well-fucked pussy. Annette loved having a gorgeous woman licking her clit while her husband was fucking her tender ass.

Annette looked down and was amazed at what she saw. Patti's perfectly bare pussy was only inches from her face and it looked delicious. When she saw the very large, puffy, two-inch clit standing proud, she knew exactly what she had to do. She immediately licked her slick slit, tasting a blend of two men's sperm, which she savored delightfully. Her lips closed over Patti's delicious clit and unlike what she would do with most women; Annette started to suck Patti's clit as if it were a cock. Patti exploded and started cumming immediately. Marv was drilling Annette's ass spectacularly and she was cumming as well. Annette didn't stop sucking and Patti did not intend to stop her orgasms any time soon. 

"Marv, this woman is incredible. Now I know why you haven't been by the pool all day," Patti giggled just before she dove back into Annette's sweet pussy. "Darling, I don't blame you one bit," she said as another massive climax took her breath away. 

Annette was on fire and she felt Marv begin to swell. There was no way she was not going to get this prize. She lifted herself off Patti and scooted around, dropping to her knees. She reached for Marv's fine cock and inhaled it instantly. She felt his hands at the sides of her head and he began to fuck her mouth quickly and deeply. Annette couldn't be happier as his balls rose dramatically in preparation for the explosion she knew was on its way. She closed her lips tightly around his thick shaft just as the first massive blast of his sweet, salty seed, graced her mouth. He was drowning her and she was absorbing him fiercely not losing a single drop. As his eruptions lessened, she continued to swallow wonderfully. His cock never left her tender lips and as he softened, she closed her lips tightly and milked the last sweet drops from him.

"Wow," Patti exclaimed, "what she did to me coupled with what I just saw you receive, we should take this wonderful creature home with us at the end of the week. Girl, you are amazing."

A few minutes later, the other three people joined them and the next few hours turned into a lovely orgy that satisfied everyone.

Gary and Jeremy went to fix drinks for everyone when they arrived from the airport. Rashad, Jamal, and Chris were blown away with Connie's house. They stepped into the house, which Arne was more than happy to show them. He was a huge fan and had been for years, long before he figured out that they, too, were the stars of some of Gary's hottest stories. He knew everything about their careers right down to their stats. After the tour, they walked out onto the pool deck. Gary handed them their drinks.

Chris turned to Red, "Girl, the two of you are fucking amazing. I've seen what you did at Gary's, not only for the main house but Jill's as well. We've definitely seen nearly every suite in Las Vegas and again, there, you blew our minds. What you have done here is beyond words. I've never been so impressed in my life."

Red and Nancy were beaming. "Why thank you kind sir, we may just have to fuck you three into submission for those kind words."

"Like you hadn't planned on it anyway," Rose giggled.

Cherry started to laugh. She looked over to Gina and Brianna and smiled. "Girls, help me out here please, I know I am not a pilot but I've been in the cockpit a few times and I know there is a switch in there that does something pretty amazing. What is it called?"

Jill fell on the pool deck laughing. Mark, Gary, and Jeremy followed suit too. 

Gina batted her eyes innocently, "I don't know Cherry, are you talking about the autopilot?"

"Yes, I knew it had some funky name. I have two questions. What exactly is the purpose of this device? And the second question I'm interested in is, did you have the need to engage said device on the trip from LA to here"

By now, everyone was laughing so hard. Rose thought Gary was going to hurt himself. Mark almost rolled into the pool and Jeremy was seriously holding his side.

"Cherry darling," Brianna giggled, "we had three of the hottest men on earth on our flight. What do you think?"

"I dunno, I guess I am a little curious when you decided it was time to turn the auto pilot on? Oh wait, I bet I know. You turned it on when Red and Nancy were totally exhausted because they had fucked these three for what, two hours?"

"No baby, it was more like three hours," Gina laughed. 

Cherry lost it. "You're all busted. I love it."

Mark and Gary were gasping for breath. Jill had mascara streaming down her face and Michelle and Holly just sat there shaking their heads.

'Connie, baby, get used to this. This is how we roll darling. I get up every single day and pray that this lifestyle, with all of our friends, never changes one bit. Mika you need to know that Gina and Brianna are two of our pilots but they are also the proud owners of two of the sweetest, tightest pussies you'll ever find. We love them to death. Rashad, Jamal, and Chris are three of the most special people in our world. Cherry owns their ass but, you have to love this girl, she likes to share," Michelle told them.

"So let the sharing begin," Connie laughed. "Do I have to call Jim to let him know? He's in charge of 'certifications' and I do believe he told me the only three I've missed doing are right here, right now. I've been waiting for this for a long, long time. With their schedules and Gary's, I kept missing them. I'm not going to wait any longer."

Holly started to laugh. "Trust me darling, when it starts, he will know." She was giggling as she held up one of the tablets. "I know my guy so well. He'll not only know; he'll be watching too. Hell, we all will be."

Cherry walked up to her guys and only said one thing, "Everything you do to me, you make damned sure you do to Connie. When you think you are finished, think again. Mika needs to be 'certified' too."

"Cherry, you know we love you dearly. Each one of us would lay down our lives for you. You know that. Before we ever met you, we were reading Gary's stories, many of which, none of you have ever read because he lost so many stories due to a computer crash many years ago. The three of us have waited so long to do this wonderful woman it isn't even funny. Trust me when I tell you, this will be as much fun for us as it will be for Connie. She is going to get the complete treatment sweetheart," Jamal, told her. "So will Mika. I know she has yet to be 'certified' by the rest of the group but hey, this lady gets to start with the best."

"Baby, you just made me so happy," Cherry beamed. "Darling, you better get undressed, they are starting without you."

"Do I look worried? This is going to go on for hours, baby. Everyone had better get busy because it's party time," he smiled as he removed his shirt.

"Fuck, I love those abs," Cherry moaned.

"Guess I still have a wife for the next few hours then," Mark giggled as he grabbed her and tossed her into the pool. She sputtered to the surface fully dressed and laughing her ass off. 

That started the rest of the people getting naked and having fun. 

Tabitha, Inga, and John walked around the large main area seeing things they hadn't seen before. They came upon a building. "What is in here," Tabitha asked.

"It is one of five very comfortable x-rated movie houses on the island. It is open around the clock. One of the owners is the head of the largest Asian Porn Studios on the planet. The movies are so hot. People love to go into the theater and fuck and suck for hours. It is a lot of fun. 

There is also a very special blowjob room with gloryholes and rope stairs. That setup makes sucking cock very sweet. 

Then, there is, what I call the 'Pièce De Résistance'. In there is a room where you walk in and it is pitch black. Usually the room has many people in it. You cannot see anything. All you can do is feel. The floors are actually mattresses. When you are inside, the only thing you will be able to see is a very faint LED rope light that will guide you to the exit. Normally when you come out, you are caked in cum and happy as hell. I love it in there," John told them.

"Ohmigod, that sounds so hot. I know it is late but I want to go in there. How will I know I am with you John," Tabitha asked.

"If we go in there and you are holding my hand, you will know it is me. If you let go of my hand, you may think you're with me but chances are, you won't be. That is the beauty of it. You don't know who you are doing. Many men go in there because they want to suck cock and they don't want to be seen doing it. Personally, I don't understand that. I love cock as much as I do love pussy. I don't care who sees me with a cock in my mouth or one in my ass."

"Okay, so you are saying it is a given that we are going to be separated. Where will I find you when I come out," Tabitha asked.

"I will be by the main pool, my dear," John told her.

"What about you Inga," Tabitha asked.

"Baby, my pussy is dripping already. I want to experience all of it. Let's go watch a movie and then hit that blowjob room. We can finish the night in the dark room. When we have finished with this, we can go back to your suite and fuck ourselves silly."

They walked into the theater and, just as John said, it was about two-thirds full, and people were fucking themselves silly. They found seating which was beyond comfortable and Inga noticed that the floors were padded.

"Darling, we don't want you hurting your knees when you're sucking cock or licking pussy," John told her.

"That's good because darling, the one thing I have not done today is suck your cock and now, I want you to sit back, watch this movie and enjoy," she said as she kissed him deeply and slipped to her knees.

Tabitha turned his head and she kissed him lovingly and deeply as Inga started to work what could only be described as a miracle on his cock. John started moaning almost immediately. "Is it as good as I think it is," Tabitha whispered.

"Oh my Lord, I've never had a blowjob like this in my life. I can't even describe how wonderful this feels," he told her.

Tabitha kissed him again and stroked his chest and abdomen as Inga had his hard cock ready to explode. 

Inga looked up into his eyes as her mouth and lips drove John to heights of bliss he had never experienced before. Looking down into her eyes and seeing this gorgeous woman sucking and swirling her tongue along and around his manhood was one of the most beautiful things he had ever seen. Then as she was looking deep into his eyes, she took him right into her throat. He could feel her tongue glide along the sensitive base of his cock and it was amazing. With his cock deep in her throat, he watched her open her mouth and he could feel her licking his balls. No one had ever done that to him before. 

Suddenly, he was out of her throat and she was licking and bathing his cock with her lips and tongue. What she did was blow his mind so fully and completely that he couldn't hold back much longer. She opened her mouth and his cock disappeared, yet again, right into her throat. He had never had anything to equal this ever.

With her eyes still locked on his, she opened her mouth placing the head of his delicious cock right on her tongue. She knew he was ready. She had felt his cock expand and his legs begin to quiver. Her eyes begging him, and John, always the gentleman, gave her what she craved. He grabbed Tabitha's hand and his cock erupted, sending massive ropes of his hot cum into Inga's hungry mouth. She was swallowing furiously as John's cock burst forth with his sweet seed. Inga was staggered by the ferocity of his orgasm but she loved it. She kept swallowing as his scrotum unleashed a fury he had never experienced either. Inga took his cock deep into her hot, sweet mouth and she started to suck the last of his sweetness from his glorious shaft. 

His hand was shaking in Tabitha's hand and she had never seen anyone cum that hard before. John reached down and took Inga's hand, pulling her to her feet. He was still shaking as he held her. He looked into those delicious blue eyes, as he kissed her sweetly, deeply, and passionately. 

"I don't know what to say other than thank you from the bottom of my heart. I've had bad blowjobs, good blowjobs, and great blowjobs, but I have never had one like that in my life. Girl, you are amazing."

"Baby, get used to them because I plan on sucking your cock so much this week. I will teach you and Tabitha exactly what it is that I do and you both will be able to give those kinds of blowjobs. I want to make sure you are both as good at it as I am. I also plan to teach the two of you how to do a woman the way I did Tabitha earlier today. When I leave here, I want you to be as good as I am darling so I'll get my concierge in the morning and we will start training. I love watching good-looking men suck cock. It gets me so wet," Inga told him right before she kissed him deeply yet again.

She turned and saw Tabitha who sat there mesmerized. Her nipples were so hard and Inga could see that her thighs were wet. She kissed John one more time before she walked over to Tabitha. She knelt down and spread her legs, opening her hot, delicious pussy. Inga craved the taste of Tabitha's hotbox and she wasted no time getting her face wet. 

John sat next to Tabitha as Inga started, yet again, to take her to paradise. John was stroking Tabitha's hair lovingly. She turned her face and kissed him with passion and lust. John started to stroke her body lightly, sweetly, and erotically. Tabitha was going crazy. Inga was doing her in the theater and she was reliving what John had just experienced earlier. Inga's face was glued to her pussy and, without any visible motion, was taking Tabitha right out of this solar system. Tabitha was biting John's lips, sucking his tongue, squeezing his hand and cumming harder and deeper than she did earlier. John caressed her breasts and her nipples were sticking straight out. John leaned over and took one into his mouth and began to lick it very gently. He wanted to lick her nipple just as Inga did sucking his cock. Tabitha went off like the proverbial Roman candle. She was gasping for air, moaning, eventually screaming as Inga delivered her another mind-bending, heart-stopping otherworldly orgasm. Tabitha was mush. 

Connie was dripping wet and stuffed full of hot, huge, big black cocks and she was ecstatic. She had wanted to fuck thee three men since she read the first chapter of Cherry Takes on the NFL many years ago. Long before she ever met Cherry, she was jealous of these three men in her life. Connie knew the three amigos intimately and she loved each one of them. Suddenly, this smokin hot stripper enters the picture and the whole thing is turned on its head. The more she read, the more she wanted to fuck each one of them senseless. Now, she was and she could not have been happier.
