 My wife and I, being in our early 50’s, have had some different sexual experiences over the years.  We have swung a little and had many threesomes and foursomes.  What happened at the season’s ending party for the girl’s baseball team was totally unexpected.

My wife and I had supported the town’s girl’s baseball team almost from its start.  The girl’s ranged between 18 and 21 years old and lived, not only in town but in the surrounding area on farms and ranches.  At the end of each season, one of the supporters always held a special day for the girls.  This year is was our turn so we picked a Saturday, late in September, to have the team and their parents over for a pool party.  

The day arrived and by late afternoon, all of the team had arrived and a few of their parents too.  We served up a mean meal and then settled down with the other parents while the girls and their friends frolicked in and around the pool.  I noticed several of the girls had very nice bodies and with the swimsuits they had on, their assets were accentuated, to say the least.  Slowly by 8 o’clock, some of the parents left and only a few of the girls.  By 9 o’clock, there were only 4 of the girls left and two sets of parents. 

We were all starting to feel the drinks a little as the day was hot and the drinks were soothing.  As my wife and the other parents continued talking, I was watching the girls more and more.  My mind was spinning a little as I watched the four of them swim and dive.  I realized that I was getting hard just watching them.  I very quickly excused myself and went inside to fix some more drinks.  As I was standing in the kitchen, one of the girls came in and asked for another soda.  I’m sure my mouth must have fallen open because here standing in front of me was a 20 year old farm girl, her nipples sticking out and hard, her suit clinging in all the right places, smiling at me as I tried to hide my astonishment.

I was afraid that she would notice my hard cock straining against my shorts so I quickly turned away, looking for the soda in the fridge.  As I turned around to give her the drink, she was right behind me.  She had a big grin on her face and was looking down at my crotch, running her tongue over her lips very seductively.  I tried to look away but I couldn’t.  Here was a sensual girl, inches from me, looking at my hard on.

She looked up teasingly and asked, “You like what you see, don’t you Mr. Jones and I bet you’d like to see more, wouldn’t you?”  I didn’t say anything.  She stepped back a little and ran her hands up her body to her breasts and started caressing them, all the while, watching me to see what my reaction would be.  My cock got a little bit harder as I watched this young wench caress herself.  She closed her eyes and licked her lips, groaning a little as she continued massaging her chest.  She ran a hand down her front into her crotch and spread her legs, rubbing her cunt through her suit.  

I still couldn’t believe what was happening.  She was groaning and moaning more now as she pulled her suit bottom aside and started finger fucking herself as I watched. 

She opened her eyes and immediately looked down at my cock.  Reaching out, she started to rub it through my shorts as she continued to finger fuck herself.  I groaned a little at her touch and she knew then, that she had me and I would do anything to get into her young, juicy cunt.  We were interrupted though as another of the girls came in.  She saw us standing in the kitchen and stopped in her tracks.  She stood there and watched us for a minute and then came slowly into the kitchen and reached out to grab the first girl’s breasts.  She moved in to kiss the first girl and the three of us were in the throes of coming together.  

I suddenly realized what was happening and I stepped away from the two girls.  “Girls, this can’t happen,” I started.  “Your parents are right outside and I don’t think they would appreciate their daughters getting fucked while they were around.”   Cindy, the first girl giggled and looked over at Joan.  “My parents don’t mind,” she said.  “They have seen me getting fucked before and have even joined in.”  I couldn’t believe what I had just heard.  This young girl was admitting that she was in an incest relationship with her parents and didn’t think anything about it.  Joan spoke up just then.  “I’ve been over at Cindy’s place when she was fucked by her father and mother and have joined them many times.”  

Now this was getting serious.  Cindy, being the bolder of the two, looked at me and teasingly said, “Would you like me to show you?”  “What about the other parents that are still here?” I asked.  She replied, “Oh, they have been over at our place many times and have had me to.”  I decided, maybe against my better judgement, to take her up on her dare and told her so.  “Will your wife get upset?” Cindy asked.  “Well, I guess we’ll have to find out, won’t we.”

The two girls turned around and headed out to the pool with me closely behind them.  Of course, I made sure that I had fresh drinks in my hands as I came out onto the desk.  I put the drinks down and watched the two girls.  None of the other parents seemed to notice anything as they continued laughing and talking.  Cindy walked over to the edge of the pool and slowly pulled her swimsuit off, stepping out of it and quickly diving into the pool.  Joan followed her, stripping her suit off and jumping in after Cindy.  They both surfaced and moved to the shallow end.  

Cindy laid on her back on the stairs as Joan got over her, lowering herself down on top of Cindy.  They started kissing and caressing each other.  I was watching the two girls as they continued and suddenly noticed that the other two girls had stripped off their suits and were heading over to join Joan and Cindy.  I watched the four of them as they kissed and caressed each other in the shallow water.

I suddenly realized that the conversation between the parents had stopped and I looked around.  All of them were watching the girls and I could see some hard cocks starting to rise in the men’s pants.  One of the women was slowly rubbing her hand across her breasts as she watched the four girls.  My wife was watching the girls intently and I knew what she was thinking.  She hadn’t been with a woman for many years and had always said that she missed it very much.  I looked back at the girls and then back at the parents.  

I cleared my throat and got their attention.  “Anyone for a swim?” I asked.  All of them smiled and many of them nodded in approval.  I stood up and shed my clothes.  The other were right behind me and the six of us, jumped into the pool, naked and horny.  

When we surfaced, all the girls had grins on their faces and were coming towards us.  Cindy and Joan headed right for me and I had two naked nymphs, groping my cock and kissing me.  I didn’t have time to look around as they started pulling me towards the shallow end.  I had two sets of hands rubbing my cock and when we got into the shallow water, they rolled me over on my back, Cindy engulfing my cock in her mouth.  Joan moved up beside me and we started kissing, sucking on each other’s tongue and caressing each other.  

Cindy was very good at fellatio and had me on the edge very quickly.  She took my cock out of her mouth and moved up to straddle me, impaling herself on my cock.  She lowered herself until I was completely inside her and then started bobbing up and down.  Joan, in the meantime, had moved up to place her sweet, wet cunt over my mouth and was grinding it into my face.  I could hear some moans and groans coming from the others but couldn't’ see them.

Because of the good job Cindy had done sucking my cock, I didn’t last long and was spurting my warm come up inside her after a few minutes.  I had my tongue deep inside Joan’s cunt as I came and groaned into her cunt.  Joan just ground her cunt harder onto my face as I emptied myself into Cindy.  After I was finished, Cindy got off me and took my softening cock in her mouth, licking and sucking it clean.  

Joan finally came in my mouth, sending her juices onto my tongue.  She moaned loudly when she came and I heard someone else coming at the same time.  Joan got off me and Cindy stopped sucking my cock.  Now I had a chance to look around and the pool was full of fucking people.  My wife was sitting on the edge of the pool as Cindy’s father ate her cunt.  One of the mothers was standing astride her while my wife lapped at her cunt.  The woman was caressing her breasts and moaning loudly as my wife ate her.  It was a very erotic scene.  I looked around and the other parents were busy too.  The father was fucking one of the other girls, who was on her hands and knees on the pool desk.  The mother was eating the other girl’s cunt while she sat near the edge of the pool on one of the steps of the ladder.  The girl had her legs wrapped around the woman’s head as she floated in the water.         

Cindy and Joan had moved beside me again and Joan had her head buried between Cindy’s thighs.  I could see her tongue as she licked and sucked on Cindy’s clit, making her groan loudly.  The woman my wife was eating was coming and she yelped in pleasure as her juices filled my wife’s mouth.  My wife was coming also and was savagely lapping at the woman above her.  The girl on the deck was the next one to come as the father plowed in and out of her with a big, hard cock.  Soon everyone else started coming and the girl in the pool was the loudest of them all, yelling out that she was coming.

After a few minutes of rest, my wife said very loudly, so everyone could hear her, “I want you all to fuck me.”  With that she moved back on the desk and spread her legs wantonly.  She plowed a finger up her cunt and started finger fucking herself.  “I need a cock,” she yelled.  She didn’t have to wait long as the father in the pool quickly got out and aimed his hard cock at her cunt, entering her in a single thrust.  

My wife wrapped her legs around the man and pulled him into her with her feet against his ass.  He started plowing in and out of her making her yell even louder.  One of the girls moved over and straddled my wife, lowering herself over my wife’s mouth, grinding her cunt into her face.  My wife reached up and held the girl down on her face and I could see her tonguing the young cunt. Now my cock had gotten hard again and I looked around for someone to fuck.  Cindy and Joan had started making love to each other again so I headed towards the girl floating at the other end of the pool.  

When I reached her, I kissed her, sticking my tongue quickly inside her mouth.  She moaned a little and I moved us up onto the desk, turning her around and thrusting my cock into her.  She yelped a little when I hit the end of her canal and started pounding in and out of her.  I wanted this young girl badly and plowed in and out of her as hard as I could.  My balls slapped against her ass every time I thrust fully into her and she started pushing back against me.  

I came in a gush, emptying myself deep inside her with a loud grunt.  She groaned when she felt my come spurting up into her, filling her hole.  I slowly pulled my cock out of her and leaned in to clean her cunt up with my tongue.  What a sweet taste she had and I wanted to tongue fuck her.  She moved over onto one of the chairs and wantonly, spread her legs, reaching out to guide me to her cunt.  I dove in and started lapping at her, sticking my tongue into her as far as I could.  She started squirming as I continued to lap at this tasty young cunt.  

As I continued, I felt someone come up behind me and start to lick my ass.  Then a hand reached around and fondled my cock and balls.  I didn’t lift my head to see who it was but continued eating the young girl.  I felt a tongue licking up and down my crack and soon a finger was inserted into my hole.  I had never had anyone fuck me and I wasn’t ready for the pain and sensation.  I yelped and pulled my face away from the young girl’s cunt.  Without looking around, I told the person behind me to be gentle and careful.  They didn’t answer but started rimming me again and inserting a finger back up into my ass hole.  

I dove back into the sweet cunt in front of me as the person behind me, started finger fucking my ass very slowly and gently.  The pain subsided very quickly and I found that I was enjoying being fucked.  I ate the young girl as best I could, but the feeling coming from my ass hole was over powering.  I soon had to give in to it, lifting my head away from the girl and just enjoying the feeling of the finger thrusting in and out of my ass.

I leaned forward a little and felt two fingers enter me.  I raised my ass up in the air and let whoever was behind me have complete access to my hole.  I still didn’t know who was behind me but I was enjoying it immensely. 

I felt the fingers being pulled out of my ass.  I moved back up to my hands and knees, still not looking behind me.  I looked up and found a very hard cock inches from my face.  I had never wanted to suck a cock before but with the feeling of being finger fucked and my own hard cock, hanging down in front of me, I took the cock and engulfed it.  I started licking and sucking up and down its length as the man stood, giving me his beautiful hard cock.  

He started to move his hips back and forth, slowly fucking my mouth with long thrusts.  As he did I felt someone at my back door again.  This time, the tongue was lapping at me, trying to enter my hole.  I felt is go pass my splinter as it felt great and fulfilling.  Suddenly, the tongue, was replaced by a hard cock.  I was about to get sandwiched by the other two fathers and, with 7 women watching me, I didn’t care.  I raised my ass a little and pushed back against the cock entering me.  The pain was slight as the fingers had loosened me up enough to get this hard cock into me without to much trouble.  

As the man pushed his cock deeper inside me, the cock in my mouth started twitching.  I knew I would soon have a mouth full of come and I wanted to taste it badly.  The cock in my ass was now slowly thrusting in and out of my ass hole as I continued letting the man in front of me, fuck my mouth. He suddenly came with a spurt of warm come that went to the back of my throat.  The taste was tangy and a little bitter but I wanted it all and I swallowed as his cock continued to spurt his hot come down my throat.  I did swallow it all and he kept his cock in my mouth as long as he could before is softened and popped out.  The man behind me was now pounding at my ass and I leaned forward a little giving him complete access to fuck me thoroughly.  

The feeling of having a hard cock explode in my mouth was exhilerating but the feeling of having a cock plunging in and out of my ass was over whelming.  The man continued for a few more thrusts until I felt his come spurting up inside my canal.  It was hot and filled my canal as he held himself against my ass as he finished emptying himself into me.  He finally pulled his cock slowly out of me and I felt his come running down my legs.

I quickly looked up and Cindy’s father was standing behind me, grinning at me.  His cock was hanging down between his legs and I could see a drop of semen on its tip.  I turned around and swallowed his cock, licking it up and down, tasting his come and my ass as I did.  

After I finished, I looked around and all the others were grinning at me and all I could do was sit down and grin back.  Before the night was over, I fucked Cindy’s father and had Joan’s father suck my cock.  All the women made love to each other many times and had the three of us men fuck them too.  After about 2 in the morning, we all decided that we had had enough and slowly and sorely, got dressed.  We hugged and kissed everyone as they left and this night was the start of a very sexy and fulfilling experience for all of us.  We spent many nights fucking and sucking after that and I can hardly wait for the next season to begin.