 The phone rang again.

This time Angie picked up the receiver.

"Hi". Pause. "Oh, that's too bad. Yes, the other girls have already called. But Bob and Johnno and Mike aren't going on the trip. So we've decided to go ahead with the party anyway. Bit top heavy with boys but what the hell." She laughed.

Three weeks ago we had decided on an end-of-year basketball team party. Most of our friends play in the local men's and women's leagues. And this year the guys had been knocked out in the first round of finals. The girls had made it through to the semis but narrowly lost to a team from the next town. So it seemed like a good time to let our hair down and celebrate - or commiserate.

Then the team that beat our girls had to withdraw from the final. A few too many injuries or something. So now our girls were into the final on a default. And, of course, the final was on the same weekend as our party. But it was too late to cancel now. Some of the guys couldn't make the 100-mile trip to the final so they were coming along. And that left us, as Angie said, a bit top heavy. Angie and Glenda were in a more junior team than most of our friends and their team had not even gotten into the final rounds. 

So we had just the two girls, me, Glenda's husband Jeff as well as Bob, Johnno and Mike for what was sure to be a much more subdued Saturday lunch party at our home.

Fortunately it is quite a large two-storey house with a large timber deck area out back and an enormous lounge/dining room that boasts a wonderful open fireplace at one end. In winter, this is our hangout whenever we're at home. Given our social circle, it is not often enough for us. But we have fun.

Angie loves to entertain, so she had been cooking up a storm most of the week. We had not decided if we would eat around the table on the broad timber deck out back or in our big entertaining room. The weather would dictate. We prayed for sunshine and, of course, it turned out to be a dull, chilly day.

Glenda and Jeff are good friends and can always be counted on for great conversation around the dining table. As basketballers, most of us are quite tall, but Jeff can just about reach the basket on flat feet. He's also one of those guys who remembers every joke he has ever been told or read and enjoys regaling us. Bob and his wife Susie usually mix in a slightly different group so we tend to catch up with them only at the basketball games. This weekend, of course, Susie was playing in the finals so Bob arrived on his own looking a little bit lost. Angie gave him a welcoming kiss and pushed a beer into his hand, so he loosened up fairly quickly. Johnno's wife Loretta was also away at the final. I must say he didn't seem too phased about it and Mike . . . well Mike and Jane are special kinds of friends. Mike has the hots for Angie which is all very flattering but he does tend to overdo it after a few drinks and there's an audience around. 

Lunch was a much brighter affair than we had expected. Plenty of wine helped to lift the mood and the guys made much of the lop-sided nature of our table setting. The usual boy-girl-boy-girl just could not be arranged, so we put Angie in the middle of one side, Glenda opposite her and me at the head of the table. I missed out. But that's a host's role.

Almost inevitably, Mike brought the topic of conversation around to sex. It seemed to be his only interest outside basketball and always amused both Angie and me. I think he tries to make Angie blush. He ought to know better. We knew a little secret but this was not the time to deflate the guy. 

"So, have you been to The Club this week?" Johnno asked Mike. The Club was not our basketball club. It is a high-class strip joint in town and Mike finds all kinds of excuses to get there. 

"Yeah. Took a client to lunch on Wednesday. Sensational. He had trouble standing up he was so turned on," Mike laughed. "Those girls are sensational. The way they move those bodies. And man, those tits."

"I thought Jane kept you pretty happy, Mike," Angie cut in. "You keep trying to get her to show off her tits to everyone."

"Yeah, Jane's OK. But there's something about those professional girls. They move different. You girls just don't know."

"So you think just because we don't swing around poles and flash our bodies for money that we can't dance to turn our guys on? Is that what you're saying Mike?"

This was typical. Angie would never let Mike think he could embarrass her.

"I just think those girls have a special way. They're good. I mean, they do it every day. It's like the difference between a professional basketball player and us amateurs. No comparison."

"So you think I could not get Pete aroused by dancing for him?"

"Well," said Mike, "have you?"

"That's between me and Pete," she retorted.

"Pete." Mike turned to me. "Has she?"

"Angie said it, Mike. That's between us," I said, grinning.

"See what I mean." Mike was on a roll. "Glenda. Do you ever get Jeff hot by dancing for him?"

Now Glenda was struggling not to blush. She is not used to Mike's ways and so she's somewhat more - how shall I say it - sensitive than my Angie.

"Well, Jeff's a better dancer than I am, so I'm not sure I would want to try."

"Not that sort of dancing, girl," Mike retorted. "Have you ever done a strip for Jeff and got him all hot?"

"I think I'll take Angie's line," she replied, blushing furiously. "None of your business."

"I rest my case." Mike sat back in his chair and spread his arms like a lawyer on a winning cross-examination in court.

"This is ridiculous," Angie said after the silence around the table had gone on too long. She had that determined look on her face and I feared the consequences. Was she going to reveal Mike's secret to all our friends? 

She leaned across the table to Glenda. 

"I'm game if you'll help me," she said.

"What!" Glenda blushed bright red.

"I think we should show Mike that those girls he pays ridiculous sums to oggle don't know any more than us girls at home."

Angie jumped up from her chair and went around the table and pulled Glenda's chair back. "Come with me for a second."

The two girls marched into the kitchen.

Angie told me later exactly what went on. This is a paraphrase of their conversation.

"He's a jerk, I know, Glenda. But he goes on and on about the models in magazines and these dancers. You and I are as good looking as most of those girls. We turn our men on. I just want to show him that he might be missing out on some fun at home if he started looking in the right direction. We may be amateurs, but we're women and we know how to turn a man on."

"But you're suggesting you strip in front of him. Doesn't that give him what he wants?"

"I have a confession, Glen. He's seen it all before." Glenda was stunned. Her jaw dropped. "No. I'm not cheating," Angie assured her. "Pete and I do a bit of swinging occasionally with Mike and Jane." Now Glenda was glowing red with embarrassment. "Jane's great fun," Angie continued. "But Mike is a bit of a problem. We do it mainly because we both love Jane. Great little body, a fabulous imagination and she . . . well. But Mike can't control himself. Three strokes and he comes all over the place. Not with Jane, she tells me. Just whenever he gets near me."

Glenda's embarrassment was giving way to obvious curiosity.

"Haven't you ever wondered what another guy would be like?" Angie asked her. "In bed, I mean."

"Well, yes," said Glenda. "But I've never actually done anything about it. I have no idea what Jeff thinks."

"If he's a normal man, he thinks a lot about it . . . . not a guy, of course. Another girl." said Angie.

"Anyway," she continued. "You know Mike is always having a go at me around all our friends. Well, this is my chance to get Mike back in front of all his friends. We won't hear a word out of him after this."

"So what's the plan?"

"Stay with me," said Angie, giving Glenda a quick cuddle. "Get into it. Let yourself go, let your hair down. And don't be shocked. You might just enjoy this, too."

Angie led Glenda up to our bedroom where she quickly stripped her clothes off and pored through drawers to find new, more appropriate clothing for the performance.

Glenda just watched. She had never seen Angie's body before. Sure, in a swimsuit on a few occasions, but never completely nude. She was fascinated. She stared. Then she realized she was getting turned on. She could feel the warmth between her legs. Angie noticed. She grinned. 

"Come on, Glen, get naked. We need to dress up for the guys." She came over and gently hugged her friend. "You never know," she whispered close, "the girls might get to play later." Then she stepped back and laughed as Glenda again blushed scarlet red.

The girls quickly sorted out some sexy lingerie, loose flowing skirts, soft blouses to cover and high-heel shoes. Then Angie opened her special bedside drawer.

"We'll need a couple of these." She threw a vibrator towards Glenda and took her favorite dildo and a tube of lubricant. "Let's go." By now, Glenda was almost beyond being shocked. Which was just as well.

Back downstairs, the girls made their entrance and instantly had the attention of every man. We had moved to the other end of the room and arranged a couple of sofas and lounge chairs in to a wide arc around the fireplace to give the girls a stage on which to work.

"Here's the rules, guys. You all stay in your seats unless we ask you to move. And, if by chance we get you excited, you gotta suffer. No getting your cocks out for relief. Leave them where they are unless we say so. Anyone breaks the rules and we stop the show, OK?"

Every man nodded in agreement. Anyway, just how excited could the girls make us without touching. I mean, this was going to be a fairly straightforward softcore strip.

"Let's get some appropriate music going and get this show on the road," commanded Angie. I struggled to take my eyes off the girls and dived for the sound system. "Do you want to try Bolero?" I asked. We had tried a few times to fuck each other in time with Bolero but had never managed to come right on the final dramatic bar.

"Sounds good to me," she said. "Start off soft and slow." She winked at me and I knew she was totally in control. What she had planned, I had no ideas, but I knew something was plotted in her beautiful head. Now I could only sit back and watch the performance.

As you know, Bolero seems like it gets faster and faster. In fact, it is mainly louder. Perfect music for Angie's performance. As the first almost inaudible notes and bars wafted into the room, she and Glenda moved ever so smoothly, swaying towards their center stage in front of the large fireplace, holding the hems of their skirts. Slowly, so slowly, the hems rose up their thighs. It was if they had been rehearsing for days and it crossed my mind that this was an Angie set-up. Glenda was watching every move Angie made and following the choreographer as closely as possible. From side-on, they turned to face us and lifted the skirts to give us a glimpse of the thong panties that barely covered their pussies. Then Angie slowly moved a hand from her hem and let it brush over her mound. A groan emitted from every male throat. Then the hems dropped back into place and, as the music gathered momentum, Angie turned to Glenda and slowly, in time with the incessant beat, unbuttoned her blouse and peeled it back. A tiny lace bra pushed Glenda's soft, round breasts up and out, her nipples barely covered by the thin fabric. Glenda, in turn unbuttoned Angie. My lovely wife's breasts are relatively small but firm, beautifully rounded, and push out so she rarely wears a bra. But for the sake of today's performance, she had one on now, what little there was of it. 

Now the girls turned their backs to us, shrugged away the blouses and moved their hands to their shoulders, sliding the bra straps down.

"Peter honey, come and unclip me." Angie looked over her shoulder straight into my eyes. I was out of my seat in a flash. Jeff was a little wobbly on his feet - we were all a little hot already - but he quickly unclipped Glenda. Then we had to return to our seats and the show went on. The bras dropped to the floor and the girls turned to face us again, their hands covering their breasts. Then their hands slid down their bodies, down their flat stomachs, over the upper hems and down. Normally, I would have taken the chance to look at Glenda's lovely full breasts, but my eyes, and the eyes of every guy in the room, followed those hands. They stopped where we imagined they might and slowly, Angie began to rub herself through the fabric of the skirt and the tiny thong. I glanced at Glenda. Her hands covered her mound but she had stopped. She struggled with the public display that Angie was providing. Then the two girls looked one another right in the eye and Glenda's hands began to move. My hand moved to my aching crotch. 

Then Angie moved to Glenda. They were face to face, their noses almost touching, their breasts pushed together, their hips pushed toward one another. And Angie reached behind Glenda, her hands tracing a trail down her back to the zipper of her skirt. Glenda copied the action. Two skirts fell to the floor. 

Again, Angie and Glenda turned to face us, standing tall in high heels, black stockings and suspenders. Angie wore a little red lace thong and Glenda had chosen all black. They swayed to the music, they danced around the small space that was their stage. They came together, touched and parted. The music was swelling through the room. The full orchestra had taken up the tune and the drums were incessant. Then they came together again. Angie dropped to her knees and hooked fingers through Glenda's tiny thong. And she eased it down her friend's thighs. Her face was directly in front of the furry mound and her eyes never left Glenda's pussy. As the flimsy fabric touched the floor, Glenda carefully stepped out of it and kicked it away. She was trembling.

Later, Angie told me: "I could smell her wonderful sweet muskiness. Her pussy lips were puffy and almost dripping with wetness. I so much wanted to taste her but I knew it might break the spell and ruin everything. I was sooo restrained."

Then she gave me a wicked grin. "Anyway, the meat course always comes before dessert."

Back to the events on stage. Slowly, Angie stood and Glenda quickly peeled her little thong away. And again the girls turned to face us, swaying to the music that was now filling the room.

Then Angie produced the vibrator. She held it up for all to see, stroking its length in time with the thundering orchestra. She asked Glenda to get her a chair, dragged it toward the fireplace and sat down, her legs slightly apart. First, she raised the device to her lips, her tongue flicking out to wet the rounded end and swirl around its length. The device glistened with her saliva. Then, slowly, she lowered it to her pussy lips, sliding it down, pausing to hover on her clit. Her head went back a little, her mouth opened and her eyes almost closed. Glenda could do no more than watch.

Every man in the room was now seriously uncomfortable, waiting for the first to release his engorged cock from its entrapment in tight pants.

Standing now, Angie moved to the fireplace, leaned one arm on the shelf and put one foot up on the chair, swivelling her ass around slightly towards us so we all had a view of her glistening pussy lips, pink and puffy and wet. Then she took the wetted vibrator in her free hand and brought it down to her pussy, running its tip along the length of her lips. We were all bent forward trying to get closer without breaking the rules.

Suddenly, Angie thrust the vibrator deep inside herself, arching her back and throwing back her head. In and out went that thing in thrusting time to the beat of the music. 

All the action was too much for Glenda who took a few quick steps over to Jeff and pushed herself on him, turning to watch the show. As Angie brought herself and her show to a shattering orgasm in perfect time with the music, Glenda began to stroke the huge bulge in Jeff's pants. He groaned even more.

"Please, take it out," he implored her and with a flashing smile, she unzipped his pants and reached inside. How I envied that man for just a moment.

Now there was silence - except for a lot of heavy breathing. Angie removed the vibrator and scanned her audience. 

"I need a real rod, not this toy," she cooed, placing the vibrator on the mantel. 

We all - except Jeff who was now enjoying the ministrations of Glenda's soft hand on his cock - strained to stand and offer our services.

"Mike, you've been bragging about how good those women of yours are. Let's see how good you are. Come up here and see if you can do as good as this vibrator."

You bitch, I thought. So that's your game. And the poor bastard is going to fall for it. Mike was up beside Angie in a flash.

"Drop your pants, big boy," she said. "Let's look at the merchandise."

Mike has a good size cock. About eight inches fully erect. And it was very erect right now.

"OK, so give it to me," she said and thrust her ass towards his crotch. He grabbed his cock, positioned it at her entrance and slid right in to the hilt. And he lasted one stroke. 

"Ooh," said Angie, feigning excitement as his cum gushed into her. "Gee, Mike, that was a bit quick. I didn't get time to enjoy your nice big cock." She reached down and briefly stroked the shrinking rod, then scanned the room again, dismissing the crestfallen Mike back to his seat.

She looked at me. "Come on lover. Show them how it's done." 

I was out of my seat, out of my pants and beside her before she finished her sentence.

Meanwhile, Jeff was in his version of Heaven. Glenda had given up all pretence of prudishness and was sucking him for all she was worth.

Angie was giving my hardness a brief attention before guiding the tip to her dripping pussy. I pushed in and, like Mike, slid to the hilt. But I was more at home here. I knew how to pace myself (just think of something really boring, like balance sheets) and together we got into a great rhythm.

Sucking away at Jeff, Glenda felt a hand wander over her ass and sighed over his cock. As the fingers wandered towards her gleaming pussy, Johnno's voice behind her said: "You've got a beautiful ass, Glen. Do you mind, Jeff?" He kept on stroking. Glenda let go of Jeff's cock and looked up in surprise. Another man was fondling her ass!

"You started this," Jeff told Glenda. "You better finish it." He gently pushed her head back down on to his cock and grinned at Johnno who immediately slipped a searching finger into Glenda's tight pussy. She groaned. Fingering all the time, Johnno used his spare hand to unzip his pants. He dropped to his knees and slipped his hard cock slowly into Glenda's wet hole.

My rhythm well established, I was having a wonderful time pumping in and out with Angie, she was cooing in my ear. I took a moment to look around. The room was filled with the sounds of fucking and sucking. Mike sat back in his chair, his head down, his cock thoroughly limp. Johnno was pumping away with Glenda who had now got right into the action. Her mouth and hand were stroking up and down on Jeff's pole and she was humping back onto Johnno's cock as he thrust into her. Poor Bob sat on the end of the sofa and watched the action, his cock now well in hand. All revved up and no place to go.

Finally, I felt my cum start to rise. And it seemed like the other guys were getting close too. In a couple of minutes, I yelled and Angie purred as I shot my cum deep inside her. I soon heard Johnno in his release and Jeff grunt as Glenda slurped at his flowing cock-head. 

Slowly, everyone recovered. Angie and I sat on the carpeted floor observing our friends. A huge smile told me Angie was thoroughly enjoying every minute. But I was worried about Glenda and Jeff. How would they now react to the events of the past half an hour?
