 This is the second chapter of this story. Readers may want to read the first chapter, 'Second Honeymoon', before reading this. 

***** 

The following morning, Gerry and I slept in. When I finally opened my eyes for good, it was almost 10 o'clock. Gerry was sprawled out on his side of the huge bed, still sound asleep. I quietly got out of bed and went to the bathroom. As I sat on the toilet I gazed at the big tub, remembering the events of the night before. Had we really almost screwed with another couple? Improbable as that seemed, the answer was, definitely, yes. And to tell the truth, I kind of wished I hadn't ALMOST screwed Tom. 

After a good hot shower I stepped back into the bedroom. Gerry was lying on his back, awake now and sporting a morning hardon. 

"Well, hello, old friend," I said as I leaned over and kissed the tip of Gerry's cock. "Not too exhausted from last night, I see." 

Gerry smiled. "No, not too exhausted. But right now, I have to pee." He got up from the bed, gave me a hug and a kiss, and went into the bathroom. I heard the shower turn on and began to get dressed. 

"So," Gerry said, emerging from the bathroom, "What, exactly, happened last night?" 

"Gee, I don't know," I said. "How about, I almost fucked Tom and you almost fucked Sue?" 

"That about sums it up, I guess. Any regrets?" 

"Not really. I had a great time. Frankly, I wanted to go further with Tom. My only worry was about how you felt." 

"I was a little surprised by how fast things went," Gerry said. "When I thought Tom might be inside you, I was jealous for a moment. But also excited. You know?" 

"Gerry," I said, putting my arms around him, "there's nothing to feel jealous about. I love you, and only you. If I made you feel bad, I'm sorry. I won't do anything like that again." 

"No, let me finish. After a moment I didn't feel jealous anymore, just excited at the idea of you screwing another man right there in the tub with me. And when you came, I almost came, too." 

"So, if I had screwed Tom, you would have liked that?" Damn, I thought; so would I. 

"I'm not sure, frankly. We had a lot to drink, so ... maybe, at the time. But looking back on it, maybe not such a great idea." 

"So, what happens now?" 

"I think we should just do what we feel comfortable with. I promise I won't do anything with Sue unless it's OK with you." 

"In any case," I said, "we probably won't have the opportunity to find out. Tom and Sue could be pretty freaked out right now. But Sue is definitely hot for your cock; you should see how she looks at it. I like Sue, and right now at least, I don't feel a bit jealous of her. So here's my idea - let's push the boundaries a little if they're willing, but if my playing with Tom makes you nervous, just say the word and we'll all stop. Is that fair?" 

"It's funny, but right now I don't feel a bit jealous of Tom, and just you talking about sex with him kind of turns me on." 

"More than kind of," I commented, reaching down to his crotch. "You're hard as a rock." We shared a long, deep kiss that in other circumstances would have led directly to the bed. But both of us were thinking of saving that for later, so we broke off the kiss and headed downstairs. 

When we got to the breakfast room we were surprised to find Tom and Sue still there. We helped ourselves from the buffet of fresh bread, pastry, ham and cheese, poured ourselves some coffee, and accepted Tom's invitation to sit at their table. 

"Hi," Tom said. "Did you sleep well?" 

"Like logs," Gerry replied. "A little jet-lagged, I think. You?" 

"The same," Sue said. "We've been here a few days, so we're not jet-lagged any more, but after the excitement last night ..." 

We sat for awhile, eating our breakfast and enjoying the balmy morning. A light breeze came through the window, rustling the curtains slightly. A little to my surprise, it felt good to sit there with our new friends, not at all awkward. I wondered, did they feel the same? 

Finally, Tom broke the silence. "Sue and I have been talking about last night," he said, "and if there's anything we need to apologize for, please accept our apology. Things went a little faster than we all expected, I guess ..." 

"No need to apologize," I interrupted. "Gerry and I talked about it, too, this morning. If you're OK with what happened, we are, too." 

"You know, of course," Tom said to Gerry, "that nothing happened between Andrea and me." 

"Nothing?" Gerry challenged with a smile. 

"Well, I mean, ..." 

"You didn't fuck," Sue completed the sentence for him. 

"There you go," her husband agreed. "We didn't fuck." 

"I knew that, actually," Gerry said. "And of course Sue and I didn't fuck, either." 

We all sat for a few moments, recalling the events of the night before. I got up to refresh my coffee and Gerry pushed his chair back to join me. I noted that Gerry was sporting a very nice bulge, running down the leg of his shorts. I glanced at Sue and caught her staring at it. 

When we rejoined the other couple, Sue said, "Have you got plans for today? Because if not, we've got an idea for you. Our host told us the other day that there's a little beach nearby that can only be reached by boat, and guess what? He's got a boat. How would you like to go there with us? He says the beach is a little rocky, but the swimming is great and we'll be totally secluded." She glanced at Gerry and blushed. No question what she was thinking of viewing at the secluded beach, I thought. 

Gerry looked at me. "I think I'd enjoy that," he said. "Andrea?" 

I shrugged. "Sure," I replied. "We have no plans, except to lie around and maybe explore this place a little. This meets both of those goals." 

We met up again after we had gone to our rooms and grabbed beach towels and sunscreen. Our proprietor agreed to take us around to the secluded beach, as well as to provide us with a basket lunch. We packed a cooler with beer and wine and headed down to the little wharf nearby. 

Our host helped us into his little one-cylinder motor launch and we puffed and chugged and popped our way noisily out into the bay and around a point of land. Sure enough, we soon sighted a little cove with a beach, and not a house or other soul around. We ran right into the cove and grounded the boat on the pebbly beach. 

"I'll come back and pick you up," our proprietor said. "When do you want to return?" 

We agreed that we would probably have had enough sun by 3 o'clock, and off he putted. 

We spread out our big beach towels side by side to make a large area of cover, putting our baskets of provisions and personal effects on the corners to hold them down against the light breeze. Instead of lying down, though, we stripped down to our bathing suits and waded into the water, which was crystal clear and a little cold. We quickly got used to it, and played around for awhile, splashing water at each other and talking about nothing substantial. 

When we finally returned to our towels, I think we were all thinking about how to get naked gracefully. Tom broke the ice. "Look," he said, "there's nobody around who can see us; why don't we shuck these wet bathing suits?" 

We all agreed quickly, and simply stripped off our suits where we stood. We opened the picnic baskets and got out sunscreen and some cold beer and wine. We sat down on the towels and applied the sunscreen while sipping our drinks. Then Sue lay down prone on her towel and asked Tom to put sunscreen on her back, and when I lay down on my towel, Gerry did the same. 

It felt wonderful to have Gerry's hands on my back while I warmed up in the sun. Pretty soon his hands moved down to the backs of my thighs, then down to my calves. Gerry wasn't just applying sunscreen, he was gently kneading my muscles, and it felt wonderful. I closed my eyes, just concentrating on the moment. 

I don't know how much time passed - at least ten minutes, maybe more. Gerry stopped kneading my muscles for a moment, and I felt him shifting position before he started in again, this time at my ankles and working up my legs. His touch was lighter than before, brushing my skin with his fingertips then massaging the muscles lightly. The feeling was incredibly erotic and I could feel myself beginning to get turned on. As his hands moved to my thighs his touch moved inward, between my legs, and I spread my legs to give him more access. Finally, his hands were at the tops of my legs. His fingers moved between my legs and I moved them farther apart. I could feel his finger entering me while another finger moved to my clit. I felt no discomfort and realized I must be putting out enough lubricant to displace the salt water from our swim. 

Tom must have been doing something similar to Sue, because she was moaning in response. Her moans grew louder and I turned my head to see what Tom was doing with her. 

Imagine my surprise to see that Sue was on her side, facing me, with Gerry's cock in her hand! The guys must have switched places without telling us. Sue's knee was lifted and Gerry's hand was in her crotch, rubbing her clit; hence the moans I had heard. 

I rolled over to look at Tom, who was kneeling next to me. I reached behind me ad wrapped my fingers around his hard cock, turning my attention back to Gerry and Sue. Tom reached into my crotch and I spread my legs to give him complete access. 

We all continued like that for a long while. I was getting more and more excited, but Sue was clearly ahead of me in that department. Gerry was now pumping his hand into her crotch, clearly with several fingers inside her. Her moans rose to shrieks and her hips bucked against Gerry's fingers. All the while, she never let go of his cock, staring fixedly at it as she came loudly. "Yes! Yessss ..." she cried out. 

I looked at Tom, who was watching the scene with his wife and Gerry with clear excitement. If he was feeling any jealousy, he wasn't showing it. So, all OK, I thought. I still had his hard cock in my hand, and decided to push the boundaries just a little further. Rolling onto my knees, I moved my head to his groin and popped his cock into my mouth. Then I pulled back a little so I just had the knob. I swirled my tongue around the edge and closed my teeth gently on the shaft, just above the head. Supporting myself on one hand, I reached under Tom's cock with the other and felt his balls, which were drawn up against his body. He groaned n response and his cock throbbed in my mouth. Whoops, I thought, better not go too fast here, or he'll lose it. I let the helmet pop out of my mouth and planted butterfly kisses up and down the shaft. Tom's cock was as lovely close-up as it had been the night before at a distance, and my cunt throbbed with desire to have it inside me. I took my hand from Tom's ball sack and reached between my legs. Sure enough, I was sopping wet. I moistened my finger in my own juices and moved it to my clit, stroking it gently. 

I could feel that warm, tingly feeling building, flowing up from my crotch to my entire body as my orgasm approached. I knew that if I turned over and let Tom enter me I would be crossing a threshold I wasn't sure I wanted to cross. But God, how I wanted a cock in me! 

Screw it, I thought, I need to be fucked. I took Tom's cock out of my mouth and tried to decide what position I wanted to be in, while all the time rubbing my clit and continuing toward my approaching orgasm. Just as I was about to turn around to let Tom enter me from behind, I felt Gerry's hard cock pressing against my hand. He had moved around behind me and was pushing the bulbous end against my clit. I rubbed it in my juices for a moment, then pressed it upward into my vagina. He slipped into my sopping hole easily and began pumping me furiously from behind. 

It was a new feeling for me, having one cock in my hand and another in my cunt. I felt incredibly powerful, and incredibly turned on. I pushed my ass back on every thrust, feeling Gerry's cock thrust deep inside me and stretch me to the limit. The edge of his helmet rubbed across my G-spot on every stroke. I was ready to cum, and so was Gerry. I didn't dare put Tom's cock back in my mouth for fear of biting it off when I came, so I just pumped it fast. Tom was the first uncircumsized man I'd ever been with , and I enjoyed the new feeling of the foreskin pulling all the way up and over the tip on each pump. 

In a moment, Tom came, his jism spurting out and hitting my face. I brought his pulsing penis close to my face and held it against my cheek, my face buried in his groin. He continued to squirt, hitting my ear and then over my shoulder onto my back. This triggered my own orgasm and I shrieked with ecstasy. At the same moment, Gerry gave one last, deep thrust and came deep inside me. 

As I came down from my orgasm I pulled back slightly and took Tom' cock in my mouth, deep-throating him and sucking out any remaining semen. I was rewarded with one last spurt down my throat. I pulled his cock out of my mouth and licked all the remaining cum away. Meanwhile, Gerry pulled out of me and sat down on the blanket behind me. 

"You've got cum all over your back, you know," he told me. 

"And a lot more inside me," I responded, looking over at him with love. "And, speaking of cum, what's that on your chest?" 

He looked down. Sure enough, there was a glob of Tom's semen stuck to his chest. I scraped it off with my finger and brought it to my mouth. 

"Anybody for a dip?" asked Sue, running toward the water. 

The rest of us followed Sue down to the water and dove in. Gerry splashed water on his chest and rubbed where Tom's semen had hit him. Sue and I were right next to each other, and she rinsed Tom's cum off my back. 

As we played and laughed and talked, we gradually moved out into deeper water, where Tom and Gerry were chest-deep and we women were barely standing on the bottom. Without a word, I climbed onto Gerry's back and Sue mounted Tom. The two men moved closer to each other. Sue and I climbed up onto our husbands' shoulders and the two couples engaged in a joust. I wrapped my arms around Sue's shoulders and she did the same, and our husbands pulled away from each other, trying to topple the other pair. Sue and I leaned farther and farther away from our supports, but neither would give an inch. All of a sudden, the entire structure failed, and all four of us went tumbling into the water. 

We all came up together, spluttering and laughing. Sue and I still more or less had hold of each other, and before I knew what we were doing, we came together in a warm hug. Our lips found each other naturally and we shared a long, salty kiss. Sue's breasts pressed hard against my chest. Without thinking, I reached down between our bodies and felt her crotch. She groaned in pleasure and stuck her tongue in my mouth as my finger went between her legs and hit her clit. I pressed my finger further and entered her warm, slippery hole and she hunched her pelvis against my hand. 

We held that position for awhile, then broke apart, gasping and laughing. Our guys were standing nearby, watching intently. Both had their hands on their cocks. 

"I don't know about you," I said, breaking the tension, "but I'm hungry." I turned and started to wade toward the beach. 

"I'm hungry, too," Gerry said with a leer that pointed out the double entendre. He put his arm around Sue's shoulders and drew her to him. At first she acceded to his wish and kissed him deeply, but then she pushed him away, splashing him with water. 

"Not so fast, big boy," she said. Gerry reached out to grab her but she was too quick for him and turned toward the beach. Before she could get far he tackled he from behind and they both went under, coming up a moment later with laughter and splashes. I thought that might be the beginning of some more sex play, but actually it broke the sexual tension. Sue and Gerry followed Tom and me out onto the beach. 

After liberally reapplying sunscreen to ourselves and each other, we opened the picnic baskets. Lunch was more or less a repeat of breakfast, with cold cuts, cheese and bread, but we were all hungry and dug into it. Sue and I opened one of the bottles of wine while the guys grabbed bottles of beer. 

I was amazed at how relaxed and casual everybody was. The men's dicks were flaccid now, and the conversation had no sexual component. To think that a short while earlier Sue and I had been kissing passionately, and just before that my husband had been fucking me while I sucked Tom's cock! And to think that the Big Question hadn't yet been answered, and must be on everybody's mind: Were we going to fuck each other's spouses, or not? 

Full from lunch, we all lay out on our towels in the sun. Soon we were lulled into half sleep, half desultory conversation as the warm sun beat down on us. The guys got up and refilled our glasses, getting themselves new beers, and when they sat down they switched places - Tom was by me and Gerry was alongside Sue. Naturally, we all started fondling and groping our new partners, but there was no urgency to it. Tom and I kissed softly, his hand cupping my breast. I put my hand on his cock and felt it begin to harden. Our kiss intensified and his hand moved down from my breast to my crotch. His finger found my clit and massaged it tenderly. 

Gerry and Sue were in an almost identical pose, kissing each other with his hand between her legs and her hand on his cock. Tom noticed me looking over at my husband and his wife, and pulled away from me slightly. 

"Does that bother you?" he asked. 

"Actually, no, surprisingly," I told him. "I like Sue, and I enjoy seeing Gerry having such a good time. You?" 

"No, I'm pretty secure about our marriage. Sue and I share just about everything, and she's been interested in other men before. They've never been a threat to our relationship because she makes sure I know about them and gives me veto power. Look at how much she enjoys this." And Sue certainly did seem to be enjoying herself. Her moans were getting louder as Gerry's fingers did their wonder between her legs. 

As we watched, Gerry moved over on top of Sue and placed his hard cock at the entrance to her vagina. This was the moment of truth - would he thrust into her and break the last barrier, or would he hold back? 

Silly question, right? He pushed his hips forward and ever so slowly slid his cock into Sue. At first only a couple of inches were inside her but slowly and insistently he pressed more and more of his hard meat into her, until their pubes were pressed against her. 

"Oh, my God, Gerry!" Sue cried out. "Yes! Yes! Fuck me, please!" 

With that, Gerry started to slide in and out of her, smoothly and, at first, slowly. Then he picked up the pace as Sue cried out for more, until his balls were hitting against her ass with a wet slapping sound. Sue raised her legs up to Gerry's shoulders to allow him even deeper penetration, and he pounded her faster and faster. 

I thought, this can't go on very long, but it did. Sue kept on crying out with every lunge of Gerry's cock and Gerry reciprocated with more and faster lunges. She clearly came, then came again and again, until her cries were hardly more than gasps. "Again!" she kept on saying, "I'm cumming again!" 

Tom and I were transfixed as we watched our spouses fuck. We were lying facing the other couple, with me in front, with my leg lifted up to give Tom access to my crotch and my hand on his cock. That cock had been hard when I first grasped it, but as Gerry slammed into Sue and she shrieked with joy, Tom's cock became even harder, pulsing with excitement and leaking copious amounts of precum into my palm. At the same time, his finger on my clit was bringing me close to the brink. 

Sue built to yet another orgasm, this one clearly bigger than any of the previous ones. As she began to scream, Gerry pushed all the way into her and held that pose. At the same time, Tom shifted his body slightly behind me, moving the tip of his cock to the opening of my vagina. I pushed my ass back at him and slipped him into me just as Sue reached the peak of her orgasm. 
