 Abriel had always fantasized about being with two men at one time. She knew that sometimes fantasy's were best left as just that- but she was willing to take a risk.

Abriel's best friend was Micheal and she knew without a doubt that he would be involved. Over the years the two friends had spent many passionate nights together in a local hotel and he would be perfect for a pussy fuck. Just who to find for an arse fuck was a problem- that and the fact that she had ever had anal sex before but Abriel was not one to let a detail like that stop her.

One night she told Micheal what she wanted. She could see the lust light up his eyes. Licking his lips, he told her he knew just the man for the job. They arranged to meet at their hotel room in a week and Abriel spent a fretful week wondering if she was doing the right thing.

Having abstained from sex for the week-no mean feet!- in order to heighten the experience, Abriel knocked on the hotel room on time. Micheal opened the door and taking her hand could feel her trembling. Closing the door, he bent to kiss her tenderly. 

"Anytime this gets too much for you, just tell us and we'll stop. Okay?" he said smiling and looking deep into her eyes. She smiled and looked passed his shoulder. 

"Abriel, I'd like you to meet my friend Patrick." He came towards her smiling. 

"Hey sugar, how are you? I've heard so much about you!" She arched an eyebrow.

"Oh really?"

Patrick laughed. "All good!" He suddenly became serious. "Look Micheal told me what all this is about tonight. I want you to know I've never done anything like this, but Abriel if you want to stop at any point just say so."

Her heart fluttering in her chest, she rasied her hand to her blouse and began unbuttoning it. "If we take it slow I'll be fine. Why don't we slip into something more comfortable!" With a small laugh she began taking her clothes off. Within minutes she stood before the two men naked. Patrick's breath caught in his throat. Abriel's medium length hair framed her naked shoulders, her luscious breasts begging to be cupped and kneaded. Her nipples already hard were the size off his thumbnail and a gorgeous chocolate brown. He licked his lips and moaned softly. His eyes traveled down her flat stomach to her bush. Fiery red in colour it was trimmed in the shape of a heart. She did a little pirouette for him and he groaned louder when he saw her exquisite rear. In all truth, Patrick was a butt lover and if he had a choice he loved to anally fuck a woman. She completed her turn and smiled.

"Baby you are unbelievable!" Micheal who had seen it all before was already naked, the makings of a superb erection already evident.

"Pat you have no idea man! You're in for a treat!" He laughed walking towards Abriel. Quickly Patrick stripped off watching the two kissing. Breaking the kiss Abriel looked a Patrick's naked body. His chest, arms, legs and scrotum were hairless. She much preferred Micheal's hairy body- extra friction!- but what drew her attention was his cock. Long and slim she knew it would be perfect for him to insert in and fuck her arse. It was already hardening under her scrutiny and within seconds she saw Patrick's fully erect cock. She expertly judged it was just over 5 inches in length.

She walked over to him cupping first his balls and then ran her hand along his cock. Unlike Micheal he wasn't circumcised and as she rolled his foreskin back she judged his throbbing manhood to be 1.5 inches thick- for her a just acceptable fuck but what she hoped would be a manageable first time 'back door' fuck. Massaging his hardness she couldn't help comparing him to Micheal's enormous log. In his full splendor he was 11 inches long and a glorious 4 inches thick. He was the ultimate- she wasn't able to fuck for a week after their first time! He was definitely not a contender for an anal fuck! As Micheal watched the two kiss he massaged himself to a hardon. Abriel saw Micheal move towards them and ended the kiss. "Two fine upstanding men-who says Christmas only comes once a year!"

Patrick looked at Micheal and said "It's obvious what I'm here for! Abriel you're in charge. What would you like me to do?"

"I want you to deep throat me while Micheal fucks me." She walked over to the bed and knelt on it facing them. She could feel her juices on her thighs and lent forward on her hands. Micheal went up behind her, positioning himself at her pussy's entrance. He ran his middle finger around her pussy lips parting them, skimmed her hole and teased her clit. Abriel moaned and wriggled her arse against his finger. Laughing he drew his wet finger away. She was so worked about the night that she was already sopping wet and gripping his cock he pushed himself into her burying his whole length. 

She grunted and looked at Patrick. "Come here" she said as Micheal began thrusting into her very hot tight hole. Patrick moved forward. He had never seen another couple having sex before and he was enthralled. She held his cock in her hand while moaning and encouraging Micheal to fuck her even harder. Opening her eyes, she licked the precome from Patrick's cockhead. His size would make him an easy deep throat and she began to lick around the throbbing cockhead. Patrick moaned and placed his hands on her head urging her mouth to take his cock. "Oh yeah sugar" he moaned as his full length sank into her willing mouth. If her mouth was this hot and clinging, he could only imagine what her arse felt like.

"Good hey?" Micheal grunted as he slowly and deeply fucked Abriel. As her head bobbed up and down his shaft he moaned "Unreal Mate! She's very good." Her moans were muffled around his pulsating cock. She'd never experienced two cocks at one time and could feel her orgasm approaching. Micheal began moaning "I'm gonna cum baby get ready for a flood!" His thrusts were faster and not as deep and he could feel her pussy spasming around his bonehard cock, tipping him over the edge. With a last grunt he buried himself to the hilt his cock pumping his load into her quivering pussy in long hot bursts. Hearing his friend cum spurred Patrick on. He felt his balls tighten as he face fucked Abriel. His cock jerked in Abriel's talented mouth and grabbing handfuls of her hair, he rammed his engorged cock down her throat. Moaning he felt her throat contract around his shaft as she swallowed his load.

Moaning and laughing they fell in a heap on the bed. "That was fantastic!" Micheal said trailing a hand across Abriel's tit. "Unreal!" Patrick said reaching over to take a thick nipple into his mouth. "Hope we can repeat it soon!" Abriel said. Micheal knew how she loved having her nipples sucked and he reached over for the other one. She moaned as she ran her hands through their hair.

After a while Patrick began trailing kisses down her body until he was positioned between her legs. His tongue parted her pussy lips and lapped at her clit. "Oh yeah baby, keep going" she moaned and opening her legs wider she placed her feet on his shoulders. She felt his cat like tongue enter her hole. Micheal continued to play with her tits his head turned in Patrick's direction. Patrick's tongue began exploring her scarlet pussy, lapping at the juices pouring out of her. Her moans and words spurred him on and he settled down to some serious cunnilingus. "Oh yeah baby that's it! Make me cum, oh yeah!" she screamed. 

The fingers of his left hand played along with his tongue. She was so wet that the crater of her anus was glistening. His fingers spread her love juice around her butt hole and he slowly inserted the tip of his index finger. Abriel froze and the squeezed his head between her ankles. "Oh Jesus. Oh my God" she said loudly. He continued inserting his finger passed his first knuckle. She was so tight that he felt his cock throb. He continued easing his finger inside her while his tongue entered her cunt. She relaxed her grip as her body adjusted itself to the intrusion. Micheal was amazed at what he was seeing and moved over to get a better look. He began masturbating himself as he watched Patrick's head between his best friend's legs. Spreading more of her secretions around her anus Patrick gently began to insert another finger. His tongue began to tap at her clitoris.

"Oh God Micheal he's got to fingers in me! Oh God I'm gonna cum! Oh Pat oh yeah I'm gonna cum!" Her hands pulled at her nipples and Micheal worked his engorged cock faster and faster. Clenching his butt his cock stabbed the air and groaning he came. Streams of thick white cum erupted from the slit of his cock arching out in front of him. It splattered onto Patrick's back, large drops landing on Abriel's stomach and tits. Her bucking hips told her Patrick's tongue had done its work and he watched her cum.

When her orgasm was over Patrick rolled away his cock rising vertically from his balls. Licking his lips he laughed "Sweet just like honey!" Micheal laughed and collapsed beside them. Slowly their breaths returned to normal. While they were resting, Patrick continued to massage his cock but did not allow himself to cum. Patrick leaned over and kissed Abriel. "Are you still sure about this?" he asked her.

"Oh yeah baby and right now!" she said as she rolled over and got on all fours. "Micheal come here are deep throat me while Patrick fucks me up the ass!" Micheal stepped off the bed and went over to her his flaccid cock resting over his big hairly balls. He loved it when Abriel went down on him. She loved to suck cock and was very good at it. 

Patrick got into position between her legs and spread her buttocks. She was very wet and he used some of her juices to further lubricate her tiny anus. Just the thought of squeezing into that virign hole got him even harder. Without any warning he slid his throbbing cock right up to his balls in her pussy. Abriel moaned around Micheal's now rock hard cock. Between thrusts Patrick moaned "it's better if I get lubed up first." After several more thrusts he pulled his cock out of her sopping hole and it glistened in the lamplight.

Holding her hips firmly, he began to insert his cockhead into her tight anus. Micheal's cock slipped from Abriel's mouth as she moaned and dropped onto her elbows. Micheal looked at Patrick as his friend's cock began to sink into his best friends arse. Abriel's sphincter relaxed against the pulsating cockhead and Patrick eased himself in a little more. He ran his hands up and down her lower back further relaxing her until after several minutes his full length was buried in her rectum. Their groans filled the room and Patrick began to work his cock in and out of Abriel's very tight arse. Micheal pulled at his cock not believing what he was seeing! She was taking it up the arse! She flung her head back and looked at him jerking himself off. "Micheal come here. I want you to fuck me too!" she said between Patrick's thrusting. He slowed his thrusts and looked at his friend. he was breathing hard and fast and his balls ached. Micheal grabbed his engorged cock and tugged at it.

"Baby I just want to watch okay? This is unbelievable!" He scrambled into a better observation point on the bed and asked in an awed voice. 

"What's it like babe? How does Pat's dick in your arse feel?" Abriel moaned and thought about how to describe that feeling caught up between pleasure and pain. She thought she'd probably be shitting blood for a week! Patrick had resumed his thrusting and Abriel moaned. "It's like the first time you fucked me Micheal. I feel like I'm going to be split in to!"

She leaned back on her elbows caught up in the amazing sensations Patrick's cock was giving her. "What's it like for you Pat?" Micheal asked pulling and tugging his cock. "It's like fucking a virgin's pussy- so tight it almost hurts!" He started fucking her in earnest desperate to release the ache in his balls. His balls slapped against her perineum like rapid shots from a gun. Their moans and groans filled the air. Micheal scrambled off the bed and stood in front of Abriel. "I'm wanna cum in your mouth" he said to her. She raised her head and he sunk his cock down her throat and released his load as Patrick did the same in her tight rectum.

They collapsed on the bed in a heap their ragged breaths the only sounds in the room. Abriel was full of cum and had the 'just fucked real good' look on her face.

"Well?" asked Micheal.

"Let me tell you both another fantasy I have" she said laughing...