 We had never been to a sex club or swingers party, so I didn't know what to expect. In fact I was flat out nervous. Even though it had been the subject of numerous go-to fantasies in recent years, Emma and I had never followed through. We'd had a couple of encounters with nuru masseuses and Tantric "counselors", but never any interactions with regular people.

So as we walked to the Manhattan address we'd be given, I felt more than a little trepidation. What if someone else pushed her buttons in a way I hadn't or couldn't? What if she liked it just a bit too much? (For some reason it didn't seem she had the same concerns.) So we had a gut-check on the sidewalk before we went in—we're just there to watch, be watched and be with each other.

Once we got inside, it was clear we weren't the only first-timers in the crowd. You could tell right away who was comfortable and who was jumpy. It was an invitation-only party that we'd had to apply for (and send pictures), and whoever vetted the attendees had done a nice job. All M-F couples, various ethnicities, under 50 years old, attractive and in good shape. Some were mixing comfortably with people they appeared to know already, while others (like us) were huddled in pairs near the bar, drinking a bit more quickly than we should have been.

We tried not to stare, but it was hard not to, as this was not your typical upscale bar crowd on a Saturday night. This was a sex party; everyone was there for one reason.

While aggressively sipping our champagne, we wondered what to expect. Our application had made clear that as first timers, we weren't sure what level of participation would feel comfortable to us, and the club was completely accepting of that. Nevertheless, we were intrigued by its policy of "women-first"—any approach to another couple had to be made by the woman, not the man. This would ensure that interactions between couples were respectful. We had read that this policy was a reaction to a more male-dominated culture at sex clubs that led some couples to feel uncomfortable, in some cases, physically. Such an enlightened viewpoint was what attracted us to this party.

As we talked this over, we reminded each other that we were getting a little ahead of ourselves, and we needed to dip our toes in before jumping all the way in. So we decided to adjourn to the upstairs parlor and get our toes wet. There, a number of beds and sofas were arrayed for the participants' pleasure. We found a loveseat against a wall about halfway into the room, sat down and reviewed the scene. It took about two minutes for my nervousness to change to excitement. Watching (and hearing) several couples unselfconsciously fucking each other five feet from us was an absolute turn on. We looked at each other and mouthed "Wow!" at the same time.

Another minute or so and my cock was straining against my jeans. I looked over at Em and said "I need you to suck my cock, now." To her everlasting credit, she didn't blink and immediately got down on her knees in front of me and unzipped my pants. My cock sprang out as if gasping for air, and she voraciously bobbed down on it. She was wearing a short dress with no panties, so when she was on her knees she was giving a little show to any onlookers, of which there were several.

Watching her suck me, on her knees, in a roomful of people fucking and masturbating while watching her suck me, was quite a rush. Having never been in that position before, I had no idea that it would be so exciting. When you're in your 40s, truly new experiences don't come around that often, but this was one, and it was a rush.

After a minute or two of this, I pulled her head up and said "I need to fuck you now." So we walked over to one of the beds in the room that wasn't occupied. She pulled her skirt down but I didn't zip up my jeans, so my hard-on was bouncing as we walked the 10 feet or so to the bed, past a handful of people sitting on chairs against the wall where we had just been. I didn't care; I had only one thought in mind: putting my hard cock into my hot wife's pussy in front of a roomful of strangers.

We reached the bed and I turned her around and gently pushed her onto the bed face first. Her feet were still on the floor. I hiked her skirt up above her ass, gave it a slap, and entered her welcoming pussy. She let out a grateful groan when I pushed all the way in. Between that and my one slap of her ass, several people turned to look at us. Em had her face on the bed and her arms spread above her head, enjoying being fucked, so she wasn't aware of the number of people watching us. I, on the other hand, standing behind her, was keenly aware of our exhibitionism. I began to "play to the crowd" a little bit, ripping open my snap-button shirt and slapping her ass another time. She was moaning with delight. I noticed a tall African American guy sitting in a chair to my right, with his long cock in his right hand, slowly stroking while he watched. His girlfriend nonchalantly strummed away at her clit under her scrunched-up skirt. Another, slightly older man, caught my eye and raised his drink to me with a sly grin. It was intoxicating.

By this time, Emma had put her palms on the bed and pulled her head up to look back at me, then around at the room, and then back at me with a smile. Only a few seconds later, her eyes rolled back in her head and she let out a series of groans and "Oh, FUCK!" At this I sped up—it's hard for me to resist when my beautiful, sex crazed wife is having one of her Big O's—and threw my head back as I pumped as hard as I could; having my shoes on helped keep a tight grip on the floor as my hips pistoned back and forth. I grunted as I came, capping off the tail end (ha ha) of her orgasm with my own.

Wow. I caught my breath and Em laid face down on the bed for a second doing the same. Backing away from her, I wiped my wet cock on her butt cheek as I sometimes do, in a way I find slightly funny but she probably doesn't. As she straightened up and shimmied her skirt down, she flipped her long sandy blond hair out of her face and turned and gave me a deep, wet kiss. We shared a goofy post-coital smile, made even goofier knowing people were watching us.

I pulled up and zipped my jeans shut and we walked back through the gauntlet of people who had just watched us fuck. She was in front of me, holding my hand as she walked. When I passed the older guy, he smiled and said, "That was really good. Why didn't you go on longer?" To which I laughed and said, "Ha ha. Once she starts cumming I can't hold back." He patted me on the shoulder and said, "She is lovely—you are very lucky." At this, Emma looked over her right shoulder at him, smiled, and said "Thank you", in her sweet, Southern, genuine way.

We went back downstairs to the bar, stopping on the way in the restroom to freshen up. Little did we know that the night would soon get much more interesting...

---

Back at the bar, we had a glass of champagne and reveled in the rush of what we had just done. We couldn't stop smiling. Our conversation inevitably revolved around "I can't believe we just did that!" Looking around the bar, we wondered how many other couples were first-time exhibitionists. Some were clearly not. We watched a well-toned couple grinding together on the dance floor, and Em remarked "I bet they're regulars here." We hadn't noticed that only a few feet to our left, a couple approaching us.

It was probably just as well we didn't see them coming. We didn't have time to get nervous and think about how we would react to being approached. We just got approached. Any other time someone comes up to you at a party, you just stick your hand out and say hello, and that's what we did.

"Hi!" the woman said warmly to Em, as if they had met each other before. "I'm Jen. We saw you guys upstairs—you were hot!" She giggled, and Em giggled back, "Thanks! I'm Emma. Nice to meet you Jen."

"This is my husband, Brian," Jen said as Brian stepped toward us, shaking Em's hand first, then mine. They were...how shall I say this...hot. Both of them. Probably the best-looking couple in the place. She had a great smile, blue-green eyes (like Em's), sandy blond hair that was a little longer and straighter than Em's, and a tight body with tits that were surprisingly perky for how big they were. Brian was tall and well put together, blond-ish hair with dark features, and a little goatee.

"Y'all were upstairs just now?" I said, legitimately puzzled at how I had failed to see them earlier.

"Yeah," Jen said. "We saw your whole show—which was awesome. Have you been here before?"

"No!" Em laughed. "God no. It was all we could do just to walk in the front door."

"We've never done anything like this before," I chimed in. "Thought about it, talked about it, but never done it."

"Well, you wouldn't know it," Jen said. "You guys looked like pros. It was fucking hot watching you go at it like that."

"Thanks," Em and I said simultaneously, blushing a bit. Somehow it suddenly seemed to get warmer in here.

They were drinking champagne also, and we fell easily into small talk. They lived in Brooklyn, had two small kids (like us), but unlike us, they were fortunate that Jen's mother lived nearby and loved to come stay with her grandkids, so Jen and Brian frequently spent weekend nights in Manhattan. They had been to this party twice: the first time they watched in disbelief, sneaking off to a private room by themselves; the second time "we got a little more comfortable with it," Jen said, but they still stuck to themselves. "Now, here we are again. Maybe the third time's the charm!" she giggled.

We instantly liked them. They were like us (except a little more experienced on the sex club front). They were easy to talk to. We chatted for a few minutes and then Jen said, "Would you guys like to go somewhere a little more private?" Em and I looked at each other and it was instantly clear what the answer would be. "Sure, that would be great," Em replied.

With that we headed back across the dance floor and up the stairs. The two ladies led the way. Brian and I were a few steps behind. The break in conversation led to a little bit of awkwardness, at least between him and me. Neither one of us really knew what to say. Jen had been leading the conversation before—she was a bubbly talker, maybe because of the champagne, or giddy nervousness. So I said to Brian as we walked toward the stairs, "This whole thing is wild. I never really thought we could do it."

He replied, "I know. Our first time here we kept whispering to each other, 'I can't fucking believe this—this is crazy!' But it is also pretty damn hot to be so close to people when they're fucking."

"No shit!" I said. "I had no idea I would like it as much as I did, but it was a rush. Did you and Jen fuck like that on either of your trips here?""The second time we did," he answered. "We actually got approached by a couple, but it wasn't the right fit. We're not necessarily down with 'swinging'", he said, making air quotes with his fingers. "We just saw you and Em and thought we might be able to have a good time with you guys."

"Yeah, cool," I responded kind of nervously. I wasn't really down with "swinging" either, not in the broad sense of the word. Em and I often fantasized about being with other people, but neither one of us would embrace being "swingers". That was one of the many things I loved about our relationship—that we could be completely open with our thoughts and not be concerned about being judged. We were totally in sync on just about everything. The exceptions were anal sex, which didn't appeal to Em, and my occasional desire to put on her lacy panties before fucking her, which seemed more exciting to me than to her. She and I are a great match, both very sexually oriented, open-minded and non-judgmental. She is multi-orgasmic, likes to masturbate in my presence (and on her own), verbalizes her fantasies, and is basically always "up for it." Although she falls asleep quickly at night (unlike me), many times her last words will be "Wake me up in the night if you want to fuck me, baby." Hard to argue with that!

We ascended the stairs to the second floor, where there was a hallway that led to several closed doors. The doors had locks on them that showed green if vacant and red if occupied. Em and Jen, a few steps ahead of us, found the second room on the left available, and went in.

Inside was pretty plain. It was small but not tiny, with room for a king sized bed, side table and love seat. There were no windows. There was a faint overhead light and a battery-operated "candle" on the bedside table. Em walked over, put her champagne on the table and flicked the switch to turn on the candle. It offered a gentle, somewhat flickering glow. Standing in the doorway, I turned off the overhead light.

Em and Jen sat down on the bed. Jen was still holding her champagne. Brian and I, not sure what to do, closed the door behind us. I instinctively walked over to the loveseat, put my drink on the floor, and began to take my shoes off. Brian just stood in the doorway for a second. Luckily, Jen filled the silence before it got too awkward.

"Well....here we are!" she said and we all kind of giggled. "Why don't we just hang out and get to know each other a little better and see what happens. No pressure."

"Sounds good to me," Em said, and Brian and I both shrugged our shoulders in assent.

"Is this bed big enough for all four of us?" Em asked playfully?

"Let's give it a shot," Jen said as she scooted back onto the bed. She was wearing a little black dress and as she slid to the other side of the bed, I saw that she, like my wife, was not wearing any panties. That made sense, given the setting. Catching a glimpse of her pussy reminded me that we were probably in for more than just "hanging out."

She patted her hand on the bed and said "Brian, you and Scott should get comfortable too, so come on over." He lay down next to Jen on the outside of the bed, and I took the same spot on the other side of the bed. The two ladies were next to each other in the middle, on their sides facing each other, with the men spooning behind their wives. We were all on there, but it was tight.

"So...." Jen said suggestively, "you guys looked like you knew what you were doing up there in front of all those people. You sure you've never fucked in public before?"

This was an interesting conversation starter.

"Well, not like that," Em replied, "but we've done it in public before..."

"...Quite a few times," I interjected. "In France last summer we fucked on the street on the way back from dinner one night—right on the side of the road...and then we did it on the balcony of our hotel overlooking the beach and the sunset..."

"Ooh, how romantic!" Jen piped up.

"And usually whenever we're in a hotel, we fuck in the window," I continued.

"So you really are exhibitionists!" Jen said.

"Well, I guess kinda," Em said. "We're not shy about our sexuality. Our lives are hectic, but when we get some mental and physical space, we can go with it." She moved her hand over ever so slightly and it was touching Jen's leg.

My wife has never been shy about her desire to want to be with a woman. When she was younger she had some mild touching experiences with other girls, but nothing major. She and I had discussed the idea of sexuality as a spectrum, and if 1 is extremely hetero and 10 is extremely gay, she would probably be around a 4.5 or 5. (More later on where I fall on that scale.)

"Yeah that's sort of how we are too," Jen said, smiling. "We get the chance to let our hair down pretty often, between nights in Manhattan and trips down to Bermuda. We like to stay at the Standard Hotel in the Meatpacking district, which has these huge floor-to-ceiling windows that overlook the High Line. We fuck in the windows day and night when we're there. I'm surprised we haven't been busted yet."

"That's awesome," Em said, as her hand caressed Jen's leg and made its way under her dress.

"Yeah, sometimes we get a little rough too," Jen said.

"Oh?" Em replied. I raised my eyebrows too. Em had read the Fifty Shades series a few years ago, and even though they were super cheesy, those books definitely spiced up our sex. She wanted to be dominated from time to time, so I happily obliged.

"Yeah," Jen went on, "I have to make a lot of decisions in my daily life, so a lot of times when we're in bed, I want him to take control and do whatever he wants with me. I don't mind a little pain when it's mixed with pleasure."

"So what does that mean?" I asked.

"Can mean just about anything," Brian answered. "Hair pulling, choking, spanking, a lot of dirty talk..."

"Huh, we really have a lot in common," I said, "because that's all part of our repertoire as well. Not all the time, but sometimes." I noticed that Jen had put her hand on Em's and was guiding it further up her body.

"Would you mind if I touched your breasts?", my wife asked Jen. "They are so perky they're practically begging to be touched." Emma generally noticed other womens' tits, and Jen's, at this moment, perched in a push-up bra under a low-cut, tight dress, were hard to resist.

"Mmm," Jen cooed with her eyes closed, "Not at all, sweetie." Em obliged, rubbing Jen's left breast over her dress for a minute until Jen said, "I need to feel skin on skin," and slithered out of her bra as she slid her dress down below her chest and rolled onto her back. My wife lovingly worked her hand across Jen's exposed chest, just as I had done to her for so many years. Jen smiled and let out a deep sigh.

My right hand was on Em's right leg, and I moved it under her skirt and started slowly sliding her skirt up. She either didn't notice or didn't care, absorbed as she was in pleasuring this other woman.

After a silent moment, Jen said, "I really don't mind being dominated, because it's only a game, and I know Brian respects me completely."

"Yeah, I guess we don't talk about it that much," Em began, "but that's the way I feel too. There have been a few times where I feel like Scott has choked me to within an inch of my life when I'm riding on top of him, but I know I can always stop it. And after we're done, we snuggle up and he's very sweet and gentle. It is like a game—a pretty fucking hot one!"

"God, all this talking is making me really hot," Jen said as she squirmed a bit on the bed. With that, Em leaned in and kissed her, first just with lips, but very soon with her tongue as well. Em's hand worked its way down Jen's body and pulled up Jen's dress the way I had pulled up hers. Both of their pussies were exposed. Em had a nice little landing strip, Jen had a more traditional triangle, but closely trimmed.

After probably 10 seconds of deep kissing, Jen pulled back just a bit. "OK, I guess this is happening. You guys ok? Boys?"

"Absolutely," Brian said.

"Mm-hmm," was about all I could muster.

"Ok listen," Jen said, "I definitely want to play with Emma, but we need some cocks at this party too."

I stood up and unzipped and dropped my jeans as quickly and gracefully as possible. My cock was fully recovered from its earlier exertions and was ready to go. On the other side of the bed, Brian did the same thing, revealing a rock hard cock that was bigger than mine, but not so much that it made me feel inadequate.

That had been one of my concerns about this whole endeavor. I'm pretty average in every department: I'm decent looking, 5' 11" tall, about 160 pounds, not muscular but fairly toned, and my cock is probably average—6 or so inches when hard, decent girth. Em has always been happy...but what guy doesn't wish he had a bigger cock?

Going into this evening, I had been worried that someone with a monster cock would move in on my wife and change the way she looks at me. Brian was good looking, no doubt about that, and his cock was fairly impressive I guess, but it wasn't going to break any records.
