 This is a continuation of my story it takes place the night of the second day home.

11 p.m. We had finished eating and settled in to watch some TV for a while, the girls Settled in on the couch. Jim and I in chairs close together. My mom had a few too many drinks and was a little giddy. 

“Hay does any one want to see some home movies?” She asks.” I got some new ones today.”

Sure was the response from all. I couldn’t figure out where she had taken any today when she got up and opened the cabinet next to the video machine. She removed one and placed it in the player rewinding it firs she punched play and I got the surprise of my life there was mom and I in the shower.

“Oh shit you taped that...” I stammered “You can’t be serious.” “Where did you have the camera?”

“I have them hidden all over the house and have three recorders recording things.”

We sat and watched for a good hour with the girls shifting in their seats and even playing with their breasts. About an hour Mickey got up and said she was going to take a shower. “I could help if you want.” Jim chimed in. 

“Hardly, you would just end up trying to fuck me.”

“That’s, a bad thing?” he smiled

“I need to recover; tomorrow will be a better day.”

The other girls said they were going to bed also and left with her.

Jim and I just looked at each other. “I guess that means we are stuck with my room” I chimed in. Jim jut smiled “well I need a shower to cool off after that film”

“You can help me if you wish.” 

This got a big grin out of Jim. He grabbed my hand and pulled me to my feet. He planted a big kiss on my lips with me returning it. His hands drifted down to my ass where he got a good hold and pulled me closer. I could feel his prick as stiff as a rock. Mine was in same condition. “Do you think the first floor bath is taped also?” 

“God I hope so.” We started striping even before we got to the shower pulling each other along grabbing each others body parts as we went.

When we got there we could hear the shower upstairs running also. 

“I wonder who is washing whom?” we laughed.

“Who cares?” I replied placing him in front of me facing the shower head I started to soap him down. Paying close attention to his chest area, I loved his firm breasts and solid stomach. Proceeding down I skipped his prick going to his legs. I lifted his foot soaping it real well then turned him towards me I got on my knees placing his foot in my mouth licking each digit playing with the sole. Then I did the other one. I could see he was very excited from this treatment. 

He pulled me to my feet. Reaching for the soap he started to repeat the process to me. I was about to explode when he pushed my head down and leaned me on the seat in shower. I knew immediately what he was about to do and I wanted it... 

“Go ahead you butt fucker do my ass I need it bad.”

He got a big charge out of me talking dirty when we had sex.

You liked it when I fucked my mom in the shower didn’t you?”

Placing his hand firmly on my hips he started to enter me. 

“Oh yes you shit rammer do me do it hard I love it hard.”

“Ahhhh yes this is good you are tighter than any woman’s pussy.” “I love the feel of having my dick in your ass.” “You like being my little whore don’t you?” Reaching around he got a grip on my prick starting to jack me off.

“AHHH Shit this is going to be a good one.” He was running his mouth all along my back. With each stroke I could feel him expanding in my rectum. His other hand began to pinch my nipples real hard sending shivers all the way down to my pecker.

“OOOH GAAAG AHHH” he chimed as he exploded in my ass. 

He fell to his knees replacing his hand with his mouth”I need you to come in my mouth do it you mother fucker”.

Shortly afterwards I obliged him Cumming more than I had all day with the girls. 

We dried each other off and went to bed sleeping in a spoon position with him cuddle up to my ass

6 A.M.

I woke feeling very satisfied and happy with my visit so far. Then I noticed something wrong, my hands were bound to the head of the bed my feet to the foot. 

“You been a bad little slut haven’t you?” Mickey said smiling 

“You need a lesson on hat to do with that tool between your legs.”” It’s not for men it’s for us girls to play with.”

Beth was on the other side of the bed with a small whip in her hand. “I think he needs a good switching for wasting a good load on Jim when we girls are willing to take it.” “Don’t you Mona?”

That’s when I noticed my mom come into the room. She had something in a bowl and a glass of something in the other. ”Yes he do’s.” “I have something he will need too, if he wants to play a female he needs a shave don’t you think.”

‘Oh yes that is a good idea.” Mickey replied.

I started to worry what they had in mind but was sure they wouldn’t do any permanent damage so decided to let it go to see what they had in mind.

Mom got on the bed and started to lather me up between my legs. “He likes a shaven pussy to suck so let’s start with his pubic hair.” 

Each of the girls had a razor starting slowly they shaved me clean all around my cock. Then they lifted my ass and made sure the hair on my ass was removed also.

The feeling was strange kind of cool wile softer. Of course with three women playing with my ass and cock I was hard as hell. 

“No reason wasting a good boner.” Mickey purred. Setting atop it she groaned. “Ahhhh shit this is where this thing belongs.” “You are so big it feels like it will come out my mouth.” Just as I was starting to feel that this was going to be fun Beth struck me across the upper chest with the whip. “Don’t you dare enjoy this you pervert?”

This sent a sharp pain into me causing me to jerk my cock. 

“OHHH shit that did a good thing, hit him again.” 

Beth struck again and again causing the same reaction each time. Each strike caused me to spasm and jerk sending me further into Mickey. Mom then came to the head of the bed and straddled my face. “Let’s see if you can ea pussy as well as you suck dick.” 

Wanting to do what I could I started to suck her lips as good as I could. 

Beth showed up and placed some ice on my nipples, with the welts from the whip it sent a shock through me like I had never had before. Then she went to the foot of the bed and got between my legs placing an ice cube next to my anus. As you can imagine this sent a shiver through my body. When she pushed it into me I freaked out jerking and shaking my ass to try to get it out.

Of course this gave Mickey and mom a real ride. 

“AHH Fuck deeper you dick head fuck me harder.”

“OHHH YES suck me fucker sooo fuuuckinnng good damn it quit bighting my clit.”

About then I unloaded into Mickey and passed out from the jolt to my system.

THE BOYS GET REVENGE LATER