 It was very early in the morning when they had finished their wild fuck the night before, so nobody stirred in the cabin until the housekeeper knocked on the door at almost 1 pm. Jon staggered to the door and told the maid they didn't need any service. He returned to bed and lay down for a while to collect his thoughts. The knock and the bright afternoon light had been enough to cause the others to stir and it wasn't long before all four of them woke up.

Despite a long night's sleep Sam was still in really bad shape. He was heavily hung over and had a hard time even sitting up in bed. He looked over with a somewhat quizzical look as Vanessa crawled naked out of Jon and Michelle's bed, but either the meaning of it didn't register or he was too hung over to care. Vanessa moved over to him and tried to make him more comfortable. She helped him out of his clothes from the previous night and tucked him back into bed.

The other three took their turns in the shower and got dressed in casual clothes. Vanessa talked with Sam some more and then came out and met Jon and Michelle on the small patio. "Sam is still pretty wasted from last night," she said. "I don't think he is going to be up for anything today other than sitting in the room and recovering."

They talked about what to do and decided to go into town for a day of shopping. Vanessa said this was the perfect plan as Sam usually liked to be left alone when he was hung over anyway and he hated shopping. Jon didn't mind shopping so much and was more looking forward to spending the whole day with two beautiful women who had shared each other and him last night.

They took a cab into town shortly afterward and passed the day shopping and having a good time. In one shop Vanessa said she wanted to look for a new bikini. She said she had only packed one and considering how much they were wearing their suits she thought it would be good to get another. Michelle agreed it was a good idea and they dove into the rack of bikinis at the trendy little store as Jon found a chair in the corner and watched. They pulled out several selections and asked for the fitting rooms. The woman at the counter motioned to the back, but when they got there they only found one room behind a colorful curtain.

They shrugged at each other and entered together. Jon listened excitedly as he heard giggling and talking from behind the curtain. He envisioned the two of them stripping naked and modeling the various bikinis for each other. In his mind they also took some time to caress each other's tits and exchange a kiss or two.

They emerged laughing and talking a short while later. They each put all but one suit back on the rack and paid for their purchase. Neither women would show him the suit they picked and this served to really peak his interest.

Around dinnertime Vanessa called back to the hotel to see if Sam was up for diner, but he still was feeling bad. She said they would bring something mild back for him and then hung up. The three of them found a small restaurant off the main roads and enjoyed a nice meal. As they left Vanessa grabbed some tortillas and a big bowl of chicken soup for Sam which he eagerly ate upon their return.

He was clearly feeling better although he said his head was still pounding. "A little too many margaritas," he said with a sly wink toward Vanessa. "If my college days were any indication I should be good as new tomorrow."

That night they all sat on their cabin's patio and watched the stars come out in the night sky. They stayed out until the various bugs got to be too much to bear and retreated into their cabin.

Jon had hoped for a possible repeat of the previous night, but a part of him was exhausted and ready for a break. They had been partying and fucking pretty hard since they arrived. It seemed that everyone was in the same space as a few interested glances were exchanged as they prepared for bed, but ultimately all four of them crawled into bed early and fell asleep. 

The long night's sleep was just what Jon needed. He woke up Sunday morning feeling completely refreshed and ready to tackle just about anything. Vanessa and Michelle were also in high spirits as they talked excitedly about how to pass the day. Sam was over his hangover and happily joined in the day's planning. Since the previous day had been spent either shopping or recovering it was decided to head back to the beach in front of the hotel. The guys quickly changed into their suits and headed out to claim a spot on the beach. The women said they would join them in just a minute.

It was almost ten minutes later when Michelle and Vanessa joined the men on the beach. Vanessa wore a thin wrap that Jon had seen her purchase the previous day. It was light but covered her enough so they could not see what she wore underneath. Michelle wore a thin robe that she also had bought the day before. 

The women stood next to them for a moment to make sure they had the guy's attention. As the men watched Michelle untied her robe and opened it slowly revealing her new bikini. Sam didn't say anything but he stared eagerly and Jon merely said, "Wow!" Her new bikini was much more revealing than the one she had previously been wearing, and in fact was more revealing than anything Jon had ever seen her wear in public. Jon couldn't believe she had picked such an amazingly sexy bikini but he loved it.

She twirled slowly to give them both a full view of her new outfit. The top was little more than thin strings that went around her back and up around her neck. The only exception was when the suit passed over her tits. Then, the strings seemed to become marginally wider and were just wide enough to cover her dark nipples but little else. The tiny pieces of fabric did cover her nipples from view but left the rest of her tits exposed. The bottom was about the same with only an exceedingly thin piece of fabric covering her pussy. The back of the suit was a thong style so her ass was in full view. Large loopy knots held the suit together on both of her hips and in the middle of her back.

She lay down next to Jon and gave him a slow kiss. If Jon had his way he would have pushed her down and fucked her right there, but she pulled away from his kiss with a wink and they turned their attention to Vanessa. 

With a small flourish she pulled off her wrap and dropped it behind her. He wasn't disappointed. Her suit was technically a one piece rather than a bikini, but it was still amazingly revealing. It was made of a silver metallic material with tiny strips of the fabric in a V shape on her front. The fabric left much of her tits exposed to Jon's hungry stare and most of her upper body was left exposed on either side of the fabric V. The two strips of fabric met at her pussy and became a thong that left her ass completely exposed, a fact that Sam took advantage of by sneaking in a quick caress as she modeled her new suit. On her back the suit became a thin string that went straight up her spine to the base of her neck where it split and moved over each shoulder before rejoining the fabric at her tits. The suit left her sides completely open as not even a string crossed over her hips. She slowly twirled and accepted their catcalls and whistles with a wide smile. She finally lay down next to Sam and began to liberally apply her tanning oil as Jon tried not to stare too openly. 

They passed the day lounging and relaxing together. The women each received many looks from guys passing on the beach and Jon was proud to be with such a beautiful woman as Michelle.

Michelle, Jon, and Sam passed some time snorkeling in the water before returning to their spots on the beach. Vanessa didn't move much from her chair and was content to sit and read or just watch the other people on the beach. Jon partly suspected she didn't join them because of her suit. He guessed that if she started moving too much the suit might shift and start revealing the few parts of her that were currently covered. He felt his cock tingle slightly at that thought.

As evening approached they talked about how beautiful the beach was. Someone suggested spending the night on the beach rather than going into the city and everyone agreed. They planned to watch the sun set and the stars emerge from the comfort of the beach. They quickly pieced together a list of supplies and Jon and Sam set off to town to get what they needed.

They returned a little while later with some candles with insect repellant and a couple different kinds of alcohol. They ordered dinner from the small bar on the beach and sat readying for the sunset when the waiter brought their food. They finished eating just before the sun reached the horizon and all settled in to enjoy the show. The waiter returned saying it was last call, the little bar catered to tourists who relaxed on the beach and closed at sunset when the tourists typically went into town, and they each order a drink.

Drinks in hand they sat back to enjoy what turned out to be a remarkable sunset. The sky quickly grew black once the sun disappeared and the stars began to emerge one by one. The very warm evening air meant they were comfortable wearing about the same clothes they had worn all day. The two men had each put on a tank top while Vanessa had put on her light wrap. Michelle wrapped a sarong around her waist that covered her like a mini skirt, but she didn't cover her shoulders or tits.

More time passed and the evening's dusk changed into the night's darkness. The only light on the beach now was from the small sliver of moon and the multitude of stars that filled the sky. The small torches they had bought were now burning, and they released very little in the way of light but were doing a great job keeping the bugs away.

"I can't believe how quiet the beach is now," Michelle commented. Jon looked around and realized they couldn't see another person in any direction. They had set themselves up on the beach in such a way that they were fairly sheltered from view from their hotel, and there didn't seem to be any activity at all in the other small houses around the beach.

Vanessa also surveyed the surroundings and added, "Kind of makes me feel like doing something crazy. I mean, here we are on an exotic beach..." Her voice trailed off but she definitely had attracted the attention of the other three.

"What might you have in mind?" Sam asked.

"I'm not sure yet, but I'm sure it will come to me," she replied before standing up, slipping off her wrap and walking down to the water's edge. Jon watched her bare ass sway as she walked until he couldn't see it any longer through the darkness. She dipped her toe in and then walked into the water until she was submerged to her tits. "Come on in," she called, "the warm water feels great."

The others quickly got up and joined Vanessa in the water. They all swam and enjoyed the water for a few minutes, but soon the foursome moved close together and things quickly grew more sexual. At first the two couples simultaneously embraced in deep, passionate kisses as each couple fondled each other under the water. Things really started to get hot, however, when the couples parted their kisses simultaneously. Without saying a word but merely exchanging a look, the two women began their own hot embrace as Sam and Jon watched excitedly.

Once the women parted their kiss they went back to their partners before returning to each other. When the women parted their kiss for the second time they didn't return to their partners but instead went to the other man. Vanessa moved first and immediately wrapped herself around Jon and brought her lips to his. Jon responded right away and began fondling her under the water.

Michelle paused for only a moment before she moved to Sam and similarly engaged him in a deep kiss. Jon glanced over at the embrace and noticed that if Sam had any reservations about the situation he sure wasn't making them known. He eagerly responded to Michelle's kiss and Jon could only imagine what his hands were doing to her under the water. At first he wasn't sure how he felt about watching his wife wildly kiss another man, but since he had Vanessa's hot body wrapped around him he was clearly in no position to complain.

The foursome stayed in the water rotating partners through their deep kisses. When the men weren't kissing one of the women they watched excitedly as the two women exchanged long kisses. They kept up their mutual grope and kiss for a while longer before Michelle, much to Jon's surprise, whispered, "Let's go back to the room."

All four hurriedly gathered up their belongings off the beach and went back to their room. Both men clearly sported fully hard cocks that pushed obvious bulges in their suits as they rushed across the beach. It wasn't as obvious, but Jon could also see Michelle's nipples had hardened in her own excitement and pushed out against the thin fabric of her suit. 

As they entered the room Vanessa and Michelle held hands with each other and with their respective husbands. As soon as the door shut behind them the two women resumed their passionate embrace from the water. Jon couldn't believe how hot and sexy the scene before him was as he watched his wife's curvy, voluptuous body press excitedly into Vanessa's tight, lean body.

Sam was the first of the men to move and he quietly slipped behind Vanessa and started to rub her back. The women's kiss had quickly grown more intense and they now stood exchanging soft, probing kisses as their hands caressed each other's tits. Sam moved his hands down to Vanessa's ass and he started to massage and fondle her bare ass.

Jon watched the erotic scene before him continue for a short while longer before he moved behind Michelle. He immediately brought his hands to the big, loopy knot that held her top on and untied the knot. Her bikini top fell off into Vanessa's hands causing both women to moan softly and causing Jon's cock to surge with lust as he watched Vanessa continue caressing Michelle's now naked tits.

Her fingers softly explored the tender flesh of Michelle's big tits. The women were kissing less and less now as they became more and more engrossed in exploring each other's tits. Jon let his hands slide down Michelle's bare back and directly brought them to the knots holding her bikini bottom on. With two short tugs on the thin strings Michelle's bikini bottom fell to the floor.

Sam started removing Vanessa's suit and soon the two women stood before each other completely naked as their excited husbands stood behind them. Michelle was the first to turn around but Vanessa immediately followed her lead. The women met their husbands with wild kisses. Michelle's hands immediately found the knot at the waistband of Jon's suit and, once she found it, she pulled it until the knot was untied. She hurriedly pushed his suit down and Jon soon kicked his suit off to the side and returned to his embrace with Michelle as his hard cock pressed against her.

Vanessa took more time but soon she too had Sam's suit off and started caressing his hard cock as they kissed. She led him to the bed where she guided him down until he was lying flat on his back. Michelle followed her lead and soon both men were lying side by side on the bed.

The women both lowered their heads to their husband's cocks and began giving them blowjobs. Jon groaned as Michelle took him into her mouth and began giving him a nasty, hot blowjob. She wildly used her tongue, lips, and sometimes teeth until he was nearly out of his mind with lust.

He felt himself pop out of Michelle's mouth and he looked to see what she was doing. As they knelt over their men, the two women were now embraced in another hot kiss. Their tongues played back and forth for a long while, and when they parted their kiss the women quickly changed positions and resumed their blowjobs.

Jon groaned again when Vanessa's hot mouth encircled him. Vanessa used much more tongue than Michelle did and Jon marveled at the amazingly different feeling of her mouth on him. As she sucked she played with his balls to further drive him wild.

After a while longer the women swapped partners again, but this time they both mounted their men and started fucking them. Jon watched Michelle's gorgeous body move up and down as she fucked him. As usual, he was drawn to staring at her tits as they swayed across her chest hypnotically. He brought his hands up and pinched and teased her nipples to further her excitement. 

Jon wanted this fuck to last as long as possible and he was concentrating hard to avoid cumming. As Michelle continued riding him Sam groaned loudly next to him and Jon looked over to watch Sam cum as Vanessa fucked him. She continued riding him until he spent every last bit of his cum inside her. 

Hearing Sam cum and watching Vanessa ride him as he came pushed Jon too far to control. He looked back at Michelle and they made eye contact for a moment before he grunted and practically exploded inside her. She fucked him expertly as he came and flexed her pussy muscles to milk every last drop of cum from him.

Almost as soon as Jon finished cumming the two women embraced in another hot kiss as they each sat with their man's wilting cock inside their pussies. They resumed fondling each other's tits and soon had worked themselves into a near frenzy of lust. Vanessa climbed off Sam first and walked around to between the two beds. Michelle climbed off Jon and joined Vanessa as they crawled on top of the other bed.

Vanessa lay flat on her back with Michelle on top as they kissed and let their hands roam all over each other. Soon Michelle turned around and lowered her face between Vanessa's spread thighs. Vanessa spread her legs wider and groaned loudly as Michelle's tongue made contact with her excited pussy. She took hold of Michelle's hips and pulled her over on top of her until Michelle was straddling her face in the 69 position. As Michelle continued to lick and suck at Vanessa's pussy Vanessa raised her head and returned the favor to Michelle.

Jon moved over to the other bed and sat quietly on the edge as he watched the lurid scene play out in front of him. The two women teased each other for a long time before they brought each other to the brink of orgasm. Vanessa finally pushed Michelle past the brink first. Michelle raised her head and happened to make eye contact with Jon just as she cried out from her orgasm. Jon had never seen her look sexier than she did at that moment with Vanessa's juices and Sam's cum all over her face as she came wildly with her face just inches above Vanessa's pussy.

Michelle came hard and long and as soon as she was done she lowered her head to Vanessa's pussy and began to wildly tease her with her tongue. Vanessa was soon moaning loudly from underneath her. As Michelle encircled her excited clit with her tongue Vanessa's orgasm finally overtook her. She practically screamed out as Michelle continued to probe and tease her clit all throughout her orgasm.

When Vanessa had finished Michelle rolled off of her and crawled over to Jon. They met with a soft kiss and began to lightly caress each other. Jon could taste Vanessa from her lips and was wildly excited by that.

Sam had watched the women's actions from the other bed and had been stroking himself when Vanessa finally came. Vanessa stayed lying flat on her back after Michelle moved away and Sam came over and sat next to her. He leaned down and tenderly kissed her lips and then cheeks as Vanessa stayed motionless.

As Jon and Michelle continued their soft embrace and watched, Sam began to give Vanessa a full body massage. Jon felt himself growing excited as he watched Sam's hands slide over and explore every part of Vanessa's hot body. He and Michelle moved to the other bed together and watched as Sam began to focus his attention on Vanessa's tits. 
