 As we putt-putted back around the little point of land that protected "our beach", I noticed a slight frown on our host's face. I wondered what was bothering him. Had one of us neglected an article of clothing? No. But something...

Then I realized what it was. When we had left for the secret cove that morning, Gerry and I sat in the stern together, side by side, while Tom and Sue sat in the front. Now, on our way back, Sue had naturally taken the seat next to my husband, her new lover, in the back, while Tom and I had moved to the front. Our host must have been trying to reconstruct the pairing from this morning! 

Well, who cares? I thought. We'll never see this guy again, so why not give him a little something to think about? 

Just then we bumped up gently against the little dock near our hotel. Tom got out onto the dock and I reached my hand up to him to help me get out of the boat. He offered his hand and I jumped onto the pier alongside him. I took his hand and, before Gerry and Sue could get out of the boat, walked up toward the hotel hand-in-hand with Tom. I felt the proprietor's eyes on us and exaggerated my hip sway just a little. 

When we got to the hallway outside our rooms, I told everybody what I had concluded about our host. "Oh, my God," cried Sue, as we all dissolved into laughter. 

Each couple went to their own room. Gerry immediately went into the bathroom and turned on the shower, and I was about to join him when I thought about that wonderful big tub next to it. So instead of joining Gerry in the shower I turned on the hot water in the tub, then perched on the edge and watched through the clear glass as my husband took his shower. After shampooing his hair he soaped up his body. When he got to his cock his hand lingered there awhile, and I saw his cock begin to grow as he fondled himself. Not too hard to imagine what he was thinking about, I thought. He gave it a few more strokes and, just when I thought he might jerk off in the shower he let go of his cock, stepped into the stream of water and rinsed off. I stood as he came out of the shower stall and took his half-hard cock in my hand. We came together and enjoyed a wet hug and long kiss. "I love you," he said.

"I love you, too," I returned, "but now I've got a nice bath to take."

"Enjoy," he said. He toweled off and left the room, his cock now completely at full mast and wagging in front of his naked body. "I think I'll see what Tom and Sue are up to, while you're in the bath."

"Don't do anything I wouldn't do," I smirked.

I climbed into the tub, then lay back and luxuriated in the hot water. I closed my eyes and went over the events of the afternoon in my mind. Definitely one of the best afternoons of my life, I thought. I pictured Tom's beautiful cock, in my hand, in my mouth and in my cunt. My hand drifted down to my crotch and my finger lazily twirled my hardening clit. 

The water began to cool and my self-diddling, while nice, wasn't as nice as what I would feel from some fine cocks I knew were nearby. I soaped off, ducked to rinse myself, stepped out of the bath and reached for a towel.

When I entered the bedroom I found it empty. Recalling that Gerry had said he was going to find out what the other couple was up to, I wrapped myself in the towel and padded down the hall. The door to the other room was closed, but I felt free to turn the knob and open it. 

Directly in front of me, Gerry was lying supine across the bed, his head on a pillow. Sue was kneeling over him, partly facing me. She had his erect cock in both hands, which barely fit around the shaft. She gently pumped the shaft, then ran her tongue over the big, bright purple helmet, opened her lips wide and took it into her mouth. He groaned in pleasure. 

Tom was standing behind his kneeling wife with his cock already inside her. He was barely moving in and out of her as he clearly enjoyed the sight of his wife blowing my husband. 

I would have liked to join them but couldn't think of how to do so, so I just stood there and watched the three lovers. Sue was trying without much success to get all of Gerry's cock in her mouth and Gerry groaned again at the sensation. She finally pulled her mouth off his cock, probably to rest her jaws, and proceeded to run her tongue up and down the length of his shaft, dipping down occasionally to lick his balls. She was breathing harder now, and I noticed that she had taken one hand off his shaft and put it between her legs. By this time I had both hands between my legs, three fingers of one hand in my now-slippery vagina and the tip of the index finger of my other hand on my clit. 

This went on for some time as Sue's excitement built slowly. Finally she began to moan as an orgasm overtook her. She pumped Gerry's cock furiously as she shrieked out her pleasure. Tom picked up the pace and was now fucking his wife with long, fast strokes. 

There was a mirror over the bed and I thought I saw motion in it. Without raising my head, I looked in the mirror to see what was up. The first thing I saw was that I had forgotten to close the door entirely, and through the opening I could vaguely see somebody standing in the hallway. Our host! I thought maybe he would see me watching him in the mirror, but I guess his eyes were glued to the threesome on the bed. I couldn't see below his waist, but I suspected he was beating off to the scene in front of him.

"OH, OH, OH!" Sue cried out. "I'm cummmming!" 

Tom stopped his furious plunging and stiffened, his cock buried to the hilt in Sue's love channel. Then he grunted, clearly spewing his seed deep in his wife.

I was by now plunging my fist into my cunt and rubbing my clit as hard as I could in an effort to cum with Tom and Sue. I could feel the tingle of a building orgasm but it only reached a certain level and no higher. That felt very good but I really needed a hard cock inside me.

As Sue came down from her climax, Tom pulled his cock out of her and sagged down onto the bed alongside Gerry. Sue immediately swung her leg over my husband and sat down on his rigid cock. At the beach that afternoon she and Gerry had been very careful, easing his massive tool into her vagina, but this time she spared no time and sat all the way down onto it, right away. 

Damn, I thought, I was about to do that, myself! It was clear now that without a cock in me or a tongue on my clit I wasn't going to cum. As Sue rocked happily on Gerry's cock, I dropped the towel and walked over to Tom. Kneeling on the edge of the bed, I took his still partially inflated cock in my lips and started to work on it. Get hard, damn it! I thought. Tom lifted his head and looked at me, moaned appreciatively, and put his head back on the pillow. 

As I looked up at him, I remembered the mirror and the person outside the door. Sure enough, I could see the open door in the mirror, and in fact it seemed to be wider open than before. Now I could make out the face of the hotel owner, who was staring at my exposed cunt lips directly in front of him. Well, let him look, I thought, as I returned to my job of resuscitating Tom. Maybe Tom would be hard soon, or maybe Sue would get tired of Gerry's cock inside her and let me have a go at it. 

Yeah, right - on both counts. Tom had already cum three times that afternoon, and Sue wasn't planning to get off Gerry's monster cock until next Tuesday. Fuck it, I thought, and turned to look directly at the man in the doorway. I saw he still had his shirt and shorts on, but he had his cock out and was stroking it. It was not as thick as Gerry's and not as beautiful as Tom's, but it was long, slightly curved, hard and most of all, available. I raised my eyes to his face and saw that he was looking at me with raised eyebrows, clearly asking permission to bury his hard cock in my pussy. I gave him the slightest of nods, and he stepped fully into the room. I slid my knees off the bed so I was standing in front of him, legs spread. Without further ado he stepped up and shoved himself into me. 

Within three strokes my orgasm, which had been hovering just below a real climax, overtook me. "Oh, God," I moaned, rubbing my clit furiously. "OH GOD! ARGHHHHH!" 

As I came, I was vaguely aware that I was being plowed by a curved-cocked stranger whose name I didn't even know, while my husband was being fucked by a woman we had just met the day before! The thought drove me to even greater heights, and I began to scream inarticulately as my orgasm seemingly went on forever. Those screams, and the fact that the bed was rocking furiously with my new lover's thrusts, caused Tom and Sue to both turn their heads toward me. 

"My God," Sue exclaimed, "Andrea! What the..." She pulled herself off Gerry's cock so she could turn further and identify my partner. Liquid ran out of her hole and down her legs, and Gerry's purple glans appeared about ready to burst.

"I was so horny watching you three," I explained, "and then I discovered a solution!" The last part was a little difficult to say because just then my partner's curved cock hit something deep in my cunt and I exploded into another orgasm.

Sue turned back to Gerry and slipped his cock back inside her. She rocked her hips hard, as if she were trying to break it off inside her. Then she started to gasp again. 

"Oh, God, it feels so good," she panted, "So hard! So BIG!" With that, she stopped her rocking and screamed. "YES! NOWWW!" At the same moment, Gerry cried out and thrust his pelvis up, lifting his orgasmic partner as he came. 

Tom was staring at the spot where Gerry and Sue were joined together. He was hard again, and beating off to the sight of his wife's cunt lips as they flexed on Gerry's fat shaft. 

Meanwhile, the hotel owner was still pumping into my cunt. I liked the sensation of his long curved cock in me, but I liked the sight of Tom's beautiful cock more. I reached back and pushed my hand against our host, forcing him out of my cunt, then turned around and knelt over Tom, facing away from him. I eased down on Tom's hard cock, then reached out for the long curved cock in front of me. Our host shuffled up alongside the bed where I could reach him. I bent over and stuffed his glans into my mouth as I pumped the shaft with my hand. I felt Tom's cock deep inside me. Soon, another orgasm welled up inside me. I took the cock out of my mouth for fear I'd bite down on it when I came. "Ah, ah, ah," I cried as I pumped the other man's shaft furiously. "AH, AH, AAAAAAAAH!"

I closed my eyes as I came hard once again. Just as I was about to open them I felt the cock in my hand get even harder and larger than before, and something splashed on my eyelids. My host was cumming all over my face! After a few splashes, it seemed to stop and I opened my eyes. He wasn't spurting any more, but his cock was still pulsing in my hand and cum was oozing out of the tip. I glanced down and saw huge quantities of spunk all over my breasts, with some more dripping down from my chin. Without thinking, I put my lips over his glans and sucked out the last drops. Or so I thought! Suddenly it started to spurt again, this time into my throat. My God, I thought, how much semen does this guy have? These spurts were somewhat diminished, though, and I was able to swallow it all.

I was still impaled on Tom's cock but I could feel it wasn't as hard as it had been a minute ago. He hadn't cum yet, but maybe he wasn't going to. In any case, I was exhausted and the others seemed to be tired, too. Our host stepped back, tucked his now flaccid cock back into his shorts and murmured his thanks. He turned and left the room without a further word. 

I pulled off Tom, stood up and started to walk toward the bathroom to wash off. I felt totally depleted and a bit dazed as I waited for the shower water to warm and stepped in. Fortunately, Tom and Sue had left a bar of soap in the shower and I quickly washed off the cum that was all over my front and running down my legs.

When I returned to the bedroom the other three were exactly as I had left them. Sue was half sitting next to Gerry, while the two men were lying flat on their backs. 

When Gerry saw me in the bathroom door, he asked, "Did I see what I thought I saw?"

"Yes, dear, I fucked the hotel owner. I have no excuse. I'm sorry!" I started to cry, thinking my marriage to this wonderful man might be coming to an end. all because I couldn't contain my lust.

Gerry got to his feet and took me in his arms. "No, don't cry! And don't apologize! I thought it was super hot," he assured me.

"You did?" I asked, surprised. "Weren't you jealous?"

"Well," he admitted, "Maybe a little when I first saw he was schtupping you, but then I realized I wasn't in much of position to complain, being as how I was being fucked by another woman. Then I also realized how much it turned me on to see you cumming on a stranger's cock!" 

"Schtupping?" Sue giggled. "Is that even a word?" 

"Well, it was, back in Wisconsin where I originally came from," Gerry explained. "Do you want me to define it for you?"

"No, I think I know what it means," she laughed. 

I had recovered from my tears. "You're just a wonderful man," I told Gerry. "I love you."

"I love you, too," he replied with a grin, "and I'll never love anybody else, no matter how many other women I might SCHTUP." This last word was directed at Sue, who broke into laughter again.

"I don't know about the rest of you, but I'm beat," Tom said. "How about a short nap and then we go to dinner?"

"Suits me," Gerry said. "Coming, Andrea?" 

I was too tired to think of how to respond to the double entendre and simply took his hand to walk out through the still open door. We went back to our room and I fell on the bed, face down and stark naked. I was sound asleep by the time Gerry returned from taking his shower.