 As much as neither wanted to admit it, both couples knew their vacation was nearing its end and they would be flying home the day after next. Part of Jon wanted to stay in the room all day and do nothing more than fuck, but he knew that as willing as the mind might be the body needed to rest.

They spent all day Friday shopping and touring the island. They stayed there all day and didn't return to their room until after dinner. They all sat on the small front porch of their cabana sipping drinks for a while longer until someone suggested they go inside.

Once inside they all did fuck, but it was nothing as wild as the previous night had been. Instead, each couple went to their own bed and tenderly and leisurely fucked before they all fell asleep. Jon enjoyed the chance to be alone with Michelle during sex and loved rediscovering her body after so many days of wild sex.

For their last full day they relaxed on the beach until dinner. They returned to their favorite restaurant downtown for a wonderful meal and then planned to explore the one part of the island they hadn't seen yet.

A bartender at the hotel had told them that the wildest place on the island on the weekend was a dance club down by where the cruise ships docked. According to him the place was always full of horny, drunk American's partying their asses off.

One step inside the club and they knew the bartender was right. The music was loud and the place was packed. They all four jumped right into the party. A few hours and many rounds of drinks later they were ready to go back to the room for one final fuck.

They all had quite a bit to drink although the two women were probably the worst off. Jon knew that Michelle got hornier and hornier the more she drank so he had eagerly been refilling her margaritas all through the night in the hope that she would be ready for something wild tonight.

In the cab on the way back Sam sat in the front with Michelle in the middle of the back seat. Almost as soon as the cab pulled away from the club Vanessa began whispering something in Michelle's ear. Jon recognized the twinkle of excitement in Michelle's eyes and she and Vanessa whispered back and forth and giggled nearly all the way back to the hotel.

Back in the room each couple met in a wild kiss and began to strip off each other's clothes. Before long all four were naked and fell onto the beds kissing and groping each other wildly. Eventually Michelle moved Jon to the edge of the bed and got down on her knees in front of him taking his cock in her mouth. Jon watched as Vanessa guided Sam to his feet and then directed him to sit right next to Jon. As soon as Sam sat down Michelle moved over to his cock and began to alternate her attentions back and forth between their cocks.

Vanessa fondled Michelle's tits and rubbed her back as Michelle continued to wildly suck both cocks. After a while Vanessa guided Michelle off the floor until Michelle was sitting on the very corner of the bed. Vanessa dropped to her knees between Michelle's spread legs and immediately moved her mouth to Michelle's pussy.

Michelle moaned in pleasure and lust at Vanessa's actions and then looked over at Jon and Sam who were still seated on the other bed and said, "Come here." Jon moved to her and stood next to the bed with his hard cock pointing at Michelle's face. Michelle wasted no time in wrapping her lips around him and resuming her blowjob.

Sam took his place right next to Jon and brushed his cock over the side of Michelle's face as she continued sucking Jon. Michelle let Jon's cock pop out of her mouth and she reached up taking a cock in each of her hands as she looked back and forth between them with a wicked smile on her face. 

Using their cocks to guide them Michelle began to pull the two men closer until the tips of their cocks were almost touching. She released Jon's cock and pushed on his hip guiding him to move closer to Sam until their legs and sides were pressing closely together.

With a moan in anticipation of what she was about to do Michelle again took Jon's cock and opened her mouth wide as she leaned toward the two cocks. She pressed their cocks together and wrapped her fingers around both of them holding them steady as she tried to shove them both in her mouth at the same time. She could only get a little of them inside together but she repeatedly pulled her mouth away and replaced it on their cocks in between taking the time to sensually lick the tips of their cocks.

Jon was surprised at how excited he was by this. The feeling of her lips stretched tightly around both cocks was very hot and the hard shaft of Sam pressed against him also was exciting. Michelle kept up her mutual blowjob until she tossed her head back and began to gasp and moan in what Jon knew was her build up to an orgasm.

Vanessa had been licking and sucking her pussy the whole time and had finally pushed Michelle to her first orgasm. Michelle released the cocks and leaned back on her hands for support as Vanessa wildly licked at her pussy and clit. Her body reacted strongly to her orgasm and Jon couldn't help but reach out and pinch one of her hard nipples between his fingers. 

When she finally finished cumming she sat up straight again and looked back and forth between the two cocks lustily. She took each cock in her hand again and resumed her mutual blowjob with renewed excitement. Vanessa moved back from her pussy and knelt on the floor watching closely as Michelle frantically licked and sucked the two cocks.

After several more minutes Sam finally gasped, "Ohhh fuck," in what Jon assumed was his prelude to cumming. Michelle stuffed both cocks in her mouth as far as they could go and wildly stroked her tongue over their sensitive tips. She also started to stroke their shafts as Sam began to let out short grunts.

When Sam finally started cumming Jon felt his cock jump and thought he could feel Sam's cum surging through his shaft before erupting into his wife's mouth. Jon stared wildly as Michelle took at least two jets of cum into her mouth before she let the two cocks slip out and continued wildly stroking Sam. Sam sent several more jets of cum all over her face before he finally finished.

Michelle immediately turned to Jon and shoved his cock into her mouth as deeply as she could take it. Jon was amazed at her sexual frenzy as she sucked and licked his cock with a wild abandon that he had never experienced from her before. He stared at Sam's cum still coating her face as she bobbed her mouth back and forth on his cock.

It didn't take him long to start cumming and when he did she pulled her lips back so she only held his tip in her mouth. She stroked his shaft firmly and took nearly his entire load of cum into her mouth. Only as Jon sent the last couple streams of his cum into her did he finally see some of his cum begin to dribble back out from between her lips. 

After she had taken the last of his cum into her mouth Michelle was pushed down onto her back by Vanessa as Vanessa crawled over her and met her in a deep kiss. Vanessa's tongue immediately probed into Michelle's mouth and both men watched excitedly as some of Jon's cum squeezed out from between their lips and began dripping down Michelle's cheek.

In a move that Jon had only before seen in porno tapes the women changed places and Michelle brought her mouth a few inches away from Vanessa's before she opened her lips and let a large glob of cum drip slowly out of her mouth and into Vanessa's. Jon groaned in lust at the sight.

Sam and Jon merely stood and watched in amazement as the women continued trading places and playing with the cum between their mouths. By the time they finished they had swapped the ball of cum several more times. As they traded it back and forth and continued kissing more and more of the cum ended up smeared all over their faces.

When they finally parted their kiss Jon wasn't sure if either of them had actually swallowed the cum or if they had let it all drip out of their mouths and get rubbed into their face. By that point, however, he really didn't care as he was sure that he would never seen anything as hot and nasty as watching them swap the cum back and forth.

Vanessa looked into Michelle's eyes and nodded slightly as she smiled deviously at her. Michelle giggled and got up off the bed and went into the bathroom. Vanessa turned to the two men and looked back and forth between their mostly soft cocks. She stood up and moved to Jon and immediately dropped to her knees before him taking his entire length in her mouth.

She wildly but expertly sucked and teased his cock and balls bringing his cock back to its erect state. As he neared his full size she moved him to the bed and had him lay on his back as she continued the job of restoring his hard on. She spun around and straddled his face in the 69 position and he greedily licked at her wet pussy. He was aware that she was the only one of the four to not yet cum tonight and her wet pussy clearly showed she was ready for relief.

She toyed with his cock and made sure he was good and hard as Jon excitedly explored her pussy. Before long he found her excited clit and gently sucked it into his mouth. She immediately let his cock pop out of her mouth and gasped, "Oh God!" She started cumming right away and pressed her pussy down hard onto his mouth as she ground her hips from side to side.

By the time she finished cumming Jon's face was covered in her juices. He expected her to change her position but she remained still and resumed sucking on his cock. He lazily explored her pussy as she stayed over him.

After what seemed like several more long minutes, time was sort of a blur for Jon, Vanessa crawled off his face and straddled his waist. She lowered her pussy down onto his cock and slowly let his full length slip inside her. They moaned together at the feeling of his cock in her and she slowly began to fuck him.

Jon had been so involved with Vanessa he had lost track of Michelle and Sam. A groan from Sam made him turn his head and he saw that Michelle had his hard cock in between her fingers. His cock and her fingers glistened with some sort of gel that Michelle had apparently squeezed out of the tube she held in her other hand.

Jon alternated between watching Michelle stroke Sam and watching Vanessa ride up and down on him for a while until Michelle released Sam and moved beside Vanessa. She poured a large amount of the gel on her fingers and reached down behind Vanessa as Vanessa leaned forward over Jon. 

Vanessa groaned and Jon could feel Michelle's fingers moving near his cock. He assumed that she was playing with Vanessa's asshole just as Vanessa had played with hers the other night. Some extra pressure on his cock let him know that Michelle had inserted a finger up Vanessa's ass. Vanessa moaned lustily and looked back at Michelle with a look that smoldered with lust.

Michelle kept playing with her asshole until Vanessa turned to Jon and looked down at him with a gleam of utter lust in her eyes before whispering, "Ready?" Jon had no idea what he was saying he was ready for but he didn't care as long as she kept fucking him. "Yes," he said as she broke into a wide smile.

Michelle stepped back and Vanessa looked over her shoulder at Sam and said, "You know what I want." Jon looked at Sam as he stood stroking his hard cock. Michelle squeezed more of the gel onto her fingers and smeared it over Sam's cock as he moved behind Vanessa.

It was only then that Jon realized what was about to happen. He looked up at Vanessa with wide eyes as Sam moved behind her. He felt Sam's legs rubbing against his as Sam positioned himself. Vanessa looked back at Jon and smiled wickedly as if to confirm that he was correct.

Vanessa stopped moving over Jon and leaned forward as Sam pressed in close to her. She squealed softly and her face contorted into something like a look of pain but then quickly relaxed. For a long time she remained still over Jon as Sam worked her asshole until it was ready.

Finally, Jon felt Sam push forward and Vanessa yelped and gasped as Sam's cock entered her. At first Jon only felt a small change in sensation as Sam only pushed the tip of his cock up her ass, but soon Sam pushed deeper and deeper up her ass and Jon felt a large increase in sensation. He could feel Sam's cock stroking back and forth against his own through the thin wall between their cocks.

"Oh my God!" Michelle gasped in astonishment as she stared wildly at Vanessa and the two men. Jon watched Vanessa's face as she held her eyes closed tightly and still had a look of vague discomfort. That look disappeared soon as Sam slowly worked his cock into her until she apparently grew used to the feeling. 

Sam began fucking her ass a little faster now and Vanessa's eyes slowly opened and looked first down at Jon and then over to Michelle. "Fuck," she moaned to Michelle, "it feels like they're going to fucking rip me in two." Her tone clearly let them know that she loved it.

After a while longer Vanessa began to shift her hips back and forth. She really wasn't fucking Jon but her small movements combined with feeling Sam fucking her ass was more than enough for Jon. He groaned and began to push his hips up into her periodically in a matching rhythm to amplify the sensation.

Vanessa began to loudly groan and exclaim repeatedly how much she was turned on and loving it. Jon was surprised at how soon they settled into a steady pace that seemed comfortable to maintain. Occasionally he glanced over Vanessa's shoulder at Sam and noticed that Sam seemed to be working very hard to maintain his position behind her. Either that or he was just so involved in fucking her tight ass that he had assumed a look of serious concentration.

Jon could occasionally feel Sam's balls rubbing against his own as they fucked Vanessa. It happened more and more as they drew to an orgasm and their fuck became more and more excited. Vanessa was the first to cum as she suddenly gasped and cried out as she orgasmed. Both men stopped fucking her and just let their cocks remain still inside her as she rode out her orgasm and began to slowly regain herself.

The trio soon resumed its fuck and lasted much longer than Jon would have expected before cumming. Jon was teetering on the brink of cumming and knew that the only thing holding him back was the fact that he couldn't really fuck her very well in this position. Still the feeling of Sam's cock, her wet pussy around him and body over him, and the simple knowledge of what was happening was enough to bring him to the edge of cumming.

After a while longer Sam pushed firmly against Vanessa and Jon could feel Sam's balls rubbing back and forth against his own. With a loud groan Sam started cumming and Jon was supremely excited to feel the jets of Sam's cum spurting into her ass with his own cock.

Vanessa cried out loudly again and urged Sam on until he had shot out the last of his cum. As Sam shot one of his last jets Vanessa wailed loudly again and started to cum one more time. Her pussy clenched and wildly danced around his cock and Jon stared at her face and tits as she came harder than before.

He began to buck his hips up and down harder and faster than before and she responded by moaning loudly and pushing herself down on him. Jon could still feel Sam's cock up Vanessa's asshole as he and Vanessa began fucking. Jon could only stand a few moments before he groaned and pushed his hips up hard into Vanessa as she pressed down hard on him. When he finally started cumming it was one of the most intense orgasms he could ever remember and he filled her pussy completely with his cum.

When he finished all three of them stayed together with both softening cocks still inside Vanessa. Sam finally pulled out of her ass and Vanessa then slowly rolled off Jon and onto the bed next to him. Almost as soon as she moved Michelle quickly crawled onto the bed and straddled his face bringing her dripping wet pussy down onto his mouth. 

Jon greedily licked and sucked at her pussy well aware that she was as wet as he could ever remember her being. The idea that she was excited by watching Vanessa get double fucked really turned him on and he teased her clit and fucked her with his tongue mercilessly bringing her to the edge of cumming several times only to move his tongue and let her calm back down.

As he licked her Jon was very aware of the wetness coating his cock and balls. He knew that most of it was either his cum or Vanessa's pussy juices but he also realized that at least some of it must surely be Sam's cum and the gel that lubed her ass that leaked down as they all fucked.

As he again teased Michelle's clit and had her teetering on her own orgasm he decided this was the time and easily pushed her past her control. She groaned loudly and pushed her pussy down onto his face as she came wildly. Her pussy twitched and literally shook all around his tongue as he slipped his tongue inside her and savored the sensation.

This was the second time tonight he had been smothered by a wet pussy and he loved every minute of it. She rolled off him only when she completely finished cumming and collapsed on the bed next to him. He wrapped his arms around her and looked up to see that Vanessa and Sam had moved to the other bed and were holding each other and watching.

Jon didn't want this night to end but he couldn't fight off the sleep that came with all the drinking and the heavy exertion of all the fucking. As he drifted off to sleep he became aware that he was lying in a large pool of wetness on the sheets from him, Sam, and Vanessa. He smiled slightly as he fell asleep.

Fortunately neither of the couples had early flights the next day. Still, by the time they woke up, showered, and packed it was time for them to catch their cab to the airport. Jon and Michelle shared their shower and didn't fuck, but they did let their hands softly explore each other as they soaped and washed each other's bodies.

As he carried their bags out and looked back at the room he laughed to himself and thought that this must be what the sets look like after filming a porno movie. The bed where he and Sam had fucked Vanessa was completely disheveled with sheets pulled off and tossed on the floor. The middle of the bed was stained with the outline of the large amount of their combined juices and cum. He didn't think the housekeeping crew would have any doubts about what had been happening in the room but he doubted they would even come close to guessing what had actually happened.

All four shared the same connecting flight back to the US before boarding their own flights home. They took each other's address information and swore that they would keep in touch and talked about making this an annual or twice annual vacation for the four of them. 

Deep down Jon knew it was probably all just talk as they lived nearly half the country away from Sam and Vanessa. Still, they made the plans before finally saying goodbye to their new lovers. As he watched them walk down the long hallway to their gate he reflected briefly on how a simple mix up with the reservations had given him and Michelle the most amazing sexual experience of their lives with two strangers.

Just before they walked to their own gate he and Michelle kissed softly and whispered to each other, "I love you."