 Over the years my wife Jean and I have had what would be considered an outstanding sexual relationship. At one time or another we have tried just about everything two people can do sexually. Anal, oral, all the different positions two people can put themselves into, and we’ve tried all manner of sexual aids. One thing that we’ve really enjoyed, especially after the tongue has been loosened by a couple of cocktails, is talking about different scenarios, more then one guy or girl, sex with another couple, that sort of thing.

One of the things that I’m always kidding Jean about is that since she gives such a great blowjob, we could both retire if she would go into the blowjobs for hire business.

She could give anyone a run for their money when it comes to giving Head.

This past weekend I was watching Saturday Night Live, fighting to keep my eyes open. Jean had gone to dinner with a couple friends and I expected her home at any time. When she walked in the door, I could tell right away that she must have had a couple of cocktails; she had that look in her eyes and the glow to her face she gets when drinking.

“Looks like you had a good time” I said as she came into the living room.

“I had a very good time; in fact I had an unbelievable time. I’ll tell you about it in a few, but I really need a shower first.”

As she turned to go up stairs, she dug in her purse, pulled out a VHS tape and tossed it on the couch next to me. As she walked out of the room she said, “I got this from one of my friends, check it out; let me know what you think.” And then I could hear her heels as she went up the stairs.

I get up, plug in the tape, grab the remote, sit back in my recliner and hit the play button. I can tell right away that this is somebody’s homemade porn tape. There’s a lot of noise, music playing in the background, and it sounds like four or five people talking but it’s hard to tell. 

What I’m seeing is a close up of some guys cock sticking out of his boxer shorts; a hand with dark red nail polish is slowly stroking it back and forth. In a matter of thirty seconds it goes from being semi soft to fully erect. The camera moves in even closer so that all I can see is the tip, then a mouth moves into view, Bright red lipstick, very sensual, the tongue snakes out from between the lips and licks the tip of the cock, and as it pulls away there’s a droplet of pre cum that’s draped between the cock and tongue.

I’m wondering where my wife got this movie as the mouth on the TV screen opens and slides over the head of the dick. As the mouth pulls away the tongue slowly circle’s the head and licks the opening on the tip. Through the jumble of voices I hear a guy say “Oh Jesus, I’m going to cum.”

As this guy is getting ready to blast off I find I’ve developed a pretty good hard on myself. I start rubbing my own cock through my pants, thinking maybe I should wait for the wife, this might put her in the mood, and maybe I could get a blowjob of my own.

Just as the mouth on screen covers the tip again, I can see the cock start to twitch, and the mouth starts working to keep up with the flow of sperm that this woman is trying to swallow. As the twitching stops and the cock slips from her mouth the camera turns away and kind of pans the room as the woman says “Ok, who’s next.” 

There’s something about the voice that catches my attention, but with all the other noise on the tape it makes it difficult for me to figure out why. As the camera pans the room I can see place looks like a fancy hotel suite. 

The camera comes back to where the king size bed is. There’s four guys around a woman who is sitting on the corner of the bed, one guy is on his knees in front of the woman and although it’s hard to tell, from the position I assume he’s eating her pussy, she’s wearing a black dress that’s riding up on her hips and a garter belt that’s attached to black stockings.

Two guys are standing one to her left and one to her right; she has one of their dicks in each hand. There’s a forth guy standing right in front of her who blocks the view so I can’t fully see the woman. I assume he’s the lucky guy whose load she just swallowed.

This is where everything changes. The guy holding the camera says “Jeff, take the camera for awhile, after that blow job you won’t be able to get it back up for awhile.” He laughs as the camera is lowered and there’s nothing in the frame for a few seconds. After the guys change places the camera comes back up and into focus. It’s the fist time I really get a look at the woman, and to my utter mind-boggling disbelief the woman sitting on the end of the bed with an ear to ear grin on her face and hard cocks pointing at her from all directions is my wife of twenty-three years, Jean.

She turns her head to the cock on her right and takes it in her mouth and starts a steady rhythm using her hand and mouth. Sliding back and forth till the guy starts jerking his hips, another load of sperm starts flowing into my wife’s mouth, it seems to be more then she can swallow all at once and cum starts leaking out both corners of her mouth. 

I don’t know what to do; I’m astounded by what I’m seeing. I know I should be raving mad, but the truth be told I’m really turned on. I’m sporting the biggest hard on I’ve ever had. I think to myself that I should get up and turn this off but I just sit as my wife now turns to the guy on her left and tells him to lie down on the bed. He does so and Jean gets on her hands and knees between his legs and starts licking up and down his shaft. The guy who I presume to have been the first cameraman comes up behind my wife and starts to rub her pussy. She turns her head and says “Remember what I said, you can feel and taste all you want, but no fucking.”

At that camera guy gets down behind her and starts running his tongue from the point where her clit is to the top of her ass cheeks. Every time his tongue goes across her pussy and little puckered anus I can hear her moan through all the other noises.

The dick she’s sucking is smaller then normal so she’s having no problem taking the whole length all the way in her mouth. The guy starts trying to push his cock in deeper with every thrust even though Jeans lips are already touching the base of his cock on the top and his balls on the bottom. He yell’s out “I’m Cumming” and squeezes his eyes shut as the built up pressure lets loose. My wife pulls her mouth from his cock and starts jerking his cock with her hand as hard and fast as she can as he erupts into her open mouth. Every jet of cum that explodes into Jeans mouth drips back down onto his cock and her hand. She keeps jerking his cock and he keeps spewing blast after blast of sperm up and into Jeans mouth. For the guy with the littlest dick he cums more then I thought any man could. 

As Mount Saint Helens finally stops it’s erupting, Jean rolls over on her back and spins so that her head is at the corner of the bed. She has the last two guys stand on either side of her head and strokes both their cocks till there rock hard. She starts turning her head first to the left and sucking on one then to the right and sucks the other. 

After a couple of minutes she says “I need you guys to cum on my tits. I need to see your cum splattering all over me.” Both guys grab their dicks and start jerking for all their worth. Almost simultaneously they both start cuming. One big burst hits my wife right on the nipple, the second lands on her stomach and starts pooling in her belly button. After the first big burst the guy on the left leans over and squeezes the rest of his cum into my wife’s open mouth. First one big dollop lands squarely on Jean’s outstretched tongue. He keeps squeezing and jerking every last drop into Jeans mouth.

Finally Jean leans her head back so she’s looking into the camera upside down, she’s using both hands to slowly, sensually rub the sperm that’s splattered all over her breasts and stomach into her skin. Looking straight at the camera she says “What’d you think of that John? Not bad for a nights work.”

Without my even being aware, while watching this absolutely unbelievable movie I’ve pulled my own cock out of my pants and have been jerking it for God knows how long. As the last guy is blowing his load all over my wife’s tits I cum at least two feet straight up into the air. As the last drops of cum are landing on my leg I realize that my wife has come back downstairs and apparently been watching me from where I couldn’t see her.

She steps into the room and says “Well, I see you liked the movie, you’re always telling me I could make a bundle giving blowjobs.” 

Before I can even say anything she tosses a roll of bills on the table. “There’s eight hundred dollars there. I think I might just like this for a second job.”

To Be Continued