 Mike looked up at Sidney's face. He could tell she was close and it made him smirk. She had bet that Mike would be the first to lose it tonight, but Mike knew better. 

"Oh God, oh fuck, don't stop," Sidney panted. 

Mike had no intention of stopping, but he was simply stroking himself, watching the action unfold in front of him. The person making Sidney scream was her friend Amanda, kneeling down in front of Sid, eating her out. 

Sidney brought Amanda over to Mike's because she was curious about having a threesome with another woman. Mike, who had never been with two women at once, wasn't going to argue with his beautiful fuck buddy, so when the pair came into Mike's apartment earlier in the evening, Mike went along with everything, from the booze right on down to the nudity. 

Amanda was blonde, with light skin, a contrast to Sidney's dark hair and nicely tanned body. Both were curvaceous in all the right ways and as soon as the pair was naked, Mike was harder than he'd ever been. 

"Having fun over there, Mikey?" Amanda asked. Mike somewhat cringed at the nickname, but let it go, considering the source. 

"I've had worse times," he responded, still smirking. 

"Why don't we try to make it a little better?" With that, Amanda turned her head back to Sidney's pussy, and stuck her rear end up in the air. Mike didn't need an engraved invitation. 

He got down on his knees, behind Amanda, put a condom on and slipped his cock into her wet pussy. Mike grabbed Amanda by the hips and started slamming into her, causing Amanda to plunge deeper towards Sidney's slit. 

"No... fair..." Sidney panted. "I... want... some... too!"

"Don't worry, sweetie, you'll get your chance," Mike reassured her, continuing his jackhammering of Amanda's pussy. 

Amanda started moaning into Sid's pussy lips, which set Sid off again. Watching Sidney cum for the second time, Mike pulled out of Amanda, eliciting a groan for the horny blonde. 

"I think we should give Sid a rest for a bit," he told Amanda.

"What did you have in mind?"

"Just follow my lead."

Mike led Amanda to Sidney, sitting on the chair. He sat Amanda down on Sidney's lap, both girls had their legs splayed, showing off their neatly trimmed pussies. Sidney reacted immediately, bringing her hands to Amanda's waist and running them up to her breasts. She gripped them in her hands while she started nibbling on Amanda's ear and neck. Amanda began to moan, enjoying the feel of Sidney's hands on her body. They told Mike that neither of them had ever been with a woman before, but they seemed to take to it very naturally. 

"God, Sid, that feels so good," Amanda moaned and then turned her head, catching Sidney's lips with her own. The pair started making out, just like they did to start the evening's festivities. 

Mike took advantage of the girls being distracted and slipped his cock into Amanda's pussy. Amanda gasped, nearly breaking her liplock with Sidney, but Sidney wouldn't allow it. As Mike fucked her, Sidney kept kissing Amanda while groping her breasts. Within minutes, Amanda was cumming. 

Sidney finally broke the make-out session. 

"God, Mike, is it my turn, yet?"

As Mike pulled out of Amanda, he helped her stand up. She seemed a bit faint from her orgasm, which she still seemed to be in the midst of. 

"Go get 'er, tiger," she said, punching Mike's shoulder. "I need a bit of a break."

Amanda sat down on the floor, not far from the chair on which she had just been brought to orgasm. Mike turned his attention to Sidney.

"Looks like it's your turn, Sid."

Mike kneeled in front of Sidney's chair, slipping his cock into her. Sidney's arms and legs immediately wrapped around him. When he could feel that she had a good grip, Mike lifted Sid up off the chair and brought her down to the floor, just inches from Amanda's pussy. Mike brought Sidney's legs straight up, giving him a good angle to really get deep into Sidney's pussy. He began to thrust deep into Sidney, bringing his hands down to play with her breasts as he did. 

"God that's so hot," Amanda said as she watched. She had just been sitting there, recovering, but as soon as Mike started fucking Sidney in earnest, she began fingering herself. 

"Why don't you get in on this?" Mike asked Amanda.

"Really?"

"Let me return the favor from before," Sidney said, nearly breathlessly, nodding towards Amanda's pussy. 

Amanda got up and crawled over to the pair of entwined bodies. She straddled Sidney's face and lowered her pussy down to Sidney's lips. Mike smiled when Amanda let out a gasp as Sidney's tongue penetrated her pussy. 

Mike and Amanda leaned in towards each other, Amanda started rubbing Sidney's legs as Mike continued to play with Sidney's breasts. Panting, Amanda brought her lips to Mike's and the two began making out, the first time that evening that the two had kissed. Only the sounds of grunting, moans and flesh on flesh could be heard from the trio, entwined in each other's bodies. 

Mike was able to continue thrusting into Sidney and could feel that she was close. Her body began to shake and soon, she was deep into another orgasm. The vibrations she sent through the other two made their orgasms pretty imminent. 

Amanda was the first to cum, reacting to Sidney moaning into her pussy. As she came, she grabbed Mike and kissed him even harder, and the action, combined with Sidney's orgasm, was too much for Mike to handle. Within seconds, he was letting loose with a stream of cum into the condom, his own body shaking from the orgasm. They stayed like that for another minute or so, enjoying the feeling of each other's bodies. Before too long, though, Mike pulled out of Sidney and Amanda collapsed next to her – all to which Sidney let out a disappointed groan. 

Mike slipped up and laid between the two girls, each of them curling up to him and getting comfy. Mike, sated, kissed them both before suggesting they move to the bedroom from the linoleum. Before long, all three were asleep, holding each other.