 Cher looks like any other average, attractive woman. She is fit with blonde hair, blue eyes, big tits and a great personality. She is intelligent, has a great job, a nice apartment and active social life. But none of her friends know what she does when they aren't around. 

Cher has a kinky side that she loves to explore. And she goes on sexual "adventures" as often as possible. 

One particular such adventure happened the other night. 

She had gone out with friends for cocktails after work. After a few cocktails she decided it was time to hit the town. So she ran home to freshen up and get dressed for the evening. After showering, she selected a very tight, short dress that left little to the imagination. As always, her outfit did not include panties or a bra. Just the short dress, that barely covered her ass, and tall heels. After doing her hair and makeup and feeling confident in her look she headed out the door. 

The location of choice tonight was a club that was dark and always busy. She went straight to the bar and ordered a shot. Of course, she immediately caught the eye of a couple very attractive, tall black men at the end of the bar. They said hello and paid for her drink. She talked to them for a few minutes until someone asked her to dance. Without hesitation she led the man out to the dance floor and began dancing and rubbing her ass against his crotch. He seemed to be enjoying it because he started to get hard. But after feeling his small bulge, she decided he wasn't going to be able to satisfy her tonight. So, after one song she went back to the bar for another cocktail. 

The two black men were still standing at the bar and bought her drink again so she talked to them a little more. Both were very attractive and in great shape. One of the men asked her to dance so she led him to the dance floor. They began dancing very close and grinding up against each other and she was quite pleased with the bulge that began getting bigger in his pants. She turned around and pushed her ass against his growing bulge. He grabbed her hips and pulled her closer and began rubbing her thighs. It didn't take long before he realized she didn't have any panties on and he moved his hand between her legs. He could feel how wet Cher was getting and slid a couple fingers into her wet cunt. He proceeded to finger fuck her until the end of the song and then slid his fingers out and stuck them in his mouth. He smiled and started walking back to the bar. 

He ordered another drink, whispered something to his friend and his friend grabbed Cher's hand and led her out to the dance floor. 

He obviously knew her little secret because he wasted no time sliding his hands up her dress and onto her wet cunt. At this point Cher was getting frisky so she started rubbing his cock with her hand. She could tell he was well endowed as well and was getting quite worked up. 

They danced for a couple songs and the man led Cher off the dance floor. 

Once they made it back to the bar, the men looked at Cher and said "Let's go". She had no intention of resisting. While walking out to the car the men walked behind her, checking out her ass and occasionally lifting her dress to get a look at her bare ass. 

When they got to the car, one of the men opened the back door for Cher and she got in. One drove and the other got in the back seat with Cher. They didn't even make it out of the parking lot and Cher and man#1 were kissing as he was pulling off her dress. He pulled down his pants and revealed his big, beautiful, hard cock. Cher guessed it to be about 9 inches and she couldn't wait to get her mouth on it. She started licking and sucking the head making it even harder. 

It seemed like only a few minutes and she felt the car stop. She continued to suck #1's cock but felt the back door open and then she felt a hand on her ass and pussy. It was man #2 behind her. She didn't know where they were and she didn't care as man #2 slid his cock into her wet cunt. He felt even bigger than man#1 as he began slowly sliding his cock deeper and deeper. She continued to suck man#1 until she could tell he was about to cum. When he did, she held the base of his cock tight and swallowed every drop of his hot load. She was pleased to see that he stayed relatively hard and she continued sucking. But now he wanted to switch spots with man#2 so he got out of the car and walked around to the other side. As man#2 started pulling out he grabbed Cher by the hips and pulled her out of the car. She looked around and realized they were in a parking lot somewhere. There were a couple other cars around but she didn't see anyone. Man#1 then grabbed Cher, pushed her down over the hood of the car and slid his cock into her wet cunt. Man #2 came around to the side and pushed his hard cock against her lips. She smelled her cunt on his cock and began licking and sucking her juices off his hard cock. 

Man#1 slid his cock out of her pussy and she felt him spit on her asshole. She knew he what he was going to do next but there was no way she could stop it. She gasped as he slid his big cock into her tight asshole. It only took a few minutes for her to relax and enjoy the sensation of his big cock pounding her ass. She continued to suck man#2's cock with urgency, but he wasn't planning on cumming in her mouth. He told man#1 to stand her up and that's when they lifted Cher into the air. As they lowered her down she had one cock in her ass and the other in her cunt. They lifted and lowered her like they had done it before. Cher couldn't hold back and began cumming on their cocks over and over. When she finally came to her senses and opened her eyes she saw 2 more men who had been watching from their cars standing there with their hands on their cocks...