 It was early on an August Saturday and already the temperature was pushing a hundred. I had been at the pool doing laps before the sunbathers started to show up and it got crowded. As I approached the stairwell, I could see the two of them trying to get their new sofa up the stairs. It was a bit more than they could handle. I asked if I could lend a hand, and the three of us got it up the stairs, down the walkway, and into their apartment.

"Thanks for the help." one of them offered. "We never would have made it without you."

"No problem. You're very welcome." I said. "Are the two of you my new neighbors?"

"Yes. We just rented this apartment yesterday, and we want to get moved in this weekend."

I told them I would go change out of my swim suit, and be back to give them some help. We spent the next two hours hauling an unbelievable amount of stuff up the stairs and into their new home. Finally, we had the last box inside, and I said good-bye, and headed down the walkway to my place. I had been in the mood all week for some spicy food, so I threw together some chili. I thought I'd be a good neighbor, and offer some to the two new ladies, so I added more stuff and filled the crock pot. Even if they weren't interested, I could eat on this for the next few days.

About five o'clock, I grabbed the crock pot, and headed down to their apartment. When I knocked, the door was opened by the taller one, a really stunning brunette. She was surprised to see me, but when she saw what I had in my hands, she said, "Oh man oh man, we are both famished! We've been unpacking all afternoon, and are starving! We were just talking about ordering a pizza or something." 

I said, "This is my personal secret chili recipe, which I will never divulge. However, I do share the chili." They both laughed and pulled me inside. The place looked really good. They had arranged furniture, hung artwork, set up a bookcase, study desks, and had unpacked most of the kitchen. They grabbed bowls and spoons, and a large ladle, and we filled our bowls. The brunette jumped up and opened the frig, passing over a cold beer to each of us. "Perfect." said her roommate. I agreed, and we took the next few minutes to chow. I make my chili a bit on the hot side, so both of them- and me- were sweating, and swigging down the beers. I still think that there a very few things that taste better than an ice-cold beer and a bowl of hot chili. They both loved my chili, and asked for the recipe. "It's a secret, remember?" I said.

After we ate, we visited for a while, and then they both said they were exhausted, and were going to take a shower, and head to bed early. I joked and said, "Wish I could join you." I meant that I had a stack of homework to do that weekend, and I had to go get to work on it. Of course, that's not how they took my remark. The brunette said that sort of sounded like fun, and her roommate agreed. I was blushing like crazy and kind of sputtered my way to the door, and with them laughing at me, I made a hasty retreat home.

I saw them both a couple times over the next week, and we waved in passing. I was pretty busy with school, and didn't want to screw up my grades, so I usually didn't go out during the week. I'd see them coming and going quite a bit from my front window, as they had to walk past my place to get to the stairs. We'd wave, and I'd go back to studying. Friday morning, I almost bumped right into them as I ran out of my apartment. "Whoa! Sorry! I wasn't looking. I'm running a bit late to class." The brunette said that I should come to dinner at their place that evening, and since I didn't have any other plans, I said I'd be there. "Come at 5:30pm." she said. They headed to class, and so did I.

That evening, I knocked on their door, and was greeted by the roommate. She had dark hair, too, but I noticed for the first time, that it was a very dark red, a deep brown with lots of dark red color. She had it pulled back in a ponytail, but I could see that it was thick, and the ponytail draped to the middle of her back. "You're right on time." she said, "Come on in." She guided me to the table, and then she and her roommate, the brunette, began to serve me. They made it a big production, with a salad course, and wine, and a roasted chicken with vegetables. "We wanted to make you a special dinner to repay you for all your help moving us in last week. We really appreciated all you did- and especially your chili." We all ate our fill, enjoyed the wine, and had a great conversation all through the meal. They were both from out of state, and were graduating later this spring. I still had two years to go, but we hit it off, and I felt like they were pretty cool. They said they were surprised that I was three years younger than they were, and started joking about "robbing the cradle". 

We cleaned up the kitchen together, and the redhead found another bottle of wine, and moved us into the living room. We all three sat on their new sofa- the one that we had struggled to get up the stairs- and talked and laughed, and sipped our wine. I had preferred beer, but these two said that I needed to learn to enjoy a good wine- not the cheap junk- but a smooth merlot or a rich cabernet. It was a learning experience, and I found that I did like the taste. It was an enjoyable evening, and shortly thereafter, I said goodnight and made my way home. They were two very attractive women, but I hadn't been nervous, or felt stupid. They seemed to enjoy my company without all the games that people usually play. We had really had a fun time and I fell asleep dreaming about good wine and long, dark hair.

Sunday morning, when I headed out to swim, I found a note on my front door that read: "We'd like you to join us for dinner again on Friday. Same time." I made my way to the pool, and found the two of them already claiming their place in the morning sunshine. They were both laid out on big towels on two chaise lounges. They waved as they saw me approach. "We drank too much wine last night, but thought that if we were just going to sleep it off today, it might as well be at the pool, so we can work on our tans, too."

I laughed, and told them not to fall asleep and get burnt. Then I jumped into the pool, swam my laps for about half and hour, and headed back to my place. I couldn't help but notice that both of them had absolutely fantastic figures. Both had great tits, great legs, great butts... well, they were just great! I reminded them again not to get sunburned, and then went on home.

Late that afternoon, my phone rang, and it was the brunette. "We need your help. Please come over right now." She sounded upset, so I headed right over to their apartment. When I knocked, I heard one of them yell to come in. The door was unlocked, and I stepped inside. "We're in here." they called to me. I entered the bedroom, and found both of them lying on one large king bed. They still had on their suits, which were bikinis, and were lying face down. I could see immediately that they were cooked. 

"Does your front look as bad as your back?" I asked. They both groaned, and said they were totally cooked, front and back. "You two look like tomatoes. Or maybe lobsters." I said. "Did you fall asleep out there?"

"Yes. We weren't paying too much attention, and before we knew it, the entire afternoon had gone by. We were dozing. We did turn over a few times, but we forgot the sun lotion. And now, we are fried. It hurts to even move." 

"Okay," I said, "I'll be right back. I've got to run to the store. Don't move. I'll be just a few minutes.

"Don't worry. We aren't going anywhere. Please hurry."

I returned a short while later with a large bottle of aloe vera cream. "This is going to feel cold, but it will work a miracle on your sunburns." I assured them both. They just moaned. I squeezed out a large gob of cream into my hand and then began to rub it onto the neck and shoulders of the redhead. She gasped, but them realized that it was starting to lessen the pain. I tried my best to work around the straps of her bikini, but after a few minutes, she could tell that the suit was in the way.

"I want you to take off my suit." she said. "You need to be able to rub in the aloe everywhere, and the suit is in the way." The brunette asked me to please hurry, as she was still waiting her turn. I was already quite a bit hard from just the idea of rubbing lotion over two beauties in bikinis, but to NAKED beauties was a different story. But, I reached up and untied the top straps of her suit, and then the side ties of her suit bottoms. There really wasn't much that was covered in the first place, but now, she was all exposed to me. I did the same on her roommate, and assured her that I would take care of her shortly. "Please hurry." she said softly.

I rubbed the aloe cream completely over the redhead's entire back side, head to toe, and then told her she would have to turn over. She rolled gently over, and it was my turn to gasp softly. She was stunning! Her beautiful breasts rose firmly, as she took a breath. "This is a bit irregular. I don't usually lay naked with guys I'm not seriously in a relationship with. But I really need your help with the lotion. It felt good on my back, and now you need to do my front." So I did. I took more cream and worked it into her shoulders and chest, then down her smooth stomach, and all of the tops of her legs. I knew the aloe was really soothing to a sunburn, and she was responding by relaxing from the relief of the lessening pain.

I finished her by taking her feet in my hands and massaging them for several minutes. She was moaning still, but it sounded more from pleasure this time. I moved to her roommate, and repeated all that I had done to the redhead on her. As I was massaging the aloe onto her chest, I could see her nipples harden and stick out. It was all I could do to keep from suckling on them. I was hard as a rock, and it was obvious that I had an erection. Both of them were now completely covered in aloe, and I told them that they just needed to lie still, rest, and let the aloe start to heal their burns. I turned out the light, and as I closed their bedroom door, I told them I would check on them early tomorrow morning.

I managed to hobble home, and took some of the aloe cream and gave myself a handjob, exploding into the sink in my bathroom. It had only taken a minute or two, as I was so worked up from massaging my sunburned friends. 

The next morning early, I knocked softly, and then opened their apartment door, letting myself in. I called out to them and they both were awake, still in bed. I entered the bedroom, and told them it was time for more aloe. I tried to rub them both down efficiently and quickly, without getting excited, but it was just too much. The sight of both of them, lying there nude, and me rubbing my hands over their entire bodies, got me very hard very quickly. They both seemed to be responding likewise, as I noticed their pussy lips were fuller, and wet. They weren't going anywhere today, and I said I would check back after my classed in the early afternoon. I told them I would stop and bring home some food for them as well. I tucked my cock into my pants, pulled out my shirt to try to cover myself better, and left for class. 

That afternoon, I returned with a bag of burgers and fries, and found them both sitting in the living room. They still were not wearing anything, claiming that clothes still hurt their skin, but I could see they were not looking like lobsters today. They ate everything I had brought them. It was kind of weird to be sitting there dressed, and watching two goddesses eat in the nude. Then, I gave them the bottle of aloe. "You both look a lot better today. Just keep putting this lotion on you, and your skin won't dry out and peel. You should be good to go in a day or two." I started to get up to leave, and the brunette pulled me back. 

"If you don't mind, we'd really like you to stay and put more lotion on us. You make us feel really relaxed. And, actually, it's kind of a turn-on, too." I said that I'd be happy to oblige them, but as I reached for the aloe bottle, the redhead said, "But you have to take off your clothes, too." I wasn't going to argue with that suggestion, so pulled off my T-shirt and jeans, and moved closer to apply the lotion. "You forgot your boxers. Those come off, too." I was already hard, and it was readily apparent, so I grinned and yanked the shorts off, too. "Wow." both girls said in unison. "You look good enough to eat." I laughed, and said that they had just finished a late lunch, and we needed to get more aloe on them. They moved closer, and I began to work the lotion into their skin.

I was standing behind the redhead and lathering the aloe all over her shoulders and back. As I moved lower, I dropped to my knees to be able to reach her lower legs. That wasn't such a bright idea, because it put my face about even with her beautiful ass. As I worked the lotion onto her legs, she moved her legs apart, revealing her pussy folds between her legs. I could smell her scent. She turned around and said, "Now the front, please." I stood to do her shoulders and chest, massaging her breasts gently. Her breathing changed, growing deeper and I could see her nipples responding to my touch, growing firm, and pointing outward. As I moved lower onto my knees, rubbing the lotion onto her stomach, I found myself gazing directly at her beautiful pussy. She was a natural redhead. She had trimmed her bush like the spread of a butterfly's wings, but it was definitely the same deep, rich red color. I worked the lotion down her legs, but as I came back up, she took hold of my head, and pulled my face to her crotch.

"Lick me." was all she said. Her stance was wide, and I could see her pussy in front of me. I leaned forward and began to attentively lick her cunt lips. My tongue flicked lightly over her bud, and she let out a gasp, and pulled me to her. I found her clit again, and held it gently, but firmly in my lips. I began to suck it gently, and she started to push hard against me, wetness oozing from her. I could tell she was going to cum soon. I kept on sucking and licking her clit, focusing on that, and she was clutching my head pulling my face hard to her. Then she let out a yelp, and began to shake. I reached up and grabbed her ass, holding her butt, and pulling her tight to me as well. She stood there gasping and shaking, and finally, said, "Stop. Please stop. I'm going to pass out.!"

I helped her to the floor, where she sat, leaning back against the sofa, trying to catch her breath. The brunette had sat there watching this all, rubbing her pussy. She smiled slyly, and said, "Now it's my turn!" I repeated all with her- the lotion, the massaging, the licking, and the cumming. She, too, came quickly, standing in front of me, pressing her wet cunt into my face. I was proud of myself for getting them both off, but my balls were beginning to ache. I was still very hard, and my cock was standing up at full attention. The brunette sat next to her roommate, and the two of them were facing me. I was still kneeling in front of them, my cock sticking out in front, pointing directly at them both.

"You still have lotion all over your hands." the brunette said. "Rub it on your cock. We want to see you cum."

So I began to stroke my hard cock, my hands easily sliding the length up and down, coating it in aloe. I didn't think it could get any harder, but it felt like it did. The two of them couldn't take their eyes off of me, following every move of my hand on my cock. It was such a turn-on, stroking myself in front of two naked beauties, as they rubbed their pussies, and fondled their tits. "Cum for us." said the redhead. "Cum. Cum now." And I did, spurting and spurting out all over the two of them. They were a bit surprised at my orgasm, but laughed, and rubbed my cum into their skin, just like the aloe cream. I shot several spurts, and then collapsed back on my heels, breathing hard. 

"Thanks for helping us again today." she said. And then, the redhead stood, reaching down to help me to my feet. She planted a kiss on my lips, and said, "We hope you'll be back tomorrow afternoon to doctor us one more time." I promised them I would, tugged on my clothes, and headed home. As I showered, I jacked off again at the memory of that afternoon, and in anticipation of tomorrow.

The next afternoon, I found their door unlocked. I called to them, and they both said to come on in. As I entered, the two of them came out of the bedroom, still naked, glistening with the shine of the aloe cream. One of them started to undress me, and the other said that today they were going to "take care of me". As soon as I was naked, my cock immediately sprang to life. "I think he likes us!" said the brunette. The redhead took hold of my cock and led me into the bedroom, pushing me face down on the sheets. "Lie still. It's your turn now." she said.

I could sense the two of them climbing onto the bed, one on each side of me. They squirted some cream on my back, the shock of it causing me to jump. Then the two of them began to rub the cream onto my body. They both worked diligently until I was completely covered, and completely relaxed. Then they began to play a bit, squirting more aloe onto me, and then rubbing it in, only now using their breasts. I could feel their nipples as they rubbed their tits all over me. Then, one of them, reached down and began to lube my ass crack and balls. My cock was hard and trapped beneath me, but she was focusing on my balls and my ass. My cock just kept getting harder.

Then they rolled me over, and asked me if it was okay to fuck me silly. What a dumb question! "No. I'm hard as a rock, tremendously excited, and I'd rather go home now..." I said. They both froze, thinking I might be serious.

I grabbed the redhead, and threw her onto her back, and climbed on top. In about three seconds, I had rammed my cock deep into her pussy, and I was fucking her as hard as I could. Then, before either of them could react, I pulled out, threw the brunette to the bed, and slammed into her. I started to fuck her the same way, hard and fast. Then, I suddenly pulled out of her, too.

I rolled onto my back, and asked them both, "So... who wants to fuck some more?" It took them a couple seconds to get over the shock, and they both jumped to their knees. 

"You are in deep shit, mister. You are going to get it!"

"I certainly hope so." I replied. The redhead moved quickly, and straddled me. She took my cock in her hand, rubbed the crown of it back and forth over her clit, then lifted herself just enough to shove me inside. She sat down, fully impaling herself on me. The brunette moved quickly, and straddled me as well, facing the redhead, and holding her wet cunt just inches above my face. She lowered herself onto my tongue, and I began to lick and suck her pussy. At the same time, the redhead began to slowly ride my cock.

She moved up and down the shaft slowly, her pussy gripping me tightly, a hot, wet vise, milking my dick with each movement. The other one was grinding her pussy into my face, and I was eating her out for all I was worth. She was very wet, and I could tell she was close to cumming. I reached up, found her nipples, and pinched them tightly, pulling her forward toward her roommate. As she leaned forward, I was able to extend my tongue and lick her cunt up and down its length. I kept up a steady tugging and pinching on her nipples, and matched that with my tongue in her pussy, and suddenly, she orgasmed. I had just taken a breath, thank goodness, as she ground her cunt down against me. Her hips were thrusting back and forth as she rubbed her pussy hard against me. She was yelling, "OH OH OH OH OH YES YES YES!!! I'M CUMMING!!!!"

The redhead started to pump herself faster up and down on my cock, and she, too, suddenly started to cum. She was grinding back and forth with her hips, too, slamming my cock in and out of her. She started yelling, "I'M CUMMING TOO!!! OH YEAH OH YEAH OH YEAH!!!! OOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHH...". They both were gushing wetness, and humping me and cumming and cumming and cumming.
