 AUTHOR NOTE: I believe in safe sex and proper protection. However I prefer not to write it into the story. This is set in a world, similar to our real world, except there are no STD's or unexpected pregnancies.

This story is the second in a series about Jessica and Aaron. While it is not necessary to read part 1 before reading this story, it may be beneficial. This is a long story. There is a lot of setup as the plot gets more complex, but I think the sex is well worth the wait. I appreciate any and all comments, either posted publically or sent privately.

Enjoy as their story continues.

===========================

About mid-morning Aaron awoke and slowly opened his eyes. 'Was last night real, or just a dream?' he asked himself. The sex had been so incredible. He and his wife Jessica had shared their bed with Gina, a girl they had picked up at a nightclub. It had been their first threesome. He had fucked Jessica, and he fucked Gina, and he eagerly watched as Gina and Jessica pleasured each other. It was all so incredibly hot.

He rolled onto his side next to Jessica and wrapped his arm around her naked body. She had been waiting for him to awaken. She looked into his eyes and smiled before they had a soft gentle kiss.

"Good morning." he said.

"Good morning, Honey." she replied.

"Is she still here?" he asked.

"No. She's gone. I got up a while ago to use the bathroom. Gina and her clothes were gone. She must have left as we slept." Jessica said, the smile still on her face.

Aaron also had a fuzzy memory of getting up to use the bathroom sometime after dawn, but it didn't occur to him at that time that Gina and her clothes were gone.

"Was last night really as incredible as I remember? Or was that a dream?" he asked.

"An incredible dream come true." she replied and kissed him again. Her hand reached down between his legs and gently grasped his half-hard cock. "Mmmmmm" she purred.

"Didn't you have enough last night?" Aaron asked in a playful manner.

"I never get enough of you." She replied as she gave his cock a good squeeze.

"Are you interested in breakfast in bed?" he asked with a seductive look on his face. Since before they were married, 'breakfast in bed' was their secret code phrase for '69' oral sex as foreplay before having intercourse.

"I thought you would never ask." she replied sarcastically as she raised herself up, turned to face his feet, and swung her leg over his body. She lowered her pussy onto his face as she leaned forward and sucked the head of his cock into her mouth. When his tongue took a long, slow, deep swipe through her pussy, she moaned.

Jessica had many thoughts and feelings about the previous night's activities. Their first threesome had opened their relationship to a whole new world of sexual pleasures. Gina had been exactly the girl that Aaron and Jessica had been looking for. The threesome had been incredible sex for all of them. Jessica had her first girl-girl sex with Gina and it had been more than she ever imagined it could be. She also had fabulous sex with her husband. And she was surprised by how much she enjoyed watching Aaron have sex with Gina. She felt no jealousy whatsoever, most likely because she was there to witness the whole encounter. She was certain that Aaron had a fantastic time as well.

The question would be, was it a one-time event, or would it happen again? Might it lead to sex with others, possibly even 1-on-1 and without their spouse? With all these thoughts in her head, she found it difficult to focus on her oral attention to Aaron's cock which she continued to lick and suck. She was also distracted by Aaron's tongue on her pussy.

Aaron was enjoying eating Jessica's pussy, something he always loved to do. She was particularly wet and tasty this morning. Was she possibly still horny from the memory of last night? He was already very aroused from the oral activities by his wife, and by his own memories of last night. For Aaron, fucking Gina had been an incredible sexual rush. It was his first time with another woman since he and Jessica became a couple. He loved Jessica so much, but having sex with another woman had been a fantasy, which was now fulfilled. Or had it just whetted his desire for more? And because Jessica helped make it happen, he loved her even more. He wondered if he would get another opportunity to be with another woman. Thinking about all this sex, in addition to Jessica's oral ministrations, had his cock very hard and it was throbbing.

"I think we're ready for the main course." announced Jessica as she lifted off of Aaron, swung back around to face him and straddled his body. Holding him in her hand, she lowered herself down upon his cock. She was almost surprised at how easily her pussy accepted his girth.

"I never get enough of you, or of this." She said just before leaning over and kissing her husband.

Their eyes locked upon one another as Jessica started to ride his cock.

"Did you enjoy last night?" she asked wanting to ascertain his feelings about what they had done.

"You know I did." He replied and then asked, "How much did you enjoy Gina? She was your first time with another girl."

"I didn't expect that having a girl eat my pussy would be different that having you eat my pussy, but it was." Jessica was talking while slowly fucking her husband's large cock. Remembering having sex with Gina was making her even more aroused, and even wetter as her pussy slid up and down his manhood. Then she added, "Different, but not better."

"How so?" he asked as he was curious.

"She was gentle, and had a different technique of moving from one place to another with her tongue and lips." she answered. "It's like, you know, I sometimes like sex with you gently, as we are now, and sometimes I love for you to fuck me hard. So it is different having you lick me and having her lick me. Different, but both are wonderful."

While she was describing the feeling to Aaron, she had a vision of Gina between her legs, once again eating her pussy. Jessica knew that she wanted that experience again, with Gina or with another female.

Their love making was a bit surreal, Jessica was riding his cock, moving her hips up and down and forcing his cock in and out of her very wet vagina. It felt wonderful for both, and also very familiar. At the same time they were having an open, serious discussion about the activities of last night, their first sexual threesome. It was obvious that they were enjoying the sex, and the discussion about sex.

"It appeared you really enjoyed Gina eating your pussy." Aaron remarked. "However, I hope you're not giving me up for her. And did you like eating your first pussy?" he asked, wanting to continue the conversation with hopes they would eventually discuss what else they might experiment doing.

"Eating her pussy was definitely a thrill. Obviously something very new for me. I must admit I loved it, and want to do it again." Jessica responded, probably saying more than she intended. However, she could feel Aaron's cock throb when she mentioned wanting to do it again. She took that as a sign that he wanted things to happen again.

Looking down at her husband's face she saw him grinning like the cat that ate the canary. She squeezed her vaginal muscles around his cock and he moaned. 

"You're really enjoying this discussion?" She asked and he just continued grinning. She picked up the speed of her thrusts upon his cock. She really loved the way he filled her with his hard rod, and she wanted to feel his hot cream fill her.

"Tell me how much you enjoyed fucking Gina." she asked. Again she felt his cock throb inside her pussy. In a way, she already had his answer.

"I must admit it was really hot, especially with you watching and participating." he replied a bit sheepishly. "When you twiddled her clit and pulled her nipple, you really set her off which made both of us cum hard. That was amazing."

Jessica was actively riding her husband harder, making the stretch drive for a mutual climax. She figured that talking about his having sex with Gina would only make him more aroused.

"So you want to fuck her again? Don't you?" she continued the interrogation while slamming down on his cock.

"Yes . . . I . . . do!" he spoke between gasps for air.

Jessica surprised herself by getting more aroused listening to her husband talk about how he wanted to fuck Gina again. She slammed her pussy down on his cock one more time, setting off her own climax, her pussy clenching his cock, her body quivering and her arms and legs tingling. 

"I'm cumming!" she announced as her pussy flooded over his cock.

"fffffuuuuuucccccckkkkk!" he let out slowly as his orgasm hit, his body arched upward, his cock swelled and then released jets of cum deep into his wife.

They stopped as their orgasms rolled through their bodies. They took gasps for air. And then she laid down on his chest, his cock still inside her.

"But you're always the best." he added, almost embarrassed that he had admitted that he wanted to fuck Gina again.

"I will admit that watching her ride your cock hard, like she did, and then helping her reach an intense orgasm was extremely erotic." Jessica said "Just doing that last night, gave me a small orgasm."

They shared a gentle kiss and held each other lovingly.

"However, my real question," Jessica began "is whether last night was a one-time thing, or might we do it again?" She asked even though she thought she already had her answer.

She didn't let on that she wanted to try other things without him, such as a 1-on-1 with a female, and even having sex with another man. She knew she had some leverage on that when she wanted it. If he wanted to fuck another woman, why shouldn't he be okay with her fucking another man? She wanted to find a way to ease into that discussion.

"Last night was fucking incredible." Aaron said softly. "If you are willing, I want to do it again."

"I guess we are changing our boundaries of what is allowed and not allowed." Jessica wanted to gain clarity on what their new boundaries were, and felt best if she defined her limits. She didn't really mind him fucking another woman as part of a threesome, but she wasn't so sure about him having sex with another woman privately, just 1-on-1. However, if she wanted to have sex with another man, Aaron likely wouldn't be interested in a MFM threesome, and he may not want her alone with another man. This was all dicey territory for their relationship.

She continued, "Last night we took a big step in our marriage. I think we are both comfortable with what happened, even excited about it. Do we consider doing more than just that?"

Aaron stared at his wife. He had many desires, and many questions. Maybe this was the time to broach moving the boundaries on their relationship.

"Consider more? Like what? An open marriage? Having sex with other people?" he tentatively asked.

Jessica was biting her lower lip, a sign she was nervous about where this discussion was heading. But they had always been open with each other and had agreed upon decisions together. Their decision to do a threesome had worked out fabulously.

"Do we only have sex with another person in a three-way, where we do it together? Or do we love and trust each other having sex without the other?" She answered his questions with questions, not really giving away her own desires.

"Would you agree to me having sex with another woman alone? Just me with her?" Aaron answered, thinking only about his own situation, his own desires.

"After watching you and Gina last night, I think I am willing to accept you being alone with another woman." Jessica replied in a slow deliberate voice. Then she dropped the other shoe, so to speak, "Assuming that you would accept me being alone with another man."

Aaron froze at her words. He hadn't even considered her having the same desires that he had, sex with another lover outside of their marriage.

Jessica clearly read his reaction. "You're weren't considering having a double standard, were you honey?" she asked frankly. Then she decided to give him another way out, a choice.

"We could," she began "decide to only have threesomes and have sex with others together. Last night we had a woman in our bed and you had sex with both of us. We could invite a man into our bed and I could enjoy both of you."

Aaron felt uncomfortable where this discussion had led. He mentally kicked himself for only considering his own desires and sexual needs. Last night had been fantastic and he had even loved watching Jessica make love to Gina. Maybe he should accept her being with another man, if she accepted him with another woman. But the thought of him in bed with another man and Jessica in a threesome, was just too much for now.

"Of course you're right." Aaron forced a smile as he spoke lovingly to his wife. "I can't have a double standard. I have admitted that I want to have sex with other women, and I should accept you having sex with other men. We love each other, and sex with others shouldn't change that. So I'm thinking that we shouldn't limit ourselves to just threesomes."

Aaron continued. "I think it was beautiful and fantastic that you made love to both Gina and me. But I cannot picture myself in bed with another man. So, to be honest, I'm not ready for a threesome including another man. Can we put that on hold? I'm still all in for another threesome like last night, and I guess we can agree to some sort of an open marriage and sex with others. I suppose we should discuss limits and rules."

Jessica smiled at her husband and gave him a quick kiss. "I love you so very much. Nothing can change that." She said. "However right now I need to pee, and I want some coffee. Then we can discuss this more."

Jessica pulled off his flaccid cock and rolled off to the side of the bed. "Meet me in the kitchen." She got up and walked into the adjoining bath where she peed, cleaned herself of excess fluids of various types, washed her hands, brushed her hair, and brushed her teeth. Feeling better, she slipped on a thin, short, somewhat revealing robe and headed back through the bedroom towards the kitchen.

Aaron got up and headed towards the bathroom.

Reaching the kitchen, Jessica started the coffee and then set out two mugs on the counter. She saw the note that Gina had left. Jessica smiled when she realized that Gina had left her number. Apparently she wanted to be contacted, presumably for a repeat of their activities.

Jessica hid the note in the drawer, keeping it secret from Aaron for now.

A few moments later Aaron entered the kitchen wearing only a pair of gym shorts. She poured a cup of coffee for each of them and they sat down in the living area.

"This is a major change in our relationship." began Aaron. "You sure you want to do this?"

"We are only discussing the possibilities, right now." Jessica replied. "Talking can't hurt anything, can it?" She repeated the line she used the previous week when they talked themselves into having a threesome.

Aaron's heart was full of love for his wife, and the joy she gave him. He felt certain that together they could expand their sexual horizons while maintaining a complete love for each other.

"So we are considering an open marriage? We're both free to have sex with other people?" Aaron asked. "There should be some sort of rules or limits, don't you think?" He asked the question that he had not really considered himself. He just felt they had to have some limits.

Jessica answered, thinking on the fly as she spoke. "First, regardless of what we do with whomever, we always come home to be with the one we love. This is about sex with others, not falling in love with others."

"Agreed." Aaron replied while nodding his head. "And we fully confide with each other about everything we have done. Watching you with Gina was really hot. I do want to hear the details of everything you do."

"And I want to hear about everything you do as well." Jessica added on to his thought.

They paused as they each took a sip of their coffee. It was still a surreal discussion, over coffee, about having sex with other people, something that is normally forbidden within a marriage.

"I have another limit." Jessica started. "Neither of us has sex in our bed without both of us there, like last night. Our bed is where WE make love and have sex together, and sometimes with a third. Our bed is sacrosanct." Aaron nodded in agreement as she spoke, acknowledging her feelings on the subject.

"Do we ask permission before going out with someone?" Aaron asked. It felt very awkward, asking his wife for permission to go out and have sex with another woman, but he didn't know another way to address the issue.

Jessica thought a moment about the question, then replied. "I don't think we need to ask permission per se, but we should let the other know when, and with who. Sort of like when you tell me you're going out to have a beer with the guys. We should be open with each other, not hiding anything. I may even want to meet your lover, and we should feel okay with that."

Aaron thought about what she had said. He wasn't sure he wanted to meet the other men she might have sex with. Actually he wasn't sure he was totally comfortable with the idea of her having sex with other men. But he knew he couldn't have a double standard. He hoped he would eventually fully accept the new open arrangement for both of them.

Jessica spoke up again. "I have another suggestion I want your thoughts about. If having sex with others is only about the sex, and not love, then when the sex is over, we should come home. I don't see any reason we both should not be home, together, in our bed at the end of the day."

"Agreed. We both come home to each other every night." Aaron then took another sip of his coffee. "This just feels so different, our discussing something that a month ago would have been so wrong, having sex with other people. I admit it is exciting, but also I'm anxious. I don't want us to screw up our marriage."

Jessica replied, "We just need to keep talking with each other, not only sharing our experiences, but also sharing our feelings. And we can't hide anything. I think that if either of us has problems accepting what we are doing, we need to stop this new way of life. We need to be committed to our marriage first, and to have trust in each other."

- - - - - 

About noon Aaron left for the gym and his daily workout. Jessica was still thinking about their new arrangements, and the memories of the previous night. She went back to the kitchen and pulled out Gina's note. Picking up her cell, she dialed the number. On the third ring, the call was answered.

"Hello." Gina answered, not recognizing the calling number.

"Hey Gina, its Jessica. Thanks for leaving the note and your number."

Gina relaxed, comforted by knowing the caller. "I don't always leave my number. But last night was fantastic. To be honest, based upon how that happened, I wasn't sure I would see you and Aaron again."

"Well . . . . Maybe we should discuss that." Jessica was thinking quickly. "Can you meet me for lunch? Tomorrow? Aaron will be out playing golf. I'd love to see you again, and, you know, talk about things."

Gina could only hope and imagine what things Jessica wanted to talk about. She really liked Jessica and wanted to know her better, as well as her husband whom she also liked.

"Yeah. Lunch tomorrow." Gina replied. "How about that new cafe over on 12th Street? I've been dying to try something new."

Jessica remembered how last night Gina had said that she was looking to try something new, and for her, last night's threesome was indeed something new, for all of them.

"Me too. I've heard great things about that place. Noon tomorrow?" Jessica was becoming excited about seeing Gina again, even in public, and what that might lead to down the road.
