 Author's note: I make no claim to being a good writer. I just felt compelled to share this little episode. I tried to keep the story from being too long-winded by editing some of the emotional aspects down while keeping the sexual energy of the experience intact. I hope you enjoy it. ;-)

* * * * *

Jen's tight little ass was fully on display. My friend Tom reached for the thermometer as I gently rubbed a little oil around the rim of her asshole. I had Jen's beautiful body across my lap with her cute little butt pointing up in the air. Jen looked slightly over her shoulder as Tom gently placed the tip of the plastic thermometer at the entrance to her asshole. The rim of Jen's ass contracted a little in anticipation. Tom playfully started to tease the rim of her ass with the thermometer, pushing slightly in then out. A laugh escaped Jen's lips as she let our fingers along with the thermometer explore her little secrets. Both Tom and I had our eyeballs focused in on the erotic display before us. Jen's scalped tight buns showcased a perfect little asshole with the beautiful folds of her pussy lips completing the picture. I gently rimmed Jen's ass with the tip of my finger as Tom put some more oil on the thermometer. Jen's asshole quivered a little as the cool tip of the thermometer made contact again. I used both of my hands to pull Jen's ass cheeks apart giving Tom better access. Jen squealed in delight. Both of our dicks were still engorged and wet from dipping into Jen's pussy. Our thermometer routine was a tantalizing way to slow down the pace of our lustful activities while keeping the sexual tension high. I slowly pushed the thermometer about two inches into Jen's ass. Leaving the thermometer in her asshole, both of us started to gently caress and explore other parts of Jen's beautiful body. Jen let out a pleasurable sigh as our hands moved over her smooth skin. This was truly a delightful way to spend an afternoon. 

My work frequently takes me to various parts of the country. In the spring of 2004, I was on a flight from Chicago to San Francisco just having wrapped up some work in Illinois. Sitting next to me on that flight was a very attractive woman named Jen. Jen was about 30 years old, tall and slender with nice curly brown hair that hung around her shoulders. We chatted during the entire flight. I loved the sparkle in her eyes.

Upon landing in San Francisco I asked her if I could have her phone number. Jen politely declined but handed me her email address instead. A couple days later I sent her a short little email about how much I enjoyed our conversation. Jen wrote back a friendly note and we started exchanging emails about once a month. Since Jen lived in San Diego while I resided in Portland, it was unlikely that anything would ever happen. 

It was more than a year later that I was presented with an opportunity to work for a couple months in San Diego. As it was damn rainy in the Pacific Northwest during the month of November, sunny California sounded like a great escape. I sent Jen an email that I would be traveling into her area and asked if she would be interested in meeting for dinner.

Jen and I really hit it off on our first dinner together. The chemistry was working. Jen was extremely bright and curious about everything. This led to many fascination conversations as we continued socializing. It was truly enjoyable spending time with Jen. From candlelight dinners, hikes, museum tours and watching a few sunsets we were having a terrific time. 

Finally Jen invited me over to her place for some wine and cheese. I had a feeling that things would be taking off romantically rather soon. We had talked the night before about how fun it would be to do some skinny-dipping. So I did have high hopes for the evening.

Jen greeted me at the door wearing a perky, sexy sundress. After a nice hug and kiss she handed me a glass of white wine. We flirted a bit on the couch as we talked about an art show we were scheduled to see that weekend. It must have been about 20 minutes into the conversation when I asked Jen if she had any munchies to go along with the wine. That question provoked a naughty smile on Jen's face as she got up from the couch. 

With a teasing look in her eye, she suggested we have our wine and cheese in the bubble bath. At first I though she was joking. But I quickly realized she was serious, as she started stripped off the dress in front of me revealing her sexy bra and panties. With a bounce in her step I followed her to a lovely setting – a bubble bath by candlelight with a tray full of delectable cheeses along with an additional bottle of wine. In the bathroom Jen striped totally naked and slipped into the hot bath water. Pulling off my cloths I joined her in this soapy paradise. 

Relaxing in the bathtub, we told stories, shared the cheese and wine and playfully touched, caressed and explored each other's nakedness under the soapy bubbles. It was incredible romantic and erotic. It was almost an hour later before we finally started kissing and moving into the realm of more lustful activities. 

So how did I end up being so lucky sharing wine in cheese in a bubbly paradise? I suppose it had to do mostly with our open and honest communication. From day one we felt uninhibited talking about our thoughts, hopes and dreams. I know that might sound a bit corny, but it allowed both of us to open a few doors that normally would have remained shut. 

Having reached the seasoned age of 37, I have learned that playing games is a waste of time. It does help that a few women give me a flirtatious glance as they assess the preppy looking, tall, well-built guy standing in the room. But these little moments are normally lost in the hustle of everyday life. Intriguing possibilities that dissipate as quickly as they appeared. But sometimes a magical opportunity comes together, which pushes open the door to some adventure and romance. 

Well the door was wide open as I was surrounded in warm bubbly water fooling around with a fun-loving naked woman. Jen's small nipples were now standing at attention as my hard dick pop through the bubbles. Soothed by the wine, my hands glided over her slippery body as we continued kissing. With the power of what felt like an electric shock, Jen wrapped her fingers around my cock. Damn that felt so good! With a naughty gleam in her eye, Jen turned around in the bathtub so that her nice round ass was facing towards me. Ah, what a perfect view.

Moving up behind her, I positioned the head of my cock at the entrance to her pussy lips. With the bulbous head of my cock I started to simulate the sensitive areas of her clit and outer pussy lips. Jen moaned in delight as my cock bounced around her tight pussy. The inner folds of her pussy lips started to enlarge, opening the way for my entrance. Moving my dick slowly up and down her pussy lips, I would every once in a while push the head of my cock in just a little bit, teasingly raising the anticipation level. I could see the shiny gleam of Jen's pussy juices starting to build. Very slowly I started to press my cock into her awaiting hole. Intense feelings of sexual energy shot through my cock, as my hard shaft squeezed into her tight little cunt. Damn it was a beautiful sight as my dick penetrated all the way in! No words were spoken as we started our trance-like motions of sexual passion. The candlelight flickered over our bodies creating a very erotic scene. Jen started moaning loudly as my cock continued to push in and out of her pussy. Rocking back and forth with slow, long, powerful thrusts our bodies fell into a rhythm of intoxicating pleasure. 

The soapy bubbles glistened off of Jen's sexy little ass. Jen's pussy muscles squeezed my cock every time I penetrated into her. I slightly change the angle of penetration to vary the pressure on different parts of Jen's vagina. The warm water splashed around our bodies as my dick pounded into her pussy. Suddenly Jen arched her back in pleasure as my cock hit her G-spot. I started thrusting harder. Shockwaves of excitement started to shudder throughout Jen's body. Jen was groaning in pleasure. My cock was in heaven. Jen's body started to tremble as her vagina walls began some intense contractions. Jen's high-pitched squeal signaled the peak of her exploding orgasm that shook every part of her body. 

Jen's flushed face had a wicked grin as my dick continued to penetrate into her with wild abandon. Jen's hot sexy body was a powerful aphrodisiac. My cock was almost bursting from watching the erotic spectacle of soapy water splashing over Jen's tight little butt with each penetration. I struggled to last a little longer before I emptied my balls. The intense sensation of my cock impaled her pussy pushed Jen over the edge again. Jen's fingers tighten their grip around the sides of the bathtub as she hit another orgasm. My balls were yearning for release. Looking down at her sexy butt, I saw her little asshole wink at me with delight. Fuck that was awesome! I could not last any longer as my dick finally exploded, releasing a full load of white hot cum into her little cunt. 

Well, that was the start of our intensely passionate relationship. Our lovemaking was not just focused on sex. Great sex starts with good conversation. We learned a lot about each other over nice dinners in cozy little restaurants, laughing at funny movies, flirting over cocktails, taking long hikes surrounded by nature, discussing everything about life, dreams, art and sex. This closeness elevated our intimacy, which frequently led to some mind-blowing sex. Our lovemaking was not just confined to the bedroom. We made love on some deserted sand dunes by the sea, in a forest full of 200-year old trees and on a rooftop balcony that provide wonderful views of the city skyline at night. I once even bent Jen over the front of my car and finger-fucked her pussy in a parking lot BEFORE sitting down to a nice Italian dinner. Life was full of spicy delights.

I did notice that Jen had a bit of a secret exhibitionist streak within her. Not that she actually acted upon it, but it was there nevertheless. I once teasingly pop the question about how would she feel if I were to "show her off" to a couple of my friends. She laughed at this suggestion as she playfully lifted her shirt revealing her small tits and pop back the response that there wasn't much to show. I gave her a flirtatious grin.

One day I decided to test Jen's boundaries. We had rented a small vacation cottage along the Central California coast for the weekend. It was a perfect romantic love nest. Off in the distance you could hear the waves crashing on the rocks. The place was fully furnished with a large kitchen, living room, bathroom with an oversize bath, everything. Unfortunately our hot water heater was on the fritz! Not having hot water this weekend was NOT an option. So after complaining to the rental company this geeky 20-year old kid was sent to repair the damn thing.

Well the kid had laid out his tools on the balcony trying his best to fix the thing. Since it was nice and sunny outside Jen decided to take a walk on the beach. I still had to stick around until the kid finished his work. As Jen was about to leave she asked if I could apply a little suntan lotion on the back of her neck and shoulders. I noticed the kid sheepishly taking a quick eyeful of Jen as she approached the balcony railing. She did look sexy in her short white skirt and spandex sports top. 

Squirting some lotion in my hands I started to work the cream around her neck, shoulders and upper back. I took my time to allow the lotion to sink into her skin. Taking a bit of a risk I moved my lotion soaked hands away from her back, along her sides, then around to her front giving a little squeeze on her boobs. Jen's mouth dropped open as she gave out a startled laugh. The kid monetarily forgot what he was doing upon seeing my hands under Jen's spandex top playfully caressing her tits. What to do next...

Raising the stakes I told Jen that I would apply some lotion on the back of her legs. Jen hesitated for a moment. She gave me a somewhat questioned look, but her eyes revealed her excitement. Jen's lips exhaled a small breath as she turned her body so that she faced the balcony railing. I must admit a lump formed in my throat as I contemplated my next move.

As Jen leaned against the railing her beautiful legs were perfectly displayed. I started applying the suntan lotion on the back of her calves rubbing my hand in small circles until the lotion disappeared into her skin. Slowly, ever so slowly, I started to move my hands up her firm legs. My moment of truth was quickly approaching. Jen's sexy little white skirt barely covered her cute butt. There was not much fabric between the outside world and Jen's secret treasures. The kid's eyeballs were transfixed on the scene. My hands glided teasingly up past her thighs onto her ass cheeks. Jen let out a little gasp as she realized that my hands had lifted up her skirt. 

Jen's sexy butt was fully on display revealing her little thong panties that went up the crack of her ass. There was a moment of silence as the kid and I took in the view. Without skipping a beat I squirted some more lotion onto Jen's butt and slowly moved my hands in small circles. Jen's tiny thong panties barely hid her little asshole and pussy as my hands pushed apart her ass cheeks. I could feel Jen's heart was pounding. I continued working in the lotion while watching the rim of her asshole slowly peak around her panties. How far would Jen let her private holes be exposed to a total stranger? 

Hooking a finger around the fabric of her panties I pulled them aside to fully expose her cute little pussy and asshole. Jen gasped again as her legs and butt shuddered nervously in excitement. Time seemed to momentarily stop. The golden rays of the sun had direct access to her little pussy and asshole. The kid's face looked as if he was seeing the lights of heaven, as his eyes were totally locked onto Jen's exposed nakedness. Did I dare insert a finger into either her pussy or asshole? With one of my fingertips I teasingly touched the outlines of her pussy and the rim of her asshole. Jen's heart was really pounding now. I was really tempted to insert a finger into one of her holes. 

With a slightly awkward casualness my hands pulled away allowing her panties to snap back into her crack and her skirt to fall into place. Jen's face was a little flushed as she regained her composure. Jen had just experience her first exhibitionist moment. Leaving us on the balcony Jen had a naughty little grin on her face. I asked the kid how the water heater was coming along. He looked like a deer in headlights as he fumbled with a screwdriver. Well the kid did finally finished fixing the water heater and left the house still somewhat dazed. When Jen came back in from her walk on the beach she was totally fired up for some wild sex. It seemed that giving Jen some "exposure" really worked up her sexual appetite. 

That experience got me to think of other events that might offer some more fun-filled adventures. The following week I sent Jen a photo of my friend Tom who is a handsomely rugged guy. I have known Tom for over 15 years. Tom had taken a massage course a couple years back and had once offered to teach me some of the stroke techniques of deep tissue massage. I playfully imagined a few compromising situations which could develop by using Jen's beautiful body to practice on. 

Jen sent back a naughty email teasingly suggesting that she could squeeze us into her schedule for a steamy massage. Ah, she was into it.

Tom agreed to give me a little lesson on massage work, but he had no idea what MIGHT happen. Better to let things happen naturally, if at all. 

The following Sunday, Jen was sunning herself in a bikini on the deck when Tom arrived. After a bit of small talk, I helped Tom setup his massage table out in the living room. Jen entered the room sipping an ice tea. I suggested to Tom that we should leave the room so that Jen could have a bit of privacy to undress. With that comment Tom and I headed for the kitchen for some cold drinks.

After a few minutes I poked my head into the living room. Jen was serenely laid out on the table listening to music with her headphones. Jen had placed a couple towels over her hips and breasts. I motioned to Tom that she was ready.

Tom and I started the massage on Jen's scalp, neck and shoulders. Tom was really working deep into Jen's muscles as his fingers worked their magic. Jen soon closed her eyes as her body relaxed. After about 20 minutes we started on Jen's feet and lower legs. It was at this point that one of the towels on Jen's hips shifted slightly revealing just a small glimpse of her naked pussy. Since Jen was listening to her music, she was unable to hear my comment to Tom about her pussy being on display. Tom had a big smile on his face as he glanced a peek. Jen was still oblivious to what was going on. I started working the massage up her left leg which had the effect of slightly pulling her legs apart...giving Tom some more tantalizing glimpses of Jen's pussy. I gave Tom a little wink and smile as I started working my hands up her leg. Tom began to slowly realize that Jen's pussy might not be off limits for a little touch and feel.

My hands were now working the muscles of Jen's inner thigh. I eased a couple towels aside to reveal more of Jen's beautiful pussy. Continuing the massage I allowed the edge of my hand to brush up against her pussy lips. Jen did not react at all as she continued to listen to the music coming from her headphones. I continued to work my fingers into her thigh muscles while keeping a slight pressure of movement on her pussy. I knew Jen was playing along with an innocent act routine of being oblivious. It wasn't long before little drops of moisture started to appear along her pussy lips. She couldn't hide everything now that her pussy was on display. I was not sure what Tom was thinking but by the grin on his face I knew he was enjoying the view.

Lifting one side of the headphones off her head I "woke" up Jen. Acting with charming innocence Jen slowly opened her eyes. I told her to flip over so that we could work on her backside. As Jen flip over onto her stomach, I positioned just one towel over her butt and gave her a knowing wink. Jen's little smirk on her face told me that she understood perfectly well what I was up to. 

Again we spent a good 20 minutes massaging her back, neck and scalp. After that Tom and I started the massage work on her feet and lower legs. Working a little faster, I pour some more oil into my hands and proceeded up Jen's legs. It wasn't long before my hands were at the boundary where her ass cheeks began. The little towel covering her butt provided no resistance as my hand casually brushed it away. I felt a momentary tenseness in Jen's body as she realized that her butt was totally exposed. Jen pulled aside her music headphones as she looked back at me. Without missing a beat I asked Jen if she would be OK if her butt was uncovered. Jen gave me a little nervous laugh of approval as she replaced her headphones back on and closed her eyes. Jen's cute little butt looked damn sexy. Tom and I relished the sight of her tight ass cheeks that sloped down into her little asshole and pussy. 

I started working the muscles in Jen's left ass cheek as I motion for Tom to work on her other cheek. Soon are hands were really giving Jen's ass the royal treatment. Tom's eyes almost pop out as I positioned Jen's legs slightly apart to give us better access. Without missing a beat, I pulled apart Jen's ass cheeks allowed us a great view of her asshole and pussy. Taking the lead, I started to gently rub the outer lips of Jen's pussy. Soon Tom's hands joined in the fun. It was an awesome sight as four hands and twenty fingers started to play, poke and caress all parts of Jen's ass and pussy. Jen started to moan softly as our hands continued to play with her pussy lips and clit. Taking a bottle of oil I generously pour it all over her butt. Tom lost any inhibitions as he sunk two fingers into Jen's pussy, working his massage skills in her tight little hole.
