 It is a beautiful Friday night. The skies crackle and flash with lightening. There is a distant rumble of lightening. I am content. The meetings of the day had gone well. My presentation went extremely well. But best of all, I am heading to my hotel where you are waiting. My divine goddess is waiting for me. The anticipation is more than enough to put a smile on my face. 

As I drive my rental car into the hotel parking lot, my soul does not soar. My goddess is not there. I can feel the void. Has something happened? Worry and concern dominate my thoughts.  I stop at the desk to make sure the message and key I left were picked up.  Yes, you are remembered. You had been dressed to kill. You had picked up the note at about 6:00, two and a half hours earlier.  We were going to meet at 8:30. It is only 8:20. Then the clerk hands me a note. It is clearly yours. I can feel your sweetness.

Puzzled, I hurry off to my room. The note does not contain the key. I want to read it in private. I push the button to call the elevator.  It seems like an eternity but the doors finally open. I enter and the doors close. I am alone.  I can wait no more. The note reads:

“Dear Viking,

A sweet friend needs your special touch. She is waiting in your room. Something came up but I will make it up to you before you leave on Sunday. 

Love,

****** 

Mentally, I pause. Oh how I want to talk to you. I need to know more. I want to give and get love. I want you in my arms. I had been anticipating you? 

The elevator stops. The doors open. I am in front of my room, a wonderful suite. I had been thrilled to be upgraded. I had hoped to share this luxury with you. The suite includes a sitting room, a bedroom and a large luxury bathroom with doors off both rooms. I walk in. I remove my coat and tie. I wonder where she is ...Is the sweet friend gone?

Then I hear a soft moaning coming from the bedroom. One light illuminates the scene. It is a young voice deepened with passion. A veil of blond hair sits in front of my laptop reading the special story I had written for you. She does not even look up. I can see her calves hanging down from the chair ending in soft petite feet but the chair or her hair hides everything else. 

Her moaning suddenly becomes more intense as her body is rocked by an orgasm. As I approach I can tell that she is rubbing herself in that special way and quite enjoying my special story. I clear my throat to let her know I have entered the room. She stands quickly and blushes as she somewhat unsuccessfully tries to close the front of her unbuttoned dress. She mutters something about you showing her the story before you left about an hour ago.

I tell her it is OK. I am glad she enjoyed my story. I urge her to relax while I try to figure out what I am supposed to do with her. What is my special touch? She visibly relaxes but still holds her dress closed. She is quite young, maybe 20, but she has the curves of a ripe women. Her face glows with her recent orgasm. Her look is hungry, ready.

She asks if I wrote the story on the computer. I nod. She smiles and drops her dress to the floor exposing her white bra and panties. Both are accented with a trim of lace. Her breasts are smallish with erect nipples showing through the thin bra. The panties have a wet spot where I assume her nectar has soaked through. With that peculiar lustiness of an aroused women, she asks me to make love to her just like in the story. Needlessly to say I am somewhat taken aback but my manhood responds to the invitation. I open the bed and tuck her in. I slowly undress, first my shoes, then my shirt and finally my pants. Her eyes flash with excitement and anticipation as I unveil my hard erect cock. I slide into bed beside her and kiss her on the neck. Then she tells me she is ready for me to stick my cock in her pussy as she tosses her damp panties to the floor. 

Suddenly she seems much younger and too anxious to please. She does not know about loving or being loved. I gently caress her hair. She seems so vulnerable. I kiss her neck and gently blow warm air across her ear. Her body trembles. My hands caress her breasts still covered by her bra. Her nipples are indeed hard. I gently pinch the left and she moans. I reach behind her and undo the bra. So soft and smooth, her skin is perfect.

I move my head down and suckle on a breast. My hand runs along her tummy and moves down to her sweet treasure. I find just a small patch of silky hair to guide my fingers. My first touch of her clit causes her to shake violently, as another small orgasm rocks her body. Clearly she is ready to take all my loving. She explodes again as my fingers sink deeply into her tender treasure. She is more than ready for my manhood but I persist in stimulating her passions. Her passions begin to soar.

I move between her legs and gently move my cock to her magic gate. I am ready to fill her pussy. She grabs my shoulders and pulls me in, taking all of me in, in one stroke. Her eyes blaze with raw passion. In and out I pump, fired by her young body. Her body trembles with each thrust. Her pussy is tight and wet. She takes all my love. Her passions soar. Her knees come up opening her pussy. I lift her legs to my shoulders and begin to seriously work her body. She climaxes with a tremendous release. Her face seems to glow. I am lost in her treasure as it milks my stiff cock until I erupt. She erupts again as our juices mingle. The air is filled with the scent of our passions.

I am spent. I move to her side and we spoon and cuddle. Her eye aglow with how wonderful it was…better than the story. She tells me about her first time…now that she knows how it is supposed to be. Pained that I had not resisted taking her longer, I learn that she had been with her boy friend twice and had not felt anything. She had been used as a fuck toy. Now she knows what is to be loved. Inwardly I know she has a long way to go and I am glad I had been patient. Looking back, it was good that she had read my story before I had even arrived. 

Emotionally spend she soon falls asleep in my arms with my cock nestled in the crack of her ass. I am still wide awake thinking about how she came to be in my bed and how you are somewhere else. I hope I had done what you expected. She is sweet and all but not my lover. I wonder how you know her? The thought of you causes my loins to stir. I wonder when you will return. 

At about 11:30 I hear the door open and close. I worry for just a moment. Then I remember that you still have a key. Your sweet bundle sleeps snuggled up against my hairy chest. You close the bathroom door to the bedroom. You putter quietly and take care of business. I hear you move back out into the sitting room. After a moment, it is almost quiet. I hear you shifting a little so I know that you are not asleep. I slip free of the girl in my bed and lust after the women who has just arrived, the one I know, the one who knows me, the one who knows my secret passions. 

I slip into the sitting room. The lights are all out. Only moonlight comes through the gap in the curtains. In the dim light your eyes blaze. The light glints on your teeth as you smile at me. I am in heaven again. The anticipation is wonderful. As my eyes adjust I can see the smooth curves of your bare shoulders just peeking out from under a blanket. I can see the outline of your body, the womanly curves of your hips and the gentle swell of your breasts. The blanket rises and falls with your even breathing. 

My nakedness betrays my thoughts, as I get closer. You can see my cock rising to attention. I know you will be mine. The only question how high I can make your passions soar before I am spent. Inwardly I muse as to whether you will cause me to erupt before I succeed in filling your needs. It will be ecstasy to find out. 

The room seems warm as I pull the blanket slowly off of you. The unveiling of your body trills my soul. When the blanket slides off your shoulders and down to your waist, you extend your arms to welcome me into your loving embrace. Tossing the blanket aside, I smile to see your completely smooth treasure. You have shaved yourself smooth. I wonder how fresh you will taste. I wonder what you have in mind for this special night. You are so wonderfully creative. You inspire me to great deeds. 

I slip onto the couch by your feet. I gently push your knees up. Your sweet cleft opens. I can smell your arousal. You have been anticipating too. I move in slowly. Kissing your thighs. Teasing you. Licking and caressing, I move up your legs. Soon I will be invading you with my tongue. I will feast on your sweet nectar. There is no need to discuss why you were not here. Nor to discuss what we shall do. I can feel your passions. Your giving as your hold my head …and pull your knees wide.

I dive in. Licking your clit. Biting your nether lips. Making you mine. As my tongue probes deeper I can hear your needs crying out to me. Your body shakes with a first organism, an exquisite release. I know I will be able to fill your every need. I know that in the end you will give yourself wholly over to me. It is the passion and bond we share across time and space. It inspires me to great passion. It inspires you to great giving. My mouth tastes the release of your passions as you are rocked by an orgasm.

Letting the you come off your high but just a little, I ask where the sweet bundle came from. I learn she is a special friend who has shared some special moments but really needed to get laid. Relieved I tell you about the little party we had for two while I hold you in my lap and urge you to stroke your contracting pussy. I am enjoying the warmth of your body. We kiss again. You can feel my hard cock poking at your pussy. You know I will not be denied long. 

You roll off my lap and take a position on all fours. Your ass turned up just slightly. You tell me it is time to fill you. I kneel behind you and we lean together with one accord. Working together we start the dance of ages. In and out working together without a word. It feels so good. I am glad I have already cum tonight so that I can prolong the adventure. In and out like the waves crashing on the beach. Our passions are merging. We feel alone in the world. You moan loudly as a second orgasm takes you. I am getting so close now. It feels so good. As if on cue, there is a flash of lightening that light the scene. A few seconds later there is deep rumble of thunder as I erupt….filling your sweet treasure with my seed. I groan aloud…I want the moment to last forever.

At our moment of climax, I hear a moan behind me…She is a awake. I lose my focus for a moment. You turn and stretch out on the deep pile carpet. You beckon to our sweet visitor who comes in shyly, obviously embarrassed at being caught watching and obviously very aroused. You have a quick whispered chat. 

Sweetness is soon kneeling with her ass in the air. Feeding on your aroused and recently filled treasure. Your enjoyment is clearly evident. You ask me what I am waiting for…indicating that she wants the full treatment. I hesitate…and you point to the KY jelly on the night stand. I feel barbarian.

I slip over behind our sweet voyeur and begin to finger fuck her pussy. She writhes with pleasure but some how stays focused on eating your pussy. Applying a generous portion of lubricant, I start to probe her backdoor. At my first touch, she pushes back wanting to engulf my finger. I sense there is more to this story than I have been told but decide to enjoy the steamy passions of two women who seem intent on giving me a night to remember. 

It is not long before sweetness is writhing and moaning into your pussy while I finger fuck her treasure and her back door. She is relaxed and hot. I look over at you enjoying the attentions of a young active tongue. You mouth to me, “100” and I smile comprehending at last what the full treatment should be.

My cock is hard and erect with anticipation. I slide it into a young pussy that accepts it like an old friend. In and out…I begin the count down…100….99…..98…with each stroke. Sweetness struggles to bring you to orgasm before she loses it. After 75 strokes, I move my cock to her back door. Just touching this other hole. I hesitate…but she slams back and takes me with a deep growl and the count continues…74…73…72. Each ten strokes I switch to the other hole. I am in heaven. Fucking the life out of real women now. One who has learned to push back and meet my strokes. One who has learned to share her energy and passion.

…9…8….7…..Almost counted down. My loins are tensing. I am sure it will be my biggest load yet. 6…5…4…3…the lightening flashes…..I see your lust…..you lose and control as another orgasm rocks your body. With the rumble of the lightening, your passions seems to ripple down the feminine connections that joins us. Her head comes back, as she yells, “YES”. 2…1…as I flood her tight ass.

Sensing my fatigue, you gather us towards the bedroom. Mentioning that we have all night and all day tomorrow. Sweetness beaming with lust, satisfaction, and something else. You tell me I was perfect. Then I hear the rest of the story. Sweetness has been dating the guy for 5 years. They had finally decided to do it. It had been a disaster. It had only gotten worse when this young stud at tried to use the back door. You, goddess of love had taught her to let her passions soar…and I had shown her how a man should play the song of love with a women’s body. 

Then you made the perfect suggestion…You suggested that sweetness go wake up her boy friend and show him how a women ravishes a man. This of course left us alone. But that is another story.