 AUTHOR NOTE: This continues the story about Jessica and Aaron. While it is not necessary to read the two previous chapters before reading this story, it may be beneficial. This story has a lot of setup as the plot gets more complex, but I think the sex is well worth the wait. I appreciate any and all comments, either posted publicly or sent privately.

Enjoy as their story continues.

====================

"What happens next?" Aaron asked his wife Jessica. "Was last Friday night a one-time thing?"

Aaron and Jessica were sitting on the sofa enjoying their morning coffee together. He wore only his boxer briefs and she only wore a small pink lace thong. They enjoyed these moments together, sharing coffee while wearing little to nothing. It felt so natural, and they felt very open with each other, physically and emotionally.

It had been nearly a week since their 'double date in separate places' sexual adventures as part of their new open marriage. Both had incredible sex, Aaron with Gina at her apartment, and Jessica with Matt at his home. Afterward they had shared their experiences with each other, but they hadn't discussed if that night was a one-time thing, or would they do something like that again.

Jessica had anticipated this discussion all week. Indeed she had the same questions herself. She also knew she had to be open and honest with Aaron about her feelings.

"While what happened last Friday was something very special, I'm not sure we should do it again, or at least not in that manner." She could see Aaron's concern in his facial expression. She continued quickly.

"Having sex with another man, and you not being there, I felt that in a way I was cheating on you, even though we had agreed to the arrangement. I don't want to feel that way. But I must be honest that I do want to have sex with others. I know this sounds crazy, but I want to share with you when we have sex with others. I don't know if that is threesomes, or foursomes, swapping, or what. Somehow, I want us to experience these sexual adventures together." She paused a moment. "Is that crazy?"

Aaron smiled at his wife and held her again in a loving embrace. He was encouraged that she wanted to continue their open marriage experiment, even if in a different manner. He had hoped that they would again have a threesome with another female. However he wasn't sure about sharing her with another male. But he had allowed her to have sex with another man the previous weekend, and he could see, hear, and feel that her love for him was as strong as ever.

"No, that's not crazy." Aaron spoke. "We've always wanted to try things in a way where we feel comfortable. I know we both loved the earlier threesome experience with Gina. But I suspect there are other things that each of us want to try. And I agree that we are likely to feel better if we are doing these things together."

As he finished speaking, Jessica was pushing him back into a reclined position on the sofa. She was between his legs and pulled his cock out of his briefs. While looking into his eyes, she lowered her mouth over his cock head and began sucking him. Aaron laid his head back and moaned, enjoying the sensations. His cock was becoming very hard from her oral ministrations. But he felt uncomfortable that the pleasuring was only one sided.

Aaron sat up, and scooped his wife into his arms as he stood.

"Let's take this to bed." he announced as he carried her into their bedroom. Jessica squealed in excitement, anticipating hot sex with her husband.

"I want to show you how much I love you." he said with a devilish grin as he laid her on the bed. Aaron then stripped off his boxers as she pulled off her panties. 

He laid down next to her, in the opposite direction and pulled her on top of himself, into a '69' position. Jessica spread her legs open above his face. Oral sex this way was their favorite type of foreplay before intercourse.

"I love the way you eat my pussy." she whispered as she lowered her pussy to his mouth while at the same time sucking his cock back into her mouth.

Aaron began in a gentle manner, licking only her outer labia and eventually her clit. It felt really good to her, and she knew he was starting out gentle as he knew she liked it that way. Then his tongue became more active as it probed inside her vaginal opening. As her arousal grew, she sucked, licked, and stroked his cock with greater fervor. Neither had felt so much love for the other while doing oral.

They quickly climaxed together. Aaron was screaming in pleasure into her pussy. She kept her mouth locked on his cock. He jetted load after load of his hot cum into her mouth, which she quickly swallowed. Her vagina muscles contracted on his tongue in a strong orgasm, her fluids flowing freely over his face. Aaron loved being showered in her juices which he lapped up as best he could. 

They rested a bit as their orgasms subsided. Then she pivoted to lay next to him, gently kissing and cuddling together. They both drifted off into a gently sleep.

About a half hour later Aaron awoke. He immediately was aware that his cock was hard and ached. And for good reason as Jessica was again sucking his manhood.

"What a fabulous way to wake up, babe. You can do that to me anytime." he said.

"I thought we could continue what we started earlier." Jessica replied with a sly grin as she sat upright next to him, swung her leg over his body, and then lowered her wet pussy down on his hard shaft. She place her hands on his chest as she began to ride his cock. She loved the feeling of his large cock filling her, stretching her vagina almost to pain. Aaron's cock was a bit longer than average, and very thick. The ache felt so wonderful. She was quickly becoming very horny and very wet.

"You know I love it when you take top." Aaron said as he laid back and enjoyed the pleasurable feelings radiating from his cock. He could tell that his wife was really horny, and intent on quickly having another orgasm. She picked up the speed of their fucking, slamming down hard on his cock so that his pubic bone pressed into her clit. He could feel his own orgasm coming but was trying to hold it off as long as he could.

"Oh! FUCK!" Jessica screamed as her body was suddenly engulfed in an intense orgasm. She sat straight up, her muscles trembling, as her burning cunt clenched tightly around his hard cock.

Aaron let out a massive moan as her tight constriction on his cock triggered his orgasm. His cock jetted stream after stream of his thick cum deep inside her. He arched his back and thrust his hips up into his wife.

Jessica loved the feeling when his cock would suddenly swell even larger, knowing his orgasm was imminent. And she loved that pulsating feeling of his cum shooting deep inside her, filling her with his hot, sticky fluid.

"Oh, god! That was intense." he added as Jessica laid down on his chest, her head on his shoulder. They embraced, the only sounds were their beating hearts and their deep breaths of air.

- - - - -

Hours later, after a shower together and a late lunch, they continued talking about their future sexual adventures. They discussed various ideas including another threesome with Gina, or with another woman. Jessica raised the possibility of a threesome with another male. Aaron said he wasn't sure he was ready emotionally for that. Eventually they agreed to some form of a foursome with another couple, a wife swap or something. But they didn't know how to find another couple, and what exactly they would do.

Doing research on the Internet, they learned about The Lifestyle: swinging couples that interact socially in public to learn about each other, and then sexually in private when they find a compatible couple. Together Jessica and Aaron signed up for a local swingers group, chatted online with some members to learn some of the basic conventions of The Lifestyle, and accepted an invitation to the next monthly Meet & Greet event.

Aaron and Jessica were nervous and also excited about this new adventure. They weren't sure how it would play out, but they would be doing this together. They knew they had to communicate with each other openly and honestly about their feelings every step along this path.

Their open discussion about having sex with other people, and the anticipation of watching each other have sex with another person, made both Jessica and Aaron very horny. Soon they were in bed fucking in a very physical way. Each had a powerful orgasm, knowing that the thought of sex with others was fueling the intensity of their sex.

- - - - -

The Saturday night came for their first Lifestyle Meet & Greet. Aaron wore slacks and a dress shirt, open at the collar. Jessica wore a white blouse, open enough to show some of her cleavage, and a black mini skirt that showed a lot of her legs. Beneath she wore a white, low-cut, lace bra and matching white lace thong. High wedge sandals made her legs look even longer. They both knew she would attract a lot of attention.

"Are you ready for this?" Asked Aaron.

"I am. Are you?" replied Jessica. "Remember, this is just to meet some people. We're not looking to get into bed tonight with anyone other than each other."

"Yes, I know." Aaron replied with disappointment. He was hoping to have sex with another woman soon, one way or another. "And I know we don't give too many details about ourselves. Just enough so that people know how we would like to play. You're bi, and I'm straight. Looking for a similar couple." He was resigned to their limits for the evening. 

"Do you think we will find an attractive couple that we will want to get to know better?"

"I hope so." Aaron replied as they got in the car and began the short drive.

Upon entering the restaurant, they were led by the hostess to a large private back room where the Meet & Greet was being held. Neither Aaron or Jessica knew what size group to expect, but both were pleasantly surprised to see a relative large group, maybe 30 couples or more. As most of the group were regulars, Aaron and Jessica were immediately spotted as newcomers. They were warmly greeted by many. Names were exchanged, and they had brief discussions about sexual play preferences. The casual open talk about sex was initially unsettling as they were not accustomed to discussing sex with strangers. But they quickly adjusted to the new ways.

After a while Jessica and Aaron found themselves standing alone, sipping their drinks. Most of the regulars had approached and chatted with them already. They noticed another couple also standing alone that they hadn't spoken with. He was tall and very good looking, with sandy blonde hair and blue eyes. She looked stunning. She had long wavy auburn hair, green eyes, and a very shapely body. She wore a short, tight fitted dress that barely contained her large breasts.

Jessica and Aaron approached the couple.

"Hello, I'm Aaron and this is my wife Jessica." Aaron said as he extended his hand in greeting.

"Hello. My name is Jack and this is Heather." replied Jack as he shook Aaron's hand. "It must be obvious that we're new here. Are you also first timers?"

They all shook hands with the other couple in polite greeting. Heather was particularly interested in both Aaron and Jessica.

"How do you know we are also new?" asked Jessica. She couldn't help but check out Heather's sexy body, and Jack's impressive size. She wondered how they looked without clothes and whether they were good in bed.

"Just observing how many people approached you, as they did to us. Obviously the newbies draw the attention of the regulars." responded Jack.

"Isn't this exciting? So many polite, attractive people speaking so casually about having sex." Heather jumped into the conversation. "I probably shouldn't be saying this, but my panties would be wet, if I was wearing any." 

Heather had a sly smile and a twinkle in her eyes as Aaron and Jessica stared at her, shocked by her admission of no panties and a wet pussy.

"Have you noticed that the women appear to talk more easily about sex?" Jessica stated. "I think some men don't want to think about their wife having sex with another man. I know this guy is still uncomfortable thinking about me with another man." Jessica was grasping Aaron's arm as she spoke.

"I think the Lifestyle rules level the playing field." replied Jack. "The ladies feel safer and free to express their sexuality. Several people have mentioned the same rules; 'No means No.', 'The woman makes the first move.' and 'No one takes one for the team.' It appears to be liberating." 

"And how do you feel about all this Aaron?" Heather had moved next to Aaron and put her hand on his arm.

Jessica noticed Heather's move, and she cozied up to Jack in order to judge the reaction of her husband, and the other couple.

"This is all so much to take in." replied Aaron. "I feel like I'm wading into the shallow water of what may be a deep pool."

"You didn't really answer my question." Heather got more assertive. "Wouldn't you like to fuck me? And wouldn't you want your sexy wife to be fucked by my husband? I think we all could have a lot of fun."

Aaron and Jack were somewhat shocked by Heather's language and bold questions. Jessica was more pleasantly surprised, even enjoying the thought of sex with Jack. She also wondered if Heather might be bi and interested in some girl-girl fun. She kept looking over Heather's sexy body and thought about running her hands over Heather's naked curves.

Jack could see Aaron's concerned look and jumped in to Aaron's rescue.

"Honey. Not so fast." Jack said as he gently pried Heather away from Aaron. "This is just a Meet & Greet. You know we should go slow on getting to know each other before jumping into bed with them."

"I'm not jumping into bed with you." Aaron snapped back as he faced Jack. "I'm straight and don't have sex with other men."

"That's good as I'm also straight. We can agree on that." Jack said with a big smile, trying to smooth over what may have been a misunderstanding about his sexual orientation.

Heather became aware that Jessica was eyeing her. While the men spoke, she slid over next to Jessica and gave her a sultry look, wondering how she played.

Jessica read Heather's signals and whispered to her; "I've been known to enjoy the pleasures of another woman." The two women smiled and winked knowingly at each other.

"So we are all new to this swingers group." Heather began. "I must admit that Jack and I have some experience having sex with other people, even after we were married. What about you? Total virgins to swinging? Or some experience?"

"We've just recently begun exploring an open marriage. We both have had sex with other partners recently." explained Jessica.

Jack interrupted the conversation. "Maybe we should leave the details of our sexual experiences to a more private conversation. This is just a Meet and Greet."

"OK, Jack. You're right." responded Heather. "This is a Meet and Greet. Not a let's-jump-into-bed-together. But I sense a real connection here. I think we should invite our new friends over to our home someday soon and get to know them better."

All nodded their heads and verbally agreed.

"Jessica, let's exchange numbers and you and I can make the plans." Heather spoke as she pulled her phone from her purse. "Jessica and Aaron...?" She paused as she was entering their names into her contact list, waiting for Jessica to provide a last name.

"Harper. Jessica and Aaron Harper." Jessica provided their names. "And you are Heather and Jack...?" returning a similar question.

"Winters." Heather replied. They also exchanged phone numbers and addresses. "Call you in the morning?"

"I look forward to that." Jessica replied with another wink towards Heather. She was sensing a strong sexual vib coming from Heather, and quickly getting the hots for her. She realized that her thong was likely damp where the thin fabric was now pulled between her swollen, throbbing, lower lips.

"It has been nice meeting you both. We look forward to having you over to our place to discuss all this further." Jack spoke with some authority as he shook hands with Jessica and then Aaron as a farewell.

"We are looking forward to that as well." replied Jessica as the couples parted ways.

Aaron and Jessica mingled a bit more, speaking again to another couple who asked if the newcomers had enjoyed their first visit. They acknowledged that they had. Then they said their good-byes and left the party.

As they drove home, Jessica and Aaron were mostly silent, each having many thoughts on the events of the evening. Both were aroused by the open discussions at the party about swapping partners for sex. And both were particularly interested in a further relationship with Jack and Heather.

Arriving home they made a straight line for their bedroom and stripped off their clothes. When Jessica saw Aaron's semi-hard cock pop out of his briefs, she dropped to her knees in front of him and began orally pleasing him. She began by giving him a long, slow lick from the base of his cock up to the top and then swirled her tongue around the head. She knew he loved that. She repeated that twice more, driving him crazy with arousal. Then she slowly slid his cock head between her lips, engulfing as much of his now hard cock as she could into her mouth.

"Oh Honey! That feels so good." Aaron moaned. "But what about me getting you ready?" which was his reference to him orally preparing her for intercourse as was their usual foreplay.

Jessica stood, pulled the bed covers back, and pulled her husband onto their bed.

"Oh I've been ready for some time. My pussy is dripping wet in anticipation of your wonderful cock inside me." Jessica replied in a sexy voice as she straddled her husband and lowered herself down upon him.

"Fuck, that feels so good." she added as she bottomed out on him, his cock fully inside her. She loved how his thick cock filled her pussy, stretching it just enough that the snug fit increased her pleasure.

"Yes! Feels great!" Aaron replied. Her pussy was tight enough that it maximized the pleasurable feelings on his cock while still allowing for in-and-out pumping action. They both could feel his cock pulse inside her tight, hot pussy.

"You were indeed ready for me. How much are you aroused by the Meet & Greet? Hot stuff wasn't it. And Jack and Heather seem nice enough." Aaron was thrusting his hips up and down, forcing his cock to move in and out of Jessica's slippery sleeve.

"Nice?" Jessica questioned. "Just nice? They're more than nice. They're both really hot. He's quite a hunk and she's gorgeous, and oozing sexuality. I bet you have already thought about fucking her, haven't you?"

Jessica placed her hands on Aaron's chest to steady herself as she used her legs and hips to rise and fall on his cock, against his thrusts. They had a good rhythm and their arousal was rising quickly. He grabbed her tits with his hands and began to play with her nipples. Jessica moaned.

"Guilty as charged." Aaron admitted. "Likewise I bet you want to fuck Jack. And probably Heather as well. She really is a hot number."

Somehow the thought of his wife having sex with another man, Jack specifically, was acceptable to Aaron, likely because it would allow him the freedom to have sex with Heather, and she was one very hot attractive woman. His feelings on an open marriage were still evolving.

They continued having sex in this position a few more minutes.

"Honey?" Jessica said as she sat down on his throbbing cock. "I want you on top."

Aaron knew she liked for him to take her in missionary position, and pound away into her pussy. They also loved doggy, but that did not allow them to see each other's face and continue a discussion. He pulled her down onto his chest and rolled the two of them over so that she was on her back, and he was on top, still between her legs, and his hard cock buried inside her cunt. He quickly began pumping away, in and out of her pussy in long strokes.
