 CHAPTER 1 

Bernard Joll appeared like a guy who'd just learned his STD test was positive, not that he'd ever had such a test.

The dark-haired twenty-three-year old photographer at Jessup and Baylis Advertising belched after his pizza and two bottles of beer lunch consumed an hour earlier and looked again at the email on the screen.

'An adjustment to your convention program Bernard. I'm sending Oliver to Rockfield to calm a major client upset at us fucking up his campaign bookings. Claire will be his replacement going to the training workshop with you. Sue'

Bernard and Oliver had been to a workshop together two years ago and had balled themselves stupid and had planned to find another couple of sexy female delegates and repeat that eye-popping, back-breaking performance.

Claire Hammersmith was okay on the eye, very okay actually, but the word was she was pathetic in bed. The consensus appeared to be there was no difference between Claire and a pillow. Both were inert. Bernard sighed and picked up his phone to make a call but it rang.

"That fucking bitch Sue Rudland. She's ruined my year," Oliver yelled into Bernard's ear.

"I know mate, but you're getting off lightly. Sue has just advised me my workshop pal is Claire Hammersnith."

That info was enough to turn Oliver's day around. He cackled and chortled and said, "First you enjoy a three-hour flight with her sitting beside you pal. Then it's two single rooms instead of the two-bedroom suite and spa and lounge we would have shared. And if you go sniffing for skirt and missing workshop sessions because you are busy getting your end in, guess who'll be noting such bad behavior for her report to Sue?" 

Bernard sighed and said perhaps he could call in sick and tell Sue he had suspected swine 'flu."

"And then no babe you know will come within ten feet of you for the next two years. Heh-heh-heh."

Bernard screwed a pencil into an itchy ear channel thinking about sex. At home it was all around him. Almost every night he heard his father banging the bed headboard and his mom squealing. She'd be in the bath nude and uncovered, legs apart, when she'd call Bernard to bring her a Martini and she'd pout and say to him something like, "Do you like what you see?"

Karen his youngest sister when they were beside the pool alone had repeatedly said to him, "Show my your dick and I'll show you pussy" and twice when Bernard had been watching TV with Karen's year-older sister, Jennifer had stuck her hand down and played with his dick. He'd been too horrified the first time to say anything; well that was his story. The second time he'd been greatly embarrassed when she called him a dirty pig when he creamed over her hand. Jesus, little wonder some of his girlfriends called him over-sexed. Living in his home was like living in a brothel. Er, perhaps. At least his dad kept away from him.

Claire came into his office he shared with the chief photographer.

"Hi have you been told about the switch?"

"Yeah."

"I bet you are pleased you are now not going with that creep Oliver Green."

"What's wrong with Ollie?"

"He keeps emailing me photos of a pillow. Very odd. Do you think he's screwed?"

"I wouldn't no, er, Claire."

Claire looked at him squarely. "I've dumped my current boyfriend. Are you good for some nookie while we're away?"

Bernard felt his collar choking him. Oh crap. "What did you have in mind?"

She appeared astounded. "Don't you know what sex is?"

Bernard stuttered. "I-I thought it m-might be a t-term for b-b-backdoor sex."

"Oh god, are you interested in that?"

She appeared delighted. Bernard wondered if he ought to mention STDs but thought that would decimate his reputation in the office. His phone went and he was saved because she, er Claire, walked off.

Early that evening Bernard handed her his mother her Martini and said, "Mom, cover up. I wish to stay and talk."

"Don't you like the look of my body?"

"It's all right."

She sighed. Prove it... touch me."

"Where?"

"Anywhere you like."

Margaret sighed when he placed a hand across her forehead.

"You skin feels lovely mom."

She smiled and shook her head in as if dealing with an unworldly child.

Bernard stood his ground and started sweating as his mom really opened her legs. There wasn't a hair in sight.

"M-mom? I was going to that high-powered training workshop tomorrow with Oliver but crap-faced Sue has switched and my companion will be a twenty-year-old woman."

"Oh dear, I'm delighted. Perhaps being in such close contact she'll teach you how to respect and appreciate a women's body."

"You don't get it? She has a reputation for being a dead loss at having sex. She just spreads out and acts like a pillow, according to what other guys say."

"Have they had sex with a pillow for comparison?"

"Mom!"

"Sorry darling. Unless she's had bad sex experiences, she'll be one of those women who regard their body as a temple and wants it to be savored and caressed, not battered and then squirted with semen with a triumphant bellow."

"Eh?"

"She doesn't want to be treated like a bitch on heat."

"Oh yeah, now I understand. Thanks mom. That could be useful. Now where would you like me to touch you?"

"Between the legs but hurry, there's your father's car."

Bernard rammed three fingers into her and his mom, moving with incredible speed and agility and turning red-faced, sat up and grabbed him and yelled, "Jesus, come here you gorgeous fucker."

Bernard spun out of her grip and fled.

In the lounge with TV switched on Bernard heard his mom in a silky voice call, "John, I'm in the bath. Come join me." 

Switching off TV Bernard ran down to the park and did ten laps of the big field to keep clear in case his dad raced to get his .45 when Margaret reported her eldest child had sexually molested her. But it was fine. When he entered the kitchen his dad, looking exhausted, said, "Grab me another beer and one for yourself. You mother says you are going away tomorrow with a broad who acts like a pillow when screwed."

"Mom said that?"

"Well not quite in that language, she was quite disgusting," his dad laughed. "This is what you do son. You hold right back and talk to her and stroke her. Built up her ego. If she has great tits tell her that but use extravagant words like a poet would. Something you can try, provided she's not black or creamy white, is her tits are sculptured golden orbs."

"Gee thanks dad. A lifetime of experience huh?"

"What, are you suggesting I play around?"

"No, not necessarily dad. Keep your shirt on. What else can you advise?"

"Kiss and get fruity but no tongue unless she sucks you into her mouth. And when you think she's warmed up and slowly revving get your dick into her hand. Now that's the key, get your dick into her hand."

"Yes but not three fingers thrust straight in," said Margaret entering the room.

The men gaped at her.

* * *

Early afternoon Claire with her four bags and notebook and Bernard with his notebook and one bag went to the airport by cab.

"Oh this is so exciting," Claire said in the cab, taking Bernard's hand and squeezing it.

She whispered: "Who in the office have you fucked, the females I mean?"

Bernard convulsed and wondered if that was the start of a coronary but it seemed to be easing. "Er I have no wish to incriminate people."

"It's no crime to fuck consenting adults."

"May we talk about something else? What are your priorities for this important step in our careers?"

She whispered: "To have you fuck me."

Bernard rolled his eyes, pulled out his phone and asked Sue's PA had she remembered he'd be away four days."

"Yes why?"

"Just checking."

When they went off for pre-flight urination to avoid using cramped in-flight facilities Bernard took himself in hand and decided this just would not do. He was running scared. This bitch was taking the leadership role. He must be more assertive and simply fuck her as often and she wished and when he exhausted her he could go off and find an accomplished slut, er, woman. He'd seen by the confirmed list of registrants that two-thirds were female. God he wouldn't have to choose a slut. He could go for top shelf at that over-balanced ratio. The only way the registrants could get balance was to go for threesomes. God what a training event!"

Zipping up Bernard grinned. That's it, Claire and he would be under pressure from other women and they could team up with one or two and he could fuck them while they took care of the pillow, er Claire.

Bernard walked up to Claire confidently and thinking she was the first woman he'd ever been with to exit a toilet before he did. "Shall we screw first when we arrive?"

She smiled delightedly. "You mean in reception?"

He laughed and said that was a good idea and she looked slightly nervous.

"We have to file a report and lodge it with Sue on the day of our return."

He smiled coolly. "Yeah but that's on the business side and any comments about adverse behavior. We don't have to report that we fucked and how many times I raided the temple."

"What?"

"Oh there's our call. Come on."

When airborne they began drinking their first glass of wine.

"How's pussy?"

Claire squirmed in her seat. "Not so loud, people can hear."

"Most have earphones on."

"It's not the sort of question you ask a woman."

"But Claire, you want me to be acutely interested in your pussy don't you?"

"Shhhh. Keep your voice down. You know I do."

"What, keep away from you?"

"No you fool, to be acutely interested in my pussy."

"Really young woman, that talk is for the bedroom," sniffed the woman sitting next to Claire.

Claire apologized and the woman said she could remember being full on when she was Claire's age and she and Claire conversed for most of the flight.

Bernard slept.

* * *

Bernard dealt with the bags while Claire booked in. He was standing beside her when the receptionist completed the process and said, "Thank you for choosing our fine hotel. Here are two keycards for your suite."

"Suite?" Bernard said. "There must be a mistake."

"The booking was made long ago darling," Claire cooed. "I suggested to Claire's PA it would be easier to leave things how they were and she said yes and winked at me."

"If you are nervous sir I can find you a single room," smiled the receptionist.

"No thanks. This is cool."

As they walked to the elevators, Bernard asked, "How the hell did you manage to get Mrs Brown to agree to that?"

"I just reminded her she was young once and she chuckled. That was sufficient."

In the elevator with two other couples and three bellboys Bernard looked across to Claire and said softly, "You have lovely breast shape."

Claire looked at Bernard murderously while most of the others in the elevator studied the ceiling. No one talked until their bellboy said, "This is your floor."

"I'm mad at you, really mad," Claire said. "First you loud pussy comment during the flight and now that uncalled for remark in the elevator."

Bernard was thrilled. Claire's flaming face proved beyond doubt she had passion. It was over to him to switch her on to be sexually passionate.

"Oh I apologize without reservation. I had the impression you wished me to take an interest in you."

"Yes but not to share it with everyone around us."

"I'm sorry. I got carried away. I find you so damn attractive."

"What?" she replied, having difficulty to conceal her surprise.

"You have amazing looking tits. Your legs above the knees from the glimpses I've seen appear to match in caliber the lovely lowers, your skin and teeth are excellent, your smile is great. Yes I find you attractive and very desirable."

"Ohmigod," Claire said, biting her knuckles.

Mr Authority said, "You choose our bedroom sweetheart and get your gear off while I pour us champagne to celebrate our upcoming sexual cavorting."

Claire went off, looking half-dazed.

As Bernard was pouring she called out, "What do you want me to leave on?"

"Bra, stockings, panties and high heels."

"Ohmigod, how sexy."

Bernard drummed his fingers, giving her a couple of more minutes before going into the bedroom.

Claire called, "You can come now."

Bernard shut off thoughts about the possible alternative meaning for that call and picking up the tray walked into the main bedroom.

"I took my panties off. I thought you should see my pussy."

Bernard choked and said um that was a great idea.

Claire took her glass from the tray and as Bernard reached for his she called, "Stop. You can raise your glass after you've stripped to the buff."

"The buff?"

"Yes, stop stalling and get your gear off."

This was not going to plan and Bernard was miffed. He was supposed to be running the show. Now she'd seized the reins again.

It proved to be a severe test for Bernard. Having sex with a woman who'd had a few drinks and was itching for it is all very well; in fact no problem. But when facing a woman, more than half naked, reclining on a hip on a bed and thinking she was cracking a whip and being a woman whom Bernard had never really touched let alone had sex with, was more than a challenge. Standing in the buff with a dick remaining docile because of the pressure and being expected to take his glass and sip his champagne while her eyes bored into his dick could make a guy panic and say pathetic things he'd later regret.

Bernard had instant recall, the image of his mom alight with lust and grabbing him in the first step of doing unthinkable things with him stiffened his back and that stiffened in front as well. But it also unleashed adrenaline.

He growled, "You sexy bitch, roll over, push your ass in the air and spread with your fingers to show me two delectable orifices."

"How dare you!"

Sink or swim? Bernard knew if he made the wrong choice he was finished. Claire would make his life hell for the next three days and would report him to Sue, using CAPITAL LETTERS. The safest route was to quit and apologize, er grovel. But if he proceeded he could squeeze sexual passion out of Claire for presumably the first time in her life.

Bernard thought of what his mom would advise. 'Fuck her darling. The poor girl needs to be fucked when she's scared and wild to release passion. But don't do it without her consent'.

Eh? Would his mom really say that about anyone other than herself?

He tried to imagine what his dad would say. 'Fuck her son. You must never let even one slip through your fingers. I've fucked every female in my office including two gays.'

Eh? Was that true?

"You apologize on your knees and then go and sleep in the other room you mother-fucker."

Bernard snatched her glass and snarled, "Get on to your knees and spread, you whining bitch."

"Ohmigod," Claire sobbed and rolled and raised her ass and snaking her arms around her ass spread her pussy lips and widened between the knees.

Ohmigod, Bernard thought wiping away sweat and looking at a pussy and a tiny rosebud. Both looked...er... um, delectable.

Adopting a deep voice he said, "Now tell me you want it you cock-seeking slut. Unless you tell me you want it and I'm free to go ahead, I'm out of here."

"Slam that dick into me. If you don't do that right now you callous bastard I'm scream blue murder and bring hotel security running.

Bernard climbed aboard and rammed it in. She remained motionless. He ran a thumb over her rosebud.

"Oh fuck, oh fuck, you are too big for me. I'm about finished. I'm C-U-M-M-I-I-I-N-G," she screeched.

Bernard cursed because they'd only just started and he was nowhere ready.

She slumped and rolled off the bed and went to the bathroom.

Bernard licked his lips, an iron-hard cock ready in his hand to show her what passionate fucking was all about but she eyed it, yawned and said, "Leave me. I've had enough excitement and just want to doze. It was very good thank you."

Poor Bernard. He almost levitated in frustration. She'd received no more that six thrusts and regarded that as a fuck? Unbelievable! He hadn't been too big for her at all. He knew what a tight pussy felt like. Bernard stumbled to the bathroom in a rage and jerked off. Looking into the mirror as he groaned into ejaculation, thrusting his groin forward, the mirror image of facial expression was evidence of passion aplenty.

A guy left in a sexual trough automatically knows the half-solution... food. Bernard left the suite to chase after a steak sandwich when the door of a unit a little farther away opened and the relieved face of a woman smiled at him but then she lost that smile and began backing into her room.

"What?"

"I was wanting help but you look angry."

"Sorry," he smiled, ensuring the grin stayed. "I've just been frustrated."

She managed a little smile asking, "Lost a big deal?"

"How may I help?"

"I need strong fingers to open my suitcase. My husband did the straps up too tight for me. I attempted to get everything into the one suitcase."

"You came here with just one suitcase," Bernard marveled, looking at the breasts he wouldn't mind strong fingering.

She laughed and said he was funny and invited him in.

Bernard read the name tag, Sara Bolt, and said, "You are our main presenter."

"Oh are you here for the advertising workshop?"

"Yes." 

They introduced themselves and Bernard undid the two straps and unzipped the suitcase.

As he was leaving Sara asked was he going to the restaurant for a snack.

"Yes," he said in surprise and was even more surprise when Sara, aged about forty, said knowingly, "Men look for food when sexually depleted or sexually frustrated. I'll come with you."

"Oh yeah?"

They talked generally and after they finished their sandwiches Sara looked at her watch and said she must get ready for the cocktail party. "Want to tell me about it?"

She was persuasive and the damn broke for Bernard. She listened attentively and when he finished he said, "Well?"

"You probably frustrated your companion as much as you did yourself. Your total approach was like a bull at a gate, quite inappropriate."

"You don't say," Bernard said, feeling as if he were caught in a sisterhood conspiracy. 

"I do say and it might pay you to listen. From the description and reactions you gave me I'd suggest your companion has never had to push herself or fend for herself so is somewhat immature socially, her independence under developed and her self-esteem has rarely been challenged. If I'm correct then I believe the way to unlock her is to win her confidence, stroke her ego and talk softly about what you two should be doing as a couple and then slowly attempt to fire her boiler. But be challenging or even worse be unsympathetic and she'll close down on you."

Bernard rubbed his chin and that seemed to interest Sara.

"Try slowly tonight. With a bit of luck she will be all over you with a few drinks in her. Tomorrow we have a two-hour lunch break. I suggest you take her shopping. Try to steer her into a lingerie store and buy her a present."

Sara's student appeared most impressed. She smiled and kissed his cheek and said she was off to get ready. "I feel I've earned my sandwich and coffee; you pay."

"Sure, you are more than welcome Sara. You were great."

Running a bath for Claire Bernard stirred her. She reached up and kissed him and to his astonishment said, "Sorry for acting like a cold bitch. Lick pussy if you wish."

He made sure he adopted a regretful look and said, "The cocktail party has already started."

"Oh fuck," she said. "Attendance is obligatory. I'll be fifteen to twenty minutes. I'll meet you there."

The advance workshop on 'The Team Approach' was restricted to three groups, each of twelve people, two from each agency who paired. The groups would cycle through specialist workshops during each day and for the last ninety minutes of each day would assemble for a plenary session for an hour's lecturer followed by questions answered by a panel. 
