 The chronological order of my stories is as follows:

Todd & Melina series, Interludes 1-5, Sperm Wars series, Russian Roulette series, Case of the Murdered Lovers series, Case of the Murdered Chessplayer series, The Swap series, Interludes 6-10, The Murdered Football Player Series, Case of the Black Widow series, Teresa's Christmas Story, The Case of the Black Badge series, A Case of Revenge series, Teresa's Summer Race, The Trilogy series, Dark Side Of The Force series, Caught In The Act series, The Phyllis Files 1-2, Case of the Murdered Bride series, The Credit Card Caper series, The Phyllis Files 3, The Hot Wives Investment Club series, Seriously Inconvenienced series, Case of the Paper Trail series, Christmas Mystery Theater, The Porno Set Mystery series, The Medical Murder Mystery series, The Eightfold Fence series, The Phyllis Files 4, Pale Morning Light series, Silverfish series, Cold As Ice series.

Secrets of Apple Grove, Ch. 01-03

Feedback and constructive criticism is very much appreciated, and I encourage feedback for ideas.

This story contains graphic scenes, language and actions that might be extremely offensive to some people. These scenes, words and actions are used only for the literary purposes of this story. The author does not condone murder, racial language, violence, rape or violence against women, and any depictions of any of these in this story should not be construed as acceptance of the above.

*****

Part 12 - Apple of Her Eye 

When I got back to the hotel in Rome in the late afternoon of Saturday, April 11th, my mother Phyllis was asleep and Melina was reading a book on, of all things, metaphysics. She watched as I got out the tire iron the perp had dropped when breaking into the trunk of the car, as well as a kit bag of police crime scene items. I applied a light dusting of powder to the tire iron and applied a UV light.

Fingerprints glowed brightly. I snapped photos of the fingerprints with an app on my police cellphone and transmitted the data to the TCPD. Moments later I had a response from the program that had connected to our local database as well as the FBI's national database.

"Wow." Melina said. "Not like the old days, eh?"

"Not at all. And the answer is already back." I said as I looked at the information that had just arrived. "Okay, this perp is Juan Gomez, an illegal alien that has been arrested four times for DUI, deported twice and come back. His last known address is in Texas, nowhere near here."

"Gonna put out an APB for him?" Melina asked.

"I..." I started, then paused. "You know, I don't think I want to do that, not just yet."

"That's probably a good idea, son." said a sleepy voice from behind us. My mother was waking up.

"Mom, glad you're awake." I said. "I need to talk to both of you." I first got out my bug-finding device and swept the room. There were no bugs detected, but I still turned on the TV very loud and spoke quietly to the two women.

"I've obtained keys that will let me break into the file room at the Courthouse." I said. "I intend to go in tonight and find any files that might be of interest to us."

"But Don," my mother said, "they just had an attempted break-in, and foiled it. They'll be on the lookout for you doing just that, also."

"I'm sure they will be," I said, "but this isn't our Town & County. It'll be easy getting in and back out, even if they're waiting, and even if I trip an alarm that I didn't catch when I cased the building."

"You cased it?" Phyllis said. "That's even worse. I'm sure they're watching you son, and they'll have seen you doing that."

"I know, Mom." I said. "In fact, I'm counting on it. But getting out will be okay. I think they've forgotten something: that I grew up here. One thing my dear sister Elizabeth told me was about the secret passage under the Courthouse, which had been an old storm drain. As of my Junior year of High School, it was still there." My mother just smiled in understanding.

"What if it's been filled in?" Melina asked. "Or what if they do realize you might know, and set a trap to catch you?"

"Ah," I said, "that is where you come in, Melina. I should tell you now, and you too, Mom, that I believe there are connections to Jonas Oldeeds and his organization in this. My father did more legal work for them than you may have realized, Mom. If what I find tonight is what I'm hoping and expecting to find... we may have a thread we can pull that will ultimately unravel the whole corrupt organization."

"Then count me in." said Melina, her eyes becoming jet. "I'd love to do them damage." No one in the room had to say out loud the enormous damage that my ex-wife had already done to that organization... by shooting dead its leader, the Reverend Jonas Oldeeds himself.

"Can you get a tranquilizer gun?" I asked Melina.

"Yes." she said. "And some radios of a frequency local police forces should not know anything about, much less have access to. If you do get caught, Don, destroying that communications device will be your first priority."

"And probably my last one." I said. "Sheriff Spaulding and his posse will be shooting to kill."

"Oh my." said Phyllis. "Son, if it's this dangerous, is it really necessary?"

"Yes, Mom." I said, then added to distract her, "By the way, did you find out anything else today?"

"No, dear." my mom said. "The police are very actively monitoring Apple Grove, and many of my old friends are seeing police drive slowly by their homes. I cannot believe this town has become something from a Soviet gulag, right here in America!"

"I hear you." I said. Melina excused herself to go make her arrangements.

"Mom," I said quietly, "what did you hear about that murder, the one discovered this morning?"

"Junior Biggs was his name." Phyllis said. "His son Tyrone was a Freshman football player when you were a Senior." I remembered Tyrone, he was a four year starter at running back. He'd gone to a Division-II college, but had fucked up and failed a drug test.

"Junior Biggs was the NAACP guy in Providence Springs." Phyllis said. "My friends think a group of men went and got him, murdered him and dumped him in that field, though no one is sure why. Intimidation, maybe. But definitely racial in nature and intent."

"That's why I didn't want Melina hearing about it." I said quietly. My mother nodded in understanding. "Okay, Mom, what do you suggest as a diversion that will allow me to get into the Courthouse?"

"I very strongly suspect," my mother said astutely, "that if you were able to get keys to the building and evidence rooms, then whoever your benefactor is will also provide a diversion at the right time. It's up to you to see it and take advantage..."

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"We have some time to kill." said Melina as we returned to our hotel room after eating supper. We'd all observed the Rome Police Department cruisers watching the hotel from a distance, and knew we were under observation.

"Any ideas what we can do to pass the time?" I asked, seeing that special gleam in my ex-wife's eyes.

"I have a very good idea." said Melina. "Last time we were up here in Apple Grove, I watched you fuck your mother, Don. And I want to see it again. I want you to fuck your mother, right now."

"Mmmm, sounds like a good idea." I said, approaching Melina. "But you're going to have to participate." I slid her black shirt off of her luscious body, exposing her firm abs and her delectable breasts.

Then I went over and began undressing my mother as Melina came behind me. She reached around and undid my belt, opening my pants, as my mom undid the buttons of my shirt. Soon, we were all naked and moving to the bed.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

I was lying on my back, my legs spread, and my mother Phyllis between my legs. My mother was sucking my iron-hard, throbbing cock. Melina was on my left side, and her mouth and mine were locked in a deep kiss, our tongues twining in delicious battle.

I felt an extra excitement, a tingling feeling alive inside me as my mother's mouth slid up and down my cock. Perhaps it was the danger of the mission; perhaps it was the excitement of fucking my own mother with my ex-wife watching and kissing me. In addition, one of my hottest fantasies and realities was having one woman suck or fuck me while another woman and I made out with deep hungry kisses. And this threesome was getting very hot.

"Why don't you come in my mouth and take the edge off." my mother said, realizing how hot I was and so close to climaxing. She went to work on my cock and balls, sucking deep and hard, jacking my shaft with her small fist, her other hand cupping my tightening nuts. I moaned into Melina's mouth as I felt the intense pain and ecstasy of release overcome me, and seconds later I was firing my jism into my mother's throat.

"Mmmffff!" Phyllis moaned around my cock as she greedily swallowed the thick spurts of salty semen that were shooting from my cockhead. She voraciously sucked all of the come out of me until the pulses of my meat finally subsided.

"God damn! that was good!" I gasped. Phyllis just smiled happily, her lips coated with her son's cum.

"Lie back, son." my mother said. She then straddled my face and planted her sopping wet pussy right over my mouth. I began licking her labes as I felt another warm, wet mouth envelop my cock... Melina was cleaning me up, sucking out the remnants of my heavy load.

"Did you take that gray viagra, son?" Phyllis asked as I ate her pussy. I gave a thumbs up, as I couldn't really say anything.

Moments later, I was ready for action again. "Okay, Don, I want you to lie on top of your mother in the missionary position, and I want you to fuck the living shit out of her." I had no problem obeying those orders.

Phyllis rolled over onto her back, her shapely legs spread obscenely wide, her pussy wet, her labes engorged. I mounted my mother and felt a hand reach down to insert my cock into her. It took a second to realize that it was Melina's hand helping us.

"Ohhhhh!" my mother gasped as my cockhead found the mark and penetrated past her labes. I pushed in hard, my meat slicing deep into her pussy until I bottomed out, the loud smack of my balls against my mother's ass matching the groan from all three of us.

I began to pump in and out of my mother, fucking her with raw, lusty power. I had hooked her legs under my arms, and she was almost bent double, helpless to resist my powerful 'assault' as I plowed her furrow with deep intensity. It felt absolutely fantastic, and as I looked down, the sight of my own mother's face contorted in ecstasy as our loins merged again and again excited me to new levels of desire.

*CHOCK!* *CHOCK!* *CHOCK!* *CHOCK!*

The sounds of raunchy, physically powerful sex filled the room as I shoved my meat into my mother as hard as I could, violently copulating with her as I tried to reach the crest. It took a few moments, as I had already come hard once, but then I felt Melina on the bed beside us, her hand stroking my body, feeling up my ass.

"Mmm, Don," Melina said, her voice a husky whisper. "You're in even better shape than when we were married. I like this hard ass of yours." I leaned over to my right and shoved my mouth onto Melina's, and we kissed hard as I relentlessly fucked my mother.

Phyllis had come twice as I fucked her, and I finally felt the first pangs of pressure building up. "Are you getting close?" Melina asked, a wicked sparkle in her eye. I just nodded and she said "Here, let me help." I felt her hand probing my ass, then her lubed-up finger sliding into my rectum! She quickly found the spot she wanted, my prostate, and began rubbing. I came apart at the seams.

"OH GOD, I'M COMING!" I gasped out as I felt my cock pulsing hard, shooting what seemed like a gallon of cum into my mother's clenching cunt. Gray mist swirled behind my eyes, flashes of color on the edges. When I could finally see again, I was collapsed on top of my mother, both of us gasping to catch our breaths. I turned my mother's face to mine and gave her a deep, long kiss.

"Now that was beautiful to see." Melina said. "Okay, let's get showered and plan out this crazy raid..."

Part 13 - Rhymes with Diamonds 

"Lieutenant Perlman, can you come to Classroom 'E' so I can show you something?" asked Myron Milton. Tanya was at her desk in the MCD room. Her office, and Teresa's also, looked like a tornado had hit them as they were being reconstructed and made larger.

"Sure, Myron." she said. She followed him around the hall into the Classroom. Myron set up his computer.

"I wanted you to see this before I give it to I.A." Myron said. He showed Tanya the digitally recorded video that the Iron Crowbar had asked him to obtain. Tanya groaned.

"Oh, this is going to suck." Tanya said. "We have to formally inventory everything in that building to make sure nothing was disturbed, or else the evidence will be no good at their various trials."

"They're having to do that for the Evidence Rooms, also." said Myron. "This perp ha killed us with the man-hours we're having to expend. Should I give it to I.A.?"

"W.W.I.C.D... what would the Iron Crowbar do?" Tanya asked, more to herself than to Myron.

"With respect, ma'am," Myron replied, "the Commander is in a position to make command decisions on things like this. We're not."

"Play that tape for me again." Tanya said. Myron did so, and Tanya watched. The footage was taken from a streetlight camera that overlooked the entrance to the Crime Lab building, just south of Police Headquarters and on the other side of the secure parking lot. The front of the Building was not enclosed by the parking lot fence, but faced the street. 

At about 1:30am on the morning of the diamond heist, a motorcycle drove up the street, with two slender, leather-wearing, helmeted persons aboard. It parked across the street from the building, in a copse of trees that was just out of sight of the camera. A moment later, the two figures crossed the street on foot, still helmeted. Tanya immediately noticed the slender frames of the persons and the jutting out of their upper chests: these were very likely two women.

 "They drive away about 2:45am." said Myron, showing the tape of the motorcycle coming out and racing down the street, passing under the camera and giving Tanya a good view of the two persons aboard. Yep, women... and one of them very large-breasted.

"Is that motorcycle familiar to us?" Tanya asked, already knowing the answer.

"Yes ma'am." said Myron. "I am sure that this is the same motorcycle that drove through Courthouse Square and whose driver wanted to kill Brody and Gunn. But unlike last time..." He let the sentence hang.

"Unlike the last time, there are two of them." Tanya said.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Karen Warner Harlan entered the small apartment on the west side of Town, which was in the same complex where Jack Burke had taped his matings with some of the hottest Trophy Wives in the County. With her was the Iron Crowbar's sister Elizabeth. Waiting inside the apartment were Thaddeus Ward of Ward Harvester, and the fourth member of their group... Number 4.

"We've got 'em!" Karen said excitedly as the four partners in crime (literally so) sat down at the dining room table. She opened a small cylinder and pulled out a dark purple velvet cloth. It opened as she lay it down on the table, and the brilliant diamonds sparkled in the light.

"Did you recognize my associate?" Number 4 asked as he put a jewelers' eyepiece magnifying glass to his eye and began examining the small, clear crystals.

"No sir." Karen said. "She kept her helmet on the entire time."

"And you both checked to make sure no transmitters or homing devices were added to these gems?" asked Number 4.

"Yes." said Elizabeth. "I checked and found nothing, and one of my young henchmen has some sophisticated tools. He checked also, and found nothing."

"Good." said Number 4, continuing to examine the purloined stones.

"Ah, this is a brilliant moment." said Ward as he looked at the sparkling objects, his own eyes sparkling at the thought of their worth.

"Pun not intended, I'm sure." Elizabeth said with her sarcastic wit. Ward gave a short bark of laughter... which was cut short as the other man groaned.

 When he examined the stones under the eyepiece, the letters "CZ" could clearly be seen inside the diamonds. They were cubic zirconia... fakes. The letters "CZ" are sometimes embedded in fake stones so that they do not fool jewelers, and these stones were an example.

"Always two-man control on these?" Number 4 asked, looking up at the women.

"At least two persons." said Karen Warner Harlan. "Why? Is something wrong?"

"I'm afraid so." said Number 4. "These are cubic zirconia. Fakes." A large number of unprintable curse words were used by the group in reply.

"How?" Karen asked as she recovered from the shock, having looked herself and seen what her associate had seen.

"Ohhhhh, shit." Elizabeth said, understanding. "My dear baby brother."

"Yes, I believe you are correct." said Number 4. "Your brother must've switched these with the real diamonds. He has indeed anticipated and defeated us in mental combat today."

"God! I hate that son of a bitch!" Karen Harlan spat. Then she remembered and turned to Elizabeth and said "No offense to your mother, of course."

"Oh, please feel free to offend her. My mother is one nasty bitch, and a bitch in heat all the time." Elizabeth said with a sneer on her face.

"What do you think he did with the real diamonds, Number 4?" asked Ward. Number 4 had been checking again for any bugs, transmitters or homing devices, but found none.

"My guess would be that he had the FBI take possession of them." said Number 4. "Our people in the TCPD said nothing about any other diamonds or other valuables secreted in the safe. The Iron Crowbar probably substituted the cubic zirconia right when he uncovered the real diamonds, and left these as a trap. Fortunately, it doesn't set us back... though we could've used the money."

"Yes." said Elizabeth. "Well, folks, I have to go and save our operation in my hometown of Apple Grove. My dear baby brother has gone up there, and I don't think the locals are smart enough to handle him. I'd let them get hung out to dry, but they're helping the organization of my beloved Jonas Oldeeds, so I'll be off."

"While you're up there..." Number 4 said. Elizabeth nodded as he finished his request.

Part 14 - Worms In The Apple 

I had not forgotten the terrain of the county, and the farm road I took to Apple Grove was not being monitored by Police. I made it into town, parking behind the First (and Only) Methodist Church, the church of my parents back in the day. I scanned the area with my night-vision binoculars, which I'd had the foresight to bring with me. There was no one hiding anywhere that I could see.

I exited the car and stealthily made my way to the Courthouse square, playing the shadows, strangely wondering just how did The Batman expect to play the shadows while he was always being followed by Robin in his yellow, red and green tights?!?!

Observing the Courthouse building, I noticed that three of the four entrances from outside were well lighted, with only the north entrance shrouded in darkness. I again used the night-vision device and easily saw the four Sheriff deputies hiding between two buildings across the street from that darkened entrance.

So, how to get in? I wondered. One key would open any of the four outer doors, the other would open the secured door to the file rooms. And then I saw it: on the south side, there were steps to the main door, and under the portico were stairs leading down to a basement door!
