 It was well after dark when Chrissie and I finally pulled up in front of my place. We were both hungry -- in both senses of the word -- and I was secretly deep in plotting a way to get the three of us together. I felt hopeful that Jess wouldn't have any trouble with it. After all, wasn't having a two-girl threesome every straight guy's fantasy?

The real question was Chrissie, I thought. Would she go for it? And if that weren't enough to wonder about, how would she react to my concealing my relationship with Jess from her? 

In the privacy of my own head, I was excited and scared at the same time. There was a good chance of making the whole thing work...and an equal chance of screwing everything up. I needed a plan, and fast!

I was shaken from my thoughts by Chrissie's gentle touch on my arm.

"Lost in thought, are we, Love?" she asked. Her words and tone were playful, but I could still see a layer of concern in her question. I leaned into her and kissed her, putting some heat into it. She responded, her mouth opening under mine like a flower. After a moment we broke the kiss.

"Why don't we go inside," she whispered, sounding out of breath.

"Yeah, I think that's a good idea," I answered. I knew I needed to get a plan together, but right then all I could think about was getting her naked and horizontal. We were inside soon after. In spite of the sexual heat flowing between the two of us, I still noticed the red light blinking on my answering machine. Ignoring it, I steered my new lover back towards the bedroom.

The next morning I woke feeling better. The memories of last night -- red-hot passion slowly changing to tender love-making -- were fresh in my mind. Even better: I had an idea slowly shaping in my devious head. 

Chrissie and I enjoyed a long shower together. We washed each other and talked. We touched each other, but there was nothing too heavy about it; I had a singing job at the club that afternoon, and there was little point in starting something that we probably couldn't finish. 

As we were drying off, I asked if she might want to come and see me and the band. She smiled coyly at me. "I'd love to, but won't your boyfriend object?"

You could have knocked me over with a feather; that's how shocked I was. 

Seeing my shocked expression, she laughed. It had a slightly rough edge to it, not like her usual noise of delight. Shaking her head at me, she wrapped one towel around her body and another around her still-wet hair.

"Lee, my dear, you are a genuinely sweet woman, but you can't kid a kidder. This isn't the first time I've found myself in this situation." She shook her head again, her expression partly angry, and partly amused.

"I get lonely like everyone else, and then fate will have some lovely thing cross my path, and my knickers get themselves in a twist, seemingly of their own accord. I end up sleeping with someone who tells me they're single, even though they aren't, and I can tell, but I do it anyway knowing that I'm just setting myself up for another big hurt..." Her tirade ran out of steam, and she slumped back against the counter top behind her. She was too tough for wanton tears, but I could tell they were lurking unshed in the background. 

My face must have been saying things to her that my mouth wasn't, because she smirked. It wasn't a pretty expression. "You wonder were all this is coming from, don't you?" I nodded my head stupidly. She walked slowly out of the bath into my bedroom and reached underneath the bed, coming back up with a pair of men's boxers. "These were my first hint that you might not have told me the complete truth," she said, shaking them lightly to make sure she had my attention. "I found them yesterday when I got up to use the loo."

Next, she walked out into the living room and pointed at a small framed photo sitting on the end table nearest the door. "My next clue was this." She held the photo so I could see it, but she didn't have to. It was a photo of me and Jesse the last time he had come to see me at the club. We were both in formal wear, and while his left arm was draped safely around my waist, his right hand was cupping my ass. You had to look closely to see that, but it was visible nonetheless.

"That's rather an intimate pose for it to be your brother or whatever relative you'd care to name." She set the photo down, and gestured next to the blinking light on my answering machine. 

"I'd never be rude enough to play that, but I'd be willing to bet I know roughly what the message is about. There were two men at the Festival last night that you were clearly trying to avoid. One of them was him," she said, pointing back at the photo. "In the car, someone called. You ignored it, but checked the message while I was refueling. You really shouldn't have your cell on speaker phone if don't wish to be overheard, Lee Anne."

With a disgusted sigh, she moved back to the bedroom and starting pulling her clothes from the overnight bag she had brought. My brain finally managed to kick into gear. My only excuse for my inaction so far was shock. This wasn't going at all like I had planned it. 

"Chrissie," I began, but she cut me off.

"You don't have to say anything, Lee. You don't have to explain. You wanted a fling with another woman. You've probably been curious for a long time." She looked me in the eye, finally, and I could see the pain there. "Now you've satisfied that curiosity -- you itch is scratched. I'm a big girl, Lee. This isn't the first time this has happened to me, and it probably won't be the last with my proclivities being what they are." Once again, she flashed me that bitter smirk. "At least you were good. The best I've had in some time, as a matter of fact." Her voice betrayed her by cracking slightly.

"It's not like that," I said softly. She was already mostly dressed, having started while she was talking. Now she was standing again, walking toward the bedroom door. I moved quickly, grabbing her hand and swinging her back around towards me. As soon as she was in reach I pulled her into a tight bear hug. She was momentarily frightened, because as I've said, a lifetime of running and exercise has made me quite strong. 

"Just hear me out," I said. "If, afterward, you still want to leave, I won't try to stop you." Not looking away from her eyes, I released her and backed off slightly. She was trembling. Still looking me in the eye, she backed away from me, going through the door back into the living room. I was impressed that she didn't bump into anything. Finally, her calves ran into the couch, and she sat.

I took this as my cue. I sat next to her on the couch, but gave her some space. "I don't want to leave my boyfriend." Again her eyes swam with unshed tears, and she whimpered very softly. "I don't want to be without you either," I continued. "What I felt with you yesterday, and last night, it's been like nothing I've ever felt before. I don't want to lose that feeling. I don't want to lose you."

She shook her head sadly. "I'm not going to be someone's B-girl, Lee. Not for you or anyone else, so if that's what you had in mind -- "

"No!" I shouted, startling her again. "Chrissie, damn it, listen to me! I love you!" The words just poured out. I hadn't meant to say it, it just happened. Undaunted, I continued. "I want the three of us to be together, as equal partners. I want us to have a lasting relationship. I want you to meet Jesse, and I want you to be together as well."

Taking a chance, I grabbed her hand. She didn't pull it away, and that encouraged me. "It's not just sex," I continued in a softer tone. "I don't need a fuck buddy. I could have all kinds of partners if I wanted. I need you to be...I don't know. I guess wife is the word. I need you to be my friend, lover, sister, and confidant, all of those." She was looking at me in frank amazement now.

"I have never met anyone like you. Don't you know how special you are?" I was the one shaking now. "At the same time, I don't want to leave Jess. He is a good man -- you'd love him. He means so much to me, that I think I might die without him." That line might have sounded like a cliché to some, but I meant it with all my heart and Chrissie could tell. 

Following my instincts I moved to her side and hugged her. It was a gentle, intimate hug. I gently kissed her cheek, which I noted was slightly damp. I made sure she could push away if she wanted to. Either she was willing to try it or she wasn't. I had said all that was in me. 

"Why didn't you just tell me up front that you had a boyfriend?" she asked. There was no anger or resentment there. She wasn't accusing me of anything, but she had to know. Don't ask how I knew that. Both of us were naked to each other now, and I mean that in the spiritual rather than the physical sense. Her question deserved complete honesty.

"When you and I were together in the dressing room, it was electric. It felt so good, but beyond the physical I wanted you. I wanted all of you, not just your body. I was afraid if I told you about him too soon or in the wrong way, you'd be hurt and leave." I sighed. "Please, even if you leave, find it in your heart to forgive me. I was stupid. I didn't know how to react. I handled things the wrong way." Now I was the one crying. "I didn't meant to hurt you, and I am so, so, sorry."

She put her arms around me then, and hugged me gently. 

"Yes, you handled it wrong," she said softly, "But, if I were in your place and feeling what you felt, I might have done the same." She kissed my cheek gently. "I've been hurt badly in the past, and not just by Kara," she said, referring to her former lover by name for the first time. "It may be against my better judgment, but I'm going to see where this leads." She kissed me again, this time on the lips.

I looked at her again, hope rising in my heart like a tidal wave. She smiled at me.

"I guess I should mention that I haven't been with a man -- sexually speaking -- since high school. This poor young man of yours might be disappointed -- "

I interrupted her with a passionate kiss, the strength of which surprised us both. When we finally came up for air, we each wiped the other's tears away.

"You won't disappoint him or me. We won't fail -- at anything we do together," I said, my voice thick with emotion. 

Chrissie smiled at me, and this time it was a happy smile. 

"So, if I'm going to this club, you'll need to tell me where I can get a really great dress."

***

After I directed Chrissie to my favorite formal wear shop, I rushed to get myself ready. I grabbed my favorite dress, and all the matching accessories, placed them carefully in my dress bag, and threw some clothes on. My house phone rang as I was moving for the door. 

"Hello?" I said picking up the handset. 

"LEE!" came Jesse's rich voice. "Baby, I've been trying to get you since yesterday! Why haven't you called me?"

Just then I heard a car horn from in front of my apartment. Peeking out the window, I saw it was Erica, one of my band-mates, here to pick me up for the gig. "Jess, honey, I have to leave for the club. You're coming tonight since you don't have to work, right?"

Put off balance by the subject change, he wasn't able to frame an answer.

I couldn't help taking advantage of the situation. "Great!" I said, brightly, before he could speak. "I'll see you tonight. I love you, baby." I hung up and rushed out the door, pausing only to lock up. 

As soon as we got to the club, Erica parked the car in back, and we hurried to the dressing rooms backstage. As we were the only two females in the group, we had plenty of space. I hurriedly shucked my clothes and opened my dress bag. I heard Erica sigh softly as she caught sight of my nakedness. I've known -- the whole band has known, actually -- for years that Erica was a closet lesbian. She might think no one knows, (she doesn't exactly paper her walls with Melissa Etheridge posters) but we all do. She flirts with our male band-mates all the time, even offering to go home with them. They all love her too much to do that to her, though. I thought about telling her that we all know, and advising her to just be who she is, but I didn't do it. When she's finally ready to come out, I think she'll be shocked to learn we already knew. 

Moving quickly, I started to dress. For tonight, I had my absolute favorite dress. It's colored a deep, wine-red. The bodice is strapless, and clings to me in all the right places. The shape and cut flatters my firm little breasts, making them look about half a cup size bigger than they really are. The skirt clings to me around the hips, and drops straight to my ankles. The left side features a slit that comes all the way up to mid-thigh. Depending on how I move, I can show a little leg or a lot.

I also had a pair of thong panties, an old-fashioned garter belt, and medium heels that matched the color perfectly. I had to be careful with the heels, because I don't wear them often and I have no wish to die young. The final touch was a pair of thigh-highs that are just a shade darker than my skin tone. I dressed quickly, and moved to the mirror for hair and makeup. My short hair needed just a little bit of mousse to get it in place. I did my lashes and lipstick, with a touch of eye shadow, and I was done. Jesse never likes me to wear a ton of makeup. He tells me my face shouldn't be hidden. Love that guy. As I checked myself in the mirror, my confidence level soared. I looked fantastic! The outfit was expensive but it was worth every penny: I had an ensemble that practically screamed "FUCK ME" and yet still managed to look beautiful and elegant.

Erica had made herself up at home, and so was ready before me. We left the dressing room and hit the stage. The curtain was still down, and the band was tuning their instruments. The theme here at the club is ball room dancing, and the music they prefer is suited to that. My band does Big Band, Jazz, some light Blues, and of course, covers of old Sinatra tunes. 

I looked stage left and saw the tech nod. It was nearly time. Erica took her place at the baby grand piano, and I draped myself across it, waiting. As the curtain slowly started up, Brad (the band leader) gave our cue. The band started the intro to our first piece ("Fever," a sassy number that's a frequent request here), and I walked up to the mic as soon as the curtain was high enough. My walk was sexy with lots of hip and leg on display. That first song went quick. I watched the crowd dancing as I sang. We had a full house tonight, and they were really enjoying themselves. 

After that, I sang "The Way You Look Tonight," an old Frank Sinatra hit that usually gets everyone on the dance floor. Next, we did "Moonlight Becomes You." Finally, after two more dance tunes, our first set was over. The curtain went down after applause, and Brad waved us off after a quick reminder that our break was only 20 minutes -- "And take it easy at the bar!" he finished, with a stern look at someone in the rhythm section. 

I left the stage and headed for the bar, getting lots of attention on the way. I love this dress! After a minute of anxious searching, I found Chrissie. She was sitting at the far end of the bar, waving at me. I hurried to meet her, and stopped dead as soon as I got a good look. I hadn't been shopping with her, so this was the first time I saw what she got. 

Chrissie was absolutely stunning in a black satin dress with matching heels and gauntlets. The color and sheen of the fabric emphasized her fantastic skin while the neckline left her creamy shoulders and upper arms bare. Her deep cleavage was evident, but tastefully so. The bodice hugged her curves in all the right places, with a skirt that fell to just above her knees. Her stockings were nearly as dark as her dress. 

She could see the affect she had on me, and I knew that my outfit was doing the same thing to her. Conscious of my limited time, I waved her towards an empty booth near the bar. As she sat across from me, she smiled. 

"You look amazing!" she said.

"So do you, baby," I replied. She smiled, blushing slightly. Just then, I saw Jesse approaching from behind her. 

"Hi, Jesse!" I said, smiling and standing to hug him. He looked great too, wearing an understated black tux. The jacket was double-breasted and tailless in the new style. It fit his strong frame perfectly. At 5'11 and 180 pounds (a lot of that muscle) he could wear most anything well. I wrapped my arms tightly around him, and after a moment pushed back just far enough to kiss him deeply. When we separated I noticed that he was slightly flushed and I noticed the beginnings of a bulge in his trousers. 

"I'd like you to meet someone very special to me, baby," I said, turning back to the booth. Chrissie was already standing, a radiant smile on her face. "This is Christine. We met Friday night. I love her, and I think you will too." 

Jesse smiled back a little uncertainly at Chrissie, looking furtively at me from the corner of his eye. Chrissie stepped closer and took him in a gentle embrace, pressing her curves against him and kissing him lightly on the lips. Jesse was too startled to pull away, and Chrissie used the moment to deepen the kiss. Like most men would have, he responded almost automatically, his arms coming up to hold her, his mouth opening to her. Then, his brain caught up with his body and he very gently pushed back from Chrissie.

"Uh, hi --" he began, but Chrissie, speaking to me, cut him off.

"Wow, Lee, you were right about him!" she said. "He is so strong, and he kisses almost as well as you do!"

Taking my cue, I regarded her with a playful expression. "Is that so? We'll have to test that theory," I replied. I moved closer to her, cupped her face tenderly in both hands, and kissed her passionately. She responded instantly to me, her arms wrapping around me. I could feel her pulse quickening. After a moment we parted, and Jesse wasn't the only man nearby who had to discreetly adjust the front of his tux. 

The expression on Jess's face was hysterically funny -- I wanted to snap a photo with my cell phone, but that might have ruined the moment. Instead, I left some money on the table to take care of our drinks, then took Jess and Chrissie by the hand. We moved toward the artfully concealed passage to the backstage area. Once there, I used my key and let the three of us into the ladies' dressing room.

Jess still had that delightfully pole-axed expression on his face, but Chrissie looked hungry. Closing and locking the door, I turned around and unfastened Jess's trousers, and pulled them down along with his boxers. He stared back and forth at me and Chrissie, obviously unable to accept that this was happening to him. Chrissie laid a cushion from the arm chair on the floor to keep me from ruining my stockings as I slowly went to my knees and took his cock in my mouth.

Jesse moaned low in his throat, his eyes closing for a moment as I took his entire manhood in my mouth. He's what people call a "grower," not a "show-er." His cock is a good 9 inches when hard, but when it's soft it's...well, smaller. I love the first few moments of giving him head for that reason; when he is completely hard it's just too big for me to do that. But for the first few moments, I can suck his whole dick. 

For a second, I held him there and let him enjoy my warm, wet mouth. He quickly hardened, and that was my call to action. Keeping things slow, I pulled back sucking as I went. He moaned again, but it was muffled. Without releasing his cock I looked up, and saw that Chrissie hadn't been waiting on the sidelines. She was pressed firmly against his left side, kissing him deeply. Jesse had his left hand beneath her dress, cupping her gorgeous ass and squeezing it gently. 

Almost as one, both Jesse and Christine reached down toward me with their free hands. Jess slipped his hand into my dress and swept his fingers lightly over my nipples while Chrissie put her hand behind my head and caressed my neck. Jesse's hips were bucking in short motions, and I used my arms to steady myself. I pulled off of him and licked the underside of his cock, and then went for his balls, sensing Chrissie take his shaft in her hand as I did. I licked his sensitive sack while Chrissie pumped him with her hand. He was moaning into her mouth as they kissed, and I knew he wouldn't last a lot longer. His right hand slid back out of my dress and started stroking my hair. That was sort of like a signal between us, letting me know he was going to come very soon. 
