 The Pleasure Trip continues

I was driving the RV on I-55 in Mississippi heading towards Louisiana. We were travelling at about 60 m.p.h.. The traffic on the freeway was relatively light. Glancing at the clock, I noticed it was 11:15. We would be stopping soon at a rest area for lunch. I glanced sideways at the two attractive ladies on my right. My blue-eyed wife, Alex, was sitting in the revolving captain's chair with her feet up on the dash. She was dressed in short shorts and her long legs and smooth thighs were an alluring sight. She had on a sleeveless V-shaped neck tank top which reached about two inches below her braless breasts and exposed a good deal of skin. Lisa, our sultry female companion who had joined us in Chicago for a two-week pleasure trip to Arizona, had perched herself on the dash between myself and Alex. She was wearing similar attire except that her shortened top had a sweetheart neckline. From my position, I could see the underside of her eye-catching tits. Her exquisite thighs and stretched-out legs were a constant distraction. I was driving with a perpetual hard-on with these two sensual companions.

"Lisa, would you check the GPS for the next rest area?" She slipped elegantly from her perch, squatted next to the GPS and entered the required information. She had become quite adept at using the GPS. After several minutes, she informed me," The next one is 28 miles from here." 

"Would you like a glass of orange juice, Will?" the dark-haired Lisa inquired. "Yes, please, Lisa" "How about you, Alex?" "Make mine cranberry, please. Thank you, Lisa."

I had a rear-view mirror which gave an excellent observation of the kitchen area where Lisa was heading. Keeping an eye on the road which was clear except for the occasional vehicle, I surveyed Lisa's swaying ass as she sashayed towards the refrigerator. She knew I was observing her in the mirror, and she deliberately exaggerated her hip movements. She worked in the kitchen for a while. Smiling broadly, she came back with three glasses on a small tray. Bending down, she handed one to my blonde wife.

"That woman has beautiful breasts, Will!" exclaimed Alex as she looked inside Lisa's neckline. Lisa accepted the compliment by kissing Alex on the forehead. She turned, bent down to place my juice in the cup tray and giving me an unobstructed view of her beautiful chest.

"What do you think, Will? queried Lisa lewdly, bending over and lifting her tank top to give me an eye-popping view of her luscious tits. 

"Alex, from that tent in his shorts, I think he agrees with you" the lascivious Lisa said as she playfully squeezed my erection.

"Easy, woman, I'm driving. You could be arrested for causing an accident," I scolded her mockingly.

Laughing, Lisa went back to her to her perch on the dash. Luckily, the cars were far behind us and the only vehicle in front was a lone tractor-trailer about a quarter mile ahead.

"You know Lisa, two years ago we were travelling with the RV from Florida. We had almost reached the Georgia border. I was sitting in this seat completely nude because I felt too lazy to dress. There was this big rig ahead of us, much like today. While Will was passing, the truck driver was gawking at me and up popped this big card NICE TITS! Will and I had a good laugh. But he passed us and slowed down so that Will had to get around him again. Since there were no cars on the road, Will matched his speed for a while. The guy kept gaping of course and the next card said MORE PLEASE! Feeling very naughty, I stood up and gave him the full view. I even caressed my pussy for him. Will warned me that a car was coming up behind us, I sat down and Will moved over in the right lane. Will told me the guy was slowing down and was turning off at the Valdosta exit so we never got beyond that flash."

"Did that make you hot? Lisa asked innocently.

"You should have been there, Lisa. She fucked my head off at the next rest area." I interjected. "Say, why don't you girls try it with this fellow up ahead...assuming it's a he."

The two girls were laughing when I passed the truck. I glanced over quickly and saw that Alex had taken off her brief tank top and bare-breasted, was waving at the driver. Lisa had twisted to face the truck and her long legs were most enticing. Looking ahead, I matched my speed with that of the truck driver. He kept looking and suddenly put up a sign on which the word WOW! was written in large characters. The ladies kept waving and were enjoying themselves. I speeded up and passed the truck. No sooner had I reintegrated the right lane that I saw in my mirrors the truck driver accelerating and signalling to pass our RV. 

"He's coming back up. I think he wants another look, gals." At that point, Lisa took off her top and both women exposed their full breasts. The guy passed me, waved, gave the girls the high sign and signalled to go right ahead of us. He no doubt expected me to go up alongside him again. Which I proceeded to do as soon as I had checked the traffic coming up. When I was clear, I matched my speed with his and he kept ogling the lovely women who were smiling at him with hands squeezing their mounds for additional effect. The next card to appear read "I'M WILLING!"

"This guy has done this before," laughed Alex. "Handsome guy; looks to be about 45 or so, wouldn't you say, Lisa?" 

"He looks good to me, Alex. Do you think he might follow us in the rest area?" asked Lisa.

The blue sign on the right up ahead indicated REST AREA- 2 miles. "We'll soon see," I said. "What do you ladies have in mind if he follows us?"

"Why not invite him for lunch and a little fun afterwards?" suggested Alex. "Are you OK with that, Will? 

A scenario of my wife fucking a stranger while I looked on had always been a fantasy of mine. To have a female friend join would be doubly exciting. "I have no problems with that whatsoever, Alex. I would like to video tape that "little fun afterwards"

"Wouldn't you like to join in?"

"You know I would. But we've got to remember that these truckers have set schedules to follow. He may not have too much time.. And anyway, you two will get him so hot and bothered over lunch that he probably won't last long"

"Why don't we prepare a light lunch and you go out and invite him in? 

"He may want to go to the restroom first. We don't know this guy, so don't fuck him without condoms. Ladies, better cover up. We're going into the rest area."

I signalled to enter the rest area keeping an eye out for the tractor-trailer. As I expected, he was following us in. I drove to the end of the truck and RV parking lot and stopped in the last space. A few minutes later, the large van came alongside. The driver came out and walked around his rig seemingly checking things out. He was almost six feet tall, with wide shoulders, a handsome weather-burned face with dark hair tinged with grey at the temples. I concurred with the gals' estimation of his age...in his late forties. He smiled widely when I climbed down from the driver's seat and extended my hand.

"Hello. My name is Will. I guess those two gals gave you quite an eyeful, didn't they?" 

"I'm Joe. That's the best I've seen in quite a while. You're one lucky bastard to be travelling with cuties like that."

"Do you often get women flashing you on the road?"

"Well, not often enough! But this is my first time with an RV. It's usually minivans with gals stretching their legs up on the dash and flashing a good bit of thigh. Sometimes you get a bare tit. That's why I've got the cards."

"Where are you heading and what kind of schedule are you on?"

"Heading for Baton Rouge, Louisiana. They keep us on a pretty tight schedule. I sometimes have to put in the extra hours but you gotta be careful nowadays."

"The women are preparing a bit of lunch. Care to join us if you have time?"

"Be glad to, Will. I was gonna stop for a bite pretty soon anyway. Let me hit the restroom first to wash up a bit and I'll be with you in about 10 minutes, OK?"

"OK Joe. We'll expect you."

I went back aboard and found the women preparing delicious-looking sandwiches. The table was set for four. They had sliced tomatoes, cucumbers, celery and mini carrots in small trays. They had also set out beer mugs figuring this guy might be a beer drinker.

"Looks very good, ladies. And so do you. The guy is named Joe. He'll be here in about 10 minutes he said, Gone to wash up. Says he's on a fairly tight schedule. He's headed for Louisiana. Still game to seduce him?"

"You bet. We've been discussing this and we're pretty horny, don't you agree, Lisa?" said Alex lewdly. "Will, we'd like you to sit beside Lisa .Once we've eaten, you fondle her in front of him at some point. Then I'll reach for his erection and we'll take it up from there. What do you think?"

My cock was doing my thinking. I felt it growing again in my shorts. "You devils! This guy hasn't got a chance. I'll get the video camera ready. I hope he doesn't mind my filming everything."

"I think he'll be too busy to object." predicted the devilish Lisa.

SEDUCING A TRUCKER by Lover4u --PART TWO

Looking out the window, I saw Joe ambling back towards us. I opened the door and gestured him in. 

"Joe, this is Alex, my wife."

"Pleasure to meet you ma'am." Joe said shyly. He extended his hand but Alex ignored it and got very close to him and kissed him on the mouth, 

"Welcome aboard, Joe. We're very happy to have you."

"And this is a very dear friend of ours, Lisa."

Not to be outdone, Lisa smiled into Joe's face, placed her arms around his neck and gave him a long kiss. "We're delighted to have you, Joe. And please don't "ma'am" us, I'm Lisa and she's Alex. We want you to enjoy yourself."

Joe couldn't believe his good fortune in being welcomed in this fashion by two very sexy-looking women. His satisfied expression left no doubt that he was thinking," You better believe I'm gonna enjoy myself!"

"Joe and Will, why don't you guys sit by the window. Lisa and I will do the serving. Would you like a beer with your meal, Joe?

"I'll have one, please, even though I'm not supposed to drink on the job. I doubt one beer will make a difference." said Joe. He couldn't seem to stop looking at Alex , his focus being on her short tank top that showed the underside of her tits whenever she raised her arms. 

Alex took a bottle out of the fridge and had the cap off when it dropped to the floor. She placed the bottle on the table near Joe's plate and bent down to retrieve the cap. Her tank top opened up and Joe got a close-up of Alex's stunning chest. She took her time making certain that Joe saw her rose-colored areolas and hard excited nipples. Seeing that Joe was now sporting an erection, she rose with the cap in hand. She looked at Joe and she couldn't mistake the lust in his eyes. 

Lisa gave me a beer and the girls split another. They served the sandwiches and we all started eating. Lisa got up to get the salt only to find that the shaker was empty. 

"Damn! "she said and we all looked her way. She reached up to the top shelf to get the box of salt. Her tank top rose with her arm and her breasts were uncovered. She seemed to have difficulty reaching the box. I stood to help her. Knowing that the other two were watching us, I started kneading Lisa's appealing tits.

"Does that help you, lover?" I said loud enough for Joe to hear. He couldn't miss the fondling and the lover endearment. Lisa turned around, put her arms around my neck and kissed me passionately. Lisa pressed against my erection. With that additional demonstration, it would be difficult for Joe to ignore our intentions.

Lisa filled the salt shaker and we went back to the table. She salted her beer and we resumed eating the sandwiches and the veggies.

I could see Alex's arm as she leaned against Joe. Her left hand was surely on his thigh. The guy could see my wife coming on to him but her husband was sitting across from him. I knew how hot he must be with Alex caressing his thigh and probably his erection. I looked at him, winked and nodded. I'm sure he could interpret that as my giving permission to respond to my wife's obvious approach. To reinforce his impression, I turned towards Lisa, slipped my left hand under her tank top and fondled her breasts, lifting the garment while doing so. Her arms circled my neck and we kissed lustfully.

Lunch was forgotten as Alex got up and pulled Joe after her. She headed for the bedroom and Lisa followed them. I extracted the video camera from a deep drawer and placed it on standby.

Standing at the door leading into the bedroom, I saw the two women undressing Joe. His cock was straining against his under shorts, Alex took hold of his long rigid tool and Lisa removed his boxers. Alex got on the bed and pulled Joe after her. She told him to lie down on his back. I started filming the action. Next, my bawdy wife languorously shed her tank top unveiling her eye-catching breasts. Joe's erection seemed to grow as he contemplated this unexpected bounty. The short shorts were next removed with tantalizing slowness. The statuesque Alex was wearing a sexy thong. An involuntary moan escaped Joe's lips as he gazed hypnotically at this female who was preparing to fuck him. Lisa doffed her top and bent down to allow Joe to suck her nipples. Joe must have thought he was dreaming and had gone to heaven.

By then Alex had peeled off her thong. She straddled the man without coming down on him. Lisa kissed Joe, reached out for a foiled-wrapped condom and tore the envelope. She kneeled down beside Alex, passed her the penis sheath, and took hold of Joe's cock at the base. I saw her firmly squeezing his stiff member. They both had sensed Joe's arousal and did not want Joe to ejaculate while my wife was rolling the condom on his cock. As I filmed my two companions with this stranger, I was amazed at the complicity between these two lustful females. I definitely did not want to miss any of this. With her left hand, Lisa kept holding Joe's hard cock by the base and with her right she rolled the latex-covered cockhead on Alex's juicy lips. I zoomed in on the action. Alex was moaning while her friend stimulated her drenched genitalia. I focused on Joe who was kneading my wife's tits and pulling not too gently on her long stiff nipples as she encouraged him. I heard Alex whimpering and I refocused on her cunt. She was sliding slowly on Joe's thick cock. She enfolded his shaft until it disappeared in her vagina. When her succulent pussy reached her helper's fist still holding the trucker's cock, she stopped, and then pressed down further to get his full length in her. Lisa felt the heat of the engorged cunt and removed her hand. She reached around to caress my wife's clit. Doubly stimulated, Alex was fucking the trucker in earnest and he reciprocated. This was Alex's first time fucking another man with me watching and filming her. I was mesmerized by her sexual energy. Alex was going wild, her blonde head thrown back. Her yelps and whines could surely be heard outside. And the tempestuous fucking on the bed must have rocked the RV. Alex squealed her climax; she was in the throes of a violent orgasm. Joe who had been humping Alex from his reclining position arched his back and let out a loud prolonged grunt. I could imagine semen bursting forth from his stiff cock into the condom deep in my wife's vagina. 

I had filmed it all including the carnal sounds and the exhilarating stimulation the three participants had provided. My bone-hard penis wanted to burst out of my shorts. I needed release and my two companions would be there after the stranger left. But we had to get Joe on his way and back to his job. Lisa helped her satiated friend from the bed. Alex removed Joe's cum-filled condom as he lay back, exhausted. Lisa slipped on his under shorts and he offered no resistance. His jeans were next and the two girls got him to lift his ass so they could adjust the pants. Joe understood that he should be on his way; he put on his shirt eyeing lecherously my naked wife and her sensuous friend wearing a brief thong. 

"Thank you very much. I never thought in my wildest fantasy that I would have such a lucky day with two wonderful sexy ladies. This has been out of this world. Thank you so very much. I'm much obliged to you too, Will" 

"It's been our pleasure," said Alex as she kissed Joe goodbye. He couldn't resist stroking her ass cheeks. Lisa was next. She kissed him tenderly and said goodbye as she pressed herself against his new-found erection. "You'll have to take care of that yourself, honey" she whispered in his ear. He passed his right hand over her breasts, turned around and left. Soon we heard the powerful roar of the tractor-trailer as it exited the rest area.

My hard-on was still very apparent. Alex took the video camera from me. "Lisa will take care of that erection, my love. I want to see you fucking her and I want to add that session to our video."

Lisa unbuttoned my shirt which I threw on a chair. She unbuckled my belt and with both hands removed my shorts and my jockeys in one quick movement. I reciprocated and peeled off her thong. Alex filmed us going into the bedroom where Lisa lay on her back on the bed, spread her legs and opened her wet shiny cunt for me. I was inside her dripping pussy in a flash. We immediately established a wild fucking rhythm, fucking like rutting animals. I thrust into her and she pushed right back. We were both extremely horny from all we had witnessed earlier. We became a virtual fucking unit, moaning, whimpering, and grunting. The fact that Alex was watching and getting it all on film intoxicated us and we sweated to a simultaneous explosive orgasm. I collapsed on Lisa's curvaceous and silky body. She hugged me and I remained in her as my limp cock relaxed in her warm pussy.

"That was beautiful. I can't wait to see this again," whispered Alex. She laid the video camera on the bedside table and joined us on the bed. "I hope we can have a few more "lunches and a little fun afterwards" on our trip." I rolled off Lisa and she snuggled close. Alex cuddled up against Lisa on the other side and we rested in the afterglow of our sexual release.