 When Elliot walked into the restaurant and saw his girlfriend Sophie talking to Carl he felt very jealous. Not jealous that she was with another guy, but jealous of her, that she could command the attention of such a hot guy.

Lately Elliot had found himself more and more attracted to men and it was driving him crazy. He didn't know what to do about it; didn't have the first clue about how to seduce a guy, or what to do with him really. But he knew that Carl pressed all his buttons. He was everything Elliot was not, slim, blonde, toned, exciting and interesting. Not that Elliot was some kind of dog; far from it; but he thought he was just an ordinary guy perhaps carrying a few too many pounds and with a dick on the small side.

Carl smiled and greeted Elliot.

'Hey Buddy, how are ya?' he said.

'Not too bad.' replied Elliot as he planted a quick kiss on Sophie's lips.

'Your beautiful girlfriend was just telling me about what a good lover you are.' Carl said.

Elliot's eyes widened in shock and surprise and he was speechless. He couldn't believe that Sophie would do a thing like that, but then again she seemed like such a different person when she was with Carl.

'Just teasing.' Carl said. 

He grinned, flashing those pearly white teeth and Elliot was once more struck by his beauty. How he wished he could make love to this man, perhaps make love to him while Sophie watched. Or at the very least watch Carl making love to Sophie. He could see Carl's taut buttocks pumping away as his fat cock drove deeper and deeper into her warm wet pussy. Would his ass would be satin smooth, or would he have a little blonde fuzz foresting the man mounds of delight. In Elliot's mind eye he was in the room with them, watching them fuck, drinking in the sounds and smells of their lovemaking.

'Hey, what are you thinking about?' Carl asked, snapping Elliot out of his daydream.

'I was just imagining you making love to Sophie.' Elliot replied.

'Really!' Carl spluttered.

'What ... what was it like?' Sophie asked.

Elliot had always been so shy and conservative and she was not about to let this chance pass. He hardly ever talked about sex; she had no idea what turned him on or what he fantasized about. How many nights hadn't she lain awake after sex with Elliot and thought about having Carl fill her up. Ever since Elliot had mentioned, apropos of nothing, that he thought Carl had a big cock Sophie had fantasized about it.

'It was really hot. You were moaning like a wanton slut,' Elliot said 'and I was about to join in.'

'What were you going to do to me?' Sophie asked.

'It wasn't you I was going to do anything to.' Elliot replied slyly.

Carl gulped and Elliot blushed beet red.

'Go on...' Sophie croaked, her voice rasping with desire.

'I can't. I'm embarrassed now.' Elliot said sadly.

Carl stood up.

'Come on, we're leaving.' he said.

'Where are we going to?' Sophie asked.

'My place.' Carl said, his voice low and husky. 'I'm going to give you two the fucking you both deserve.'

Elliot's knees felt weak as the trio headed for Carl's apartment which was close by. As soon as they got through the door Carl pulled Elliot into his arms and kissed him full on the lips. A shocked Elliot opened his mouth and let Carl's snake like tongue in. Sophie watched as Carl grabbed a handful of her boyfriend's ass. The sight of her two favourite men getting it on was more than she could bear. She ripped open her blouse and undid her bra. A few quick flicks of her nails soon had her nipples standing to attention. She pressed herself flat against Elliot's back and reached for his fly.

Sophie unbuttoned Elliot's jeans and released his hard dick. She felt Carl's hand brush over hers briefly and then she felt his hard cock press into her hand. She let go of Elliot's familiar cock and reached for this new, exciting cock. And what a cock it was. The shaft was steel hard and seemed to go on forever. Sophie judged it to be a good ten inches long and she couldn't wait to impale herself of that massive man rod.

Elliot started tugging at his jeans and she helped him get them off. She cupped her hands around his plump cheeks and massed them. It turned her on to think that soon perhaps Carl's hard dick would be slicing through those soft cheeks as it sought out the warmth of Elliot's virgin asshole. Up until today she had no idea that he fancied men; she had never even touched his asshole before but she probed it now and Elliot loved it.

Carl broke their kiss and dropped to his knees. He took Elliot's nuts into his mouth and Elliot just about passed out with delight. This guy knew how to please a man, that was for sure. Carl's hands roamed up and down Elliot's thighs and then pressed Sophie's hand deeper into Elliot's crack. Carl was so turned on he wasn't sure which one he wanted to fuck first, but Elliot helped him make the decision.

'I want to see you fuck Sophie.' he panted.

Carl led them into the bedroom where they all got naked. Elliot's eyes feasted on the delicious naked beauty of Carl. His ten inch cock jutted out like a dangerous weapon while his two big, smooth, low hangers jigged about as he walked. Car's ass was smooth and rock hard, slightly paler than the rest of him. His chest too was smooth and his nipples were tiny little brown nubs that cried out for some attention.

Sophie lay down on the bed and Carl's face was instantly between her thighs, eating her out like she was the last pussy he was ever going to have. Elliot's eyes were out on stalks as he watched Carl's tongue delving into Sophie's pussy; the sight of the sex munch made him even more horny than he had been up to now. He wanted to do the same, but could he... His lust took over and he knew no boundaries. He got down on the floor and pulled Carl's ass onto his face. His nose disappeared up Carl's musky crack and his tongue darted out to make contact with his first rosebud.

Elliot was like a pig feeding at the trough, or a hungry baby animal on the teat. He couldn't get enough of that sweet pucker. Carl started rubbing his ass all over Elliot's face, freeing Elliot's hands to wank on his very hungry and hard dick. Sensing what Elliot was up to Carl reached back and felt for Elliot's rod. It was small, but a very respectable girth and it was as hard as could be. It was a cock built for a ride and so Carl started pushing back down Elliot's torso.

Elliot gasped when he realized Carl's intentions. With one easy movement Carl sat down on Elliot's straining cock and started pleasuring himself on it. Sophie got up off the bed and came and sat down on Elliot's face. He greedily lapped at her pussy as Carl rode his cock, giving him the most amazing sensations. It was as if electricity was being zapped through him, connecting his cock directly to his mouth. If he had known fucking ass was this good he would have tried it ages ago. Sophie and Carl shared aa kiss as they both rode Elliot, who reached around Sophie to grab hold of Carl's mammoth dick.

How could poor Elliot hold out against such pleasure? It was his first time going bi and it was everything he ever dreamed it might be. He could feel the soles of his feet start to tingle as his orgasm started to build. He increased the speed with which he whacked Carl's dick and in return Carl rode his cock like he was riding in a rodeo. Carl's expert finger had tickled Sophie to her first orgasm. She was in the throes of her second when Elliot bucked underneath her and pumped off into Carl's tight ass.As he did so Carl's cock exploded shooting thick, hot jizz all over him and Sophie.

Elliot was very embarrassed by the whole thing when it was over but Carl and Sophie were not in the least ashamed. They had another amazing round of hot sex while Elliot watched and learned. He knew the next time he and Sophie came round to Carl's apartment he would be getting his cherry busted and he looked forward to it.

Copyright 2004 Daniel Blue