 Copyright © January 2018 by CiaoSteve 

CiaoSteve reserves the right to be identified as the author of this work. 

This story cannot be published, as a whole or in part, without the express agreement of the author other than the use of brief extracts as part of a story review. 

This is a work of fiction. The events described here are imaginary; the settings and characters are fictitious and are not intended to represent specific places or living persons. 

Author's Notes 

Foreword #1: All characters in this series are over 18. 

Foreword #2: This is part 13 of "Secretary to Slut - Susan's Journey". Although there is a little recap at the start of the story, you may want to read from the start to get up to speed with Susan's journey to date. 

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 

Our Susan, a one time career girl with high aspirations, had fallen on hard times and found herself taking a job in the pleasure industry. Having second thoughts, Susan had accepted a compromise where she could leave of her own free will on the condition that she successfully completed the first week of training. 

Her classroom training finished, she had been given the chance to make her choice and had decided to leave. Starting out on a new life Susan had found a job, a prospective suitor and was getting her life back to what she thought was normality. The only problem though was that something was missing, something she only realised when she looked back through photos of her time with Master and the team. Then an unexpected invitation had reopened that chapter in her life. 

Susan's life had now been put into question as, after that reunion with Bex, the latter had turned up unannounced at her flat. What Jack had been told about their relationship was still a mystery but he had opened a large envelope that Bex had left behind, inside of which was a huge wad of money. 

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 

Susan sat down. She stared at the wad of money on the table and then at Jack. What was she to do? Her mind flicked between the two options. Come clean on the money and Bex or lie about both? Both were destined to a bad outcome and she considered each in turn without saying a word. 

She could come clean on the whole thing, explain how she had gotten caught up in the pleasure industry and become a sex slut. Add in the fact that Bex was her lesbian lover and that the money was for being the centre of attention at a young woman's coming of age party. She could almost hear the door slamming as Jack left. So the other option was to lie about Bex and the money. Maybe she would keep Jack but for how long? A life built on lies was hardly a stable one and then there was the question of Bex herself. Surely by lying about their relationship she would lose the one she probably loved the most. And then there was the uncertainty of exactly what Bex might have told Jack before Susan got back. 

So what was it to be? Truth or lie? Truth or . . . . she was broken from her contemplation by Jack's soft voice. 

"Is there something you want to tell me Susan?" 

There was silence bar the sound of Susan swallowing deeply. Was her life about to fall apart and if so which bit did she want to preserve. Once again it was that question which had been haunting her from the first day that she ever met Bex. Her mind said it was wrong yet her heart said she was the one. Add to that the fact that she had actually enjoyed most of her time with Master had actually revealed a hidden desire; the desire to be a slut. It was a side to her that she never knew existed and to be honest she would have found repulsive only a matter of months ago. 

It was decision time. Bex or Jack? Secretary or Slut? 

"I'm not angry," continued Jack softly "I just think you owe me an explanation." 

Her mind was made but there was the problem. Why was Jack being so nice about it? Surely he already suspected and if he suspected then why hadn't he dumped her immediately? Maybe that was still to come. Either way, Susan just had to come clean. She couldn't bear a relationship built on lies and she couldn't bear to hurt Bex. 

"Jack, I'm sorry, so sorr . . . ." her words faded into incoherence as she started to cry. 

Jack opened his arms and gestured to Susan to come and join him on the sofa. Slowly she picked herself up and did just that. He took her under his arm and held her close, wiping away the tears running down her cheek with one long finger. He kissed her gently on the forehead. 

"I love you Susan, I hope you know that. My life hasn't been the same since you came into it and I don't want it to be any different. I've never pried into your past and to be honest the past is the past and is not important. It is the future which matters." 

Slowly Susan dried up her tears. She had a lot of explaining to do, however hard, and it had better start now. Over the next half hour or so Susan explained all. Her relationship which fell apart, losing her job, the financial hardship incurred and then the interview for a job in the leisure industry. She covered the week of training that she went through, in enough detail but not too graphically, and how she had met Bex. Then there was the boat trip which resulted in her decision to leave and form a new life, a new life which culminated in her time with Jack. Finally there was the unexpected reunion with Bex and the party. 

"Please Jack," she continued "you have to understand. I never planned for any of this and when I found you I thought I could put everything behind me. Then . . . " 

Susan was interrupted as Jack continued her sentence almost word for word from what she was intending to say. 

"Then you got one more chance to meet Bex and you had to do it. You had to know what you wanted, your old life or your new one. Am I right?" 

"Yes, how did you know?" 

"Call it gut feel. I may be a man but we're not all as thick as bricks. That and the fact that Bex tried herself to explain about you meeting up. So, did you get the answers you wanted?" 

There was a pause, a silent pause, as Susan took in what she was hearing. It seemed that Jack knew more than he was letting on to, yet he was still here. 

"From your reaction the other night I guess you didn't, but don't worry I invited Bex round for a few drinks with the two of us next Saturday. Maybe that'll help you decide." 

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 

Saturday arrived all too quickly and with it a nervous anticipation. Susan was on edge, reacting to every sound. This whole evening had the potential to be one of the worst. She could lose everything in a single evening; Jack, Bex or most likely both. 

Finally, there was a knock at the door. It was Susan who opened it. Outside was Jack, laden down with a couple of bags of groceries. Quickly he walked inside and deposited the bags in the kitchen, Susan following him close behind. Hands empied, the two embraced, a long lingering embrace, broken only when Jack pulled himself away. 

"This isn't gonna sort itself you know and Bex will be here in an hour. Why don't you go freshen up before she arrives." 

Susan did just that, heading off for a quick shower before deciding what to wear. Jack in the meantime got on with knocking up some dinner. If nothing else, he was at least a good cook. Dinner was to be an oven baked fideua, a paella like dish made for sharing but made with noodles instead of rice. As for desert . . . well Jack had other ideas for something sweet. 

It was Susan who appeared next, following the wonderful aromas of home cooking into the kitchen. She had changed into a stretchy red dress which clung to her every curve. Memories came flooding back at the feel of the dress. It was the one she wore before her first lesbian encounter with a strap-on. These were the secrets only she would know. With the fabric being so unforgiving, Susan had done away with her bra and had the sheerest pair of knickers on that she owned. 

"Mmmm, smells great," came Susan's sweet voice "what are we having?" 

"It's a surprise," came the reply "the first of many." The last part of the sentence was said under Jack's breath without being audible to his lover. 

There was another knock at the door and Susan went to answer. No surprises, Bex was standing outside, a bottle of wine in one hand. Almost immediately Susan felt those butterflies inside and with Bex barely through the door the two were embraced in a kiss. 

Jack smiled to himself, watching his lover kissing her girlfriend. This was going to be one hell of a night. He just knew it. 

Dinner was served, accompanied by the wine that Bex had brought. Susan was relieved. The evening was actually enjoyable, just a pleasant dinner for the three of them and none of the awkward questions that she expected. Maybe Jack had forgiven her. She took a second glass of wine along with the main course. The more she drank the more relaxed she felt. Food over, Jack started to clear away. 

"Why don't you two make yourselves comfortable while I clear this lot," came Jack's request. "I'm sure you have lots to talk about." 

Susan didn't notice the way he winked at Bex. If she had, then she would know that something was afoot. Jack disappeared into the kitchen and the women made themselves comfortable. Susan sat on the sofa and in an instant Bex was sitting beside her, one arm around Susan's shoulders. 

"No, Bex, we can't. Jack is next door." 

"He'll be some time," whispered Bex. 

"It's not right. I can't. Not here, not . . . ." 

Susan's remonstrations were cut short as Bex leant forward and kissed her. Bex moved her free arm and placed her hand on Susan's knee, just below the hemline of her dress. Slowly Bex moved her hand up, causing the dress to ride up with it. All the way up she moved until, finally, her fingers rested on the sheer fabric of Susan's knickers. She broke away from the kiss and smiled. 

"What have we here? Master would never have allowed this." 

Without waiting for any reply Bex went back to kissing her lover, at the same time probing between Susan's tightly closed legs seeking her hidden pussy. It was slow work, inching forward, a wiggling finger tip massaging as it went. The deeper she went though the more Susan seemed to relax, her legs moving apart ever so slightly. That was enough as Bex found her target, a long finger now tracing circles over the top of Susan's pussy lips. Maybe she was mistaken but those knickers already seemed damp after only the slightest manipulation. Bex broke away from her kiss to take a closer look. 

"Wow, Susan. Your wet already and I've hardly done anything." 

Susan was about to pull her legs back together but was prevented by Bex's hand wedged in between her upper thighs. She struggled slightly as fingers probed at the edge of her knickers, lifting away the fabric and providing easy access to the delights inside. Struggled, yes, but to be honest it was a half-hearted struggle from a woman who knew this was wrong but wanted it so much. Susan shuddered as she felt a finger brush against the moist skin of her outer lips. A second joined soon after. She closed her eyes as she felt her outer lips being eased apart. She knew she was wet and longed for those fingers deep inside, yet at the same time she knew there was the risk of Jack walking in at any minute. Her mind said stop yet her body couldn't. 

"Ughhh," gasped Susan as the first finger did slide its way inside, joined almost immediately by the second. 

The fingers started moving, a slow rocking motion in and out of her pussy. Nothing hard, just slow yet constant. Not a sound to be heard bar the rapidly deepening breathing as the effects of those fingers hit Susan. 

"Mmmmm," continued Susan "just a bit faster and then I'll cum before Jack gets here." 

They were words falling on deaf ears as Bex continued her slow steady rate, smiling as she watched the climax build within her lover. She listened as the moans increased. She felt as the pussy walls tightened around her invading fingers. And finally, leaving it as close as she dare, Bex stopped all movement. 

"Bex, no," came Susan's frustrated response. 

Bex waited though, allowing Susan to recover slightly before starting up her slow rocking motion once more. Slowly, slowly she edged her lover towards the point of no return then once again stopped. And so it continued, each time taking Susan close but not close enough. Each time Susan's remonstrations were stronger, her breathing more ragged and her appearance more flushed. It was during the next cycle that the kitchen door did open and Jack walked in. Quick as a flash Susan grabbed her dress, pulling it back down over Bex's hand. 

"Well, well, well. I see the two of you have gotten down to business without me." 

Jack glanced down and noticed Susan's vain attempts to cover up. 

"Oh, don't stop on my behalf. She looks a bit hot though. Don't you think you had better get rid of that dress?" 

Susan couldn't believe what she was hearing. She expected Jack to be throwing a tantrum yet here he was suggesting that her lesbian lover went ahead and stripped her naked. In fact it was Jack who helped pull her up off the sofa, Bex's fingers slipping out of her pussy with the sudden movement, and it was Jack who did the honours removing Susan's dress and sodden knickers. 

"There, that's much better," he continued, kissing Susan on the neck and giving her left breast a squeeze before he retired to his seat. "Now, didn't you two have something you were doing? Oh, and I think she needs to beg for it a bit more." 

So it was. The now naked Susan was back on the sofa, legs spread wide apart, with Bex knelt in between. This time, with full access to the dripping pussy in front of her, she had her middle two fingers deep inside. There was noting slow about the rhythm second time around. Those fingers worked in and out, fast and hard, a definite slapping sound as Bex's hand hit up against Susan's cunt. Susan moaned out loud as the fires built, but just as before her pleasure was cut short as Bex stopped. Time after time the same. To the edge and then back down, closer and closer and closer. 

Susan was a trembling wreck, a glow covering her skin with all her exertion. Her breathing was ragged as she pleaded for relief. It was Jack though who gave the signal; the signal to Bex to go all the way. Bex didn't need to be asked twice, her fingers becoming a blur as she worked her lover's pussy. It was just as Susan's moans reached a crescendo that Bex dipped her mouth in and nibbled on that hard nub of a clit. 

It was instantaneous. Susan went rigid as her climax hit. A huge scream as her pussy exploded, juices squirting out over Bex's impaled fingers and across the front of her dress. Bex removed her fingers, watching Susan's inner walls still pulsing as her pussy closed once more. She ran her tongue over her lover's lips tasting just a little of those sweet juices before turning to Jack. 

"Look what she did to my dress," she exclaimed "I guess I'll have to take it off. Can you give me a hand?" 

Jack smiled as he approached Bex. He glanced down at the exhausted Susan, noticing how she was watching every step he took. Susan watched as Jack removed the cum-splattered dress from her lover, revealing her curvaceous body and, as usual, a total lack of underwear. It was Jack next who removed his own clothes, a hard cock springing to attention. Susan was amazed. Here were her two lovers, the two she couldn't choose between, both naked and standing inches apart. It was Jack who broke the silence. 

"Shall we see which she chooses? Pussy or cock?" 

With that, Jack went and sat back in his chair with Bex sitting on the sofa at the opposite end to Susan. 

"Come on then Susan," continued Jack "it's time to see which way you choose. Will it be a cock inside your young pussy or do you favour the taste of another woman?" 

"Jack," exclaimed Susan "this isn't fair. I can't choose. You both mean so much to me and if I chose one over the other then I will only upset you, and myself. I'm sorry if you can't understand, or don't want to understand, but that is the truth. I want both of you. I know I can't have both of you but you can't ask me to choose like this." 

Susan looked almost at the point of crying. It was the moment she had dreaded, yet the moment she expected. Now the evening was about to go from pleasure to pain and it was down to her to choose which way to go. She couldn't. She just couldn't and surely that meant she lost both of them. Susan put her head in her hands and closed her eyes, thinking of just what to do. She barely noticed the laughter coming from Jack. One laugh which soon became two as Bex joined in. It wasn't a mocking laugh but more of a sympathetic reassuring laugh. It was the sound of Jack's voice which made Susan look up once more. 

"Oh my dear Susan, we're teasing you." 

She watched as Jack stood up, walked over and forced himself onto the sofa, nudging Susan into the middle in between her two lovers. Almost instantly she found one arm around her shoulder from the left and another from the right. One male arm and one female arm. 

"When Bex came round the other night we had plenty of time to catch up before you came back." 

"What? You know Bex?" sniffled Susan. 

"Well, I don't know Bex but I do know Connie. You see," said Jack "you're not the only one to have taken advantage of our young lady, only when I knew her she went by the name of Connie Lingus. Isn't that so, Bex?" 

"Yes Susan, Connie was my stage name whereas Bex is my actual name." 

"So Susan, the minute I recognised Connie, sorry Bex, I suspected everything. How could my darling girl have friends like this. We sat and talked, reflecting on our old times but eventually the conversation turned to you. Don't worry, Bex didn't betray your trust or loyalty but it was evident that she was in love with you. At the same time though she told me about your love for me. The way you kissed when she left told me that you still had a thing for her." 

"I'm sorry Jack," interrupted Susan "I never wanted to hurt anyone. It just happened and ever since I've wanted the best for everyone." 

"Who said anything about hurt?" continued Jack. "I'm not and I don't think Bex is either. We've tried to be the model couple but for sure it isn't what you want and you may be surprised to know that it isn't what I want either." 

"What do you mean Jack? Not what you want?" 

"I think you know Susan. In my own way I am just like you. The only difference is that I don't want another man. What I want though is you. You to myself, you with Bex, you with anyone you want. The thought of having you and sharing you really turns me on." 

"But Jack, I'm nothing more than a slut in hiding." 

"No Susan, you are my slut in hiding. I have no problem with you continuing to do what you want. If you have desires for others or a need to continue with your parties then that is fine by me. I just want you to be the same with me as you are with others. Ah, but then there's the question of Bex and what she wants." 

Bex had been quiet all this time, but as if on cue she spoke out. 

"I think you know what I want Susan. I think you know my life. I cannot change, sex will always be there but it doesn't diminish my love for you. I want you to love Jack. I want you to love me. I want you to love both of us." 

"So you see Susan," Jack continued "we've already been talking about this and we have a proposal for you. My place is bigger than yours so why don't you move in. There's plenty of room for the three of us." 

Susan's eyes shot open. She looked Bex in the eyes. 

"Yes Susan. Move in with Jack and let the three of us be together." 

There was a silent pause as Susan took in what she had just heard. It was beyond her wildest dreams, so far beyond that it was almost unbelievable. Eventually she smiled, the smallest smile becoming wider by the second. Susan kissed Bex on the lips, followed almost immediately by Jack. She had not seen this coming. All evening she had been worried about losing one or the other or even both and here they were, plotting a way their own menage a trois. It was Jack who broke the silence. 
