 Alex locked the door of her dorm room and went over to her roommates bed. Lacie had gone Christmas shopping at the outlet mall which meant, between driving and shopping, she would be gone for hours. Alex had declined Lacie's invitation earlier in the day to go along and had been anxiously looking forward to going through Lacie's toy drawer.

She opened Lacie's drawer quietly even though no one was around to hear it slide along the cheap Ikea tracks. Alex ran her fingers over Lacie's toys cautiously and found herself imagining Lacie playing with them. Lately, Alex had found herself more and more distracted by Lacie.

Lacie had luminous blue eyes set perfectly in a china doll face and dyed her long hair a shocking blue black. Weirdly, on Lacie it looked almost natural. She usually wandered around campus and the dorm in snug sweaters and low cut jeans. Since they had been thrown together as roommates, Alex had more than once found herself glancing at the curve of Laci's stomach which frequently peeked out from between the top of her jeans and the bottom of her sweater. 

Alex had grown more self-conscious after she'd started dreaming of Lacie. The dream was always the same. Both naked, Lacie's soft body pressed against Alex's lean one, their skin rubbing together without any release. On a good night, the dream would last long enough for Alex to dip her fingers between Lacie's thighs and hear her soft moans. 

Alex reached deeper into the drawer and pulled out a thick, glass dong. Alex never would have bought something like this but the cold thickness felt tempting against her palm. Thinking how Lacie may have fucked herself with it was making her wet. 

Alex pulled her shirt over her head and unhooked her tiny sports bra getting a quick chill from the draft of the window. Alex was tall and very thin with short blond hair and deep brown eyes. She forced herself now to sit without her shirt on half wishing that Lacie had forgotten something and would walk back in. Find her there in just her jeans, her nipples stiff and holding the thick glass toy. Alex couldn't remember a time when she'd been even partially undressed in front of her roommate while Lacie thought nothing of walking around in her panties after showering. Consequently, Alex had spent many mornings before class fighting the urge to stare at Laci's milky skin and small rosebud nipples. 

One night, after Lacie had returned from the showers, Alex lay on her side and pretended to be asleep so she could watch Lacie without averting her eyes. Lacie surprised her by dropping her robe to the floor. Alex let her barely opened eyes linger over Lacie's curves and stopped at the small, dark landing strip carved out at the cleft of her pussy. Lacie turned away from Alex and toward her own bed and as Alex was staring at her bottom, Lacie raised her knee up onto the bed and reached for her nightshirt. During that one brief second Alex got a perfect view of Lacie's full pink lips and the moist unknown slit between them. Alex waited that night until she heard Lacie's breathing become deep and regular and fingered her own pussy. She imagined how Lacie's pussy would feel under her fingers as she moved lightly over her own clit, slowly opening her lips and making herself cum thinking of making Lacie cum the whole time.

As Alex was struggling with her attraction to Lacie, they became good friends. Lacie had shared things with Alex that none of her other friends ever had. Lacie was very specific about sex and would tell Alex how Eric liked to fuck her, how in the past couple months he'd become very dominant. Alex knew that Eric had used nipple clamps and dildos on Lacie. Alex had been surprised when Lacie told her that Eric recently bought her a butt plug. Sometimes Alex didn't know if she should believe all the things Lacie told her but as she sat in front of the open drawer she saw a rabbit vibrator, another smaller dildo, a bullet vibrator, nipple clamps chained together, and there, way in the back of the drawer, a thick green butt plug. Alex had felt her skin grow hot and flushed knowing that all of these had been in and on Lacie. She may never get to use the toys with Lacie but sharing them, however secretively, would be the next best thing.

She sat now on Lacie's bed with only the blue Christmas lights strung around their window twinkling in the dark room. She leaned over put a CD in the clock radio they shared and turn it up rather loud. She didn't want anyone hearing her moaning once she got started. She stood up now to remove her jeans. She stood between their beds in just her lowcut panties. Alex thought of Lacie's tits again as she ran her hand over her own small bumps. Alex's nipples were larger than Lacie's and a more golden color and the small swells under her nipples really didn't need a bra. Her waist did not cut in the way Lacie's did and her hips were narrow. Her stomach was flat not having have the soft swell that Lacie's did but rather sinking inward between her hipbones. Alex thought again how the lushness of Lacie's body had attracted her. 

She lay back on Lacie's bed and picked up the glass dong. She ran it through her hands and thought about how many times the hard toy had split Lacie's ripe peach. She took it in her mouth and sucked on it slowly, hoping in vain to get a taste of Lacie. Alex opened her legs and slid the toy under her panties over her own wet slit. Her pussy lips were not as full as Lacie's and the glass was slick with her wetness immediately. She slowly pushed the thick cold glass into the heat between her legs. It was big and she gasped a little with the initial push. Alex took a deep breath and pushed deeper letting out a moan. She kept pushing until the glass was mostly buried in her pussy. She pulled the crotch of her panties over the toy and to help keep it from slipping out of her tight hole. Alex started running her finger tips softly over her own nipples feeling the shock waves move into her as her pussy clamped harder on the toy. The music was loud enough to drown out the usual dorm sounds and she lost herself in the pulsing of her pussy around the dong as she teased her nipples.

*****

Eric walked down the hall carrying a large Christmas bag. He knew Lacie and Alex were out shopping and he was going to surprise them when they got home with drinks and hopefully more. He loved spending time with Alex and Lacie together. Alex's hard little body had made Eric hard himself more than a few times. One night, after way too many tequila shooters, Eric had confessed to Lacie that he thought Alex was hot. He couldn't have been more surprised when Lacie told him that she had been hoping to see Alex naked for weeks but the girl was so damned modest she couldn't even get a look at her tits. She told Eric how she'd taken to walking around the dorm in panties hoping that Alex would loosen up without any luck. They both had a good laugh and Lacie had jokingly told Eric that Alex would make a great Christmas gift. 

As Eric approached the door, he heard the music and assumed they'd left it so people would think they were in the room. God, it was bit loud though. He tried the knob and found it locked. They were out. He inserted his key and opened the door. Alex didn't hear the door open. Eric was surprised to see what, at first, he thought was Lacie laying in her bed masturbating. It took a second for his eyes to adjust to the dim light and realize it was Alex. He locked the door quietly behind him and watched. Alex, eyes closed and hips writhing while her slim boyish fingers massaged and toyed with her own tiny tits. He quickly took his cell phone and quietly sent a text – "Lacie, I think your Christmas wish is about to come true. Get your ass back to the dorm." 

Eric set his bag quietly on the floor and unzipped his pants releasing his increasingly stiff cock. He stood touching himself when the beep on his cell phone surprised Alex and her eyes flew wide open. He glanced quickly at the text from Lacie on his phone - "I'm on my way."

Alex couldn't get any words out of her mouth but she managed to grab for the covers while wondering how she was going to get Lacie's toy out of her pussy and turning 12 shades of purple with embarrassment. 

"Hi Alex", Eric's voice was low and rough, "just what do you think your doing going through Lacie's drawers?" He saw the nightstand drawer half opened, walked over and pulled it opened the rest of the way. "I don't think you should cover up." He said smiling as he reached a hand over and quickly pulled the covers back off of Alex. "If you want to keep this a secret from Lacie, I think you should show me what you were doing." 

Alex was painfully embarrassed and wildly turned on. She was laying on her back in front of him with her knees pressed together and her hands over her tits. He sat on the edge of the bed, cock still out, and began massaging it just inches from her face. He reached over and pried her hands off of her chest. 

She was trembling so he waited. She could have left and or told him to leave, but she didn't. 

"You have the tiniest little tits don't you?" He brushed his thumbs over the tips and watched her shudder. She felt his hand run down the front of her stomach and over the top of her panties. Knowingly he cupped his hand between her legs and felt the hard knob of the dong sticking out of her hole and pressed it in tightly. He liked watching her struggle with how turned on she was. "You need to get fucked, don't you?" 

Alex whimpered in response. She wanted to pull the covers over herself and hide and she wanted him to rip her panties off and fuck her. 

His hand, still over her panties, tapped rhythmically at the end of the dildo, making her moan involuntarily. With his other hand still over her panties he teased her clit. "It's up to you Alex, just tell me what you want." He felt her clit swelling beneath her thin panties and firmly pushed the dildo in as hard as he could. 

Alex cried out, "Fuck me! Please fuck me!"

Eric smiled and opened the bottom drawer, slid his hand under the clothes and pulled out a long length of silk rope. He took Alex's hands and tied them together securely at one end of the rope. He secured the other end of the rope to the hook that Lacie kept at the side of her bed for her robe. 

Alex's eyes were wide as Eric went to her hips and pulled her panties down. "Spread your legs", he ordered. She didn't move. 

Eric's voice grew quieter. "Alex, spread your legs for me." She moved them apart slightly. 

Eric grabbed one of her calves and threw it to the side opening her legs wide. "Now bend your knees." She didn't move. 

Eric pulled the nipple clamps out of the drawer and let them dangle over Alex. "Alex, this will be much easier if you just do as I say." He attached one clamp to Alex's left nipple and tightened it. 

She moaned deeply. "It hurts", she whispered. 

"Yes Alex, I know it hurts a little". He reached down and attached the right nipple clamp and admired his work. The clamps squeezed at the base of her nipples and were making the tips grow a deep red. "Now bend your knees". Her knees bent quickly. 

The sight of her swollen clit sticking out from the top of her slit and the wet glass dong made his cock drip with pre-cum. Eric took the time to take his own clothes off as Alex watched. He stood between her legs and thought about stuffing his cock up her tight pussy. "You want my cock?" 

She nodded. Her nipples were burning and her cunt was vainly milking the dildo. 

Eric went to her face and pressed his cock to her mouth but she wiggled against him, she wanted him in her pussy. Eric was not ready for that. He reached down and tightened the clamps and again offered his cock to her wet little mouth. She opened and let him fuck her mouth. 

Eric reached down with one finger and very gently started brushing the tip of Alex's throbbing nipple. He could feel her load moans vibrating against his cock as he fucked her mouth. She was sucking hungrily now at his cock and with a forceful thrust he shot his cum deeply into the back of her throat. 

Eric took off one nipple clamp and Alex's pain became instantly searing. He smiled and took her tight little bud in his mouth and sucked hungrily. Alex's writhing became more intense as the wetness of his tongue soothed her tit yet made the throbbing continue. He repeated this action on her other nipple. 

He looked at her very gently and asked if she was ok. She nodded and thought with relief that he was going to untie her now. Instead he slid one of his fingers into her mouth, rubbed it over her tongue, wetting it, then moved it to gently rub her swollen clit. Each time his finger started to get dry, he would dip his finger back into her mouth, making her taste herself. "You like that?", he asked. 

She moaned and he took his finger away completely. 

"Ask me to rub your clit Alex." 

She thrashed wanting to do it herself and not have to ask but she was tied too tightly. "Please play with my clit", she cried quietly. 

Eric took her clit lightly between two fingers and slowly jacked it up and down. When Alex's back started to arch and he took his other hand and spread her cunt wide and moved his finger just under her clit tickling it from underneath. Alex's body started to shake while Eric continued gently stroking and watching. A loud groan escaped her and the glass dildo was pushed from her spasming cunt as, hips bucking, Eric drove Alex through orgasm after orgasm. 

Before she had time to think he had slid his arms under her and flipped her body over. Eric slapped her ass. "Get on your knees." 

She leaned forward on her elbows, hands still tied, and pushed up onto her knees. Eric shoved her knees wider apart and began working lube over her puckered back door. She whined incoherently as Eric slipped his thumb up her ass. Alex moaned and moaned as he stretched open her back door with 2 than 3 fingers. 

Alex saw him pull the butt plug from the drawer and her breathing went shallow. Her mind was spinning with how much she wanted it and how humiliated she was to have something shoved up her ass. Eric generously applied lube to the plug and began slowly pushing it up her ass. As he got to the widest part he told Alex to take a deep breath. She did and when she breathed out, he pushed the plug firmly and quickly into her ass. 

Alex couldn't believe she was there, ass in the air, pussy exposed with a plug up her ass. Eric slapped her ass hard and she felt the vibrations in her clit. "Guess what Alex? Lacie should be here any minute."

Alex quickly started struggling with the rope. Eric watched, amused, and told her how much Lacie wanted to lick every inch of her body. He told Alex how Lacie had been thinking about her tight little body for months. 

Alex was exhausting herself in the struggle to get untied but her glistening pussy and plugged ass told what she really wanted. Eric confessed that he had actually hoped to seduce Alex into being Lacie's Christmas gift. 

Alex had fallen onto her stomach now, legs slightly opened to accommodate the plug that had been shoved into her ass. Alex didn't want Lacie to see her like this but was turned on again thinking about actually being able to touch Lacie, feel the weight of her soft tits, bury her fingers in the velvety thickness of her pussy. 

Eric went to the gift bag he had brought with him and pulled out a big red bow. He removed the backing and stuck the bow right at the bass of Alex's spine highlighting her ass. Alex was humiliated and fought back tears. She was going to be Lacie's gift but not in a way she had ever imagined. The reality of it had her breathless and her mind was spinning. 

Eric pulled her thighs apart and pushed the glass dong deeply up her pussy. Alex was being double penetrated for the first time and any hope for rational thought was gone. The heel of his hand held the thick glass in her pussy while his thumb held the plug tight in her ass. "Alex, you are going to want this again and again." With his free hand he slapped her bottom until it was red and hot. 

Then Eric slid his fingers up and down her slit and watched as she pushed back involuntarily against the dildo and plug. Her body was weak from cumming and this time she felt the twisting start in the base of her stomach and move slowly and deeply down to her pussy and up to her tits. She felt like every ounce of life was being achingly squeezed out of her as she came from her core to the tips of her toes. 

"We are going to make you cum til you pass out Alex." Eric's voice was going rough again as his cock was ready for round two.

*****