 Ambition was her game. Success was her goal.

Rebecca had worked her ass off to become a secretary for a prominent big city law firm. She started from nothing; growing up in a poor family and learned to fend for herself.

That's why she had become so distressed when she learned of the string of bad news that was ailing the firm. As a secretary, she was privy to all sorts of confidential information. She knew all about the major cases which were recently lost, or had been reversed upon appeal, and the stiff competition in the city. The recent and unexpected misfortunes had led to serious talks of budget cuts, hiring freezes, and even some potential lay-offs.

And that was why Rebecca was in the bathroom fixing her appearance. She had requested a private meeting with her boss in his office. There were important things to be discussed and she needed to look the part. 

Looking at her appearance, she was satisfied with the way she looked. She was a head turner. Unlike many women who operate in the corporate world, Rebecca never tried to hide her looks. She never viewed her beauty as a handicap. She never saw her gorgeous looks as a reason why people wouldn't take her seriously.

Instead, she embraced her beauty. Not in an overly sexualized way. But in classic, refined way. Her philosophy was 'classy but sassy.' And that meant outfits which covered her skin but showcased her long and slender physique. She always took good care of her skin and hair. Her makeup was always subtle, yet nicely done and her hair was always perfectly groomed. In her college days, she had considered getting a boob job when that was all the rage, but now, she had come to embrace her small perky tits.

Always the prompt one, Rebecca left the bathroom, walked passed her desk, and let herself into her boss's office. Mr. Hugo never minded when she did that. If anything, he preferred when she just let herself in like that, because he was usually busy on the phone and the last thing he needed was another call from his secretary. If she needed something, Mr. Hugo preferred she just opened the door and let herself in.

She saw that he was putting his things away. He remembered that they had a meeting, she thought. 

Rebecca sat upright and proper on the seat in front of her boss, her knees touching and her ankles crossed, while Mr. Hugo, a sharply dressed middle aged man, gave his full undivided attention.

"Thank you for seeing me," she said politely.

"Anything for my favorite secretary. So, what's on your mind, Rebecca?"

"Well, sir, forgive me if I'm speaking out of turn, but I know the struggles that this firm is going through."

He tried to brush it off. "These things are normal with law firms. It's a zero-sum game. If you win, you win big. If you lose, you lose big. If you're worried about your job, then..."

"I'm not worried about my job," she said confidently. "I know I'm in good standing. No one here can do what I do."

"True. I won't deny that you're an asset to me. So what do you want?"

"I have a few ideas which can help this firm."

He looked at her quizzingly. "Okay, I'm listening. Let's hear it."

"Well, for starters, lavish law firms like this are funded by winning big cases. In order to do that, we need clients with big claims and right now, frankly, we're getting our asses kicked by our competitors. Other law firms have been doing a better job at nabbing the lucrative clients."

"That's not exactly groundbreaking news Becky."

"I know it's not," she replied. "But we're not sticking with the tried & true methods of luring the big clients. No offense, but you and the other managing partners kind of suck at seducing people. You're brilliant people, great legal thinkers, and killers in the courtroom. However, there seems to be that missing piece of the puzzle which can help attract higher end clients."

He thought hard for a moment. "Okay, maybe you have a point. Clients with deep pockets like to be treated a certain way."

"We know what that entails."

"We do."

"I'm sure you've heard the rumors about how other law firms are luring the best lawyers to join their ranks, and how they lure the richest people to be their clients," she said, almost suggestively.

"I've heard, but it's just rumors."

"Don't be so diplomatic, Mr. Hugo. We both know it's true. We know what they're doing."

"What do you propose we do in response?"

Rebecca smiled slowly pushing her chest out as if she were in a yoga class doing a breathing exercise and adjusted the posture of her legs, which gave a brief view up her office skirt.

"You have me," she said. "I'll be your secret weapon."

"Will you?"

"Sure I will. I'll still perform my daily secretary work for you, of course, but if a hot shot lawyer wants to interview I'll be there and we'll all have dinner together. If a potential client comes through that door they'll have to walk through me and maybe I'll be dressed a little differently that day."

"Sounds provocative," he pointed out.

She nodded. "Look around. We live in a provocative city which, of course, you already knew. It's how we maintain a competitive edge."

"Do you really think that a little cleavage and leg show will do much for us? Our operating expenses are pretty considerable. Clients and lawyers don't make such decisions so easily. There are strip clubs and escorts for that."

"Mr. Hugo, we've gotten to know each other pretty well these past few years. It's been such an honor working for you, and a prestigious firm like this. Which is why I feel compelled to provide my utmost of services."

"Yes, and I appreciate that, but will it work?"

"I've been a hustler my whole life," she nodded. "I know how men think, how they act, and how they'll react. Not only that they'll receive the best legal representation this city has to offer. It's a win-win situation for everyone."

He leaned back, giving it some consideration. "I have an important client coming in next Monday, do you remember?"

"I have your schedule memorized for the next few months. Of course I remember."

"Well, what you don't know is that he's thinking about switching firms. He's a bundle of problems and he doesn't realize that we can represent him better than anyone else."

"My first assignment," she smiled.

"Yes, see what you can do with him. If it works then I'll speak with other managing partners about your ideas. Who knows. It might lead somewhere."

"Sounds like a challenge."

The two looked at each other, a not-so-subtle expression on both of their faces, as if they knew where this would be heading.

***

Rebecca was so enthused and motivated to prepare that she got permission from her boss to leave early so she could do some shopping. Her boss gave her this blessing and even gave her $500 dollars to support the mission.

The result was Rebecca going on a calculated spending spree, buying everything she'd need to fulfill her new self-appointed duties. She bought new pairs of jackets, office skirts, blouses, and heels. It was the same designer brands she always wore, but this time, the cuts were lower and showed more of her skin. Her new office skirts were cut to show more of her shapely legs. Her new blouses dipped to show more of her chest and pert, high breasts, and her new heels were sky high and showed the full length of her foot. The result was something that was still professional yet highly provocative.

These types of revealing outfits would usually never be welcomed in her arsenal of stylish clothes, but if there was ever a time to be provocative with her clothing, this was it. It wasn't just a matter of looking good or attracting attention. No, this was warfare. Corporate and legal warfare against all competitors. As a strong independent woman, one who had busted her ass all her life, she'd be damned if the law firm she represented was going to keep losing ground. 

Her mentality was that she had to be the winner at all costs...

***

The Monday morning meeting between Mr. Hugo and the important client was switched to an informal lunch. The secretary was brought along, as Mr. Hugo explained, for purposes of taking notes, providing figures, and performing other work-related duties while they ate.

All the while, she had sat there with her low-cut top and her hair tied in a slightly messy bun. While the men ate their overpriced gourmet food they occasionally took glances at Rebecca, how sexy and overwhelmingly irresistible she looked in that outfit. 

Mr. Hugo wiped his mouth with a napkin. "If you'll excuse me, I need to use the restroom. I'll be back in a moment."

That was the cue as he left, leaving Rebecca alone with Mr. Glassman, the rich middle-aged client who had an air of arrogance. 

She pushed her plate and notepad aside, putting her elbows on the table and leaning in so that the cleavage from her small breasts would show.

"I know you're thinking of leaving," she said in a low voice. "I think that would be such a terrible mistake."

"Excuse me?"

"You heard me just fine, Mr. Glassman. Leaving this firm is not a good idea. We have the best lawyers. We can provide the best representation for you. Losses are to be expected and should not cause someone to deviate from the overall plan. As a businessman, you should understand that."

"I'm exploring my options," he admitted. "This is a great firm, I concede that, but I've also received other offers. Offers which may be more beneficial to me."

Rebecca gracefully flexed her shoulders together, which further pushed her small breasts out of her blouse.

"Like I said, big mistake," she told him. "Whatever the other firms are offering you to sweeten the deal, we can always make our deal even sweeter."

Mr. Glassman's eyes widened. "Did he put you up to this?"

"Make no mistake about it, Mr. Glassman, I'm my own woman. I may be a secretary but nobody is in charge of me. More importantly, nobody is in charge of my sexuality. I do as I please."

He suddenly became thirsty. "And if I decide to retain this law firm for future services?"

"Then you'll be a happy man. Not just when you need us, but all year round, if you catch my drift."

"Tell me," he said with a nearly shaking voice.

Rebecca used her finger to signal for him to come closer. He leaned in and she leaned in too. They met leaning over the table, she brought her lips to his ear, whispering something so soft and sweet.

When it was said, Mr. Glassman leaned back and filled his glass with more wine, taking a big gulp, washing it all down.

Suddenly, watching his reaction, a thought came to Rebecca's mind. A big thought. Big ideas. She knew she had Mr. Glassman right where she wanted him. This was a golden opportunity and the business side of Rebecca came to life. Not wanting to waste an opportunity, she went for it.

"And that's just for starters," she smiled.

"Oh?"

"I know that you're an influential man with many friends. Right now, there's a bit of a shakeup in the legal world in this city. So, if you bring us more clients, we'll sweeten the pot even further."

"So you want me to convince my friends and my business partners to retain your firm?" he asked.

She nodded confidently. "Yes, you know that our firm has great legal minds and prestige. If you bring more clients to us we can expand, hire more attorneys, and form a great partnership."

"In exchange for?"

Now, things were getting down to the real business.

"Services," she answered.

"Services?"

"Yes, all year round. Our offices are all close by. If you're ever feeling stressed and are in need of legal counseling, our firm will be the place to be. I think you know exactly what I'm talking about. Just think of how popular this will make you with your partners."

He drank more wine, gulping it down. "Sounds enticing."

"It is, if you decide to retain us and bring us more clients. If not, well, that's your business."

"I'll have to think about it. But I do like your...umm...proposal. I like your initiative to get what you want out of life."

"What can I say? I'm ambitious."

"An ambitious woman is always very attractive," he smiled. "Brains, beauty, and a strong will. I like it."

"Then what's there to think about? It's a good deal."

That was when Mr. Hugo returned from his 'bathroom break' and sat down at the table with them. The conversation switched to a much lighter note and he picked up the bill. 

When it was time to leave Rebecca couldn't help but notice that Mr. Glassman had to adjust the front of his pants several times and that he walked with a slight hitch. That brought a smile to Rebecca's lips.

***

Days later, Rebecca was summoned to Mr Hugo's office and was pleased to see that he was in an abnormally good mood. She truly enjoyed seeing her boss in a happy mood. It meant her day would be a lot easier, especially if she was the one putting him in that good mood. She sat in front of his desk in a prim and proper manner and he looked at her, unable to wipe the smile off his face.

"I must say, whatever you did, it worked."

This time, Rebecca smiled, "I take it Mr. Glassman will be sticking around?"

"Along with a few new clients-- potential clients, that is."

"Like I said before, I'm good with men. They're easy to figure out."

"Which is why I'd like to discuss a substantial bonus, along with the new terms of your employment."

Now things were getting interesting. Rebecca knew that this was her chance to assert herself and have a bigger role in the firm. She certainly wasn't going to blow her opportunity (figuratively speaking, anyway).

"What's on your mind?" she asked in a cheeky tone.

"Ten grand, flat. Just for you and that's for starters. More if you can help us close deals. As in, work your magic and charm."

"In that case, I have additional terms of my own," she said in a business-like tone that caught her boss off guard.

"Okay, I'm listening."

Rebecca asserted herself further. "This was my idea. I'm the one who kept Mr. Glassman from leaving and I'm the one who suggested that he bring his business associates over."

"True, so what's your proposal?"

"I want a small percentage of the upcoming retainer fees for my contributions. Also for brokering the deals. Not a lot. I'm not greedy but I want to be fairly compensated for my new duties."

He slowly nodded. "Beautiful, brainy, and a strong business sense. You're on a hot streak. I like it."

"In exchange, I'll be sure to attract new clients for us, as well as keeping the existing clients satisfied."

"What exactly did you tell Mr. Glassman?" he asked. "He practically gushed over you when I spoke to him on the phone."

"Honestly? I said that anytime he comes to you for legal advice, I'll give him a free blowjob in the bathroom."

He laughed, "Is that so? Would you actually do it?"

"I'm a woman of my word. If I say I'll do something, I do it. That's how I've made it so far in life, my work ethic."

"I can attest to that."

"So do we have a deal?"

"I'll need to discuss this with other partners," he said. "But there's just one other thing."

"Which is?"

"You're right about what other law firms are doing. What our competitors are doing. They're using unorthodox tactics to lure big clients. You know what that entails."

Rebecca certainly did. She had friends in other firms; lawyers, paralegals, and fellow secretaries. She knew all too well what the other firms are doing. They were using sex inside the offices as means to entice business but they don't use blatant words, like orgies, gangbangs, or just plain sex. They gave it fancy names, like legal relief or counseling services, or administrative perks for VIP members.

In order to keep this firm competitive, Rebecca knew what she had to do. A woman with her ambitions was unstoppable, and there was no way she was going to let her firm down.

"I'll have to up my game then," she said.

"That's what I like to hear."

"I'm just glad to be of service."

"And you'll be rewarded for it," he smiled. "I'll be meeting with the other partners later today to discuss your proposal. If everything goes well, and I suspect it will, then I'll personally draft a new contract for you. Your role as secretary will be expanded and you'll be compensated for your efforts. Sound good?"

"Sounds great. Thank you Mr. Hugo."

"No, thank you."

***

She was out with some friends that night; having fun, being single women and enjoying life. They laughed and shared stories about their day. It was the perfect night out and they released the stress of their busy careers over dinner.

Rebecca's phone buzzed. Normally, she'd ignore an email message when she was out with the girls but there's no way she could postpone a message from her boss, with what he was expected to offer.

She excused herself from the table while the group of girls were still busy laughing and eating. Then she went outside to check her email message:

Becky,

Good news. After a lengthy discussion, we have decided to accept the terms of your proposal. We will begin making gradual changes to our firm in order to compete with today's market place. 

I've attached a new contract for you. You'll still be my secretary but with expanded duties and responsibilities. I trust you'll enjoy the financial incentives as well. 

Similar agreements are being made to other secretaries at this very moment, so you won't be alone in your newfound duties. You'll be compensated the most, of course, since your contributions are greater.

Look this over, then we'll discuss it tomorrow.

Your boss

After reading the message, she tapped the screen of her phone to open the attached pdf file. Standing on the sidewalk in front of the fancy restaurant she read the terms of the contract, which was written in plain English. 

Everything had been outlined clearly so that there would be no mistake about money or services expected. Most of the details came with the expected services. Everything she was expected to do. Her new work environment. Her new duties along with her secretary job. It was all laid out, waiting for her to sign her name on the bottom of the page, showing her agreement.

Could she go through with this? She mentally nodded. Hell yes, she could. Competition in this city is fierce and she was the fiercest of them all. 

With a smile on her face, she put the phone away and returned to her girlfriends at the dining table.

***

She arrived at work with her usual zeal and upbeat attitude. She had long been a people person, but she entered her boss's office with a business-like demeanor, instead of a secretary awaiting orders to please her superior.

In the past two weeks, Rebecca had sat in front of her boss's desk so many times that she was beginning to get used to it. Usually, it would never have crossed her mind to sit there, since that seat was reserved for other businessmen.

"I trust that you've thoroughly reviewed the terms of your new deal," he said.

"I have."

"And?"

"I like it," she replied firmly. "Honestly, fuck our competitors. Fuck anyone trying to steal our business. I'll do whatever it takes to keep us on top and I'll do everything with a smile on my face."

Mr. Hugo flashed a big grin. "God, I wish I could double your pay, right now."

"No one's stopping you."

"The other partners may disagree with that. If all our employees, partners, secretaries, clerks and interns had your attitude, we'd be the top law firm in the world. No question about it."

She sharpened her eyes. "Then let's make it happen. I believe we're on the right track, aren't we?"

"We are. Speaking of which, the contract."

Mr. Hugo opened a drawer and placed the two-page document on the table, which covered the new duties, pay structure, and a series of confidentiality agreements. He placed a ballpoint pen on top of the papers.
