 The snow had fallen hard the night after our little escapade in the hot tub. It had blanketed the whole area under several feet of blinding whiteness, and even for Montana, there was a lot of it. The news reports were calling it a blizzard and it appeared that we were snowed in, for the time being at least. Jim Archer was called away yesterday to a meeting in China, and since it didn't involve my division, I didn't have to go. We were urged to stay and enjoy the mountain, but that had been before the record snowfall had ruined skiing conditions. Jennifer, Mary Archer, and myself were therefore stuck in the large mountain cottage, waiting on the snowplows to dig out the roads.

Jennifer and I slept in this morning, not really ready to face the day. She had bought a few new pieces of lingerie, and had modeled one of them for me last night. After the romp in the hot tub, I wasn't sure I could take any more, but we fucked again last night for what seemed like an hour after Mary had gone to bed.

It must have been around noon when the smell of breakfast woke me up. I rolled over in bed, but nobody was there. I looked around, and I was alone in the room. I was not surprised, Jen often got up before me to go running, but I knew she wouldn't be doing that today. So I got up and put on a pair of flannel pants, and pulled a clean long-sleeve T-Shirt over my head. I used the bathroom, and took my time brushing my teeth and cleaning myself up a little bit. I don't normally shower before breakfast, but I didn't want to appear disheveled going downstairs. Finally, I opened the door, and proceeded towards the smell of bacon.

I stopped in the den, just shy of the breakfast area, and I saw Jen and Mary conversing. Jen hadn't really gotten dressed, although she had thrown on a pair of silk pajama pants over her thong panties, and changed from her red lace teddy to a light blue camisole. The fire was going in the fireplace, but her nipples were still hard from the slight chill in the air. Mary was dressed in spandex leggings that hugged her still well shaped ass. She had an old college sweatshirt on, and her long blond hair was pulled back into a pony tail. She was browning bacon in the frying pan, and it appeared that she and Jen were chatting nicely. Although the hiss of frying fat made it difficult to hear everything, I was still able to make out most of what they were saying.

"Holy cow, Mary, he's unbelievable. I had ten orgasms yesterday. He's in amazing shape, and let me tell you, someone taught him some killer moves."

"Yeah, but what's IT like?" Mary raised an eyebrow inquisitively.

"Well, it's big. Let me see." Jen looked around the kitchen. She held up a gigantic rolling pin. Mary laughed heartily. "Ok, so that's a slight exaggeration, but it's big enough." 

"Sounds like something you have to see to believe."

"Oh, it is. Wait, what are you saying? You want to see it?"

Mary shrugged, but continued. "Well, I've known Mike for a while now, and I've always been curious. I mean, it's not a huge deal if I don't get to, but you know, just to satisfy my imagination. I always dreamed he was huge. Jim's not tiny, but he's no porn star, either. Besides, most of the time he's too tired from work to do the kinds of things you and Mike seem to do. I hope you don't mind me saying so."

"No, not at all. I'm flattered even. I'm sure he'd be happy to show off for you, so long as you let him see his 'full' potential."

That made my dick jump up. I couldn't believe these two were talking so openly about me. I turned around, and walked back to the stairs. When I had reached them, I made my second approach to the kitchen more obvious, making sure that they heard my footsteps. As I entered the kitchen, the chatter had died off, and both women looked at me.

"Good morning, Honey. Coffee?" Jen held up a mug.

"I have bacon and eggs here too, Mike, if you're hungry." Mary placed the bacon on a plate.

"Good morning ladies. All of that sounds good." I sat down to a mug of hot coffee, bacon, eggs, and buttered toast. The three of us sat rather silently eating our breakfasts, with Jen and Mary every so often exchanging knowing looks. When we had all finished, I cleared my plate, and stretched my arms over my head, allowing my stomach to peer out from the bottom of my shirt. Mary's eyes were transfixed on the ties to my pants. This was a good sign. "Well, I'm going to go to the couch to sit for a bit. You ladies want to join me?"

"Yes." They answered almost in unison. I ambled toward the sectional sofa next to the fire. This seemed as good a place as any to sit. 

"So, Mary," I asked. "How do you like this cottage?"

"Oh, I love it. Jim and I used to come here all the time. Of course, now I mostly come alone. Oh, and how I hate to come alone." She winked at me.

"Mary, are you coming on to me? In front of Jennifer?" I tried to be coy, playing it up for points with my girlfriend, even though I knew what she'd say thanks to my eavesdropping session.

"No, Mike, it's ok. She just wants a look at the goods." Jen smiled at me. "I told her you could give her a show, but only if it's okay with you."

"Well, ok, but you should probably warm the engine up for me."

Jennifer sat down next to me, and placed her hands on my crotch. Her fingers found my balls through the flannel pants and boxers, and began rubbing them in circles. She freed one hand, and traced the outline of my cock through the fabric, and began subtly kissing my neck, exhaling hot breath in my hair. Her tongue flicked at my earlobe, and her movements became concentrated. My cock responded, increasing in stiffness throughout her actions. When the full eight inches was realized, she bent down and untied my pants string with her teeth. Freeing the waistband, she pulled on both garments to reveal my manhood.

Mary gasped. "Mike, you've been hiding a rocket in your pocket." She eyed my rock hard pole hungrily. "Jen, I just have to taste it."

Jen shrugged. "Be my guest, Mary. Mike, you need to concentrate on me, though." Her pants were already off. Somehow I had missed her stripping them while I was being jacked off. Her camisole came next, revealing those perfect tits. She kissed my lips, then broke off. "Grab my butt." She straddled my shoulders, lifting herself up so that her legs were dangling over the back of the couch. I placed my hands dutifully below her small ass, and pushed her southern lips up to my mouth.

I inhaled through my nose, taking in the sweet odor of a woman who's sexually charged. Jen put her arms around my neck, helping to hold herself in position, and making it easier to move around. I gently kissed her labia, kissing from the bottom left, and up the left side. Pausing to kiss her clit, I subtly flicked my tongue over it, and heard her moan softly. I kissed her other labia from top to bottom, then flattened my tongue, running it all the way from has asshole to her hot button. I felt her quake, the sign an orgasm was starting to build inside of her. I was about to shove my face into her crotch when I was suddenly engulfed in warmth.

Mary had taken my cock in her waiting mouth. Kneeling in front of where I sat, she was sucking in while moving her head up my shaft. She had one hand on my abs, and the other was playing gently with my asshole. Toying with the outside, she played one finger around the rim while she sucked on the tip with every breath in her body.

A wave of pleasure hit my body, and I attacked Jen's pussy with renewed vigor. I rubbed my nose on her clit, pointing my tongue and pushing it past her wet lips into her juicy slit. This was a feeling I had felt before, mouth on my dick, my face deep in pussy. This time, however, it was very different. This time there were two girls, a feat I had never before accomplished. This is the greatest sex I'm likely to ever have. Better make it count, I thought as I licked Jen's insides.

Mary was pushing onto my prostate from the outside now, heightening the experience, and making me feel like I was going to cum. Strangely, though, it only excited me more, and I held off release while she took my entire cock into her mouth, practically gagging as the tip slipped into her throat. Not many women can take me all the way, let alone want to, but Mary did, and it was glorious. She pulled her mouth off, and moved her tongue from right to left, starting at the base of my dick, and moving up to the tip.

Jen was getting close to exploding; her body was writhing all over the ledge. She had begin grinding her crotch into my face, a sure signal I was doing well. I buried my face into her hot pussy, and rapidly flicked my tongue onto her clit, moving it up and down, side to side, and in every other possible direction I could think of.

"Oooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh," she shuddered, pushing her pelvis onto my face. I was getting pretty close to coming myself.

"Mary, you'd better slow down, or you'll get a hot load in your mouth."

Mary looked up at me. "That's what I'm hoping for, except I want you to come inside of me."

Jen got off of me and sat down beside us on the couch as Mary continued to suck my hard pole. "Not this time. That load is mine first. He's going to finish off by fucking me." She got up and knelt in front of the couch, facing the back. "Just like in your office, Mike."

Mary stopped for a second, and backed away. I stood up and got on my knees behind Jen. I slipped my cock deftly into her completely soaked box. Mary came up behind me and grabbed my balls. Rubbing them softly, she pushed my hips until my dick was completely inside of Jennifer. She kept a hold of my boys as she pulled me back out, fucking my girlfriend by proxy. Rhythmically moving my dick in and out felt amazing; as did the gentle massage I was receiving on my hanging garden. I was nearing orgasm, and I nodded to Mary. We picked up the pace, and began fucking Jen harder and harder, faster and faster until she quivered with another wave of pleasure. I shot my load deep into her, hitting her cervix with my tip and spreading my seed within her.

We all collapsed in various states of pleasure exactly where we had been sitting. Mary and I were on the floor, and Jen was now lying on the couch. Utterly spent, we didn't move for a few minutes, letting the heat from the fire recharge our bodies. Mary came over to me first.

"Looks like you made a huge mess. Let me help you with that." She began licking the pussy juice and cum mixture off of my sore dick. It simultaneously hurt and felt great. 

When she had finished licking me off, the three of us sat on the sofa in our various states of nudity. Jennifer was completely naked, though she has brought a blanket from the back of the couch to rest over her shoulders. I was missing all clothing from the waist down. Mary, however, had yet to remove a single article of clothing. There was no noise, save for the occasional crack from the fireplace. Jennifer was seated next to me and Mary sat on the floor next to my legs. I reached down to Mary's waist, grabbing the elastic on the bottom of her sweatshirt and quickly yanking it all the way above her head. The fleece came off of her quickly as she instinctively raised her arms.

"Hey, I'm freezing." Mary twisted her neck around as if she wasn't entirely certain who had pulled off her top. A black sports bra concealed her mounds. 

"And you're about to get colder." I said, as I pulled the bra off in the same manner. Her breasts popped out from under the dark elastic fabric. Smaller than Jennifer's, Mary's tits were very perky. They completely betrayed any thought you may have of her having had children. With a winter tan line from the UV tubes, her breasts were half peach and half pale, with dark areolas highlighting somewhat large nipples for boobs that size. Jen's were certainly nicer, but as a guy, I would never complain. "You can't be the only one completely dressed."

I offered her my outstretched hand. "Come on up here, I have an idea." She took my hand, and pulled herself onto the couch. "Take off the rest of your clothes off." She looked at me with the slightest bit of disbelief, but then did as she was told.

Slowly she undid the tie-string to her pants. Placing her thumbs into the waistband, she pulled her panties down with them, revealing a mostly shaved pussy. A thin landing strip was all that graced her silky white slit. Small beads of sweat had started to form at the top of her pubic mound, likely due to the anticipation coming and the proximity to the fire. Her strong thighs extended from her well-toned abdomen, a picture of sexual attractiveness in an older woman.

"Ok, stay there. Jennifer, you sit on the other side of me." Jennifer sat facing me and looking directly at Mary. Mary looked at me. "Now, let's get these motors going again. I have a feeling neither one of you is done with me yet."

I licked both of my index fingers. My right hand then left my mouth, migrating south until it found the upper opening to Jennifer's vagina. My left hand, mirroring my right, found Mary's slit just as easily. Slowly, I began rubbing my wet fingers over each of their clits, alternating pressures and directions. My middle and ring fingers were massaging their labia's and my pinkies were checking for internal wetness. A minute passed, then two. After three minutes of my gentle rubbing, I could feel the glistening moisture start to emanate from both slits. Mary was far wetter; her pussy was lubricated very well from my gentle touch. I slid my fingers into her first, with Jennifer feeling my digits only moments later. With two fingers in each woman, I quickly increased the pace of both hands, trying to find the g-spot on both women.

"Mmmmm. That's nice Mike," Jennifer cooed in my ear.

"It sure is. I could sit like this forever." Mary replied, not to be outdone.

As I continued to play with their pussies, I leaned over and kissed Jen on her mouth. Our lips met several times, our tongues interlocking in passion. I broke off our kiss, and leaned over to Mary. Not expecting as much physical intimacy, she started back a bit at first, then brought her head up to mine and kissed me as well. Back and forth I kissed both women as I stroked their love organs.

"Who wants cock and who wants tongue?" I asked, playfully.

"Cock!" They both answered simultaneously.

Mary looked at Jennifer. "You had the cock last time, it's my turn." Jennifer relented, and I shifted my body to the left. Both ladies stood with my hands between their knees as I repositioned myself lying down on the couch.

Mary knelt on top of me, and slowly pulled my fingers out of her. Her hand began stroking my now-hard dick, and before long, she was lowering herself onto it. Jennifer had situated herself facing towards Mary, her labia now pushing itself down onto my lips. I knew what she wanted. My dick quivered as hot pussy engulfed it. My tongue flicked out into another warm box. I reached up with my hands and put them around Jennifer's magnificent tits. Mary began raising herself back up and slid her wet pussy walls all along my hardened shaft. I groaned and Jennifer ground her crotch farther into my face, increasing the sensation for us both. She cried out several times as my tongue danced inside of her, licking every drop from inside of her as my penis was being attacked by another. I saw Mary playing with Jen's tits from the corner of my eye. By the time, I had already dropped my hands to Jen's waist, and was attempting to play with her clit with my fingers. I thrust upwards with my hips and Mary let out a yelp. She had been doing all of the work so far, and it surprised her. She began grinding down on to me. The passion in her eyes, though, was focused on Jen's breasts. She was softly fondling them, looking at them with new eyes. Jen seemed to enjoy the sensation, but I am sure she was partially distracted from the tongue inside of her. I could feel Jen come, and my mouth was buffeted by her waves of pleasure. She stood up, and walked behind Mary, who was still bobbing up and down on my hard cock. Taking up a position behind her, she began rubbing Mary's clit, and massaging her boobs with her delicate fingers. I increased the power of my thrusting, and soon enough Mary was screaming in ecstasy. Her spasms finally coaxed my seed from my shaft, and when the two of us finally came, all three collapsed in a giant heap, panting heavily.

Jennifer was the first to speak. "Well Mary, was that everything you hoped for?"

"Jen, my dear, you two are always welcome back here to go skiing whenever you wish."