 Jen and I had experienced an incredible sensual relationship, but after five years together the pressures of graduate student life in a large southern university had taken their toll. We both longed to bring back the passion we had previously enjoyed, but neither of us knew exactly what would work.

Kate was a 20-year-old summer student who was working as a technician in the laboratory next to ours. She was very pretty, always smiling, and full of life. One evening, Jen and I were walking hand-in-hand across the campus when I ventured to ask her what she thought of Kate.

"She's very nice and very attractive, I like her." Jen replied.

"Yes, I think so too..., but would you like to take out and fuck her?" I whispered hotly.

Jen smiled turning to me and kissed me passionately.

"I thought you'd never ask," she breathed.

She slid her had down for the bulge in my jeans and was not disappointed. Our tongues danced as I pulled her hard against me.

"Do you think we can...I mean...seduce her?"

"I know we can try," I replied.

A wave of sexual desire rolled over us. Moments later we found an empty classroom and closed the door. Jen unzipped my jeans and sank to her knees. She freed my cock from its denim confines and took it into the warm wetness of her mouth. I undid the neck strap of her skimpy red halter-dress to expose her tits. I fondled and pinched her nipples to hardness while watching her head bobbing on my rod in an earnest attempt to make me come.

Jen raised her head, her green eyes smiling as she licked the underside of my prick. A sudden image of that same lovely face buried between Kate's thighs further inflamed my desire. I pulled Jen to her feet and pushed her over a large wooden desk. Grasping the hem of her dress, I pulled it over her luscious ass and ripping her panty aside I plunged my raging cock into her molten depths.

Cupping a hand over her mouth to muffle her cries, I pounded Jen hard until she came and then emptied my balls inside of her.

We decided that we would ask Kate out the next evening, a Friday, for drinks and dinner at a pub near the campus and then see what would happen.

"What are you doing Friday night, Kate," I asked, as I walked into her lab.

"Not much of anything. How about you all?"

"Well, Jen and I were wondering if you would like to come out to dinner with us?" "It would be just the three of us."

"Okay, that would be fun," Kate answered. 

"Great! I'll pick you up at the side door and we'll meet Jen over there," I said.

I left her with a little peck on the cheek.

Friday evening finally came and I dropped Jen off at home to get ready. I wondered what she would be wearing the next time I saw her. I watched her long shapely legs and tight jean-encased ass until she disappeared into our apartment. Then, I went back to the university to pick up Kate.

"Hi there, right on time as always," she said as I drove up.

This time I greeted her with a kiss planted firmly on her lips and felt her lips soften as she kissed me back.

"This is so nice of you two. I haven't been out to eat in...it seems like forever."

I drove Kate the short distance to the pub while she told me about the work she was doing and how much she enjoyed the university. She also mentioned that she had left a boyfriend back in Texas and had not been dating since she arrived in Florida three months earlier. She confided to me that although she had been asked out more than a few times by fellow students, and as it turned out, at least one faculty member, her breakup was still fresh for her to start dating again.

Kate was dressed in a thin white tee shirt that revealed a lacy white bra beneath. Her blue denim cut-offs were short and tight accenting her slender legs and small round ass. She was only about 5' 3", cute and petite with small but perfectly shaped breasts.

As we entered the pub we saw that Jen had already found us a table. She was dressed in a navy-blue mini-dress that outlined the firm athletic body of a woman of thirty years. Her long tanned legs were bare, but accented with high strapped scandals, also in dark blue, that wound up her sexy calves. I wondered what she was wearing underneath.

"Hi, Kate," Jen said.

Standing to greet her she gave Kate a hug and kissed her on the cheek.

"I think we need some cold beers over here," Jen called.

"Make that a pitcher," Kate added.

We drank and laughed talking about the department, the professors, and graduate student life in general. Kate was a bright student and wanted to return to the university for a Ph. D. herself. 

We each had the specialty of the house, cheeseburgers with fries and more beer. We all began to relax and fully enjoy each other. Kate told us more about her boyfriend in Texas, admitting that he really didn't share her desire for her to continue studying after she finished her bachelor's degree.

"He really doesn't understand me, but I do miss him...physically, if you know what I mean," Kate laughed blushing.

"Well, we're all in this together, Kate, all for one and one for all". We piled out hands one on top of each other in mock solidarity. I smiled at Kate and she smiled back, her dark brown eyes were sparkling.

"Don't go away, I'll be right back," Kate said, excusing herself to use the restroom.

Jen and I laughed as we caught each other blatantly staring at our young friend's ass as she walked across the room. I leaned across the table and kissed Jen, briefly slipping my tongue between her lips.

"I think we should all go out for a drive in the night air," I said. "Let her get in the front seat with me and then slide in next to her." "We can go to 'our' place by the river."

Our place was a small clearing of Bahia grass surrounded on three sides by palmetto palms and facing a narrow tea-colored river lined with mangrove trees.

"If you want me to start something, just reach behind the seat and touch my neck." I leaned to kiss Jen again just as Kate returned to the table.

"You two are making me jealous," Kate laughed.

"Kate, we'd like to drive around to get some air. Will you come with us?" I asked.

"Well...okay, it is such a nice evening...almost as nice as you two have been to me," Kate replied.

We paid the check and walked out into the warm Florida evening.

As we had planned, Kate sat in the middle of the front bench seat of our old white sedan. It didn't look like much, but it got us to the beach and back on weekends. I opened the windows and let the fragrant night air wash over us.

The city quickly disappeared as the road led into the Florida back-country past shaggy palm trees and live oaks thickly hung with Spanish moss.

After only a few miles, I felt Jen's fingers creep behind me and gently but insistently caress the back of my neck.

"We really enjoy being with you, Kate," I said, playfully rubbing her left knee.

"I like being with both of you very much," she said. "Thank you for sharing this lovely evening with me."

Kate had pulled both feet up onto the seat and sat with her knees together. I continued to rub her knee and she put her hand on mine as though she meant to push it away, but instead pressed my hand harder into her skin. Then right on cue, Jen placed her hand on Kate's other knee.

"Kate...we want to make love with you tonight," Jen whispered, beginning to softly caress Kate's right knee.

Kate sat straight up as if she had received an electric shock.

"I...I've never done this before."

"That's okay, Kate," I said gently. "Do you want to have sex with us?"

Kate sighed and paused briefly before she replied.

"Yes..." she whispered.

Kate leaned her head back against the seat back and I kissed her mouth gently.

"You two are so wonderful," Kate said dreamily.

Jen placed her hand on Kate's left cheek and rolled Kate's her head toward her lips. They kissed deeply. When they had broken their first Sapphic kiss, Kate's breathing became heavier. Then she whimpered softly to herself and her legs fell open.

We had a few more miles to drive, but I took her invitation and allowed my hand to descend slowly to the humid heat of her pussy mound. I caressed Kate gently through her jeans while she and Kate resumed kissing. Jen's mounting excitement emboldened Jen and she tugged Kate's tee shirt out of the waistband of her cut-offs. I heard Kate gasp as Jen's moved her hand under Kate's tee to cup and fondle her breasts though the lacy bra.

"I want... to touch you too," Kate pleaded.

"Your turn will come soon, Kate, but right now is just for you."

We reached the park at last and I pulled the car off the gravel road and parked in the small clearing by the river. It was still twilight and the world was bathed in last golden rays of the setting sun. I turned off the ignition and pushed the seat back as far as it would go. Kate spread her legs wider and thrust her still jean-covered pussy into my hand. Jen and I leaned over Kate to share a kiss while Kate hugged us both to her.

"Don't you think we should finish what we've started here?" Jen asked.

And with that she pulled Kate's tee shirt over her head. We peeled Kate's bra straps down shoulders and kissed and caressed her heaving tits, our fingers rolling over her rock-hard nipples. I reached for the clasp on Kate's back and the lacy fabric fell free.

Kate leaned back, moaning softly, as Jen and I shared her rose-colored nipples. As I suckled Kate, I felt Jen's hand descend to loosen Kate's cut-offs. Jen unsnapped them and I heard them unzip as Kate raised her hips to permit Jen slide them down her smooth legs. Kate's clothing was reduced to tiny white bikini panties, now completely soaked with her juices. That time, I did the honors stripping her naked.

My cock was straining against my jeans as I remembered the thick blanket we always kept in the backseat. For the moment, I turned my attention back to kissing Kate and rolling and pinching her nipples. Kate's pussy was shaved except for a patch of closely cropped brown hair on her mound. As I kissed Kate, I heard the slick sounds of Jen's fingers gathering Kate's wetness for lubrication as she began to caress our young friend's clitoris.

Jen's skillful fingers began to work their magic as Kate spread her legs wider. Kate's cries and moans grew louder as Jen finger-fucked her with two and finally three fingers, slick with Kate's juices.

Jen's finger fucking combined with the pressure of her soft palm against Kate's clit soon became more than she could take. The sounds of Jen's fingers in Kate's sopping cunt increased just as Kate clutched my arm, pressed her head into my shoulder -- and came.

"Oh...Oh...Oh my GOD...oh...Oh...OH".

Kate thrashed and bucked as Jen's fingers finished her off.

When Kate's intense orgasm had subsided, Jen lifted her fingers, coated with Kate's pussy juice, to Kate's lips. Jen and I smiled as we watched her suck then and lick them clean. We held Kate and caressed her as she thanked us both with warm hugs and kisses.

"I'll get the blanket," I said, opening the door. I spread out the large blanket as Jen helped Kate from the car. 

Now we would see if Kate would reciprocate. We gently guided the nude twenty year-old, still weak from her orgasm, to center of the blanket.

I then decided that it was time to test Kate's submissiveness.

"Kate, strip Jen now."

Kate's fingers trembled as she obediently undid the top hook and then unzipped Jen's dress the length of her back. As the the dress opened it revealed a pink bra and a matching thong. Kate carefully pushed the sleeves of Jen's dress from her arms and it fell to her feet. The sight of Jen's sudden nakedness made my jean-constricted cock throb almost painfully.

Kate unfastened Jen's bra, and lovingly kissed Jen's skin where she slid the straps one by one over the older woman's shoulders. The bra fell away to join her dress on the blanket.

"Kate, now kiss Jen."

Jen turned to her and they embraced kissing passionately. I stripped quickly while I watched them exploring each other with hands, fingers, and tongues.

"Make her naked, Kate."

Kate knelt and looked up into Jen's eyes as she slowly lowered the tiny thong the length Jen's tanned legs. Kate gasped at the sight of Jen's smooth pussy, which we had shaved bare in preparation for the evening's activities. Jen's nude body now contrasted lewdly with the high-strapped scandals she still was wearing. Contemplating what surely would be demanded of her, Kate's gaze fixed on Jen's pouting nether lips, which then glistened with her sexual excitement.

I approached the two nude women and kissed Jen long and passionately, making Kate watch. Jen then grasped my pulsing erection and guided it toward the kneeling twenty year-old's face. Kate raised her hands to assist but Jen stopped her.

"Just use your mouth, Kate."

"Hands behind your back."

Jen and I were pleased as we watched Kate obey, crossing her hands submissively just above the silky smoothness of her lovely ass. Jen took Kate by her thick brown hair and firmly lowered the young sub's parted lips over my waiting cock.

"Mmm...mmmf," Kate moaned as together Jen and I fucked the horny sub-slut's mouth. Jen released Kate's hair and watched as she continued to tongue and suck me with abandon. Jen could see that I was getting very close to flooding Kate's mouth with my cum, but she had other plans.

"I want a some of that hot tongue now," Jen whispered to me.

I pulled my cock from Kate's mouth and Jen knelt in front of her to kiss her.

"Lie down on your back, Jen," I said.

Jen lay back onto the blanket placing the kneeling young woman between her sexy strapped calves.

"Eat Jen's pussy Kate, until she comes."

Kate slowly lowered her head between her bisexual lover's thighs. I watched as her tongue made its first contact with Jen's slick pussy lips. Kate licked tentatively at first but quickly became adept at pleasuring woman-flesh, responding to the sighs and moans she was eliciting from Jen's lips. Jen writhed and moaned as Kate's skills as a pussy-licker increased. I watched with pleasure as Kate's mouth and chin became slick with Jen's fuck-juices.

"She's...oh fuck...she's going to make me come," Jen panted, amazed that the inexperience Kate could be bringing her off so quickly. I saw in Jen's face that her orgasm was indeed close and I leaned to kiss her though it. I grasped hard nipples and pinched them firmly as Kate continued to lap at Jen's liquid sex.

The sudden pressure on her nipples combined with Kate's velvet tongue on her engorged clit sent Jen over the edge. Her back arched as a powerful orgasm coursed through her.

"Oh yesss....ah...oh fuck YES!" Jen cried.

Despite Jen's cries and writhing, Kate stayed with her until she had delivered the last spasms of passion from Jen's sopping-wet cunt. Kate lifted her cum-soaked face from Jen's thighs and smiled at me, pleased with her first bisexual accomplishment. Kate and I then kissed Jen until she had recovered enough to speak.

"Now you," Jen said to me. "I want to watch you fucking Kate."

Kate smiled at me in agreement and rose to melt into my arms. I kissed and fondled her as my nude lover watched from below. Then, I placed Kate on her hands and knees and knelt behind her. Jen took my turgid cock in her hand and inserted it between her young lover's dripping pussy lips.

"Fuck her!"

With that, I took Kate in a single motion and fucked her in long slow strokes under Jen's excited gaze. Kate's sighs turned to moans as I rhythmically fucked her tight warmth-flooded tunnel. Jen realized that I could not last long considering the torrid girl-fuck I had just witnessed, so she used both hands to play with Kate's nipples and clitoris to speed her to orgasm. Kate came seconds later, impaling her sloppy-wet cunt on my rigid shaft and sobbing in ecstasy.

My orgasm was all that remained to complete the consummation of our trio's first sexual union and Jen had already decided how and where that was to occur. Kate was still quivering from her orgasm as Jen positioned her on her knees at my feet. The young submissive instinctively crossed her wrists behind her back, lifted her face, and let her mouth fall open for my cock, which was then dripping with pre-cum.

Jen took my shaft still coated with Kate's pussy juice and pumped it inches from Kate's lovely face. Jen's practiced hand quickly granted my long-awaited release and I bellowed as stream after stream of white-hot fuck shot into Kate's upturned face and waiting mouth. Kate's lovely cum-drenched face smiled up at us.

"I love you both," she said. 

"We love you too, Kate."