 We arose at dawn on the most important day of the year and went to water at the fog-shrouded river. Cooking fires were built and the women bustled about preparing food. Hunters brought in several large bucks and a feral peccary, and the butchers went to work with stone knives and cleavers, Ta-mi, Yo-na, and I among them. The central ceremonial fire was prepared for its death later that day by piling the old thatch from the arbors on it so that it blazed up mightily, burning fast and hot, and the last charred remains of the logs marking the four cardinal directions, which had been in place since last year's Green Corn ceremony, were pushed into the blaze so that they were also completely consumed. The Chief added a piece of fresh deer liver, a handful of dried beans, and a handful of parched corn to the blaze, and our souls petitioned the Creator for a bounteous food supply in the coming year.

"I don't know about anyone else," Ta-mi said to me as we were dismembering a deer carcass. "But I am extremely hungry."

My stomach snarled in response and I grinned at him. "I hadn't noticed. But now that you mention it, that raw liver looked quite delicious."

"And that's not all. I would give up food forever if I could just get into Ma-Lu's we-sa one more time. I feel like my eggs are about to explode like hickory knots in a hot fire."

Yo-na broke in, "All the pain will soon be over. By this time tomorrow the blankets will be jumping with joyful humping." He laughed.

"Hmmm..." I looked at him and raised an eyebrow. "Do you know what our wives have planned for the morning?"

"I know they plan on getting their we-sa's fed," he chuckled. "Their sad little pussies are crying for meat."

"I know what I'm going to be doing," Ta-mi grinned, showing strong white teeth.

"So does everyone else," I remarked. "You two have been all over each other like dogs in heat."

As the sun approached her zenith we did another Green Corn dance, the men shuffling in to join the women at the dying fire, and when the vertical stick at the north end of the fire no longer cast a shadow we stopped and held hands, our entire band united as the elders each tossed a single fresh corn kernel into the coals. The Chief counted the number that popped, and called upon the Creator for interpretation of this sign. The answer came quickly: it would be a good year with plenty of food, and we would add seven new members to our number by next year's ceremony.

Everyone dispersed to his or her clan arbor while the corn-pit was uncovered and one fragrant steaming ear was distributed to each person. We peeled back the husks, and at the Chief's signal we all took one bite and spit it onto the ground. We ate the rest of the ears ravenously and the sacred fire was extinguished with a medicine made of seven sacred herbs before we gathered for the feast.

There were wonderful aromatic stews made with venison, wild onions, wild potatoes, cat-tail tubers, and other delicious things. Strips of fresh venison had been rubbed with herbs and roasted over coals, and there was a plenty of sweet corn and green beans. A special soup of hominy and squirrel meat was a traditional favorite, as was the wild-grape pudding.

After everyone had filled their hollow stomachs, older people retired to cool shady spots to rest, while those overflowing with energy played stick-ball, joined a beaver dance, or went swimming. Tse-ni-sa and I dozed away the afternoon under a twisted old sycamore near the river, her head pillowed in my lap. As the sun neared the Darkening Lands we returned to the circle where the sacred fire was rekindled, each clan providing one stick of its particular sacred wood. Men and women then separated for a final Green Corn dance and when we came together and passed the sacred pipe we knew that we were starting a fresh new year in perfect balance. The dancing went on through the night, starting with the Friendship dance, with us all holding hands, then the Ripe Corn dance, where we danced in male-female pairs, pantomiming the harvesting and planting of corn. We did repetitions of the common dances as well as the Gar dance, Quail dance, Groundhog dance, Buffalo dance, and Bear dance until the eastern sky turned gray, then pink, and as the orange rim of the sun peered above the horizon the Chief called the Old-Timer's dance and everyone joined the dance circle for the final rounds. When it was over we all greeted and thanked each other in turn. We met on the river bank a few minutes later near a crackling bonfire, removed our old clothing and cast it into the fire, then waded into the water and lined up facing east. The Chief led us in seven ritual submersions in the running water, and a haunting song of praise was sung to the rising sun.

Still in the river, we lined up by clans for medicine. Elders of each clan abraded the skin of each member as he came out of the water with a ceremonial comb made of seven eagle claws, scratching across upper arms, forearms, breasts, backs, thighs and calves, then a stinging medicine was rubbed into the bleeding scratches. We returned to our camping areas and dressed in the new clothes we had brought with us. And so the Green Corn ceremony was complete.

People were full of cheer and a spirit of peace and love as they bustled around, eating, embracing, and showing off their new clothes. Tse-ni-sa had made me a new breechcloth and a soft buckskin shirt, as well as new moccasins decorated with dyed quills, and a sparkling white doeskin dress for herself. After we ate, we went to our camp and sat down on the bed of deer hides over soft reed mats. "Would you like help getting that dress off?" I asked politely. Ta-mi and Ma-lu were already frantically peeling each other's new clothes off in the next campsite, and I was more than ready to take my wife in broad daylight with an audience. 

"Not just yet," Tse-ni-sa said. "But soon, perhaps. Oh! Ka-li-na!"

She rose to her feet and embraced Ka-li-na, who had just arrived with Yo-na in tow. What I thought was just an affectionate greeting soon turned into something much more. Ka-li-na pulled Tse-ni-sa into a warm embrace and kissed her deeply. As I stared, Yo-na shook my shoulder. "We should move out of the way," he said. "They're going to be using the bed for a while. We can stay and watch, or we can go find other partners to share the Creator's gift of love, although I wouldn't recommend that. I'm sure that the plans they have for the two of us will be far more enjoyable than anything else we might find."

We moved back to the edge of the bed area and sat cross-legged, watching our wives lavish affection on each other. Ka-li-na lifted Tse-ni-sa's new dress off over her head, and Tse-ni-sa stood with her tiny sinuous body exposed for all to admire as she helped the far more voluptuous Ka-li-na out of her clothing. They knelt together on the soft deerskin blankets and began exploring each other's bodies with their hands, marveling at the differences between them. When Ka-li-na bent her head and sucked Tse-ni-sa's nipple into her mouth I noticed that Yo-na had removed his breechcloth and shirt and was stroking his long slender cock while he watched the women. I also noticed that I had a turgid erection of my own, and after fondling myself through my breechcloth for a few moments I removed my clothing as well and imitated him.

The women lay back on the blankets, their fingers exploring each other's damp we-sa's as they kissed. Passers-by on route to their own assignations smiled as they walked by, and a few stopped to watch. Other couples nearby were preparing to make love, some male and female, some female, a few male. I saw a scarred veteran of many conflicts sitting on a stump with a younger, apparently inexperienced warrior kneeling between his bony knees sucking his veined cock with gusto. At first glance I felt a twinge of something like disgust, then found myself wondering what it would be like to have a man's hard cock in my own mouth. Yo-na saw me watching them and elbowed me. "The young warrior hopes to absorb some of the War-Chief's essence. It will make him strong and brave in battle. And you can be sure that after he finishes, some lucky girl will get a fucking she will not soon forget." He lowered his voice. "It is rumored that the War Chief, like mighty Da-g'-si in the old men's stories, is not only a warrior, but a powerful sorcerer as well. If ever an enemy seems certain to kill him, his body merely dissolves into mist and reforms somewhere else."

As I watched, the old War Chief caught my gaze and smiled a ghastly smile, exposing his long, feral teeth. His yellow cat-like eyes held mine unblinkingly. I imagined him in battle, his face painted white and black like a rotting skull as he laid waste to his enemies, grinning skeletally as he smashed in their heads with his war club, and I shuddered. Something about him seemed to strike a chord of memory deep within my souls, but the demands of my throbbing staff kept me from thinking more about it.

I looked back at our women and saw that Ka-li-na had buried her face in Tse-ni-sa's we-sa, holding her slim hips in her hands as she licked her juicy slit. Tse-ni-sa had her hands buried in Ka-li-na's thick black hair and was urging her on, her back arched and her thighs quivering. Yo-na reached over and put his hand on my cock and began stroking it as he continued to stroke his own. It felt better than what I did for myself.

Tse-ni-sa and Ka-li-na switched positions and it was my wife's turn to enjoy kissing a woman's hungry we-sa. I licked my lips as I watched her, wondering if she enjoyed it as much as I did. My cock throbbed in Yo-na's hand and he leaned over and took the head of it into his mouth, coating my stiff prick with his saliva. I was beginning to wonder if he would make me come when Tse-ni-sa raised her head and beckoned to me. Ka-li-na was moaning and writhing, and I could see that she was about to reach her summit of pleasure. I crawled over to her and knelt between her well-padded thighs while Tse-ni-sa rubbed my cock along her friend's sopping furrow and then guided me into her hot center. I sank into her with one steady thrust, marveling at the novelty of this unfamiliar body, her we-sa not as tight as my wife's but deeper and hotter, and I had no fear of hurting her. I suckled at her large dark-brown nipples as I thrust powerfully within her, our sweaty bodies slapping together, the impact of my pounding causing her flesh to ripple from thighs to breasts.

"Slowly, Husband!" Tse-ni-sa warned me, and when I turned my head I saw that Yo-na held her small body clasped in his arms and was lowering her onto his stiff cock as he knelt next to his wife. She held Ka-li-na's hand as they each enjoyed the other's husbands. I felt a hot wave of jealousy as Yo-na penetrated my wife's small pussy. It had never before known a cock other than mine, and I rather wanted to keep it for myself. But as I continued to pound Ka-li-na's copiously lubricated tunnel, I also felt shame at my selfishness. After all, I had been chosen by two wives, even though Tse-ni-sa's mother A-na was away on some sort of vision quest, and neither of them had ever objected to my attentions to the other. Of course they demanded equal time, but I could not object to that. And even now my wife watched as I slammed into the hot depths of her friend. I nipped at Ka-li-na's pebble-hard nipple and she yelped but thrust her melon-sized breast against my face, so I bit it a little harder and lashed it roughly with my tongue.

Tse-ni-sa reached her summit first, shrieking as orgasm racked her slender body. She always had been quickly excited and easy to satisfy, and I smiled as she shuddered with waves of pleasure. Yo-na was not far behind her, the spasms in her tight we-sa tipping him over the edge. I paused to watch their sweet agony, imagining his rigid cock spewing within her tight depths. Ka-li-na watched with me, squirming impatiently as I hesitated within her. As our mates began to relax against each other, she grabbed a handful of my hair and pulled me down to kiss her full lips. "Do that to me," she rasped. "Feed my hungry we-sa. Quickly now. I want your essence inside me."

I held her wide ass in my hands as I resumed reaming her pussy, tilting her hips upward to penetrate her more deeply. I abandoned any hope of prolonging my strenuous efforts, and felt my seed rising as I fucked her as hard as I could. She grunted with each deep thrust, clutching me to her sweaty chest with my face buried between her bouncing breasts. A tingling in my balls told me that my explosion was imminent, and I slammed into her even more wildly until I gave a last mighty thrust and spurted my hot essence into her womb. She continued to writhe against me, her pubic bone hard against mine, until she uttered a sharp wail of relief and her pussy clenched around my length almost painfully before she relaxed in my arms. I rolled off her greasy body and lay on my back trying to catch my breath, my hand over my eyes. I may have lapsed into unconsciousness for a few moments, because the next thing I knew Tse-ni-sa was cuddled against me, warm and soft, and— 

******************************

Kitten-like in my arms, Jennifer woke slowly and stretched. "Did you have sweet dreams, lover?" she murmured against my neck.

"Same dream as you, I expect." I kissed the top of her blond head. "End of the Green Corn Ceremonies?"

"And what came right after." She giggled somewhat guiltily. "I can't believe we...oh my God. I ate Ka-li-na's pussy right out in the open with everyone watching."

"And apparently enjoyed it very much," I grinned. "I'm going to have to be more careful about leaving you and Mary Louise alone together."

She poked me in the ribs. "Mary Louise and I both like boys too much to waste time on each other. And I don't think we ever would have, uh, done what we did that one time if it weren't for the dream."

"I still haven't figured out how the whole dream-thing works," I mused. "We remember everything that happened in the dream when we're back here, but when we're in the dream world, memories of this one are very faint, and there are a lot of gaps in my memory...almost like that world is becoming more real than this one. Or maybe it always was--"

"I know what you mean. I meet people there, and I think I should know them, but I can't remember why. And I know things there that I don't know here, like the language, and the dances...and what it feels like to...do certain things..." I felt her smiling against my chest. "Tell me the truth, Jacky. Was Ka-li-na's pussy better for you than mine?"

"Ummm, it was bigger, that's for sure. And much easier to get into."

She slapped my chest. "You pig! You're lucky you didn't get lost in there. Or smothered between her huge boobies." She tilted her face up to me and I kissed her. "Weren't you just a little bit jealous when Yo-na put his cock into me? I saw you watching."

I hesitated. "I was, actually. For just a second or two, I felt like bashing his head in. But then I knew how wrong that was. I don't own you. You'll keep me around as long as I make you happy, and if having another man, or a woman, once in a while makes you happy it just makes my job easier."

"Good. I was a little worried. And to be fair, you're not exactly deprived either. You get to make love to both me and A-na whenever you want...and I think you kind of enjoyed fat little Ka-li-na too."

"I'm a lucky man," I sighed. "I don't know how anything could be better—two beautiful wives and a fat girl from time to time for variety."

Jennifer nuzzled my neck. "Did you see Tommy and Mary Louise going at it? I thought they were going to injure each other."

"I was kind of busy. And then I was comatose. But yeah, I did notice that they were pretty hot for each other."

"That has to be the understatement of the year. I bet she's sore this morning. And him too, for that matter. I gave up counting after they did it four times, and it didn't look like they'd had enough yet."

"I wonder where they're planning to live? Because I have to believe that they're going to be together. This wasn't just a Green Corn affair for them."

"I don't know. With her mother, I guess."

"You think her mother is there somewhere?"

"This is where it gets horribly complicated," Jennifer sighed. "Sometimes thinking about the details makes my brain hurt. I really can't believe that her bitchy pretentious mother has ever visited that dream-world...but then how did Mary Louise get there?"

"Beats me. Oh, another thing: I think I saw Vholes there. I didn't recognize him at the time, but I felt like I should. And now I know why."

"Really? Did you talk to him?"

"No. But I saw him watching us. Apparently he's War Chief in the dream-world. And maybe some kind of sorcerer."

"Does he still look like the Cryptkeeper?"

"A little. He's tall and skinny, and about a hundred years old, but with more muscle and a whole lot of nasty-looking scars. And those yellow eyes...I'd hate to have him pissed off at me. I can see why he's War Chief. He could scare people to death just by looking at them."

Jennifer looked over at the bedside clock. "Speaking of Mr. Vholes, we'll be seeing him in a couple of hours. We should shower and get dressed."

When we got out to the living room Tommy and Mary Louise were already there on the couch dressed in their school clothes, holding hands and gazing at each other with silly grins on their faces. "You two are up early," I noted. "I figured you would still be in there celebrating."

Mary Louise flushed pink. "I wish we were. But it was a VERY satisfying night...and I really should get over to Brittany's house so I can have my dad send the car to pick me up before church. That should help squash any suspicions that might come up—"

"And I'm sure you'll need more tutoring tomorrow," Tommy noted. "So while we hate to leave, it's probably best not to push things too far." He glanced at Mary Louise and she giggled.

"Right," I said. "Too bad you'll miss brunch with Vholes."

"Hey, did you see him at Green Corn last night?" Tommy rolled his eyes. "At first I couldn't figure out how I recognized him, but when I woke up this morning I realized...Jeez! Did you see that guy sucking his cock? That was a real shocker."

"Language, Tommy," Mary Louise said automatically.

"I thought you were giving up the prissy-pants act, Red. Go ahead and tell them what you learned to say last night."

"I can't," Mary Louise said faintly.

"You said it to me. And God knows we don't have any secrets among the four of us. So say it."

Mary Louise took a deep breath, blushing to the roots of her crimson hair. "ShitpissfuckcocksuckermotherfuckercuntTIT!" she said. "Oh God I'm such a slut." Tommy hugged her and kissed her cheek.

"Good one, Mary Louise!" I said, clapping my hands. "A real break-through! And doesn't it make you feel better?"

She looked up, still blushing. "Actually it does. And that said, we really have to be going. Thanks, guys, for the weekend and everything. I really appreciate it—" We all stood up and walked to the door.

"Are you sure you don't want anything to eat first? Juice? Coffee? Tea?" I asked.

"Nah, Dude. Thanks, but I'm going to take this fine nasty woman out for breakfast so I can show off what I got here. See you tomorrow, OK? And, uh, you might want to get the sheets changed in the master bedroom there."

"Tommy!" Mary Louise scolded.

Jennifer hugged and kissed her. "That just tells me you had a really really good time, Sweetie. We'll talk about it tomorrow, OK?"

We sat on the couch and flipped on the TV after they left. "I'm kind of thirsty. You want some juice? Or maybe tea?"

"A glass of juice would be nice." I got up and started toward the kitchen. "But that tea...there's something strange about that stuff, Jack. I think it makes me sleepy, after a while anyway, and then it seems like I jump directly into the dream—"
