 The whole thing started about 6 months ago. I was invited to Karen’s birthday party. Karen is a 25-year-old brunette. She is only about 5’5’’ but has a great ass. We went to High School together and are still good friends. We’re not together but whenever we’re in the mood, we have great sex. 

My Name is Steve; I’m an athletic guy, dark-haired, about 6’0’’. I arrived at the party a little late. I had my gift and was looking forward seeing Karen again. The party took place at a dark night-club and I knew Karen rented the two rooms downstairs, for the party, so I tried to find the way. By the time I got to the party area I immediately saw Karen running towards me. We said our hellos and I kissed her: 

“Happy Birthday Karen. 25! You look great.” 

She grinned and took the gift out of my hands and opened it. I could tell she really liked it. She kissed me again and I was hoping it wouldn’t be the last time for the night. She took my hand and showed me around. There were plenty of people, about 50, I guess and I only knew like 10 of them. Karen introduced me to a couple of people and showed me the whole area. There were two rooms: A big one, with a bar and a few tables, and a pretty small one, with just a dancing area. 

After all the ‘showing me around’ Karen and I split up and I was on my own. For the next few hours I didn’t do much, besides drinking a lot. I was just going to order another drink as Karen came towards me. She was obviously a little bit drunk too and had a big grin on her face. She whispered in my ear:

“Come on. Dance with me.”

She took my hand and led me to the smaller room. It was empty. I thought to myself that nobody wanted to be the first one to start dancing. I hadn’t really time to finish my thought. Karen put her arms around me and started moving to the music. So I put my hands on her hips, held her close and started dancing with her. It didn’t last long before she was kissing me again. I moved my hands down on her ass and began caressing it. I told you I always loved her ass. Unfortunately I was right because a few minutes later 3 other couples joined us. But as time went by, they were leaving again and by that time most of the people in the bigger room went home, too. So after some time there were only two couples on the dance floor. Karen and I were still dancing together and when I looked up I saw that the other couple was Mike and Susan.

Mike and Susan went to High School with Karen and me. We hung out a lot together back then and it was nice seeing them again. They were a couple for almost as long as I know them which are almost 6 years. Mike is blond and about the same size as I am. Susan is blond too, she is a little taller than Karen, maybe about 5’7’’. Her ass is nice too, not as nice as Karen’s, but ok, too. But what’s most attracting about her, are her great tits. Anyway, they are a strange couple. Karen and I often wondered if they still love each other and what their sex-life is like. 

Anyway, we realized that we were the only people left so we started to switch dancing partners. When I first danced with Susan I immediately felt her great tits pressing against my body. After some time she was moving her crotch up and down my leg and I could tell, she really enjoyed dancing with me. Looking at the late hour, the amount of alcohol involved and the entire partner switching, I thought maybe she didn’t know who she’s dancing with. So I began to stroke her ass. And either I was right or she didn’t mind me stroking her ass, because she didn’t protest. And I think someone else had the same ‘problems’, cause when I looked over to Karen and Mike I saw them kissing passionately. I watched them a bit and then I quietly told Susan to look at them. At first she wanted to stop them, but I hold her tight and we responded and started kissing, too. I really liked kissing her, she had very soft lips. The whole situation got more and more erotic. But all of a sudden Susan and Mike decided to go home. That was so typical for them. Now they want to go home and go to bed, probably not even going to have sex.

Well, we said goodbye to them and Karen and I decided to go home alone, too. But before we went home we went to the bathroom, we went both in and locked the door. We kissed us and I pressed Karen against the bathroom wall. I started to kiss her neck and she moved her hand down to my crotch. She opened my zipper and pulled my dick out. She immediately started to massage my cock and it didn’t take long until it was fully erect. Then she opened her own pants and pulled them down a little bit. After that she pulled her slip down under her ass. That gave me the opportunity to caress her ass with my hands. I spread her cheeks a bit and then stroked her ass. She grabbed my dick again and stroked it a few times. Then she guided it to her pussy and with that my dick disappeared in her wet pussy. I began to fuck her harder and at the same time kissing her neck and stroking her ass. She started moaning loader and it didn’t last long and we both came. 

We put our clothes back at the right place and quietly went back out of the bathroom. On our way out we talked about Susan and Mike. And Karen meant:

“We should help them.”

“What do you mean?” I asked, not knowing what she had in mind.

“They are so prude and boring, do you think we could help them spice thinks up a bit?” she said.

It sounded interesting so I asked her what she would like to do.

“I’m trying to seduce him and you’re trying to seduce her”, she said grinning.

I liked the idea, obviously. Karen said she thinks Mike looks hot and I always loved Susan’s tits, so of course I got on board. Karen said:

“I know Susan finds you attractive and Mike’s a guy, he is going fuck me without hesitating.”

So we both tried to seduce one of them. Unfortunately they are more prude than we thought. It didn’t work out. And I almost forgot about the whole thing. Until three weeks ago. Susan and Mike invited me and Karen to dinner. 30 minutes after they invited me, my phone rang. It was Karen. I immediately knew what she wanted:

“Hey, are you in the mood for another try?”

“Of course I am”, I answered.

When I arrived at their house that evening, Karen was already there. We had dinner and chatted a bit. Karen and I drunk a lot of wine because we hoped they would do the same and we thought if they were drunk our plan would be easier to realize. And luckily they did drink a lot. So far, so good. After dinner we decided to watch a movie. So we all went in the living room and sat down on the couch. Mike sat on the left next to Susan, and then Karen and I sat on the right side of the couch. We watched the damn movie for almost an hour and Susan and Mike didn’t even kiss each other. So I whispered to Karen:

“I think we should show them something, ha?”

Without answering Karen put her hand on my leg and started stroking it. I moved a little closer and put my arm around her and started kissing her neck. Then Karen turned her head and kissed me on the mouth. Our tongues were playing with each other. She smelled incredible, as always. I got really horny so I thought I see how far I could go until Susan and Mike throw us out. Therefore I put my other hand on Karen’s breast and started stroking it. Karen was wearing a pink blouse, she looked gorgeous. 

Mike and Susan obviously saw what I was doing but since they didn’t say anything I opened two blouse-buttons and moved my hand inside. I even put my hands inside Karen’s bra and played with her nipple. Karen seemed to like it because her nipple started to get hard and she placed her hand on my dick and started to massage it through my pants. We did what we had to do. At some time now there had to be a reaction from Susan and Mike. Either they follow our lead or they throw us out. I didn’t had to wait long for the answer cause when I looked over to them, I saw them kissing. I thought to myself that it could really turn out to be a great evening. Again I didn’t have time to fantasize because Karen was opening my pants and moving her hand inside. She was now stroking my dick without the pants in between. 

In the meantime I opened the other buttons of Karen’s blouse and then I took it off. Because of our movement Susan and Mike broke their kiss and took another position. Susan now sat on Mike’s lap with one leg on each side of him. While she changed her position she looked over to us and saw that Karen had her hand in my short and had a big grin on her face. But the grin disappeared because she leaned forward and kissed Mike again. Mike noticed that Karen lost her blouse so he pulled Susan’s shirt over her head. Susan wore a red bra and when I saw her breasts I know that I wanted to lick them tonight. 

Karen was stroking my dick the whole time but now she stopped and pulled my shirt over my head and about 7 seconds later Susan pulled Mike’s shirt over his head. I watched Susan’s tits the whole time and thought about licking them. But I knew I had to wait a while for that to happen, so I took off Karen’s bra and threw it on the pile of clothes on the floor. I leaned forward and started kissing Karen’s breast and licking her nipples. 

After a few minutes of kissing Karen said:

”I think its time to drink another glass of wine.”

So we all separated and stood up to drink some wine. We put the glasses back and I wanted to take a seat again but Karen had another idea: 

“Before we get comfortable again, we should get more comfortable and all take our pants off.”

Mike and Susan hesitated but I took my pants off, then Karen took hers off and Mike and Susan followed us. Karen was wearing a nice little white slip with flowers and Susan was wearing a red slip matching her bra. After taking a good look Mike and I sat down on the couch again. Another movie started and we wanted the next round to start. Susan wanted to go and sit on Mike’s lap again, but Karen stopped her and said:

“Wait, I want to try something…”

She went past Susan and sat on Mike’s lap:

“Go sit on Steve’s lap, I’m in the mood for a little switch.”

Susan didn’t know what to do. Karen started to kiss Mike and it looked like he liked it. So Susan came towards me and sat on my lap with on leg on each side of me like she did with Mike and like Karen is doing with him right now. She said:

“Do you mind?”

I kissed her and said:

“Do you mind?”

She smiled and then we started kissing. For a while I didn’t look what Mike and Karen were doing because I enjoyed Susan way too much. She moved her hip back and forth on my dick and it started to get hard. I could swear she could feel it, but that’s the reason why she’s doing it, so I relaxed and when she moved up a bit I had my chance. I started to kiss her neck and she knew what I was up to and moved forward so I could kiss her tits. They were gorgeous. I licked to her nipples and played with them. At the same time she moved with her crotch slowly over my dick just to keep it hard.

When I looked over to Mike and Karen I couldn’t believe it, Karen was on her knees between Mike’s legs. He was naked and his dick was deep inside Karen’s mouth. I stopped kissing Susan and because of that Susan looked over to them, too. She watched for quite some time and then she whispered in my ear:

“Did she ever blow you?”

I nodded and she continued to whisper:

“I’m very good at giving head; I bet I’m better than her, want to compare?”

I couldn’t believe to hear that from her but I grinned and nodded again. Susan got down on her knees between my legs and pulled my short down to the floor but looked a little bit surprised. She came up to me and whispered:

“I’m able to get Mike’s entire dick in my mouth, but you look a lot bigger.”

Before this night I thought she had never given head, I couldn’t believe my ears. I said:

“Karen doesn’t get it all the way in.”

She grinned and I know I said the right thing to motivate her.

She got down on her knees again and started to lick my dick from the tip to my balls and back up again. She made my dick really wet and then she moved up and put my dick between her tits and let me titty-fuck her. She must have seen how much I liked her tits. And then in one fluid motion she bent over my dick again and swallowed it. It was incredible, even tough she didn’t get my whole dick in. She moved up and down with her head and then she took another position and tried again. And this time she swallowed my entire cock. She kept it in her throat for a while and started to lick my balls with her tongue. She was really good at that.

Then I looked to Karen and Mike again. They had switched positions. Now Karen was lying on the couch and Mike was on his knees with Karen’s legs over his shoulders and he was eating her pussy. Susan saw me looking at them so she stood up. I sat in front of her and slowly pulled her red slip down. She was completely shaved. She stepped out of her slip and stood in front of me with her legs wide apart. I leaned forward and started licking her lips and eating her pussy. She tasted very sweet and she began to moan very load. Now Karen started to moan, too. She got louder and louder and I think she came, I know Karen’s moans when she cums. It didn’t take long and Susan came, too.

So now we were all naked and Mike started to fuck Karen. Susan watched as her boyfriend’s dick disappeared in Karen’s pussy. I saw that Susan was distracted so I got on the couch and on my knees next to Karen and guided my cock into her mouth. She immediately started to suck my dick. I have to admit Susan does it better but it was extremely hot to see Karen handling two cocks. By now Mike started to moan louder and he came inside Karen’s pussy.

Karen said she needed to rest so Susan lied down on the couch and I positioned myself over her. She was still wet and I pushed my cock in her pussy. Mike got to her head and Susan sucked the rest of his cum. In the meantime I increased my tempo and I knew I’m close to cumming, too. I started to breathe harder and Susan knew what was going on because she said:

“I want your cum in my mouth, too.”

I pulled out and went to her head. She immediately started to suck my dick. She lied there on the couch and I was fucking her mouth. She deep throated my cock again and then I shot my cum in her mouth.

It was an incredible night. I hope you enjoyed reading about it as much as I enjoyed experience it.