 PROLOGUE - SATURDAY NIGHT

Carl lay exhausted next to the insatiable vixen. He was mesmerized by her creamy skin, red hair, translucent blue eyes, large bright smile, magnificently displayed round breasts, small ass and long legs. She was a vision. Their bodies ached in delight from a night of pleasure after knowing one another less than a week. Krasa had never allowed herself to date anyone from work, let alone invite anyone into her home for a lavish intimate dinner with generous portions of sex. Dessert had been served in the bedroom. 

Krasa had never met anyone like Carl; Carl had never met anyone like Krasa.

"I have another question for you," she said. 

"Go ahead," he invited, glad for a brief respite from the evening of amazing unrelenting sex.

"Anything?" she asked?

"Is that your question?" he answered playfully. He reached for some whipped cream and dabbed it on her nose before kissing it to clean it.

"No." she laughed. "Really, anything? You'll answer truthfully."

"Haven't I always?" 

Krasa had experienced nothing but his transparent honesty all week. "True," she said. "It's something I've wondered for two days." She kissed his lip and tasted whipped cream. 

Carl's curiosity grew. "Then let's break the suspense. I'll answer anything you want," he promised.

"What is your greatest unfulfilled sexual fantasy?"

"Whoa!" Carl exclaimed surprised by the bold intimacy of her question. "Why do you ask?"

"Did you know you have a habit of answering my questions with another question?" she observed. 

"You know you just answered my question with a question?"

"I asked you first," she argued playfully.

"I'll answer," he promised again. "I'm just curious why you ask?"

"In part, because I will know something about you probably no one else knows."

"You're right. That is something I've never shared with anyone," he said. "Dangerous but true. You said 'in part'? Why else?" he asked.

"Truthfully?"

"Truthfully," Carl said.

"Because you are fulfilling my fantasy tonight," she confessed. "I have always dreamed of this, but never met a man I've wanted to fulfill it with until this week."

"I'm honored," Carl said. "I suspect our evening is no where close to being over."

"Not by a long shot," she said with a smile.

"Any other reason you ask?" he asked, suspecting there was more.

Krasa hesitated. "Because I want to be the one to now fulfill your deepest fantasy," she risked.

"Is that an offer?" Carl asked.

"I haven't heard what it is yet," she said. 

"What if you are the one person I want to fulfill it?"

Krasa felt drawn in. "Am I?"

"I've never shared it with anyone because I've never met anyone I wanted to have make it come true," he answered honestly. "Until now."

Krasa felt flattered. The intense intimacy of the night is what made her want to ask the question. "I still haven't heard what it is yet," she repeated more out of curiosity than condition.

"Would it matter?"

"You want me to say 'yes' to fulfilling your fantasy without knowing what it is?" she asked calmly.

"What if mystery is part of my fantasy?" he asked with a smile. "Part of what makes it my illicit dream is your willingness for anything, even though you don't know what it will require." 

Krasa felt nervous and turned on by the suspense of what he was suggesting. "That sounds dangerous," she said.

"In the best way," he answered, repeating her enticing words from the day before.

Krasa smiled at the growing sexual tension. Carl had a way of making her feel more exposed and vulnerable. "So what if I say 'yes'?" she asked, already knowing she would.

"Then I would give you a time and a place for us to meet for our fantasy rendezvous. That's it. The only thing you will need to bring is your complete and enthusiastic willingness for anything that might happen, just as you asked of me this evening."

"Touché," she answered. "At least you knew I was inviting you to dinner." 

"True, and at least you know anything's possible," he answered back calmly with a smile. "There's no pressure here Krasa. I'm being totally open. I'm just answering your question with the honesty you asked for."

"True," she affirmed. She had opened this door by asking for his fantasy.

"My fantasy can only happen through your complete unreserved willingness for anything. It's gutsy. So, consider all the possibilities of what that might mean before you decide," Carl urged. 

"I feel like Alice deciding if she should go down the rabbit hole." 

Carl agreed smiling at the analogy. "If Alice plays it safe, she may live in regret, always wondering what she missed. But, there's no way to peek down the hole to see what's there before committing completely. Agreeing to just 'go along' isn't enough. Saying yes means enthusiastically diving in, all in."

"You are making me so hot right now," Krasa said. She rubbed her fingers against her wet pussy and lifted them to his mouth. "You tell me when and where, and I will blow that hole wide open," she said before leaning over to give him a kiss. "I will not only do anything you want, I will take your fantasy to places your imagination has never dreamed of."

"Sounds like a 'yes'" Carl deduced playfully.

Krasa sat up and refilled the two glasses of champagne. She handed a glass to Carl and held her up for a toast. "It's not just a yes," she said. "It's a promise." Carl knew she meant it. Two glasses touched in agreement. This evening wasn't over and they both knew this wouldn't be the last.

"I have an incessant sweet tooth," she said. "And it's kicking in again big time." She reached for the tiramisu with one hand and Carl's dick with the other. "I'm ready for more.

Several hours later, the sun began to rise about the time the dessert was finished. Carl and Krasa held each other tenderly in blissful exhaustion. Sweet remnants of the evening covered their bodies and the sheets. It was a night they would never forget.

MONDAY 

Carl arrived early to work. Beyond the appointments and demands of the second week of his new job, he had a lot to do to make a dream, or fantasy, come true. 

He stopped by Steve's desk. "May I have a seat?"

"You bet Carl. Congratulations on your first week here at the firm."

"Thanks," Carl said. Steve had no way of knowing how appropriate his congratulations were.

Carl began by double-checking some work related procedures and questions with Steve. They were the kinds of questions anyone new to the company would ask as they moved more deeply into the work. Almost a half an hour passed before Krasa stepped off of the elevator and into the room. She was radiant, somehow even more so than usual. Steve and Carl both stared, along with most everyone else in the room. Krasa made a point of walking past Steve's desk on the way to her own.

"Good morning boys," she said with a wink toward Carl.

"Good morning Krasa," the two men said in unison.

"How was your weekend?"

"Nice. Nothing special. You know, the usual," Steve said.

"It was the best I can remember," Carl answered with a smile. "Thanks for dinner."

"Shhhh," Krasa whispered playfully. That's our little secret. Although I've thought of another dish I'd like to try out on you." With another wink, Krasa continued toward her desk.

"Dinner?" Steve asked surprised. "You two had dinner?"

"At her place," Carl confided. 

Steve looked stunned. "At her place? You're ..."

"Breakfast was good too," Carl added.

"What the..., how did....., " Steve stammered for words.

"I'd rather not talk about it," Carl said. "We have a nice little thing started."

"Damn, I owe you a month of lunches." A week before, Carl suggested he might have a date with Krasa within a week. Steve wagered a month of lunches. No one in the office had ever secured a date with Krasa after years of trying. To do so after a week would be like flying to Mars in a balloon.

"Actually, I'd like to invite you to a little lunch opportunity tomorrow," Carl said. "It's the least I can do for all your help last week as I was getting started."

"You don't have to do that," Steve said. I'm just doing what people did for me when I started here."

"Yeah, that's good, but I'd really like to. I think you will like it."

"What do you have in mind?" Steve asked.

"Just an intimate lunch with Krasa, and maybe one other girl," Carl said. "By intimate, I mean very intimate."

Steve sat up in his chair and leaned over to whisper. "What are you talking about?"

"This feels a little awkward, but I'll just be straight with you Steve. Last week you basically told me you would love to have your way with Krasa, am I right?"

"Basically. Me and any guy with an ounce of testosterone in his system. Why?"

"I just need to be sure that if I set it up for noon tomorrow for your lunch break, you'll show up."

"Set what up?"

"To have Krasa eager to satisfy any desire you have."

"You're fucking with me," he said continuing his whisper. The idea was inconceivable. 

"Yes or no?" Carl asked. "If you're not interested, I'm sure I can find someone else who is."

"Damn right, I'm interested," Steve said.

"There are a couple conditions," Carl said.

"Name 'em," Steve said.

"She can't ever know it's you." 

"How does that happen?" Steve asked.

"She will be blindfolded, so she won't be able to see you. That also means no talking or recognizable sounds. Let me know what you want and I'll take it from there."

"Damn," Steve said. "That's bad ass."

"Second, there may be one other woman with us."

"The more the merrier," Steve said excitedly.

"If she is there, she is under no obligation to either of us sexually, in the moment or in the future."

"You're not kidding about all of this," Steve said.

"In the week you've known me, have you heard me say anything I didn't mean?"

"I don't know how you do it," Steve said. "How did you get Krasa to agree? " 

"Doesn't matter." 

"I owe you big time," Steve said.

"Yes you do," Carl said. "You can enjoy her, but only under these conditions. Deal?"

"You have my word."

"Great. Let your imagination run today and I'll fill you in with more details tomorrow morning." Carl got up and walked back to his desk. Steve couldn't believe what just happened. He couldn't believe what was promised for tomorrow. 

Later in the morning, Carl stopped by Carrie's desk, his administrative assistant.

"Hi Carl. Welcome to your second week. How's it going?"

"Great, Carrie. I'm enjoying it here very much."

"That's wonderful. What can I help you with today?"

"Actually, I just wanted to say thank you for how nice and helpful you have been getting me started here last week."

"Thanks Carl. Glad to do it. That's why I'm here."

"I appreciate it. In fact, I wanted to extend an invitation to you to reciprocate your kindness."

"That's nice, but you don't have to."

"I'd like to, at least if it is something you are interested in," Carl explained. "If not, no worries."

"OK, what is it?"

"Its a little awkward and personal, so let me just put it out there. Last week you mentioned that some women you know think Krasa is so beautiful that they would even be tempted to have their way with her if given the chance." 

"Yeah," she said, feeling some of the awkwardness.

"If I can be so bold, I detected some of your own interest."

"I'm married," she said holding her ring finger up again.

"Oh, I know," Carl said. "Please stop me if I misinterpreted what you said or if you have no interest in an opportunity to have your way with Krasa with no strings attached."

"Go on," Carrie said feeling curious but more awkward.

'If you are interested, I can give you that opportunity tomorrow during your lunch hour in an elegant setting. She will do anything you want, and let you do anything you want, with no strings attached. Even better, she won't know its you."

Carrie gave away her interest with a smile. She whispered, "How would that happen?" 

"She will be blindfolded, and eager to do anything you want," Carl explained. There are just a couple conditions," Carl said. "First, she can never know it is you. That means, there can be no talking or recognizable sounds. You simply let me know what you want and I'll take it from there." 

"You want me to tell you what I want to do with Krasa sexually?"

"It's for your own protection. She can't ever know it is you. But, it's a little secret you'll always have on her," Carl explained. "Because she'll never know, don't be shy or hold back. She will gladly do anything you ask." 

Carrie smiled devilishly. "OK, what else," she asked.

"Second, that means I'll be there. There will be four of us: you, Krasa, me and one other guy who is getting the same opportunity with Krasa I am giving you. It is completely safe."

Carrie looked unsure. It was one thing to be able to have her way with Krasa, it was another to have other people there watching. "I don't know."

"Here's the deal: you are completely in control. You don't have to do anything you don't want to, period. You are there to have your way with Krasa. Anything else is up to you. It's your call. At the same time, you have the freedom to do anything you do want to. You walk in the room with a blank check."

Carrie felt reassured by the rare invitation. She wondered if secretly having her way recreationally with another woman would be cheating on her husband. She rationalized the possibility. There had been times when she had fantasized about Krasa while her husband licked her to orgasm. She also knew her husband dreamed about Carrie in a threesome with another woman. Not only did she convince herself he would he be OK with it, she knew he would like to watch.

"One more condition," Carl continued. "The moment any one of us walk through the door, all clothing is removed. That gives Krasa full access to anything you might want. It also gives you full access to whatever you want. More than anything, it means everyone is equally committed." 

Carl could see Carrie's wheels turning. The proposal came out of nowhere. "Think about it and let me know by noon," Carl said. "There is no pressure. If you decide not to, then we never had this conversation. If you decide you want her tomorrow, I'll fill you in on the details." Carl smiled and returned to his desk.

Carrie looked across the room at Krasa. She did indeed look radiant. Except for one drunken night in her university sorority, she had never been with another woman. At the same time, her foggy memory of that night was amazing. The group of young woman became sisters for life that night.

Measuring the benefits against the risks distracted Carrie from her work for an hour and a half. She knew immediately what she wanted, it took the rest of the time to muster the courage to live on the edge in ways she hadn't since college. She walked over to Carl's desk and sat down on chair. "I can't believe I'm saying this," she said, "but I'll take you up on your offer."

"I'm glad," Carl said. "Come ready to enjoy your lunch tomorrow. I'll fill you in on all you need to know in the morning."

"That's it?"

"That's it," Carl said. "Oh, one more thing. Can you clear Krasa's afternoon calendar for tomorrow and all day Wednesday? I have a suspicion something may come up that will make her unavailable to keep any appointments."

"Consider it cleared," she said. "I think I may owe you big time for this," she added.

"I may take you up on that," Carl said.

"I may let you," she said impressed with the quick influence of the new employee.

Carl enjoyed seeing his plan coming together nicely. Spending much of the weekend in Krasa's arms gave him no reason to delay taking her up on her generous fantasy offer. He walked over to her desk and sat down.

"You look amazing," he complemented.

"I know," she said with genuine confidence. 

"Thank you again for dinner and breakfast."

"You're more than welcome."

"It has created a bit of a challenge for me," he said playfully.

"Oh yeah, what kind of challenge?"

"It's just hard to enjoy a meal now without your added touch," he said.

"I know what you mean," she said. "So, what about that fantasy of yours?" she asked. I hope we won't wait to long to make it a reality."

"Actually, that's why I stopped by," he said. "Would an 11:00 off-site meeting with you that might spill over into lunch work with your schedule tomorrow?"

"You aren't wasting any time," she said. "I like that. Seeing the urgency of this meeting , I think I can move some things around to make it work. Any more details?"

"Come to work ready to make a dream come true," he said. "I'll fill you in on the rest in the morning."

"Dream big, Mystery Man.

TUESDAY

The four each came to work feeling momentous anticipation. The suspense was palpable. Steve and Carrie watched Krasa step off the elevator and walk across the room with unprecedented confidence, even for her. She wore a bold low-cut royal blue dress that bared her back and barely covered her ass with matching four-inch blue stilettos. She looked like she was ready to take on the world and win. In truth, she felt like it. A man who barged into her life a week before was about to reveal his most intimate fantasy, and she would have the distinct joy to bring it to life. She was ready to do anything to make that happen. 

Unaware of the other, both Carrie and Steve had spent the evening fantasizing the possibilities with Krasa. It was a rare opportunity and they were ready to make the most of it. Krasa enjoyed feeling every eye in the room lusting on her. She had no idea that to bring Carl's fantasy to life would also require satisfying the sexual appetites of two of these colleagues. It would be a day none of them would forget.

Carl wasted no time approaching Krasa as soon as she settled in to her cubicle. Steve and Carrie each tried to watch inconspicuously. They wondered what was he saying to her. How did he seduce her so completely in days, when others had tried unsuccessfully for years? Would she be happy or begrudging to see Carl?

Carl sat down at Krasa's desk. Krasa's face lit up with a large smile. He handed her a manila folder with a memo and small package inside. 

"What's this?" she asked with a wink.

"Everything you will need to be prepped for our 11:00," he answered to conceal the true nature of the rendezvous from anyone in the office who may overhear.

"Thank you. I appreciate that," she said genuinely.

"You may want to glance at the memo in case you have any questions," he advised.

She looked down at the page. It instructed her to arrive at the downtown Ritz Carlton Hotel one block from the office no later than 11:00 am. She looked up at the clock on her desk. It read 9:15. The fantasy would begin in less than two hours. She looked over to Carl. "I have afternoon appointments I should probably cancel in case this goes long," she said.

"Already rescheduled," he said. "Apparently something came up that required you to be out of the office unexpectedly. Just in case it goes long, tomorrow's appointments have also been cleared."

Krasa confirmed it with a glance at the calendar on her computer screen. "Impressive," she complemented with a smile. She felt her pussy tingle at Carl's initiative. She looked back down to the memo. It instructed that she was to let herself in to room 969 using the key provided in the package. Once in the room, she should make herself comfortable, relax and enjoy its amenities, including the bar. 

"Sounds nice," she said.

"Go on," he encouraged.

She turned the memo over to continue reading. After making herself comfortable in the room, she was expected to be completely disrobed and sitting in the center of the large plush king bed, ready for Carl's arrival at 11:30. To maintain the mysterious nature of the fantasy, the blindfold inside should be on before Carl's arrival, eliminating any ability for her to see.
