 Dammit, they're out there again, Cullen thought to himself when he saw the two college students sunbathing in bikinis in their backyard. Well, HIS backyard, actually, as they were his tenants in his rental house next door. They were good renters, always paid on time and weren't party throwers. Maybe living next door to your landlord had something to do with that, but they had no problem stretching out in the backyard oiled up in bikinis. 

Cullen had a hard time not staring; a short dirty-blond bombshell, large breasted, great hips and ass, and killer strong legs. She gave the appearance of a farm girl, driving an old Chevy pickup and wearing jeans most days. Her roommate, a lithe raven haired femme-fatale with white skin in spite of the sun, had quite a collection of tattoos, including an elaborate chest piece of vintage inspired ink. Though her chest wasn't big, her bosom filled her top nicely. She also had shapely hips and butt, though a bit on the thin side. She dressed like a pinup model, pencil skirts, fishnet stockings and form-fitting dresses. Her hair changed daily, one day being up, the next wild and spiked. 

They had been renting from Cullen for 4 months, and though fun to look at, he dreaded interaction with them. The tattooed pinup, Nadia, was a terrible flirt, and Jennifer was a friendly as his sister. He felt kind of dirty, having sexual thoughts about them, being 10 or so years younger than him. But damn, did they look good! How could a red blooded man NOT get excited about two college cuties parading around right next door in all manor of sexy outfits?

Ah, shit. Nadia was waving him over. Good thing he was wearing loose shorts. Might help hide his erection. Maybe...

Cullen leaned over the short picket fence and Nadia hopped off the chaise lounge she was stretched out in.

"Cullen, glad you're home! We've got a problem with the bathroom sink. It's clogged up and Draino doesn't work. Can you get it running for us?"

"Yeah, sure. I'll grab my tools and be right over." Cullen turned and headed to the garage to fetch his tool box, and heard Nadia make a 'MMMM!' sound. Cullen was glad he was facing away, as he blushed, knowing she was trying to get a rise out of him. He tried to stay in shape and was kinda flattered, even if she was being cheeky. He heard Nadia giggling and Jennifer scold her quietly. 

Cullen fetched his tools and headed back across the driveway. Nadia and Jennifer both went in the back door, headed towards the front to let him in. Cullen shook his head softly, thinking inappropriate thoughts the whole way. Damn, he needed to get laid. It'd been months since his girlfriend left him to chase her dreams at law school. He really needed to get his mind off the two hard-bodies waiting just inside. When Nadia opened the door, she was still in her black bikini, but Jennifer had wrapped a sarong around herself. Well, that would help, he thought. 

"Thanks a bunch Cullen." Nadia said, leading the way down the hall, "It's been weird having to brush our teeth in the kitchen."

Cullen couldn't help but glance down at her ass swaying just four feet in front of him. Concentrate, he thought to himself. Get your mind out of your pants, and hers. She flipped on the lavatory light and stepped aside, allowing him access to the small bathroom. He set his tools on the floor and knelt before the cabinet as Jennifer poked her head in around the corner. Cullen opened the door and Jennifer gasped. Under the sink were a couple of boxes of feminine products; tampons, pads and whatnot.

"Oh, Jesus Jen! Don't get all freaked out. Cullen's an adult. You need to grow up!" Nadia squeezed past Cullen and stood over him, watching him move everything out from under the sink and lay on his back with Channel-Lock pliers in hand. 

He cranked the nut on the P-trap and water started spilling. "Shit! Hand me a towel, quick!"

Nadia pulled a bath towel off the wall rod and tossed it down to him. He sopped up the water and went back in the cabinet to finish the job. Jennifer was back at the door watching, her shame having worn off. Nadia was trying to strike up a conversation with Cullen, and Jennifer told her to leave him alone and let him work. it was at that moment, with Cullen's head half under the sink that Nadia slipped down her bikini bottoms and sat on the toilet, peeing.

"OH MY GOD! Nadia! What the hell are you doing!" Jennifer cried out, horrified at her roommate's brazenness. 

"Oh please, Jen, everybody pees! Gawd!" Nadia stripped off some toilet paper and wiped, Cullen trying hard to ignore what was happening in the rapidly shrinking bathroom. He felt his face flush red the same time Nadia flushed the toilet and stood, pulling her bottoms on slowly, wiggling her butt trying to get tight fabric over her hips.

"You are such a whore, Nadia!" Jennifer shouted as she stormed down the hall.

"She's just pissed because it's probably her pubes that clogged the sink. She just shaved for the first time this week!"

"FUCK YOU, NADIA! GOD, YOU BITCH!" Jennifer screamed from the kitchen. 

Cullen kept his head under the sink, but couldn't stop himself from glancing at Nadia as she stood, her naked butt on display and a flash of her shaved vagina shocking him. Instantly his body responded, his penis flooded with blood, erect and tenting his shorts. Fuck, he thought. This isn't good! He pulled the P-trap loose and started to extract himself from the sink cabinet, only to find Nadia standing, straddling him, staring at the tent over his crotch.

"'Scuse me," he offered weakly, knowing she was staring at his hard-on. She coyly held her finger to the corner of her mouth, her tongue slipping out and licking the tip. Cullen tried again to move, but her feet were positioned directly on either side of his thighs, pinning him in place. 

Her other hand snaked down her shoulder to her bikini clad breast and gave it a squeeze, her eyes never leaving his crotch. He couldn't stop himself from becoming more aroused when he noticed her erect clit making a tiny tent of it's own, and her nipples hardening to points in her top. 

"Whoa. Hang on, Nadia. Let me out." He said with as much conviction as he could muster.

"Oh, you don't want to do that," she cooed. "I can tell."

It was true, he wanted nothing more than to reach up and stroke that delicious inner thigh, but he also desperately wanted out of this uncomfortable situation. 

"Mr. Baker, I'm sorry Nadia is be - HOLY SHIT! You fucking slut! What the fuck are you doing?!" Jennifer screamed again as she poked her head in the door.

"Leave the grown-ups alone, Jen." Nadia said as she pushed the door closed in Jennifer's face. "Now, where were we?" She asked, looking into Cullen's surprised eyes.

"Seriously. Nadia. Stop." He almost whispered.

"Shhh..." she murmured, crouching down over his legs. Her knees were spread and the tight black fabric was stretched tight over her sex. A small wet spot appeared below her clit as she reached her hand out to stroke the tower in Cullen's shorts. He moaned involuntarily, still holding with both hands the water filled P-trap.

Jennifer continued to rant and rave in the kitchen and hall, screaming about what a slut Nadia was. "Ignore her," Nadia whispered, slowly jacking Cullen through the rough fabric. "She'll come around."

Cullen didn't really process what she said, as his mind was racing a million miles an hour, trying to figure out if he should get the hell out of there, or let this little vixen take advantage of him. His dick did his thinking for him, jumping in her small hand. He dropped the P-trap on the towel under the sink and slid his hand up her smooth thigh, rolling under to massage her aroused pussy. She gasped, her grip tightening on his shaft, as he traced the outline of her lips though her bikini. 

With her free hand, she yanked down the front of her top, exposing her perky tits, her hard nipples pink against the white skin. Her tattoos spanned her chest from just below the edge of her bikini out to her shoulders. Cherries, swallows and stars stared down at Cullen when she through her head back due to his ministrations on her clit. He softly cupped her right breast, loving the smooth, young skin. Nadia tore at the zipper of his shorts, yanking open the fly and pulling this boxer briefs over his throbbing erection. Dismounting to the side of him, she immediately took his dick in her mouth and started bobbing up and down. Cullen grunted with arousal, grabbing a handful of her firm buttocks, his fingers curling all the way around towards her puckered anus. 

Jennifer was outside the bathroom door sobbing, crying about how Nadia was ruining everything! Nadia let Cullen's member pop wetly out of her mouth and whispered, "She's got a serious thing for you! Watch this!" and pulled open the bathroom door.

There Jennifer stood, mouth agape at the scene in front of her. Cullen sheepishly looked up at her, his saliva coated cock twitching in the open. Nadia grasped Jennifer's hand and jerked her into the cramped bathroom. She tried to fight and scream, but Nadia wrapped her arms around her and held her tight, her gaze never leaving Cullen's crotch.

"Touch it." Nadia said flatly. "Stroke it, suck it, fuck it, do all the things you've been talking about for the last four months."

Jennifer stilled. She looked sadly at Cullen's face, and he saw lust creep into her eyes. Still staring hungrily in Cullen's eyes, she cupped Nadia's face and kissed her roommate deeply. The two girls kissed and groped for 30 seconds when Jennifer broke away and reached out for Cullen's hand. He took it and she pulled him standing, his shorts falling to the floor and his cock jutting straight out towards the girls. Jennifer took hold of his erection and led him out of the bathroom towards the bedroom. Cullen had no choice but to follow, Nadia bringing up the rear, caressing his back. 

Once in the bedroom, Jennifer turned to face Cullen and raised up on her tip-toes to kiss him deeply, her tongue exploring his mouth hotly. Cullen stooped and slid his hands behind her, long since having given up on his reservations about fooling around with either or both his tenants. He tugged her sarong away from her body and groped her ass and back with his rough hands. Nadia had slithered up behind them, sandwiching Cullen between the two steaming hot bodies. She reached past him, caressing Jennifer's waist, and Cullen unsnapped the blond's pink bikini top. Her heavy C cup breasts swung free, and Jennifer moaned deeply into Cullen's mouth. Nadia played with her nipples, surrounded by triangles of untanned skin. Jennifer reached between herself and Cullen and jacked his cock, Cullen taking a sharp breath. Nadia slipped around Cullen and kissed Jennifer, circling her until Jennifer had become sandwiched. Nadia slipped her finders under the waistband of Jen's suit bottoms and inched then over her soft hips, the slip of fabric between her legs sticking slightly. Nadia moved all the way down to Jen's ankles, kissing her fleshy buttocks while coaxing her to step out of the bikini. Cullen continued his breast massage, marveling at the soft flesh and pale pink aerolae. Jennifer's nipples had blossomed into hard nubs like the tip of a finger, and Cullen took one in his mouth, nibbling softly. Nadia reached around Jennifer and pulled Cullen's underwear to the floor, leaving only herself with any clothing on. Without speaking, Cullen and Jennifer turned to her and stripped off her loose top and wet bottoms. 

The three of them fell on the queen bed in Jennifer's room, arms and legs intertwined and hands roaming everywhere. Kisses rained down on Cullen as Nadia and Jen forced him on his back, his rock-hard cock leaking pre-cum. Jennifer took hold of his throbbing member, staring hungrily at it, while Nadia fed him a her left breast, combing her fingers through his short dark hair. Jennifer gently took Cullen in her mouth, filling her cheeks with cock, her tongue swirling around the tip. His eyes fluttered with arousal, the passion of the situation going to his head. After just 30 seconds he had to push Jennifer off his dick to prevent himself from coming, her lips smacking wetly when she broke the suction. 

He stood at the edge of the bed and looked at the feast before him. Nadia laid with her legs spread, her fingers rubbing her smooth pussy and her other hand playing with a breast. Jennifer say leaned back on her elbows, legs together, full bust hanging ever-so-slightly. Cullen could see a well trimmed thatch of pubic hair, barely more than stubble peaking from between her thighs. He slid his body over Jennifer, kissing her mouth, his dick poking her in the leg. Nadia leaned towards them, licking the side of Jen's breast and groping Cullen's ass. 

Cullen sank between Jennifer's knees, spreading her thighs, exposing her delicious pussy. She had shaved her outer lips smooth, just the thin patch of hair above her mound left. 

"I'm afraid I DID clog the drain. Will you forgive me?" Jennifer cooed softly.

Cullen stared into her eyes and lowered his mouth to her moist snatch without a word. Her head flopped back and guttural sounds escaped her mouth as her body shook beneath him. Nadia massaged Jen's chest, sucking and nibbling on her gumdrop nipples. little moans and happy sounds escaped Jen's lips as she ground herself into Cullen's face. Nadia gave up Jennifer's breasts and slid down until she was face to face with Cullen's rock hard cock. Gently taking it in her hand, she rubbed and jacked, flicking her tongue around the head. Then bobbing her head to take his whole length, Cullen's body jerked involuntarily. Jennifer squealed, Cullen moaned and Nadia smiled with a mouth full of dick. 

Cullen lapped at Jen's pussy and rubbed her clit with his thumb. Her back arched and her butt raised up off the bed, offering her whole crotch to Cullen's ministrations. Slipping in his index finger, her slick juices soaking his hand, Cullen relished the thrill of his first threesome. Nadia was sucking and bobbing enthusiastically on his cock, and he had a beautiful young woman crying with ecstasy while he licked and fingered her. With a slurp, Nadia released his dick and pulled his body away from Jennifer. Jen moaned her displeasure, but when Nadia pushed him down next to her on the bed, she rolled over and smothered his face with her soft bosom. 

Nadia straddled his waist, reached back with her hand guiding his cock into her sopping pussy. With some resistance, she inched herself down his shaft, savoring the feeling of him filling her up. Settling with his testicles wedged between her cheeks, she began to rock back and forth, feeling his stiff pubic hair chafe at her pubic mound. She reached behind her ass again, Nadia fondled his balls, rolling the glands in their tight pouch. 

It was less than two minutes of her rocking before Cullen jerked and struggled to buck her off. He was a second or two from blowing his load, and didn't want this party to end. With his flailing, both girls tumbled together in the center of the bed in a naked jumble. Nadia ended up with a face full of soft chest and immediately fondled and suckled at Jennifer's ample boobs. Cullen knelt at the end of the bed, transfixed with the scene of two beautiful young girls ravaging each other in lust. One tan, dirty-blond with womanly curves and one pale, tattooed raven-haired pixie engulfed in hot sex had his erect cock twitching with excitement. 

"Condom?" he asked.

Both girls paused to look at him, Nadia with a handful of tit and Jennifer with two fingers embedded deep in Nadia's smooth snatch. "Do we look like dirty whores to you? why do you need a rubber?" Nadia cooed, "Jen's never been with a guy, and as much as i like to play around, i don't really let guys go all the way... but you... well, I think we can both make an exception for you."

Cullen smiled at the irony, but at that very moment, he couldn't give less of a shit. He leaped back on to the bed, right into the middle of the two sweaty ladies. Roughly grabbing Jen, Cullen turned her onto her stomach and lifted her sexy hips until her shapely buttocks were spread before him. He aimed his dick at her dewy snatch, but the resistance was too great. Nadia provided the help, slathering saliva on his dick, and wetly lapping at Jen's dark crack. Gently, Cullen tried again, slowly easing into her virgin pussy. Jen gasped and cried out in pleasure with her first flesh-and-blood shaft penetrating her. Her hot tunnel gripped him tightly, her wet labia yielding to his hard cock. Cullen had a hold of her hips, easing himself in and out, slowly building tempo as her body would allow. 

Jen huffed and squealed, her breath coming in short gasps. Nadia slid under her chest and suckled lovingly at her pendulous tits. Harder and faster, Cullen plowed into her gushing pussy. Jen let out a guttural growl, climbing into a scream as her orgasm flooded from the pit of her stomach. With a few quick, hard thrusts, Cullen spurted semen deep inside her. Quivering, Jen collapsed on top of Nadia and lay basking in the intense sensations her body was feeling.

Nadia squirmed out from under her roommate, kneeling in front of Cullen, taking his semi-limp dick in her mouth. The tangy mix of cum from both Cullen and Jen tickled her taste buds and she slurped and swallowed the last drops leaking from him. Still ultra-sensitive, Cullen's torso convulsed and he tried to push her off his dick. Nadia refused to let go, and slowly his penis started to respond to her oral ministrations. 

Finally, as blood rushed back to his groin she released him from her mouth and stroked his hardening cock. Cullen wiped sweat from his brow and fondled Nadia's small, tight tits, marveling at the tiny nipples. Her vintage tattoos acted as a frame for her chest, and the tiny diamond stud in right side of her upper lip added to the Suicide Girl styling that gave her a unique look. Laying back and opening her thighs, Cullen got a good look at her smooth-shaved vagina, the dark outer lips spread, exposing her erect clit. He pulled her to the edge of the bed, rubbing the head of his dick over her sensitive nub. Nadia's body reacted with a twitch, and she roughly grabbed his hard dick and aimed it at the entrance to her dripping sex. 

"Fuck me. Fuck me HARD Cullen!" she growled. 

Cullen thrust forcefully in to her tight hole. They grunted in unison, then settled into a quick rhythm. Cullen had a hold of her thighs, her ankles locked behind his buttocks. Over and over he rammed his erection into her. His all too recent orgasm kept him going and going without coming again. 

"Fuck. FUCK. FUCK-FUUUUCK!" she shouted at him, "Yes! Ram that cock in me! Fuck! That feels so GOOD! UGH! YES!"

Jennifer had rolled over and was watching Nadia and Cullen fuck enthusiastically. Her right hand snaked over her belly and dipped between her legs, her left massaging her right breast tenderly. Deep into her wet hole, she stuck one, then two fingers, her thumb circling her clit. Jen's hips bucked as she fucked herself in time with Cullen's thrusting into Nadia. 

Cullen stuffed his cock into Nadia quicker and quicker, until at last he couldn't handle the sensations any more. He spewed his seed at the entrance to her womb and collapsed, utterly spent. Nadia strummed her clit for 20 seconds until a flood of warm fluid gushed from her pussy. Cullen and Jen both stared wide-eyed as Nadia squirted over the bed. 

"HOLY SHIT!" Nadia exclaimed, "OOOO, fuck that was amazing! I've never cum like that before! You are some kinda man, Cullen Baker. This is going to be a FUN summer!"