 "Forgive me Father, for I have sinned. It has been two weeks since my last confession"

It had been many years since Tony Torrello had heard these words. Many years since he had spoken them himself. Had he actually been a real priest, he would have heard them often, but Tony was far from a man of the cloth. Only two days before, he had taken his leave from Belfrey prison. A leave that was not exactly condoned by the authorities. He was surprised how easy it had been. Although Belfrey was a minimum security establishment, he had expected at least some traces of security; to be questioned by a guard or something. But leaving was frighteningly simple. Wearing a suit that he had traded a carton of cigarettes for, he had just strolled out of the main gate and to freedom. For two days he had hitched from town to town, trying to put as much distance between himself and the prison gates as possible, until he had arrived at Potterton. The small town had caught his imagination, with its friendly atmosphere, neat little homes and white painted church. For some reason the church had drawn him in. Although of Italian descent and brought up in a religious family, Tony had turned his back on the church at an early age and instead taken to small time corruption and petty crime, his latest confidence trick leading him straight to the doors of Belfrey prison. But now the church intrigued him. At first he had entered the confessional box for fun, really, just to see if it was as he remembered it, but when he heard voices echoing around the building, he had stayed put for fear of being discovered. The last thing that he had expected was to find himself mistaken for a priest and being asked to hear a confession A smile played across his lips as he wondered if he could pass himself off as a man of God.

Tony sank back into the darkness of the confessional box. "Please continue, my child," he said, trying to keep the smile from his face. "What is your confession?"

Although he could not make out the face of the confessor, the voice was definitely female with the soft lilting tones of an Irish accent.

"I have committed adultery again, Father."

"Again? You mean that this has happened before?" Said Tony, getting more into character.

"Yes Father. You remember I told you about my husband's friend Kevin and also our neighbour Sean?"

"Oh...yes...yes...of course. Tell me what happened."

There was a brief silence and Tony wondered if the woman was suspicious.

"You...you want DETAILS?" she asked incredulously.

"Of course! How can you expect your sins to be absolved if I...er, I mean if God, does not fully understand them?"

"Well, Father, this time it was with Brian, another of my husband's friends. But this time it was worse. I wanted my husband to watch us while Brian…made love to me! It seems that I must be evil. I just don't seem to be able to get enough…er…sex!"

Tony now began to pay more attention. Just the thought of this woman, any woman, naked and fucking, was enough to make his cock stir. It had been many months since he last had a woman. So many in fact that he cared not to remember. He decided to see if he could play along and see if this situation might not afford him some form of sexual opportunity.

"I see," he said in his best theological voice, "It seems that you need some help, my child. I do not usually visit a member of my flock at home, but I think in this case you may need my urgent attention. Please write your address down and slip it through to me as you leave. I will see you and your husband later today and we will see if God will forgive you!"

Clutching the scrawled address in his hand, Tony peeked out of the confessional box as the unknown woman left. Not bad, he thought as he watched her leave the church. Fairly young, nice figure and a cute little butt! This might be fun!

Later that afternoon, Tony found himself sitting in a comfortable lounge and sipping sherry with Ruth Jones and her husband Michael. He had explained his casual dress by saying that he was officially "off duty" and that they might all benefit from getting to know each other better on a less formal basis. The couple seemed to accept this, and the drinks and food had quickly been offered. Tony was having a tough time keeping his eyes off Ruth. She was indeed a good looking woman. He guessed not older than thirty five, with long, flame red hair that fell to below her waist.

"You know Ruth," he said as he finished his drink and swallowed the last of the excellent home made cake, "I take a much more liberal approach to, shall we say infidelity, than most other priests. It is my opinion, that as long as you are both happy with your arrangements and that you are not hurting anyone, that God will forgive you."

Tony turned to look at Michael who now looked considerably happier. "Michael, are you sure that you are content with this situation? Can you agree with Ruth's behaviour with other men?"

"Oh yes, Father. I just love to see her having sex with other men. You see, I knew when I married her that I could never satisfy her lust by myself. Sex is something that she seems to constantly crave!"

Tony turned back to Ruth who was looking demurely at her feet. "Oh Father," she said in a whisper. "You must think that I am a complete slut!"

"I have not seen much at all yet Ruth. Perhaps, with your husband's permission, you might demonstrate to me the level of your cravings?"

Another silence. This time Tony wondered if he had pushed the situation too far. The erection that had developed earlier in the day was still with him, and he was becoming almost desperate to see this woman naked and, hopefully, to fuck her. He need not have worried. With a smile and a glance at her nodding husband, Ruth stood and peeled off her halter top. Tony almost gasped out loud as two large bra-less breasts came into view. Dragging his eyes reluctantly away from the gorgeous sight in front of him, Tony looked over at Ruth's husband. Mike had been rubbing the crotch of his jeans as he watched his wife strip, but as soon as he saw Tony look at him he abruptly stopped. Tony smiled inwardly. After many months in prison, he could not find it in him to condemn masturbation.

"That's quite alright Mike," he said. "An erection is perfectly natural. If you feel that you need relief, then you must do whatever is necessary!"

Mike seemed more than happy with Tony's permission, and quickly pulled out a small erection and began masturbating slowly. Ruth, meanwhile, had not stopped at her halter top. As Tony turned his attention back to her she had removed her skirt and was just about to peel her lemon coloured panties down her long, shapely legs. Tony simply smiled his encouragement and watched as the lacy garment was removed and discarded on the lounge carpet.

"What should I do now, Father?" Ruth said with a sly grin.

Tony's breathing was coming in short gasps as he tried to move his painful erection into a more comfortable position.

"Why don't you let me see if I can help you with that?" continued Ruth as she pointed towards Tony's bulging crotch.

Tony nodded as she sashayed her way towards him. Her breasts swung deliciously, the nipples hard and angry looking as the stood out proudly. He longed to taste them. To suckle on them and feel the hard flesh in his mouth. But Ruth had other ideas first. Kneeling down in front of him she slowly lowered his zipper. Tony gasped again and held his breath as her long, cool fingers reached inside and circled his throbbing member. In a second his cock was free of its confinement and his full eight inches of hard meat twitched in front of her face. Tony closed his eyes in ecstatic anticipation as he felt her warm breath come closer and closer toward his cock. As her lips closed over his cock head he experienced the exquisite sensation of her tongue rolling gently over his glans, stimulating and exciting him to the point of no return. As he felt his cum boiling up from his balls, he groaned and quickly grabbed a warm, pendulous breast. He squeezed the nipple and filled her mouth with his cum. Jet after jet exploded from the tip of his cock and was greedily sucked down into her throat. To Tony's surprise, and Ruth's delight, he stayed hard in her mouth, continuously stimulated by her expert, rolling tongue. He heard another groan coming from the other side of the room a looked over just in time to see Michael's penis spasm and release a thick rope of cum onto his hand. Ruth had now risen and replaced her lips on Tony's dick with her fingers. She kept up a steady massage of his shaft and balls as she flicked her tongue over his lips. Tony could taste himself on her and this sent a further surge of excitement to his still hard shaft.

Ruth was moving into position now. It seemed obvious that Tony had no need to move at all as she spread those beautiful legs and straddled his cock that she still held between her fingers. She guided him into her pussy with practised ease and gasped herself as the lips of her shaved pussy unfolded to accommodate his width. Ruth lowered herself all the way down onto him and he closed his eyes again as he felt himself slide in to the hilt. She did all the work. Clasping her hands around his neck, she raised and lowered herself onto his root in a luxurious rhythm that sent shivers of excitement up and down his spine. Her bare feet were beside him and he couldn't resist running his fingers lightly over her pretty, painted toes, tickling her as she fucked him deeply. Michael was now up and by Ruth's side. He whispered words of encouragement into his wife's ear as she rode Tony for all she was worth. Mike could sense that she was approaching orgasm and took her large breasts in his hands and began to pinch the stiff little buds of her nipples. This stimulation was beyond Ruth's control, and letting herself drop heavily on Tony's dick, impaling and filling her completely, her body shook in a massive orgasm. Tony wasn't far behind his lover, and bucking his hips up towards her pussy, he exploded into his second climax in twenty minutes. As Ruth writhed and twisted on top of him, his cock slipped out of her soaked cunt and he continued to spurt his hot, sticky load over her stomach and hairless mound. To Tony's surprise, Michael, seeing the cum staining his wife's skin, bent down and began lapping the white fluid from her body. Every now and then his tongue would dart into her pussy and Ruth would shudder into yet another orgasm.

The afternoon culminated in a three way sandwich in the shower. Ruth, still eager for more sex, willingly stood between her husband and new lover as the water cascaded over them. Michael delighted as he fucked her pussy from the front and watched intently as Tony pushed his meat into her ass from behind. Both men came almost simultaneously, splashing their cum over Ruth's body as she writhed between them.

As Tony left the house, the first thing he saw was a squad car and the second and third things he saw were the car's blue uniformed occupants. His heart leapt as he turned to make a dash back into her house but was quickly confronted by Ruth and Mike, now fully dressed and flashing badges at him. He groaned as the thought of his prison cell filled his mind. He knew he was going back inside, but at least he had had this experience, he thought. He was sure, that if he focused his mind, he would be able to recall the events of this day for a long time. He certainly hoped so. As the officer's that flanked him in the back of the squad car said, as they drove back towards Belfrey, he would have to rely on his hand for entertainment for quite some time.

The End