 Patty was dressed in a short denim skirt, with a glittery pink shirt, no bra and black leather thigh high boots. Her panties when the night started were made of black silk so that my fingers would glide over them when I caressed her smooth pussy under her skirt. We were at a local bar that had a nice dance floor so I could watch her dance, and maybe join her if I wanted too. Tonight was no different, the place was half full with a few couples but most of the crowd were groups of twenty something men and woman. We sat in a booth just off the dance floor and ordered some drinks, beer for me and an apple martini for her. As we sipped our drinks we looked over the crowd, looking for our playmate of the night. It was fun, we would sit there and watch the woman dancing trying to decide whom we were going to seduce tonight. We watched as two very sexy woman swayed back and forth to the music of Shakira, a personal favorite of the both of us. I asked which one Patty thought we could seduce, and she said, I like the way the redhead moves her hips, I wonder if she would move them the same way while I am licking her pussy. As she was saying this she reached under the table and started rubbing my stiffening cock. Hmm she purred you seem to like the way she moves too, were you thinking about how she will move under you while you slide this nice hard cock into her nice young and tight pussy? 

Having whom we set our sights on decided, we started our game, which would end when we had both fucked and sucked this sexy redhead to exhaustion. It really is easy for a woman to start seducing another woman, where a guy has to get all of these lines together, all a woman has to do is walk up to another while they are on the dance floor and start dancing. Most woman love to dance and most guys don't so when a woman sees another woman with a guy walk out on the dance floor by themselves they always let them dance with them, that's why we always sit near the dance floor, so they can see me and feel sorry for her that I don't dance.

Patty is a very sexy woman and you can see that when she dances, she moves with a sensual grace that attracts the attention of both men and woman. Dancing with the redhead was not different, with a dynamite smile and great body she moved right into the two girls dancing out there on the floor. I love watching Patty dance, and having her dancing with two other sexy women, kept me hard while I watched her. 

After a few more sexy songs and sexier dances together, it was time for break, this is the next step in the seduction, Patty invites her new friends over to have a drink, and meet me, pretty basic stuff. Not letting them know that we are looking for a sweet young pussy to play with, just a friendly couple offering them a free drink and a place to sit down. Patty introduces them to me as Stacy and Sandy. Stacy has blond hair, shoulder length with bright blue eyes; Sandy on the other hand has short red hair and bright green eyes. Both are wearing short skirts and medium length boots, also both have tight black tops on, Stacie's showing more breast than Sandy, but both had nice sets.

While we waited for the waitress to bring the next round of drinks we chatted and we found out that the woman worked together at a department store. They were supposed to meet some other people, but they did not show. So finding out they were alone we started to make our play. I started rubbing Patty's thigh just enough so that the girls could see my hand moving back and forth, nothing other than a gentle caress. But Patty knew when I started doing that she was to close her eyes and give a small sigh and drop her hand down to her side, right next to Sandy's thigh. Hoping to either touch her hand or to start to caress her thigh in the same way I was touching her. The whole time I was chatting with Stacy to keep her attention on me while Patty started her caresses.

Patty slowly started to run her fingers up and down Sandy's thigh. If Sandy didn't like it then there was no harm no foul, and if she did like it well then we would move to the next level. Sandy did not take offense to Patty's soft caresses. Then I felt something that assured me that we were in for a fun night. Sandy was caressing Patty's thigh, mimicking what Patty was doing to her. Stacy said she had to pee and wanted to know if Sandy wanted to go with her, Sandy declined and Stacy left the table. I leaned over and told Patty to see how high she could go with Sandy, as I moved my fingers over her panty covered pussy. As I lightly stroked around her clit, I could feel the panties getting wet with her tasty juices. Just then I heard Sandy give a small sigh, which I knew meant that Patty's fingers had found Sandy's pussy. I looked over and saw that Sandy now had her eyes closed and was enjoying herself. I was also enjoying myself, since Patty had reached over to stroke my now raging hard cock. Then I knew we would have a great night when I felt Sandy's fingers reach Patty's pussy, there we were sitting in a booth right next to a dance floor filled with people, stroking each other. Patty was getting the better of it, having two people now caressing her panty-covered pussy. Her panties were really getting wet by now and I could see her nipples trying to get out of her shirt, but we kept everything below the table, so as not to be as noticeable. Just then Stacy came back, and we slowed down a little, and talked with her again. She said that she would be over near the bar talking to a guy she just met, Sandy said it would be fine because she was having a great time getting to know us and not to worry. 

I was still stroking Patty's pussy through her panties, also lightly touching Sandy's fingers as she did the same thing to Patty. Her panties were just about soaked through and I decided that I needed a taste of her sweetness. I slowly pushed the soaked panties aside and slid my finger right into her very wet pussy, Sandy moved her finger over to play with Patty's clit, slowly stroking it as I slid a second finger deep into her wet pussy.

Patty had not been idle, although she was being finger fucked and having her clit rubbed in public, she also had been playing with Sandy's pussy. Sandy like a lot of younger girls on a night out did not wear any panties under her very short dress. She said later she got turned on seeing the expressions on guys and girl's faces when thinking they are going to get peek at her panties see her smooth pussy instead. 

Wanting to taste her pussy juice in public I slid my fingers out of her wet pussy, I slid my hand up to my lips and rubbed the juice on my lips, coating them with her cream. Sandy's fingers had taken my place in Patty's pussy, and after coating my lips I offered my fingers to Sandy. She took them slowly and staring at Patrice the whole time proceeded to slowly lick her juices off of my fingers. Her mouth felt like hot butter as it surrounded my pussy soaked fingers. My cock got even harder while she was stroking it. It was time to get out of here but the girls had other ideas. After whispering into Patty's ear both she and Sandy got up to go to the ladies room.

As I watched the two gorgeous women walk towards the ladies room, I realized what a lucky guy I am. Here I am about to have two women at the same time, one who I am madly in love with, and another who I get to share with her. I am sure the sex with Sandy will be great, but that's all it will be she will just be there for the both of us to enjoy as Patty and I make love to each other. 

Patty and Sandy went into the ladies room, and of then gave each other a very deep kiss. Something both of them had wanted to do since they started touching each other at the table. Although there were a few women in the room they did not seem to care. Soon the rest of the woman left the room and quickly they slipped into the handicapped stall. Sandy just had to feel Patty's firm breasts and to her delight she felt the nipple rings that I always make her wear when she doesn't wear a bra. I like to know that the material of her shirt is rubbing her sensitive nipples the whole night while she dances and plays. She tells me that the feeling goes straight to her pussy. Sandy slipped her hands inside of Patty's shirt and taking the hard nipples between her fingers squeezed them hard, Patrice moaned into Sandy's mouth while they continued to kiss, her pussy now feeling the pleasure of her nipples being played with. Sandy then opened Patty's shirt and took the right nipple in her mouth and slipped her hand under her skirt, teasing her pussy through her soaked panties. Patty could not believe how good Sandy was making her feel, yes she had been with woman before but Sandy was touching her in a way that just felt so good. Then Sandy told Patty she was going to take her panties off. She knelt in front of her in the bathroom stall and lifted up the little skirt she was wearing. She moved her face right into Patty's soaked silky panties and kissed her through them, first softly, Patty could feel the gentle lips just brushing through her soaked panties, sending more feelings of pleasure though her whole body. Looking down Patty could see Sandy's lips just brushing her panty-covered pussy. Sandy then pulled the panties down and Patty stepped out of them, Sandy then buried her tongue in Patty's nice wet pussy, licking like a mad-woman trying to get as much of her juice on her tongue and in her mouth as possible. Patty just rested her hands on her head and guided Sandy around her pussy, just when Patty thought she would cum, Sandy stood up and gave Patrice a deep kiss sharing her pussy juice with her. Sandy then put Patty's panties between their lips and both of them licked the juices off the panties. Sandy then put the wet panties on and they went back out to see what I was up to.

I watched as the girls came back to the table and knew something had happened in the bathroom. I would find out in few seconds, when Patty and Sandy sat down, one on each side of me. Patrice gave me a deep kiss and of course I tasted pussy juice on her lips. I thought it was hers, because I had tasted the sweet honey many times before. Patty whispered that she wanted me to stroke her panties. So of course I slid my hand down and under her skirt and started stroking her.....naked pussy. Patty then whispered that the panties were now on Sandy so that is where my hand should be. While I stroked my wife's pussy with my left hand I slowly slid my hand up Sandy's skirt until I felt the smooth silk of Patrice's panties. My cock was rock hard, and Patty knew it, as she rested her hand on it, slowly running her hand back and forth over it teasing me while I teased them both. I leaned over and kissed Sandy on the lips, tasting my wife on them and continuing to stroke her pussy through her panties. I decided it was time to go and told Sandy that we would love to take her home and finish this the right way. Sandy moaned, saying she could hardly wait to get home with us. 

We left Sandy's car at the bar and I drove home with the Patty in the front seat and Sandy sitting right behind her. I started caressing Patty's pussy as soon as we got in the car, sliding my fingers in and out of her slick folds. I then took my fingers out and offered them to Sandy who licked and sucked every drop off of them. I could hardly wait to feel my cock sliding between those sexy lips and have her sucking me deeply into her mouth. I next told Patty to put her seat all the way back so Sandy could be in position to kiss her while I played with her. What a turn on it was to see my wife laying back in the car, playing with her pussy and watching a sexy redhead kissing her and playing with her exposed breasts. We were home in a few minutes and the girls had to get themselves together for the walk to the house, 

Once inside the house, I took control Patty is very submissive and loves it. I did not know if Sandy was, but tonight she would see what a submissive woman does for her man. I told them they were not to touch each other until I told them too. I brought them into the den and sat down in the middle of the couch. I then put on some sexy music and instructed them to dance with each other, as close as possible but not touching. Patty knows this very well and moved very close to Sandy, dancing very slowly and seductively. Sandy soon got the hang of it and both of them danced extremely close without touching. I next told them to stop, I now commanded Patty to strip Sandy, while I watched. 

Patty moved behind Sandy so she would not be in the way when stripping Sandy. While running her hands over Sandy's breasts Patty started kissing Sandy's neck, causing Sandy to let out a low moan. At the same time Sandy's breasts were finally exposed, a nice firm set with nice big nipples just begging to be sucked. Patty was still sucking on her neck wile running her hands over her breasts. She then started pulling on the hard nipples between her fingers, Sandy let out another low moan, turning her head to capture Patty's lips with hers. What an erotic sight watching two beautiful woman embracing, slowly kissing and caressing each other's bodies. My cock was as hard as it has ever been. Patty moved her hands down the sexy body in front of her, slowly unclasping the skirt that was the last piece of clothing she had on. I watched the skirt fall to the ground and licked my lips as Patty's black silk panties came into view, already glistening with her juices, that had soaked the through the little g-string 

Sandy now started to remove Patty's blouse kissing down the valley between her breasts, exposing Patty's nipple rings as she was doing so. I love to see Patty's hard nipples straining through her silky shirt, another reason I love the nipple rings, they keep her nipples hard and sensitive, and I know that the great feeling goes right to her pussy, keeping it nice and wet for me. Sandy now was slipping Patty's skirt down her hips, and now it lay at her feet. Sandy was now kneeling in front of Patty and since Sandy was wearing Patty's panties, Patty's smooth wet pussy came into view, only to be covered quickly by Sandy's mouth. Patty moaned and put her hands on Sandy's head, directing her to the most sensitive spot on her shaved, wet pussy. 

I told them now it was time to come over to me. Patty knows how I expect her to come to me, crawling on her hands and knees, and this time was no exception. She slid down Sandy's body so that they were kissing, sharing Patty's pussy juice that was coating Sandy's face. Patty was licking her pussy juice off Sandy's face like she does to me when I am done having her cum on my face. Patty loves the taste of pussy, whether it's hers or some other slut's juice that she licks off of my face. Now they were on their hands and knees kissing and licking each other's faces. Then Patty started to slowly crawl over to where I was sitting. She was staring at my hard cock as it stood straight up waiting to be engulfed by her hot mouth. I love watching her crawl toward my hard cock, even better I now got to watch two beautiful naked women crawling toward my cock.

Patty got there first, I was after all her master and she knew that as a submissive she was always ready to please me, she had my cock in her mouth and was lovingly sucking on it. Sandy was kneeling next to Patty caressing her breasts while she waited for her turn to suck my cock. I said one word "Share" and Patty slid her mouth off and started to lick my cock like a lollipop, this gave Sandy the opening that she needed to move her tongue onto my hard cock. If you have never had two women lick your cock at the same time, you don't know what you are missing. Watching their beautiful faces look up at you while their tongues and lips give pleasure to your cock is out of this world. I sat there watching and feeling them suck me for a few minutes then said the word "Kiss". With my cock between them they started to kiss around my cock, another incredible feeling. I was doing my best not to shoot cum all over their faces it was getting harder and harder not to. 

I next moved my cock out of their mouths while they continued to kiss, they were still on the floor and proceeded to now lie down on the carpet kissing and caressing each other. I took this moment to pick up a camera that was on the table and took a few pictures of them as they moved into a 69 position with Patty on the bottom. Patty knows that when the girl we will be seducing wants to get in that position she is always on the bottom. This gives me easy access to the new pussy I will be fucking momentarily. There is nothing sexier than watching two beautiful women licking each others pussies, I took the pictures and set the camera down then knelt down behind Sandy. I watched for a moment while Patty licked and sucked her shaved wet pussy, I then pushed my head right into the action, licking and sharing Sandy's pussy with Patty. I could hear the muffled moans coming from Sandy while she was licking Patty's pussy. I slid my tongue along her pussy and up to her clenched butt hole. As I licked and slid my tongue along it she started to moan louder and louder, then I felt the first contractions of a serious orgasm. Two mouths on her and she was quivering and moaning in pure pleasure, and it was still early! While she was coming down Patty was still licking her slowly, making sure she got all the pussy juice that was flowing out of that sweet young pussy.

Patty stayed under Sandy while I moved into position to slide my hard cock into that waiting pussy. I told Patty to suck me and get me nice and wet before I took the pussy in front of me. Patty looked at me with such lust in her eyes, yes she had just eaten a hot young pussy to Cumming in her mouth and now she was sucking on the hard cock that was going to be sliding in and out of that pussy right in front of her face. Sandy was starting to come back around as Patty started to moan around my cock as Sandy started to lick her again with a vengeance.

It was time to slide my rock hard cock into Sandy's pussy. I slid my cock out of Patty's mouth and she moved her tongue and lips right back to Sandy's pussy. She kept a hand on my cock and put the head right into the entrance of Sandy's wet young pussy. I slid slowly into her pussy, not wanting to hurt her by jamming my cock in like some teenager. I slowly slid the length of my cock all the way in, her pussy feeling like hot silk as it wrapped around my cock. I finally slid all the way in and just held it there enjoying the tightness that surrounded my cock. I started to slowly fuck her, moving my cock back and forth savoring the tightness that grabbed onto my cock and would not let go. As I moved my cock in and out Patty would lick and suck the juice off of my cock, making my cock feel even better. The girls were still eating each other and now it was Patty who had a trembling orgasm, she was moaning and licking both Sandy's pussy and my cock at the same time. I love the feeling of my wife's tongue on my cock and balls while it is buried in another woman's pussy! Patty slowed her licking down while she was recovering from her orgasm, so I started to pick up the pace fucking Sandy. Patty's slow licks on her pussy and my fast and hard pounding of her pussy sent Sandy off again and she had her second orgasm of the night.

I could feel my cock start to swell and get ready to release my load of cum, so I slowed down and controlled it, I did not want to cum yet, the feeling was to good to give up and I just wanted to enjoy it as long as I could.

Patty was still slowly licking Sandy and I from below, I slid my cock out of Sandy's pussy for the moment and let Patty clean all the pussy juice off of it. We were still on the living room floor and I told the girls to move to the bedroom so we would be more comfortable.

I told the girls to lie side by side on the bed and kiss; I took a few more pictures of them kissing, and then moved in between Sandy's legs and up to her clean shaven pussy. The girls were locked in an intense kiss, caressing each others breasts while doing so. I lightly licked Sandy's pussy, savoring the flavor that I tasted there. I slowly licked all around until I descended on her hard clit; I rolled my tongue back and forth across it slowly hearing her moan as she kissed Patty. I slid one then two fingers into her wetness, pumping her like a cock while I licked her. I told Patty to 'suck my cock like the slut you are' and moments later I felt her warm mouth engulf my hard cock. Patty had moved her head down to my cock by sliding around, and leaving her pussy close enough for Sandy to bury her tongue in. The sounds that were heard for the next couple of minutes were moans and slurping and sighs of contentment.
