 Chapter 3

Exploring

As soon as our bodies settled on the sofa, the Lady pushed me backward until I was lying under her. Her Lover was kneeling beside us and was taking my fingers into his mouth, licking and sucking his Lady's juices from my skin. The Lady pushed her jeans-covered thigh tightly against my almost nude crotch. She leaned down to kiss me deeply, her tongue exploring my mouth. Her fingers pinched and rolled my stiff nipples, and when she gave one a quick twist, my breath caught in my throat. My back arched and my hips rose. I felt her thigh between my legs and strained to rub myself on her.

"Mmm." She lifted her head and purred. "I think I like that. Let's see if I can make you do it again."

She paused long enough to lift her body to allow her Lover to slide her jeans and panties over her hips. When he'd finished, she twisted my other nipple, and smiled when my body responded. Pleased with my body's reactions to her touch, she shifted her body and used both hands to squeeze my breasts and twist my nipples. I writhed under her, my back arching, offering my body to her. I reached up and took her breasts in my hands, kneading and squeezing them, encouraging her to keep doing what she was doing to me.

I felt her body shift slightly, and then I felt her Lover's hand slide between her legs. She moaned into my mouth as he began working his fingers between her pussy lips. I felt her hips moving, encouraging him to explore further.

Before long, I felt her weight shift again as she spread her legs. "Put it in me." She moaned. "Fuck me."

The weight on top of me increased as he entered her, his hands resting on the sofa by my head. She gripped my tits firmly, leaning on them as he pushed himself deeper into her body. I reached up to touch his chest as he leaned over us but he stopped me, took my hands in his and pinned them firmly over my head.

My arousal went into overdrive. I was essentially helpless as I lay there under them; the Lady's thigh still between my leg, her Lover's weight pressing her tighter against me, my hands pinned near my head. The Lady's thigh rubbed rhythmically against my clit with her Lover's every thrust -- the faster he pumped into her, the faster her thigh rubbed against me, the harder he drove himself into her, the harder her leg crushed my clit. I was in heaven. My body writhed and trembled as my hips rose up and down as I mindlessly humped her leg. 

The air was filled with moans as the three of us drew closer and closer to orgasm. The Lady squeezed my breasts mercilessly as her Lover slammed his cock deep inside her. Her fingers digging into my flesh caused my own moans to become soft cries of pain-laced pleasure and her Lover grunted loudly as his need became more urgent.

I writhed beneath their bodies; the movement of my hips as I humped the Lady's leg grew frenzied. Her Lover's thrusts intensified as he drove deeper, harder and faster. The Lady's body trembled as she met him thrust for thrust. 

The orgasms, when they overtook us, were overwhelmingly powerful. Our hearts pounded, our bodies shook and trembled, our voices cried out in ecstasy before we collapsed, spent, in a tangle of bodies, panting and breathless.

The Lady was the first to recover. "Amazing." She said softly, as she dragged her fingertips lightly over my heaving chest. "For someone who claims that her behavior in the bar wasn't her norm, you certainly seemed to enjoy the results."

I blushed fiercely, unable to reply.

Her Lover's fingers joined hers as they lightly explored my body. "I think she misspoke." He said with a grin. "I think maybe she's a secret slut."

"No! I... I..." I stuttered. "I'm not a slut! I don't know what got into me!"

"Oh, but I think you do." The Lady chuckled huskily as she wrapped her fingers in my hair and gently tugged my head back to look in my eyes. "I think you're wishing you could suck my cum off my Lover's cock. Am I right?"

"I... no. I... " I had no words. She was right. I had actually been wishing I were on my knees cleaning her juices from his cock, but I couldn't make myself admit it to these virtual strangers despite the fact that I was lying in a tangle of bodies with them.

She laid back, parted her legs and spoke to her Lover. "Show her what a good cum slut does, dearest." 

With only a low moan, her Lover lowered himself to his knees between her widespread legs and began lapping up his own cum as it oozed from her pussy. 

"Mmm. Very good." She told him before turning her gaze to me, once more. "Now you. Suck my cum from his cock and if you get it hard again, maybe I'll let him fuck you."

I pondered this for only a moment before lowering myself to the floor in front of him, knowing, as I did, that in obeying her directive, I was proving, beyond a shadow of a doubt, not only that I was a slut, but that I was a submissive slut and hers to command. 

Accepting my own unspoken admission, unsure of how this night would end, I uttered a soft sigh as I opened my mouth to take his softening cock between my lips.