 Author's Note: This is a story about infidelity. Everyone in this story is married. I say that upfront because in the past many readers have criticized any story I wrote involving married women. If infidelity offends you then I recommend that you not read this story.

PRELUDE 

Kelly Bridges and I were in a vacant horse stall at boarding stables where I boarded three horses. Kelly was kneeling over several bales of hay that were covered with a blanket. Her riding pants and panties were pulled down to her knees and I knelt behind her with my fairly impressive cock in her ass. We were so engrossed in our sex act that we never heard anyone around us until a voice spoke out.

"Well, well, well, what have we here?" a female voice seemed to echo through the lower stables.

It was Shannon Folger who was daughter of Crystal and Vance Folger owners of the property. Shannon was the oldest daughter and had been married for three years. My wife and I had been guests at her wedding. Shannon was a pretty girl of 28 years. She had long brown hair and she had a slim but shapely figure. Kelly was more a full bodied woman with a knockout 35-23-36 figure. Kelly and I were both stunned by Shannon's presence and we froze when we heard her voice. 

"Oh don't stop fucking on my account. Go on and enjoy each other," Shannon said with a chuckle.

Shannon then noticed that my cock was in Kelly's ass and she said enthusiastically, "Oh wow, you're in her ass. That's great! Kelly you have a beautiful ass and you should have a cock in it."

Shannon then entered the stall and knelt down beside us. She caressed Kelly's naked buttocks which caused Kelly to panic. "Don't do that Shannon, please don't."

"Don't go shy on me, not when you have a cock in your ass," Shannon snapped and then said, "Let's get you more comfortable. You don't need those tight wires around your tits."

Shannon then pulled Kelly's blouse up and unfastened her bra. Kelly's beautiful breasts tumbled out and Shannon caught them in her hands. Shannon caressed the shapely firm breasts and tweaked Kelly's stiff nipples.

"Oh man you have great tits. I always wondered what they would look like naked and your nipples are to die for," Shannon said as she ducked her head down and took a nipple in her mouth.

"Noooo!" Kelly hissed pleadingly. 

I had stopped to watch Shannon and then she yelled at me, "Keep fucking her, but don't cum in her ass. I want to see you shoot and cum on her."

I was seeing a side of Shannon that I never knew existed. I had always viewed her as the sophisticated daughter of a wealthy family. At age 28 Shannon was a financial advisor who worked in her father's investment banking firm. She had been married three years now to Bjorn a Swedish guy she had met in college. I was now getting into the threesome opportunity as I was no stranger to group sex so I resumed fucking Kelly in her hot ass.

Shannon continued to fondle Kelly's tits and buttocks as I fucked her. Kelly was getting turned on but I could see that she was struggling with the threesome and being touched by another woman. I felt my testicles tighten up and I knew that I would cum at any moment. Remembering what Shannon had said, I pulled my cock from Kelly's ass and shot my wad at her anus and on her buttocks. It was the first time that I had ever cum on Kelly. All the other times I would cum in her mouth, pussy or ass. Shannon watched as my seed splattered on Kelly's ass and then she took my 7+" cock in her hand.

"This is nice. I didn't know you were this big," Shannon said as she stroked my cock and then to Kelly she said, "You do a good job taking this in your ass."

Shannon used my cock to scoop up some semen on Kelly's buttocks and then guided it back into Kelly's ass. The whole act was an incredible turn on and my cock stayed hard. At 43 years old I was usually able to cum two times when I was with Kelly but I always required a break in between ejaculations. I didn't expect to cum again too soon but I was able to remain hard particularly with my cock in Kelly's incredibly beautiful ass.

"Walt, I want you to sit on the hay bales," Shannon directed.

I pulled out of Kelly's ass and sat on the bales of hay covered with the blanket. Shannon had Kelly sit on my cock with her back to me. Shannon guided my cock back into Kelly's ass and I reached around and held on to Kelly's great tits. Shannon then got in front of Kelly and knelt down in front of her. Shannon fingered Kelly's pussy briefly and then she lowered her mouth to Kelly's cunt.

"Oh my God, noooo!" Kelly cried out, "Please noooo!"

But Shannon ignored Kelly's pleas as she sought out Kelly's clit. I continued to move under Kelly driving my cock up into her ass. Kelly was whimpering as she was fucked and sucked. Then Shannon got up and knelt along side of Kelly. Shannon then stuck two fingers in Kelly's pussy and began to finger fuck her. I could feel the fingers along side my cock through the thin membrane and it was an incredible feeling. Shannon then leaned in and began sucking Kelly's tit and nipple and soon Kelly was thrashing about on my dick in her ass.

Kelly groaned and moaned as her body took over and then she cried out as an intense orgasm rocked her. She covered her mouth with her arm to muffle her screams and I felt her sphincter contract around my shaft as she climaxed. Shannon was relentless as she fingered Kelly's pussy rapidly causing Kelly to nearly faint. Kelly leaned back into me as her entire body seemed to go limp. Then Shannon put her pussy soaked fingers in Kelly's mouth.

"Here taste your pussy," Shannon told her.

Shannon then stood up and stripped naked. I looked at her slim body and liked what I saw as she all the bumps in the right places. She had cute firm titties, narrow waist, shapely legs and a curvy ass.

"You two get up now and let me sit on the hay," she ordered.

A weak Kelly managed to get up with my help and my stiff cock slipped from her ass. Shannon then grabbed Kelly by her long hair and forced her to her knees. "Now that you have tasted your own pussy, I want you to taste mine," Shannon commanded.

"No, I can't, I won't do that," Kelly replied with her voice cracking.

"Oh yes you will or your husband will learn what a slut you are. What do you think he would say if he knew that you were in a horse stall getting your ass fucked?" Shannon threatened and then said firmly, "Now get your mouth down there and eat my pussy."

Kelly's head was pulled toward Shannon's pussy and reluctantly Kelly began to lick at Shannon's cunt. "That's it get your tongue in there. Suck my clit and finger my pussy," Shannon directed and then told me, "Put your cock back in her ass."

I moved back behind Kelly and eased my cock back into her ass. It was an incredible turn on to see Kelly with my cock in her ass as she ate Shannon's cute pussy. The three of us stayed in that position until Shannon orgasmed drenching Kelly's face and I came in Kelly's ass. Then the three of us slowly separated and got dressed. Kelly was humiliated but I was thrilled that things had worked out the way they did. Shannon was obviously pleased that she had stumbled on to us and discovered us fucking in the stall.

"We will need to make arrangements to get together again but somewhere else besides a horse stall," Shannon said in a sarcastic tone, "Any suggestions?" she asked.

"There is the romantic interlude over on Higgins Street. Kelly and I have been there several times," I offered.

"Perfect, set it up and call me with the date and time," Shannon said and then she left the horse stall.

Kelly and I walked out of the stall and I could see that she was still badly shaken. I offered to take her out for a drink but she declined saying that she needed a bath. Kelly and I then left the property and drove to our own homes. It had been quite an afternoon and now I knew that Shannon was a player and I looked forward to fucking her. 

HOW IT STARTED WITH KELLY AND ME

My son and daughter were in college. My son was in his junior year and my daughter was a freshman. She had been accepted at an equestrian college in the Midwest. We had three horses boarded at the Folger's Stables about five miles from our home. My daughter had been riding competitively since she was 12 years old. The past few years she was riding both Western and English. The three horses were used for barrel racing, Western and English showmanship and dressage. My daughter needed to complete her freshman year before she could bring any horses to school and board them there. She had decided to keep the American Quarter Horse that was a barrel racer and the Arab that was used for equitation. The other Quarter Horse she would sell. So we had the one horse for sale but received hardly any inquiries which meant that I was still paying board, $200 per horse per month. 

I was an executive with a multinational firm and we lived very comfortably. Still if I could off load the one horse I would be saving $2,400 a year. Boarding three horses and paying for two college educations with a wife who didn't work was an expensive proposition. One day I was shopping in the local men's store in town owned by Dave and Kelly Bridges. Dave was not around but Kelly was there and she looked as good as ever. Kelly was 33 years old and she had a knock out figure. She was also quite the tease and I often wondered if she fooled around.

I did fool around and I had been doing so for years. Mostly it was when I was traveling but recently my admin assistant Cathleen and I were having an affair. Cathleen was 36 years old and although she wasn't as pretty as she thought she was, she was still attractive. She had very small tits but she had a firm body and kept fit going to aerobics three times a week. Her best asset was her ass and I was fortunate that she loved anal sex which was my favorite. My wife was never into anal or oral sex so our lives were fairly uneventful sexually.

The day I was in the store I was picking out some dress shirts and ties. Kelly seemed to hang around me more than usual and I felt that I probably could have come onto her but I chose not to. She had told me on more than one occasion how impressed she was with my fitness at age 43. I was fit and I worked at it. I was 6'0" tall, weighed 190 pounds with very little body fat. The thing that Kelly did not know at the time was that I possessed a larger than average cock that was 7+" long and about 5" around. All the women I had been with seemed to like that size cock. Cathleen was no exception and it seemed that she couldn't get enough of it.

My conversation with Kelly shifted to cost of having kids in college and boarding three horses. Kelly said that she loved to ride and that she had been very active in 4H. I told her that she should buy the one horse we had for sale. "I would love to but I can't afford it and Dave would never let me have one," she told me.

"How about leasing the horse? I'll spilt the board with you so that it will only cost you $100 a month. Then if you decided to buy the horse later, I'll apply 50% of everything you paid toward the purchase price of $2,000," I offered.

"That's really tempting but I'll have to discuss it with Dave," she replied excitedly.

"I will still handle the vet fees but for all practical purpose you would treat the horse as if it were your own," I added.

"Wow, I think that I will be able to convince him. At least I hope so," she gushed.

"Well just let me know," I concluded and then paid for my shirts and ties.

I left the store and headed home as it was Monday night and I would be watching football while my wife was at some bridge club. I never thought that the conversation with Kelly would amount to anything and I certainly never expected to have sex with her. Later that evening Kelly called and told me that she was going to lease the horse on a trail basis. She was thrilled and she couldn't wait to get started. I told her that she could begin riding the horse immediately and that she could begin her payments on the first of the following month.

I arranged to meet Kelly at the stables the next evening and get her set up. She would need to know where the tack was kept and the combination for the lock. She would also have to sign liability disclaimer papers with the Folgers. The next evening went smoothly and Kelly was ready to get started. She planned to ride the next Sunday and spend the day at the stables. The store was closed on Sunday and Dave always watched football with his dad. I told Kelly that she could drop off the next month's payment on October 1st and that the rest of September was gratis as we had agreed.

As it turned out October 1st was a Monday so my wife was at her bridge club. I was working out before the Monday night football game started. I was enrolled in a black belt karate program so I always wore my uniform when I worked out. During my workout the doorbell rang and I was annoyed to be interrupted. However my attitude changed when I saw it was Kelly. She had stopped by to drop off the October payment. 

"Come on in, I was just getting a workout in before the game started," I offered.

Kelly stepped in and I looked at her quickly. She was wearing a short leather jacket that ended at her waist and she had on tight tan slacks and leather boots. She looked stunning and her ass looked incredible. She turned and smiled at me and reached for my karate belt.

"A black belt huh," she said sexily grabbing one end of the belt.

"Be careful, if that comes undone I will have to undo your belt too," I told her jokingly.

"Oh I thought that you were going to tell me that I would see something that I shouldn't," she teased.

"Well that's possible too, although whether or not you should see it is up to you," I teased back.

I looked in to her eyes and I was sure that I saw the hunger in them. I took a hold of Kelly's belt and pulled her toward me. She was startled but she didn't resist so I took her in my arms and kissed her. Again she didn't resist so I let my tongue slip into her mouth and she responded by pushing her tongue in my mouth. We kissed for several moments and I held her tight in my arms. I could feel her firm tits pressing into my chest and I moved so that her thigh rubbed against my erect cock. I dropped my hands and grabbed her shapely buttocks through her slacks and she groaned into my mouth. When we broke the kiss Kelly was breathing hard.

"Where's Mary?" she managed to ask.

"She's at her bridge club and she won't be home for hours," I told her and then I kissed her again. 

It wasn't a good idea to have sex in the family room so I led Kelly upstairs to the guest room. I told her if we were interrupted that she could go into the guest bathroom. She seemed comfortable with that and then we both took off our clothes in record time. Of course mine was easy since it was just the karate uniform and my underwear. Kelly seemed shy as she got on the bed and lay on her back. Her hands covered her breasts but her pussy was very visible. She had a neat tuft of light brown hair just above her pussy that matched the color on her head. I moved my head toward her pussy but she let go of her breasts and held my head in her hands. I tickled her outer lips with my fingers and then let them slip inside her vagina. 

Kelly was so wet that two of my fingers slid in easily and she unconsciously relaxed her grip on my head. I moved my mouth toward her and closed over her pussy shoving my tongue into her wetness. Kelly cried out and grabbed my head again but this time she held it tight to her quim. I lapped at her pussy as I fingered her with two fingers. Then I spread her pussy lips apart and located her throbbing clit peeking out from its protective hood. Kelly was really excited as her erect clit stuck out as if seeking attention. I sucked on her hard clit and she bucked her hips up into my face. I reached under her and cupped her shapely ass cheeks in my hands as I drove into her pussy with my tongue and nibbled on her clit.

"Oh, oh, I'm cumming. Hold me, please hold tight," she screamed as she lost it.

The climax rocked her body and I held on for dear life as she thrashed, twisted and bucked all over the bed. I kept right on eating her pussy and I held onto her shapely ass as she thrashed about. Kelly slowly calmed after her intense orgasm and I continued to lick her until her pussy was dry. As we lay on the bed I continued to lick and kiss her bare thighs as she ran her hands through my hair.

"Oh that was something I really came hard. Thank you, thank you!" she murmured.

I moved between her thighs and placed my cock at the entrance to her cunt. She shivered in anticipation. I eased her back down on the bed and proceeded to feed my thick cock to her. 

"Oh we shouldn't do this, it's not right and then oh yes, oh it feels so good, oh, oh, fuck me, yes fuck", she cried. 

I slid in and out of her pussy slowly allowing her to adjust to my cock and continued to go deeper with each thrust until I was buried balls deep in her pussy. 

"Oh my I feel so full of cock, fuck me, make me cum, make it last forever", she cried out.

I pounded her pussy making sure that my cock was in constant contact with her clit. Kelly had multiple orgasms as I fucked her. She had small pretty firm tits with rock hard nipples that extended a ½ inch. I twirled the nipples in my fingers and then leaned over taking one then the other in my mouth. 

She went wild telling me. "Oh yes, suck my tits, suck my nipples, fuck me good!" 

I could feel my balls start to tighten and I knew it wouldn't be long before I filled her pussy with my cum. Kelly stiffened and then had another violent orgasm.

She yelled, "Hold me, please hold me, I'm cummmming!" 

I reached around behind her and pulled her toward me as she shook and trembled throughout her intense orgasm. As she was cumming so did I and I fired a load of cum into her pussy. As she started to recover I laid her back down on the bed and slowly fucked her as my cock softened. My cock was swimming in her cunt mingling with her own juices.

"Are you okay, Kelly?" I asked her. 

She smiled at me and said, "My God, I don't remember cumming like that in my life." 

She looked down at my soft cock and took it in her hand, "You are big," she said as she stroked my cock to hardness again.

"I'm not that big but I'm happy with my size," I told her.

Kelly smiled at me and replied, "You should be, I'm happy with it."

She held her arms open to me welcoming me between her legs again. I crawled between her legs and slipped my hard cock back in her pussy. I never wanted this to end and I wanted to fuck this hot woman all night. I fucked Kelly as long as I could before she begged me to let her rest. She had multiple orgasms and the final one was so violent she nearly bucked me off her body. 

Then she collapsed and cried out. "Please stop, I have to rest. I have never been fucked so thoroughly in a long time. I want this to go on forever but I need a rest. I am not sure I can cum any more tonight."

"I'll bet that you can but let me massage your body for you," I told her.

Kelly smiled as I retrieved a bottle of body oil. She crawled back on her bed and lay face down. I admired her shapely ass and I wondered if she would let me fuck her there. I wanted to save her ass for later though so I told her to turn over on her back. 

"Front first," I said as I rolled her over.

I started at her feet and worked my way her legs and thighs but I did not touch her pussy. Then I moved my hands up to tits and twirled her delicious nubs in my fingers. I worked my hands back down her torso and this time I touched her pussy and fingered her gently as well. I located her clit again and rolled it in my oily fingers emitting a short gasp from her. Kelly seemed to have another small orgasm just from being touched.
