 Chapter 1: Darkness

Darkness greets your eyes as you walk into the room. The text you got 20 minutes ago from me only said, "Room 232, key at front desk, HURRY!"

Your eyes are still adjusting to the lack of light when you are quickly spun around, facing the inside of the door, and pressed against the door so quickly it makes the door slam. A man's strong body is pressed against your back and ass and his hand cups your mouth suppressing your vocal surprise.

You relax as you hear my voice in your ear. "It's me, baby. I'm glad you're here, even if you ARE a little late and must be punished for making me wait..." You struggle a little but the element of surprise has me in the driver's seat. I already have your arms behind your back and my hand is firmly holding them behind you. A quick move and they are secured tightly behind you and you are relieved of the burden of resisting, at least via your arms. Still, you try to push me a way a bit by reaching back to the extent that you can, or maybe you're just trying to reach for my cock. Regardless, I angle myself so that you cannot reach me.

My hands remain on the base of your neck so I can still control your movements. You feel my lips against your ear again and I whisper, "This will be so much more enjoyable for you if you just relax and let it happen..." and your body hears me but your mind is yet willful. Your body slumps & relaxes slightly, momentarily, but you soon are stiff again and struggling against me. Funny thing is, you don't yet realize that your struggling only arouses me more and deepens my conviction to make you my sex toy and do with you as I please. With each movement of resistance, you feel more of my weight pressing you against the door.

Chapter 2: Control

Your struggles continue but I press myself against you and force you into the door. Your hands are bound tightly at your wrist with something that you can tell is very tight but you don't recognize and I slipped it on so quickly you know I had been planning this. My legs are planted between yours, spreading yours slightly and taking away any leverage you might gain through those awesome legs of yours.

Your face is turned to the right and as I try to kiss your cheek you turn it to the left. "Aahhh," I say. "That's my good little willful bitch. Keep it up!" at which you feel me grind my growing cock against your ass. You push back ever so slightly but then stop, trying to maintain control.

All through your struggles, I have managed to slip a blindfold over your head and finally slip it over your eyes. I tighten it tight enough so that you know it's not coming off. Now, it's serious. You can't get your hands free and while you could still run, there's no way for you to see where you're going. I grab you by your arms quickly and the loss of sight affects your sense of balance and you quickly lose your bearings. Did I spin you around 180 or 270 degrees? Which direction in the room are you now facing? Is there one or two beds? And what is that smell? It's not the usual musty smell we encounter, and it's not all me. It's a pleasing scent, but you cannot place it. Your widening nostrils tell me you are trying to engage your other senses. "It's a candle, " I say, and you feel the warmth of the flame as I move it closer to you and you get the scent of it.

"Come with me," you hear me command, and I grab the front of your jeans and lead you into the room more. Three steps, 4 steps, more steps. "Stop here," and I stop pulling at your jeans. I turn you 180ยบ and slowly push you back. Just as you lose your balance and begin to fall you feel the chair catching you. You wince slightly as your arms catch your fall behind you. Before you can get too comfortable in the chair, you feel me securing your legs to the open arms on either side of the chair.

You feel me close to you, reaching behind you to undo your arms and help ease your posture. As you feel me close, you reach with your neck and mouth and bite me out of instinct. Not knowing what you get, you realize you got the side of my neck. I back away and slap your face. "Stop!" I say. "I'm trying to make you more comfortable. There's no need for THAT!" The sting of my hand on your face leaves a slight redness. The sting remains and we both revel in the intensity of the exchange. My neck throbs with where you bit me and I reach a hand up to feel indentations from your teeth. I lean in closer to you, holding your mouth by your jaw for safety this time, and release your arms from behind you.

Before you can get too comfortable with your hands free, I quickly tie them to the arms of your chair as well. There you sit, arms and legs both restrained, sight taken, and still slightly disoriented....

Chapter 3: Arousal

You feel my breath on your neck behind you as I kneel behind your chair. Softly I take your hair into my hand and stroke it gently. I lean in and whisper into your ear. "Tonight is a night you will never forget, baby. Just trust in me and I'll take you where you've never been before." I then ask you if you remember our "Safe" word, and you smile and say, "Hershey's Kiss!"

Not being able to see your eyes makes it easier for me to put aside that tenderness and slip back into the dominant role. My hand is still in your hair, and I grab a handful of it and pull it back firmly, tilting your neck back over the back of the chair. The quick action makes your mouth open up and my lips are upon yours immediately in one move. You try to resist the kiss but you realize you're helpless. You give in a bit to the arousal my kiss creates and just as you're getting into the kiss, I stop it, leaving us both yearning for more.

Back behind you again, you hear my voice as I lean into your ear and tell you how much I want to let my tongue travel down your neck, over your hard nipples, and to your pussy to taste you. How badly I want to reward you with my touch and oral attention, but you were late and so you must be punished. Whatever should I do to punish you? I decide that I should continue to tell you what I want to do, but make you wait for it. I continue to whisper in your ear how hard my cock is and how badly I want to feel your delicious pussy lips wrapped around it. I reach into my pants, stroking my hard cock and getting my finger coated with my pre-cum. You feel my wet salty finger graze your lips and your tongue instinctively comes out to taste my pre-cum off my finger. Your mouth shows a smile as you savor the taste.

Your smile prompts me to remove my finger quickly and remind you that this is not about your pleasure... it is about mine.

Chapter 4: Force

Disappointment paints your face as I remove my finger from your mouth. Your tongue and lips follow it and you crane your head forward to try to savor the taste of my precum yet a bit longer on my finger but I remove it from your reach.

"You have too many clothes on," I remark to you. You smirk, as you and I both realize at the same time that I have tied you up before I disrobed you. What you can't see is the fact that I am smirking too, this is not a problem at all. "Bitch, do you think I care about these clothes? You should have thought ahead to bring some clothes to wear home!" I continue to talk and as I lecture you on the pragmatic talents of always being prepared, you feel a knife cut the neck of your shirt and it is ripped open to the hem, exposing your hot little polka-dot bra. "THis bra is cute," I say, "we'll try to save it for future usage." I instruct you to lean forward so I can unhook your bra and work it off you without untying you or destroying your bra. You laugh and say, "Fuck you! You should have thought about this before you tied me up!"

I laugh louder and say, "Suit yourself, bitch!" and you hear a snip, snip, as I cut the shoulder straps of your bra and then rip it off you from the front, ripping the hooks in back, pulling you almost off the chair and then making you slam back into the back of the chair.

Now that you see I mean business, you cry out, "These are my FAVORITE jeans, mother fucker!" True, they are. And they have so many memories in them, even of us already. And I do so love the way your ass looks in them. Hmmm, decisions, decisions. "Promise to be good?" "Yes," you whimper, and there is a submissive tone to your voice that tells me you will be. I gently release the bonds on both your legs and slip your jeans off you. The scent of your arousal greets me as your pants come off you and your pussy is not longer held hostage by the denim. You hear me taking a deep breath as hold the crotch of your jeans up to my nose and inhale the scent of your pussy. You hear me do it once, twice more in succession. I tie your legs back up and you ask me what I planned to do about your panties. A quick tug and they are ripped off you. "Any more questions?" I ask.

You hear me step back, and you can feel my eyes observing you. "You look good," I say. "Spread your legs for me a little." As your legs are restricted by the arms of the chair, to the degree that you can, you slide down a bit to open up your hips. I keep talking to you, you can feel the heat of my desire, and you feel my fingers spreading your pussy open to feel your wetness. "So delicious," I say, and you hear what sounds like my lips licking my fingers, then you feel my fingers in you again and this time I offer you a taste of yourself... still the fingers of my other hand are teasing your pussy while you taste yourself on the fingers I offer you.

Chapter 5: Help

By the way you are devouring my fingers, I can tell you are trying to sate your oral needs on them. I continue to talk to you, my voice from above you, telling you how sexy and hot you look, how well you are behaving and how you'll be rewarded if you continue to behave and trust that I know what's best for you.

You feel me straddle you and you feel the tip of my cock against your lips. Instinctively you open your mouth to take in the head of my cock.

You notice that my fingers have not stopped playing with your pussy.

Then you feel my hands on both sides of your head - and still fingers inside your pussy.

Wait...

I can see the realization come over your face, even with the blindfold covering your eyes I can see the surprise on your face.

The fingers... in your pussy... feel decidedly small and feminine. The cock in your mouth... is nice, and comparable to mine, but tastes different. And you suddenly feel my hands in your hair from behind you and hear my voice from behind you. "so..." I say, "How do you like me NOW?" I ask you. Your mouth is too full of cock for you to really answer me but your moans tell the tale of a happy woman.

"Fuck her face!" I tell the male stranger, and he proceeds to push more of his cock into your mouth. "She tastes delicious," you hear me say to the woman who is fingering you, and she begins to kiss her way up the insides of your thighs so she can taste your pussy while her partner is fucking your mouth.

I pull your hair to tilt your head and open your throat for better penetration by him. He indulges and pushes a bit more of his cock into your throat. You begin to gag a bit and I help by pinching your nose slightly, cutting off your air. Just as you start to cough I release and you inhale deeply.

The woman between your legs has eaten pussy before, as she is diving in and exploring you like only an experienced bi woman can. She parts the petals of your pussy lips to dive inside, then you feel me spread your lips open and expose your clit for her tongue. Her partner continues to fuck your mouth. Every so often she lifts her head up and licks his balls and ass from behind, then returns to your pussy.

Your nipples seem like they are harder than I have ever seen them, and your pussy juice is literally running down your thighs. I can tell you are aroused like never before at this combination of being serviced while you are taken advantage of orally.

My hands are exploring your nipples, pinching them, running down to help her with your pussy, and occasionally coming up to touch your sweet face. My hands move from you and you wonder where I am going as you hear me rising to my feet...

Chapter 6: Mystery

You can tell that I am moving from kneeling by your chair and caressing you with my hands but you can't tell where I'm moving too. The man is still fucking your mouth and you can feel his cock growing harder as he enjoys your incredible oral talents. If only I could trust you to free your hands, he would enjoy your mouth and hands so much better and I know you'd love to feel his thick cock in your hands too. "Do you want one of your hands freed, baby?" I ask, and you mumble "mmmm hmmmm" through his cock and the saliva dripping out of your mouth. I free your right hand so that you may play with his cock, his balls, his ass while he fucks your mouth. You reach to play with his ass and you feel the woman's lips join your fingers and she licks your fingers and his ass at the same time.

I am incredibly aroused at this point, watching as these two sexy people please and use you.

You hear me continue to move and then you hear the woman moan deeply as she continues to eat you. Then a moan is stifled as she presses her face deeply against your pussy. She exhales and her face is now rhythmically being pressed into your pussy. You recognize the moans and the rhythm as being driven by me fucking her from behind as she continues to eat you. Her hands and nails begin to dig into your thighs as my cock fills her delicious pussy. "Baby, you're going to want to taste her, she has an amazing pussy..." I say. I continue to fuck her and you feel her lift her head and moan as my cock, deep in her pussy, pushes her over the edge for a quick little orgasm. The effect on you is amazing, your hips start pushing toward her and her lips and tongue and the cock in your mouth push you over the edge as well.

The man pulls out of your mouth so you can catch your breath. I can tell your jaw is beginning to tire. He moves off of you and I replace him, and you can taste her delicious pussy on my cock. I let you take what you will of my cock, letting you relax your jaw for a while.

Suddenly you feel his more masculine hands on your pussy lips, and he eases his cock inside your amazing pussy. I see the look on his face and I see how I must look when I am inside you. He is a happy man!

I move off of you and enjoy the scene as you enjoy his cock entering your pussy. You hear the camera snapping and you know I must be recording the event for us to enjoy later. Soon you feel her smooth legs straddling you and the cheeks of her ass are against your face. She bends over and you can taste my cock in her smooth pussy yet. You begin to repay the favor to her by licking her pussy, and you feel my fingers meet your tongue as I begin to finger her pussy from the front. A cock in your pussy, a pussy in your face, you're in absolute heaven as the man begins to grind in you deeply, you pushing back to get all of his cock inside you. Both you and her seem to be moving towards a mutual simultaneous climax and the man and I work to make that happen. For me to see such a sight is an amazing fantasy come true. Too incredibly sexy women into each other and cumming at the same time... I am aroused beyond words. You feel his hard cock pushing deeper inside you and your moans as you cum push her over the edge as well. Your orgasm is erotic, your legs tremble and your abs begin to undulate your hips against his cock. Her legs are shaking as she throws her head back, arching her back and moaning out loud.

You feel his cock begin to grow slightly harder and you know he is about to cum. He pulls out of you and you feel his hot cum squirting on your abs and above your pussy. His moans are incredible, he shoots up to your tits with a couple spurts. She is pinching your nipples and she drives you over the edge again as he cums all over your abs.

You instinctively begin to rub his cum all over your skin and you feel her mouth begin to lick if off of you. Your fingers and her tongue play together with his tongue as she laps some up, then moves up to kiss you so you can taste his cum together. The scene is unbelievable to me and you hear me say, "Baby, I am so fucking hot... you're about to get fucked like never before..."

She continues to clean you up and kiss you with the taste of his cum on her lips, sharing it with you, as I kneel between your legs and ease my hard cock inside of you. You are wetter than I have ever felt you before. She frees your other hand and I free your legs so we can move together unrestricted. Your hips start to match my rhythm as I drive my cock into you, harder and harder. You start to build toward another orgasm and I am getting closer myself. I want to see your eyes as you cum so I reach up and remove your blindfold. Your eyes adjust and focus on my face and that sends us both over the edge. I thrust into you with each wave of my orgasm, feeling your own shock waves as yours courses through your body. We kiss and I can taste her pussy and his cum on your kiss. My cum has filled you completely and is already starting to ooze out of you. As you begin to catch your breath, you look around the room and discover that we are alone in the room....