 Chapter 2
The Dance



  As soon as the elevator doors closed, he put one arm around his Lady and even as he pulled her close, he bent his head down to press his lips to mine in a deep, passionate kiss. The Lady sighed softly and ran her fingers lightly up and down my back as she stepped closer into the embrace. All too soon, the elevator chimed and the doors opened, prompting him to break the kiss and lead us to the room.

  The room was actually a suite, with a sitting area as well as a bedroom. In the sitting area, along with the sofa and table, was a full entertainment center as well as a full,wet bar. As he moved to the bar to make them drinks, the Lady turned on some music. 

  I was startled when he handed me a shot of whiskey. He noticed. "I saw what you ordered downstairs, and I thought you might need another shot of courage."

  Even as I lifted the glass to my lips, the Lady came up behind me, pressed her body against mine and wrapped her arms around me. "I want to dance again." She said huskily.

  "Me too." He replied, stepping closer so that I was sandwiched between them. I could feel her lips grazing my neck even as her hands slipped between my body and her Lover's to cup my breast. I could feel his hands slide between my body and his Lady's to caress my ass even as he lowered his lips to mine. I moaned softly into his mouth as he pressed his thigh between my legs to press tightly against my increasingly wet crotch. 

  The Lady's hands became bolder, squeezing and kneading my breasts, purring against my throat as she felt my body respond. "Her tits feel incredible." She said to her Lover as she

moved her hands to open my vest and pull my tits out of my bra. 

  Her Lover's kiss became more demanding, his tongue ravaging my mouth as he squeezed and caressed my ass, slowly dragging my short skirt up over my hips. He pressed his thigh tighter against my body and I could feel the Lady's hips pushing against me, causing my panty-covered clit to rub back and forth against his thigh.

  I moaned deeply into his mouth. If they kept this up, I was going to cum all over his thigh before I even got a chance to taste her pussy or see the raging hard-on that I could feel straining against his jeans.

  Before the orgasm overtook me, I felt their bodies shifting. Without removing their hands from my body, they nudged me, urging me to turn around so that I was facing the Lady as she rested her ass against the bar stool with her Lover at my back. 

  I wasted no time. My hands soon found her luscious breasts even as I moved my head in close enough to press my lips on hers. I cupped and squeezed her breasts, reveling in their soft,

firmness. Her Lover's hands on my own breasts were more forceful; he squeezed them firmly and gave them the occasional twist. As he pressed his body against mine, I could feel his hard

cock pressing against my ass.

  When the Lady moaned softly into my mouth, I took it as my cue to open her blouse so I could feel the warm skin of her breasts and the hardening peaks of her nipples. As I teased them into further hardness, I moved my lips from her mouth, leaving a trail of warm kisses to her throat. Encouraged by the soft moan I heard leave her lips, I moved my kisses downward, bending slightly, until my lips found her taut nipples. I wrapped my lips around her left nipple and sucked it between my lips. I suckled gently, tasting her sweet flesh. 

  "Oh, my God." She moaned. "Harder. Suck harder."

  I eagerly obeyed her soft command. It had been a very long time since I'd suckled at the breast of a beautiful woman. I was going to do whatever it took to insure that I'd be allowed to continue. 

  As I suckled at his Lady's breast, her Lover's hands had worked my skirt up over my hips, exposing my thong-split ass. With one hand on each of my breasts, he pressed himself against

me, rubbing his rigid, jeans-covered cock up and down the crack of my ass.

  I heard a soft moan as I sucked her nipple deeper into my mouth to suck harder and was rewarded with the sensation of her fingers wrapping themselves in my hair. Her Lover, his

Lady's arousal enflaming his own, opened his fly and laid his hard cock between the cheeks of my ass. His hands on my breasts grew more aggressive, squeezing almost brutally as he pulled me toward him.

  The sounds of her arousal encouraged me to unfasten her jeans and slide my hand inside. I cupped her panty-covered mound and, seeing how warm and damp those panties were, I slipped my fingers under the elastic so I could slide them in her wetness.

  "Oh yes..." she moaned. "Touch me..."

  Emboldened by her lustful plea, I slipped a finger between her puffy pussy lips to circle her engorged clit. As I fondled her rigid nub, she shuddered and arched her back as if to offer me more of her body. Taking her cue, I drew her nipple deeper into my mouth and sucked harder. Her body responded instantly and a rush of wet heat oozed down my fingers.

  Her Lover stilled his hips for a moment and snaked his hand around my body to plunder my wetness. The Lady's hands were not idle – they joined her Lover's on my swollen breasts, following his lead and taking it further as she pinched my rigid nipples firmly between her fingers. I groaned. It felt like there was a live wire directly connecting my nipples to my clit and, without a thought, I pushed my finger into the Lady's hot pussy. 

  "Yes!" She gasped. "Ooh yes!" I felt her Lover's fingers sliding between my pussy lips,

spreading my wetness, but my attention was focused solely on the Lady's gasping moans. I 

wrapped one arm around her to pull her closer and pushed a second finger into her pussy. I felt her muscles clenching and drove them even deeper. Her fingers tightened in my hair as I pushed a third finger into her body. 

  The Lady's body began to tremble and I knew that I would do anything to make her cum. Her juices flowed freely and my fingers slipped easily in and out of her body, setting a pace that I knew would bring her to orgasm.

  "Harder!" she cried. "Fuck me harder!"

  Eager to please her, anxious to bring her to an explosive orgasm, I drove my fingers into her with almost brutal thrusts. Her moans and gasps quickly escalated to grunts and cries. I could feel her Lover's hands on my own pussy, but I concentrated fiercely on bringing her to climax. 

  Without warning, her body went rigid, her back arched and her legs trembled. Her moans and gasps became a single, hoarse cry that was quickly punctuated by convulsive thrusts of her hips against my hand as I felt a rush of hot liquid flowing down my hand.

  When her tremors stilled, the Lady's Lover wasted no time in guiding us toward the sofa where it quickly became clear that the evening was far from over.