 I have a young lady friend named Sabrina and by anyone’s definition but her own, she is a slut. I told her I wasn’t going to argue semantics with her. She told me she didn’t know what that meant but that she liked the first part of the word semantics. She loves sex. She loves to have sex with strangers, multiple partners and even just male friends. Then she loves to tell me all about it. The only rule she has is that she will not have sex with a man she knows is married…which leaves me out. I’ve been happily married since before 21 year old Sabrina was even born! It’s not even that I want to have sex with her. After all, I really am HAPPILY married and, besides, I know where she’s been. It’s just that, knowing her as well as I do, it feels weird that she’s having sex with everything and anything in pants…except me. We had talked and she knew she made me hot all the time but there was never anything she’d do about it. That would go against her big rule. Not that I had ever asked for one but I was vaguely insulted that she wouldn’t even offer me a simple handjob when she knew how much her tales of debauchery gave me blueballs. Recently, though, it all became moot.

About a month ago, she moved to another state. Since then, we’ve kept in touch mostly via e-mail. Last week, she promised she had something special for me for my upcoming birthday. This morning, videotape arrived in the mail. It was labeled “SOME ANTICS BY SABRINA.”I chuckled at her lame pun. Curious, I popped it into the VCR and plopped down on the couch to see what would come up. 

It faded in on Sabrina also sitting on a couch. Her long blonde hair looked fluffy and she had her little glasses on. She was dressed in jeans and a black spaghetti strap top. After a minute of just staring into the camera, she giggled and said “Happy birthday, Chuck! I miss you! I wanted to give you a very special treat so I asked my new neighbors, Jim and Missy to help me out.” She motioned them to come over into camera range. “This is Jim,” she said, waving a hand in his direction, “and this is his girlfriend, Missy.” Both of them waved and smiled awkwardly. They appeared to be a thirty-something couple. Jim was balding with a beard. Missy was a bouncy Dharma-like brunette. “This is Missy’s camera so she’ll be running the video. Oh, and this is Pauly, Jim’s little brother.” Into the frame walked a clean-shaven, tallish red-headed guy with no shirt on. Instead of looking at the camera, he sat on the couch and started kissing my friend while squeezing her apple-sized tits through her top. “ Oh, and Chuck…,” she said when she could get his tongue out of her mouth briefly, “I just met Pauly about ten minutes ago but now we’re gonna fuck…just for you, honey. Take your pants off and enjoy.” Again, she giggled that teenage-style giggle of hers.

To say I was somewhat stunned would be an understatement. Here was one of my closest friends on tape about to have sex with a total stranger just so I could watch! This felt incredibly weird but undeniably hot. I pulled my pants down to my ankles and leaned back on the couch as I watched their kissing and groping get deeper and heavier. 

The image faded to black for a moment and when it faded back up, it was on a close-up of Sabrina’s pussy, a sight I had seen a thousand times in my mind but never in real life. It pulsed as though with a life of it’s own and the lights in the room glared a little on the dewy wetness forming within her lower lips. Suddenly, a hand holding some sort of blue marker came into the picture and began writing on her body just below her pierced belly button. S…L…U…T. Oh, my God! He wrote the word “Slut” on her! “I finally decided you were right, sweetie. I guess I am a slut. I just can’t help it! I just love cock! If a boy’s cute, I automatically want to see his cock. I like to touch ‘em, suck ‘em, lick ‘em, jerk them off. I live for the full feeling I get when I’ve got a big fat cock inside my body…like this one.” 

Pauly stepped up beside her as she lay on the blue couch and his erection was impressive. As it bobbed up and down on it’s own, Sabrina popped the head into her mouth and slid it in and out as she moaned unashamedly around its intrusion. She pulled off with a big toothy smile and flicked his tiny pee-hole with her tongue, pulling back a viscous string of his sticky pre-cum and licking it into her mouth. “Mmmmmmmm. Tasty!” She resumed her task by taking his entire left testicle into her mouth to the point that it puffed out her silky cheek. She kept using her hand to brush her hair away so I could see the meat in her mouth and the smile in her eyes. 

Suddenly, those same eyes popped out and her face winced a bit. Missy moved the camera rapidly down Sabrina’s body and I could see that Jim had slipped effortlessly inside her sopping vagina and was already pushing in and out very rapidly. From the angle she got, I could see that she never let the bigger cock slip out of her mouth for a second. I was also surprised to see no trace of a condom anywhere as he pistoned into her like a professional fucking machine.

The camera zoomed in for a tight close-up as the thinnish, rubber-less prick continued its invasion, pulling her thick flaps in and out as it went. I could see the moisture building up so I knew she was well-lubricated. Her moans continued unabated, also, and Pauly began moaning, too. Obviously an expert at this, Sabrina let his manhood slip out of her lips with a loud popping noise and immediately grabbed and squeezed the vein on its side just enough to prevent him from shooting hot spunk all over her face. “Whew! That was close, you naughty boy. Not yet!” She caught the white dribble on her finger and sucked it off loudly, smacking her lips.

I was hard as a brick watching this but I couldn’t bring myself to actually do anything about it. It was Sabrina, damn it! She was acting out being a slut right before my very eyes and I was in shock. I couldn’t deny that the sight of her with a stranger’s swollen cock between those pouty lips was a real turn on but there was just something…well, dirty about all this. It was no different than porn except that this was someone I’d rented movies with, gone shopping with and gotten Christmas presents from. Those presents were nothing like this one, though! 

I thought the VCR might catch fire as I watched her get up on her knees. She was curvy in all the right places and those cute little breasts bounced freely beneath her. Again, she brushed her wild mane of hair back over her shoulders. “Okay, Chuck. Remember. This is for you. You decide which of these guys you’d rather change places with.” With that, it was straight back to the action. Missy zoomed in on her clean-shaven snatch between her luscious ass-cheeks just as one of the guys pushed deep inside of it, causing Sabrina to moan uncontrollably. “Oh, Chuck!! I wish it was you! I love it doggie-style! Fuck me, you bastard!” She started bouncing her butt back at him very rapidly. The camera pulled back and I was again drawn to the sight of Sabrina’s tasty looking titties swaying beneath her as she wiggled back on forth on her knees. I tentatively started stroking my own cock as Jim came back into the scene and slipped his member into her welcoming mouth. Missy said “Oh, yeah!” and zoomed in again so I could see every inch of her boyfriend get deep-throated by my sword-swallowing friend. She gagged a little and her eyes teared up but she never stopped sucking. Pulling off of it a little at a time, I watched her tongue caressing the underside. She coughed a bit and said, “Bet you didn’t know I could do that, did you, baby?” to the camera. Then she pulled him to her again, all the while wiggling her curvy ass onto the invader behind her. This time, she put just the head to her lips and used one hand to pump his prick while still holding herself up with the other. Her tongue darted in and out, flicking the purpleish knob constantly as she began pumping him in earnest. 

“Ohhhhh,” he moaned. “I can’t…”

“Don’t worry, honey. I’ve got you.” It sounded reassuring and almost nurturing. She opened her sexy mouth wide and pumped a full load of this man Jim’s hot cum directly onto her tongue. 

Somebody yelled “Get that shot!” and Missy zoomed in for a closeup as my friend closed her spermy mouth and swallowed deeply as if she were tasting a heady wine. 

“Aaaaahh!, “ she said, and then turned her attention back to the full cock still sticking her from the rear. Jim disappeared and Missy went back and focused on Pauly’s face as his eyes rolled back in his head. His hands were squeezing and occassionally spanking Sabrina’s hot cheeks lightly.

“Who’s got the K-Y?” said Missy.

“It’s…it’s…on the…ungh!….table…oh!…there!” said Sabrina, pointing. Oh my God! They were going to fuck Sabrina’s asshole!

The scene faded again with a shot of Missy’s hair flapping uncontrollably around her face. The next scene began with a shot of Jim, semi-hard again, laying on the floor. Sabrina squatted above him, face-to-face, and lowered herself onto his dick. She held it and helped slip it past her fat pussy lips. “Here’s a real special present. I’ve never been fucked in the ass before but Pauly’s promised to be gentle. Did you know there are more nerve endings around the anus than anywhere else in the human body? With a cock in my pussy…see!” she pointed down “and a big prick in my butt, I am going to be sooooo filled! And its all for you, Chuck. You mean so much to me, sweetie, and since I could never fuck you, I wanted so much to share my ass deflowering with you. I hope you enjoy it as much as I’m going to! Are you playing with yourself, honey? Do it for me, pleeease?” 

With that, Missy moved around to focus on Sabrina’s tight but by now well-lubed sphincter. It was dark and shaped like flower petals spread slightly apart. There was a tiny mole just to the left of her butt hole. I was literally seeing parts of my friend I’d never seen before.The lube glinted in the lights of the camera and I saw Pauly slip a finger in up to his knuckle. Then two. Then three. He spread her hole with the three fingers leaving it gaping just slightly for his cock. 

Missy didn’t miss a trick. She focused on his thick meat, oozing pre-cum and coated with a shean of K-Y jelly. He pumped it a bit, causing the sticky liquid to drip slowly off onto Sabrina’s skin. For her part, Sabrina was already bouncing wildly up and down on Jim. Either there was some time between these scenes or Jim was very good about getting it up again quickly. Pauly held her still long enough to aim his cock into her ass and thrust forcefully, not gently at all. Missy apparently expected this as she caught a nice fleshy close-up shot of Sabrina’s initial ass violation and then immediately moved around to her face which was winced in pain. “Oh, God! It hurts! It’s in so deep! Go…I said….unnghhh!….go slow!”

Pauly would have none of that as he and and his brother fell into a rhythm of roughly fucking Sabrina in her pussy and her ass. “This is incredible!,”said Missy. “Your ass is getting all torn up, baby!” I couldn’t control myself, now. I wanted to be the one in Sabrina’s asshole, getting ready to shoot into this beautiful but filthy young woman’s bowels! She was crying on-screen now but clearly rubbing her clit, too, again balancing on one hand. My hand was rapidly pulling on my cock.

“This is for you, Chucky!” laughed Pauly. As he said it, he pulled out long enough for me to see the first spurt of his cum. Then he smashed it back into Sabrina’s now loose ass and let it continue to go off inside her.

“I’m coming, too!” grunted the older brother as he shot a full load up into my poor friend’s unprotected pussy. 

“Here it comes, Chuck!” she said through clenched teeth! “I…I….Ohhhh!!! Oh, Yes! Look at it!” I did. Sabrina was a gusher! The two hot loads of cum that had just been shot into her body’s ready holes, along with the workout she had just given her clit, had set her off and she wet all over Jim’s body and all over the carpet. I came at the same time, shooting a bigger than normal trail of cum up onto my shirt. She jumped off of him, giggling crazily! “Get this,” she told Missy as she resumed the doggie position. 

Missy focused in on her ass, swollen now, very red and sore looking as she squeezed out Pauly’s thick cream. Jim’s cum leaked unabated from her loose, sopping pussy hole. A hand came in and it had the blue marker again. He began writing on the cheeks of her ass. “HAPPY BIRTHDAY, CHUCK.” 

With the camera still aimed at her leaking body parts, Sabrina began to speak. “Well, honey, did you come for me? That was a little more…intense than I expected but it was hot, baby. I don’t regret a second of it. Oh, make sure you hide this tape from your wife, sugar. It’ll be our little…” Just then, the doorbell rang on the tape. “Oh my God! Looks like we may have sloppy seconds…or is it thirds? (giggle!) Missy, Hon, have you got more tape?” At that point it cut off and I was left staring at a blank screen.

I was stunned. I hated this tape. It was degrading and it was disgusting and…and…it was the single hottest thing I could have ever imagined. I hit the rewind button and moved the box of tissues closer. Thanks, Sabrina. Whew! What a present. Some antics, indeed.

END