 2:30 a.m. Meg saw the shiver run across Wendy's body as touched her. Meg felt scalded, like a jolt of lightning touched her there. Ice and water pooled at the spot. Turning over, Meg looked up at her friend, lit by the moon from the window above them, amazed at the beauty of the woman above her, and the soft sensuality she exuded. Wendy's hair was short and red, setting off her green eyes. Her lips were a soft pink, and Meg had been thinking about how kissable they were all night. 

She wondered if Wendy would dare. 

Dare she did. Running her hand through Meg's soft hair, Wendy leaned forward and planted a kiss on the cheek.

~~~ 

Wendy had seen the "come fuck me" eyes Meg had given her all night at the party. She'd seen Meg eye Ted, too, but didn't care. Meg had told her long ago she was bisexual. Wendy, raised in a strict home and really away from home from the first time, didn't know for sure anymore.

~~~

"May I?" Wendy whispered to Meg, sliding her hands under Meg's shirt. 

"Please..." Meg said, unsure if this was a dream or reality. 

Worshipfully, Wendy slid her hands gently across Meg's soft stomach, across her plentiful breasts, and over her shoulders. Keeping eye contact, Meg slipped her shirt off and reached up and took Wendy's off. Meg's dark hair covered the edge of the black satin edged with embroidered flames that set off her generous breasts. Simple white see-through lace cupped Wendy's small but beautifully shaped chest, making her look young and innocent. Meg knew differently. 

Inexperienced, maybe. Innocent - no. 

~~~

Midnight. Wendy was in turmoil inside. She was 

partying, drinking more than she'd ever drunk in her life, feeling guilty but for once feeling free. Somewhere after the fourth buttery nipple shot and the second strawberry daquiri, she had wanted to cry. These people were amazing She'd felt ignored by both genders all her life, and here, so far from home, she'd found guys who genuinely seemed to care about how she was doing. She'd easily fallen into step with Meg's girl friends. The music was cranked loud, and Wendy slipped outside to sit on the back steps. She stared up at the stars and the tears began to fall. She didn't want to go home, but she had to in just a matter of days.

~~~

The two moved as though they could read each other's minds. They both knelt on the bed, facing each other. Lips met tenderly, softly, nearly caresses as they explored each other's mouth.

Knowing only need, Meg acquiesced as Wendy pulled her tighter to her, listening to Wendy's hard pants as Meg kissed down her neck, across her collarbone. Arching her back, she felt their breasts meld together. Another woman's nipples against her own. Not a new sensation for Meg, but she knew Wendy was in uncharted waters.

Then Meg had an idea.

~~~

12:30 a.m. Wendy huddled in the darkness, sniffling back tears. She sat quiet when the door opened.

"Hey hon," Meg said softly as she sat down. "What's wrong?" 

"Oh," hiccuped Wendy. "Everybody's so wonderful ... and I ... you know ... and I don't wanna go home..." 

They'd met online, first, in a role-playing game. 

They got to be friends that way, and spent many hours in IM, sometimes flirty, sometimes talking about life and sometimes chatting on the phone. 

So Wendy knew Meg understood. 

Wendy melted against Meg when she put an arm around her. 

"But while you're here, we can have fun. You just need to get out there and dance. Shake it," Meg said. She stopped and gave an impish grin. "After all, you do have a nice ass."

Laughing through tears, Wendy looked up at Meg. 

Their gaze locked. Both felt a jolt deep down. 

Wendy reached up and their lips moved closer together. 

Suddenly a car door slammed in front of them. One of the roommates stumbled drunkenly out of the car, a girl with touseled hair behind him. 

"Let's go in, shall we?" Wendy said.

~~~

"What are you doing?" Wendy asked as Meg covered her eyes with one hand. She heard Meg rummaging in her bag, and then the noise ceased. A shiver ran through Wendy as a whisp of fabric trailed across her shoulder and then over her eyes. 

"Take off your bra," Meg said. 

Raising an eyebrow beneath the fabric, Wendy complied. 

"It's a good thing I like you," she said with a wry smile on her face. 

She heard Meg get off the bed and the sound of a zipper dropping. She envisioned the snug skirt Meg had worn dropping to the floor and wondered what sort of underwear Meg wore. 

"Lay down," Meg commanded. 

Wendy felt the zipper to her pants being undone and lifted her hips as Meg yanked off her black leather pants, revealing the white lacy bikini briefs that matched the bra she'd been waring. 

"Lace and leather, huh?" Meg whispered. "I like." 

~~~

1:30 a.m. They'd gone back inside. And they danced. Eventually, the party wore down and people began finding places to sleep. Wendy had landed on one couch in the living room. She wasn't sure where Meg had gone. 

After laying in the dark for an hour, unable to sleep, she'd tiptoed into the back room where she thought she'd seen Meg go. 

"Meg?" Wendy whispered softly. "Is that you?" 

"Yeah." 

"Can I sleep with you? I can't sleep with all these people I don't know around me." 

"Sure," Meg whispered, wiggling over to make room. She couldn't sleep, because she felt Wendy's eyes on her. Then she felt the questioning touch.

~~~

"Kneel on the bed, like we were," Meg said. 

The moon lit Wendy's pale skin so it nearly glowed. Meg wished for a camera, so her friend could see once and for all that she WAS beautiful. 

Climbing onto the bed, Meg kneeled behind Wendy. 

"Now stay still," she said, leaning over to kiss her way up the delicate curve of Meg's backbone. Each vertebrae got a kiss. One by one, Meg patiently worked her way upward. Tightening her tongue, she ran a moist line across Wendy's collarbone, smiling as Wendy curled her neck to meet her ministrations. 

She stopped and sucked gently where neck and collarbone met. Wendy moaned and arched back into Meg, not reaching for the blindfold. As their bodies met, Meg felt dazed. She moved to take off her own bra, wanting skin on skin. Pink softness was everywhere around her. Tossing her own bra to the side, running her hands over her own breasts first, she hugged Wendy to her. 

"Can we stay like this forever?" Wendy moaned. 

Meg didn't respond, just wanting to give Wendy a moment she'd never forget. She'd really fallen for her long ago, but kept it quiet, knowing Wendy was still questioning herself. She reached around and ran her hands across Wendy's breasts. 

Seizing upon the nipple, she rolled it beneath her fingers, feeling her friend buck frantically beneath her.

Going back to kissing Wendy's neck, leaving one hand to play with Wendy's breast, Meg slipped a hand southward, slipping beneath Wendy's waistband. She felt how wet she was and felt her own panties dampen further. 

Slipping a finger between the lips of Wendy's sex, she felt gently for her clit. Finding the nubbin, she rubbed gently. 

Wendy, lost in a place of only feeling, eyes covered, was nearly frantic with lust and let out a shriek. 

Meg dampened it with a kiss.

~~~

Ted had watched the two of them together all night and had caught the glances as well. When he thought he heard a shriek, he had to look. Padding barefoot across the hall, he quietly opened the door. 

"What's ..." he started to say, but felt an instant erection when he saw the two women writhing nearly nude on the bed. 

"Fuck," he said under his breath. Realizing the appropriateness of his word choice, he smiled to himself. He stepped into the shadows and moistening his hand with a little saliva, began running his hand over his stiff cock.

~~~ 

"Lay down," Meg commanded, half mindful of the door she'd heard. Having been at the house before, she knew whose bedroom was across the hall. And she didn't care if he saw. In fact she wanted him to. And when the girls had been talking, she knew Wendy was hot for him too. 

Wendy started to reach for the blindfold. 

"No," Meg said. "Leave it on a little longer." 

Sliding strong fingers under the waistband of Wendy's lacy underwear, she slowly slid it down over Wendy's soft legs. Stepping off the bed herself, giving her ass a shake for Ted's benefit, she slipped her black thong off, revealing a neatly trimmed bush. 

"Do you trust me?" Meg asked. 

"I haven't yanked this off yet, have I?"

"Point taken." 

Kneeling at the end of the bed, she pulled Wendy to her, slipping her legs over her shoulders. 

~~~

"I can't believe this is happening. Two girls going at it. And God, both of them are hot. She's not going to ... is she? Thank you, God!

~~~

Meg kissed Wendy's right ankle. Then mid-calf. Then the knee. Mid-thigh. Left ankle. Left calf. Knee. Left thigh. 

She repeated, only licking this time, gentle strokes.

Frantic, Wendy grabbed a pillow, smothering her moans in it. 

Ted thought he would explode. 

Meg licked the crease between leg and vagina on each side, smiling to herself as Wendy grew more frantic. Wendy began rubbing her breasts, pinching her nipples. 

Ted couldn't stand it. He moved behind Meg and began caressing her breasts, his erection nearly painful by now. He felt Meg's dampness on the front of his shorts and nearly exploded when he watched her moving expertly into Wendy's sex. 

Caught between her desire to please Wendy and her own need, she focused frantically on Wendy. Meg slipped her tongue against Wendy's clit, circling it gently at first, then firmer. Her chin grew messy with Wendy's fluids. 

Ted slipped his shorts off, running his hard cock along Meg's own sex, but not penetrating. Her fluids dampened his penis. 

Firming her tongue again, Meg slipped a tongue into Wendy's hole, frantically fucking her with her tongue. Wendy arched off the bed, coming hard. 

Meg reached behind her and pulled Ted's hips against her. 

"Fuck me," she hissed. 

Putting two fingers into Wendy, he began rubbing her as he slipped his cock into Meg. She took him easily and he began fucking her from behind while he finger-fucked Wendy. Both women, already hot, came fast - Wendy again, Meg for the first time. 

As Meg's vaginal walls spasmed around him, Ted came too, shooting his load with a groan. 

"What was that?" Wendy said, ripping off her blindfold, staring in shock then shyness at Ted. 

"Don't be upset," he said. "You two have been turning me on all night, and I wanted you. And I heard you two ... fuck. It was beautiful. Hot." 

He sat against the wall, Meg slipping to the floor across from him. Wendy looked down at both. 

"Did that answer any questions for you?" Meg asked, looking up at her friend. 

"No, it made more. But sometimes finding the answers is the journey," Wendy said as they all headed back to sleep, booze finally taking over.