 This story begins in Colorado. I was on a business trip and found myself bored and a tad lonely the first night. I decided to head out. Obviously with the new laws I was eager to try some legal pot. It had been a very long time since I had and figured it'd be fun. I wondered down the street and found a bar, more of a pub really, so I went in. 

it was quiet and not real crowded. I went to the bar and ordered a drink. Not long after a gentlemen approached me. He said I looked like I was alone and that I was welcome to join he and his wife if I wanted. He insisted that no one should drink alone. He was probably right. So I joined them.

His name was John and his wife was Patti. John was about 5'10" average looking white gentlemen. Very calm and it turns out a bit of an intellectual. I liked that, its always good to converse with someone who can discuss even the most personal of things in a clear and brilliant way. His wife was just lovely. 5'1" red hair with a nice size breasts. They stuck out just right and no doubt were full and tasty.

We started talking about my trip there and what I planned to do. They told me a bit of themselves and before we knew it 2 hours has past. They were so easy to talk to. They were actually headed home and asked if I'd like to join them. They said they had pot - bingo I had to search no further. I accepted. They drove since I didn't have my car and we were there in no time. It was a beautiful home, very comfortable and inviting. Warm even.

We down on the couch and Patti went to get the pot. It was as good as people claimed. I should move here.

It was a calm and casual experience. We smoked and talked and before I knew it Patti had her tits out and was playing with her nipples all while she carried on the conversation. Of course they both noticed me starring. I couldn't help it. They were perfect in every way. 

I should add that they were a more mature couple than I was at age 42. I actually preferred the company of folks older than myself. The conversation is always better and there are rarely any beating around the bush regardless of topic. Now I had never actually been with a couple sexually but I had a feeling this might be my lucky day. Yes, I was married but my wife didn't approve of this kind of thing. We had ideas about sex but it was ok. I loved her with all my being and she loved me the same. We had discussed my appetites to death but hadn't taking any steps although she always insisted I needed outside activities to satiate me. 

So anyways back to those lovely boobies. She was playing and talking and then stopped. She asked me if I liked them and I told her I did. At that moment she got up and walked to John. She bent over and whispered something in his ear. As she bent over he reached up and removed her pants. She had on a sexy pair of underwear. It wasn't a thong but rather a sexy piece that half covered her full and rounded ass without showing too much. Just enough of her cheeks showed to make it sultry. Delicious.

Once they were off she moved over to me back on the couch. She got up right next to me on her knees and began feeding me her luscious tits. I just devoured them. Licking, rubbing and suckling. I couldn't get enough. She kissed me off and on with a passion I didn't think I'd ever experience. I almost forgot I was in the room until I felt someone undoing my pants. I was so hot and horny I just went with it. I I lifted my hips and in one swoop I took it all off.

Next thing I know I felt a warm mouth on the head of my cock and realized it was John. Now I'd never experienced this before but figured I wouldn't know until I tried it so I went back to the boobs. I was feeling pleasure I didn't even know I could. It was wonderful. Patti subtly pushed me back on the couch and climbed on top of me. She leaned down and began sucking my cock with a gusto. It was so wonderful. I had my eyes closed and was just enjoying it. I couldn't feel John anymore but no sooner had I thought that I feel the head of his cock on my lips. 

Hmmm, I paused a minute then figured he'd done it for me. I opened my mouth and began to suck just the head. A few licks and a few sucks over and over. I slowly let him work his entire cock into my mouth and did the same thing. He was moaning and moaning. Meanwhile Patti rose up and lowered herself onto my cock. She road me slow but steady. John had pulled his cock out of my mouth and moved behind patti. I focused on her boobs and the occasional kiss. 

I was in awe of these two. The most sexual creatures I'd ever encountered. We been in the position for a few minutes so when John went behind Patti I once again felt his hands. They were fondling my balls and the whole area. I was a bit stunned when I felt his fingers sliding around my rosebud. No I had shaved as I normally do so the feeling was unlike anything I could have expected. There was no hair on my balls or in the crack of my ass so all I felt was his hands and they felt covered in a lube. I think I know where this is going.

He gently inserted a finger and slowly worked in back and forth. It didn't take long and I was shooting all the cum I could muster way inside Patti. At that moment she exploded in orgasm. Seems she liked the feel of cum shooting into her. I wonder what that's like.

Well I was spent but we weren't done. John was still caressing me and fingering my ass. It felt incredible. 

A few minutes later John was using two fingers. I confess I've used dildo's on myself before so his job was partly done. I don't like the big ones but the 5-6 inches were awesome. Extreme cumming while using those.

Patti who had taken a minute to rest came back over and kneeled over me. She was facing John and I just used my hands to touch all over her. She grabbed my legs and pulled them up. My ass was know wide open to John. He toyed with me some more than I felt his cock pushing inside me. First the head then the shaft. All the way in. Just WOW. He started slow and begin moving in and out. Fucking me gently but thoroughly. Patti had shifted position and was now sucking my cock again and it was responding. She moved into a 69 and I ate her pussy like it was the last one I ever would. She had me close to orgasm and just as I was about to blow my load John filed my ass with a feeling I can't even describe. I could feel it shooting out from the tip to where it hit inside. Not a few seconds later Patti also came and we were all spent.

After a short break and a few more bowls we were at it again. John said if I ever decided to move nearby he'd be glad to use me whenever I was free. Seems he and Patti enjoyed me so much they decided either of them could play with me whenever the need or free time dictated. We still get together when we can and sometimes one or both of them visit me. John and I became such good friends that we hung out and my wife never asked questions. Eventually my wife and I got into the lifestyle but she still doesn't know about John and Patti even though we all get together sometimes. They are the best and I'm honored to be used by them often. Patti even found a perfect size softer strap on to enjoy my ass with when John wasn't around. After the first time I also had a rare opportunity to make love to Patti's ass. Yes I've fucked it but that first time was nothing short of making love to her ass. The foreplay also lasts so long with them and this was no different. I've never had John's ass but I've played with it. I don't mind I'm not that into a guys ass but his cock does wonders.