 It has long been my fantasy to watch my wife fucking other men. Preferably more than one at a time. Don’t ask me why. It’s just that I think it’s so incredibly sexy to watch a woman with several men. Having every hole filled and getting covered in cum. Wow. I had written long letters to my wife, describing my fantasy, but had never plucked up the courage to give them to her. I included stories of my own and others from Literotica to try and illustrate the point. But it was never going to happen because I was too cowardly to even bring it up in conversation. The letters together with the stories just sat in the drawer by my bed. I suppose I was scared that Claire would consider me a pervert and look for a divorce or something.

Claire and I have been together for about 6 years now and have a house, kids, steady jobs and a reasonable, but conventional sex life. Claire doesn’t mind entertaining my filthy mind now and again. I love it when she dresses up for me or I tie her up, but she keeps these things a rarity. A lot of the problem is the kids and fitting in sex around them. I have very little to complain about though. (She does give fantastic head and doesn’t mind if I cum on her tits or face). Claire works part-time in accounts and I am in a job that can mean long hours and late finishes. Where possible Claire will spend an evening in the gym. So it’s not unusual for her to be out one or two evenings a week for a few hours. 

On this particular evening, I got home quite early, so Claire took the opportunity to spend the evening in the gym. She picked up her kit bag and disappeared out the door around 6 o’clock. I put the kids to bed, grabbed a beer and settled down in front of the TV for the night, to watch some of the programs I’m not allowed to watch when Claire’s around. (You know the shit. Anything to do with bikes, war or bloke stuff).

About 10.30 I was starting to get a little worried about where Claire was. The gym was only round the corner, but there had been a couple of rapes in the locality over the last few months. She rarely came home after 10.00 but had stayed later on the odd day. I was just contemplating calling the gym to check, when the lights from her car shone up the front of our house. So, concern over, I relaxed back in front of the TV. Claire came through the door and she looked whacked. Sometimes she over does things a little in the gym and this night appeared to be one of those nights. She was very flushed and shaking a little. “I’m going to take a shower and jump into bed,” she said leaning against the wall. Then she reached into her sports bag, took out a package and tossed it to me. “This is for you,” she said. “You know, if you ask nicely, sometimes you get what you want”. With that she turned and went upstairs. 

I was puzzled. The package was wrapped, so I slid a finger under the paper and ripped the cover off. It was a videocassette. A note attached to the case instructed me to play the tape. So I did. The screen started with a few seconds of the ‘snow’ you get on a blank tape. Then suddenly, the picture cut in. it was Claire. She was sitting in a chair, wearing the sexiest little schoolgirls uniform you can imagine (another real favourite of mine, that she knows turns me on no end). From top to bottom it was perfect. She had plaited her long hair with plaits each side of her head, tied with red ribbons. Her white blouse was virtually see through and you could see the black bra beneath. She was wearing my old school tie. Her pleated skirt left little to the imagination and clearly displayed the stockings she wore under it. Finally, she had black heels on. 

Upstairs I heard the shower turn off and Claire pad across our bedroom. I looked back at the screen as Claire spoke for the first time. “I hope you like what you see” she started “I know that the schoolgirls outfit really gets you hot”. She ran her hands up and down her body, massaging her large breasts (she’s a 36h) through her blouse. “Well babe, I expect you are wondering what is going on. I was tidying our room the other day and I went to put something in your bedside table. Well, I found the letters you had written to me and the stories you had printed to go with them. From them I gather you like the idea of me getting gang banged. I also noticed that the some of the stories came from a web site called Literotica. So I logged on to see what it was about. I read the stories you posted and many of them are about you sharing me. One even involves me making a film for you. As I said to you when I came in earlier. If you ask, you might get. Sit back and watch the show. Hope you enjoy”. 

Now I was intrigued. I could obviously see where this was going and was a little apprehensive. A shockwave ran through my mind. What if I didn’t like it? What if I got jealous? Many other questions shot through my head that might worry me, but at the same time I was already getting hard with anticipation.

On the screen, the video panned out to reveal what was obviously a hotel room. The camera followed Claire to the bed. She lay down and again addressed the camera. “Let me introduce a few new friends to you” She began. “Behind the camera is Giles. His job is to create this little masterpiece. I’m sure he’ll do a great job, but unfortunately he won’t have a chance to edit the film. So it’s going to be a little raw”. She held up her hand and beckoned to someone. A male joined her on the bed. He was about 30 or so. Wearing only tight boxers. He was well built, blond and obviously well endowed, judging by the bulge in his shorts. I was immediately slightly jealous. Of his physique rather than the fact he was about to fuck my wife. He lay down on the bed next to Claire. She held him in one arm and they kissed passionately. “This is Phil. He is going to help me with my mission this evening”. Again she beckoned. Another man joined her on the other side of her, wearing only shorts. He was younger, perhaps 25. Slightly shorter, but also well defined, with dark hair. Again, Claire held him and kissed him. “This is Dom. His job is to help Phil”. Yet again Claire beckoned to someone. This guy lay at her feet his head level with her knees. He was also around 30. A bit skinnier with blond hair, but his bulge was huge. He ran his tongue from her ankle, up to the top of her stocking tops. “And this is Jamie. His job is…well, obvious I would think”. The four of them lay for a second giggling and smiling at the camera.

Then Claire spoke. “OK boys. You know what I want. Lets get to it”. My mouth was open, just staring. I couldn’t stop this even if I wanted to. What the hell had I started? But I was also fascinated. What was her intention? One at a time, or all three at once? I realised I couldn’t wait to find out. 

The guys started their work. Phil, laying on Claire’s left side, kissed around her neck and fondled her breast through the thin material. Dom, laying on Claire’s right side, pulled her head towards him and kissed her deeply, also massaging her breasts. Jamie at her knees, stroked up and down her stockinged legs, up the inside down the outside. Claire just laid and enjoyed their advances. And she was obviously enjoying the attention, not just acting. 

Phil slid a few fingers in-between the buttons on her blouse and popped them open. Dom assisted him by pulling the blouse from the skirt it was tucked into. They pulled it open to reveal Claire’s full breasts, held by a black, lacy balconet bra, which pushed them up, forming a wonderful cleavage. Claire sat up to allow the men to slip the blouse off completely. She lay back down and the men immediately began to focus on her breasts. They kissed her so far exposed flesh all over. Licking around her bra and up and down her neck and shoulders. Now I know that Claire’s breasts are by far and away the most sensitive area of her body. She can orgasm purely by having her nipples aroused. So I new she must be getting really hot by now. Claire could take no more and sat up to release the clips on her bra. She threw the discarded item to the floor and lay back. She pulled each man straight to her nipples. I could imagine the feel of her hard nipples in my mouth as I watched the two men suck and bite them. Her moans were quite audible on the video. 

Jamie, down by her knees was also busy. He unzipped her skirt and slid it down her legs and off over her feet. Claire was now naked other than her stockings, heels and my school tie. Her neatly trimmed pube line was clearly showing. (Claire keeps her bush nice and short). Jamie positioned himself between her legs and licked around her soaking pussy, kissing around her pube line. He parted her pussy lips and allowed the camera to zoom in for a close up. She was totally soaked. Jamie licked up and down her outer lips, tasting the love juice that poured from her swollen, red cunt. Claire responded to his attention by trying to grind herself onto him. But Jamie pulled away, keeping the teasing and anticipation going. He licked all around her hole, deliberately avoiding her clitoris, so not to let her cum to soon. He had obviously done this before and was somewhat of an expert. Jamie slipped two fingers into Claire and pushed up toward her g-spot. At the same time he turned his oral attention to her clit. This was all too much for Claire. With the attention Phil and Dom were giving to her nipples and the expert fingers and tongue of Jamie, Claire started to moan more loudly. Jamie sensed her closeness and increased the pace. His fingers slipped in and out. Phil stopped sucking and biting Claire’s nipples and tits, to reach down and spread her pussy lips wider, allowing Jamie even better access. Claire was now really starting to cry out with every lick of her clit. Jamie used his spare hand to use some of he own moisture to wet her asshole. Then he slowly inserted two fingers into her tightness. I was amazed. Claire didn’t mind if I licked around her ass, but I was never allowed to go any further than that. Yet here was some stranger doing exactly what I wanted to do.

This was enough for Claire. She forced her pussy onto Jamie’s face and came hard. She was screaming loudly and bucking her hips. There was no way she was faking this. I new the noises Claire made when she came. Claire could take no more and pushed the three men away, too sensitive and unable to take any more for the moment. She rolled over and sat on the edge of the bed, looking directly into the camera. “How was that”, she said, “Do you want me to fuck them now or not. Oops. I’m sorry. You’re not here and can’t do anything about it. Sorry honey”. Her tone was a mixture of tease and sarcasm. She stood up and wiggled her tits at the camera, almost as if she was mocking me.

I had made my mind up. I wanted to see her get fucked and fucked and fucked. Any hint of jealousy had evaporated and it was as much as I could do not to drop my shorts and wank myself crazy.

Back on the screen, the three guys had moved and sat on the end of the bed. Claire knelt on the floor in front of them. She turned first to Dom on her left. She rubbed him through his shorts. He went rock hard and strained against the material. Dom stood and dropped his shorts to the floor, then sat down again. Phil and Jamie followed his lead and took off their shorts. All three sat on the bed sprouting hard cocks. Claire returned her attentions to Dom. She tentatively took hold of his dick. Her hand hardly fitted around its large shaft. She slowly moved her hand up and down him, feeling the length of meat. Her head ducked into his lap and her tongue appeared, licking around his balls. (All three men were shaved clean. Claire likes that. I wondered if she had asked them to shave). She slid her tongue up his shaft, licking around the head of his penis. It glistened with her saliva. She moved to Phil sitting in the middle. Again she licked around his balls and up his shaft, circling his penis head with her wet tongue. Finally she moved to Jamie on her right and repeated the process. She kept moving up and down the line of cocks. Licking their balls and the length and tips of their dicks. 

On the fifth time round she changed her tack and took Dom into her mouth. Her head bobbed up and down his large cock. Dom moved her plait to one side do the camera could zoom in and watch her deep throat him. I was spellbound as his large piece disappeared into her mouth, her nose and chin nuzzling into his short pubic hair. Again she swapped and moved to Phil in the middle. Again she took him deep into her mouth. This was something else. I had always wanted to watch her suck another dick, and here she was taking on three at one go. Claire moved across to Jamie, who was patiently waiting his turn. But when she went to suck him he grabbed her head and rammed his cock into her face. He forced his cock deep into her and literally skull fucked her. I thought she would puke but she handled it without any problem at all. Claire blew her way up and down the line of pricks. Sucking and licking each member, making it harder, longer, stiff enough to give her the fucking she desired. 

After several minutes of oral action, Claire was satisfied that the men were hard and ready to fuck. She stood and moved to the bed, laying flat on her back. I was dying to see how this was going to proceed. Would she fuck them one at a time or try and take them all at once? There was only one way to find out.

The men stood around her, one at her feet and one either side of her. They all moved together and climbed onto the bed. Phil and Dom knelt either side of her head and offered up their erect cocks. Claire took one in each hand and began to stroke and lick them. Jamie climbed between her legs and parted her thighs. He reached down and guided his cock to her pussy opening. He rolled the tip of his cock around her hole, teasing her and readying her for her first penetration. Claire raised her knees to allow him access. Jamie pushed his length slowly, but fully inside her. Claire stopped licking Phil and Dom for a second to fully enjoy the feel of her first cock of the evening. Jamie began sliding in and out of her pussy. The slurping sound he fucking made was clearly audible on the tape. Claire began moaning loudly again as her second orgasm of the evening rippled through her body. Jamie slammed hard into her hot cunt as she screamed out with pleasure.

As her throws eased, Jamie pulled out and moved aside, letting Dom take his place. Jamie moved to Claire’s face. His cock gleamed with her juices. Claire took his cock and sucked it clean of her own wetness. Dom wasted no time and pushed inside her. Again she sucked and licked as she was fucked. Dom pounded her for several minutes, fucking her hard. Her tits bounced back and forth as he fucked her. Then, Dom pulled out to allow Phil his turn. 

Claire moved aside and Phil lay back on the bed. Claire sat astride him and positioned her self over his cock. The camera moved behind her and filmed his cock entering her as the lowered her self onto him. Her pussy lips seemed to part of their own accord to welcome his cock into her. She bounced up and down on his cock, grunting every time she full engulfed him. 

Dom and Jamie stood either side of her face and offered their cocks to her lips. She took hold of their pricks and wanked and sucked them, alternating between each man. Her tits bounced magnificently with each waive of her movement. The bed springs creaked in time with her moans as she moved faster up and down him. 

Then Phil’s arms came up and pulled Claire down to him. He held her firm and kissed her deeply. Dom moved from her face and positioned himself behind her. He lent out of shot for a second and reappeared with a tube of lubricant, which he applied to his phallus and her asshole. Claire squirmed in Phil’s grip, having grasped what was about to happen. I realised that this was unplanned. I had had anal sex with Claire only twice and I knew she did not like it. She struggled against the man below her but he held her firm and forced her to keep her lips sealed with his. Dom placed the head of his dick against her tight asshole, took hold of her hips for leverage, and began to force himself slowly, but solidly, inside her. Claire moaned out as his dick parted her tightness. Dom was very gentle to be fair. I expected him to slam inside her, but he eased himself in and remained motionless for what seemed like ages as Claire’s body adjusted to the violation. After a minute or so, Dom slowly moved in and out of her ass, stopping to apply more lubrication. 

Once he was happy that Claire would not split open, he increased his pace and the depth of his lunges. And fuck me if Claire didn’t started pushing onto him. Bitch! She never let me in there. Phil released his grip and began thrusting up inside her in time with Dom. The three bodies found a rhythm and Claire moaned as yet another orgasm built up inside her. The camera moved behind her and gave a fantastic view of both cocks as the pierced both cunt and ass at the same time. 

As the camera panned back out, I could see that Jamie was standing over Phil and had given Claire his cock to suck. He had a hand on the back of her head and was thrusting, mercilessly, into her mouth. 

I was enthralled by what I was watching. The close ups of the action. Three guys fucking with my wife. And the way they all seemed to move as one. Sheer poetry. I had been worried before watching that I may be jealous or angry or any other of a hundred emotions. The only thing I was jealous and angry about now, was that I was watching a video rather than a live scene and that I hadn’t suggested a gangbang earlier. What a fool.

Claire came again and again, until she was just continually moaning then screaming, moaning then screaming, although the sound was muffled by the huge dick in her mouth. The cameraman must have done this before. He moved around the conjoined bodies. Zooming in to show close up penetrations of asshole and cunt, then panning out to show the throng of bodies as they bucked and writhed together. 

Dom pulled out of Claire’s ass and Jamie released her head. Claire got up and allowed Jamie to swap places with Phil. Jamie lay back and Claire squatted over his huge dick, her back to his face. She lowered onto him and again bounced up and down. His huge cock stretching her cuntlips wide.

Dom and Phil stood in front of her and she attended to their cocks, sucking them and wanking as she speared herself on Jamie’s stiff member.

Now the men were starting to moan as well. They had had enough of pleasuring Claire and wanted to reach their own climaxes. Claire increased her pace on Jamie’s cock and he started thrusting up to meet her, pushing deeper and deeper as he sought release. Dom couldn’t wait for Claire to make him cum and wanked his own cock. His fist sped up and down his dick, faster and faster as he neared completion. Then suddenly, with a grunt, he emptied his load of cum onto Claire’s tits. Masses of white cum poured from his dick, in a seemingly endless stream of white hot cum. He grunted each time his cock pumped jism. He wiped the last drips onto her tits and stepped aside, to allow the other two men their pleasure. 

Phil was next to give in. Claire had his dick in her mouth and was furiously bobbing backwards and forwards. Phil moaned and Claire’s cheeks unexpectedly swelled as his cock emptied seed into her mouth. Claire hates the taste of spunk, so I was not at all surprised when she spat out his cock, followed swiftly by his load of cum. He had given her a real mouthful, which dribbled down her chin and onto her tits.

Now only Jamie remained. He was thrusting hard into Claire’s cunt. Slamming his cock into her. As she was fucked, Claire massaged the cum on her body into her tits. Her huge mounds glimmered with the gallons of spunk that clung to them. Large globules hung from her nipples.
