 It is noon and I am driving you to your first appointment. Not a job but the spa. Preparation is key. Here you have your feet pampered and massaged, nails in glitter gold, hair curled and fluffed. Your make up is strong and deep. My girl needs to be the part of well-kept high priced slut. The look the makes cocks instantly stand at attention.

Yesterday we headed downtown to the boutiques to find the perfect dress for this particular client. I have you model several, from flowing gowns to skimpy sundresses. These are for me as well and I must approve.

After the spa we return to the condo for you to lotion and fragrance. I choose your jewelry and accessories to be just as lavish as your hair and makeup. Large V necklace and anklets.

I help you into your dress. A black sheer transparent deep neck line with open back that lightly frills out to just below your perfect booty. The dress allows the eyes to view your perky breasts and smooth soft skin. You make my cock drool with desire.

Our drive is tingly with the anticipation of the evening to come. I reach over and have my fingers stroke your moist folds and your breath quickens. My slut must be ready and well stimulated.

We park in the open of a crowded street near the Colonel By Parkway. I have done this to parade my prize on the walk to the penthouse suite. You are noticed by men and gorgeous women alike. You are stunning for all to see in my hand.

In the elevator my lust breaks free and I take you against the wall shoving my raging hardon quick and deep into your pussy. I fuck you hard but not long. I want your hole well stretched for the men who will use you tonight. I don't cum...that will be for later...

Upon entering the suite you can tell it is only men who dwell here. Very masculine with hard wood and stainless steel accents. You clench feeling the power of the room. It is arousing to you. Before continuing into the living room I turn you into me, hold you tight and kiss you full and long to relieve any tension and calm my BabyGirl. You are my princess and I love you.

I lead you to the center of the room. The men have given me the large leather chair to properly monitor the scenario as it unfolds.

6 men. Ages 45 - 60. The older very formally dresses. The younger in casual sharp shirt and tie. Expensive watches and rings adorn, these are clients with specific tastes.

They encircle you like wolves on their pray. This won't be sensual this won't be kind. Their hands reach out to grab, caress and molest your supple skin. Almost in a devouring manner. You submit to this man handling feeling very hold, every pitch of your nipples, every finger violating you. Your skin becomes flushed and taught. You instinctively put your arms behind your back allowing more access to your beautiful body. 

Before the frenzy takes hold I have a gift for you...and for me. I motion you over to me and take off your necklace. In its place I fasten around your neck a 3 inch wide leather collar with a large silver ring that dangles from the front. This is a symbol of my dominance in the room and my ownership of you. You are mine.

The men in their lust tie your arms behind your back and bend you over while standing. They enter you from the front and behind delighting in the wetness of your cunt and mouth. They are rough, gripping your throat, pulling your head back with your hair to accommodate yet another cock in your mouth. You catch your breath when you can, drooling but begging for more. In between your fuckings your ass is spanked with swats and taunts from the lust driven men. They are serious in their desire and they grin with the prize I have presented them. You are everything they had hoped for. A beautiful submissive slut to use, to fuck, to cum.

Some are spent early. A testament to your tightness and skill in pleasuring men. Some have waited. Savoring every inch of your pale skin now reddened with the abuse you have taken.

Over the hour your eyes have glazed over with ecstasy and exhaustion. You are pliable now and then men have you displayed for my turn.

You are tied on the couch, arms high over your head over the back of the couch. Your ankles bound and legs spread wide and back. So vulnerable, so beautiful.

My turn. I look you deep in your eyes. Your face dripping with cum, your makeup smeared. You have done well my princess and for this you will be rewarded. With my hand gripping my throbbing cock I slide into your red swollen peach coating my manhood with the juices that still flow from you. 

The men have probed and fingered your small bum hole but it is I who will be the sole violator.

With my cock well-greased you watch intently as I ease into your ass. Even after all the cocks you have pleasured you feel the fullness of me in you. As I thrust I keep my gaze into your eyes, my attention on my BabyGirl. The anticipated climax I have waited for has come and I fill you with my seed. Exploding out of your ass. The dribbles that remain I feed into your wanting mouth. Taste me.

The men are helpful in making you presentable for the exit of the building but only barely. It is dark now so our leaving is discrete.

Upon arriving home I carry you in like entering through the threshold on our wedding day. I gingerly undress you and we shower together. I gently clean your skin and wash your hair. You are exhausted and I hold you while lotion in your body. We lay in bed quietly smiling ...and I enter you again. Connected.

Xoxoxo