 Jillian looked as they set the last of the remaining dynamite charges around the Starlight Motel. Her heart felt heavy as she prepared for the implosion that would raze it to the ground. It was an old place, too expensive to maintain any longer and the developers had paid twice what it was worth for the land alone, but it still felt like a betrayal. The Starlight is where it had all started for her. It had helped raise her from the depths of despair to places she never thought that she could reach.

Her empire now spanned 4 hotels, all deluxe and booked solid throughout the year. The staff she hired was top-notch and she herself was among the nation's highest employer of women. Jillian had received several commendations for that, although if anyone looked closely, about 75% of her staff was gorgeous women and there was a reason for that – and it had all started with the Starlight.

Jillian had worked in the hospitality industry since she was 17, starting as a waitress, maid, dish washer and "gofer". She did whatever needed doing and learned every corner of the hotel / motel industry. She hadn't liked school and figured she'd work her way up from inside. She met a lot of pretty women while at work, travelers looking for a bit of no-strings girl-on-girl fun. Jillian was all too happy to provide it and by the time she was 19, she had quite a sexual portfolio. She never took cash for her nights of indulgence; one thing she was not was a hooker. The biggest thrill for Jillian was seducing a supposedly "straight" woman into her bed.

Despite all of this, one of her wealthier companions died unexpectedly of a heart attack at 45. Jillian went to the funeral and felt awful, she had really liked Millie. The woman was gorgeous, funny and could fuck up a storm. She was leaving the service when a nicely-dressed young man grabbed her arm.

"Are you Jillian?" The man asked. She nodded and the man continued. "I'm Jerrod, Millie was my aunt and I was also her attorney. She liked you; you were the first person to treat her kindly after my uncle bailed on her. Can you come to a reading of the will on Thursday? She left you something."

Jillian was truly surprised; she hadn't expected anything like that. She was floored when Jerrod told her that his aunt had left her fifty thousand dollars and an old motel her husband had left her in the settlement.

"It's a pretty ramshackle place, but it was nice once," Jerrod told her. "They have a nice ballroom and it's got about 10 rooms, nice kitchen – my uncle was a lazy bastard and my aunt didn't have the business acumen to keep it going."

Jillian believed that her friend had left her the business precisely because she would be able to revive it. She was certain the cash was to help with that. Okay, she had a leg up, now she had to figure out a way to revive the place and make it into a going concern. She was going to have to roll up her sleeves and do some hard work, but she was no stranger to that.

The place was – a dump, no getting around that. On the outskirts of town, it had seen better days. Jillian almost expected to see tumbleweeds blowing by. It would take a lot more than 50 grand to make it habitable, Jillian thought.

She thought wrong. She met with some plumbers, electricians and contractors who offered to do the work for a nominal fee if she was willing to pitch in and do whatever needed, even if it was just making coffee and small lunches. It was their off season and they needed the work. She agreed, made some handshake deals and it got underway. In a little over 2 months, the Starlight was up to code and ready to open – for under $40 thousand.

Jillian had come up with a gem of an idea while working with one of the painters. "Used to bring my girlfriend here," The guy had told her. "So off the beaten path, the wife never did find out."

Jillian discovered that the Starlight had been an infamous "No Tell Motel" at one point. She intended to go that one better.

She called some old girlfriends and offered all of them jobs. Each girl had a skill, there were no bimbos here, but all of them were gorgeous. "I intend to make this place a success again," She told the lovely young women. All of them were under 30, nice legs, great faces and yes, hired for their looks but also for their discretion. "I want this place to be somewhere where a guy can come and see some eye candy, you girls are the treats. If we do this right, word will spread – fast. Then I'm going to host a few little parties in the ballroom, private at first and we might get a reputation as a place where open-minded people can come and enjoy a discreet – VERY discreet, I cannot stress that enough – encounter."

One of her favorite playmates, a petite brunette named Lori, asked a question. "You're not asking us to be hookers, right?"

Jillian shook her head. "No, not at all. I'm not asking you to sleep with the customers either, although if you want to, that's your choice. We're going to be like that Hooters franchise you hear about – hot women with good service and reasonable prices. If this works, you'll earn good money, our waitresses will earn nice tips and I'll pay bonuses out of the profits."

"I'm in," Lori smiled; the rest of the girls chorused their agreement behind her. They decided to go for a uniform of short black skirts and white blouses, with jackets with a star on the breast pocket and the back. Lori suggested the slogan "Have fun under the Starlight" and that became the motto printed on the business cards.

Their first customer showed up a few days after opening. A real Texas wheeler-dealer who brought his wife AND his girlfriend with him on each trip. "The wife just loves to eat pussy," He told Jillian. "But in our community, she'd catch hell – real churchie-church types, y'all get my drift?" Jillian smiled and nodded. "I'm here to buy some stocks and enjoy a little holiday, the in-laws have the brats. Damn girl, y'all have some fine-looking ladies." The Texan was gazing at Lori when he said it, his wife Donna was flirting with a sassy redhead named Jeanette.

The following morning, Lori and Jeanette both reported sleeping with the couple and their playmate. "Her name is Ming and she didn't speak much English," Lori sighed. "But the tongue she did use worked just fine." Jeanette nodded in agreement; she had hoped to sample Ming herself. "We all ended up in their suite and had a blast; we didn't stop until 2 AM."

Jillian looked at the clock; it was only past 7 now. "I admire your dedication, ladies," He told them. "I'll make sure there's something extra in your checks on Friday. And hey – next time you go and party like that, come and get the boss lady, okay?" Jillian laughed.

The Texan checked out a day later than originally planned and Jillian was pretty sure he and Donna and Ming had worked through most of the staff. He left a hefty tip and Jillian only kept 10% for herself, dividing it equally amongst the girls. She believed they were off to a good start.

Within a month, the place was packed. JP, the Texan, had put the word out. Truckers came to eat good food and see sexy girls. Swingers came looking for a little discreet nookie and to see if the ballroom was available for parties. Some couples came for similar reasons as JP had, to get away from the routine and to fuck somewhere new.

Jillian wasn't suffering financially and she sure wasn't suffering sexually. She had slept with most of her staff prior to opening and slept with a few of them now, Lori most of all. The little brunette was a firecracker in bed, how had she learned so much about sex at only 21?

"I pay attention," She said while running her hands down Jillian's lean torso and toying with her nipples. "I pay close attention."

She must have, because Lori was an acrobat in bed, her pussy could snap your fingers so tight you couldn't move them. Her tits weren't too big or too small and her nose crinkled up when she was cumming. She didn't seem to tire and she wasn't the jealous type. She knew that her boss was her kind-of girlfriend, but if Jillian wanted to fuck other girls, fine – so could she. Other guys too, she was on a 24-7 cycle of horny.

Jillian didn't live high on the hog; she paid her girls well, re-invested some of the money and paid her own living expenses. She didn't even have a full room for herself; she had a pull-out bed in her office and showered in whatever empty room might be available. She did have a nice TV, one indulgence, and dressed a little nicer, no more Levis. One day, she hoped to wear Prada and Louis Vuttons. Most of her stuff was in storage because she was too busy for other things. If she needed sex, she had her choice of young lovelies and even an occasional man, if one caught her eye – a rarity. She'd even had to hire more staff because the waitresses and the cooks were running off their feet and the maids were working overtime just cleaning linens.

JP returned a few months later with Donna, but Ming was absent. "She has the flu, poor thing," Donna sighed. "This is Damitra; she works in JP's Houston office. Damitra, this is Jillian, the sexy bitch I told you about."

Damitra was an amazingly tall black woman of about 21 years. "We grow 'em big in Texas, girl," JP chuckled. Damitra held out her hand and Jillian knew at once she was going to fuck her. She hadn't indulged with any of the clients as yet, but she knew she would be bedding the black stunner.

She was right. JP and his companions showed up for dinner and she flirted with Jeanette and Lori while Donna and Damitra joined Jillian for a meal. This was something she had not expected; she hadn't known that Donna was attracted to her.

"Oh, my yes," Donna said, running a stockinged foot up her leg. "I usually prefer to lick some sweet pussy, like Damitra here – she is a delight. But JP doesn't mind me indulging once in a while and little Lori says you have a big strap-on – I do so love a big strap-on."

"Me too, baby," Damitra purred. "You wanna find a room and show me and Donna your big fake cock, baby?"

"You're going to find out, gorgeous," Jillian promised. "Come on ladies, I have an empty room available and the bed is huge. Let's party!"

"We haven't paid the check," Donna grinned.

"Dinner's on me, let's go fuck!" Jillian grinned back.

Damitra and Donna found out that Jillian had a very big rubber cock and knew how to use it. As Donna was the registered guest, she fucked her first while Donna ate the sexy black girl's cunt. Damitra was a noisy little fuck, but looked better naked than most girls Jillian knew. Slender and with the body of a model, gorgeous tits, bald pussy – it was rare back then. She also came like nobody's business.

Damitra liked to be on top and she moved in a serpentine fashion while Jillian got to eat Donna. The three of them fucked for a few hours before going to the kitchen for a late-night snack. Jillian kept it open all night, she got a lot of truckers and she also knew a lot of people were hungry after sex. JP and the girls were there as well and JP asked to speak with Jillian.

"Girl," JP told him. "I like you, I think you're a right smart cookie and you are gonna make your fortune. I'd like to help you out. I think you can do this again, find yoresef another run-down place, fix it up and hire more pretty girls to work there. I'll stake y'all and you can pay me back over 10 years and buy me out each time, leaving me with 10% for my initial investment. Sound good?"

Jillian nodded and she and JP reached a handshake agreement, although JP did insist on lawyers a while later. Jillian found a dilapidated hotel in the middle of town and reached a similar deal with contractors, fixing the place up for a fraction of the normal costs. She used part of her own profits from the Starlight and sent the rest of the bill to JP. Her new friend called Jillian long-distance the very next day.

"Girl, there's something wrong with this bill," JP told him. "It's about one-third of what it should be."

"It's the off season around here, they're happy to get the work," Jillian told her new partner. "I pay for materials, a bit for the labor and only a bit above that and keep costs down. I also feed them and help out if they need anything."

"Girl, it's like I done told you," JP chuckled. "You are gonna make your fortune."

JP was right. It didn't happen overnight, but it did happen. Jillian started buying up run-down or foreclosed-upon hotels and motels and applying the same philosophy to all of them. Make them nice, affordable, good food, good-looking staff and comfortable for those with "alternative" lifestyles. As time wore on, she hired more bi-sexual women and even a few men for some of her bi-sexual male clientele. She knew she had to keep up with the times, although the men mostly worked in the kitchen and did repairs of things that needed fixing. It was still the girls, the eye candy, that kept people coming back.

With every place she bought, he put "Light" in the title – Starlight, Moonlight, Sunlight, her latest entry was in Las Vegas and called the Night Light. She didn't always buy old buildings now, sometimes it wasn't feasible and the new place was entirely new from the ground up. It had a casino, a showgirl revue and still reasonable rooms and good food. She no longer needed JP's seed money, she had plenty of her own, but she had kept her word and her long-time friend and mentor still owned 10%.

Jillian felt a slender pair of arms surround her waist and smiled down at her new wife. They had finally made it legal a few months ago. As much as she was proud of everything she had accomplished over the past 20 years, the smartest thing she had ever done was marry Lori 5 months ago. Lori could still fuck Jillian into a state of near-exhaustion, she still loved to watch Jillian fuck other girls and she still liked partying with a pretty lady of her own once in a while.

Just yesterday, she had interviewed a lovely Asian girl for a hostess position at the Night Light. Jillian and Lori were on the same wavelength – the girl reminded them both of Ming. They still heard from her every so often, she was married now, but still worked for JP and lived in Texas.

Lori was going to have to slow down on the partying soon; she had already given up her daily martini. Their first child was on the way, they now had enough funds to have Lori go to a sperm bank and be artificially inseminated. Jillian was thrilled she would be having an heir to her empire. She gazed wistfully at her first venture and then watched it implode upon itself.

"Stings a little?" Lori asked, kissing her cheek.

"Stings a lot," Jillian told her. "The old girl was very good to me, she started all of this. I owe her and I owe Millie everything. Without them, I wouldn't have what I have, I certainly wouldn't have you."

Lori shook her head. "If you recall, I knew you before the Starlight and I knew I was nuts about you when I was 19. You did it all, your sweat and hard work made it possible. If you want to honor the Starlight, we have a new lounge in the Night Light – why not call it the Starlight room? We can even have a special table there we'll call 'Millie's Table' that we reserve for VIP guests only. We can I invite JP, Donna and their friends, maybe even Millie's nephew, Jerrod."

She gave her wife a huge kiss and a hug as they walked towards their chauffeured limo for the drive back to the airport. "I knew there was a reason I married you, that's a great idea."

She giggled and winked at the limo driver, a pretty redhead named Bethany who had just been hired last week. Lori had done the interview alone – it had taken 4 intense, steamy hours. "You married me because I was and am, the best fuck you ever had." She slid in and her skirt rode up her great legs. Even in her early 40's, she was still an exquisite beauty capable of arousing Jillian instantly.

"There's that too," Jillian laughed as she got in the car beside her. "There is certainly that too."