 All participants are over 18.

*****

The party had been a great success for all except me who lost my girlfriend as a result. At least I got to screw Louisa again. The girls whose new house it was in got some admiring comments from their friends and enough new business to occupy them all for the following fortnight.

The business that was generated from the web sites was so good that Roanne and Jane put up their prices. Sharon prices were already high enough that she didn't need to. For the next few weeks, new business flooded in and they received a lot of repeat bookings.

At the end of May, Sharon came to my office and said "I've had a strange request, Hans, and I want to see if you can help me out."

A married lady had contacted her and said that for her tenth wedding anniversary, she had offered her husband a threesome with her best friend. It went very well and they all enjoyed it immensely. 

Now, for their twentieth wedding anniversary she wanted to top her present ten years earlier and the only way it could be topped was with a foursome. She had asked her friends at the tennis club if anyone was interested but nobody was. She had decided to bring in the professionals i.e. Sharon and a gigolo. Sharon didn't know any men in the business and would I be prepared to join her. The only problem is that the lady is horribly allergic to latex, so it would have to be bareback.

"Tell the lady to go to the 'Special Clinic' in Union Street and tell them that she's discovered that her husband has been seeing a prostitute and she wants to be checked out. If she can prove that she has no STDs, I'll do it."

"How much will you charge?"

"Like you, I'll charge in inverse proportion to the attractiveness of the lady. Get her to send you a photo and I'll give you a quote."

Sharon emailed the lady, Beverley Jones, and asked for a photo of them both.

A day later, a photo of Beverly and her husband, on holiday on a beach arrived.

I looked at the picture of a red headed beauty in a bikini with her arm round a fair headed, good looking man in his swimming trunks on the sand somewhere. The label said 'Tenerife' with last summer's date. They both had trim figures. Beverley was very good looking as was Tim who had a neat beard like me. They looked as if they were in their late thirties.

"I'll do it for free."

"I'm going to suggest £200 for the entire evening that starts with a meal that they can pay for."

"A bargain for both of us."

The following Friday, we all met at an Italian restaurant in the centre of town.

"I'm Hans, shortened from Johann." I introduced myself and shoot hands with Tim and kissed Beverley's cheek.

"Nice to meet you Hans, I'm Tim Jones and this is my lovely wife Beverley."

"My friends call me Bev."

"I'm Sharon." said Sharon as she kissed them both.

We were shown to a table in an alcove towards the back and given copies of the menu.

"First, let's get some drinks in." suggested Tim.

He ordered a bottle of Chianti. "I'm going to start with Garlic Mushrooms, so anyone I'm going to sleep with needs to have garlic too."

"I think that's all of us." replied Beverley "I'm starting with cheesy garlic bread."

"Me too." said Sharon.

"And me, followed by a veal escalope with spaghetti Milanese."

"Sound nice," said Tim "but I'll have just a steak with all the trimmings. Sharon?"

"I'm only going to have Spaghetti Carbonara. I don't like to work on a full stomach."

"I don't know what to have," said Beverley. "I'm too nervous. OK, I'll have a Pizza Neapolitan"

We gave the waiter our orders and chatted about their marriage while we emptied the bottle of wine. "We have twins who are seventeen, eighteen next month. They are away at different schools and we only usually see them during school holidays."

"That must be hard." said Sharon.

"There are advantages like when we are getting frisky around the house, we can do it anywhere. And do!"

"Like tonight." replied Tim. "We wouldn't want them to know what we intend to do with complete strangers.

When they were young and we were enjoying a Sunday morning shag,they used to come in and jump on the bed while talking to us."

Sharon and I both raised our glasses. "Happy Anniversary to both of you. We hope you will enjoy your present."

"The wine's all gone." said Beverly.

Tim called the waiter over. "Another bottle of Chianti, please. No, make that two."

The meals arrived and we chatted and flirted our way through them. Beverley sat opposite me and she stroked my leg with her foot. I smiled at her and she winked back at me. I mouther "Later." and smiled wider.

"Who would like a sweet?" Asked Tim.

"Not for me." Answered his wife. "I'll just have a liqueur."

"I'll have a lemon sorbet, please." I answered.

"Just a coffee, please" replied Sharon.

When we had all finished, Tim called for the bill and called for a taxi on his mobile.

Our hosts had drunk about twice what Sharon and I had had so their walk to the taxi was unsteady though Beverley seemed less nervous.

We got to their lovely house which turned out to be in the next road to the girl's new house and sat down in the comfortable living room. Beverley got out a cheque book and wrote Sharon a cheque for £250. "Let me know if you want more." "Anyone for coffee?"

"Not for me thanks, I want to keep the lovely flavours from the meal for as long as I can." I replied.

"In that case," said Tim, "I think it's time for bed!" As we all climbed the stairs, Sharon pointed out that what we were about to do was for their enjoyment, and if either of us did anything that made our hosts uncomfortable, they shouldn't hesitate to tell us and we'd stop. I nodded.

We all sat on one side of the king size double bed. "Right," said Tim, "We need to know what's on the menu. You two can put on a sex show for us."

Sharon stood up and stood in front of me, where she leant down and gave me a passionate kiss. I reached behind her dress and unzipped it. Tim's eyes were on stalks as Sharon shrugged the dress off her shoulders and it fell to the floor leaving her only wearing her favourite white satin bra, some white lace panties and a pair of hold-up stockings. She sat beside me on the bed and sexily rolled each stocking off in turn. She then stood in front of me but with her back to me while I unfastened her bra and she allowed that to drop onto her dress and stockings on the floor. I then peeled her panties down slowly so that her blonde curly bush could be seen by our hosts. "What a pretty pussy." commented Tim.

"Unless you're very unlucky you'll get inside it soon." Replied Beverley.

Sharon faced me and got very close. Her slit was only an inch in front of my face. My tongue went out and started licking up from her outer lips to the hood that still hid her clit. "Mmmm, Mmmmm. that's lovely, Hans."

My hand went round behind her and fondled her bum pulling her closer to my mouth. Sharon started unbuttoning my shirt. I could see that Tim's hand was stroking Beverley's thigh. When my shirt was undone, I stood up and Sharon unzipped my jeans. I kicked my shoes off and stepped out of my trousers. It would have been obvious to any one looking that my cock was straining to get out of my boxers. It was Beverley who was looking. I took a step towards Sharon and our lips met for what turned into a snog. Sharon pulled my boxers down to my knees releasing my erect cock which bounced off her stomach. She pushed me back on the bed and straddled me so that my cock went into her pussy and started bouncing up and down.

"Enough!" said Beverley, "If that's what is on the menu, I'll have a deep kiss to start with followed by a large cunnilingus then a hard fuck from behind. I'll decide what I want for afters when I'm ready."

"And I'd like Sharon's pussy first in my face, then on my dick. With a side order of those lovely firm tits." decided Tim.

That suited me, and Beverley came to me, undoing her dress. I held her, and we had our first kiss. Her mouth tasted sweet from the liqueur she had had earlier. She returned my kiss passionately and very well. I have kissed girls before who looked hot but something was missing when we kissed. Beverley was not like that and her kisses were really turning me on as she sucked my tongue into her mouth. Her dress having fallen to the floor, I reached behind her and unfastened her bra and she took her tights off then pushed her panties down. I looked down to see her naked body. "Phew!" I exclaimed. "You are hot." she looked better naked than she had in the photo wearing a brief bikini. Our tongues tangled and pheromones escaped from somewhere on her body. I really wanted to fuck Mrs Jones. 

Her red hair reached the darkened nipples on her ample chest and I could see that it marched the colour of her pubes which had been trimmed into a sexy heart shape. I reached for one nipple and rolled it in my fingers. My mouth moved down to her neck and she growled. My other hand rubbed her spine as she trembled. She sat on the bed with me on one side and her husband on the other with his face pressed into Sharon's muff. Her hand nearest me gently stroked my prick, while the other searched for Tim's nearest hand and held it.

"Tim darling, Would you mind if Hans fucks me?"

"Of course not. At long as I can screw this young blonde beauty, too."

"What if he cums inside me?"

"You're on the pill, don't worry. Just have fun with him - that's what we're paying him for. Enjoy having him inside you, so long as I don't have to put up with Sloppy Seconds."

"Sharon," addressed Beverley "Please do everything you can to ensure that Tim comes inside your pussy."

Sharon couldn't reply because she was mewling as Tim expertly licked her gash.

"I need you to lick my pussy too, Hans" Said Beverley. I dropped to my knees so I could reach it with my mouth and and stuck my tongue between the outer lips of her labia, and with long strokes of my tongue, her panting got louder. I extended my middle finger and reached into her vagina. When I realised that it was soaking wet, a second finger joined it and I listened for an indication that I had found her G-spot. As I rubbed the upper wall, a gasp indicated that I had found it. I tickled the spot while still lapping on her clit. The sound of the two girls' mewling, gasps and groans was a delight to hear.

"Sharon?"

"Yes, Bev?"

"The last one to cum is a wuss. OK? Now Hans, I want fucking."

"Turn over then if you want it doggy style."

Beverly turned over so her body was on the bed with her legs parted and her knees on the ground. I gave her entire pussy a lick then plugged my disk into her cunt.

"Like that?"

"Mmmm, yes."

Tim took the hint and indicated that Sharon should lie back on the bed, where he moved to be on top of her. They too started gently fucking.

We all started to pick the pace up. My hands slid under to fondle Bev's tits. The were softer than I had recently been used to, but very sensitive.

Her cunt however was surprisingly tight. I drove my prick in and out of her. Soon her pants and groans were back to their previous level as were Sharon's.

As my prick went into Bev's cunt, she drove her bum backwards to meet it. Her bum was slapping against my stomach until she reached a peak and an orgasm swept through her. She loudly said "One. Beat you Sharon, you're the wuss." Seconds later, Sharon caught up with her. Both of us men both continued humping and soon the girls were screaming with pleasure again.

Beverley soon called out "Two." as she cane again, whereas Sharon called out "Five. That was a good long one and..." She had to stop talking because she was out of breath.

"I can't believe that a woman who's given birth to two children can be so tight." I sad to Bev.

"That's because I had them by C-section and frequently do my Kegel exercises."

I withdrew and said "On your back, Bev." She turned over and laid on the bed next to Sharon. I quickly got on top of her and we resumed our fucking. "Bring your knees up so they're behind your ears, Bev."

She more or less did that, and I enjoyed putting my entire equipment into her cunt from balls to helmet and after a score of thrusts or more when I hit her cervix with every stroke while my balls slapped against her anus, she came, ferociously again. This time the sensation was enough to send me over the top and I came inside her. After I had sat up with drips of cum dripping from my cock. Beverley sat forward and took my withering cock into her mouth. She licked it clean, so I reversed myself into a 69 position and licked her juicy receptacle clean as well. The feel of my tongue inside her pussy was enough to get her excited again and I managed to lick her to another big 'O'.

Meanwhile, Sharon had managed to get Tim to cum inside her. "We've been screwing for two hours. Does anybody need a break?" asked Bev. "I'm going to get another drink. Can I get anyone anything?" 

"Just bring four glasses and some cold champagne."

"OK, Tim. When I come back, we can all swap partners"

"Sorry I'm not into other men." I complained.

"No, not you and Tim or Sharon and me! My husband can screw me, and you can do whatever you like to Sharon."

As Beverley was walking out of the room with her naked arse wiggling behind her I thought "Ghod, I'd really like to fuck that. Hang on, I HAVE just fucked her."

Tim went downstairs to help his wife get the wine.

I laid back on the bed and Sharon moved over to be next to me. I whispered in her ear "OK?" 

She nodded. "They're a nice couple aren't they?"

They came back in with the glasses and a bottle of Dom Perignon which Tim opened.

"I've been thinking." said Beverley "Although we've both tried anal and enjoyed it. I've never been DP'd as Tim only has one dick. I've used my vibrator while Tim is in my backdoor, but it didn't feel right. How about it? Are you up for it, Hans?"

"Yeah, fine with me. Now?"

"As soon as we've finished the wine. Do you want to go through my front door or the back?"

"I'm rarely allowed to shag her arse," Said Tim "so I think I use that. Pass me the lube, Bev."

Bev and Tim applied the lube to their parts and Bev laid down in the centre of the bed. Tim laid beside her, and after she had stuck her out her bum, he slowly pushed his pipe into Bev's anus. She grimaced a few times but eventually got it all in. I laid down in front of her as I pushed my prick into her damp pussy. Sharon laid behind me and kissed us all before leaning down and suckling Bev's tits.

Every time that one of us moved, all the others could feel the motion. Sharon called out "One , Two, Three" repeatedly. On One, Bev wiggled, on Two it was Tim's turn and on three, I thrust in and out. Very soon we were all moving, and Sharon was back to suckling while Tim was tickling Bev's clit.

Because I was closest, Bev and I were snogging. Bev started gasping then instructed us: "Fuck me Tim, and you, Hans. Faster, deeper, fuck, fuck, I'm cumming..." and cum she did. Harder, Noisier and more completely than any of the other times she had cum before during the evening. In spite of having cum in Sharon thirty minutes earlier, Tim ejaculated a load of cum into Bev's arsehole. I emptied mu balls into her smooth cunt. "That was great," declared Beverley "The feel of two independent cocks pleasuring ma at the same time while someone else was deeply kissing me. We MUST do that again, next time. But I'm too exhausted to cum again. I need to sleep."

It had reached two AM.

"Shall I call a taxi for you, or would you like to stay the night?" asked Tim.

"I only live in the next road," said Sharon, "but I'd like to sleep with you all tonight then we can have another screw in the morning. At no extra cost to you, of course."

The bed was wide enough for us all, so we all cuddled together, with me and Sharon on the outsides then Bev and Tim between us. I woke in the night to find that Bev was playing with my penis, so I stuck one finger up her cunt and we went back to sleep.

In the morning Bev made the proposition "Our twins, Alexandria and Richard will be having their eighteenth birthday in a month's time. We want to give them a birthday present they'll never forget as it's their coming of age sexually. We'd like the two of you youngsters to remove their status as virgins. Would you do that for us? And how muck will it cost?"

Sharon looked at me in surprise and nodded. "Make us an offer on what you think it's worth." I nodded too. "Do you two want another fuck before we go?"

We all went back upstairs...

The following day was Saturday so we were able to have a lie-in. Beverly went downstairs and, still naked, brought us a tray of toast and coffee. "Be careful where you drop the toast crumbs" said Sharon, "It will be uncomfortable to lie on them while Tim is screwing me."

"I won't be doing that yet. I need to make love to Bev, first."

"That means that Hans can't fuck me until you've finished, Oh selfish husband!"

"That's no problem," said Sharon "I'll keep him occupied until you've finished."

I got out of bed and went to the other side where Sharon was lying. "You say the nicest things, dear."

"You'll have be gentle, I'm a bit sore from last night."

I pulled back the quilt covering her and placed kisses on each of her nibbles.

Heavy breathing emanated from the other side of the bed as Tim got his way.

It was soon also coming from our side of the bed, as well. Sounds like "ooooh, aaaagh, mmmm. Fuck me, Oh God, Yes, Right there, Deeper, harder, I'm cumming and where's the tissues." Were whispered or screamed in male and female voices from both sides of the bed. 

When the room had gone quiet, Beverley called out "Time to swap over."

Tim and I swapped places and soon the same noises started again.

Beverley had rolled on top of me and was now straddling me with my cock firmly inside her. She bounced up and down and suddenly I popped out. I tried to remake the connection. "We'll need the lube if you want to come in there."

"Sorry." I slipped into the correct hole which was dripping with her juices.

"You bastard!" proclaimed Tim "I told you last night that I hate Sloppy Seconds."

Sharom giggled.

I replied "So do I, but it's worth it to be able to make love to your wife again."

"You're not making love to me, Hans." Said Bev "You're fucking me, and I R E A L L Y L O V E it."

I looked at her at she rode me to satisfaction., Her long red hair shone in the daylight. Which also exaggerated the freckles that covered her neck and shoulders right down to her breasts. As she rode me, the violent movement made her large breasts jiggle. If I hadn't cum inside Sharon a few minutes previously, The sight of this beauty enjoying herself on my prick would have given me an instant orgasm. "Come on Johann," I thought to myself, "Control yourself until Bev cums as well."

"Move yourself up to my face, Bev." As she moved on her knees, I put my middle finger into her soaking honey pot, and once she was placed where my tongue could lick her pussy, I stuck my lubricated finger up her arsehole. Whether it was the position of my finger or my tongue licking her clit I don't know, but the result was that she had a tremendous orgasm.

"I'm going to use the shower. Would you like to join me?"

We walked to the main bathroom where I soaped her all over, and Bev soaped me. 

"While I soaped up, she me give you a titty wank.

I had recovered enough by then to enjoy my cock being massaged between her fabulous Breasts. She wanked me to completion Then we rinsed the soap and cum off one another and dried one another in warm fluffy towels. We walked back to the bedroom where Tim gave Sharon another orgasm as we walked in. Bev gave Tim a long kiss while he caressed her boobs. Then Tim took Sharon by the hand and led her to the shower. Bev and I dressed and went downstairs. Soon the others came down and joined us for more coffee.
