 Chapter 3 - Good dates. Bad prospect

Edie also was the next girl to get a 'date' based on passing out our business cards to about thirty limousine drivers she talked to at the airport -- 'Sensations' on one side, and her first name and cellphone number on the other. She thought it might be a long shot, but one day not soon after she got a call.

"Hello, is this Edie?"

"Hi. Yes, it is." Her voice was friendly and encouraging, inviting follow-on conversation. She'd rehearsed along with her roommates how to answer so each of them had the 'right' sound.

"My name is Martin Powell. My limousine driver gave me your name and number. I'm in town for a special dinner and I need a gorgeous young lady on my arm. The driver raved about your looks, and said you were a redhead. Can you tell me about yourself? I love redheads."

In her best southern drawl and sounding sexy as all hell, Edie told him, "I am a redhead with freckles, of course, about five-four barefoot, twenty-one, and my stats are 37-25-38, but I am told all the bumps and curves are in the right place with the right shape. I'm a student at the University, and I hale from up north outside of Atlanta. I like to have fun, enjoy tennis and golf when I have the time, and I love to swim and walk on the beach. Now, what about you?"

Martin said, "I'm mid thirties, have a thing for redheads as I said, and younger women such as you. I'm a golfer too, but most of my time is spent running my own company -- we make special watertight containers of all sizes, and understand packaging and waterproofing better than anyone." He paused and asked, "Are you reasonable?"

Edie laughed, "I'm very reasonable, but that's a relative term; I am high end, though, and worth every penny. Satisfaction guaranteed. To go to your dinner would be $500, after all a girl has to eat. Beyond that it'd be quite a bit more if you'd like a complete date."

Martin balked, "And, what if there were two of us?"

The question caught Edie totally off guard, "Two?"

"Yes. I have a friend I'm with. We both like redheads."

"Same for the dinner, but fifty percent again for anything else." As Edie spoke, she had a rash of sudden emotions sweep through her. What if one of these guys was a vice cop? What would fucking two guys be like? Would they be kind to her or was she signing up for a BDSM evening of some sort? She'd read Fifty Shades of Grey, and while the practice sounded like fun, although she wasn't into pain.

Martin said, "Might we meet for a cup of coffee or glass of wine ahead of time, just to get to know each other briefly? We could go over some details. I was thinking about ten-thirty tomorrow morning at the Starbucks on the corner by Pelican and Orange Avenues."

Edie took a big breath and said, "That sounds like a good idea. How will I recognize you?"

Martin laughed, "I'll be the guy coming on to every pretty redhead in the place."

On that note they ended the call. Edie told her roommates all about it when they got back from class. After talking, they decided that Kat would go with Edie to the Starbucks to also meet the guy. She'd excuse herself after the initial greetings, so Edie and Martin could talk.

Thus, at ten-twenty, the pretty redhead and tall blonde sat outside in the shade of a large Banyan tree drinking skinny lattes. Before much conversation, a man in his mid-thirties approached the table. "Edie?" he asked of Edie.

"Martin? Yes, please join. This is my friend Kat."

After some cordial conversation, Martin excused himself to go get a coffee. While he was gone, Kat whispered, "He looks too good to be true. Ask to see his wallet. Look for cop stuff."

Martin got back. Before the conversation resumed, Edie bluntly asked in her honey-coated accent, "Martin, please don't take this request the wrong way, but might I peruse your wallet for a minute. I promise I won't take anything."

Martin laughed and passed over his slim and burnished leather billfold. Kat watched as Edie went through the various cards: a platinum Amex and Visa, ATM card, an Illinois driver's license, AAA, and a number of the cards indicating membership in a country club and some other groups. Kat had watched carefully; she nodded at Edie to indicate her approval.

To take the edge off the examination, Edie smiled and said, "You're thirty six?"

"Yes, and a life-long resident of the Chicago area. You mentioned you were from Atlanta?" She passed the wallet back to him.

"Well, a suburb; Roswell in Fulton county, that's northwest of the city."

Kat stood suddenly, "Errr, I should let you two chat alone." This was the rehearsed exit the girls had planned.

She took one step to leave but Martin gently grabbed her hand. "Please don't leave. I think we might also want to get to know each other."

Kat checked with Edie who shrugged and gestured back at Kat's empty chair. Kat sat down. She studied Martin and said, "I just don't want to get in the way. Edie told me how much you like redheads."

"I like blondes too, and almost as much." He laughed at his own humor.

Edie joined him, "You probably like all women."

Martin confessed, "There's truth to that statement, but I am slowing down as I get older." He laughed at his deprecating remark.

The trio talked about a few non-sexual topics including Martin's business and the girls' studies. 

After about a half-hour, Martin checked his watch. He looked between the two girls, "I'm afraid I have to go. I have a luncheon meeting on the other side of the city." He paused and then went on, "I'd like to engage both of you escorts for the weekend. As I mentioned, it won't just be me. I have a buddy who's in town too, and we'd like some companionship. Would four-thousand be acceptable for the two of you -- Friday for our dinner to Sunday morning, and everything in between." His wicked grin implied a lot of sex would take place.

Kat emphasized, "No rough stuff. No pain. No marks. We have a few other boundaries too."

Martin quickly said, "Wouldn't think of it, nor my friend Jerry, if he can make it. We're lovers not fighters. We'll squire you around, have some fun on Saturday -- maybe even rent a boat if you're up for it, and find some good food and drink, and ... well, get it on with the other stuff too. If you have boundaries, tell us and we'll respect them."

The girls checked in with each other, and both nodded. 

Amber played the role of safety. She was in the hotel lobby with her camera phone at the ready when Kat and Edie met up with Martin and Jerry. After she'd surreptitiously taken a couple of photos, she faded into the background and went home to study.

Kat and Edie had dressed in evening wear, long sequined dresses -- one white and the other green to go with Edie's eyes. Martin and Jerry were both in tuxedos. Polite kisses were exchanged, and Jerry was properly introduced to the women. The four piled into a limousine, drove about ten city blocks to another hotel, and soon the foursome found themselves with about five hundred other similarly dressed people at a charity dinner.

Edie hugged Martin's arm, "You didn't tell us it was a charity gig. This is nice. I take it you support this one."

Martin smiled, "We support a few of them from mu family's foundation. It's a goodwill gesture on our part as a company as well.

Jerry said, "Martin talked our company into a generous donation to this one too."

Kat said, "I'm very impressed with you two gentlemen. I thought this would be some big sales pitch meeting or something like that."

Edie had been looking around. "Martin, where are we sitting?" The tables had numbers, but in checking-in Martin and Jerry had ignored getting their table assignment.

Martin smiled knowingly at Jerry and said, "Follow me. It's about time we took our seats anyway." On that note he led Edie, Jerry, and Kat to a short stairway at the front of the huge ballroom, and thusly to the dais that faced out on the hundred or so tables sitting ten to a table. They joined ten other people at the long table on the stage. Introductions were made. The girls were suddenly 'close friends from the area.'

Kat whispered to Edie, "O.M.G. We're on stage at the head table. These guys are important. Surely, everyone will figure out what we are. 'Close friends from the area' is a rather transparent euphemism."

Edie nodded, "I can't believe we're on display. I'm sure glad we dressed to the nines." She smiled and flipped her red hair back over her shoulder in a sexy move. She noted that every male eye in the place was on either her or Kat. She chuckled to herself, 'Take your pick guys, redhead or blonde ... or both ... and we fuck like minks.'

Martin gently placed his hand at Edie's back and led her to a seat towards one end of the dais. Jerry and Kat were next to them. They staggered boy-girl as they sat. Jerry ended up next to a matronly-looking woman probably in her late seventies. Kat noticed she put her hand firmly on Jerry's thigh just below his crotch when she wanted to get his attention. The bold move made her laugh and later to wink encouragingly at the woman as she again went to talk to Jerry.

Edie chided Martin for not giving her the whole low-down on how important he was to this evening's festivities. He shrugged and offered one word of explanation, "Modesty."

Wine flowed, hors d'oeuvres circulated, a mouth-watering entrée and a delicious dessert got served, and cognac followed. The conversation flowed smoothly, Edie engaging in a discussion with Kat and the men on the merits of tablet technology in K-12 education. Even Kat found her knowledge laudable. When her turn came, Kat turned the discussion to the forgotten countries of South America -- the ones we hear so little about in North America, yet we share the hemisphere with them. Apparently, some of the funds from the charity supported children's health and education in these countries.

By the end of the evening, the men seemed impressed with the girls as partners. The girls had politely applauded as Martin and Jerry accepted awards from the charity for their personal work and that of their foundation and companies in supporting the Children's Fund. 

During the meal, Kat and Edie had the opportunity to look out across the audience and study the various other couples at the fund raising gala. Kat whispered across Jerry to Edie, "I think there are a lot of other escorts here tonight. Big night for business." Edie nodded and checked out the audience. Sure enough, many of the middle age and older men had gorgeous young women on their arms at the event. No one seemed to blink an eye. Kat speculated, "Obviously, a lot of people have 'close friends in the area.'"

As they prepared to leave the event around nine-thirty, Edie said to Kat, "I find comfort in that we look like we fit in with this crowd. These are the high rollers, and we were dressed and behaved like the others here, including the 'working girls.'

Kat ruminated, "I'd love to talk to some of the more established girls, you know like find a mentor in this business. Some days I think we're just lumping along. It'd be nice to know that we're really doing the right things for our business and for ourselves."

Jerry had overheard part of their conversation. He turned, "I can arrange that for you. I know a few of the girls here in town from prior trips. I'm sure they'd let me arrange for you to meet. They might even feel the same way you do."

Kat leaned up and kissed Jerry on the cheek, "You're a dear. Yes, we'd like that. We're new at this game, but we want to find out how to excel. I promise we'll make it worth you while."

Jerry chuckled, "Well, let's take our limo back to the hotel, and see if we can all excel with each other in some way."

A half-hour later, Kat's white sequined dress fell off her hips to the floor. Kat was naked except for her sexy white heels, and a small white thong.

Jerry smiled as he captured the blonde in his arms and kissed her. As he did he ran his warm hands up her side until his thumbs rounded the curve of her breasts and found her nipples. Kat moaned into the kiss with the handsome man.

Beside the other bed in the suite, Edie and Martin were already naked. Edie was pumping Martin's full cock into her mouth as she sucked on his shaft, milking the pre-cum from the organ and lapping up every drop with slurping sounds that suggested pure erotic sex. As she sucked, Martin leaned over pumping two fingers into her quim.

Edie glanced sideways to see Kat tumble onto the other bed on her back. She was laughing as Jerry joined her. Jerry slipped down the bed and buried his head in Kat's pussy, his tongue and fingers moving with great purpose across her best friend's sexy geography.

After the bouts of oral sex, Edie was surprised when Martin pulled her to standing position and nudged her towards Jerry. At the same time, Jerry was sending Kat to Martin. The girls grinned at each other as they changed partners. The subsequent rounds of blowjobs and cunnilingus were equally well received.

Kat finally teased Martin, "Do you want to start the evening fucking a blonde or a red head?"

Martin said in a teasing tone, "You, but I'll have the redhead in a little while. Is that all right with you?"

"Oh, better than all right, but let's get started because I'm in love with this hard cock and it's going to waste not pumping back and forth in my tight little pussy."

Kat maneuvered Martin back between her legs and lifted them up slightly in a bold invitation for him to penetrate her. No fool, Martin immediately sank his cock into the blonde's boiling pussy in one long, slow, piercing stroke. At the end, he simply mashed his pubes against Kat's as they both moaned in the satisfaction of sexual coupling and kissed with renewed passion.

"God, Martin. You really satisfy. If you move only a little I'm going to pop an orgasm again. You have me on the ragged edge."

Martin took about ten strokes, and by then Kat's back was arched off the bed and she was blissfully moaning and urging his cock deep into her body by pulling with all her strength on his hips. After that climax had passed, the pair took their time to establish a comfortable rhythm in a variety of positions where they could make out and fondle all the key body parts. The culmination of their fuck arrived quietly as Martin's cum filled the spasming warm cunt surrounding his cock. The pair ground their lips together with renewed passion.

Kat moaned, "Oh, God, Martin. I can feel you squirting your warm fluid inside me. This is the sexiest thing I've ever felt. Fuck."

On the other bed, Jerry plundered Edie's body, producing at least an orgasm every few minutes from the over-sexed redhead. Edie still wore the stiletto heels from the banquet, an arousing gesture given how long they'd been fucking. After a long high-speed fuck, Edie and Jerry reached a crescendo at the same time, announced their climaxes to the entire hotel, and then fell back to earth in the bed with gasps for air, and the temporary fatigue only lovers know. Their hands continued to roam all over each other.

The girls had talked about it, but here was the first time for them to really entertain their men with something they thought would be sexually unusual and arousing. Edie held her hand out to the other bed. While Martin was confused, Kat was not. She pulled off of Martin's cock, turned, and then in ten seconds had cleaned his cock of the residue from their fuck. Before she lost a drop of cum from her pussy Kat slid into the other bed next to Edie in a sixty-nine position, slowly lowering her drippy cunt to just over Edie's mouth and tongue. In seconds, she'd pulled Jerry's cock from Edie's pussy, cleaned the shaft with a loud sucking sound, and then lowered her mouth while waggling her tongue to her roommate's pussy.

Their tongues waggling in the air at first, the two women dove into each other's sodden pussies, lapping at the dribbles of cum oozing from the ejaculations they'd received. Both men stared in awe at the two girls sucking the male protein from each other's cunts. There was occasionally the patter of one of the girls about the high quality and taste of the sperm they were sucking down.

Jerry muttered, "Awesome!"

Martin turned to his friend; "I've never seen girls do this, even in porn flicks, and I've watched a lot of porn -- live and on the Internet."

Edie had another orgasm under Kat's fingers and tongue, but she was like that all the time. After the small climax had passed, she went back to eating out her friend, making a show of the lewd act by making the event noisy with slurping sounds, visual with obvious use of her mouth and tongue, and lewd by using her fingers to reach deep into Kat's cunt to speed up the exit of the cum deep inside while Kat duplicated her moves. When the girls finished, Kat flipped around, and Edie and she made out with each other, snowballing the remaining cum in their mouths around, the girl on top dribbling the white viscous fluid into the other's open mouth.

Martin said in a low voice, "Christ, you two have made me hard again with that show."

Edie smiled and teased, "Oh, goody. Do I get to try you now? You've kept me waiting sooooo long and I just lust after your cock too." She revealed and stroked her wet pussy as she teased the hot young man.

Without an invitation, Kat reached over and fondled Jerry's rising cock. "I can't wait to try this one too. I love cock, lots and lots of cock."

Edie continued the dirty talk, "And I do too, but I like my cocks full of cum -- cum that can be splattered and smeared across my face, cum I can lick from my friend's pussy, cum I can suck down my throat, or cum that surges into my hot little pussy. Come on Martin, why don't we fuck for a little, and then you can pick how you want to leave your beautiful sperm on me."

Some short blowjobs ensured the cocks were of serviceable hardness. Edie lay back and invited Martin into her velvet warm pussy. "Come and make love to me, Lover. Let's put on a show for the others. I've wanted you ever since I set eyes on you at Starbucks." Martin almost fell into her arms as Edie wrapped her legs around his thighs and pulled him more tightly into her body, assuring maximum depth of penetration of his generous cock in her quim.

A loud groan filled with pleasure floated from Kat's throat as Jerry filled her cunt too. The only thing that stopped her sounds were the kisses he rained down upon her lips -- French kisses that consumed their tongues and displayed their passion.

