 Chapter 1 - Starting Sensations

"We should become high priced escorts, that'd solve our money problems."

Edie's idea dropped on the floor of the student room shared by the three college juniors like a heavy book that gave a loud thud. A long silence prevailed. Kat and Amber weren't even sure if she was serious. They were desperate, but were they that desperate?

Kat tentatively asked, "How'd you reach that conclusion?" The tall blonde turned at her desk to face her two roommates.

Amber said with a tone of disbelief in her high-pitched voice, "You're kidding, right?" She'd looked up from her awkward posture on her bed, closing the heavy textbook she was studying with the title Economics printed on the front cover.

The three girls had become fast friends in their freshman year, bonded together by certainly several facts of life about each of them. They were each on their own; they were each broke and having to take out large student loans to attend college; and they were each stunningly beautiful young women.

Edie spoke slowly as she retraced her logic, her honey-coated southern accent drawing out some words, "Well, we need money to stay in school and get started afterwards in permanent jobs, the three of us want to meet rich men, have nicer clothes and nice cars, have more exciting lives, and enjoy more sex with more experienced men and maybe even try some kinky stuff. Both of you've said you want to improve your social life with something other than more fraternity parties and kegs of beer, and you both said you want to travel the world.

"So, from what little I know about escorts they have all those things, plus they can pick and choose their clients, set their hours, possibly trade a good client with close like-minded friends, and get paid A LOT of money. I recall a discussion only a week ago about also wanting to pay off student loans rapidly too, as unlike a prospect as that surely appears. At the rate I'm borrowing, I'll retire with student loans and still be living here with the two of you." Edie waved her arm around at their crowded and dumpy apartment to emphasize her last point.

Amber sat up as she realized Edie was serious about her proposal, "But there's a big step between those goals and becoming a prostitute. I can't believe you'd even say that. I thought you were such a goody-goody, plus we'd all get arrested and end up in jail."

Edie threw her dark red hair back, the long locks again flipping behind her, "Well, I don't like the word prostitute or the 'W' word, but sooner or later that's what we'll be, it's just with what I propose we'll also get some sex and make some money so we can finish college. Otherwise, we'll all end up doing what we don't want to do for someone else anyway just to eke out a living -- that's prostitution whether there's sex attached to it or not. And, I am not Miss Goody Two-Shoes." She crossed her arms in front of her generous chest, as though to add 'And that's final.'

Kat said thoughtfully, "I'm not dismissing the idea out of hand. I think the idea needs study -- you know research, just like we do when we're doing our homework for some class." She reached back and patted her open and aged laptop computer indicating that she'd been studying online. She added, "Plus, I could sure use some good sex about now. I'm horny again."

Amber sighed as she hugged her legs to her chest, "You're always horny. I don't even know what sex is yet. You guys can get sex whenever you want."

Edie poked her friend, "That's because you're a hold out. Sooner or later you've got to give it up -- your virginity. You're twenty and that may be a record in this school."

Amber remorsefully replied, "No. Graduating a virgin would be a record and a tragedy at the same time. It'd mean I never met any worthy guy. That's that old line, ninety-nine percent of guys are handsome, rich, and worthy, and the other one-percent go to school here."

Kat chuckled, "Maybe your standards are too high. I lost mine the night of a prom. Now, I'm picky. Yeah, there are a dozen guys I could fuck, but I don't 'like' any of them ... too much ego, testosterone, and Joe College around this place."

Amber said, "I agree. This place does not have eligible men -- boys but not men. When you see an eligible possibility, he's already taken."

Kat came back to her original idea, "I'm serious about doing some research on your idea. I sort of like it. It'll give me something to fantasize about. Could we divvy up the work effort and actually look into it?"

Amber was fast to respond, "I'll do my part, but I'm a skeptic."

Edie eagerly said, "Of course, it's my idea. Could we each spend four hours over the weekend exploring the idea from various perspectives, and then we can get together and compare notes Sunday night and see if we want to go further?"

The two other heads in the room nodded.

Sunday night, the three girls sat down in their shared room again to discuss the idea of becoming escorts.

Edie started, "I'll go first, if that's OK." The others nodded, and she continued. "I looked at the money side. There are all sorts of information on the web about what guys are paying for various levels of service from handjobs, to blowjobs, to the whole shebang. If we're nude, it seems to run $100, $200, and $400, but it can go up or down from there apparently depending on the sophistication of the girl, I guess."

Kat said, "I don't like those numbers. Too low for what I need. I thought escort girls got thousands."

Amber's shrill voice said, "They do. My numbers started about a thousand, but a couple of grand seemed the average and that was for an entire evening. I assume that means we'd get royally fucked part of that time."

Edie said, "We would. You guys got ahead of me. I think that the two thousand dollar range is what we should aim for, otherwise we really are not much more than low-end street whores, and that idea doesn't excite any of us."

Kat and Amber nodded.

Edie said, "There's a big 'But,' that we have to work around. We need to become much more sophisticated and smooth. Admit it, we're really rough around the edges compared to girls that command that much money."

Kat asked, "What do you mean?"

Edie said, "Look at us and how we're dressed; take Amber for instance: sweat pants, pink Keds with day-glow green shoelaces, a worn out Dave Matthews Band t-shirt with a hole in the side, no makeup, no jewelry except the six leather remembrance bracelets tied in knots on her left wrist, and lastly her hair tied back in a pony tail with a scrunchie. Do any of us think she's appealing to an upscale guy with a big wallet?" 

She turned, "And Kat, you're not much better. We dress like we don't care what others think, and that we don't want recognition as cool upper-crust chicks, and we certainly aren't interested in any of the goals we talked about last week, like riches, love, sex, and exciting lives. How we look is just one of the things we'd have to change about ourselves."

Kat said, "You're right. I'm lazy, and this outfit around campus takes no effort to think about."

Amber said cautiously, "What else?"

Edie said with a laugh, "The guys we want to target are not on this campus, unless they happen to end up here by mistake because they took the wrong exit off the Interstate. We want up and coming guys with good jobs and money, the country club set, the start-up business set, and the trust-fund set. They need to be horny but too busy to woo a real woman, so instead they pay us to be on their arm at some event and in their bed for a night. If they like us, there's repeat business. If we like them, we turn up the love light and see where it leads, just like in the movie Pretty Woman. Remember how hot Julia Roberts looked?"

Amber interrupted, "Speaking of Pretty Woman, let me tell you about the downside of this idea, and to soften the language for us, I will use the term 'escorts.' Escorts get beat up by clients, although that may be more a problem at the low end of the market. Escorts can get arrested just the same as prostitutes, although first offenders usually get off with probation and not jail time; you do get a police record and that bars you from some jobs. There's the risk of STDs and HIV. There's also high drug use in the profession, but we know that's sort of personal. We don't want to keep much cash around as the cops can confiscate that if they bust one of us -- drugs too, so no pot stashes in here anymore. Some players get taken over by a pimp who then wants piece of their action, and we wouldn't be in a position to fight that. Lastly, some of the men want very experienced women to turn them every which way but loose, and I for one am not that experienced. That's only part of my list. I have a lot more."

After a long silence, Kat said, "Amber's right. We need to go into this with our eyes open. Do you want to hear the summary of my review?"

Amber and Edie nodded.

Kat said in a crisp tone, "I came at it from a business point of view. We'll want to think like small business owners or entrepreneurs. We'll need to market our services -- targeted in just the right way to the people we want to reach. We may need to partner with others to run our business too. For instance, we'll need a nice place to go if our 'dates' don't take us to their place, we'll need transportation -- a limo is recommended at the high end. We need special wardrobes -- high-end clothes of all kinds -- formal, semi-formal, cocktail, and up-market casual. We'll need costly makeup, manicures and pedicures, business cards, constant medical checkups, and probably a bunch of other expenses I haven't thought of."

Amber laughed, "And we have no money to do any of this stuff."

"But we have our bodies as currency to buy some of what we'd like."

"What do you mean, a limo ride for a blowjob?"

"Exactly."

"Jeeze, this is going to be tougher than I thought," Amber laughed at the idiocy of the idea.

Kat said, "Look, for clothing and shoes we can frequent the consignment shops as we start. For makeup, we can pool our resources and we can also go to one of the shops at the mall and let them do us up for free just before we go on a date. Come on, we can be really creative about all this."

Edie sweet-talked Amber, "Think of the long term. Assuming we are discreet and pleasing, and do our homework on our clients, we won't get caught. We can use our first couple of payments to springboard into the stuff we need. Moreover, we can keep this business going after we graduate, maybe even branching out geographically and partnering with other girls in the same business."

Kat said, "Look, I've got some cash that's supposed to last me the rest of the year. I'll put that up to fund getting us started. It's not much, but it'll take care of some rudimentary stuff."

Amber said, "I could contribute some too, but there are things we don't do or know how to do? It's more than money we need to get started."

"Like what?"

Amber consulted some notes, "We need to learn self-defense to handle the rough guys. We should carry pepper spray, for instance, and know how to use it. We need some guy -- big and menacing preferably -- to look like our protector and enforcer. We need complete hairstyling, and toned bodies. We need to be able to walk miles in heels too, not just from the limo to a hotel room."

She went on, "We need to study men and learn what turns them on and off, particularly the guys we want as clients. We need to be cosmopolitan and urbane, and well spoken -- although we're probably OK on that last front. We have to stop being shy; we need to be outgoing -- you know 'fake it 'til we make it'. That'll be hard for me; I'm naturally shy. We need to learn a lot about the upscale end of this entire geography, particularly downtown Tampa and the up-scale beach areas: top clubs, restaurants, bars, meals, wines, liquors, and all that stuff. We need to know the seedy places too: strip clubs, gay and lesbian hangouts, brothels, and lord knows what else. We need to learn how to flirt, really flirt and not the college version of what passes for that. All that's a tall order."

Kat said, "Look, we don't have to be experts to start, we just need to pretend a little. I say we layout a plan to pickup all these skills, and fill in the details we'll need such as how to find clients. In the meanwhile, we can see if we can line up some of the other people we'll need."

Edie said, "I agree. I think we should each spend a day or more on this a week. Before we commit to this, are we all really on board with this idea? It's life changing."

"I'm in."

Amber sighed, "Me too, although I'll need you guys to hold my hand a lot."

* * * * *

"My feet are killing me. I never thought I'd be walking in heels from Osgood Hall to Colburn Hall. It feels like twenty miles." Kat paused by a tree, leaned against it, took a shoe off, and rubbed her foot.

Edie laughed, "Quit bellyaching. It's not even a half-mile. Besides you look really good in the gray slacks and spike heels, sexy even. I bet you one of your professors will come onto you."

"That'd be a gas. They have less money than most of the students. Look at how crappy the cars in the faculty lot are."

"You can still change your mind."

"Nope. This is for keeps. This is my new image for the rest of my life. That which does not kill me, makes me stronger."

Amber came limping up, "I think my blisters have blisters. I've got to go back and get my Keds."

Edie insisted, "No. Toughen up. You look sexy in that pretty dress. Sneakers will ruin the image."

"I was thinking of putting on sweat pants too."

* * * * *

"So here's a partial list of the clubs, bars, and places we need to go to rub elbows with our potential clients. I narrowed it down to a 'top' one hundred. I've also put together what I call bridge lines: the sentences we can use to explain what we are doing without stepping over the bounds of propriety."

Kat and Amber looked over Edie's typed list.

Kat asked, "This was a lot of work. It's great. What are the little codes after the name of the place?"

Edie said, "Oh, that explains which night is Ladies Night -- when we can get in with no cover and no minimum. The guys know that too, so they show up to see whom they can pick up. The second code is a rating on the income strata of the guys in the club, but that's pure guess. The third is my guess at the likelihood of a connection."

Amber asked, "How come the country clubs are rated so low?"

"The men mostly attend with their wives, although some couples might want to pick up one of us for an evening of fun."

"They would?"

"Yeah. Semper Paratus -- always prepared."

Amber said slowly, "I still don't know what to do to a guy, and I certainly don't know about women."

Kat teased her, "Do you masturbate?"

"Everyone masturbates."

"Do the same thing to the woman. Use toys if she has some."

"Toys?"

"Vibrators. Dildos. Strap-ons. Beads. Eggs. Butterflies. Nipple clamps. Butt plugs. Things like these."

"Really. I've never ... well, I used a cucumber once. I don't even know what some of those things are."

Kat stepped over to Amber, and put her arms around her. "Babe, I am going to make love to you right now, and Edie can join me if she wants."

Edie smiled and nodded. Amber looked worried.

"We are so going to fuck you and give you a bunch of orgasms that will make you boil over in gratitude by the end of the day."

"But, ... well, ... I'm not ... I haven't ..."

Kat's lips covered Amber's, and the kiss went on from there. The tall blonde pulled the top from Amber's pixie-like body, carefully placing the nice clothing atop a desk chair. As she pushed the lacy bra aside, and ran her hand over the small woman's erect nipples, Edie was undoing Amber's skirt and helping her step out of her heels. The thong that matched the bra followed seconds later.

Amber gasped into Kat's kiss. "Oh, fuck. Edie just put her fingers inside me."

"Good. I want my tongue in there too."

"Oh, God, really? Do you have to? Be gentle. This changes so much ..."

Kat nodded, and kissed Amber again. Amber kissed back instead of stoically standing there waiting for the next thing to happen to her. After a particularly hot kiss, Amber said, "I'm embarrassed being the only person naked in the room. If we're going to do this, will you two please lose your clothing?"

As the last of the clothing revealed the nubile bodies of her roommates, Amber blushed a scarlet color but stared at Kat and Edie's tits and pussies, body parts she'd only caught brief glimpses of since the three girls roomed together. She noted that Kat salivated with lust for her body, a point that shocked her when she realized the sapphic implications.

Edie stood licking her fingers already wet with Amber's lubricating juices. She looked at Amber. "Come and kiss me," she said softly in a tone that invited the new intimacy.

Amber took three steps, but then stopped just in front of Edie clearly not sure what to do next. Edie pulled Amber's naked body against her own, pushing their bodies together from thigh to chest. Their breasts mashed together and they both felt the electricity through their hard nipples as they rubbed against one another. Edie lifted Amber's chin, and kissed her so sensually the temperature in the room rose ten degrees. If they were role playing, they were sure doing a good job of it.

Kat came up behind the pixie and pushed her own body against Amber's back, her erect nipples etching the moment into the skin as she pushed Amber more tightly into Edie. Amber, sandwiched between the two other sexpots, groaned, and in lovely and conflicted passion suffered the hot sapphic kisses from her best friends.

In a blink, they were on Amber's bed. Edie's mouth sucked on Amber's tongue in an erotic French kiss that sent electrical impulses throughout both of them. The kisses moved along her neck, ears, and collarbone, and then lower. And then, as Amber stiffened for the first time, her nipples were sucked on, creating a luscious experience felt not only in her nubs, but also deep inside her groin.

At Amber's lower extremities, Kat smoothed and licked from the pixie's knees upward, along each thigh. Her efforts shifted to lick around the edge of the bush of raw and unkempt pubic hair, and then her fingers and kisses slowly drew closer and closer to Amber's vagina and clitoris.

Magically, a long flesh-colored vibrator appeared in Kat's hands, and seconds later the business end of the device sank into Amber's cunt at a slow rate until little remained to be seen. Minute by minute, Kat turned up the vibrational frequency and intensity of the device until Amber continuously moaned, jerked, and twisted her body to avoid the device and yet to have it move even deeper into her body. Kat pumped the device back and forth like a long cock fucking the young woman.

As Kat's tongue raked across Amber's clit, Amber's entire body stiffened and locked in position for a half minute. The pixie had been so keyed up and so expectant, she crested from the smallest touch to her most private parts.

Kat's effort didn't stop there, oh no. She extracted the vibrator, and her fingers came into play, teasing around Amber's labia, and then slowly two fingers slid into the tight but sodden quarters where no male had yet to tread. Amber moaned even more loudly, and that spurred on Kat to use her tongue more on the clit that poked out from its hiding place between the tasty folds of skin.

"You taste like nectar," Kat told Amber. "I love this. I may never leave. You've been holding out on us, keeping this savory pussy all to yourself. Guys will pay a fortune to suck these juices." She dove back into the pussy, making long sweeps with her tongue.
