 This is a sequel to "You First." The context will be provided as the story unfolds ...

*

"So ... how was it?" 

But Anne knew how it was because Tim would not stop grinning. She was genuinely happy for him, and glad he was so appreciative. Sometimes she thought of her husband as a bit of a sadsack. Saggy physique, always frowning. Now he'd come alive, showing his teeth, puffing up his chest. He looked like a man. Maybe this was the right choice. Hopefully it was the right choice, letting her husband and her best friend sleep together to fulfill mutual needs.

Tim was still smiling. 

"Tell me about it. What was she like?" Tina was Anne's best friend and had been for more than a decade, but she didn't know what she was like in bed. Sure, she'd heard stories, but all from Tina's perspective, and even then nothing lately since Tina's marriage ended badly.

"It was good ..." Tim said through his giddy smile.

"Yes? ... Details, please?" Anne realized as she said this that she was being a little disingenuous. She'd watched the whole encounter on a security camera she'd installed in the basement, with Tina's full knowledge. Tina had even made a show of it, occasionally giving a wink or a thumb's up to her friend behind Tim's back. But Tim didn't know about the camera or that his wife had been watching and she wasn't sure how to broach the subject. For now, though, she wanted the details from Tim not because she hadn't seen what happened, but because she wanted to know how he felt about it—what he liked about having sex with Tina. Anne knew that she'd get Tina's thoughts, too, inevitably, about how she felt about Tim in the sack.

"Well, ..." Tim started out and then described the encounter slowly, with wide eyes, pausing only occasionally for reassurance, like when he described Tina's breasts: "Are you sure you want to hear this?" Anne nodded yes. She knew what Tina's tits looked like anyway, even before the video. What woman hasn't seen her best friend's tits? And honestly, seeing Tim so excited about sex and describing it in great detail was turning her on. She'd masturbated while watching them on the video as they were fucking, and now she was feeling the urge again as Tim was describing the encounter orally. 

As he spoke, telling Anne about what it was like to go down on her best friend, what she tasted like, Anne's hand moved instinctively to her own pussy, gently rubbing under the covers as Tim spoke. She watched his lips and tongue move describing how he employed them on her friend and she imagined him using them on her. Tim being her husband, it was very easy for Anne to place herself in Tina's situation as he gave the blow-by-blow. For now, Tim was unaware on the effect his storytelling was having on his wife, but he was less oblivious on the effect it was having on him. His cock was rapidly hardening as he approached the climax of his story, and he, too, had slipped a hand under the blanket to add a physical element to his recount.

Tim could be oblivious, but as Anne's shoulder dipped below the top line of the blanket while she vigorously attended to herself, he caught on and moved in. This was reassuring to both of them. Even though, verbally, they had okayed what Tim had done with Tina, reconnecting themselves physically was a relief, an acknowledgement that while things were certainly not the same, it hadn't come between them. Even as Tim mounted Anne, taking her easily from behind, she urged him to continue his story—which had gotten to the point where he mounted Tina. Tim felt almost as if he was narrating the story live, acting out with his wife what he had just done to her best friend, a friend who was still down there, in the basement. If Anne copped to the camera setup and they checked in, they would have seen Tina masturbating while thinking about Tim, as Tim fucked Anne as if she was Tina, while Anne and Tim watched Tina masturbate. Coincidentally, all three of them came at the same time, the dim echoes of Tina's orgasm drowned out by Anne's own cries and Tim's guttural grunt.

*

The next morning, Tina was still at the house. Tim, trying to act as if this was all normal, decided to mow the lawn. He was even feeling good enough about his bear-like physique that he took his shirt off while he worked, giving his ladies a show up there on the deck. Anne and Tina, sipping mimosas, watched Anne's husband work up a sheen of sweat on his hairy belly as Anne broke the ice.

"So ... how was it?"

Tina laughed, which Tim heard over the sound of the mower, making the hair on the back of his neck stand at attention, suddenly aware that, yes, of course they were talking about him up there. "Girl, I needed that fuck. I really did. And thank you. Thank you for lending me your husband and letting me have my way with him."

"Well, I suspect he enjoyed it."

"Did he tell you that?"

"He told me all about it. In great detail. He even acted parts of it out."

Tina slapped her thigh. "What!? That's ... that's hot. I mean, it is, really. And that was the point of all this on your end."

Anne nodded. "Yes, I do have to admit—mission accomplished."

"And did you also watch? Like in real-time?" Tina pulled her sunglasses down her nose, squinting out the sun to watch for subtle microexpressions in her friend's face.

Anne smiled, looking out into the yard, looking at Tim—manly, shirtless Tim—her man, as he jerked the mower around to make another pass. "I did."

"And?"

"Well, I've seen your tits before."

"North and northnorthwest. Yeah, of course you've seen my tits. You've never seen your husband sucking on them before. Or going down on me. You've never seen me sucking his cock. You've never ..."

"Yeah, yeah," Anne interrupted. "I get it. Yes, I watched it. And I'll admit, I even 'enjoyed myself' as I watched it.

"Wow," Tina said, pushing her sunglasses back up her nose, sitting back in the lounger, and taking a draw from her mimosa. "That's quite an admission. So now what?"

"Now? Now it's my turn, that's what."

"Mommy gets hers."

"Yes, of course. That's part of this arrangement. You got fucked like you wanted, Tim got to fuck you like he wanted. I enjoyed watching it, and yeah, Tim fucked me like he hasn't since we were dating. That was nice. But I get some, too. That's how this works." Anne slumped back in her chair, hating that she had just come of as defensive, when she certainly didn't mean it that way. She wasn't defensive ... she was excited.

"Anyone I know?" Tina asked.

"I believe you've met them," Anne responded, hiding her smile by suddenly looking away.

"Them? What do you mean them?"

"I mean I want two. I've never fucked two men before, and that's what I want." Now Anne looked over, to watch Tina's expression, a broad, spreading grin—somewhat reminiscent of Tim's when he described to her what it was like to fuck Tina.

"Oh, wow. You have balls."

"Four, please!" They both laughed.

A moment passed as they both watched Tim down on the lawn, smiling more than he ever had before while mowing. 

"So," Tina renewed her line of questioning, "who are these two mystery men?"

Anne focused her face on Tina's as she answered: "The twins."

"You fucking slut!" Tina burst out, loud enough for Tim to hear and turn his head as if he'd been called. "Not you, Tim!" Tina called out to him before returning her attention to Anne and whispering: "I love you. That's awesome. And bold. You think they'll take the bait?"

Keith and Todd, or "the twins" as they were often referred to, were not, in fact, twins, or even brothers. They were best friends who met in college and always seemed inseparable. They also bore a remarkable resemblance to one another, hence "the twins." Better yet, Anne had heard rumors back in college, later confirmed by Tim, that the twins had in fact tag-teamed one or two sorority girls during their tenure.

"Yes, I think they will. They're both still single, and a shade too old to be picking up women in bars."

"What did Tim say?"

"I haven't mentioned it yet." Anne punctuated her declarative with a worried look.

"Well," Tina said, "if it helps, I could sleep with Tim again to even things out ..."

Anne laughed. "Now who's the fucking slut? That's my husband."

*

Anne wanted to tell Tim about her plan, but wanted to get him good and horny first to take the edge off. Maybe he would think it was sexy with the right context. She decided to tell him about the camera she'd planted to watch him fuck Tina. That way he would be distracted, knowing about the video, and maybe even turned on by its possibilities as she took on his friends. She waited until they were in bed that night, having pillow talk.

"Tim, I have a confession to make."

Her serious tone sent alarm bells off throughout Tim's body.

"I had a camera in the basement when you fucked Tina."

Tim had a panicked look on his face as he quickly ran through the whole encounter in fast forward, trying to think if he'd done anything untoward or incriminating. He couldn't think of anything he'd done, though, that he hadn't already told her anyway. "Audio, too?"

"No, no audio. Why? Did you say something I should know about?"

Tim's face relaxed. "No, I was just asking. There was very little talking."

Anne laughed, "I could see that." She stayed quiet for a moment, knowing Tim was now thinking about the existence of this video. "I watched it all as it was happening. I watched you lick my best friend's pussy. I watched her take your cock into her throat. I watched you fuck her." Anne knew instinctively that her plan was working. Tim seemed very distracted. "And I want you to watch when it's my turn." She dropped this line as she reached out and placed her hand over the mound in Tim's pajama pants. "Do you want to watch, Tim? Do you want to watch while I get fucked? Do you want to watch my pussy get licked? Do you want to watch a cock slide in and out of my mouth?" As she spoke, she pulled the waistband of Tim's pants down under his balls and began stroking his cock as if it was going in and out of a mouth.

Anne watched a medley of expression across Tim's face. She could see excitement and fear and lust and anxiety. She kept stroking his penis, which softened slightly as blood was diverted to his brain to help process these feelings. "What's the matter, Tim? Pussy got your tongue?"

Tim seemed to gather himself behind a weak smile. "Not yet, it hasn't. But the night is young."

"Yessss ..." Anne drew out as she felt Tim's hand on the front of her panties. "That's my man. Bring that cock up here while you finger me."

Tim scrambled up, keeping his right hand planted between Anne's legs, as he knelt by Anne's head. She turned and guided his penis into her mouth as he slipped his hand into the front of her panties. Tim was surprised how wet she was already when his fingers slipped right into the slick between her lips.

"Yes, put your fingers in there," Anne moaned. "Fuck me with your fingers." She punctuated her demand by popping his head between her lips. She reached her arms around Tim's waist, placing her hands on his cheeks and pulling his groin toward her, taking him deep in her mouth. She imagined his cock was Keith's and his hand was Todd's and she felt a climax rapidly approaching. "Ungh. Umm," she groaned as she slobbered all over his shaft, saliva dripping from her greedy mouth. 

Tim tried to focus on pumping his fingers in and out, cock-like, as a piston, taking care to rub against her clit in the process, but he struggled to concentrate with the all-out assault she was making on him. 

Anne pulled his cock out of her mouth, stuck her tongue out and ran it along Tim's slick shaft, from root to stem. "Oh, Tim—I love this. It's like you have two cocks." Tim was too busy appreciating everything that was happening to realize the significance of her statement. He was back in her mouth and in no position to argue. He renewed his vigor, trying to make her come before he did. He knew how close he was, but had no blood left in his head to put up much of a resistance.

"Unghhhhhhhh ..." Anne twisted away from his fingers as she came, simultaneously swallowing the head of his cock in her throat, triggering his own explosion. Tim sat back on his heels as she let him fall out of her mouth. She lay still for a moment, overwhelmed.

*

Over the next few days, Tim and Anne hashed out the plans for the twins. This time things were less spontaneous than they were with Tim and Tina, and Anne regretted the loss. She felt anxious, but also frustrated and annoyed that Tim seemed to be inserting bureaucracy into what was supposed to be her turn. 

First there was the matter of the camera. Although Tim hadn't known that Anne was watching, Tina had. Were they obligated to tell the twins? How would they react knowing that their friend Tim was watching them fuck his wife? Or that the whole scene was being recorded for posterity?

The twins, too, had to be asked, and, being twins, there were two of them. Would Tim ask them separately, or together? Would Anne be there when he asked, or not?

As frustrated as Anne was with these delays, their sex life was in overdrive. There was the video of Tim and Tina, which they had now watched together several times. Tim liked to follow along, doing everything with Anne as he had with Tina. Then there was the excitement of what they were planning, and the "practice" sessions with Tim and Anne's vibrator standing in for Keith and Todd. (They even jokingly named Anne's vibrator "Todd.") Tim was now embracing the idea of watching his wife get double-teamed while he could only watch from another room.

One night, mid-fuck, Anne surprised Tim by asking for something new. "I want Todd in my ass."

Tim, fucking his wife from behind, stopped mid-thrust. "Todd?"

"Todd the vibrator."

"Oh, I thought you meant the person."

She did not clarify further, but Tim pulled Anne's vibrator out of her nightstand drawer and turned it on. It wasn't one of those veiny monsters, but something a bit more delicate, a purple cylinder with a tapered tip. It didn't have to be a penis. It could be a miniature alien spaceship. And it was about to go, Tim mused, where no man had gone before.

"Get the lube, Tim," Anne said into her pillow. "I can't take it dry."

Tim reached back into her nightstand for a tube of KY. He squeezed some on the tip of the vibrator, and used his hand to stroke the lubricant down its shaft. Anne lay in the bed in front of him, face down, ass up. He squeezed some more out directly on her star like he was making an icing rosette.

"Oh God!" Anne yelped on contact. "That's cold. And it feels weird."

"But you want me to ...?"

"Yes, yes. But slowly, slowly."

Tim spread the lube around her entrance, gently probing with his index finger, testing her elasticity. Slowly, slowly, as he'd been instructed, Tim inserted his finger in his wife's asshole, pulling it back out, and then back in a little further each time, moistening up the passage. His erection, which had wilted slightly while he was handling the logistics, came back to life, with much interest in this new activity. 

"Fuck me, Tim," Anne gasped suddenly. "I want you to fuck me while you finger my ass. I want to feel you in me."

Tim's erection had already bobbed up between her legs, so it took only a small shift to slide inside of her juicy pussy. He pumped slowly, absorbed in the assplay. Anne moaned and bucked her rear, trying to match the rhythm of his finger and cock.

"Okay, now for 'Todd'," she instructed. "But slowly. It's my first time," she added, unnecessarily. When they were dating, anal had come up only once as something she'd never tried. During their marriage, they rarely talked explicitly about sex and the world of possibilities. She even casually referred to Dr. Pepper as 'DP', which would made Tim choke on his Dr. Pepper when she did so. It seemed inconceivable to Tim, then, that Anne thought about these things. He figured ladies talk, but Anne never seemed keen on porn and that was Tim's window into a world that only existed in fantasy, for better or for worse. 

He withdrew his finger and gently probed her rosebud with Todd's tip. The tension was incredible. He winced as she made a sound like a revving two-stroke engine.

"Yessss ... That feels incredible. Oh, God. I can't believe I have two in me."

Tim was reminded that yes, he was inside of her, too, and pulled out slightly and back in while simultaneously increasing his pressure on the dildo. She had taken about two inches inside of her, up to the full width of the shaft. Anne wiggled her ass slightly from side to side, greedily trying to get more of Tim, more of Todd. Tim tried to synchronize the movement of his hips with the movements of his hands, pulling his cock out as he pushed Todd in and pulling Todd out as he thrust forward. 

"Ummm. I feel so full." Anne turned her head and looked at Tim with lust in her eyes. She looked like she would even lick her lips as she spoke. "So good. Keep going."

Tim saluted her command with a slight quickening of his speed, in and out, out and in.

"Fuck my ass ... fuck me ..." Anne was developing a filthy mouth. "Unnnghh ... I'm getting so close!" 

Encouraged, Tim grabbed the front of Anne's left thigh to get more leverage as he fucked her deep with his cock and the dildo. 

"Who's fucking you?" Tim ventured. "Who's fucking you in your ass, who's in your pussy?"

"Wh-what?" Anne was far from her head now, floating somewhere above the bed in an out-of-body experience as she took this dual pummeling.

"I want to hear it. I want to hear who you're thinking about."

"Oh, God. Just keep fucking me."

"Who are you talking to?"

"K-Keith. Fuck me, Keith."

"And in your ass? Who's in your ass?"

"Todd. Oh, God. Todd's fucking me in the ass!"

"I knew it!" shouted Tim and he used his left hand to smack her across the bottom as he continued to push her closer to orgasm.

Now that there was no doubt in her mind who was back there, that it was, as she admitted, Keith and Todd who were fucking her, Anne lost any resemblance of control she had left, thinking of the twins, muscular and sweating, pumping their hard cocks into her pussy and ass.

"Arggghh ... fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck!" Anne shouted, gushing and trembling through an incredible orgasm as 'Keith' exploded inside of her, filling her with his strange spunk.

She was ready for this. It was time to send in the twins. 

*

"You're kidding, right?" Keith punched his friend Tim in the shoulder. "You don't mean that."

Todd sat there with a wrinkled brow, letting Keith speak for the two of them, as he often did. 

"Well, in college, you guys did this, right?"

"Yeah, but not with your wife, man!" Keith stood up, stretching his six-foot-one, muscled frame. He and Todd had played baseball in college and had remained in good shape since then. 

"It's fine, though, honest. I fucked Tina, and ..."

"You fucked Tina?" Todd burst in, finally engaging with a hint of jealousy.

"Yes," Tim replied proudly, puffing up his chest a bit and repeating as if to convince himself it was true: "I fucked Tina."

"Wow, dude. I just didn't think you and Anne were like that," Keith said admiringly.

"Or Tina," Todd added.

"It's something new we're trying," Tim explained. "Things had been a little slow in the bedroom. And so far this is working for us. Working very well."

"And Anne?" Todd asked.

"Anne picked you. She picked you both. You're what she wants."

"And where will you be while we're FUCKING YOUR WIFE?" Keith punctuated the phrase with a thrust of his hips.

"Well, here's the thing ..." 

Tim explained to Keith and Todd about the camera and how Anne had watched him with Tina, and now he would be watching them with his wife.
