 It was two weeks before the Whitsun holiday when the college would be closed for its half-term holiday.

Sharon's work phone rang one afternoon. At the other end was Beverley Jones.

"Hi Sharon, the twins are coming home for Whitsun which coincides with their birthday.

Can we book both you and Hans to give them the ultimate birthday present that we discussed last time?"

Sharon checked her diary "Which day?"

"The Thursday before Whitsun. It's the tenth of May."

"I can do that, but I'll have to check with Hans."

"If you would do that and come back to me, please. Bye."

Sharon phoned me. "Hans, you remember Tim and Beverley Jones?"

"How could I ever forget them. Are they ready for a repeat performance?"

"Not yet, but do you remember them asking if we could 'entertain' their twins for their eighteenth birthday?"

"Yup."

"Well their birthday is Thursday 10th May. Are you free to help me?"

"For removing the virginity of an eighteen year old schoolgirl? I would say so."

"I'll call her back and confirm."

"Hello, Bev?"

"Sharon?"

"We can do it but we will want to have a chat with you first."

"How about this evening at eight at the Dog and Badger?"

"We'll see you there."

Sharon and I drove to the Dog and Badger pub just before eight. A few minutes later, Bev and Tim walked in. "Would you like a drink?"

"I'll have a glass of white, and a pint of cider for Hans. please."

Beverley sat down with us while Tim went to the bar.

"So you'd really like us to have sex with your kids as a present."

"Alexandria is very mature for her age and ready for this, Richard is big for his age and also ready."

"They prefer Alex and Rick to their given names. You must not let on that you've also had sex with their parents." Tim informed us.

"I'm sure they'll be nervous so we'd prefer if you entertained them in their own beds."

"Have they been given the birds and the bees talk and taught about Safe Sex?"

"Yes they have, years ago."

"We'll only do it if we get a written order from you." I told them. "It MUST be their decisions and they definitely must not feel that they are under any pressure to have sex with us. As far as Rick is concerned, at that age any young man would welcome a hottie like Sharon seducing them. I would have had."

"When I was eighteen," remarked Sharon, "my hormones where on fire and a good-looking young man like Hans, who knew what he was doing was what I wanted."

"And we discussed it and will do it for £40 each." Sharon informed them."If either of them doesn't want to play with us there will be no charge."

"And even if they both enjoy it, we would like to have another session with both of you. This time we will have Bev's best friend, Donna with us. We're planning to enjoy you both in three weeks time as it will be Bev's thirty-eighth birthday."

Sharon said that she would put it in her diary.

We went back to the house where Sharon used up another couple of hours of the time she owed me.

Nearly two weeks later, on the twin's birthday, we were invited round to meet them and possibly much more.

We were introduced as new neighbours from Pensford Avenue.

The Jones family gathered in the lounge.

"Twins." said Tim "This is your birthday present. When I first had sex, I was very disappointed. I had looked forward to it for so many years but when it happened it was not as good as I had imagined it to be."

"The same with me," said Beverley. "I was worried and too nervous when I was willingly screwed by a drunk at a party. It put me off sex for years."

"This couple are experts and with your agreement will make love to you, individually and remove your stigma of being virgins."

Rick looked delighted at the prospect whereas Alex looked nervous.

"Your mother and I are going to the Dog and Badger pub, kids." said Tim "We trust both Sharon and Hans, but if you have ANY concerns, phone us and we'll be back in a few minutes. You know where the booze is kept."

Alex smiled as if a weight had been taken off her.

"Have fun, twins." Said both Tim and Bev as they went out the front door.

Sharon took Rick's hand as he led her to his room.

"Wow, I get to shag a real hot girl!"

I looked at next at Alex. "You look nervous, Alex. Pour youself a drink and relax." Alex went to the drinks cabinet and poured herself a large rum and coke.

"Can I pour you anything, Mr Hans?"

"No thanks, dear. What's worrying you?"

"Last year I let Rick put his thingy in my froufrou, and it hurt terribly and I started bleeding."

"That happens when most girls do it for the first time. They soon find that it's highly enjoyable. If I hurt you I will stop. In fact, let's make an agreement, If you say the word 'Bazinga' we'll stop whatever we are doing.

"In that case let me show you my bedroom."

We went upstairs. "Which is your school?"

"St Mary's Hall in Brighton."

"A good school. One of my friends, Terry, teaches music there."

"Mr Jeffery? He's a nice."

"Happy Birthday, Alex. Please lie on the bed."

"Would you like me to get undressed first?"

"It will save me from having to undress you."

I took Alex's shoes and socks off while she pulled her sweatshirt over her head revealing a small pair of tits encased in a pink brassiere.

Alex undid her trousers and I pulled them down for her. Lying on the bed in front of me was a half-naked very pretty young lady with her mother's red hair which was cut fairly short. I very much liked what I saw though it would be nicer without the underwear.

"May I kiss you, Alex?" She nodded and pouted her lips.

I lowered my head and very gently kissed her offered mouth. She parted her lips and I slowly licked round the edge of of her lips. Alex gave a sigh of satisfaction. I kissed down to her neck and a heavy sigh escaped her lips. I continued kissing downwards until I was kissing the top of one breast.

Alex moved her hands to behind her back and undid the clasp of her bra and freed her arm from the strap over her shoulder. One breast escaped from the cup holding it. I lifted the bra up and put it with her other clothes on the floor. I could read the bra's label It said 32A. She had very nice tits and I looked forward to fondling them when I got the chance. The pink Areolae were solid and peaked at her nipples one of which I sucked and nibbled.

After a few seconds, I moved my mouth back to hers. She opened her mouth and our tongues touched. The intensity of her breathing indicated that she was getting excited so I caressed one of her breasts. That made her even more excited so while I continued to entwine our tongues, my hand detached from her lovely breast and instead stroked her tummy. When it met the elastic of her panties, it wriggled its way under and started to stroke her écu. She parted her legs far enough for me to be able to reach her vagina. I pulled out my hand and slowly removed her panties.

I quietly asked "OK?"

Alex nodded her head while continuing to breathe heavily so I kissed her mouth again before transferring my mouth to the inside of her thighs.

Through the walls from the next I could hear Sharon having a massive orgasm. Good for her, I thought as my tongue went up Alex's thigh until it met the thigh of her other leg and the folds of her sweet little patoutie. My tongue entered her outer lips and I sucked on the contents. She was now panting quite loudly. I could feel that this part of her body was now becoming extremely moist so my fingers started exploring the area. As they were tickling her clit, she sounded as if she was enjoying it, So I licked a finger and gently pushed it into what she called her frou-frou and explored the upper wall of until I found her G-spot when she shuddered and said "I see what you meant. that feels really good. You said to say 'Bazinga' if I wanted you to stop. What's the opposite when I don't want you to stop?"

"Just say "'Don't stop'. I'm going to stop now and try something else though." I rubbed the hood of her tiny clit with my other thumb while my tongue lapped at her folds. Her clit was getting larger, and soon it popped up from inside it's hood.

"Don't stop, please."

My free hand crept up to her breasts and fondled them and tweaked her nipples. I could tell from her mewling and breathing that she was approaching a climax.

Through the walls I could hear Sharon cumming again. I put two fingers into Alex's wet pussy and found her G-spot. "Don't stop, Hans. Oh God. Yes. yes, yes, YES." I had given her her first orgasm. She cradled my head in her arms, pulling my head towards hers and kissed me deeply.

"Are you ready to try full sex, yet?"

"Yes please."

I took off my T-shirt, jeans and boxers. "Am I supposed to get all that inside me?"

I looked down and I must admit that it did look quite impressive.

"Mummy says I should put a towel under me when I'm doing it for the first time."

"That's because she thinks you're a complete virgin and you would bleed. Never let her know that Rick has broken your maidenhead. Let her think that it broke when you were playing sports or riding a horse. Having sex with your brother is illegal."

"OK."

"I'll be gentle. I'll stop if you ask me. We'll try several positions, but first the missionary. This may hurt a little at first but you'll quickly stretch to take my width. Remember I will stop if it gets too much for you. Just say the word."

I opened a condom and rolled it on. then laid myself down on top of her and fed my helmet into her pussy. "OK?"

"Yup." I put in another couple of inches.

"Still OK?"

"That feels nice."

I pulled out an inch then pushed in three. "I want more of you, Hans."

I in and outed until my balls were banging on her anus and our bellies slapped together. "That's all of me. OK?"

"I didn't think I would fit that much in me."

"The human body is very adaptable."

"I like this." she said between her gasps, panting and eventual yells. Soon she orgasmed and screamed with pleasure.

"The missionary position is used most frequently but tends to be boring. There are other positions that are better for girls and give them more pleasure."

"Show me them."

I withdrew from her extremely tight little slit, rolled her over onto her side and laid myself behind her. "This position is called 'spoons'"

My erection was pointing itself at her rosebud of her arsehole.

"Up my bum?"

"No. That's for experienced lovers only and needs a lesson of it's own. Wait while I find your frou-frou again."

I bent my prick so it was aimed for the correct hole and entered her. One of my hands was tickling her enlarged clit while the other cupped a tit and rolled her nipple. My mouth lent forward and kissed her neck below her ear.

My tool went in and out of her strking her G-spot as it went. Another orgasm made her scream.

"I see what you mean. That was much better than last time."

"Now you can ride me." I turned onto my back. "Kneel over my willy and lower yourself onto it."

"Like this?" my penis burrowed its way through the red curls of her écu and into her VJ. I watched it disappear into the warm tight hole is was intended for. She lowered herself until it was halfway in then raised herself and enjoyed it's full length entering her.

"This is called the Cowgirl position. Girls like it because they are in complete control and the man's penis hits the right spots as in spooning, and men like it because they can lie back and enjoy it while the girl does the work and also because we can watch what's going on with their willies going in and out of the girl and her breasts jiggling on her chest as yours are now."

Alex increased her motions and soon achieved another big 'O'.

"There's also the 'Reverse Cowgirl" where the girl faces the man's feet. Would you like to try it?"

"OK." She climbed off me turned herself round and plugged herself back onto me. After a few bounces, I reached around and fondled both tits. "Mmmm. this is nice." I dropped one hand to her pussy and gently fingered her clit. "That's even better." She continued to bounce on my todger as her breathing got louder with her breath catching more and more frequently. She was cumming again. After she had reached the peak, she stopped moving while she recovered.

When she had recovered I asked her to kneel by the side of the bed with her breasts slumped over the bed. "This is most girls' favourite and is called 'doggy style' not to be confused with dogging which is something completely different."

"I know what dogging is. There's a car park on the downs above Brighton where it's rumoured at school that people do it in their cars while others watch."

Sharon was cumming yet again. "It sounds as if Sharon is enjoying Rick. I hope he is enjoying her, as I am you."

"While we're not coupling, will you kiss me, Hans.

Because Alex had been breathing through her mouth, Alex's mouth was deliciously cold. We tangled our tongues and snogged for a while. "You really are good at kissing, my dear." I told her.

"And you're really good at love-making. Not that I have anybody to compare you to, of course."

She moved away from me and laid face down on the bed with her bum in the air. I knelt behind her. "Are you ready?"

"Of course I am." I moved forward a few inches and plugged my knob into her cunt. She made appreciative noises which increased as I pummelled into her.

"You can tell me what you would like me to do. Most men find that a turn-on."

"I've been wanting to, but thought you would find that rude of me. So Fuck my cunt, Hans. Get it in deeper. Fuck me faster. Push your cock right into my womb. Yes, that's it. Fuck me. I'm going to have another orgasm. It's nearly there. I gave her one more stroke. Aaaagh!" She loudly announced her climax. I was nearly there too." I withdrew once she had stopped spasming.

"I am so ready to have my own orgasm. May I show you how to give a man a blowjob?" She nodded. May I take the condom off and ejaculate in your mouth?"

"After the number of times that you given me an orgasm, it would be rude to say No."

I laid back on the bed, peeled off the empty condom and Alex opened her mouth. I instructed her, "Men are most sensitive along the bottom and have a specially sensitive spot on the bottom where it meets the helmet. Lick the bottom edge as you gently suck it through your lips."

"Like this?" She took my knob into her mouth as I told her. She coughed. "I can't suck it all."

"Use your fingers to tickle the rest while you take as much as you can into your mouth."

She wanked me with her fingers and lips.

"Don't worry if I cum in your mouth. It won't get you pregnant and is only slimy protein. It's a lot like eating oysters. You can swallow it if you like or you can spit it out."

Although to the best of my knowledge, she had never done it before, she was good and coupled with my state of arousal, I came in her mouth within a minute "Urrrgh, salty." nevertheless, she gulped and swallowed it all.

"That means I'm out of action for the next twenty minutes. I'm not as young as I used to be. Most teenagers can get rock hard within a few minutes, but being twenty two, I can only get it hard again after some time."

"Daddy says he takes little blue pills to help."

"Are you satisfied with this afternoon's proceedings?"

"Can't you tell that I am?"

"Men can rarely tell a woman's mood."

Alex opened the door and we started going downstairs.

Sharon came through the door holding hands with Rick. "We heard you going down stairs and because I'm getting sore, we thought we'd call it a day, as well, though Rick wanted to go on although he had gone limp.

In the past hour and a half two children had made their way to joining the Adult world.

"Will you phone your parents and tell them we're through?"

Rick picked up the house phone and called his father's mobile.

"Hi Dad, Sharon said to tell you that the Lesson is over. Bye"

He says to tell you that they will be straight back.

Within minutes, the front door opened and the parents came into the house.

Rick excitedly said "Thanks Mum and Dad, that was the best present ever. Wait 'till I tell the chaps in the dorm what I was given."

Alexandria added "In our class we have a sweepstake on who will be the first to lose her virginity. My friend Florence is the favourite. They'll never believe me!"

Sharon got out one of her cards with her web address on it and signed the back "XXX Sharon. You were a good fuck, Rick." and dated it.

"I'll keep that for ever." he said.

"Let's go into the dining room and complete the business." said Tim.

Tim waved Beverley, Sharon and me into the next room. "How was it?" He asked.

"It went well," I said. "I was afraid that Alex would feel threatened by being being effectively forced into having sex with a complete stranger but once I had made her have a drink to help her relax, she joined in with some gusto. Her hymen had already burst, so it was not painful or messy for her. I think she enjoyed it. The only possible problem is that her music teacher's wife is the best friend of my ex-girlfriend."

"Rick was very enthusiastic." Said Sharon. "He really wanted to fuck me, and he came inside me at least three times. His bed will need clean sheets. I wouldn't mind having another session with him, he made me cum countless times."

"If you're around in three years, we could give you to him for his twenty first." said Bev.

"By then I will have finished college, paid off my student loan with the proceeds from this job and moved to another town."

"I think we agreed £40 each per hour. Is £60 each OK for an hour and a half each?"

We willingly accepted a check from Bev for £120.

"So, on Saturday in three weeks time, Bev, Donna and I are booked to have you both again. There will be three of us this time instead of two so if we agree £600 total instead of the £400 we gave you last time, is that fair?"

"It's not just fair, it's generous." said Sharon

"Right," said Beverley as before shall we meet in Florentina's Restaurant at 8pm?"

Three weeks later, Sharon and I walked into the Florentina Restaurant. "Over here!" called Beverley.

At the table, sat three people, Tim, Beverley and an attractive lady with curly very dark hair. Who I assumed was Donna. There was a spare chair between Tim and Bev and another between Bev and Donna. "Sharon," said Tim. "come and sit next to me."

"And you can sit here, Hans." said Sharon to me.

When we had sat down Bev said "This is Donna, my best friend. Donna meet Sharon and Hans who we'll be getting to know much better after we get home."

Donna blushed as dirty thoughts of what we would be doing went through her mind. We all kissed 'hello'. "I'm very pleased to meet you, Donna." I said

"Likewise." said Sharon, "Oh and happy birthday, Beverley.

"Thank you." Said Bev. "Donna's husband has just divorced her, so be ultra nice to her."

Sharon moved her hand across Bev's lap and took Donna's hand. "You poor thing."

This evening, Sharon was wearing a green silk top, an easy access skirt, holdup stockings and flat shoes.

Tim was wearing his usual white cotton shirt with no tie, and grey sports trousers white socks and trainers.

I had a T-shirt under a denim jacket and smart jeans.

Bev had a flowery summer dress and sandals making her look very cool, whereas Donna had a blue silk blouse, an extremely short blue skirt with no stockings and matching fuckme shoes whose heels must have been five or six inches high. She looked the complete opposite of cool. She was HOT. Donna had a very bubbly personality and I fancied her a lot. I also fancied both Beverley and Sharon, and the thought that tonight I would be fucking Bev and Donna as well as probably, Sharon was making my cock very hard and uncomfortable in my boxers.
