 Chapter 4 - Rich Guy, Poor Girl Combinations

Amber had bought an expensive designer roll-on suitcase that she'd packed for the weekend. As usual, she was dressed to the nines, this time in a little black dress that showed a lot of sexy thigh, five-inch heels that telegraphed 'come fuck me', an obvious lack of under garments that made any male figuring out their absence hard as rock, and some tasteful jewelry including a diamond tennis bracelet that a client had given her a few weeks earlier as a tip after a great and sex-filled weekend in New Orleans. She'd had the bracelet looked at by a jeweler and her knees had nearly buckled when he had told her it would retail for about eight thousand dollars.

She checked her makeup one more time in the new floor to ceiling mirror the girls had paid to install in their small apartment room so they didn't have to go down the common hallway to the elevator lobby. All in all, they didn't mix very much with the other girls in the student apartments.

Kat sat at the makeup table. She glanced over at Amber, "You look wonderful -- sexy, attractive, not overdone, innocent but verging on sophisticated, and even I would want to fuck the daylights out of you." She giggled and added, "Hey, I actually did fuck the daylights out of you last night. You were great, thank you."

Amber laughed, "Good. That's the look I was going for. My limo is probably downstairs. I have to go, and I'll see you both on Sunday afternoon. I love you both."

Edie stood in only a thong by the closet, "We love you too." 

Amber said, "Air kisses," and the girls blew her kisses instead of touching lips and possibly smearing some of the carefully applied lip-gloss that would no doubt be all over Mike's face in less than an hour, and if not his face then the sides of his thick cock.

Edie walked over to the window and looked out, ignoring the possibility that some of the pedestrians might glance at her window and see her nudity. She said to Kat, "Good. The limo is right there for her. It's Dirk too. He's become really good at marketing for us."

Kat said, "Well, he's earned more than ten thousand as his share, plus I gave him a freebie a couple of weeks ago."

Edie said, "You did? Why didn't I think of that? Was he good."

"Very satisfying. We did it in the back seat of his stretch Lincoln. Really kinky but fun, but we gave the car a very unique aroma that I'm sure stuck around for a few days."

Not too much later, Amber walked through the door into the lobby of the Four Seasons, giving a broad smile to the doorman who couldn't have been more than a year or two older. As arranged, the limo waited for Amber to dismiss him. Mike had suggested she keep the car to travel across town to their special dinner.

Mike jumped up from a lobby chair, and rushed over to meet his weekend 'date.' If his smile had been any larger, he wouldn't have fit through a normal doorway. 

"Amber, ... you look stunning ... as usual."

"Hi, Michael," Amber said coyly.

Mike leaned in and kissed one cheek. "I mean it. You are a sight for sore eyes. Just being in your presence makes me feel giddy and like a teenager again."

Amber batted her eyes at the hunky looking man that had taken her virginity months earlier. "Well, you make my heart flutter too. When you called me about this weekend, well ... it was the highlight of my life except for the other times we've been together."

Mike looked at her skeptically, testing whether that was some standard escort line. He decided the remark was genuine.

"Let's drop your suitcase with the concierge, and then if your limo is still here we can take it to our banquet."

"Banquet? You didn't mention anything about a banquet. Am I dressed all right? You said dinner, but ..."

Mike held her at arm's length and examined her from head to toe, "You're perfect, and will be the prettiest girl there."

They gave her bag to the concierge and Mike arranged for her suitcase to be delivered to his room.

In the limo, Mike effused over Amber and how glad he was to see her. Amber kept thinking, this really does seem to be a date -- a real date, and not a 'hire an escort' kind of date. Either would have been all right with her, although with Mike she found herself preferring a 'real date' event.

At the banquet for Consolidated Retailers, Mike proudly squired Amber around from group to group, introducing his 'date.' The mostly older crowd had two reactions. The men thought up devilish sexual fantasies about what they wanted to do with Amber, and the women sized up Amber as the younger versions of themselves, and also felt a little competition when their husband's eye teeth about fell out of their heads and their tongues lolled out of their mouths watering in desire for sexy little Amber.

Amber felt a little embarrassed. Here she was an escort -- a high priced hooker -- being introduced to high society.

She asked in a quiet aside, "Mike, are you sure you want to be showing me off as much as you are?"

He stopped and looked at her in surprise. "Yes. You're my girl. I know we met in an unconventional way, but that doesn't bother me. I can stop if I'm making you uncomfortable."

"No, dear. I was thinking of you. I don't want to sully your reputation with your friends and work associates."

Amber relaxed only a little as Mike led her to the next group. She recognized the mayor of the city, a congressman, and several other luminaries from the local area in that circle. She acted polite, suave, savvy, and made a few contributions to the chatter here and there, thankful for the weekly discussions about current events she and her roommates routinely had so they'd be good conversationalists. She even knew what committees the congressman sat on.

Mike and Amber were seated with three other couples. The conversation migrated to some of the problems the men were having in business. Much to their surprise Amber jumped into the discussion.

Amber said in a soft tone, "I was reading a book by Clay Christensen of Harvard on disruptive technologies. From your discussion, it sounds as though you're facing the need for a paradigm change of the underlying technologies in your businesses, much the way Kodak should have done when faced with digital cameras -- that they invented, by the way. They didn't pay attention to their own invention, lots of other companies did, and eventually Kodak went bankrupt."

A long silence ensured, and Amber slowly became certain she'd just created a massive faux pas. She blushed and put her head down to stare at her entrée in shame at having misspoken.

Harold Longworth, the CEO of a solid-state physics operation in Destin was the first to speak. "Amber, I think you just hit the nail on the head. I, for one, would like to get the name of that book. I think you are one smart young woman, who just had more insight into our businesses than the more than the eighty years of experience sitting around this table. You're absolutely correct. We're coasting on the technologies we've been using for the past twenty, thirty or forty years. The trouble we're all having is that it's time to jump to something entirely new if we're going to save our companies."

The other heads at the table nodded, and a murmur of conversation agreed. Amber mumbled something about how her idea was 'just a thought.'

Mike reached over and squeezed Amber's hand. When the focus had moved off of Amber, he leaned over and said, "You're marvelous. I'm proud of you for speaking up like that; I know it's not your nature. You've given me some words to take back to our management about Wonderland Industries. Also, I now realize that a lot of the PR I've been spinning is based on perpetuating an old way of doing business. I hope you don't mind, but I want to share your ideas and even steal the whole concept. I also want to borrow that book when you're through with it."

The rest of dinner continued the lively conversation Amber started. Amber, having now distinguished herself as insightful about business, found herself swept into even deeper conversations with these executives and their wives, the focus often talking about innovation and entrepreneurship. Every idea Amber offered to the men was embraced with enthusiasm and a quest for additional details that she thoughtfully provided.

Back at the Four Seasons a couple of hours later, Mike pulled Amber up to the rooftop lounge for a nightcap and a dance. As he pulled her into his arms, he whispered, "You have been the ideal date tonight. I have to confess that I about fell out of my chair when you dropped those few words on those three gentlemen at dinner." He chuckled, "You told them they were using outdated technology to run their businesses, and that they'd better get their ass in gear or else they're history and bankrupt. Fabulous! By the end of dinner they were hanging on every word out of your mouth."

"Oh, Mike. I just blurted that out. I've been reading all that stuff for my college courses, and the concepts were current in my head. As you've probably noticed, I often blurt out things without my brain being fully engaged."

"Honey, please don't change a thing. I love the way you think." Mike kissed Amber's forehead.

Amber thought, 'Honey?' No one has called me that since I was a young teen. No one had ever told me that they liked how I thought either. I've been so shy until recently. This whole escort thing is pulling me out of my shell, but some days I feel I have a long way to go.

Amber was out of her shell and out of her clothing a half hour later, as she rode Mike through another climax. He'd told her he loved watching her cum, particularly when she was over him so he could watch her and reach up and fondle her breasts, pinch her nipples, or reach back and cup her sweet little ass that just fit in both his hands as he helped her ride up and down on his long cock.

Mike panted out, "Oh, baby, you're driving me crazy. Oh God, I'm ... cumming." 

The semen shot from Mike's cock deep into Amber's body in eight massive surges of pleasure that nearly tore him apart. As Mike started to cum, Amber had reached down and tweaked both of his nipples, creating a pain-pleasure point for her lover. The move did indeed heighten Mike's peak to a level he'd never felt.

More than anything, however, what heightened the experience for the couple was the developing but unspoken feelings the two felt for each other.

As Mike's last two surges jetted cum into Amber's body, she allowed herself to orgasm again. She could feel her pussy spastically flutter around the shaft he'd thrust deep inside her at his peak. And then she fell into his arms, and rained down a hundred passionate kisses on his face and neck.

They lay panting together as the afterglows waned. Mike whispered, "Amber, I've never had someone make love to me like that. You're ... very special to me ... very special."

Amber sighed, "Mike, you're the brightest light in my life too. Thank you." The kisses alternated between intensely passionate, and then the sweetest and gentlest kisses the pair could share without saying something they both were feeling deep inside.

The rest of the weekend, Mike and Amber almost didn't care what they did as long as they were together, and so long as they could often get physical with each other -- holding hands, walking arm in arm, hugs, kisses, illicit feels of intimate parts, and, of course, lovemaking. They walked the beach, made love in the dunes, got ice cream, found a carnival and rode the Ferris wheel kissing at the top, had some fun in a Triple-X bookstore, ate dinner at a surfside bar, laughed, kissed, and loved.

Sunday afternoon, instead of a limo to the airport, Amber brought Mike back to the condo and retrieved her own little sports car so she could drive him to the airport. They'd made love up until an hour before, showered, dressed, and then come to get her car. Amber's car was new, reflecting an investment from her recent earnings. She thought the high-end car would last for a decade or more. Mike's eyebrows went up, but he was silent.

Amber pulled into curbside for flight departures since he'd flown to see her commercially. She got out, and helped Mike retrieve his luggage from the car's backseat. Wearing her white short shorts, low heels, and a shirt that did little to hide her breasts, Amber plastered herself against Mike, the top of her head barely reaching his chin. The pair kissed with such intensity and ferocity that they attracted the attention of the other departing passengers. 

Amber whispered, "Mike, I'm going to miss you. Please come back to me again. I ... I ... I'm feeling ..."

Mike kissed her, "Me too. I'll try to come back real soon, I hope. Real soon, but ... well, I'm going to have to be out of the country for a couple of months -- maybe longer -- learning some of my company's international operations and doing a deal or two I've been given some company money to pursue. If these pan out, it'll be a huge jump in my career and my position in the company." He sighed, "I'll call you ... and see you ... as soon as I can, but honestly it may be a while. I want to be with you too, so please don't take my absence as anything other than workload. Don't give up on me."

"You'd better go, or else I'm going to cry." Amber pushed him towards the automatic door with tears in her eyes. Her face looked as though it was slowly scrunching up in a colossal sobbing jag. Tears streamed down her cheeks, but she bit her lip to hold them at bay.

Mike just whispered, "Soon. Real soon, Baby. There'll be a better time for us. I promise." He waved briefly, turned and was gone.

Amber did cry all the way back to the apartment. In part she cried because she'd found an envelope on the front seat where Mike had been sitting. It contained ten thousand dollars and a small piece of paper with a heart on it and the word 'Mike.'

Back in the dorm room, Amber rushed in the door and threw herself onto her bed and sobbed wildly. Neither Edie nor Kat could get her to stop for twenty minutes. Her attempts to talk ended in choked up sobs then another crying jag.

Finally, the tears started to slow. Amber blurted out, "Oh, God. I've fallen in love with Mike. He couldn't possibly love me. I'm a whore -- a prostitute -- a call girl -- a slut. Plus, now he's going to be gone overseas for a months. I might never see him again, but ..." Another long crying jag swept over her. Finally, after crying on and off for a couple of hours, the tears gave way to exhaustion, and the exhaustion gave way to sleep.

Kat and Edie watched carefully over their pixie roommate. Kat whispered, "One of us better stay here until she wakes up. She's got it bad."

Edie replied, "I sort of guessed this might happen with one of us. We were bound to fall in love with one of our 'dates' -- our clients."

"Why do you think that?" Kat hissed.

"We equate sex and love in this society. I think it has to do with some body chemical too. Who knows, maybe Mike really loves her. Time will tell. Maybe Amber will be the first to leave the fold."

Kat nodded in agreement, not only on the supposition about Amber, but also about falling in love with a client. She already had strong feelings for Mike's colleague Brad.

Mike apparently equated sex and the beautiful weekend with Amber as something more than just a quick trick. Monday afternoon about four o'clock, the local florist delivered a large arrangement of four-dozen white carnations to Amber at her apartment. The other girls in the building with whom Kat, Edie, and Amber had little interaction, gathered around as the florist carried the huge bouquet to their door.

Amber had been in a solemn mood all day, facing the reality of her profession and life and her feelings for Mike. The flowers came with a card:  'Thinking of you every minute -- and trust me, I'll never stop. I hope you'll think of me while I'm gone. The flowers only start to communicate what I'm feeling. XOXOX Mike.'  The huge bouquet reduced Amber to a puddle of tears in the middle of the floor of her room as she sobbed into her hands and held the card in her hands.

Amber sent Mike an email message later when she pulled herself together.  'Mike. The flowers are beautiful, and I have thought about little else other than you since you called me over two weeks ago. You have my attention. I have so many different thoughts, and all of them involve wanting to be with you and please you. What do you want me to do -- when can we see each other next? What should I do now and with the rest of my life? You have my full attention. XOXOX Amber.' 

Amber could only hope the messages hidden within her email would be sensed by Mike's heart. The next morning on the way to her morning classes, Amber took one of the flowers, clipped the stem short, and used it as a bookmark for her textbook.

As the next few days went by, Amber missed a few classes and cancelled out on a couple of client meetings, turning each of them over to Kat and Edie. They were one-nighters and each brought in two thousand. Her roommates were thankful for the work, but more worried about Amber.

Amber moped through the week, slowly recovering her sea legs and her bubbly self. 

Saturday morning, Kat asked, "Amber, you going out tonight?"

Amber gave a huge sigh, "Yeah, I've heard nothing from Mike. I guess he doesn't read or read between the lines. The flowers were a nice touch, but ... well, I guess I have to wake up to who I really am ... what I really am."

Kat asked, "And what's that?"

Amber sighed, "I'm a slut. I went from being a shy and innocent coed to a slut that fucks for big bucks -- a prostitute, a whore. Guys like to fuck sluts, but they don't want to make a family with them."

Kat said slowly, "I just feel that Mike is going to be some kind of exception. Give it time. He's focused on his career and he's out of the country doing great things. Wait and see. I think it's too soon to tell."

Amber turned to Edie as they neared their dorm, "Would you do me a favor for this afternoon?"

"If I can."

"I need you to be my cheerleader. I need you to pump me up so I'm back to normal. I've moped enough about Mike and everything else. Can you help get me back to being a cheery person? I'm tired of crying and being down on myself."

Edie laughed, "Absolutely, but first you have to run with me." She took a few tentative steps ahead on the path and turned back, "Come on, run with me. Act like we're in a rush. We're taking the long way home."

The two girls took off across campus, heading away from the student apartment initially, with gales of laughter ringing out between the pair. Amber yelled, "Why are you going that way?" Kat watched as they disappeared from view, and then she headed back to the room.

A half-hour later, Edie and Amber fell in the door of the room. They were laughing, and Kat thought there was hope for Amber. 

Amber looked around the room. "Hey, what happened to the flowers?"

Kat smiled, "They were fading -- just like your bad mood -- and so they disappeared." She waved her hands around; "Poof!"

Amber thought for a moment, "Yeah, probably the right thing to do. Time to move on with my life. Enough drama."

Edie volunteered, "Don't inject drama where none is needed. I agree with Kat. You don't know what's going on in Mike's head, so don't make up stories."

Amber said in a cheery tone that sounded a little forced, "Thanks -- both of you. I'm almost back to one hundred percent."

