  All characters are 18 years old or older. 

Every spring as high school graduation approached, there were always a significant number of students who were "on the bubble" regarding grades and credit. The pressure would bear down upon them as parents, teachers and peers would apply various forms of pressure and motivation. 

Mr. Williams was a 12th Grade English teacher. Over the years, he had come to recognize the tense sprint to the finish line many students endured, desperate to earn the right to graduate. He was a favorite amongst students, so it was no surprise that he took an active roll in offering extra credit opportunities to students who needed to pass English.

Mr. Williams was not only a popular English teacher, he was a charismatic personality with a smooth style that seemed to cast a spell and hold others playfully under his influence. Students and colleagues alike enjoyed his company. They enjoyed his sense of humor and sharp mind. But, what set him apart was an abundance of tolerance towards the weaknesses of others. Mr. Williams seemed to never judge anyone. He had a way that made others feel safe, comfortable, accepted. He was always inspiring others to take risks, embrace adventure, and pursue dreams. 

So it was no surprise that Mr. Williams was a source of hope to students on the ropes when the graduation deadline bell was about to sound. But there was a secret that Mr. Williams and his willing participants kept quiet that would indeed have been a surprise if exposed. It was the "Extra Credit Spelling Test" that was the well-kept secret.

This year would be the fifth year in a row that Mr. Williams would give the spelling test. Each year it grew in popularity. This year included the largest sign-up list ever, 27 students in all. There were even a few that were not in danger of missing out on graduation but wanted to take the test "for the experience" as they put it.

As the hot, muggy weather of late May soaked the campus, students would gather for the after school test in Mr. Williams' classroom. They had been given a study list of 200 words. They were prepared, some more than others, for the "experience". 

Upon their arrival, Mr. Williams greeted them at the door with a smile and handshake along with a look in his eyes that twinkled with a sense of seduction and sensuality. 

Students arrived in summer-wear that pushed the limits of the school's dress code. But the combination of Mr. Williams' tolerance and after-school hours paved the way for a parade of young, bodies toeing the line of decency. They were under the spell of the Spelling Test experience before even stepping foot inside the classroom. Their attire confirmed it.

The guys were simple in their dress. T-shirts or tank tops, baggy shorts and a baseball cap here and there. There were only nine, but they ranked among the top 20 on campus as the popular "bad boys". 

The girls were, of course, far more unique in style even though a common thread of immodesty was woven through each of their choices. Although the dress code clearly stated "undergarments shall be worn at all times", there was not a bra strap to be seen hanging on the shoulders of a single girl. The array of tight shorts, some with strategically located rips and holes, also revealed that there were few if any panties in the room either.

When the last student arrived, Mr. Williams shut the door, the locked door, to the classroom and casually greeted the class.

"I want to welcome you all here. I hope today's test experience not only helps you graduate, but also gives you a feel for how words, language and imagination can give birth to discovery, adventure, and a rush that only LIVING life can offer."

He smiled at his flock of 27 eager minds and bodies. "First thing you need to do is arrange yourselves in threesomes..." (he paused for the unspoken effect of tension) "...that you can spend a few minutes with doing some last minute review."

Nervous smiles and naughty giggles surfaced as the students scooted their desks together to form threesomes throughout the classroom. Mr. Williams watched with special enjoyment the perky-breasted jiggles rippling against the various tops worn by the especially well-endowed girls.

"Now, I suggest that you take turns questioning each other on the spelling list you have been given. I will give you about ten or fifteen minutes for this review before we get started on the test."

Mr. Williams casually walked about the room, as any good teacher does when monitoring student activity. Of course, his agenda was more intent on enjoying the views looking over the shoulders of certain girls whose tops invited eyes to dive between their breasts and dare to travel as far down their cleavage as was visibly possible. As he enjoyed the visual stimulation, he also enjoyed the sounds he heard as the students repeated the words from the spelling list, then spelled them out letter by letter.

He smiled as Brian, one of the studs from the basketball team, asked Lisa to spell a word. She was a short, curvy blonde with eyes that sparkled and a figure that was impossible to miss. Her slender hips blended seamlessly with the curves of her ass and her hourglass figure sported a pair of 36c breasts that had starred in countless jerkoff sessions no doubt. 

Brian said the word. "SLIT." 

"Slit?" Lisa echoed.

"Yes. SLIT." Mr. Williams subtly licked his lips as he listened to Lisa's sweet voice spell out the word.

"S - L - I - T. Slit" She sat and smiled at Brian with an expression that seemed to dare him to peak under the desk.

As he walked the room, Mr. Williams watched and listened intently to the early stages of arousal blossoming, as awkward as it was for some of them. He smiled at one of the boys who shifted in his seat as he spelled back the word to the girl looking him in the eyes. "S - H - A - F - T. Shaft"

After allowing enough time for the students to review the spelling list, and of course grow accustomed to the ever increasing sexual atmosphere of the classroom, Mr. Williams instructed the students to put away their spelling lists and prepare for the test.

It was the way he said, "...prepare for the test..." that stirred the students. They had a clue what was coming thanks to what they had heard from friends who had participated in previous years. 

Then, Mr. Williams began the test. "Number one. SMOOTH. SMOOTH." He paused for just an instant to allow the word to fall upon the ears of his listeners without distraction. Then he followed-up with the standard practice of using the word in a sentence. "Delight was not all that the student felt when his fingertips ran along the SMOOTH skin of the cheerleader's body."

Some in the room squirmed. Some shot knowing glances at others. Some giggled. A few kept their heads down as they absorbed the image into their young, horny minds. Mr. Williams scanned the room, knowing that the review session had already moistened some pussies and hardened some cocks. The roomful of pre-foreplay arousal was intoxicating to him. He waited until each pencil was done writing, then he continued to the next word.

"PLUNGING. PLUNGING." Eager eyes greeted his as Mr. Williams paused before beginning the sentence for context. "The boys in class found it uplifting as they admired the PLUNGING neckline of the girl's tight top." 

Mr. Williams gave a special nod of affirmation to Mary as he spoke the sentence, making sure she felt his eyes slither down her face and over her large breasts pushing out of her tight top with the plunging neckline. Her braless form clearly offered him a wonderful view of the outline of her nipples pressing against the fabric of her top. A view not lost to others in the classroom as well.

"KISSED. KISSED." More squirms. Less giggles, with a faint, soft sigh or two in their place. Then the sentence. "There was a hint of a sticky, crackling sound wafting between the girl's legs fanning open and shut as her boyfriend KISSED her." Mr. Williams studied the room. He noticed Kathleen fanning her legs open and shut as she softly puckered her lips in the direction of Aaron sitting across from her. Both Aaron and Mr. Williams caught a glimpse of her soft, cotton shorts stretched against her crotch as she fanned her legs open, daring to give a hint of the folds of her pussy.

He continued. "PRESSED. PRESSED." Not a single pencil was moving as every student awaited the sentence to follow. "The girl felt something PRESSED against her as her boyfriend hugged her from behind in the swimming pool." A few hands slipped beneath desks as pencils scribbled on paper. Kathleen's legs fanned wide open and held that position, revealing how her warm, moist, folds were split by the fabric of her shorts. Aaron's hand moved to his own crotch as he admired the view of Kathleen, fumbling with his zipper.

Mr. Williams felt the room's energy increasing. "SLITHER. SLITHER." Every ear was attentive and eager. "There was a sweet, soft, sigh that was both natural and welcomed as she felt a hand reach over and SLITHER down her top." Brian glanced at Lisa, her perky breasts now advertising her erect nipples. As she leaned over to write the word, she adjusted her posture to offer Brian a view that dared him to merge their experience with the test. 

Brian felt his fingers twitch as he stared at Lisa, or more precisely, Lisa's breasts. With inhibitions lowering with each word, he felt the magnetic draw of Lisa like never before. He was aware of others in the room, but unworried. He wormed his hand towards Lisa, over her arm, to her side, and finally along the lower edge of her breast. 

Lisa felt the warmth of Brian's touch. Although she finished writing the word, she continued to lean forward, allowing Brian's hand to have better access to her. She felt his fingers crawl to the upper edge of her top hanging low over her breasts. Then the rush of pleasure as the warm flesh of his forefinger slithered under the her top and circled her hard nipple. Indeed, a "sweet, soft sigh" escaped from her as she melted to his touch.

Mr. Williams reacted to Brian and Lisa's actions with the tolerance and acceptance that made him so popular with the students. It was liberating. It was inviting. 

"WRIGGLED. WRIGGLED." As each ear awaited the sentence, more bodies began to yield to the seduction filling the room. "As she could no longer resist the temptation, she WRIGGLED free from the restraints of her shorts." It was a daring sentence that fell quietly upon the room; and effectively. 

One by one, bodies began to scoot and squirm. Fabric began to slide and slink away. More skin was exposed. More eyes were engaged. Feet began to flick away shorts. 

Throughout the classroom sat student after student, relieved of their lower constraints, sitting bare-assed at their desk. On display were moist pussies and hard cocks, each responding to the experience.

"SLIPPERY. SLIPPERY." A pencil fell to the floor. Nobody bothered to pick it up. Mr. William's continued. "Warm folds and engorged tips were wet and SLIPPERY." 

Aaron ran his fingers along his precum oozing down his cocktip. Kathleen cradled between her thumb and finger drippings from her moist pussy.

"INTERMIXED. INTERMIXED." Mr. Williams had command of 27 bodies now. "The manifestations of arousal became INTERMIXED between folds and tips."

On cue, Aaron's fingers met Kathleen's, seductively swirling their moist fingers together. The room was filled with similar activities. Mr. Williams smiled and nodded, urging each student to embrace the experience.

Audible gasps were heard as Mr. Williams spoke the next word. "PENETRATED. PENETRATED." The ratio of the room, two girls for each boy, naturally arranged the students into threesomes of one boy and two girls. "As she leaned over the desk, she felt PENETRATED as she had dreamed of." 

One by one, bottomless girls sprawled over their desks and felt the hard cocks of their counterparts penetrating them. Mr. Williams gazed at the orgy-like view and settled into his chair at his desk, unzipping his pants as he continued the test.

"SHARED. SHARED." As cocks penetrated pussy, he continued. "The room was full of friends who eagerly SHARED with each other." Like puppets on a string, the students responded. Cocks pulled out and moved to other pussies. Pussies spread wide for another cock. 

Mr. Williams felt his own cock throbbing as he listened... watched... and lusted. 

"DEVOURED. DEVOURED." A scan of the room revealed mounds of naked flesh interwoven. "Hungry mouths DEVOURED the flavors offered." His sentence was short. Their responses were instant. As if choreographed, a circle around the room developed in which every single pussy and cock received attention from a mouth. Moans and groans filled the room. Mr. Williams stroked.

Before long, manipulation led to ejaculation and orgasmic stimulation. The room exploded with wave after wave of sexual climax, eager young bodies chasing the ultimate orgasmic pleasures the world could offer them.

Mr. Williams enjoyed his own satisfying explosion as he shot his own cum on the desk, in the foreground of the scene of such an orgy in his classroom.

Somehow, each student achieved a perfect score on the test. Graduations were made to happen. And Mr. Williams was more popular than ever.