 Chapter 2 - First 'Dates'

Two Fridays later about five-thirty, a cute short brunette and a gorgeous blonde walked through the lobby of the Four Seasons hotel to the elevator bank. Every head in the area turned to watch them. Despite the brunette being short, she wore tall heels and walked with authority and comfort; her makeup was perfect and not caked on; her hair was wrapped back in a pretty full-bodied twist; and her clothes had to have come from the most expense boutiques in the city. The blonde was taller and obviously sophisticated, perhaps the most upscale person in the entire hotel; she too had an air of certainty, education, and experience.

The women made men's mouths water with lust and wonder. They each carried a large designer purse, and an even larger matching leather shoulder bag. Amber and Kat had chosen every item in the purse and bag with meticulous care. Every contingency for the weekend had been covered as far as they knew; including certificates from a local clinic proving that as of the previous morning they were disease-free.

In a corner of the lobby one other nicely dressed girl watched the young women enter and cross to the elevator bank. Kat and Amber turned and winked at Edie. "Game on!" Edie snapped a photo with her iPhone for posterity.

After an elevator ride to the fourteenth floor, Amber strode down the carpeted hallway to room 1403. She knocked on the door and waited. Her bold walk and pronounced knock hid the sound of her knees clanking together. Amber's free hand twisted a lock of her hair. Kat stood beside her with a more relaxed air.

Mike opened the door with a large smile on his face. "Amber, I am so glad to see you again. This is such a special time for me -- for us -- and I guess especially for you. Come in. And Kat, how nice. Brad is here too, come in." They allowed him to show them into the room. Mike's hand gently rubbed the middle of Amber's back. 

Amber said, "This is such a nice room -- errr, suite. I've never stayed at a Four Seasons before." Amber thought how the nicest motel she and her parents had ever stayed in had been a Motel 6 outside of Cincinnati on a college visitation.

As rehearsed, Amber turned and gently nudged Mike to her for a little kiss on the lips. Mike didn't abuse the moment by forcing something more intense on her. Instead, he raised one hand to her waist and gently massaged as a second kiss erupted between the pair.

As they parted, Mike said cordially, "Can I get you a drink? Alternately, there's a beautiful cocktail lounge up on the roof. The view is spectacular. How about we go up there?"

Amber smiled coyly, "You decide, but it does sound like the rooftop is special for you." As she got into her role as a neophyte escort, Amber felt her nervousness abate slightly.

"Just put your things down in that chair over there. Do you need to freshen up?"

"No, I'm ready." Amber had been so tense about this 'date' that she'd gone to the bathroom two dozen times in the two hours before arriving at Mike's door; if anything she was dehydrated.

About ten feet away, Kat had greeted Brad with a similar kiss and discussion. The men had obviously decided that upstairs was a good start to the weekend together. Mike held the door for Kat, Brad, and Amber, and he closed it behind him; Amber took his arm, and pulled it to her breast as she started to walk closely beside him -- one of the moves the trio had practiced. While sexual it could be dismissed as just a girl wanting to be close to the man she was dating. She looked up at him and flashed him a great smile. Mike looked very happy.

Over cocktails, Mike doted on Amber, "Is what Kat told me true, that you've never been with a man?"

Amber blushed the color of a valentine heart and her anxiety returned like a thunderbolt. She whispered, "True. I've been picky -- too picky according to Kat and Edie who you met a few weeks ago. They've been on a crusade of sorts to be sure I give it up before the summer. I've been searching for years for someone who is worthy of this honor, and after meeting you I was glad that you picked me. You're certainly worthy; I like you."

"I'm honored."

"You're very nice, and not at all like the boys I've dated at the college. I've been focused on my studies too, so I guess I didn't allow a lot of time for dating. All that's about to change, in part, thanks to you."

Mike said, "I'm doubly honored, particularly that you and Kat are going to spend most of the weekend with us. I explained to Kat that we have to fly home on Sunday afternoon. We both have some meetings we don't want to miss first thing on Monday."

Despite her fears, Amber smiled and teased, "I wonder what we can find to do for a day and a half?"

She glanced over at Kat, but she and Brad were forehead to forehead having a conversation as they each touched each other in almost intimate ways and occasionally kissed. Kat was very good at this game, and Amber took some mental notes of things to do with Mike.

The question of 'what to do for a day and a half' started to be answered a little over two hours later after the foursome returned to Mike's suite after a gracious dinner in the hotel's five-star restaurant. Neither Kat nor Amber had ever eaten such a lavish meal. Mike and Brad knew how to wine and dine. Both girls had been sure to moderate their drinking, and even reminded the men to not overindulge so that it affected their 'virility.'

Standing in the middle of Mike's suite, Amber held her arms out to the handsome man that she figured she would consort with for another day-and-a-half. Mike swept into the pixie, bent down, and kissed her, now with a passion they couldn't display in the restaurant when they'd canoodled a little between courses.

Amber whispered, "Oh, Mike. I am so ready for you to make love to me." The voice that spoke aloud was different from the voice within that was shouting for Amber to run away. She had put on a brave face and hoped that he couldn't read her inner emotions. It was all she could do to keep her knees from knocking together and her voice from stuttering.

Mike panted as he started to carefully undo the white buttons on the front of Amber's snug-fitting silk blouse. He'd already run a finger down from her neck into the cleavage the blouse left for his enjoyment. The touches had indeed turned Amber on; despite her nervousness she was also horny.

Across the living room of the suite, Kat's beautiful wrap-around top unwrapped from her torso with Brad's help, and became the first item of clothing shed on the weekend. Seconds later Kat's generous breasts came into view, and Brad dipped his head to suck on each engorged nipple. Kat's moan of happiness filled the room and even inspired Amber.

* * * * *

Edie squealed with delight as Kat and Amber came into the student apartment dorm room just after lunch on Sunday. She pounced on the pair, "Kat, Amber, you've got to tell me everything. I want a blow-by-blow, or suck-by-suck, or fuck-by-fuck for every second you were away. Amber did you do it?"

Amber laughed, even feeling more confident than usual with her friend. She said, "Well, I'm not a virgin anymore. I think I could say that at least a dozen times. My god, Mike was a stallion. He had tremendous endurance and fast recovery time, but yesterday we did do a few other things."

Edie urged, "Tell me. Tell me. I'm so jealous. I wish that Paul had come back with them, then the three of us could have fucked up a storm with them."

Kat said, "Here's the short version. We saw you in the hotel lobby as we went in. You should have picked up a guy too. Anyway, Mike, Brad, Amber and I went and had cocktails in the rooftop bar and then dinner in the restaurant. I had a veal dish that you'd swoon over."

"We went back to the men's suite, and I encouraged Brad to undress me. When he had me naked, I got him to suck on my breasts and we kissed some more. I then unzipped him and pulled out this monster cock -- well, it seemed that way to me. I told him it was a monster and that seemed to make him really happy."

Amber picked up the thread; "I did the same with Mike only seconds behind Kat. She was my role model for the night. I felt much safer and confident because she was in the same room with me. Before Mike could even undress, I had him down my throat in what he assured me was the best blowjob he'd ever had times ten. Mike stopped me, stripped, and then carried me to the sofa. He ate me out for twenty minutes, and I think I came about six times. He was really good. God, it was so sexy, because Brad was eating out Kat right next to me. The two of us held hands for a few minutes."

Edie said, "I am so jealous, and you are making me so horny."

Amber continued in her little high voice, "Anyway, I eventually nudged him up by telling him it was time for me to become a real woman. He liked that. He also suggested that I come over him so I could control my first penetration. I mounted him and we kissed, and then I rose up and ran his cock along my slit just like in the porn films we watched. Finally, I just said to myself 'It's time,' and so I very slowly put his cock at the entrance to my kitty, and wiggled my hips a little as I sank down over every inch of him. He was marvelous, and I came -- I mean, can you believe it, when I got my pubes are against him, this wonderful feeling sweeps over me, and I soared into heaven with my first orgasm in a real fuck."

Kat said, "Brad and I watched Amber and Mike. I'd told him about the major deflowering event taking place. He was so sweet, so he treated me the same way. I mounted Brad and we fucked in parallel with Mike and Amber, and right next to them on another sofa. Doing that with another couple that close was so erotic, I think I had a least one orgasm just because we were in a group setting."

Amber added, "Oh, yeah. It was so erotic and romantic at the same time. I fell into Mike's arms and we made out as he slowly started to pump his cock into me. I thanked him too for being my first. He told me I was so tight, but that was good for him. You know, he's about eight inches from tip to groin, and I took all of him; he was wide too, I mean not like a beer can or anything, but he had very satisfying girth."

"Hold long did you fuck?" Edie asked.

"All night!" Amber whispered as she sort of swooned. "I mean that first time I stayed on top for about twenty minutes, until Mike blasted his cum up inside me. We just hugged and kissed after that for some time. I'd had a couple of more orgasms too, but I didn't cum when he did. I was very focused on bringing him off, so I was doing the dirty talk we rehearsed with him, except I meant every word of it. I really wanted him to cum in me, and I wanted to fuck him all night long after that too."

"What happened then?"

Amber replied, "We watched Kat and Brad fuck, until Brad came deep inside her. They were noisy, and Kat's a moaner as we know. We all got turned on again."

Amber sighed, "Oh god, it was so nice. Mike cuddled me for half an hour, and whispered words to me about how nice I was, and how special I was, and how he wanted to spend more time with me. The next I knew, I was on my back, and Mike was hard again. He pushed into me, and we made love again."

"You fucked."

Amber insisted, "No, we made love. He was gentle and loving. He was careful of me, almost like I was fine porcelain. I felt like a princess, and I told him he was my prince. We made love for about fifteen minutes, and then we did something really naughty." She grinned like a Cheshire cat.

Edie urged with heightened curiosity, "What? What? Tell me!"

Kat snorted, "We changed partners. Mike jerked himself from Amber's tight little pussy, and Brad pulled out of me, and the men traded. Mike came to me, and Brad went to Amber. They started fucking right away, whereas Mike went down on me for a bit. I said nothing about Brad's cum up inside me; he must have known but didn't seem to care."

Amber said, "The four of us made love for another half hour until the men came again. I had the cum from two different men inside me within an hour, and it was my first time fucking. I was so excited and worked up I wanted to scream in joy to the stars. The whole thing was so empowering."

Kat said, "After we cuddled some more with our new partner, we showered, dressed, and went back to the rooftop where they had a trio playing jazz. We danced for an hour or more, and then went back to the room and made love again. We swapped partners again too."

"Sounds fantastic," Edie exclaimed. "I have got to get myself into this game in a big way. I'm so glad that you had good experiences."

Amber added, "Oh, I forgot to tell you, Brad ate me out after we'd made love the second time. I told him it was the first time a guy had eaten my pussy after I had cum in it. That really excited him, so much that he had another rock-solid hard-on that he put to good use inside my tight little cunny."

"What do you mean, second time?"

"Mike had cum inside me -- a lot, the first time we got back from the rooftop bar, and then Brad had cum in me before we showered and went back to the bar. I know it was leaking out of my small pussy. I'd even put a sanitary pad in my thong. When we came back from our second bar trip, Mike fucked me again and came. I was leaking a lot by then. Brad saw that, and just went down on me. He lapped up the cum, sucked some out of me, and even used a finger to pull it from inside me, but he lapped up every drop he could find -- his and Mike's. He also gave me a little orgasm because of what he was doing with his tongue and fingers. He collected it in his mouth and then brought it up for us to share while we kissed. That was soooo sexy. Even in the porn we studied, I never saw a guy do that."

Edie asked, "Did you ever sleep?"

"Yeah, after the second fuck we had when we came down from dancing. Mike cuddled into me from behind, put his cock back in me, and then we dozed off. We made love again in the middle of the night, and then when we got up around nine. Kat had gone off with Brad to the other bedroom in the suite. I worried a little until I realized the guys had left all the doors open and I could hear Kat fucking again."

Kat nodded, "We did much the same: coupled together, slept, and fucked in the middle of the night and then when we woke up."

Edie pushed, "So, what was Saturday like?"

Amber grinned, "Well, after our morning fuck, and I could get used to that, we showered, dressed in bikinis and casual clothes, and the four of us went downstairs and had brunch. We'd fucked for a long time that morning. Brad told me it was because he and Mike were wearing out and needed some recovery time. He seemed embarrassed, but I told him that we needed a little breathing room so we didn't get sore. I think that made it better for him."

"After brunch, we got in into their rental car, and they drove us out to a remote section of the beach down near Palm Island. We walked the beach barefoot for a mile or more and then came back to the car. They were so romantic. Mike held hands with me, and I felt all this love and energy from him, and I hope I reflected it back to him. We stopped and kissed a lot as we walked. Kat and Brad were going the same thing. It was kind of romantic."

Kat nodded to confirm Amber's story.

Edie asked, "Did you screw on the beach?"

"God, no! There were all sorts of people around. We weren't that isolated. But, you know, if he'd asked, I would have gone back in the sand dunes with him and let him fuck me again. I am a convert. I want to fuck all the time. I can't wait for the next time."

"What'd you do after the beach?"

"We found a seafood shack, and had a long mid-afternoon lunch. We talked a lot about ourselves. I sort of fell in love with both of them, especially Mike; he's so nice. He's in the process of getting a separation. He has one kid -- a little boy. He talked about his job too, and where he hopes to go next."

"Is he motivated and a hard worker?"

"I think so. He wants Brad's job next, and that's no secret to the two of them. Brad wants to move up to be the Chief Operating Officer of the company, and they're both hoping that those changes can happen soon -- over the next year. Paul, the guy we met at the restaurant, is supposed to leave the company soon. They want to takeover the whole company -- Wonderland Industries International."

Edie asked, "So, when did you fuck again?"

Kat responded, "We didn't make love again until after a light dinner back at the Four Seasons, and then we did it three times in a row before we cleaned up and went back upstairs to dance. We swapped partners a couple of times too. They liked doing that as much as we did. When we came down after dancing, I let Brad fuck me in the ass."

"You didn't!" She looked at Amber, "Did you do anal too?"

Amber looked embarrassed, "I did. I'm glad I had the lube you insisted I carry. Yeah, I gave Mike both holes -- both virginities. He was careful again, and I have to tell you it was not the most pleasant experience, but I did it. I guess I'd do it again too."

Edie guffawed, "Our most innocent virgin likes kinky sex." A few seconds later, she asked, "Oh, my god. Did they pay you?"

Amber walked over to her purse and picked an envelope out of it. She tossed it to Edie.

Edie counted the bills inside. She exclaimed, "He gave you five-thousand dollars!"

Amber jerked around, "He didn't?" She sounded amazed.

"He did." Edie fanned out fifty hundred-dollar bills.

"I guess he liked me."

Edie chuckled, "One night at twenty-five hundred, a second at two grand, and a five-hundred dollar tip."

Kat rummaged in her purse and pulled out a similar envelope. She pulled a stack of hundred dollar bills from it and counted. "Holy shit. Brad gave me a five-hundred dollar tip too. I guess we made a good impression."

Edie urged, "You've got to follow up with them somehow, an email or something. Tell them how much you enjoyed yourselves and how you hope to do it again. You've got to thank them for your ... honorarium. That's a good name for it instead of 'tip'." She chuckled.

Amber picked up the money and counted it as she stood in the middle of the dorm room. "This is the most money I've ever had at one time. I'll write Mike. I don't want to call him. I don't want him to think I'm pursuing him or after his money."

"You actually are," Kat admonished.

"Not if he gives me another weekend like this one."

"When did you screw around last?"

Amber said, "We did it twice this morning after we got up, right up until they had to rush through a shower, dress, pack, and bolt from the room. He almost forgot to kiss me goodbye."

Kat rolled her eyes, "You are a hopeless romantic." She then conceded, "But Brad did the same thing. I think there's something deeper there than we're just call girls, but I can't be sure."

Edie said with a chuckle, "I agree, particularly for Amber. After all this shyness and 'I'm-a-virgin' shit, she lands a hunk with money that sweeps her off her feet. I bet you he comes back for more, a lot more, and maybe he'll sweep Miss Amber into his life forever, and they'll live happily ever after."

* * * * *

THUD!

The body hitting the exercise mat made a deafening sound. It was Edie. She groaned, rolled over, and got up to bow to her instructor who had just shown the group of women in the class how to throw an opponent that attacked from behind. In this demonstration, she'd been the aggressor.

Wan Suh, the martial arts instructor turned to the other women, "Please, I hope you noticed, how my left arm remained straight and locked on Edie-kun's wrist, just before I braced and pulled her over my hip into the flip."

Kat and Amber nodded, along with the six other women in the class. Edie stood rubbing her ass.
