 "Are you serious?" asked Sam.

"Yeah," replied Kara. "That's all she talks about."

Sam, Kara, Crissy, and Regina sat in the only four seats that faced one another on the crowded charter bus. They had been talking for hours, trying to pass the time as the miles rolled slowly by on a long trip from Hazard, Kentucky to Orlando, Florida. Eventually, the conversation had turned to Sam' favorite subject: sex. At the center of this conversation was one of Sam' favorite motivations for sex: Sarah B. Colwell. Sarah slept at the front of the bus, which of course made anything in her personal life fair game. As it turned out, Sarah had quite the little fantasy.

"Sarah has always told me that she wants it rough, you know?" said Regina.

"Not like rape or anything," said Kara. "Just kinky. She wants to be tied and gagged and teased. She likes to get hit a little and for the guy to get real rough when he screws her, but she doesn't want to get beat or anything, you know? Somewhere between normal sex and torture, I guess."

"And she said she would like for people to watch 'em doing it," said Regina. "Wants to watch her guy screw other women, too. She's messed up."

"That's why what's-his-name broke up with her," added Crissy. "He said he couldn't put up with her wanting to do weird stuff all the time."

"Hell, sounds pretty cool to me," said Sam. The girls laughed. 

"Say," Sam said, a crafty smile forming on his lips. "Do you think Sarah would like to live that little fantasy out on this trip?"

"What do you mean?" Kara inquired.

"Well, we stop at a hotel tonight. Once everybody kind of settles down, I could figure out a way to sneak in ya'lls room and. . .well, you know."

The girls looked at each other a while, then Kara said, "Sarah would absolutely DIE if that happened to her! She'd love it! Have you got anything to tie her with?"

"I could use my belt, and the straps on my suitcases come off. I'm sure I could find something to gag her with, so that's taken care of. What about the audience? Would you all be willing to watch?"

"Well, I guess," said Crissy.

"Sure," said Kara.

"Yeah, I'll watch," said Regina.

"What about the 'other woman?'" asked Sam slyly. The girls looked at one another, silently weighing the pros and cons of what was being asked.

"I'll do it," said Regina suddenly, causing the other three members of the group to look in her direction. "It'll be kind of fun, I think." That said, the four huddled to finalize their plans.

The bus arrived at the hotel later than expected: 10:30 instead of nine. The in-room curfew was eleven. Most of the students turned in early after a long day on the bus. A few went to a nearby section of the area known as Old Town to shop until eleven.

Sam had the luxury of being the only male in his room. The other two assigned to room with him had chosen to stay with other groups. When eleven came, the chaperons came by for a final room check and found everyone watching TV or nestled snug in their beds. The chaperons themselves then turned in. Five minutes past. Ten. The phone in Sam' room rang.

"Hello," he said into the receiver.

"She's in the shower," said Crissy's voice on the other end.

"What room?" asked Sam.

"217," replied Crissy.

"Be right there." Sam hung up the receiver, grabbed his key, turned out the lights, quietly opened his door, looked for any signs of trouble, then closed the door behind him and crept down to room 217.

He knocked lightly on the door. Kara opened it and let him swiftly inside. The curtains had been pulled. Kara turned the dead-bolt and fastened the door chain once Sam was inside. Sam produced the strap from his luggage, looped it and tossed one end over a hanging lamp in the room. He handed Kara his belt with instructions to loop it around Sarah's feet when the time came. To Crissy, he handed a bandanna.

"Roll it up and hand it to me when I get her pinned," instructed Sam. "I'll use it to gag her." Crissy nodded and rolled the bandanna into a bulky rope.

Regina sat on the bed wearing a long tee-shirt. With her legs pulled up to her chest, Sam could see that was all she wore. She smiled as he walked over to her.

"Looking good," he said. "Nervous?"

"A little," Regina replied.

"How do you want it?"

"Well, Sarah likes it rough. I figure she would want to watch it rough, too." Regina shrugged. "Hurt me, baby," she said playfully.

"You got it," Sam said, caressing her cheek with his hand.

The water in the shower stopped running. "Here we go," said Kara. 

A wall separated the bathroom area from the rest of the room. Sam stood here, laying in wait for his pray. The other girls sat down on one of the two beds, trying to look nonchalant. 

After a few minutes, the bathroom door opened and Sarah walked out, drying her hair with a towel. The towel obscured her vision, so she did not see Sam pressed against the wall as she passed. Like Regina, she wore a long tee-shirt, this one with a Jimmy Buffet design on its back. She stood in the center of the room for a while, continuing to dry her hair. She stopped and noticed the other girls staring at her, rather than noticing Sam come up behind her.

"What?" she asked her friends. At that moment, Sam lunged for her, reaching around to cover her mouth and holding onto her as tightly as possible with the other arm.

She struggled frantically and almost slipped free a time or two. Before she could do so, Sam forced her down on the bed, still covering her mouth to muffle the screams. 

"Crissy!" he said, and Crissy sprang to his side. He managed to straddle Sarah and pin her arms with his knees. Once this was done, he took the gag from Crissy. A short scream burst forth in the second that Sam uncovered her mouth and slipped the gag into it. He tied the ends tightly about her head. Kara slipped the leather strap around Sarah's ankles and pulled it tight. He then released her. She tried to get to her feet, but fell in the attempt. She wriggled and made muffled noises on the floor. Sam hoisted the tiny, squirming body into his arms and carried her to the hanging loop. 

"I need somebody to hold her up for a minute," he said, gritting his teeth with the exertion it took to keep Sarah under control. She was small, but she was feisty. Crissy came over and held her as best she could while Sam struggled to bring her flailing arms together. Finally, he forced her wrists together and through the loop, which he tightened. Crissy then sat Sarah down. She was small, and her feet did not touch the ground. She thrashed there on her hanging support. Sam hoped the seemingly flimsy lamp was stronger than it looked. 

Sam reached beneath Sarah's shirt and found, unlike Regina, she wore silk panties. These he ripped violently from her crotch. He did the same to her shirt, but was only able to rip it down the front as her fastened arms held the shirt on. Sarah screamed in her muffled voice.

"Shut up, bitch," Sam said savagely. He roughly fondled her breasts. Though Sarah tried to pull away, she was quite immobile now. He leaned forward and took the pink nipple of Sarah's right breast in his mouth, grated the soft flesh between his teeth. Sarah clenched her eyes shut and issued what was easily identifiable as a scream, muffled or not. She tried to kick him away, but he only had to side step the awkward thrust of her bound legs. He moved behind her, knelt, and licked the crack of her ass. He then bit the flesh of that wonderfully curved part of Sarah's anatomy. Again, she screamed, though not as loud.

"I said shut up!," Sam barked. He moved back to the front and brought his face close to Sarah's. She tried to turn away, but he took her face firmly in one hand and forced her to look into his eyes. "I know you like it, you little whore. Don't tell me you don't. I know better."

Regina came up behind him, encircled him with her arms, and ran her hands up his chest. Still looking into Sarah's eyes, he said, "You want to watch me fuck her, don't you? You little whore. Don't you?" Sarah made a sound that may have been a moan, may have been a quite "Yes." Either way, it was an affirmative response.

Sam turned to Regina, who frantically began unbuttoning and unzipping his pants.

He pushed her hard onto the bed. She sat up and began kissing his stomach while pulling down his jeans. He pulled his shirt over his head as Regina slipped his pants to his ankles. He stepped out of them and again pushed Regina onto her back. This time he climbed on top, ripping her shirt in the same manner as Sarah's. He would have his ass chewed out for all the damage he caused the girls' clothing later on, but all parties involved were enjoying it now. With her arms free, the remnants of the shirt slipped easily off of Regina and were tossed aside. 

"Fuck me," she said, panting. "Fuck me hard, you son of a bitch." She was really getting into it, and Sam became so aroused that he couldn't possibly resist her demand.

He forcibly moved her legs into a spread-eagle position, and rammed his cock into her. A sound--half gasp, have moan--rolled from Regina's lips as he slid out and again rammed his rod home. Now he pushed her legs up around her head, contorting her painfully, though she didn't complain. He climbed further up her body, pinning her legs in position, and rammed harder and harder. Regina's moans turned to cries of intense pleasure as the thrusts increased in strength and speed.

Sarah watched all of this from her suspended perch. She squirmed and moaned as Sam ravaged Regina before her eyes. Moisture ran down her inner thighs, which she rubbed together as she hung from the ceiling.

"Oh, God, baby!" Regina cried as her body was rocked by an intense orgasm. Sam followed suite, emptying his testicles into Regina's holiest of holes. Just as he finished, he climbed off her. Grabbing Regina by the hair, he yanked her from the bed and tossed her to the floor by the opposite bed where Kara and Crissy watched in aroused awe. Breathing heavily, Regina pulled herself to a sitting position. She leaned back against the bed, looked up at the two girls, and smiled broadly.

"Whoa," she said, and laughed breathlessly.

"You want some of that, bitch?" asked Sam. He now stood in front of Sarah again. She moaned through her gag, looked down and saw his penis standing at attention only inches from her pussy. She thrust her hips forward, but Sam stepped out of reach. Sarah moaned louder, seemed to add a bit of whine in it as well.

"No, no no," said Sam, wagging his finger in her face. "Bad girl." He turned to Kara and Crissy. "Sarah's been bad. She must not want any lovin'. One of you want to take her place?" Before any answer could come, Sarah screamed and thrashed on her hook. Sam turned and thought she may be close to tears. 

"You want it?" Sam repeated. Sarah nodded weakly. Oh, God, did she want it! Sam kneeled in front of her and untied her legs. He ran his tongue up her leg, licking her juices. He stopped at her crotch, darted his tongue quickly in and out of her hole twice. Sarah moaned even louder as he continued up her body, licking her stomach and Frenching her belly button. He moved up to her breasts, which he took turns sucking. He moved farther up, licked her face and ears. He moved to her back and made his way back down.

He ran his tongue along the groove cut into her ass, then back down her leg.

Sam stood, removed the gag from Sarah's mouth. Still standing behind her, he whispered in her ear, "Now, what do you want me to do?"

"I want you to fuck me," she said softly, her eyes closed.

"How do you want me to fuck you?" Sam wondered aloud.

"I want you to fuck me hard, Sammy. Fuck me hard." came Sarah's reply.

"Where do you want me to fuck you, Sarah?"

"My pussy, my ass, my mouth, I don't give a fuck where, you mother fucker. JUST FUCK ME!" she screamed.

With that, Sam released her hands and she fell forward on the bed. Sam spread her legs, then her ass cheeks. He pushed his cock into Sarah's tight ass-hole and began to pump.

"Bang her hard, Sam!" cried Kara, adding audience participation to the event.

Sam obeyed, and Sarah screamed, partly of pain and partly of pleasure. He locked his fingers in Sarah's hair and pulled back, bending her almost double, at which time she came quickly and violently. 

He pulled free, turned her over, and slid into her wet vagina. He slid rapidly in and out several times, then pulled away. He grabbed her hair again, wrestled her to her knees and shoved her face toward his cock. "I want you to taste both of us, you little slut!"

Sarah took Sam' cock, glistening with her juices, into her mouth and began to suck him off.

"Suck him, Sarah," said Crissy.

"I was better, Sarah," Regina taunted. "He liked my pussy better. Suck him!"

Sarah, always the performer, did as the crowd wanted. She licked and sucked, sucked and licked, and finally, Sam shot a thick load of cum into her mouth. Sarah swallowed it greedily and continued to suck. Sam pulled her off, laid her back. He shoved his penis, on fire from stimulation, into her gaping pussy and pumped until she came again. He then slumped, exhausted on top of her.

The next morning, everyone climbed back on the bus and began another long day of traveling. Sam, Kara, Crissy, and Regina took their facing seats once again. This time, Sarah sat in the floor between them and joined the conversation. The conversation, though, was fairly limited for most of the morning. 

"You mean you guys planned that whole thing right back here?" asked Sarah.

"Yeah," said Sam. "The girls told me about your fantasy and I figured we could both get some enjoyment out of it."

"You two aren't the only ones who had a good time, you know," said Regina, which prompted laughter from the group.

"Yeah, Regina. I bet he had to twist your arm to get you to do that," said Sarah.

"Well, no, but I think he must have twisted something. I'm sore all over!"

"Me, too," said Sarah. "And I do mean ALL over!"

"I aim to please," said Sam smugly.

"Well, I just want to know one thing," said Crissy.

"What's that?" said Sam.

"On the way back, can me and Kara have a turn?"