 Chapter 7 - The Assistant

Kat said in an astonished tone, "You fucked his father and his stepmother. What a family! What a boyfriend! I want to go up to Boston on one of your trips so I can join in."

Edie laughed, "Me too. That sounded like such a fun weekend -- romantic and sex filled. I assume you made a good impression on his parents."

Amber laughed, "His father told me I was the best fuck he'd ever had -- and in front of his wife. I was so embarrassed. He is a very lovable mature man with a great sense of humor." She paused and said, "But I haven't told you the best part."

"What? Go on."

"Kir, Mike's stepmother, was and still is an escort -- a high priced call girl."

"OMG. Does Mike's father know?"

"He not only knows, he encourages her ... just the way Mike encourages me."

"No shit!" Edie was truly amazed.

Amber elaborated, "Kir said she'd be glad to talk to us anytime about her perspective on being a call girl and escort. She's tied in with eight other women and a gay guy in their service, so she's had someone to share with and get ideas from. We talked some and she seemed impressed with what we've set up, particularly how we're using the Internet and social pages."

"Are you flying back up there on Friday?"

"Yes. I get picked up here at two-thirty. I'll be on the ground outside Boston about six, and with Mike before seven on Friday evening. You're both invited, by the way."

The girls talked and compared notes for another hour before Kat finally announced, "Amber, I don't want to take any thunder away from what's happening in your life, but I got a call from Brad -- Mike's buddy. He's bought me a ticket to New Orleans for the weekend. We're meeting up and going to have some fun."

"Kat, that's great. Are you excited?"

"Yeah, I am. I'm nervous inside. I like Brad ... a lot, so this will be an extra-special weekend for me. So special that I don't think I'm going to raise the subject of money or pay or anything like that."

Amber just grinned at her roommate. She was wise enough to know the signs of a budding romance, even one that had been gestating for months.

Friday, after a limousine ride and a jet ride from Sarasota's general aviation terminal to just outside Boston, Amber found herself getting into another stretch limousine.

Inside was another pretty woman who greeted Amber to her surprise, "Hi, I'm Margo -- Mike's assistant. He asked me to greet you and get you settled in his apartment."

"Hi Margo. Where's Mike -- wrapped up in some deal?"

"Precisely, except the 'deal' isn't in Boston, it was in Moscow about twelve hours ago. He'd hoped to get away before five o'clock their time, but the Russians insisted he go to a long dinner with them to celebrate the deal. I think he was also expected to eat black bread, pickles -- which he doesn't like, and drink a gallon or two of vodka. If he'd gotten away by five, he might have been here now, but as it is, he won't appear until tomorrow morning. So, sorry to say, but I'm your entertainment and dinner date for the evening."

Margo seemed exceptionally pleasant and welcoming. She had the nicest smile and professional look about her. To Amber, Margo definitely rated the adjective 'hot'. She was a gorgeous blonde, obviously capable -- Mike had attributed much of his recent success to her, and a sharp dresser. Amber wondered why Mike had even looked at her when he had Margo at home, so to speak.

"You should have called. Not to insult you, but I wouldn't have gotten all psyched up about seeing Mike right off the airplane. In any case, Mike wanted us to meet and get to know each other, so this is a very welcome change of plans. I need you to tell me all of Mike's deepest and darkest secrets." She gave Margo a conspiratorial look.

Margo laughed, "I wanted to call you, but Mike explicitly told me to get you here for him before he arrived. He did extend his apologies. He mentioned us meeting too, for the past few weeks actually. I feel like we're overdue to see each other face to face."

As they talked the limousine whisked them into downtown Boston and to Mike's penthouse apartment overlooking the Charles River. Margo gave a little travelogue about the sights and areas they passed on the way mostly against rush hour traffic out of the city, although none of them rated high on the scenery scale.

At Mike's building, Margo led the way in, helping with one of Amber's bags after the chauffeur got them to the lobby. 

Amber noted that the doorman/concierge greeted Margo by name, and they exchanged a friendly greeting. She wondered how frequently Margo had been a visitor to Mike's apartment. Margo was such a stunning woman, she felt certain that there was some kind of physical relationship there.

After they were in the elevator, Amber probed, "I take it that you are here often?"

Margo blushed, "I was for a while, but not so much these days. Our arrangement changed so Mike's in the office more."

Amber registered that bit of cryptic information, but felt there was something more there.

After getting everything into the apartment and put in the right places, Margo said, "Can I get you a Chardonnay? I believe that's you drink of choice. Mike constantly talks about you, so I already feel I know a few things about you and your preferences."

"Yes, please, and you're correct. He's praised you to the skies to me too."

"I pulled a few other facts about you from Mike so I could be a good hostess for him."

Amber twisted a strand of her hair in a nervous gesture. The gesture belied several other questions Amber wanted to ask. Finally, the most important of the lot broke through; "Margo, are you and Mike an item -- in a relationship? Am I on your turf?"

Margo's head spun to look at Amber's blunt question so rapidly her neck made a snapping sound. She studied Amber through an awkward silence and then answered slowly. "I'll be honest with you. Yes, we were an item -- but the emphasis is on the past tense. Are you on my turf? Well, sort of. I still care a lot about Mike and I don't want to see him get hurt, plus I'm his all-purpose assistant, and my job is to make his life easy, smooth, serene, and comfortable." She chuckled, "He creates the chaos and I try to make it go away. That's built some kind of intimacy between us that most couples don't achieve."

Amber absorbed the words, "Thank you. I don't want to be a problem to you and certainly not Mike. I wonder why Mike would pay me any attention at all after seeing you and talking with you. You're beautiful and smart, and everything a guy could want."

Margo took a seat opposite Amber. Beside them a floor-to-ceiling window looked out at other Boston skyscrapers. Margo said, "I'd just joined the company when Mike started divorce proceedings and had started to work on some overseas business deals. I was fresh out of Wharton with a newly minted MBA. By the way, congratulations are due you for pursuing that degree. I understand what you're going through."

After a sip of wine she continued. Amber was smart enough to remain mute except to nod encouragingly for Margo to continue; she'd become expert at keeping a conversation going, learning a lot, and saying little. "Mike and I flirted, and the flirtations became something more physical. I developed some deep feelings for Mike, but, over time, it turned out that I didn't spark his interest in me the same way he did for me. I'm kind of shy and hold back part of me in the relationship. I don't know why it didn't work for us, but I know it's working for you two."

"I'm sorry," Amber said in a sincere tone.

Marge chuckled, "Unrequited love. I became an expert at it. We cut a deal a few months ago. I promised to fall out of love with him, but we'd still be fuck buddies available for booty calls."

"Wasn't that hard to do?"

"The question more appropriately is 'Isn't that hard to do?' and the answer is yes. I still have a big soft spot for Mike, and I know he has one for me, but I'm not 'The One' he's looking for."

"So, I'm an interloper."

Margo shook her head. "No, not really. You may be 'The One' though. Mike had been looking for someone that sparked him in just the right way. You came along, and 'Presto!' he's in love -- you have the magic chemistry. I'm sure he's madly in love with you."

Amber shuddered inside, "How much do you know about me? How much did Mike tell you?" She prepared herself to be judged.

Margo chuckled, "I know you're a high-priced call girl, and that doesn't bother me. In fact, I wish I'd been bold enough to take that route, but I'm sexually repressed given how I was raised. Instead, I ended up with $75,000 in student loans by the time I finished grad school. Thanks to Mike, those are all paid off. He's very generous, to a fault. Because of all the leg work I did to help him with some of the European deals, I also got a huge bonus from him -- well, from the company."

Amber couldn't think of anything to say.

Margo filled the silence, "Look, Amber. Yes, I know about you, but so what? This is the happiest I've ever seen Mike, thus you have my vote of confidence. I'm willing to reach out and be a friend -- a close friend -- and I hope you're willing to accept me on that basis. If you see me as a threat, I'll willingly fade into the background and breakoff all contact with Mike other than what the office demands. I do love my job and working for him. The job alone is exciting, taxing, and challenging. I'm sure I can further separate the characters we are from it."

Amber stood and walked across the short space to the sofa and sat next to Margo on the white leather sofa. She put her arms around her and kissed her on the lips. "Margo, I don't want to shut you out of Mike's life. I don't want to rob you of whatever pleasure in your life you can find from Mike -- in any way at all, and believe me I know what a pleasure Mike can be."

Amber thought for a moment, "I guess it comes with the territory of being an escort, but I'm willing to share. Perhaps you know my roommate Kat and I have shared Mike and Brad. Brad and Kat are off this weekend in New Orleans on a date. Sharing comes naturally to me, especially with the man who took my virginity. I want him to be happy."

Margo looked surprised. "Mike was your first? I didn't think you met until about two years ago."

"Yeah, I got all the way to my junior year in college before I finally broke the ice with him. I'd been a simple girl without much chutzpah. Kat and my other roommate Edie talked me into putting my virginity up on the auction block when we were just starting the escort service. I caved in, and Mike turned out to be the man -- my first 'date'. That was about two-plus years ago."

"Well, he never told me that. Thank you for sharing." After a few seconds of silence, Margo turned her infatuating blue eyes on Amber. "Would you do me a favor, Amber? Would you kiss me again, I liked that. I've never kissed another girl."

Without another word, Amber leaned in, closed her eyes, and gave Margo a very tender and loving kiss -- the kind that imparts a lot of subtle passion and tenderness; the kind that makes a girl's pussy drip in anticipation of more loving.

Margo hummed in deep satisfaction partway through the kiss, and that's when each of them extended their tongues into the other's mouth. More kisses and French kisses followed without further words.

"Oh, Amber, I can see why Mike loves you. You're so passionate and adorable. You're a hot little pixie, and you make me want to do all sorts of things with you."

"Then why don't you?" If we're going to be close friends, let's be the kind of close friends that enjoy being physical with each other too."

Margo said in a timid voice, "Amber, I'd like that, I think. I've never been physical with another woman, and what will Mike think?"

Amber smiled as she pecked at Margo's lips. "Allow me to show you the finer points of making love with another woman, and as for Mike, why don't we surprise him in his bed when he gets back from Russia and we can find out exactly what he thinks. My guess is that he'll be turned on beyond anything you can imagine. Just maybe it'll shift your relationship with him in the right direction for you. You have nothing to lose on that account."

Amber wondered why she had just offered up her new boyfriend to this beautiful woman she'd only met an hour or so earlier, but the words seemed like the right things to say. She sensed a split personality: aggressive about business dealings, and exceptionally shy about personal relationships.

Margo looked at Amber with a careful assessment, "I trust your judgment on this. Mike does like some kinky stuff. My sexual experience is very limited compared to yours. Very!"

Amber leaned over and undid two buttons on Margo's blouse revealing a flawless chest and the edge of her bra. As she did she said, "Did you and Mike ever share with someone else?"

"Never." Margo reached over and stroked Amber's mid-section, obviously encouraging her to continue her slow seduction. "I was too scared to try anything like that. I never said anything, but I think Mike just knew. He knew I was a good girl, and he didn't push too hard to have me be anything but that. My parents were really strict until I left for college, but I'd been imprinted with a lot of crazy messages about sex and love by then. Even knowing they hold me back, I can't seem to break free of them."

Amber said, "Well, Mike and I are going to expand your horizons this weekend, if you're willing, plus let me assure you that a threesome with you and two guys is also fabulous, and a foursome with another couple where everyone switches around is even more mind blowing."

Margo said, "I'd be scared. I am scared thinking of being with you, but I am turned on and want to. I have all these conflicting messages inside. Help me overcome myself. I'm putting my trust in you."

Amber said, "Scared of what? Modesty? Performance? Ability to deliver pleasure? The first two aren't worth thinking about, and your presence is guaranteed to deliver pleasure. Look at you. You're gorgeous." She hugged Margo.

Amber added, "About Mike and his kinkiness; I know one of the reasons he likes me is because of my escort experience -- as limited as it has been. There's a lot of stuff I just won't do. I've told him repeatedly that I'll stop in order to be his girlfriend, but he keeps urging me to continue but tell him about my escapades, some of which are pretty boring, unoriginal, and repetitive."

After a kiss from Amber, Margo said, "Yes, but you're so experienced compared to me. I mean in my whole life I've only had sex with three men." She moved her hand up and tentatively stroked the under curve of Amber's breasts with one finger.

When Margo's blouse was unbuttoned, Amber gently nudged the piece of clothing from her shoulders. Margo shyly shed the blouse, leaving her upper body clad in a lacy but functional bra. She blushed a pretty scarlet color.

Margo admitted, "I'm not very well-endowed. I'm only a B-cup, but they're sensitive."

Amber kissed along Margo's neck and behind one ear. She whispered, "Sensitive is good, and haven't you heard that size doesn't matter; it's what you do with what you have that matters." Her kisses meandered down the expanse of Margo's available chest. With one hand, she unlatched the bra and helped Margo shed the apparel so her chest was bared. Margo hummed in anticipation, but continued to blush in embarrassment.

Amber whispered, "You have beautiful breasts. They're firm, with large areolas, and cute medium-size nipples that are so suckable. Let me show you."

On that note, Amber lowered her head to Margo's left breast and used her tongue to encircle the areola in a spiral leading inward to the erect nipple. As she sucked and bit gently on the nipple, Margo put her head back and moaned, "Oh, God, Amber. I can't believe I'm letting you do this to me ... with me ... and it feels sooooo good."

As Amber sucked on Margo's breasts, she also reached beside Margo and undid the button and zipper holding up her skirt. Seated the skirt remained in place, but that wasn't what Margo wanted. She hiked up her body, and pulled the skirt off past her hips, and then urged Amber to remove the clothing. After those few seconds, Margo sat in only a modest pair of women's boy short briefs -- not too sexy or exciting. As Margo's body came into view, Amber quickly shed her own clothing, ensuring that Margo watched her strip.

"Margo," Amber whispered, "Do you want me to make love to you? I want to do that, but only if you want me to." The comment seemed out of place given the nudity of the pair.

Margo hissed out, "Yes, but ... I'm afraid I'll be inadequate in some way. I've never been with a woman before, and ... well, I don't ..."

Amber kissed Margo. "Do you know what brings you pleasure? Where to put your own fingers on your own body?"

Margo looked at Amber with big eyes and slowly nodded. "I think I do." She continued her blush.

"Then just put your fingers in the same places on me, and I'll be doing the same to you too -- that's one way women make love. It's really quite simple. If you want, you can use your mouth and tongue, or even your toes." She giggled, and Margo smiled.

Margo said embarrassed, "I haven't shaved ... down there."

"I love pubic hair. It holds in all the luscious flavor and aromas of your beauty."

Amber sat up and pulled off her panties. In seconds, she was beautifully nude. In a few more seconds, she had coaxed the undies from Margo's body, watching Margo blush a deeper scarlet color as she did.

Amber slithered onto the floor in front of Margo, gently pried Margo's legs apart, and kissed up each thigh stopping just short of the thick mop of curly pubic hair. When she thought Margo might have relaxed a little from the kisses, she plunged into the mat of hair with her tongue extended and with an extended finger at the ready.

Margo moaned so loud she thought the doorman on the ground floor might have heard her. Amber's middle finger penetrated Margo's quim, and her mouth latched onto the rest of her cunt and clit with her tongue moving at Mach One.

"Oh, God. Amber ... that's amazing ... you're ... going ... to ... make ... me ... cum."

Margo's back arched up off of the sofa, higher and higher until only her feet on the floor and her shoulders against the back cushions supported her body. Her mid-section, her pussy, pushed into Amber's mouth. Margo's own hands held her breasts and pinched her own nipples in a hard gesture of self-inflicted passion.

Margo came with a long groan, and explosive pulses of pleasure in her pussy that Amber could feel around the three fingers she now had inside her new friend and lover. Amber slowed her onslaught as the orgasmic sensations washed over Margo.

Margo's eyes soon blinked open. "Amber, ... I think I love you." She gave a wan smile. "In fact, I'm sure of it. It's not just what you've done, but all I've learned about you from Mike and all."

The pair laughed, but Amber knew how feminine orgasms triggered the release of chemicals in the female body that did just that -- stimulated romantic feelings.

Margo tentatively said, "Can I bring you pleasure? Help me to know what to do." She sat up and kissed Amber with rare passion. Margo leaned in a suckled on Amber's right breast, slowly adapting her sucking to accommodate the entire large areola and the nipple. Her hand sought out Amber's pussy, stroked the heart shaped tuft of pubic hair there, and then started to slide a finger up and down the moist slit. Amber responded by flooding the area with her girl juices.

Amber kissed back with great fervor. She whispered, "Put a couple of fingers inside me. Finger me. Even more, or your whole hand. Stroke my G-spot."
