 Chapter 11 - Grand Plan. Videos. Volunteers

We'd been back from St. Croix a week when Amber had an unusual situation develop. She got a call specifically asking that she verify that she was the 'sexy little brunette' on the Sensations Escort Service website. She confirmed that she was in her cute and coy way, even teasing about whether the male caller wasn't also entranced by blondes and redheads, thinking of Kat and Edie.

The deep male voice chuckled, "No, I'm a brunette freak, plus you look like a girl I went to school with twenty years ago. I never had the courage to date her, but I had more fantasies about her than you can imagine. I said 'had' but I still have them. You are the answer to a prayer."

"Well, my name is Amber. What's yours?"

"Oh, I'm sorry. My name is Roger Moore, and I'm not or any relationship to the actor of the same name, although he was much older and I think he died not too long ago in any case. I'm fortyish, in reasonably good shape, and head my own software company as a majority shareholder. We deal in specialized software systems to support manufacturing operations. The website said you were interested in IT."

"Well, Roger, what can I do for you? And, yes, I find the whole tech area fascinating."

"I am newly single after a ten year marriage, and I have to make an important trip that I need a pseudo-wife for. I'm wondering whether you'd be interested?"

"More details, please," Amber coaxed in a playful tone.

"OK. The trip starts on April eighth, and would go until the week of May fifteenth - so about five weeks. The travel would involve one long trip hopping from initially Australia to Indonesia to Japan to China and then to Russia before returning home. I have to negotiate deals in each of those places, hopefully, and there'd be all the interpersonal rigmarole with wining, dining, and entertaining to woo the people I want as potential business partners and customers as I piece together several large deals."

"And my role would be?" Amber teased.

"My pseudo-wife. I need female companionship. I need a partner who knows how to behave in an international setting, including with people who you won't understand a word they're saying because of the language barrier."

"Will I be expected to be THE entertainment for your potential business partners?"

"Nope. If anything they will be less likely to offer ME female companionship because YOU are present and wife-like or girlfriend-like. They might still make the offer, and if you're interested we can decide on the spot whether to accept or not. I've been in those situations, and the women are usually outstanding, just as I feel you likely are."

"How do you know about me?"

"Oh, yes. I asked my friend Martin Powell. I believe you know him and just spent some time with him down in the Caribbean."

"I did. We did. I'll have to thank him properly next time I see him." She giggled at the sexual innuendo of her comment.

Amber thought, "Let me see if I can move around and shift to some of my partners the meetings and assignations I have in that timeframe. May I call you back or do you want to give me a day or so and call me again?" Amber made sure not to put any confines on her new mark. She also suggested they have a 'date' ahead of time to check out their chemistry, instead of finding they didn't have any and then had to spend five weeks putting up with each other.

Roger willingly gave her a phone number and instructions about how to ask for him personally. He said, "I love the idea of a 'date' in the near future. As it is, I can hardly wait to see you. I know you'll be just perfect. You've already exceeded my expectations."

Amber's next call was to Mike. She explained about the request.

Mike was silent for a long time, to the point that Amber felt compelled to fill the void.

Amber said, "Mike, I love you. I think of this as some kind of test or a hurdle to our moving forward, but it's a decision that we have to make together. Roger's request would have me away for about forty days. I'd make eighty-thousand dollars, and probably a sizeable tip if I act as a good companion to Roger's business dealings - something you know I'm capable of doing and being. If I'm to use sex to help his deals, he knows the price goes up. I've not done 'international' before, although I have been to London for a week." She paused and asked, "What do you want your girlfriend to do?"

Mike made some coughing noises and finally spoke, "Baby, I love you. I will miss you like crazy and I will be as jealous as all hell about this Roger Moore character. My big concern is losing touch with you and that we'll drift apart. It's bad enough with just my needing to be in Boston a lot and my crazy schedule, plus the two of us together going in different directions make it nigh on impossible to be together as I want to be ... but then this trip is only for five or six weeks.

"I've been to most of the places Roger wants to take you. From your description of your duties and role with him, besides the obvious of being his night-time companion, it sounds like you'll have some time to be a tourist and that you'll also be meeting, entertaining, and schmoozing with important business people in each of those countries. That's a very rare opportunity. 

"So, what do I want my girlfriend to do? I want her to accept the 'assignment' but please come back to me and be MY loving girlfriend, and maybe more. I also want you to tell me what you're doing and where you are? Lots of communications."

"Do you want me to be telling you the sexy stuff?" Amber ignored the implications of his comment about their relationship.

"Especially the sexy stuff," he emphasized. "I don't need more than a sentence or two about your travelogue, but I want pages - with pictures - about the sexy stuff; the who, what, why, where, when, and how. I want to know everything. I want you to make me miss you; sorry I ever let you go, and things that will make me impossibly horny. I want you to tell me true stories that will have me jerking off because the visual imagery of what you've done is irresistible and demands satisfaction of my arousal. Can you do that?"

Amber laughed, "I can try, Mr. Horndog. Maybe we can even Skype once in a while, or I can send a video I've taken, or maybe even do a live video porncast of some kind. I promise all those things, and I will miss you."

Mike said, "Good. Now call Roger back and accept. I have a month to enjoy you before you go, so I'm going to be storing up lots of memories of you and me together doing fun and sexy stuff together."

"You still picking me up for dinner and whatever?"

"Six-thirty, babe, depending on the winds the jet runs into on my way down to Florida. Bring your overnight bag. See you later at my hotel. I love you. I really love you."

Amber noted that Mike had never been so effusive in declaring his love for her until that telephone call. There was even an oblique reference to her possibly becoming his wife. Maybe there were going to be some positives in their relationship from her forty day absence from Mike's life; well, except for all the sexy things she could think of to send him or do to torment him each day.

 * * * * * * * * * *