 Chapter 5 - Deepening Relationships

Brad and Kat started to dance, and that induced Mike and Amber into the activity too. They held each other and kissed wildly, rekindling a romance that had only been a bud many months earlier.

To Amber's surprise, her interlude with Mike was interrupted when Brad turned Amber into his arms. His initial dance with her almost immediately turned into more passionate kisses. 

Amber thought, I really like Brad and don't mind this at all, but I love Mike. I want to spend more time with him. This weekend I plan to tell him how I feel. For good or bad, and realizing that her words might drive Mike away from her, she decided that somehow, she'd find a moment and tell him what she'd felt when they were last together, and how she felt now -- hopes, dreams, and all.

The drapes of Amber's white designer dress slowly parted, and exposed her demi-bra -- a piece of clothing rapidly dispensed with. Kat already stood next to Mike wearing only her sexy spike heels that made her legs look like a million dollars. Amber watched Mike lean over and suck on Kat's left breast and nipple.

The dresses and parts of tuxedos were soon draped over the back of nearby chairs. In between the removal of each item of clothing each couple continued the pretext of dancing together to the romantic music. Amber liked the excuse of dancing so she could rub her nipples across Brad's bare muscular chest. The act resulted in several things: Amber got hornier than she was, her nipples hardened to near steel nubs, and Brad's cock signaled that what she was doing excited him too.

Just when Amber figured she'd start the more serious lovemaking activities with Brad, he orchestrated a swap again. Amber happily moved to dance with Mike, both of them naked, and Mike exhibiting male excitement with a granite hard-on that pointed slightly upward from level. Amber pushed his cock against her belly as she snuggled into Mike for more kisses. She often tugged on his shaft, being sure to manipulate his glans for maximum pleasure.

Mike led Amber a few feet to one of the room's sofa, had her lie back, and then buried his face in her pussy, his tongue going wild as he lapped and sucked to bring her as much pleasure as he could. Fingers got added to the fray, and then Amber's first orgasm of the weekend overtook her. 'Overtook' is an understatement. The orgasm rocked her world: in a rare move she squirted her pleasure all over Mike's face, even flooding the sofa. The intensity of the pleasure almost caused her to black out. 

"Oh, Mike. I'm so sorry I soaked you, but ... God, come and make love to me. Put your cock inside me and love me. Love me as I love you." She hoped he heard the intensity of her words.

Amber's words were not lost on Mike, or on Kat or Brad who were also starting to make love only eight feet away on the adjacent loveseat in the room.

Mike and Amber slowly coupled in the missionary position, his long cock slowly slipping into the velvet warmth of Amber's petite and nubile body. The moans from the two of them signaled to the others the immense pleasure they both derived from the start of this act of love.

Mike whispered to Amber, "I learned a thing or two since I saw you last."

After a kiss, Amber said, "I assume you mean about making love ... and in my book you're already an expert -- a perfect ten."

Mike smiled, "Stay with me and I'll show you, and don't wear yourself out."

As the minutes ticked by the passionate couple moved to the doggie, the prone doggie, the cowgirl, the reverse cowgirl, spoon, and several other exciting positions. Each one brought Amber a new kind of sensation deep within her as Mike's tool rubbed and put magnificent pressure on different parts of her interior anatomy.

"Oh, God, Mike. Don't you ever stop? I've had at least one orgasm in every position we've tried. You're every girl's wildest orgasmic dream, and yes, you have learned a few things."

Mike smiled and pulled her face down to his so they could French kiss.

To the side, Brad and Kat had completed the first round of their lovemaking. They were nestled together with his cock still inside Kat, although slowly deflating and sliding out with the cum he'd deposited inside her.

After an hour, Amber had lost count of the orgasms. Life had become one long continuous orgasm with a man she loved, and he'd proven to her that he could go on indefinitely and never stop pleasuring her.

"I may be sore if you don't finish up inside me."

"Is that where you'd like it?"

"I want to carry your nectar as a memento of our time together. I just wish I could leak your stuff every minute of every day for the rest of my life."

Mike chortled, "Be careful what you wish for, you may get it." He lunged upward into her body, thrusting so his cock touched sensitive places deep inside Amber's body.

"That'd be so nice. I don't ever want to give you up." Amber hugged Mike.

Mike whispered, "That'd be nice. I feel the same way." Amber restrained her heart from flying around the room at Mike's comment.

Eventually, Mike did cum, filling up Amber with his seed to their mutual pleasure. Amber tried to make his conclusion as exciting and stimulating as she could, invoking every trick she'd learned to turn him on and arouse him.

The pair lay for a long while panting and enjoying the afterglow. Occasionally, one or the other would whisper something endearing to the other. 

Amber said, "You learned how to hold off on cumming so that you could bring pleasure to your partner, right?"

Mike replied, "Partly right. I was in India a few times. I learned Tantric lovemaking, but put my own spin on it. Yes, I can go a long time, but I also can have orgasms without ejaculation. I did with you several times. I also recover faster than I did before; if I haven't had sex in a while, I can do a complete recovery in only ten or fifteen minutes."

"You have become a sex god. I hope you stay in my life." Amber giggled.

"And you in mine. You have a knack for bringing out the best in me. I also have a premonition that you'd do that in lots of other areas of my life besides sex."

"You going to let me try?" Amber was half kidding and half serious, hoping he'd hear both of her emotions.

"Maybe. Probably. Yes, if you'll let me."

