 Chapter 12 – Rules of Engagement

The five young women sat at an outside table at a nice restaurant in downtown Sarasota named Maurice's: Edie, Kat, Amber, and their new friends Crystal and Melody. They were more upscale than the restaurant, and their looks and demeanor captivated the attention of everyone that walked by. Each of the girls had ordered a salad. There was some talk about the summer jobs that the latter two girls had taken: Crystal as a part-time waitress during the dinner shift at TGIFridays restaurant, and Melody as a clerk and stockgirl in Heaven – a woman's clothing boutique.

After they were served, Melody introduced the main subject for discussion. "Thanks for meeting with us. We've done a lot of thinking and studying about becoming escorts. In our online research we came across the website for Sensations Escort Service, and we recognized the three of you. Well, we recognized Kat first because we'd met last semester in class, but then we realized at the party that you Edie and you Amber were also part of the business.

"We think we know what's involved, and we'd like to work in the same business. I don't know whether you're hiring or how that would work, but we talked at the party when we figured out who you were and decided to approach you."

Kat said, "You do know what an escort does and what the other names are for what we do?"

Crystal and Melody nodded.

Crystal quietly said, "Yes. Lots of sex, and we'd basically become high-end prostitutes or call girls."

"The job is illegal. You could be arrested, get a police record, and possibly contract an STD if you weren't careful. Part of the job is glamorous, and part isn't. We're in a clinic getting tested at least once a month. We are very guarded in who we do business with, being aware of possible sting operations, and we watch what we're saying so we are never soliciting."

"You could teach us?" Melody said eagerly. "We're fast learners. We both have very high GPAs."

Amber volunteered, "You need to ratchet up your sex appeal several levels. Being college girls helps, but you need a much higher level of sophistication about yourselves: your ability to carry on deep discussions, your awareness of what's going on in the world as well as locally, how you dress, and how you speak – nothing is less of a put-off than carrying your college-speak into a date."

Kat added, "On top of that you need to be ready for just about anything of a sexual nature, and I mean ANYTHING." She laughed, "Every perversion man can think of will sooner or later present itself to you in this line of work. Think kinky. Think Fifty Shades of Grey on steroids. You have to be able to say 'No,' manage your client or clients, and not be afraid to run out the door and never look back."

Edie said, "You will most likely need to lie to your families about what you do for work. The odds of meeting any guys that will be interested in long-term relationships with you are slim to none, although each of us seems to have found one."

Crystal said, "But you make good money, right? We saw you three arrive in a little sports car."

Kat laughed, "Oh, the money makes it all worthwhile, at least for me. Yeah, it's typically one or two thousand a 'date,' and maybe four to six for a weekend away somewhere. Edie is about to leave on a five week 'assignment' where she'll bring home around eighty-thousand and maybe more."

"Holy fuck, sweet Jesus," Melody muttered.

The girls talked more and more about some of the downsides and then about some of their offsetting experiences: the private jets, the nights sitting in a private box at the opera or ballet, the businessmen they met, rubbing elbows with people in Washington and elsewhere that ran the country and the economy, and on and on. Kat went into more detail about the sex she'd both enjoyed and put up with since they'd started. Amber talked about a couple of close calls they'd had with the law, but had fortunately deflected.

Crystal said, "I love it all, and I think we can contend with the downsides you mentioned. I admit to never having done girl-on-girl sex though, but the idea doesn't repel me in the least." She glanced at Melody who was nodding in agreement and added, "Maybe we should fix that this afternoon."

Melody look surprised, but agreed, "Oh, that sounds like a nice idea."

Crystal looked at each of the established women, "How can we start?"

Amber said to Kat and Edie, "You know when I leave, there'll be some customers that need servicing. I'm sure there will be time conflicts with your schedules. We could try them out."

Kat said firmly, "I don't want employees. I want associates and colleagues just the way we are with each other."

Amber said, "If we get some photographs, we could add them to the website and see whether they generate any calls on their own too. I recall there was a lot of interest in college girls by some of the businessmen we met."

Kat turned to the pair of newbies, "I'd say you're in. I guess the right term is that we'll sponsor you and co-market with you. Occasionally, it sounds like we will recommend you to one of our marks, especially when we have a conflict of some kind. This'll be a trial to start with, and if we're compatible and this is working we'll continue. Of course, you can opt out at any time if you change your minds."

Crystal and Melody jumped up and down in their chairs. "Oh, yes. Yes. We're so excited. This is a turning point in our lives for the better."

"Just remember we warned you about all the downsides we could think of. They're very real." Kat reached over a shook Melody's hand and then Crystal's. 

The discussion shifted again to more practical matters. Edie and Amber detailed the need for about thirty or forty photographs of each girl, ranging from pin-up poses to very college-like and even reflective poses. Kat gave each girl a list of mandatory clothing they each needed, even talking about which thrift shops they could visit to find some of the items at this stage in their work when they had no money.

Edie tutored them a little on first night jitters and how to get over them. As it turned out neither Crystal nor Melody was very experienced sexually. 

