 Chapter 13 - Successful Makeover

Amber and Edie exchanged air kisses with Kir -- Mike's stepmother -- as they greeted each other at Louie Modern -- a high-end restaurant in the downtown area right in the midst of a dozen exclusive art galleries and another exclusive boutiques that they frequented. The thrift stores were long behind them in their salacious careers. The two younger women were dressed in chic business suits and wearing CFM heels. Kir was dressed more casually in shorts, sandals, and a colorful top.

After a round of updates about what everyone had been up to, ignoring their mutual professional interests, the trio ordered a round of white wine and salads.

Amber finally asked, "What's up, Kir? You said you had an odd situation come up that you wanted our help with."

Kir smiled, "Only if you want to. One of my regular clients has a son -- a young man actually, who is intensely shy, reportedly a virgin and total geek no doubt, and who needs your careful attention to bring him out of his shell and prepare him for the real world and manhood. His father is paying, but wants to start on this 'project' immediately. He suggested someone more the age of his son too, thus this luncheon."

Edie looked interested, "More details." She gestured.

Kir looked around to be sure she wouldn't be overheard, "The father is Lyle Sutherland -- the billionaire land developer in the city. The kid -- Sean - is twenty years old, already a college grad, and was supposed to start work for daddy, only he's totally inept socially and not fit to take on any role there. He's not a bad looking kid, but he does need a makeover in my opinion: a better hairstyle, contact lenses instead of the giant specs he wears, some fitness attention, and a wardrobe re-do to something other than dirty khakis and a holey t-shirt. Dad wants him in his business, but he's not presentable in the workplace, nor does he have any kind of presence or self-confidence. He was at private school and then at the university where he got an engineering degree in record time, but he's working at Radio Shack because it's fun. He's not interested in helping daddy.. The kid is a whiz, but ... needs serious socialization."

"Attitude?"

"Right now, I think he's pretty compliant. Lyle told me he wants to change but has no idea in what direction or how. So, are you interested?"

Edie and Amber both said, "Yes, plus we have two new girls we're mentoring into Sensations."

"Crystal and Melody, right?"

"Yes. What say we do a company project," Amber said, looking at Edie to see whether she agreed.

"Oh, good idea. We all work on Young Sutherland."

The group talked about how to approach Sean and get started. Contact information was exchanged both for Sean and for the father. The lunch conversation went to other interesting items, including one of Kir's more interesting clients that had a kinky thing for married escorts.

Four days later, Sean Sutherland opened his apartment door. Amber and Edie stood and assessed the young man. He was pudgy, a geek in every way, disheveled, and suddenly awkward in the presence of the cute girls.

"Hi, I'm Sean. You called, huh?"

"Yes. May we come in?"

"Sure." He moved back into his apartment. 

As the girls entered they were aghast at the squalor and mess. Sean had obviously subsisted on a diet rich in pizza, diet coke, and ice cream. About a dozen men's magazines lay strewn around the coffee and end tables near the sofa along with a small number of porno DVDs.

"Sean," Edie started, "you need our help."

"My dad sent you, huh?"

"Yep, by way of a friend. He doesn't know what to do, but we think we do. Do you want to change to be someone other than who you are?" She gestured around the room.

"I do. I just don't want to do it on my father's terms. So, you're wasting your time"

"What are those?"

"He orders me to put on a suit, to clean up this place, to lose weight, to apply my education to a better job, and to get a girlfriend."

"It's the ordering that bothers you, not the goals?"

"Right, but once he orders me, I run the opposite way from what he wants me to do. I always have, and he doesn't learn. I guess I'm wired that way. I kinda like how I am too."

"Well, he's not here issuing orders." She paused and asked, "Do you like guys or girls?"

"Fuck, not guys. I like girls, but they don't like me." He gestured to his unshaven face and body.

"You just haven't had the right motivation."

"You're going to report back to my father, right?"

"Nope. Not unless you want us to. He's paying, but all he'll ever see is you as a result, if you allow us to help you make the changes we thing you need to make. I think if we're not successful we don't get paid." 

Sean looked surprised at that remark. "You mean you don't report back what a loser I am with girls or how I won't change?"

Edie and Amber both shook their heads, "Nope. He pays. You do whatever you want. We just hope we can provide a little motivation and guidance."

"Guidance?"

"How to change, what to change, who to change to, when to change, and where and how to change?"

Sean smiled, "You forgot 'why change,' didn't you?"

Amber stepped into his comfort zone, "No, that's the motivation part of the equation. We think that'll be the easy part for us."

Sean was obviously uncomfortable with Amber so close to him. He went to back up but he was already standing against the wooden coffee table.

Amber picked up a couple of the porn DVD containers -- Cheerleader Fuck Camp and Slut Cum Lovers. She held them in front of Sean as he blushed a bright scarlet. "You like girls. How many have you fucked?"

Sean stuttered, "Errr, none of your business."

She stated, "Because you think you're a loser and because you're a virgin. Well, the major load of motivation is the loss of your virginity to Edie and me, and then a couple of other girls you'll meet along the way, but not right away. We'll give you something to think about before we return tomorrow."

Amber gestured to Edie.

Edie stood in about the only empty space on the cluttered carpet. She slowly undid the buttons on the summery top she wore, looking at Sean as each button allowed greater visual access to the redhead's upper body. When all were undone, she shed the blouse draping it over a nearby chair piled with some books and computer magazines.

Edie's bra was next to go -- a frilly and lacy little thing that didn't seem able to contain her majestic tits. She gave her upper body a little shake to get Sean's attention. He was all eyes, with his mouth hanging open.

Next to go were her sexy shorts, and then the bikini underwear. Edie stood wearing only some black high heels that helped accent her legs. She struck a number of poses. Sean was drooling and had an obvious hard-on in his dirty jeans.

Amber whispered to him, "Wouldn't you like to put your cock into that beautiful piece of ass? Wouldn't you like to eat her out, to have her blow you into outer space, or to splatter your cum all over her body? Look at those luscious tits and that succulent pussy.

"Guess what, Sean? It's all yours -- and so is mine -- as soon as you make some progress. Maybe tomorrow, if this place is neater ... and you are too, we'll let you see my hot body. I'm very fuckable, Sean. Very! Now you can go LOOK at Edie, but you can't touch. We'll save touching for when you've achieved some major milestone that pleases us."

Amber hooked a finger in the neck of Sean's rumpled t-shirt and led him over to Edie. Edie turned slowly, looking longingly and seductively at Sean as she waggled her butt at him.

Amber told him, "The faster you straighten up and fly right -- become a polished adult man, the faster you can get your cock into Edie, or me, and some of our friends we know you'll just love. You're our project Sean, but there are all sorts of sexually-based hurdles before we get to the final reward."

Edie slowly redressed, but made a point to leave her bikini undies for Sean, even taking them over to him when she was half naked, and showing him how he could inhale her essence by sniffing the damp crotch. Amber thought he would cum in his pants.

After Edie was dressed, the two women kissed Sean's cheeks, and let themselves out of the apartment. As they walked to Edie's Corvette, Amber said, "Nice touch, leaving the panties. What do you suppose he'll do with them?"

"I bet he's stroking off with them right now," Edie speculated with a grin.

 * * * * * * * * * *