 Chapter 10 - Time In Paradise

"What are you three talking about?" Mike asked as he sauntered up to the three hot girls. They were seated on chaises beside the pool, and Mike was dripping from a quick dip in the pool. In keeping with propriety because of the presence of the villa's caretaker and maid, the girls wore bikini bottoms, and Mike a Speedo.

Amber looked up at her boyfriend with a big smile, "We were just trying to figure out how to pay our parents back the money they spent on us to go to college and to help us with grad school."

Mike asked, "And the issue is?"

"Oh. Well depending on which of us you ask our parents spent around fifty- to eighty-thousand dollars getting us through college. For each of them that's a huge chunk of money. We didn't want to raise any questions about our sideline business with Sensations Escort Service, so we never said anything, but we always figured that we'd find a way to repay them with interest what they invested in us. We told them we had part time jobs doing menial jobs."

"Can't you just give them the money?"

"That's one option, but if we do it raises the question about where it all came from in one large amount. We were thinking of smaller amounts each year in some way."

Mike lit up, "I have a possible solution, but let me get Brad for a moment." He walked away to find his buddy and colleague. A moment later, the two strolled back towards the girls chatting and nodding to each other. Mike explained the situation to Brad.

"Hi, Girls. You're all looking exceptionally fine this morning." He gave a lecherous grin to each of them.

"Thank you," they all said in unison. Edie and Kat shimmied their breasts at the handsome man.

Brad said, "Mike tells me you're looking for a way to launder some cash to your parents that continues to hide your escort business. How much were you thinking of giving them a year or whatever?"

The girls looked at each other. They hadn't been that specific.

Amber said tentatively, "Maybe eight to ten thousand a year - more if possible and explainable. We've got the money, it's only a question of explaining what we give them."

Mike asked, "What was it costing you to live in your old apartment before you started the business?"

Kat picked up a pad of paper and jotted a few things down. She turned to the guys, "Well, rent on that dump was twelve hundred a month split three ways. We pooled money for food, and that was about the same. You know we didn't have cars, but we spent a couple of hundred for taxis, about fifty each for our cellphones. So for each of us it probably worked out to be around a thousand or more a month."

"Are you clear with the IRS?"

"Oh, yes. We paid all the right stuff. We even had an accountant look over our approach to all that bureaucratic stuff. He files our taxes for us. We are properly registered with the city and everything too."

"Good, because that makes it easier. Mike's idea, and I approve, is that we hire you as outside consultants to Wonderland Industries International at a rate of a thousand a day. We'll write you a contract and all to show your engagement as consultants and management advisors, and beyond that you decide what you do with the funds."

Edie asked, "What would we be doing for you?"

Brad asked with a smirk, "That you haven't already done?" He roared with laughter, and the others did too. The implication about the wild sex Mike and Brad had now enjoyed with each of them was quite clear.

Mike responded with tears in his eyes from laughing, "Edie, you officially help and advise us on our website and Internet presence, including electronic security. Kat helps with our marketing and customer relations. Amber would work with our technology group on systems strategy and strategic technology architecture. How's that sound?"

Amber said, "Great! So we could send a thousand a month to our parents, tell them it came from our consulting revenues, and that we still have enough to live on, pretty high on the hog?"

Both men nodded. "Think about it. If you were to bill a hundred percent of your time over a year, for two-hundred-twenty days, allowing for a couple of weeks vacation, you'd be pulling in close to $250,000 for the year. That's damn good starting pay for freshly minted MBAs, but not out of the realm of possibility. Further the expectation is that you really wouldn't get to that percentage out of the starting block or unless you came from a brand name university like MIT, Harvard, Wharton, etcetera."

The girls looked at each other a smiled. Kat asked, "What do we have to do?"

"Each of you writes us a serious proposal to work in those three areas as Mike mentioned. Mike or I will handle it from there. Who knows, we just might actually use your services in that capacity. In the meanwhile, let's enjoy the rest of our vacation."

Martin sauntered up to the group. "Good morning all. I had a thought last night I wanted to run by you. I briefly talked to Edie about it before we went to sleep."

The girls, Mike, and Brad nodded and urge Martin to speak further.

Martin said, "I have a friend named Jerry, and I wondered whether it would be all right to bring him down for the remainder of our week with the girls. Edie and Kat know him and can vouch for him."

Edie smiled and then held up her two breasts towards the cluster of men. She said, "Jerry loves tits. He's the only man, so far, who can give me an orgasm from tit play. Of course, he's acceptable with other sexual skills too. He's also beyond handsome; he'll leave your heart palpitating as he walks by. We'll all be in love with him by week's end. He's very cordial, and will fit in well with everyone here - men and women. He's Martin's partner at work, and is no slouch in the business arena."

Kat said, "Hey, maybe we can get a consulting agreement with him."

Martin looked confused and Mike whispered to him, "I'll explain to you in a minute what that means."

