 Chapter 14 - Amber's Trip

A sleek black limousine picked up Amber at her apartment the morning of April eighth. The destination was the local airfield where she boarded a private jet. Her luggage was loaded aboard. She was meeting Roger Moore, her benefactor, pseudo-boyfriend for the next forty days, and her 'date', in St. Louis where he'd board and continue the trip with her. The hop to Kansas City didn't even take two hours.

Roger hustled aboard while the refueling truck topped off the sleek jet, the crew changed, and his luggage was tucked into the plane. Edie watched her 'date' and evaluated the man: strikingly handsome, early-forties, dark wavy hair, clean-shaven, broad shoulders, and an expensive suit and shoes - Ferragamos? He looked suave, confident, and in control. 

Amber reminded herself that he was in control of her for the next forty days. While they'd had one hurried date to ensure they were compatible, being together for this length of time was sure to be a test of her mettle to lend herself to another man.

Amber reminded herself that this was also a test of her relationship with Mike. He'd only recently escalated their relationship to fully qualify as boyfriend or girlfriend to each other, with as he'd put it, 'unlimited long-term potential'. She was in a crazy committed relationship, yet going off with another man for five or six weeks and getting paid handsomely for it. She was determined to earn every cent of the money using every skill she had.

Amber had worried and talked things over with Mike. He'd finally told her to go, have fun, shine in every dimension of her personality, and come home to him. He quoted Richard Bach,  'If you love someone set them free. If they come back to you, they're yours. If they don't, they never were.'  They'd talked about the impact of a five-week vacation from each other, specifically on their burgeoning relationship.

Amber had made Mike promise to avail himself of other female companionship, including her mates that now included Crystal and Melody. She told him to play the field. Kat had even volunteered to simultaneously do Brad and Mike. She made it sound like an onerous duty, when in fact she loved to be shared by the two men as history had proven many times.

Mike had shrugged to indicate his uncertainty in any of those options. He did, however, ask Amber to send him dirty emails, sound clips, and videos of what she was doing with Roger Moore or anybody else she 'entertained.' In her flight bag was her Apple laptop computer, plus the myriad connecting cables and chargers to two remote cameras and a remote sound pickup.

Amber had decided to explain the situation to Roger, hoping that he would be willing to allow her to cater to Mike's kinky request. She didn't want to be sneaking around doing recording or videoing. The trip to Australia had to be the time for the talk, and she'd rehearsed her opening words many times in the week previous to boarding the private jet.

As the plane reached altitude on the way to San Diego where they'd refuel for the trans-Pacific leg of the trip, Amber moved to stand behind Roger as he read. He'd doffed his suit jacket, starched white shirt, and tie for a golf shirt, but still wore the pinstriped pants and designer shoes. She massaged his shoulders.

Roger chuckled and looked up over his shoulder at her. "You want something, right?"

Amber nodded and kissed the top of his head. "Yes. How did you know?"

"I've been married. There are signals, plus a shoulder rub is like an announcement."

"I mentioned that I have a kind of boyfriend when we were together."

"You did. Are you regretting going on this trip already?"

"Oh, no! But, he asked if I would do some sound recordings or videos of us fucking or whatever and send them to him. I'm hoping that you'll agree to let me do that. It's only for him, and well, maybe me too. I'd like to see what I look like, especially when I'm riding you with my breasts flopping around. Even better, I'd like to see what your cock looks like as it spears into my hot little pussy over and over and brings us both orgasms and me a cream pie that just oozes out for the camera."

Roger thought a moment. "I think we can accommodate your friend's request." He laughed, "Oh, yes. We'll find many ways to tease your friend."

Amber liked Roger's reply, and her diabolical mind started to think about the many ploys she could use on Mike. She said, "How would you like to start right now with a few photographs?" She reached into the pocket of her skirt and pulled out her cell phone. She observed with a laugh, "A picture showing we're off to a good start on our trip in your plane wouldn't be out of place - a kind of bon voyage memory."

Roger asked, "Just how daring do you want to be?"

Amber grinned, "Oh, very daring. I have an idea if your pilots won't mind a nude female in the cockpit. Oooooh, I just realized what a great word that is - cockpit. You have the 'cock' and I have the 'pit.' How nice. Have you ever joined the Mile High Club?"

A half-hour later, Mike Winslow's cellphone buzzed with a text as he walked through the executive suite of his Boston-based company. Brad walked a few paces in front of Mike heading to the same meeting. Mike glanced at the screen that indicated a message with the title 'Very private aircraft. I may get my pilot's license.'

Mike paused and punched at his phone to see the accompanying text from Amber. Up on the screen came a photograph of his girlfriend. She was naked and posed in a way to show off her sweet pussy to the camera. She was in the copilot's seat of a corporate jet, surrounded by the dials, gauges, switches, radios, and other elements that controlled the plane. She had one hand on the yoke in front of her, a radio headset on her head, and smiled up at the camera; her other hand also hefted one breast towards the camera so that the areola and tit were more obvious.

Mike moaned.

Brad paused and came back to where Mike had stopped, "What's wrong?"

Mike passed him the phone with the picture on display. Brad studied the photo and observed, "At least there's no indication that her pussy has been used ... so far." He then laughed at his taunt. He said, "Hey, she loves you. Look at all those X's and O's that she put at the bottom of the message."

Mike lamented, "This is going to be a long trip. Fuck, I've got five weeks to go."

Brad teased and yanked on his friend's arm, "Come on. We're late. You can jerk off to the picture later. She does have a nice pussy. I wonder if the pilot and copilot got some of that too." Mike could barely stand the teasing.

About a day later, Mike got another text message. This one with a fifteen second video clip attached. It was a close-up: a woman's hand slowly masturbating a long and thick cock. The hand was Amber's; Mike recognized her fingers, a ring, and a bracelet she still wore. He assumed the cock belonged to Roger, her 'date' for the next five weeks. He could see her bare hip in the photo, and Roger was apparently naked as well. He sighed. This was going to be torture.

Mike replied with some humorous sarcasm,  "Nice photography. Good action video. XOXOX Mike."  According to her itinerary, she should be in a hotel in Sydney.

He had a vision of her naked body being plundered by the satisfying cock.

Late morning on Sunday as Mike walked off the sixteenth green at the local golf course he played on, his phone vibrated in his pocket. He rolled his eyes, but pulled it out as he got into his golf cart. The text title was  "A man with good taste!" 

The accompanying photograph when he opened it showed the lower part of Amber's face that had been splattered with ropes of cum from the cock she was licking with her pink tongue. The head of the cock looked angry, purple, and yet satisfied; flecks of while cum still showed on the dragon's head. The sides were slick with Amber's pussy juice.

Monday morning another photograph arrived; this one entitled,  "Good real estate for a restaurant?"  The photograph was of Amber's hot pussy between her widespread legs, complete with her little landing strip and labia swollen in arousal and interest in something more substantial happening. A man's tongue was fully extended and obviously enjoying the licks and sucks he made on the sweet pussy in front of him. She was being eaten by Roger in some hotel room on the other side of the world.''

Mike muttered to himself, "I think I'll die before five weeks are up."

Monday evening as he got back to his condominium, a new text arrived with the first line reading,  'Do you have a favorite number? I do.'  In the short video that was attached, Mike watched Amber walking away from the camera to the bed; she was naked. She mounted Roger in reverse cowgirl but backed up so the pair could get into a '69'. Mike could see her inhale Roger's cock, even taking in his entire shaft in one gulp. He heard Roger moan as Amber started loud slurping noises. The video ended shortly after that start of events.

