 Chapter 6 - Meeting The Parents

Amber stood next to the limousine with her suitcase and the chauffeur as the large private jet taxied to a stop and the engines spooled down. The door opened and the young first officer of the plane came down and walked over to the gate.

"You must be Miss Amber Taylor? Mr. Winslow sent us to fetch you back to Boston for the weekend. Please come with me; let me take your suitcase." The co-pilot nodded to the chauffeur who had picked up and driven Amber to the general aviation airport.

Amber followed with few words, climbing the steps to the private plane feeling like a make-believe princess.

The co-pilot folded up the door behind them, nodded to the pilot who'd not left his seat, and then came back to Amber. "We'll be taking off directly; the boss told us not to waste a second in getting you to him. Please keep your seat belt fastened at all times, the bathroom is there, there's a small galley and I stocked some sandwiches and drinks for you that you can choose from after we're up near altitude. Your seat cushion can be a flotation device, and the only way out is how you came in or by pulling the window over the wing apart as you see by those instructions. If the oxygen masks drop, put it on quickly. That's the preflight. We're off in seconds. I'll be back." He disappeared into the cockpit.

Amber didn't even have a chance to say anything. She watched up the narrow aisle of the plane as the co-pilot took his seat and ran through some kind of checklist with the pilot while they were taxiing. The engines got louder, the plane moved and turned, and then they took off.

Amber was glued to the window. She'd flown before but never in such a posh, private, and cushy plane, and here she was the only passenger in a luxury jet as two competent pilots whisked her from Florida to Massachusetts to spend the weekend with Mike.

At one point the co-pilot came back, presented Amber with a flute of champagne and some tea sandwiches. He explained a little more about the flight, and then left her to return to the cockpit.

The sleek plane gracefully swept into a landing at Hanscom Airfield in Bedford outside of Boston a little over two-and-a-half hours later. 

A stretch limousine pulled alongside the plane just as Amber started down the stairway. The door opened and Mike got out with a smile from one ear to the other.

He wrapped Amber in his arms and kissed her with a lot of passion, lust, and love. "I'm so glad you're here. I want to show you my life up here, and then we're going to have some fun roaming around town."

The limo whisked the pair into the downtown area, stopping in front of a gorgeous condominium building, complete with doorman, concierge, security men, and marble floors and walls that could put the romans to shame. Amber was suitably awed.

A mirrored elevator took the couple to the top floor where Mike had the penthouse. There was no front door; the elevator doors opened right onto a spacious living room that looked out over a few other skyscrapers and Boston harbor. In the distance, Amber could see Logan airport and the planes landing and taking off.

"This is spectacular," Amber praised, as she turned into Mike's loving arms. "I can see that you put your bonus money to good use. The place has 'Wow' written all over it."

"Anytime you want to be here, just come. Bring your friends too if you want. I want you to consider this yours."

Amber pulled Mike to one of the sofas that overlooked the impressive view. "Come and sit. I need to tell you something."

Mike sat and looked with concern at Amber.

Amber waved her arm around at the opulence in the penthouse, "Mike, I was raised in a very modest family -- poor actually. So, all this is ... a bit overwhelming. I don't want you to think I'm after you for your money or anything. The last time I saw you I told you not to pay me, but then you left me another envelope. I really don't want your money; I'm not a gold digger or even close. I just don't know what ... how ..."

Mike interrupted, "I have to admit a few things to you that embarrass me now, but they were something that I needed to do for my own peace of mind. I had you and your parents checked out -- investigated, if you will; your roommates too."

Amber just nodded for him to continue.

"I know your socio-economic status, but I also know you were raised by parents who are exceptionally honest and trustworthy. Despite their limited wealth, they are generous to a fault, and I know they raised you to be the same. I know you were an 'A' student, got several scholarships to help with your college, and I know that you put an honest effort forward to report every penny you earn on your taxes, including your 'consulting' revenues. The friends you make are serious long-term relationships, and they're people who love you. You truly were a virgin until you allowed me to have the privilege of being your first, but since then you've been a busy beaver, going out on about three 'dates' a week as your escort business grew. Lastly, I know you have about three-hundred-thousand after-tax dollars invested over the past two years, and that you paid cash for your little Porsche -- a wise choice for a sporty car, I think."

Amber laughed as Mike's audacity. "And what kind of toothpaste do I use?"

"You share a Crest toothpaste tube with Edie and Kat."

Amber blanched. "How the hell did your investigator find that out?"

Mike roared with laughter. "He didn't. I guessed. You, Edie, and Kat are so tight, and Crest is the number one toothpaste brand in the country." He kept laughing until tears came to his eyes.

Amber punched Mike in the shoulder in a soft and loving way. She said, "So, what did you conclude about me. Too poor to be a girlfriend or a serious contender for the greater role of hot wife and MILF?" As much as her voice sounded humorous, inside Amber felt shaky in asking the question. She hoped she still qualified. Her voice almost cracked.

Mike pulled her to him, "Amber, I love you. I don't care about your wealth, but I do care about people being whom they seem. I've had a couple of bad experiences in the past -- in my first marriage and in the business side of my life, so I've recently taken to automatically checking people out. Call me paranoid if you want."

Amber thought for a moment. "I'm glad you did that in a way. I don't want to suddenly present you with some unpleasant surprise that would make you drop me like a hot potato."

"I wouldn't do that until we at least had a chance to try to work through whatever issue there was." Mike paused and then held both of Amber's hands in his, "Amber, I love you. I'm not going to suddenly kick you to the curb. That's not the way I am. I can be tough in business, but I'm hoping you'll find me a pushover in my relationship with you." He kissed her very tenderly.

The kiss smoldered, and soon they each made small tentative explorations of the other's lips with their tongues. As their kisses deepened, and oral fluids were more openly swapped, their hands came into play: Mike's hands brushed and cupped Amber's lush breasts; Amber's hands rubbed Mike's crotch, even holding his hardening cock through the material of his slacks.

Amber hissed, "Oh, God, Mike, I want you more than anything in the world right now."

Mike's hands found the zipper on the back of her dress. As the dress fell down Amber's arms to her hips, he realized she'd become almost naked. As she raised her hips so he could pull the dress completely from her body, he found she'd also gone commando.

"Amber, you are the sexiest girlfriend a guy could ever want." Their lips smashed together again, this time with most lust and passion.

When Amber had Mike's pants unbuckled and unzipped, she pulled his cock from his pants into the cool air. She leaned over and blew lightly on the shaft, feeling the blood surge into the rod. Mike moaned.

He moaned even harder, as Amber's mouth surrounded the large mushroomed cap, and then part of the shaft, and lastly the entire shaft until her nose pushed against his pubes. Amber turned her head back and forth while using her tongue to caress the underside of the cock, even licking his balls. When she slowly pulled off, she had a streamer of saliva and pre-cum stretching from Mike's cockhead to her mouth -- a long sexy mix that shimmered and shook in the dying light until Amber captured the viscous fluid and made a show of swallowing.

"You are the hottest thing on the planet."

"But you have so much to teach me about how to turn you on and how to love you. Now, get undressed." Amber stood in her heels and struck a series of ultra sexy poses for her boyfriend, each one designed to make him harder than steel and highly desirous of her body.

Mike stood and shed his shirt, shoes, and pants in record time. As Amber yanked his briefs down his legs Mike's cock snapped to attention and nearly slapped her in the face. Amber grinned up at Mike as she grabbed the shaft, and then swallowed him, creating a loving pocket of stimulation for him deep in her mouth and throat.

Mike groaned, "I won't ask you now how you learned to do that, but sometime I would like to hear the full story."

Even with her mouth stuffed full of cock Amber emitted a humorous laugh. Seconds later, she pulled off of Mike, pushed him down on the plush sofa, and mounted his wet shaft.

"I can't wait. I've waited two whole weeks for you to be back inside me, now fuck me."

Mike smiled at her, "I love this too, but how many other cocks did you have in your pussy in that time?" Mike jacked his cock up into Amber's cunt almost to show her that the idea excited him.

Amber coyly said, "Six. A twenty-eight year old athlete, who was really hung, and could fuck like a rabbit. When he came he filled the condom so full I thought it would burst when I saw what he'd done - twice. Never knew much more about him."

Mike choked out, "And the next?"

"Oh, he was a sixty year old man -- very distinguished. I think he was a judge. He let me do anything I wanted to him, so I dragged out our fuck. I figured he'd only be good for one ejaculation, so I'd bring him near to that and then back him off. After about ten times, he would have done anything for me. I let him blast his cum inside me in the condom, but to my surprise he was able to go around again only ten minutes later."

"Next?"

"Oh, that was a computer geek. He figured he'd never have a girlfriend and he wanted to get the very best, so he got me. I think he might have been a virgin too because the first time he penetrated me he came immediately and it was a surprise to him. He lasted all night. Fun date."

"The fourth was a chubby guy who had a very kind manner. He was very polite and asked if each little thing he did was all right -- very solicitous. I became his dom that evening, spanking him, having him lick my toes, and then eating his cum from my belly and tits where he sprayed me. He loved being my sub and calling me Mistress. Turns out he was married but his wife wouldn't play those games with him."

"Next?"

"Let's see, that would have been the married surfer dude who wanted to do anal with someone. I was the lucky lady. After he'd done some pretty normal stuff, I had him lube me up and stuff his cock into my ass. He thought that was the greatest thing in the world. He dumped two loads up there that evening, and swore he was going to get his wife to love anal sex."

"And your last?"

"That was a double date with Edie. We went to a play with two men and two other couples. Back at one of their homes, the eight of us had a little orgy with lots of swapping and fucking. Edie and I ate out the two wives that came, and they loved us too."

"How much did you make you little slut?"

Amber laughed, knowing that Mike was teasing, "Fourteen thousand, but I had to pay out a little over two thousand in marketing expenses to a limo driver and a concierge who had recommended me to their customers."

"I never thought to ask how you got business -- very clever."

"We find friendly limo drivers, hotel concierges or bellmen, and then we have an Internet site and a Facebook page with a few flattering snapshots. We're easy to contact, but only one out of ten or twenty calls turns into a paying customer. Many are scared away by our high-end prices, but we think that spells quality and safety."

"Safety?"

"Yeah, we have a handsome guy that's a physician's assistant who we give free blowjobs to in exchange for weekly health checks. Our customers love it, and to tell the truth so do we. It's nice to know we're staying clean."

"Do you turn down work?"

"From time to time, particularly if the date looks threatening, rough, or smells of the vice squad. In the first couple of cases we'll jack our prices way up -- ten thousand plus evenings. If we smell a cop we make it clear the evening will be sexless and that we are not that kind of escort, but that only happened once with Edie. We still aren't sure whether the guy was a cop, but he never came back."

"What would you do if you got caught?"

"We've done a few lawyers in the area. I guess we'd call our favorite and see if he would be willing to help us for a freebie or something. Since we've stayed out of court I think we'd be given probation and not get any jail time."

Mike pumped his cock harder into Amber, even rolling her over so he was on top and could look down on his conquest. Soon, he sped up until his hips were a blur for all but a high-speed camera, and then he froze in position, arched his back, opened his mouth in a silent scream, and jetted two weeks of pent up cum into Amber's pussy as she had her first orgasm of the evening.

