 Chapter 8 - Having Arrived

"Kaaaaat, the limo's here," Amber yelled across the apartment Friday afternoon.

"I'm ready." Kat appeared dragging a roller suitcase. She wore chic strappy heels, a fashion mini-skirt, a wrap-around silk blouse that displayed a lot of cleavage, a bright scarf, her hair in a twist, and just the right amount of makeup so that she looked like one of the most sophisticated and upscale women in the city.

Amber and Kat took the elevator down to the foyer, and walked out to the long black limousine. They were immediately swatted with the late summer heat of the tropical city. The rising cumulus clouds raised the usual potential for a late afternoon thunderstorm.

The uniformed limousine driver greeted them as he took control of their suitcases: "Miss Taylor and Miss Emerson, what a pleasure to have you both with us. Just let me put these in the trunk and I'll be right with you for the door."

A few seconds later, the driver opened the door, and Kat started to enter.

"BRAD!"

Amber followed, "Brad, what are you doing here?"

As the girls sat on either side of the handsome man, he explained, "I was in Miami on business until noon. The jet was heading north, right to where my car is parked, so I'm just making a little stop to pick up the two most lovely women in the world and carry them home with me."

The women both kissed Brad by way of a further greeting. Neither felt uncomfortable when he put an arm around each of them and pulled them close to him for a further smooch.

On the drive to the airport, the trio caught up on each other's news since they'd last seen him. Of course, he was Kat's weekend date, but together with Mike and Amber they'd swapped partners back and forth on more than one occasion -- this weekend promised to be another.

At the airport, the limo pulled through a security gate to end up parked right next to a sleek Gulfstream 650. In seconds, luggage was loaded aboard along with the three passengers, the limo drove away, the door shut, and the plane started and then taxied to the runway.

Amber spoke with awe quite evident in her voice, "This is so exciting -- my fourth trip in this jet, and then all the trips in the older one. I'll never be able to travel by commercial airlines after this."

Brad laughed, "I know what you mean. Until a year ago when we leased this baby, and contracted with the pilots, I always dreaded my travel. This is especially nice on the trips to Europe because of the bed."

"Bed?" Amber and Kat sounded in unison.

"Yes, behind that bulkhead wall, there's a queen-size bed." Brad grinned, "Want to try it out and join the Mile High Club?"

Kat and Amber looked at each other, broke into smiles, and Kat said, "Hell, yes, Lover."

Amber cautiously said, "Do you suppose Mike will mind if I join in?" Amber kicked herself around mentally for not exploring around the cabin of the aircraft a few trips earlier when she rode the plane for the first few times. She'd never known there was another room in the cabin.

Brad pulled his cellphone from his pocket, "Let's ask him." He punched a few buttons on the phone and then listened for a response.

As Kat and Amber listened to one side of the conversation, they heard Brad say, "Mike. Hi. I'm in the plane with Kat and Amber." "Yes, we just left, so probably about a quarter-of-six on the ground." "No, problem, and Miami went great; we can buy them for a hundred million." "I will." "No." "Hey, I called to ask you an important question, much more important than spending our company's money." "I'll let Amber ask actually because it's really her question." He thrust the phone across the aisle to Amber. 

Kat and Brad listened as Amber spoke timidly to her boyfriend, "Hi, Mike." "Fine, and I love this airplane. I don't want to travel any other way now." "Oh, my question ... well, Brad offered to ... errr, ... entertain Kat and me in a bedroom at the back of the plane, and I was worried you'd not want me ..." "I can?" "Sure." "Really, that won't upset you?"

Amber looked up at Brad and Kat as she continued her conversation, those in the plane only hearing her side of things. "Drippy? You like drippy?" "OK, that's what you'll get, and I guess we have a couple of hours, so that should be plenty of time." "He will?" "Of course, I'll let him ... I like him, but he's Kat's 'date.'" "Oh, I will." "Kat told me we're all getting together tonight, so ..." "Yes, you can fuck her too."

Kat grinned and nodded at Amber's supposition.

"No, we won't wear him out." "He looks eager to start actually." "OK, we will." "Well, bye for now, and Mike, I love you."

Amber ended the call and passed the phone back to Brad. He raised his eyebrows at her. She said, "I'm supposed to be 'drippy' with your cum when I see him. He told me he wants to eat it out of my pussy."

Brad grinned, "Good. I like a man who's not afraid of body fluids. It's manly and makes a foursome so much more enjoyable when those avenues of creativity are open to all."

Brad unbuckled and stood, slightly hunched over in the small aisle. He held his hands out to the two women. "Join me?"

Kat and Amber stood, and followed Brad through a nearly invisible door in the bulkhead. Behind it lay a small bedroom, and another door to a smaller head that even included a small shower. The bedroom was tastefully decorated, and shades on the windows could obviously be drawn to ensure complete darkness. The bed was nicely made, and each side had been turned down in invitation to potential guests. A flower decorated each pillow.

Amber gasped, "Wow. How'd I miss this on my earlier trips?"

Brad said, "If you don't know to look, you just take it for granted that it's cargo space, and also use the bathroom up front behind the cockpit. I've had passengers on the plane that to this day don't know this is back here."

Kat sidled up to Brad, "Enough of this talk about airplanes. Let's go back and talk about those two nasty words you used."

"Nasty words?" Brad breathed out with a puzzled expression.

Kat replied, "Yes. Cock and pit. You have the cock and I have the pit -- and so does Amber. We both want to fuck you, and remember, Amber has to end up drippy."

Clothes started to come off at a rapid rate. Soon, Amber and Kat stood naked except for black thigh-high stockings with beautiful lace tops. As Brad's briefs hit the floor, his cock sprung into view, obviously ready for action.

Amber and Kat sandwiched the sandy-haired man between them, rubbing their breasts all around his upper torso. Brad's hands could not grab at the tits, ass, and cunts at his disposal fast enough to please his Inner Stud.

"God, you two are so sexy. I hope you stay in my life forever."

Kat snickered, "That could be arranged, you know." Despite her humor, Amber knew that Kat really wanted some kind of long-term relationship with Brad -- like marriage.

Amber said, "I think I'll be seeing a lot of you now that I'm Mike's official girlfriend."

Kat jammed her tongue into Brad's mouth, and the pair fell sideways onto the bed. Amber followed the pair. Taking advantage of the fact that they were making out, Amber grabbed Brad's rising cock, jerked him around a few times, and then sank her mouth over the engorged cockhead, taking all he had to offer.

Brad moaned.

Amber found Kat next to her with a grin on her face. "Let's do him double," she said in a devilish tone.

Amber and Kat coordinated their fellatio, syncing their mouths as they rubbed up and down the long hard shaft of cock, each taking turns to cup the mushroomed cap in their lips. Brad's ball sack wasn't at all ignored in the love fest.

After a few minutes of this, Amber said, "I need some relief; mind if I sit on your boyfriend's face?"

Kat shook her head that she didn't mind, the act somewhat humorous in that she had Brad's cockhead in her mouth, and to Amber it looked a bit like a dog shaking a favorite toy.

Amber slithered up Brad's body, raking her tongue around his nipples, his neck, into his ears, but then she kept going. She turned around so she could watch Kat, and straddled Brad's head as he reclined.

No fool, Brad instantly drove his tongue up and into Amber's sweet pussy. In his first foray, he sucked in the visible juices that Amber's horniness had generated, and in the process raked his tongue across her clit several times. Amber moaned in immense pleasure at the intense feelings he generated deep inside her.

When Amber opened her eyes, she watched Kat repositioning herself over Brad's cock, holding the engorged shaft as she rubbed her own clit and then slowly sank down until the entire rod had disappeared deep into her body. Knowing Kat as she did, she watched her intimate friend have a small orgasm.

Amber reached out and pulled Kat's hands to her breasts. "Feel me. You know how I like to be pinched and pulled. Do me while he fucks you. Help make me cum."

Kat leaned in and kissed Amber, driving her tongue into her mouth. Amber knew it was a gesture of love as well as passion. She marveled at the power of tongues -- Kat's to stimulate her mouth and mind, and Brad's to titillate her pussy and clit. 

On that thought, Amber came. She gushed out some girl juice; not a lot, but just enough to let Brad know he'd been more than successful in delivering pleasure to her. When he allowed her to recover, she dismounted and moved so she could kiss him, and lap up some of her own fluids from his face and neck -- fluids that Kat was already trying to collect with her tongue.

Amber moved behind Kat and pulled Brad's cock from her pussy. She sucked on the shaft, appreciating the rich feminine taste of Kat. After a minute, Amber helped guide the cock back into Kat's pussy, pushing Kat down hard so the whole shaft disappeared in record time.

A couple of minutes later, Kat said, "Amber, you fuck him for a while. You need some cock too otherwise you won't be in the Mile High Club."

Amber and Kat changed places, Amber gladly impaling herself on Brad's thick rod. She immediately squirmed around a little, finding as she did that she could drag the head of his cock across her G-spot if she positioned him just right. She rubbed and writhed around, until the elusive orgasm finally swept passed her.

Amber groaned and fell into Kat's arms. Kat was just coming down off her own orgasm on Brad's tongue.

Brad said, "Let me get on top of one of you for a while. I feel like pile driving into someone."

Amber gestured that that 'someone' would be Kat. Kat laid back and spread her legs at the edge of the bed so Brad could stand and pump his shaft in and out of her body to their mutual delight.

Kat caught Amber's eye and motioned to Amber's pussy and her own mouth. Amber understood, so she straddled Kat's head and allowed Kat to eat her out. While Amber succumbed to that pleasure, feeling another orgasm drawing near, Brad leaned forward so he could French kiss the petite woman.

The feelings and positions were short-lived for the trio. Brad could feel the impending orgasm, and decided not to postpone his pleasure since he'd already delivered equal pleasure to each girl. He warned of his imminent cum, and that just triggered Kat to squirm in just the right way so she triggered her own climax. She made sure to deliver the same pleasure to Amber. Minutes later, a rare event for a threesome occurred -- simultaneous orgasms.

After the surges of cum were finished, and after the glows from the women's climaxes had passed, Brad extracted himself. Amber was right there to clean off his shaft. She was also right there to lap and suck at the gush of cum from Kat's pussy. Brad tasted salty, musky, and all male, and mixed with Kat's juices the taste was like the finest caviar.

When Amber had a good mouthful of the cum and girl juice, she got a devilish look on her face. She pulled Brad to her, and French kissed him, pushing some of the liquid into his mouth. She expected him to revolt, but instead he seemed to savor the kiss and the shared experience of the body fluids.

As they parted, Brad said, "Haven't done that for a while. Not bad. I've now tasted all three of us, and at an altitude sufficient to declare that we have all successfully joined the Mile High Club."

Brad proved to be good for a second round, but that one took a while. Thus, they were well into the plane's descent when he blasted his second load into Amber's velvet sheath. Kat went to eat her out, but Amber explained that she'd promised Mike she'd bring him a present from the trip. With smiles, they cleaned up -- a little, got dressed, and were seated just as the plane started its final approach into Hanscom Field in Bedford, Massachusetts.

