 Chapter 15 - Amber's Trip, Paris, and Back Home

Mike's phone buzzed as he sat at his desk. It had a simple text message,  "Download file from ur cloud mailbox. XOXOX Amber".  He figured out that it must be around four in the morning where Amber was. She was up late to be sending him something; he reminded himself of the eleven or twelve hour time difference between them. His body trembled as he wondered what it might be. He prayed it would have rich sexual content.

It took a few minutes for the large video file to download to his iPhone; this was a long video unlike a few of the earlier clips or photographs. When it was through the video started to automatically play on the small screen. If it was good, he could play it through to the large flat screen television in his bedroom or living room. He muttered under his breath as the main characters in the vid and what they were doing came into view, "Oh, fuck!"

Amber and two gorgeous Indonesian women were in a daisy chain or triangle eating each other's pussies. Great moaning and encouragement was being voiced. The words were erotic and thrilling: 'eat me,' 'put that tongue inside me,' 'suck on my clit,' 'pinch my nipples,' 'put your fingers in deeper,' 'oh God yes, fist me,' and on and on – tongues and fingers, mouths and pussies. The girls would have crawled inside one another if that were physically possible.

The two new girls were pretty: long black hair that hung to their cute asses, narrow hips, modestly large tits that appeared natural and not enhanced, and pleasing faces. They smiled and laughed with glee at the antics the three women shared.

In the thick of it was Amber – the girl that Mike realized he was in love with. Oh, he'd said the words to her, but suddenly as he watched her having sapphic sex, he knew viscerally that she was the woman for him for all time. Amber clearly liked the two local girls even when they 'ganged up' on her to ensure a colossal orgasm from multiple fingers, tongues, and mouths on her in some way.

Roger must have been taking the video, because he moved around the girls on the large bed getting different viewpoints, and every one of them was highly pornographic and sexy. A close-up showed fingers moving rapidly in a pussy until the pussy's owner squirted girl juice all over the giver of pleasure. Moans and groans followed as the orgasm ripped through. Amber's white skin stood out in stark contrast to the light brown skin of her playmates.

The camera became fixed looking at the bed probably propped up on a nightstand or mini-tripod, and Roger appeared, naked and erect. He started to fuck one of the new girls as she encouraged him with some really slutty vocabulary. Amber and the other girl slipped into a '69' with ease.

The video ended abruptly after twelve minutes before there was any kind of completion. The scenes had merely been an excerpt of a few minutes in the middle of a longer group sex romp between Roger, Amber, and the two local girls. Mike wondered who the two girls were – prostitutes? escorts? wives of people Roger had worked with? He'd heard a great deal about the availability of pretty women in that part of the world, and even of wife sharing in far greater frequency than in America.

The next morning when Mike arose, there was another video. This one, he guessed, was videoed by one of the Indonesian women. In it, Roger was pounding into Amber's small body as she urged him on and on. The close-ups of his cock sliding in and out of her body were breathtaking. Amber switched positions so she was riding Roger. One of the other women came and sat on his face, obviously dripping cum from an earlier climax inside her from the American man.

On Saturday, Roger and Amber flew in his corporate jet from Jakarta to Tokyo. A successful series of meetings during the week there left Roger ecstatic about how the trip was going. After that and another long flight the couple spent a week in Beijing and another in Szechuan. Amber allowed herself to be drawn into some of the meetings with the Chinese executives, especially since several of them were women.

The couple left Asia, and the small corporate jet made the nine-hour flight from Beijing to Moscow, landing at Sheremetyevo International Airport. Both Amber and Roger had slept on the flight, and timed their arrival for early in the morning so Roger could get a day of business in before bed time. Amber joined in the business meetings again, feeling greater confidence than ever, especially since she'd read more and picked up more from Roger about the various features and capabilities of the enterprise software systems his company developed, sold, and maintained for customers around the world.

As they completed their meetings mid-day on Thursday, Roger asked her, "Do you want to go straight home or take a few days in some European city and play tourist?"

"Paris," Amber replied without a second's hesitation. "Two days in Paris, please," her voice bristled with enthusiasm. "Can we? I've never been there."

Roger smiled. Without the distraction of the business meetings and planning required for his marketing trip, he'd have the time to devote more fully to Amber. In the days that had passed, he'd developed great affection for her and felt sure she had similar feelings for him. He was going to miss not having her as his 'side kick' once he got home. They'd even be living in different cities, hours apart, so they couldn't just pop in and see one another for drinks or dinner or whatever – a booty call, perhaps.

The flight to Paris took four hours from Moscow. By the time they cleared customs, got a limousine to the hotel, and got settled, it was dinnertime. They had dinner in the hotel; the George V's chefs were always exceptional.

After dinner the couple roamed the Champs d'Elysee and then some of the side streets whenever they heard some music drifting from a club. They settled on a club with a jazz quartet playing very danceable music, allowing the couple to be in public in each other's arms.

At one point Roger went to the busy bar to order another round of drinks. By the time he got back to the table, Amber had company.

Mike rose on Thursday morning and did his exercises and stretching, and then took a four-mile run. He checked his phone as he came into the condominium. Damn, there was another video from Amber with only the words,  'Amber sandwich.' 

The video downloaded for a while suggesting at least a few minutes of video. When it began to play, Mike was astounded to see Amber in the cowgirl position atop some man he didn't recognize. The man was handsome and looked suave; he heard some French words spoken. Roger appeared in the frame of the video, also naked. He watched the couple fucking as he stroked his cock, and then he mounted behind Amber and drove his cock into the young woman's ass – his young woman! She was being DPed by the two men. Amber shrieked and writhed in their clutches, but occasionally urged them on. 

There was a gap in the video indicating a second video had been stitched onto the first. In this one, Amber knelt on the floor in front of the two men as they stroked their cocks in front of her. First, one, and then the other exploded with man jizz, splattering over her face, neck, and breasts until she was dripping in white icing. She grabbed each and sucked the cocks until they were clean and empty. The video ended just after Amber gave a little wave at the camera.

Mike strolled into his bedroom, synched the video to his TV, and played the entire scene again as he masturbated. As he finished into a tissue, his phone beeped to indicate further text messages.

The message said,  "Guess where I am?"  Three pictures were attached, fortunately in high resolution. The first showed Amber wearing a trench coast but holding it open flashing her naked body at the camera in front of the Arc de Triomphe. She was in Paris. The second showed her nakedness again in the middle of a busy roadway with the Eiffel tower in the background, and the third a similar shot as she stood in front of the glass pyramid at the entrance to Louvre; a heavily armed gendarme stood ten feet behind her. She was laughing hard in each photograph.

Another single text arrived,  "See you soon. I miss you. Love, A." 

