 Chapter 19 - In Flagrante Delicto

Crystal was walking around the other girls' condo with her cell phone to her ear. Occasionally, she'd ask whomever was on the phone a short question. The four other girls tuned in out of curiosity: 'How many? How much? When? Where? No movies or pictures! Who else? I'm supposed to know that name? Another girl about my age? How many? Maybe! I'll have to ask my friends; if we could all do it there are five of us.' The conversation went on for a couple more minutes, and then she ended the call.

Crystal walked back to the other girls lounging in the living room, "That was an interesting call. It was some dude that wants to hold one helluva fucking bachelor party for his best friend about a month from now at a beachside mansion down on Casey Key. He wants me and all of you if you're free as the 'entertainment,' and I'm sure that means a whole lot of fucking. Anybody interested?"

Edie, Amber, Kat, and Melody all raised their hands to express their interest. The girls laughed.

Kat mirthfully said, "Hey, we're five horny girls who like to get laid often, frequently, repeatedly, and again and again." She turned to Crystal, "So, what are the details?"

"Well, a mister, high, mucky-mucky Jonathan Ewing Sellers is going to wed Samantha Lewis Frasier on the tenth of next month. It's the wedding of the year, he said. The weekend before Jon's best buddies Wick and Flynn want to hold a bang out bachelor party for him. The thing starts on Friday evening with a catered dinner at a mansion on Casey Key for us and about twenty-five guys. The pay is three grand per girl per night, that is if we can stay over and do Saturday night too, with half up front a week ahead of time. Money didn't seem to be an issue; these guys are all well-off. The party officially ends on Sunday at noon."

"We'd be the only women?" Edie asked.

"That's the plan?"

"So, it'd just be continuous fucking from when we arrive to when we leave?"

"Wick said they had some kind of golf game scheduled for midday on Saturday. He hoped we could stick around and enjoy the house and pool, or do whatever we wanted until they were through in mid-afternoon. He said they had a ton of gag gifts for the groom. Some of them might involve us, if we're willing. He sounded reasonable; said that they were just a group of horny early-thirties guys - some single, some married but willing to take a time out to play with us. He promised everyone would be well behaved, so no S&M or rough stuff. Wick told me he didn't drink and would be at least one of the designated sober souls that would ensure our safety, but he didn't think that'd be an issue anyway. He just wanted me to know that this wasn't a total orgy where we might get hurt. He kept saying, these guys are working really hard in their careers and need some serious R&R and to get laid."

"Sounds like it's just our cup of tea. How'd they find us?" Kat asked.

Crystal grinned broadly, "You'll laugh. Wick and Flynn are both tennis nuts. They belong to the Bath and Racquet Club, and the tennis pro there, one Mark Hanley, recommended one of them contact you or me. Apparently, Mr. Hanley still has fond memories of his night with the two of us."

"Damn," Kat muttered with a smile. "A very unexpected referral."

Crystal leaned over and kissed Kat, "Not only that, but Mark is going to be one of the men at the party."

"Well, who would of thought?"

