 Savannah spun around in the mirror, her navy blue pleated skirt twirled with her. She tucked her eggshell white shirt into the hem, pleased with how it showed off her cleavage. Quickly, she spritzed perfume on her neck when she heard the knock at the door. It was a while before Xavier's friends were supposed to be there for their monthly poker game, so it could only one other person.

"Baby, Stella's here!" 

Stella was coming over to keep her from being overdosed on testosterone. While the guys did their manly thing, the girls were going to hole themselves up in Savannah's room, watch Life Time movies and scrap book. Xavier was convinced that he was going to go blind with as much as the flash had been going off in his face in the six months that they'd moved in together. She had an entire photo box full of pictures that she needed to scrap and get their book started Earlier in the week the girls took a trip to Michaels to get paper and stickers. She'd picked out a cute scrap book that Xavier playfully rolled his eyes at when he'd seen it. That was male for he like it but couldn't admit it. 

"I'm ready," she walked into the living room, seeing X, clad in his black apron taking the groceries out of Stella's hands.

"She bought out the store," 

"I see that. Stella, we told you not to bring anything,"

"I know, but I had to grab a few things for the baby sitter and I went in hungry,"

"That's never smart, Savannah usually ends up buying junk food when she goes in hungry,"

"ME? I'm sorry, but who bought out the fried chicken at midnight because it looked too good not to eat?"

"Who helped me eat it at two in the morning?"

Savannah blushed at the memory. It had been after a particularly long, hot love making session breaking in their new sex swing that had also left her with a serious case of cotton mouth. "That was your fault,"

Catching the look she gave him, his lips spread into a wide grin, "Okay so I'll take the blame for that one,"

"Do I even want to know?" Stella quipped, reminding them she was still in the same room. 

A blush crawled up Savannah's face, "I don't kiss and tell," 

"You are such a liar," Xavier laughed.

"So baby, do you need help cooking?" she threw in, trying to change the subject. 

Sighing he moved the bags out of the way, showing off his apron, "What's it say?"

Savannah sighed and Stella giggled. 

"Read it!" his demand was playful.

"I'm the cook, get out of my kitchen," her tone was dry even though her eyes were sparkling.

"And you two are still here why?" 

"Fine. Let's go Stella. If he burns the wings because he's doing too many things at once, we'll take his credit card and go out for pizza," 

"Out! Get out!"

Stealing a couple of olives out of the can, Savannah grabbed Stella's hand and skipped off to the bedroom, "Fine. But if the bedroom's rockin' don't come a knockin',"

