 As I took off my clothes behind the screens I wondered if it had been a good idea to turn up for the medical after all, I knew from the job application and the interview process that this post at the Academy would involve sexual situations, but there I was, not ten minutes after arriving being told to undress by my new boss who was barely half my age.

AND MAN.....SHE IS A LOOKER!

"Hurry up please Mr Banks, we have a very busy morning ahead of us."

"Of course Miss Smith, can I keep my boxers on?"

"If you really must then yes you can for now, but it's hardly worth it."

She sounded a little impatient, she must be a very busy lady as principal of such a big organisation, I find that the older I get, the harder it is for me to estimate younger peoples ages but this little lady only looked to be about twenty five or so, amazing really, the Academy for Sexual Studies was highly regarded in the field of human research and I was really keen to get this post.

WHY DO THEY WANT AN OLD FART LIKE YOU ANYWAY?

DO YOU MIND....?

IT'S A FAIR ENOUGH QUESTION, YOU ARE FIFTY FOUR!

OKAY, OKAY.....

It did slightly puzzle me though, apparently they wanted a mature man of fifty plus to make up their team which was comprised mostly of younger people, male and female, the Academy carried out all kinds of trials and research studies, all in the field of sexual health and well being, I'd been told my main role would be to sit in on counselling sessions and to write up the notes I was to take of the proceedings, I would also be involved in some of the experimental stuff in a similar way.

SOUNDS ALRIGHT TO ME!

They needed someone open minded enough not to judge people with hang ups and I felt myself to be a man of the world, not too easily embarrassed in matters of the flesh, apparently they had some well heeled clients with all kinds of problems, some types of sexual therapy even took place in groups, people from all walks of life came through the doors, ranging from celebrities and city high flyers to ordinary folks off the street, the one thing they all had in common though was the ability to pay quite a lot of dosh for the services on offer.

IF I'VE GOT IT RIGHT THEN I'M GOING TO GET PAID TO WATCH PEOPLE HAVING SEX.

JUST YOU KEEP HOPING SON.....I RECKON IT'LL BE FAT OLD LADIES MOSTLY.....YOU MUST BE MAD!

I heard the door open and the sharp click clack of high heels on the polished wooden floor.

"Just in time Penny, Mr Banks is coming out now.....aren't you David?"

"Yes, I'm ready."

I stepped round the screens wearing just my shorts to be greeted by two of the loveliest creatures I've ever seen, these were definitely not fat old ladies, these were young ladies, lovely ladies, Valerie Smith was the raven haired principal, she'd been joined by a blonde woman of around thirty who was positively statuesque and perfectly proportioned, her wavy medium blonde hair fell around the shoulders of her white nursing uniform, her legs were encased in white.....STOCKINGS I HOPED.....and red high heels which seemed unusual for a nurse, but I didn't care, she had one of those crisp white caps on her head and that was good enough for me!

"At last we can begin, I'm going to call you David from now on if that's okay, if you pass the final selection test this morning and join us fully you'll soon find we have no room for standing on ceremony here."

"Please do.....Valerie?"

She nodded, Valerie was elegantly dressed in a smart grey business suit with a cream blouse, the skirt and jacket were well tailored and fitted her gorgeous figure admirably, her legs were clad in light grey nylons and her shoes were black, with pointy toes and four inch heals, they looked expensive, she knew I was checking her out and deliberately turned away towards her desk allowing me a look at her in profile.....

A CLASSY BIRD LIKE THAT WOULDN'T WEAR TIGHTS WOULD SHE?

SHE'S SO FULL OF HERSELF!

YES BUT SHE'S GOT PLENTY TO FLAUNT!

"You may call me Valerie David, but I prefer to hear Miss Smith in front of clients."

BIT HIGH AND MIGHTY FOR A YOUNG BIRD!

OITY TOITY MATE.....BUT TOP TOTTY ALL THE SAME....!

SHE MUST BE GOOD TO RUN THIS PLACE, IT'S MASSIVE.

"David, I'd like you to meet Penny Chivers, she is our ever dutiful nurse and she also doubles very well as my personal assistant, I have complete confidence in her medical abilities and her excellent sense of discretion and loyalty, anything you need to ask, see Penny if I'm not available."

"You're too kind Valerie, I just do my job really."

"Nonsense, I wouldn't be without you Penny dear."

The two women were standing close together and I detected an air of something rather special between them, a bond of some kind which was more than just professional closeness, they were both incredibly beautiful, both well endowed with womanly figures, not at all like the modern trend which has women on diets all the time, wanting to squeeze into the smallest sizes off the rack, I like females to be female, that's basically why I'd applied for this job, I like women, I like sex and meeting these two was as fine a start as I could have hoped for.

LEZZIES....!

SHUT UP.....THAT'S NOT WHAT I MEANT.

MAYBE NOT SON.....BUT THEY ARE.....CUNT LICKERS I'M TELLING YOU.....BOTH OF 'EM....!

ENOUGH!

MINGE MUNCHERS....!

SHUT IT!

"Pay attention please David, you look rather distant."

"Sorry Valerie.....day dreaming that's all, it hasn't quite sunk in yet that I've got the job."

Standing in front of these two charmers in just my boxers I felt a little intimidated, I'm only 5'6" and even though I'm in my fifties I haven't allowed myself to get all flabby like so many men do, I don't smoke, I hardly ever drink alcohol and I'm reasonably fit apart from having a rather dodgy lower back, my equipment is average in size I think, with a full foreskin and about seven inches when erect, so I had nothing to be ashamed about in particular, looking at these two darlings though had me imagining them with the kind of big hunks you see in porn movies, all muscular chests and massive dongs.....

PERHAPS YOU'VE WATCHED TOO MANY MATE....!

THAT MAY BE SO, I DO ADMIT TO ENJOYING A NICE WANK NOW AND THEN.

NOW AND THEN.....NOW AND THEN HE SAYS....!

STEADY ON, I'M TELLING THE STORY!

I didn't know what to do with my hands as I waited, so I held them behind my back like a policeman on duty.

EVENIN' ALL.....

But what Valerie said next got my attention.

"Yes David, well that's the whole point of this meeting really, you won't actually be offered the post until we've covered a few more details and you have given us a sample of your sperm, for analysis."

WHAT THE....?

I coughed nervously and I could feel my face colouring up.

"A sperm sample, today you mean?"

"Yes today, soon, this morning in fact, you see David, every person who works here, men and women, every client who comes to stay here, they are all fitted with a tiny sensor to allow our excellent security system to monitor their movements, as well as that, every male has to supply a sperm sample, we then have them analysed and the results are fed into the computer and then later, if there are any unfortunate incidents we can identify the culprit from DNA evidence, I thought you knew this already?"

"Err.....no I didn't, I'd read about tight security in the glossy brochure but I didn't realise how it was achieved exactly, I thought I was here for further medical checks, that's all."

"We have cameras all over the establishment, some obvious, some very well hidden, I can bring up a view of almost any room or corridor on my laptop just by pressing a few keys, isn't that right Penny?"

BIG BROTHER.....I HATE THAT SHOW....!

"Oh yes, very comprehensive coverage, too good in some ways, we occasionally have to turn a blind eye to certain things, all work and no play.....as the old saying goes."

Penny's voice was husky, like melted chocolate, she sent a little tingle down my back as she spoke, I suppose it was something to do with her outfit, I've always had a thing about women in uniform and nurses especially.

DIRTY OLD SOD!

NOT AT ALL, IT'S A WELL KNOWN FACT THAT MANY MEN REACT TO A CRISP WHITE UNIFORM IN THAT WAY.

IN WHAT WAY?

YOU KNOW.....IN THE TROUSER DEPARTMENT.

WITH A HARD ON YOU MEAN?

YES.....

JUST AS WELL OLD SON BECAUSE THESE TWO LOVELIES WANT YOU TO PERFORM IN A MINUTE!

OH FUCK.....SHOULD I MAKE A RUN FOR IT NOW, BEFORE I MAKE A FOOL OF MYSELF?

"David.....didn't you get much sleep last night, were you worrying about today?"

"Oh I'm sorry, I was away with the fairies again, what were you saying?"

"Don't worry David, we understand, I think we should move on before you get too nervous, men sometimes do a runner at this stage, as Penny and I well know."

"Is it you two that usually take the err.....samples?"

"Oh yes.....we've had lots of practice by now, I promise it won't hurt."

"I wasn't worrying about it hurting."

GULP.....

"Good, well in that case....."

Valerie unfastened her jacket and thrust her magnificent chest out at me as she took the jacket off, she was really stacked and beneath the pale blouse she seemed to be wearing some kind of dark undergarment.

GULP.....

Penny click clacked over to the door and locked it.

DOUBLE GULP.....

Things were moving fast, the lovely dark haired woman with the Slavic features reached behind to unzip her skirt and as she let it fall to the floor my cock gave a lurch and immediately started to thicken.

STOCKINGS.....DELICIOUS!

Her stone grey nylons were held taught by thin black straps which extended from beneath the bottom hem of the blouse, she wasn't wasting any time, already her fingers had the top two buttons of the blouse undone and I was shifting from one foot to the other, my mouth hung open like a little boy looking in his mum's catalogue at the underwear models, I was well on the way to a boner by this time and then I heard click clack.....click clack, right behind me.

"Incredible isn't she?"

Penny's warm breath was in my ear, standing close behind me in the high heels she was taller than I was, ready to take charge, my breathing quickened as Valerie swept back the open blouse to reveal the full glory of her black corset, it was beautifully made and decorated with embroidery, a high quality garment that did not come from Marks & Spencer, the top and bottom edges were frilly and her magnificent breasts spilled over the top with her disc like pink nipples on show, the corset was laced tightly up the front and it only came down to just below her slender waist, so her lack of any panties was blatantly obvious and hit my senses like a battering ram.

TWITCH.....PULSE.....TWITCH.....THROB.....

She stood with her arms folded under her breasts and her legs slightly apart allowing me to see her neatly trimmed pussy, it was dark, just like the rich mane of hair which framed her beautiful face, this woman was stunning!

AND SHE'S GOING TO BE YOUR BOSS, YOU'LL SEE HER EVERY DAY!

I CAN'T BELIEVE IT, HOW DID I LAND A PLUMB JOB LIKE THIS?

"David.....you're dreaming again."

I blinked rapidly to clear my vision but I wasn't imagining things, this woman who could have been my daughter was standing proudly in front of me looking like a centrefold from Playboy, whatever next?

"We don't have to do it this way of course, if we just wanted to excite you we could show you some porn and wait for you to produce, but I think the personal touch is better for someone joining our team as you are today, we also want to see how well you respond to stimulation, so take a good look David, I want to prove my credentials for you and funnily enough you remind of my father, he used to appreciate my looks a great deal."

She piled her hair up on top of her head to strike a pose for me, then she let it fall again and half turned away to show me the vibrant thrust of her high taught buttocks, the lower edge of the corset skirted her lower back, round about where her pants might have started which left her arse completely naked and she ran her hand over her bum and down to adjust her stocking top.

FUCKING HELL....!

"Now it's your turn David, the shorts please?"

I looked down past my slight paunch at my tented underwear, my penis was straining the material and there was a damp stain showing where my bell end searched for freedom.

GO ON THEN.....YOU WANTED THE JOB.....GET EM OFF!

I hesitated for a few seconds and then a sharp fingernail snagged my waistband from behind and let the elastic snap back into place.

"Do you want some help with these?"

I froze.....

"Okay Penny.....let's do it....."

The nurse tugged my shorts down in one violent movement and my hard on twanged about absurdly in front of me.

Valerie's eyes seemed to smoke as she assessed my equipment, I felt rather like a dirty old man in front of her and I looked down at my cock, it's reasonable, nothing to be ashamed of, but I was unsure what was expected of me so I just waited for her lead.

"Nice and pink, should photograph well, which hand do you use when you masturbate David?"

I blushed and farted.....

"You do masturbate?"

"Errrgghh hmmmm."

"Come on, it's a simple question."

"Err.....my right hand I suppose."

"You suppose.....don't be so wishy washy, make a decision."

"Usually my right hand yes."

The nurse put her hand around my right hip from behind and grabbed my rigid cock, I flinched in surprise.

"Would you like to see Valerie from the rear, are you an upskirts kind of chap David?"

I hesitated again and Penny squeezed me tightly, she waggled me up and down towards Valerie.

"Well.....are you?"

Valerie didn't wait for an answer, instead she turned her back to us and stood with her legs close together and one hip slightly raised, her cunt peeped at me from between her thighs and I was mesmerised, she had such perfect skin, like a porn starlet with body make up on, not a blemish anywhere and believe me I was looking closely, Penny's hand started to move on my erection, the tightly cinched corset was laced up the back as well as the front and I felt hugely excited.

THIS IS NOT GOING TO TAKE VERY LONG....!

"Isn't Valerie magnificent David?"

"Yes....."

"Look at that perfect arse, so defined, she takes lots of exercise to stay like that, I bet you'd like her to open her legs wouldn't you?"

"Oh yes please....."

"That's better, be honest, we like that around here."

Valerie stood with her legs apart and kind of raised herself with her back arched in the way that sexy women do for the camera, her fleshy pussy lips were framed in the wide space between her thighs, my breathing was rapid by now and Penny nudged me forward as she continued to masturbate me.

"What do think of our leader then?"

"Oh she's amazing.....astonishing."

We stood quite close to the boss and she turned back towards us, her hands went to the fastenings at her bustline.

"I suppose you'd like to see my breasts as well, we might as well go the whole hog, you see in order for someone as young as me to have authority in a setting like this I have to have credentials."

I watched with my mouth hanging open as Valerie gradually revealed the rest of her perfect credentials to my hungry eyes, she unfastened the corset halfway, giving her tits some room to escape and then she was reaching down to fiddle with the clasps holding her stockings to the corset straps, I was in heaven as I watched and pre come was leaking from my cock as Penny played with me, all too soon the corset came off fully and Valerie was standing with hands on hips, she had the most amazing breasts I've ever seen in real life, she twisted and turned for me, making her luscious tits sway invitingly, they were large enough to be described as pendulous but absolutely beautiful with it, her full lips pouted and she spoke seriously for a moment.

"Well, do you still think you want to work here David, if you do will you give me your all, we need commitment from our workers in a sensitive role like ours?"

The hand on my penis was bringing me closer to the inevitable, there was a rustling sound as Penny fiddled with her other hand in her pocket for something and then she held up a small plastic pot over my shoulder towards Valerie, she took it, removed the lid and held it out near to my leaking cock.

"It's only small, and we have to get some of your spunk in here somehow, I must say David, you are doing well, some men would have filled Penny's hand already by now."

I'M NOT GOING TO BE LONG LASS....!

"You are a dear, I do enjoy these sessions with someone like you, not always the case I'm afraid with the fat old walrus types, we always try to remain professional though don't we Penny?"

"Indeed we do Valerie....."

"Are you okay Penny, you look warm darling, take something off if you want to, I don't think David will mind too much, I'll take over for a minute."

Valerie stepped forward and replaced Penny's hand on my cock, her big brown eyes were smoking as she caressed me near her flat tummy and I knew the sample pot would soon be needed, Penny stepped aside so we could both watch as she unbuttoned her uniform and shrugged out of it, underneath she had a pretty white bra and a white suspender belt, her brief pubic fuzz was as blonde as the hair on her head, yes folks.....Penny too was without panties and my cock pulsed madly in Valerie's warm hand.

"Penny has such a lovely shape, I can tell from the feel of this that you are a stockings man."

"Yes.....very much so.....I always have been Valerie."

"That's good, you'll see plenty of them working here."

THANK YOU LORD....!

"Now, let's get this done shall we, I'm going to release you now and because I like you I'm going to give you a little treat, let Penny take charge again and just relax, and remember, no touching unless I say so, okay?"

"Okay....."

Valerie released me and turned to face the window again, Penny returned to my side and leaned in with her warm cleavage against my arm, she held my erection again and her left hand patted my bum, urging me nearer to the boss, I was only inches away as Valerie leaned forward and parted her legs to reveal her cunt again, this time though the fingers of her left hand appeared between her thighs and she held her pussy lips open with two fingers to show me her private pinkness.

"Oh my God....."

"Remember who's in charge, if we get on well you might get to see this quite often, would you like that?"

"Oh yesssss....."

"Go on David, join us, come for me, do it all over my back....."

My cock spat a massive stream of come up across Valerie's bum.....another one followed and formed a milky pool at the base of her lovely back just above the divide of her rounded buttocks, Penny gripped me firmly to increase the intensity of my orgasm, she was very experienced at giving pleasure.....

FANTASTIC.....UUUUURUURRRGHGGHHHHH.....

Valerie kept her rear extended to allow the spunk less chance of escape but even so a thick gobbet ran down her crack and dripped from her fingers onto the floor, she used some of it to lubricate the entrance to her cunt and allowed herself a few exquisite finger dips as Penny and I watched.

"Well done David, that should be more than enough for a test."

"You know what to do Penny, quickly dear."

Penny let go of me and squatted beside her mistress, she used her fingers to scoop some of my muck into the tiny pot, she got a couple of good dollops in there and of course in doing so she couldn't avoid touching Valerie's most intimate places, but the boss lady didn't object in any way, judging by her hip twitching movements I'd say she rather enjoyed the process.

"Thanks Penny, pass the tissues would you my love."

Penny went for the box of tissues on the desk and reaching for them she gave me a quick flash of her own pussy from behind, it was lovely but very brief and I had no more left to give anyway, I felt drained.
