 Chapter 21 - A First Date. Epilog: Months Later 

Samantha let herself into the girls' apartment with the key they'd given her about two o'clock on Sunday afternoon. She was wearing her casual shorts and top, along with the expensive-looking sequined sandals the others had 'approved' during the dress and 'date' tutorial and critique with her Saturday morning.

Amber, Edie, and Crystal were sitting reading in the room, and making occasional comments about articles they read in the Sunday papers. Amber had the New York Times; Edie the Washington Post; and Crystal the Financial Times. Meet the Press was playing on the television in the room.

Amber paused the TV and welcomed their new friend. "Hi Sam. How'd your big first 'date' go?"

Sam smiled, "Oh, your friend Ross was the greatest ... and he is big. I can't believe he fucked me six times. I thought guys kind of had a two cum limit."

Amber laughed, "Ross takes his vitamins, supplements, and ED meds. He is a wonder in that department. A three-sigma case we'd say in business."

Crystal said, "Did he pay you well?"

Sam reeled slightly, "Oh, my God. I didn't look. I'm so still learning this business. We made love twice this morning - before and after breakfast, and then he had to rush for the airport so we dashed around cleaning up, packing, and stuff before we kissed goodbye and he left. I didn't even think about money."

She looked in her shoulder bag and discovered a sealed envelope. She tore the seal and took out a note and a handful of bills. First, she read the note aloud,  'Samantha - you are a delight and joy to associate with. I will certainly be seeing you again whenever you are available. You stole my heart and took me to places of ecstasy far beyond my expectations. XOXOX. Ross.' 

She counted off $3,000 - thirty one-hundred dollar bills. "Holy shit. He liked me." She held the bills out in a fan gesture.

Edie chuckled, "So you do that three times a week all year, take on a few special assignments such as Amber did on her five-week trip, and you're pulling down an annual salary of just under a half-a-million."

Kat teased, "Just be sure you pay your taxes, including your quarterly payments!"

Sam swore, "Damn. Why doesn't everyone do this?" She recounted the money in disbelief.

Edie laughed aloud, "Because of their sense of decency, morals, scruples, code of ethics, principles, rules, laws, and dislike of anything sexual. You, my new friend, are operating at the very fringe of society. You can't talk about what you really do, so you need a subterfuge you can talk about - your bookkeeping and accounting work. You have Jonathan as an understanding and cooperative husband, but he might put his foot down about your alternate job any day, then what? You could get roughed up by some overzealous 'date.' You could get arrested for soliciting - we talked all about that. Found out, you'll be about as popular as a fart in church, only most churches wouldn't let you in the door despite all their charitable and hypocritical chatter and bullshit about being forgiving, loving, and compassionate. The compensating feature is what we do and the way we do it. We want to do this, make good money doing it, and feel good about ourselves in the process; that's what counts."

Amber said, "Speaking of Jonathan, how is he?"

Samantha said, "He seemed fine when I left last night for my 'date.' I need to go pay attention to him and tell him about Ross. I called him driving here from the hotel so he knows I was going to be with you guys for a little while. I teased him; telling him I was walking funny from fucking for eighteen hours straight. Not quite true, but close enough to tickle his dick." She laughed.

Amber defended, "Hey, I liked Jonathan. If you start going on 'dates' and need someone to screw Jon's brains out occasionally to keep things in balance, please check with me - maybe all of us. We'll all go a fuck his brains out; five chicks and a dick." 

"Oh, he'd like that. That'd also make me feel better. Even though he was fucking Crystal when I found him at his bachelor party, and I reacted by going into total slut mode on him, he does need a heavy dose of sex. We both have very high libidos."

Crystal said, "I second that offer. In fact, if you want me to go home with you now and work him over, I'll be glad to accompany you. I liked him too."

Sam grinned. "Really. That'd sure help make his day. He liked you at the party - a lot."

"He could be fucking me while you tell him all about how Ross abused your pussy, even waggling it in his face and pointing out all the spots that Ross stuck his dick that made you come unglued with orgasm after orgasm."

Sam laughed, "Will you? Please. I love that idea. I want to see the look on his face. I even still have some cum leaking from my vag. He'll love that."

Crystal started to pick up her things so she left the room neat where she'd been reading. She packed her purse with a few things, unplugged her iPhone from the chargers, and joined Sam as they left the apartment.

Two hours later, Crystal lay in the large bed next to Jon and Samantha. She had a glow of sexual satisfaction about her from about ten colossal orgasms the couple had given her as they played together and Sam teased her husband in a cuckold way about her 'date' the previous night.

Sam had sat naked beside Jon and Crystal as they fucked, fingering her slit, and describing Ross' cock, balls, tongue, lips, and nimble fingers; describing how he'd used them in talented ways to drive her crazy and drive her to an orgasmic state where she wasn't sure she'd ever stop climaxing; describing how pleasing he was once his large cock was buried deep inside her body and frantically pumping away; and then describing how over and over again he'd spewed his cum into her writhing and willing sex.

Jon came in Crystal twice as Sam talked. She insisted that he eat her pussy as Crystal rode him, and then asked him to describe the taste of her pussy in contrast to what it tasted like when she didn't have so much cum leaking from inside her. Jon did her bidding with some enthusiasm that surprised both women.

Jon was so worked up he finally fucked Sam, telling her in the process how much he loved her and wanted her to keep doing what she'd done the night before and what she'd done at the bachelor party a few weeks earlier. His complete acceptance of her new job amazed both women.

After making love with Jon, Sam looked over her husband's inert and nearly comatose body on the bed at Crystal. The women smiled at each other. She grinned, "I have a cleanup on aisle sixty-nine. Can you take care of it?"

"Me too."

Crystal scrambled around to the other side of the bed and straddled Samantha's luscious body. She carefully lowered her steaming pussy to the outstretched tongue, and put her own mouth and tongue over Sam's sodden slit. The two women were still turned on, still highly sexed, and excited about being with each other in a sapphic way.

Beside them, Jon cranked one eye open and watched, even moving so he lay on his side and held his head up with one hand to not miss any of the girl-on-girl show beside him. He hadn't realized his new wife was so willing to play sexually with another women. 

He had so much to learn about her. Her slutty weekend at his bachelor party had blown him away. She fucked every man there a minimum of three times, and some, like his best man and his groomsmen, she'd done at least twice that during the weekend party.

Further, she'd proven to be an exhibitionist. She hadn't seemed to care that the other men and women at the party were watching her having sex with someone, nor had she cared they saw her jumping from partner to partner to keep cocks pummeling her sweet cunt for hours on end.

He hadn't realized she wanted to tease him so much, particularly bringing out his cuckold tendencies, by making him eat her sodden pussy as he'd just done, or ensuring he watched her being made air tight several times by three of the groomsmen.

He loved the discovery that she had a filthy mouth. She could not only swear like an old Navy seaman, but also had an extensive vocabulary of dirty talk that poured from her mouth during her fuckathon, as she called it. She'd just used it again with Crystal there to tease him to distraction about her first official escort 'date' with a man named Ross. If she were this way with her 'dates' she'd be really a popular escort: polite and polished in public, and a total slut in the bedroom.

Between the bachelor party and their wedding, Samantha and Jonathan had several long talks about her performance at the party and her becoming an escort. He'd never taken in the full meaning of what it meant to have a 'Hot Wife.' He did by the end of their talks. He had a rebirth of sorts at his bachelor party and due to those talks. Both Jon and Sam shed the last shreds of their somewhat puritanical upbringing. She took on the new mantel of Hot Wife, and he happily assumed a role as a slightly cuckolded new husband. They agreed on a few parameters and set a few boundaries, however, for the most part they agreed to a wide open marriage.

They adopted a hedonistic lifestyle while retaining the cosmopolitan one they'd had coming into their engagement. Prior to the party, they would have had a staid and waning sex life that might have led to affairs and assignations to fill the voids. Their rebirth put them on the forefront of a highly sexual and daring lifestyle. They'd changed their definition of their dream to one they knew would make them happier, more cultured, sexier, and more successful. The arc of the relationship was set.

The end of that week Samantha had her second 'date' - actually, a kind of 'double date' with two handsome male salesmen from a California pharmaceutical company. She spent Thursday and Friday nights with them in one of the men's hotel suite. The concept of being a shared wife intrigued her.

EPILOGUE

Months Later

The six women that comprised Sensations Escort Service were all crying as they stood beside a long black limousine. Off to one side, a second group of people in the girls' lives stood: Mike, Brad, Martin, Margo, Sean, and Jonathan. Another large limousine sat a little further away with Dirk leaning against the fender awaiting instructions.

Kat sobbed, "Edie, we're going to miss you sooooo much."

Amber was next to her nodding, but choked up and unable to talk.

Edie sighed, "And I'll miss all of you, but I think this is for the best. It's what Martin wants ... it's really what I want ... except I want to be near you guys, too. We want a family - I'll be a wife, mother, and homemaker. This is the time. We'll have kids right away so Martin can enjoy and share in raising them before he gets too old. You know all that 'to everything there is a season' crap - this is that time. Well, my escort days are behind me now, I guess; unless Martin comes up with some unusual situation and decides to invoked the offer I made to him about using me in 'special situations.' Besides, it's not like we'll never see each other again. You're going to be coming up to see me all the time, and I'll have the use of Martin's little jet to visit you."

"Oh, I know," Kat sighed hugging onto her dear friend. "It's just ..."

Amber said through her tears, "It's like the end to a major part of our lives - our threesome. We were the three musketeers or whatever we would have been as three women doing flamboyant and daring things. We were one for all and all for one. And then we added three more great girls to become our friends. It feels like we're breaking up a matched set of rare antiques."

Edie hugged Amber to her and they kissed. "God, don't make this any harder on me. I've already cried a river of tears since Martin asked me to set a date. I didn't think eight months would pass so quickly. We'll see you at the wedding, but you know that'll be chaotic. Martin knows everybody up there, so it's going to be a huge affair. My parents are going to be blown away. Even some senators and congressmen will be there with their spouses, along with lots of celebs. He thinks the vice president might come, too. Hell, I'm blown away. Who would have known when we came up with the idea of Sensations Escort Service that it would lead to this."

Martin stepped forward from the other group and gently put his hand on Edie's shoulder. He said softly, "Sweetheart, we're keeping the plane waiting." Eight years earlier when they started SES on a shoestring, the idea of flying anywhere for any reason in a private jet was beyond any of the girl's wildest fantasies or dreams. Now, it was almost routine and expected except for a few transoceanic trips when they flew first-class commercial.

Edie gave a wan smile through the tears that ran down her cheeks. She turned and hugged Crystal, Melody, and Samantha. She said to the three, "Keep it going. Do great things." She quickly hugged each of the other men and women, and then allowed Martin to shepherd her into the sleek limousine. The driver firmly shut the door, and then raced around the car to the open driver's door. A few seconds later, the car glided away from the group headed to the airport and Martin's private jet.

Amber snuffled into her tissue, and turned. Mike was right there, and surrounded her in his muscular arms as she put her head on his chest. He kissed the top of her head in a loving and caring way. Mike whispered to her, "It'll be all right. We'll make lots of visits. Martin and I have become good friends. We'll make sure you get to see Edie on a frequent basis. He and I were just talking about coordinating our winter vacations down in the islands."

Amber stuttered, "But it's the end of an era. The three of us ..."

Mike said, "You think it's the end of everything, but really it's just the beginning of something new and beautiful and better - for Edie, and for each of you."

"Oh, I know." Amber sighed as she got her emotions in check.

"I know too. I also know something else that I haven't told you for the last few minutes, and that's that I love you. Only that's not all I have to say at this stage."

Amber looked puzzled, "At this stage?"

Mike grinned and dropped to one knee in front of her on the sidewalk in front of all the others. Amber's heart leapt into her throat and she squeaked in joy. He said, "Yes, Amber, I love you. I want you with me all the time remaining in the universe. I want you as a wife, lover, and mother of my children. Amber will you please marry me?"

Amber broke into tears again, but not before she yelled, "OH, GOD, YES!" The next she knew Mike was slipping a large diamond ring onto her left ring finger.

Amber enthusiastically threw her arms around Mike as he stood and they kissed passionately. Amber had a sudden thought and pulled away, "WAIT! What about Margo?"

Mike smiled. He'd expected this concern and knew how Amber felt about their other close and romantic friend. He asked, "What about her? What do you want?" There was a teasing tone to his voice.

"I want Margo to be with us," she crooned. She turned in his grasp to where Margo stood with a few others. "Margo, please come over. Join us." 

Margo joined the couple, and both Mike and Amber put their arms around her so she was included in their hug. She put her arms around each of them, as well. Amber said, "Mike just proposed to me."

"I heard," Margo smiled. "Congratulations."

Amber said, "But I love you too - both Mike AND you." Amber glanced at Mike to be sure he was all right with what she'd said. There was a next sentence but she didn't know whether to ask or not.

Mike interrupted as he knelt again in front of Margo, "What she's trying to say, Margo, is that I should also be proposing to you as well. Will you also be my wife ... AND Amber's wife."

Tears suddenly flooded Margo's bright eyes and she then bit her lower lip in a sexy way. One tear rolled down her cheek. "Really? You both want me? What ... how would this work? What do you mean?"

Mike chuckled, "It'd work like any other long-term relationship for a guy with two wives. We'd live together, love together, be a family, have babies, raise a family, and do great and fun things together."

Margo said, "But, ..."

Amber whispered to her, "Just say 'Yes', Margo. We both promise to love you forever."

Margo shifted her gaze back and forth between Amber and Mike, "Yes, I'll marry you two. This is crazy. My parents will fall to pieces when I tell them about this."

Amber laughed, "Mine too. We'll make it fun, but we have to go together to tell them. They need to see us together and feel the love. There's strength in numbers, you know. There's strength in the love we feel for each other - THAT's the important thing." The trio kissed one another and then did a three-way kiss.

Magically, Mike produced a second ring from his pocket. He held Margo's left hand and slipped the ring on her finger. The ring was a match to Amber's.

Amber laughed, realizing that Mike and she were of the same mind, and had been all along. He'd intended to do this with the two of them. Without a lot of forethought and planning, nobody just happened to have TWO large matching diamond engagement rings in their pocket, just in case they decided to propose to TWO women they loved and who loved each other.

Amber glanced over to the others. Brad was on one knee in front of Kat. Kat was crying too. She heard her best friend say, "OH, YES! I love you too. I will. I will." Had all the men gotten together and decided it was time to marry the women. Mike, Margo, and Amber watched Brad slip an engagement ring onto Kat's delicate ring finger. Kat's hand was shaking.

Mike told the two of them in a hushed tone, "You'll find that Edie's and Kat's rings are identical to the ones I just put on your hands. Brad and I went shopping together at the same jeweler in Chicago that Martin used. We wanted you four women to have that special closeness because of those matching engagement rings, as well; you SES girls especially."

Crystal, Melody, and Samantha were wearing large smiles now and even clapping in joy a few feet away. They'd joined the other men.

Amber shot a questioning look to Melody and Sean, but he shook his head. He chuckled and said, "It's not our time ... YET," but he leaned in and hugged Melody to him in a gesture that said a lot more to her and everyone else. He'd become such an accomplished and polished young man, running a large part of the family's multi-billion dollar business. She could easily envision him sweeping Melody completely off her feet and into his family.

Next to them, Jonathan hugged Samantha. Even though they were married, she was rapidly establishing herself as one of the top escorts in the city. Somehow, despite all his money, wealth, and privilege, she still wanted the thrill and excitement and sense of accomplishment she got on her own from pleasuring her 'dates.' Jon never seemed to mind, and enjoyed the compensation by way of visits from the other girls in Sensations. Crystal, especially, had warmed to the couple, even visiting with the two of them when they were both at home. She swooned about the intense sex she shared with her lovers, but often commented favorably about some of the less physical and more romantic times they spent together. Amber wondered if there was a de facto double marriage working there.

Mike sported a smile from ear to ear, "Come on everyone. Dinner, drinks, and our celebrations are on me. I hear a glass of champagne calling to all of us." He pointed in the direction of St. Armand's Key.

He herded the eight of them to the second limousine that had waited patiently a few feet away while they'd bid goodbye to Edie and Martin in front of the girls' condominium. There had already been a few words about a group dinner, but the three engagements made the event more festive and mitigated the pain of Edie's departure with long-term boyfriend Martin.
