 The first thing I have to point out about this story is that it is complete fiction. The mechanism, the massage shop and the massage ladies described in this story are entirely figments of my imagination, so please don't ask me where you can get this experience. I don't think it exists in the 'real world'. As usual this is my original work and I reserve all rights. That said, please now enjoy the story and I would love to hear what you think. BB1212.

"So," Sally said, "we got new very special massage. You want try?"

"What is it?" I asked. I was certainly interested in anything she would describe as 'very special'.

Sally handed me a sheet of paper that had printed on it 'Sensory Deprivation Massage'. I could see why she didn't want to say that out loud, Sally has difficulty pronouncing some bigger words. I don't pick on her for that, she is much better in my language than I would be in hers.

I don't actually know where Sally is from, but she is a cute young Asian girl who is usually behind the reception counter at small massage shop that I go to every two or three weeks. Idly I wondered what more they could do to make a massage 'special'.

As with most of those shops the staff are all Asian, but unlike most of them they combine my two favourite things in a massage. They do a really good massage and they offer 'extras'.

'Extras' can be anything from a thirty dollar 'happy ending' hand job to a sixty dollar 'full service' suck and fuck. I had gone the 'full service' option twice in my last three visits and, depending on who was available, I was considering doing that again this time. All of the girls I had seen working there were good looking, but some were really hot.

OK, I had better explain a little bit about me. For the purpose of this story I will just call myself Dave, and I am twenty-four years old. I am a well-spoken busy professional who is fit, just over six foot tall, and when I try I have no trouble finding girls to share my bed.

So why am I paying for sex at a massage parlour when I can get it for nothing outside?

Two reasons really. The first is the fact that I am a busy professional. I am putting in sixty to seventy hours a week as I try to establish myself in my chosen career, and the girlfriends I have had in the past want a guy who can spend a lot more time with them than I have available. Unfortunately, I often am just too exhausted after an intense day at work to go through the dating, shows, dinner etc part of a relationship.

The second reason is Giselle. Giselle was my last girlfriend, and my relationship with her was one month of groundwork, six weeks of amazing sex and then seven months of horror due to her various insecurities. Sorry, I really don't want to go into detail here, suffice to say that I am not looking for another relationship while that painful ordeal is still fresh in my mind.

"What is 'Sensory Deprivation Massage'?" I asked.

"You no see, no hear, no smell, not much touch, just feel. Very good." Sally said. It sounded really weird, but I had learned to trust this place, so I thought I should give it a try. I smiled.

"How much," I asked, reaching for my wallet.

"Depend on you," Sally said, "special for one hour, one lady, one hundred, or extra special with everything one hundred sixty. Two lady double, four lady triple. Four lady very, very good."

I had experienced a 'four hands' happy ending massage with two ladies there previously, and that had been really good, so the thought of 'eight hands' was intriguing. Money wasn't an issue, I was making it faster than I could spend it, so I decided to go for broke.

"Four ladies, with everything," I said, taking five one hundred dollar notes out of my wallet. I would often have spent that much on dinner and a show in the past with no guarantee of a 'result' for the evening anyway.

Sally grinned, took my money and gave me my change.

"Come with me," she said, and she led me to a massage room at the back of the shop that I hadn't seen before. 

The set up was unusual in that there was a box, split in half, at the head of a wide massage table. There were a number of cables and tubes running to it. The table had the usual sheet over it, but it had a large hole in it and there was a towel under the hole in the groin area. There were also some short shackles at the corners of the table, obviously for my arms and legs. I looked at them nervously.

"No worry, very good," Sally assured me as she saw me hesitate.

"First take all clothes off, and put wallet in here," she said, showing me a pouch inside the box that closed on Velcro tabs, "then put head in here," she explained, showing the bottom of the box that had a padded head hole in it at table height. "Then put back of box over," she continued, showing me how the halves went together and clipped shut. The top part had a cushion in it to support my head when I turned over, which I thought was clever.

"When ready ring bell three time and lady come in," Sally explained, showing me a small bicycle bell on the side of the table. "Any time want stop ring bell three time. Lady tap bottom three time then time to turn over. They help turn box, OK?"

"Um... OK I guess..." I said.

"Good," Sally said, "All lady tap three time then massage over." And with that she left the room.

I prepared as she had said, putting my valuables in the pouch, undressing and then lying face down on the table and putting my head into the box. When I put the top of the surprisingly lightweight box in place a small ventilator fan started, providing fresh air, and some relaxation music started playing inside box. It was absolutely dark and I could not see or hear anything outside the box. The box was really comfortable and my neck was straight as if I was lying on a normal massage table. I nervously clipped the two halves of the box together and fumbled around looking for the bell. I tried to ring it three times, but of course I couldn't hear anything, so I thought I would wait for a while and try again if nothing happened. 

When I felt the hand touch my back, I jerked in surprise, and then I relaxed. Then two hands took hold of each of my wrists and ankles and the shackles were clipped on. 

Then it began. The massage actually started with four simultaneous massages on my hands and feet, and I immediately got why a massage from four ladies at once could be so much better that just one or two.

I couldn't hear anything, I couldn't touch much, I couldn't smell anything, but I could feel everything all at once. The head box was confining, but not uncomfortable, and fresh air coming in seemed to reduce any feeling of being confined or trapped. I closed my eyes and went with the flow.

The ladies were extremely well co-ordinated. The massage on my hands and feet was blissful, and seemed to last for ages. At first it was very gentle, and then it slowly developed into a very firm pressure point massage, and then it softened off again. After a while, and all at the same time, the ladies started to work their way up my limbs, using warm oil. They did my ankles and wrists (around the narrow shackles), calves and forearms, and then my upper arms and legs. As with my hands and feet, the massage on each area started softly and became more and more firm, eventually tailing off to soft again before moving to the next area.

I usually have my eyes closed for most of the time during a massage anyway, so I didn't miss my sight, but I really did notice the lack of sound. I couldn't hear the squirt of oil from the bottle, the sounds of the massage strokes or the breathing of the ladies, and this was really disconcerting to begin with. I also had fresh air, so I couldn't smell the oil and scents of the massage room which was quite strange.

After a while the upper and lower parts of the massage divided. My upper arms were finished while the ladies doing my legs were still working on my thighs, and the two ladies who had been working my arms began to massage my buttocks, one each side. This became interesting when they coordinated their movements so both pushed towards each other on one stroke, and then pulled the other way on the next. When they pulled my ass cheeks apart I could feel one of them blowing down my crack and over my asshole. This felt amazing and my previously flaccid cock hardened immediately, which was rather uncomfortable as I was lying on it. 

The ladies doing my legs started stroking my inner thighs and brushing my balls, which just made my situation worse, and I wriggled a bit to try and make room for my erection. Because I couldn't see or hear anything I didn't get embarrassed, I was just looking for relief. 

The two ladies were still working on my bum, but all of a sudden, I could only feel one doing my legs. I am not sure how long it had taken me to notice, because almost immediately I felt the table under my groin disappear and as she pulled the towel away too my fully erect cock was suddenly hanging free under the table. The relief was immense, and I groaned with pleasure, even if the ladies probably couldn't hear me.

Then things really heated up. I felt the two ladies pull my bum cheeks apart again, but this time, instead of blowing gently I felt the third ladies finger rub lightly over my asshole. Right at that moment a warm mouth engulfed my throbbing cock and I was in heaven. 

From there I had one lady giving me a blowjob from under the table while the other three played with my inner thighs, my ass, my balls and all of the sensitive areas in between. 

I could feel my orgasm building, but I didn't want to cum too quickly, and I tried to delay it. The ladies must have had the same idea because they stopped what they were doing and I could feel their hands sliding over my body. It felt like they were rotating around, and then I realised they were as they took up new positions and new mouth wrapped around my cock and the hands started again.

I have no idea how long this went for, but they rotated twice more, so that all four of them had a turn at sucking my cock while the other three stimulated me.

When I realised that I was going to cum I tapped on the table to let them know, and the lady who was sucking me at the time swallowed my cock as deeply as she could and I shot stream after stream of cum straight down her throat. It felt so good that I almost passed out.

As I slowly came down from my sexual high the massage on my bum and legs continued. My cock was thoroughly cleaned and then the section of table was slowly pushed back up. I had a vague concern that the 'extras' part of the massage was over, but I didn't really think that was the case. Maybe they were just clearing the backlog as it were, to ensure I lasted longer next time? I hoped so anyway.

The massage returned to being very professional, and for a long time the four ladies provided a sensational deep tissue massage across my buttocks, back and shoulders. 

Because I was so relaxed it just washed over me, and I stopped trying to identify each lady's movements and just enjoyed the all over experience. It was incredible.

I was dozing when the signal to turn over was given, and I think I might have missed it at first, because I had a vague memory of tapping on my bum as it happened again. I moved my arms and legs to find the shackles had been released and then I rolled over, the head box being turned with me, and I settled back down onto the built-in pillow as the shackles were re attached. The box was really well designed, because even though my head had moved a bit as it rested on the pillow part there was still no light getting in. I realised that something had changed with the foot shackles too, when I was on my front my legs had been spaced quite widely apart, but now when I was on my back my feet were much closer together.

Then it all started again, but this time it was long gentle strokes running from my shoulder to my foot on my left side and my foot to my shoulder on my right. By the feel of it the ladies were walking around the table and trailing their fingers along my body. Again, there were so many sensations that it became a blur and I just surrendered to the feelings. Soon they started making extra moves as they went, sliding a hand over my ribs and chest, or up my inner leg.

Slowly my cock started to respond again.

Eventually the ladies stopped moving and began to do stronger strokes again, two on my legs and the others on my chest and stomach. The firm massage lasted for a while and then became lighter and lighter until the ladies were using only featherlight fingertip strokes.

Then they all slowly traced a line across my skin to my groin, and I again jumped as the first hand there lightly circled my semi erect cock and moved up to the tip. Before I realised what was happening the second hand was doing the same thing, then the third and then the fourth. By the time that was done the first lady had done another stroke from her starting point and without a gap this all started again.

With hands continuously running up my cock it took only moments before I was at full rigidity again, and they continued to rub their hands up my shaft for a short time. 

The next thing I felt was multiple contacts elsewhere on my skin, and I realised that the ladies were all rubbing their naked tits on my skin as well as rubbing my cock, and my mind was suddenly spinning with the erotic images that my imagination produced. This was a really intense experience.

Then the fingertip strokes changed to tongue strokes as each lady traced her way to, and up, my cock with her tongue and lips, and soon after that started they started what I could only call a feeding frenzy where, from the feel of it, all four of them were licking and nibbling on my cock at once. I had thought just moments earlier that my cock was fully hard, but this made it find something extra.

After some time of this treatment the actions changed again, and the ladies returned to wide sweeping strokes with their hands, sometimes finishing at my cock where they would grasp it at the base and move it around a bit. Sometimes they grabbed my balls gently, and sometimes they ran their hands up or down my cock. Often these sorts of things were all going on at once.

My nerves were being stimulated so much that my brain was in overload. It took me a while to realise that one of the girls was sucking my cock again, and then it took me even longer to realise that it wasn't a mouth around my cock, it was a pussy. How could I not have realised that was happening?

I briefly wondered about a condom, but I knew that this place was really strict on the safe sex only message. They would do a blow job bareback, but a condom always had to be on for sex. I just couldn't work out when it had been put on me, I simply hadn't noticed.

The girl fucking me must have been really strong and flexible. I hadn't felt her straddle me at all, I couldn't feel her feet or hands either, it was just this pussy slipping up and down my cock. She was only going about half way, and I wasn't feeling any pubic hair or other contact either. There was just this disembodied pussy stroking up and down my cock.

It was amazing.

In the meantime, the other girls were still stroking my body and playing with my balls and gently rubbing my ass as I was getting fucked. My hips began to rise to meet the down strokes of the girl fucking me, but she managed to keep the minimum of contact for a long time. It was exquisitely frustrating. 

Then I had a tit in each hand, but they were different sizes. The one in my right hand was bigger, but the one in my left hand had a much more prominent nipple. I squeezed gently for a while but then everything stopped. The pussy disappeared, as did the tits and all the stroking ceased, all at once. I wanted to howl in frustration as the seconds of sudden emptiness ticked by, feeling like minutes.

Then a hand grabbed my cock and held it up as the pussy returned. But I quickly realised that it was a different pussy. The last one had become really slippery as it fucked my cock, and this one was drier and it grabbed more. The hands returned, and then so did the tits, but now there was a bigger one in my left hand, but they both felt different. Had the two just swapped, or was this two different girls? Had just one swapped? 

I really missed my vision, because things were happening to me that I couldn't clearly understand. I really missed my hearing, because I knew there would be erotic noises. You know, the slapping of flesh, the moans of pleasure and the ragged breathing that accompanies the exertions of sex. I really missed the smells of the aroused women too. I also really missed being able to trace my fingers across their bodies as we coupled. But in the absence of all of these feelings my imagination could go wild. The women could look, sound and smell just how I wanted them to. I had a mostly blank canvas that I could paint exactly as I wanted to. It was a totally new and sensational experience.

I started feeling just the faintest tickle of hair as the girl fucking me got the action going well enough to take almost all of my cock. I was pumping up as she was pushing down, and I was pulling back as she was pulling back up. The pace was fast, but not hectic, and I wondered if I would last long enough to fuck all four of them. I really hoped so, but I could feel my orgasm slowly starting to build. I was so glad for the earlier oral release, it had certainly helped to make this part of the experience last a lot longer.

There was another change of rider, and the accompanying change of tits to feel. I still couldn't clearly identify which ones were which, but I was now beyond caring. The pussy on my cock, the hands on my body and the tits in my hands just all blurred into one massive experience that was completely blowing me away. I had no sense of time, no sense of anything other than the contacts from the women who were combining to provide me with what was by far the most amazing sexual experience of my life.

I was almost there when they swapped again, and I assumed that the fourth one was now straddling me and slowly sinking down my shaft as her pussy adjusted to my thickness. But was this the fourth one? Was it one that I had fucked earlier? I had no idea, but this time I realised they were playing the end game. It started slowly and gently, but soon increased pace. The fucking, the stroking and the squeezing all gradually built up to a frantic pace and then, after an intense fuck, I finally pushed my cock up as hard as I could and I exploded. 

I have never cum so hard in my life, and my orgasm felt like it lasted for about ten minutes. Finally, I collapsed back down and the pussy that I had been buried in, right to the hilt slowly lifted off me as a hand gripped the base of my cock. My whole body was throbbing and tingling and I slowly relaxed as I came down from my incredible climax.

As I relaxed I had a brief vision of that orgasm scene in Scary Movie where the girl is plastered to the ceiling by a massive stream of cum. I certainly hope the other girls were holding onto the girl fucking me as I twisted and writhed in my release because the pressure I suddenly let loose sure felt formidable and she wasn't holding on to me as I jumped around on the end of my restraints like a fucking, bucking bronco.

The hands returned and, as my cock was being wiped clean again, the firm massage strokes on my body and legs resumed and they assisted in my cool down, carefully kneading and soothing my tensed-up muscles and returning me back to state of blissful well being that I had been in before the intense sex session. Slowly my laboured breathing returned to normal and it was sort of like tide receding, taking all of my stress and worry with it. I felt more calm and relaxed than I had been since I was a child.
