 "I'd feel like a whore."

"No you wouldn't!" Stacy replied, her anguish becoming more evident with each new excuse I offered.

A little piece of me wanted to admit being intrigued by her proposal, but the rest of me—the majority—was hesitant. The idea of joining Sensuale, an extremely exclusive club whose members comprised the richest segment of this very rich community, was contrary to my conservative nature.

But she had confirmed every rumor I ever heard about Sensuale: that the members joined in order to have discreet, non-binding relationships; that the club had no single address—rather, members volunteered to hold 'meetings' in their luxurious homes; that the guys were rich, handsome, and horny; and, the babes were, well, babes.

"You know I like older guys," I reminded my best friend.

"I know that," she said, as if I was telling her that her name was Stacy. "You'll have, oh, maybe fifty to choose from at every meeting."

I assumed the number was an exaggeration, but the inference was good enough for me. Still, I found it hard to simply say 'OK'. My insecurity was winning out.

"Tell me again how it works. Becoming a member, I mean."

Stacy settled back on the couch as if preparing to tell a long story. "Well, I took the pictures you gave me and officially put your name up for membership. I think the moment they saw the one of you in nothing but those panties, leaning back on your elbows and your breasts sticking out—you know, the one you use on your Literotica profile—fuck, you were in."

I nodded and smiled. "They said 'Yes' even after seeing my face?"

"Stop it, Jen. You're beautiful and you know it. Anyway, now that you made the first cut, they allowed me to invite you as a guest to one of the meetings. If they like you, you're voted in as a member. You already know you can afford the dues, so there's no reason not to join," Stacy said.

"What are the meetings like?" I asked.

"They are so cool," Stacy said, leaning forward again. "They're parties, of course. Like I said before, the guys are CEO's and company presidents. Most of them are married. They simply can't walk into a bar somewhere and start picking up chicks. They have to be cautious. Sensuale was formed to give them an opportunity to meet people."

Stacy went on. "It grew pretty fast and now a lot of the wives are coming along, looking for their own indulgences in good-looking guys. You'll find every age group from mid-twenties to sixty. You want older guys? We've got older guys."

I reminded Stacy I wasn't looking for a grandfather, just a more mature guy.

"Jennifer, you'll be tripping over them just inside the door. The place is crawling with gorgeous guys."

Her enthusiasm was addictive, but the conservative me was coming out again. "I'm a little scared of the, uh, the sexual nature of it all."

"Listen," Stacy began, obviously intent on convincing me. "The members come because they lead stressful lives and this is a way to relieve the tension. They are beautiful people who simply want to be around other beautiful people for some fun. Should you expect to see some breasts during the night? Yes. Should you expect to see a cock or two? Yes. Can you watch people having sex if you want? Almost every meeting."

My pulse quickened, despite my efforts to control it. "What do you wear when you go?"

Stacy had to know I was leaning towards going when I started asking questions like that. "Most of the women wear stuff they'd never wear in public. I mean, at a company event or whatever it is they do socially. They wear the sexiest thing they own. It's really fun to be able to do that without feeling uncomfortable. If you don't think you own anything that works, we'll buy you something."

She looked at me. "C'mon, Jen. Please say you'll do it."

It wasn't like I was making a life-altering decision or anything, but I still wavered before finally saying, "OK."

Stacy flew across the couch and gave me the best hug I'd had in years.

###

We did, of course, have to go shopping for something 'appropriate'. I'd shopped for something I felt very feminine in before, but never did I go in with the objective of finding something so revealing that it might as well not be there. But in less than an hour I was trying on a dress that draped over my shoulders, was open in the front practically to my navel, and stopped well above the knees.

"Oh my God, Jennifer. That's perfect!" Stacy shrieked when I walked out of the dressing room. I gave her ten seconds to look, then hurried back in before anybody else saw me. I knew I'd buy it when I realized my panties were damp after one last look in the mirror.

With that taken care of, it was just a matter of waiting for the night of my 'introduction' to the members of Sensuale. Being a January meeting, with no major social events in town to conflict with it, Stacy warned me that it might be packed. In addition, it was being held at the mansion of one of the city's most influential CEO's. The place would be swarming with important, horny people.

While not important, I met the other qualification. Stacy was both. A twenty eight year old advertising guru, Stacy shared my age if nothing else. She was brilliant, blonde and busty. She was introduced to Sensuale by an executive she worked with on a project, and was accepted unanimously.

In keeping with the premise of the club, she spoke little of her relationships with the other members. But allusions to some of her exploits were enough to tell me she enjoyed going...immensely.

Meetings were twice a month. Rarely did people go to all of them, so who you would see was always a guessing game, she told me. Occasionally, the meetings had themes—Hawaiian; beach; Halloween; and, the ever-popular 'informal' nights when dressing down was encouraged.

There was no theme the night I was to attend, but Stacy guaranteed me that would not limit my opportunities to have fun. I was a nervous wreck the entire day of my first visit to Sensuale, and my hands trembled as I slid into my dress. I was going to blow it, I just knew it.

Stacy picked me up and we drove towards the party. I was wishing my confidence matched Stacy's excitement. Plus, she looked incredible in her sheer blouse and tight, little skirt. Her bare breasts tried to burst out of the seriously unbuttoned blouse. I was doomed.

Stacy punched a code into the security system at the front of the gated community. The gates swung open and we drove a short way before beginning to see many, many expensive cars parked in the street.

"Wow. This is going to be great!" Stacy exclaimed while finding a spot. "I'm so excited."

"I'm so nervous."

"Oh, c'mon. You'll love this once we get inside," she tried to assure me.

The house hardly fit the definition of a mansion. It was something more...something bigger and more opulent than anything I'd ever seen. From the outside, except for the abundance of cars, you couldn't tell anything was going on. I suspected I'd find out the truth very soon.

Stacy rang the doorbell. We only had to wait a second before the door opened and we were let in by a fifty-something man with graying hair and mustache.

"Good evening, miss. Welcome," he said.

"Thank you, Peter. This is my guest Jennifer."

She motioned to me and Peter took my hand gently. "Welcome. We are very glad to meet you. Please make yourself at home."

"Thank you. I will."

Stacy led me down a long hallway, saying along the way, "He's the greeter wherever we go. It allows the host to mingle. Peter knows us better than anybody. He has to."

The noise in the house increased as we approached the first room off the hallway. It was an old-fashioned library and sitting room, right out of an English mystery novel. Stacy waved and said 'Hi' to a couple occupants, then led me farther on.

She turned into an even larger, more modern looking room. A dozen or so people mingled in groups of two or three. I followed her as heads turned to watch us. As much as I was there to look at the guys, it was the women who got my attention. I saw more skin in that one room than I typically do after an entire day at the beach.

Stacy and I suddenly seemed overdressed. Clearly, I didn't need to worry any longer about the opening in my dress, or how many buttons Stacy had opened. At least she had SOME buttons closed.

Cleavage was obviously promoted and either your dress had to barely cover your ass or your designer jeans had to barely conceal your clit. It took several introductions by Stacy to some of her friends before I got my attention back on the males in the crowd.

And they certainly did get my attention. Every single guy I met was gorgeous, courteous and fit. I'm not into bodybuilders. I just want a guy who's proportioned correctly...even before seeing inside his boxers. Who knew so many good-looking guys even lived in this city, let alone came to things like this?

After a half hour of introductions and two more rooms, Stacy suggested we look for the food. We quickly found it and filled up plates with easy to handle finger food. She led me back into the main living room and we sat on a couch that barely would have fit inside my place.

We had only chatted for a minute or two when a man approached us. I nearly choked on my smoked salmon when I looked up. If I could have described to Stacy the exact size, shape, hair style, eyes, nose and lips of the perfect man, this was him.

He looked at Stacy and said, "Well. Hello again, Stacy. It's great to see you."

Out of the corner of my eye I saw Stacy turn to see who was talking to her. "Jim! Hi! I was hoping you'd be here."

She hastily put her plate down and grabbed my arm. "This is Jen. She's a guest tonight. I really wanted her to meet you."

I certainly hoped so. If Stacy had not introduced me to this guy she would have never again been called my best friend.

"Hello, Jen. I'm Jim."

I took his hand, but never took my eyes off his face. "Hi."

"We were all excited to finally meet you after Stacy brought your name up for membership. I hope you're having fun," he said.

His comment reminded me of the fact most everybody at the party had already seen more of me than I would have preferred, via the pictures Stacy showed them. But if this guy wanted me to have fun, I could live with that.

"Absolutely," I replied. "Everybody's been so nice to me."

"I think you'll find that's pretty much the way we are. You're going to stay around for a while, aren't you?" he asked.

I nodded, but Stacy spoke first. "You better believe it. Jennifer hasn't really gotten a taste of the real party, yet. It's early."

Jim smiled. "I know. Make sure she stays."

They looked at each other knowingly. I just smiled and continued imagining him naked.

"I will. We'll be moving around in a little bit," Stacy said.

"Good. See you then. Nice meeting you, Jen."

"You too, Jim," I managed to say, watching him turn and walk away. Even his butt was perfect.

When he was out of range, Stacy said, "Isn't he cute? He owns one of the biggest trucking firms in the state."

"How old do you think he is?" I said, finishing my food.

"Hmmm. I'd say early fifties."

I nodded. "I think you're right."

Stacy was grinning widely, suspecting I had found somebody who met most of my requirements. What I didn't realize was that she knew things about Jim that I couldn't see.

"So, I take it from what he said that things will liven up a little?" I said.

"Oh, yeah. We didn't buy you that dress to impress ME."

With that, she stood up and told me to follow her. I expected things to heat up quickly.

"We need to find where the action is," Stacy said over her shoulder to me. "We've never had a meeting in this house before so we might have to do some exploring."

The first room we entered only had more beautiful people mingling, so Stacy kept moving. As soon as we left that one and came into the hallway, we both heard a cheer and looked at each other.

It seemed to come from an open doorway leading into the basement. "Down here," Stacy said, leading the way once more.

As we walked down, the noise level increased. To our right was an expansive, dimly lit room. As soon as my eyes adjusted, I could see that it was a multi-media room of some type with two rows of theater-style seats in front of a gigantic screen. A bar lined one wall with stools in front of it. People were everywhere.

"This is more like it," Stacy said with a broad smile.

Then, I paid attention to the screen. It showed a couple fucking on a four-poster bed, the woman on top. As the camera zoomed in, her magnificent breasts bounced in rhythm with her riding of the man's cock.

"Oh, cool. That's Amber Jacobs. She's the wife of one of the original members," Stacy informed me in a hushed voice. "I'll try to see who she's doing."

I could see Stacy squinting at the screen intently. I just watched in amazement. "Damn! That's Tony. Figures."

I didn't ask her to explain. But I did ask, "Is this a video?"

"Hell, no," Stacy said. "It's a live feed. Most of these houses have closed circuit TV. Isn't it neat?"

I nodded, certainly not disagreeing with her so far. I looked around the crowd. That's when I noticed, for the first time, that some of the women were topless, some were down to just their panties, and some of the men were down to boxers. Several couples were in various stages of groping, although I didn't see any actual sex taking place. That was on the screen only.

Tony's hands were now firmly placed on Amber's tits while she played with her clit. Her moans could be heard clearly and it was obvious she was close to cumming. We all watched for another minute or so before finally witnessing Amber's orgasm.

She leaned forward, tilted her head back, and cried out as she climaxed. Yelps of encouragement came from the crowd, both in the theater we were in and from the bedroom Amber and Tony were in.

Then we listened to Tony cum, his condom-covered cock driving into the woman's cunt with renewed force.

I couldn't take my eyes off it. My heart pounded and I didn't know what to look at when Amber began to climb off Tony. I almost felt guilty, as if I had watched something I wasn't supposed to see. Then the screen flickered and a new bedroom came into view.

This time, a man and a woman—both dressed—were standing facing each other. They both appeared to be in their early to mid-forties. The audience was silent for a second, and then the volume rose as they began to identify the people and talk among themselves.

"Want to stay?" Stacy asked.

"Yeah." My eyes were glued to the screen again.

"Want to sit?"

I shook my head. "No. This is fine."

The man was unbuttoning the woman's blouse. The woman stood motionless. When he had it open, his hands moved inside and began caressing her firm breasts. They didn't appear to be nearly as large as Amber's, but still big enough to exceed the size of his hands.

Just as he took off her blouse and I was totally immersed in the scene, two hands slid around my waist from behind. I flinched as the hands almost came together on my stomach and then moved higher.

"I'm glad you stayed," a man's voice spoke softly into my ear.

His fingers touched the opening in the front of my dress, just below my breasts.

"Hello, Jim."

"Hello, Jennifer."

On the screen, the woman had removed the man's shirt and he was leaning in to lick her breasts. Jim slid the fingers of one hand inside my dress and made contact with my left breast. Just as the man we were watching began seriously sucking on the woman's tit, Jim put his palm on my nipple and kneaded my breast gently.

I thought my pussy would explode. I didn't think it was probably a good thing if I came from the simple touch of a man's hand on my breast while watching a couple I didn't know have sex. The members probably expected better of me. So I concentrated on enjoying Jim's touch...but not too much.

"You have a splendid body," he said softly.

His hand was working magic, allowing my nipple to harden while at the same time teasing it just enough to arouse me.

"Thanks," I murmured, my throat dry from excitement.

We watched the couple continue to undress each other, the woman confidently letting the man's pants fall to the floor while he did the same with her skirt. Jim moved his other hand over my right breast and worked on that nipple the same way he had with the other. Now, holding me closer with both hands, I could sense his hardening cock pressing against my ass.

Should I touch him? Do I remain submissive or show some assertiveness?

Stacy was watching both us and the screen at the same time, unable to answer my questions for me. Certainly she knew what to do. Darn.

I decided to stay submissive, unsure how much longer I could go without grabbing the cock behind me. As the couple in the bedroom kissed passionately and fondled each other, Jim pulled my dress apart until the straps were sliding down my arms.

'Oh, fuck!', I thought to myself. He's taking it off, right here in this room with all these people around. I wished it was pitch black instead of dimly lit as I felt the dress slide away from my breasts.

What I hadn't noticed between watching the screen and having Jim behind me was that very few people in the room were fully clothed. Stacy might have been an exception, but I saw here chatting with a guy and moving off toward a corner of the room. Maybe she was next.

My dress collected at my waist and hung there, only because Jim was pushing his cock against me heard enough to prevent the dress from completely falling off. Then his hands returned their attention to my tits.

"Are you OK?" Jim asked me.

I appreciated his concern, but really wanted to say, 'Hell, yes. Now fuck me.' Instead, I said, "I'm very fine. Don't stop, please."

With that, he pulled back and let my dress fall to the floor. I should have been expecting it, but panicked all the same at the realization I was one small piece of clothing away from being naked in public. And God, was I horny.

That was my excuse, anyway, for reaching back and placing my hand on Jim's crotch. The couple on the screen were naked, climbing into a nearby bed. The man's cock was sticking out like a pole and I wanted one of my own.

My fingers slid up and down the outline of Jim's cock as he pulled on my nipples.

"Does it make you horny—watching other people have sex?"

I could hardly talk. I nodded. "Yes."

"Then you'll enjoy Sensuale," Jim said.

"I already do."

His hand slid inside my tiny panties. He purposely avoided my pussy and clit, eventually sliding his hand around to my ass. I could feel the back of his hand on the back of mine, which was tightly gripping his cock through his pants. He squeezed my cheek; I rubbed his cock.

I no longer had to watch the screen to get turned on. In the seats ahead of us, a woman was sitting on a man's lap, facing him, with her top off. Against the wall to our left, a woman was dangerously close to taking an erect man into her mouth. Meanwhile, I was sure somebody in the room had to be watching Jim once again put his hand between my legs.

He didn't even attempt to avoid my pussy this time. His fingers probed my wet hole and rubbed my throbbing clit. I stifled a moan, much better than the woman on the bed, who was getting drilled by the huge cock I saw earlier. I tried not to watch, knowing any more stimulation would put me over the edge.

I leaned back onto Jim's shoulder. "You're going to make me cum soon."

"Do you want to find a room?"

"As long as there's no camera," I said.

"We'll find one. C'mon. Put your dress over there behind the bar," he said, pointing. "People know not to touch stuff laying around so the owner can find it later."

I was grateful for the system in place, but very self-conscious as I began to move about in nothing but panties. After putting the dress in its place, Jim and I began to walk out. Just as we approached the steps, I looked back and saw Stacy in the process of pulling down the pants of her fine looking companion.
