 Chapter 16 - Relationship Decisions

"What are you going to do about Roger and Mike?" Edie asked Amber as they lounged around their condo's living room in sexy t-shirts and not much else. "You going to alternate weekends with them or weekend days? Neither one is going to be happy with that, you know. What'll you do about other business? You have to keep marketing yourself."

"You're just full of questions," Amber replied. "Last couple first; yes, I'll keep marketing and working as an escort. I talked to both men about that, and they both seem to like the idea of me fucking around with other men. Mike admits to some cuckold tendencies and a leaning towards masochism because he wants to have me tell him about it or even show him pictures as I did on my long trip.

"As to the implication that I will choose one man over the other – Mike over Roger or vice versa – I can't decide. I don't even have an idea of how to manage the situation. Every idea I think of has something wrong with it. Alternating is one approach, but I think I'll just let things unfold naturally. Mike's down here a lot for business during the week, so I could maybe see both men in a single week."

Kat shook her head, "You're walking through a field full of land mines. You could lose both men."

Amber sighed, "I know. I'm very aware of that possibility. I'm almost twenty-four so I still have some time to keep fishing if that happens. We do meet a lot of men in this business."

"Frogs!" Kat stated.

"Frogs?" Amber asked.

"Yes. We have to kiss a lot of frogs to find a prince." She suddenly grinned. "Hey, Mike and I had fun a couple of times while you were gone a travelin'. Maybe I should go with you on a 'date' with Roger, and we can both broaden HIS horizons about life so he's not so hung up on owning you exclusively."

Amber smiled, "I'd like that. He tolerated Maurice when we were in Paris and I got DPed; that was my idea. He liked Nurul and Vina, so he'd probably enjoy another nice Caucasian girl fucking his ever lovin' brains out along with his girlfriend. Next visit he makes, I'll try to make it happen."

Edie popped up, "Oh, include me in that romp. I watched your videos and that man is a turn-on. Of course, I'm also thinking of the quarter of a mil that you made." She rubbed her hands together in a lecherous manner.

Amber teased, "And Martin isn't a turn-on?"

"Martin's not hung up right now on exclusivity or monogamy, plus he's kind of like Brad and Mike in terms of wanting to occasionally get on the bus to Cuckoldsville. Amber, I want to borrow your audio-visual gear and film myself with a couple of 'dates' and show them to Martin to see how he responds. Your pictures and videos about turned Mike into a blithering idiot, at least sexually. I'm curious if Martin is of the same ilk in this regard. If he is, I have a whole new way to tease and arouse him."

"At your disposal, anytime you need them."

Kat said, "I think you should keep doing your movies and pictures, Amber; only this time send them to both Roger and Mike. Roger was never on the receiving end of things. I bet that'd shake up his world. You might learn a few things about him in the process that might help you decide."

Edie said, "Why don't we start now?"

"Some sapphic photos?" Amber asked.

Kat peeled her long t-shirt over her head, followed by Edie. Amber was next as she got in the spirit of a sexual romp with her roommates.

Mike was sitting at his desk working on a large spreadsheet in Excel when his phone beeped to indicate a text message. He glanced at the screen and saw the message was from Amber. He opened the message and there was a photo of Amber's face smiling up from between Kat's moist pussy. She'd been eating out her friend. Edie's pussy was posed strategically right next to Kat's.

Mike's groan could be heard out in the office hallway.

Several hundred miles away, Roger's phone vibrated in his pocket. He was in a meeting with the programming managers in his company, deciding on resource assignments to make upgrades and customer requests in the enterprise software packages.

Roger glanced surreptitiously at the phone, saw Amber's message line,  'Dining at the Y',  and opened the text message. His eyes flared and his cock got a nearly instant erection that he tried to hide under the table instead of leaning back as he had been. He studied the phone again looking at the detail of Amber's wet face and the pussy in front of her. He stopped, but not before the man on his right also got a glance at the screen. Aware that his message had been seen, he jammed the phone in his pocket and gave the man a look that dared him to say anything. He tried to get his head back into the meeting, because in a glance he had been yanked to some faraway place.

Both men called Amber later in the day to comment about the 'lovely' and 'sexy' text message, emphasizing how much they liked the subject material. Roger guessed correctly who the other participants were.

Wednesday evening, Amber had a 'date' and after getting permission with a promise to share the photo with the man, had him take a shot with her iPhone of his cock buried in her hot little cunt as she lay on her back and squeezed her tits together with a grin. The man took several pictures after that as they moved around and changed positions on his hotel bed.

Mike and Roger got duplicate texts about ninety minutes later as they were turning in. The title of the several attached photos was,  'Pleasant working conditions.'  A second photo of Amber curled up in an obvious orgasm and leaking cum plus a cock wet with her juices hovering nearby had been entitled,  'End of a nice date.'  Both men stroked off looking at the pictures.

