 Chapter 20 - Sharing and Growth

"OH, FUCK, THIS FEELS SOOOOO GOOD!" Samantha's body lay against Wick's chest with his cock surging in and out of her body; he kept sucking on her tits keeping them enflamed with passion and lust. Flynn's long shaft pumped into her ass as she lay forward on Wick. Her mouth was suctioned onto Amber's messy cunt, sucking other men's cum from the drippy vagina as Amber sat atop the sofa with her legs straddling Wick's upper body. She was spread eagled so Sam could munch and lick her nether region.

On the other side of the room in a cushioned chair Jonathan sat with his cock embedded deep inside Kat's hot love box. They were both spent - an orgasm each, and both were covered in body fluids, but not necessarily theirs. Kat had straddled the man, finally taking pity on how Samantha was treating him. 

Kat teased, "I guess that shows you how wrong you were about your fiancée's attitude about sex."

"God, yes. I'll never take her for granted again, if she'll even consider marrying me. I want her. I love her. I'll want her to do things like this, and if she's serious about becoming an escort or working with you guys, so much the better. Whatever she wants."

Kat laughed, "You're pussy whipped already."

Jon chuckled too, "I guess you're right. Look at her; she's so thoroughly fucked, it's beyond description. She's been at this for twenty-four hours. She's having a ball, and yes, I know part of it is revenge and 'I told you so' motivation. I bet she's had fifty orgasms."

Samantha's voice carried across the luxurious bedroom, "Seventy-one, but who's counting - that's almost an average of three per man." She latched back onto Amber's quim, squirreling her tongue deep into her slit. Amber was leaking the cum from at least ten other men, but Sam didn't care. She was, too. She wanted to please her new friend. Sam's head slammed back a couple of minutes later, "Oh, fuck ... make that seventy-two." Kat and Jon could see Sam's whole body quaking in the aftershocks of another satisfying orgasm.

Flynn pulled out of her gaping ass quickly being replaced by another partygoer who'd been waiting near the door for another piece of the bride-to-be. The new man, obviously a friend, turned to Jonathan, "God, your fiancée is such a hot piece of ass. I hope you both continue to hold parties like this after you're married. My Margie and I would love to come to them. I should have brought her tonight; she'll be so bummed out when I tell her about all this." He shot into her ass, pulled out, and walked away. Another man who'd been standing by the door strolled up to Samantha.

Wick pleaded, "Samantha, I can't do it. I'm just not going to cum again. We've got to stop. You've worn my pecker down to a little nub." There were similar comments from the men standing around in the room.

Sam rolled to her side on the bed, leaving a trail of semen behind her. "Anybody else want a go at me?" She looked disappointed when no one stepped forward. She opined, "Seventy two it is then. Wow! A new personal record I may never break again - this week."

Amber, Kat, Melody, and Crystal drifted away to find someplace to sleep. Each girl had adopted a protector for the night: Kat with Mark Hanley; Crystal with Steve; Melody with Flynn; and Amber with Wick. Some of the women had hoped for some overnight action, but the five women had rendered every man impotent and needing to recover for some period of time.

Samantha went and stood in front of her fiancé, "So, come to bed, Jonathan. We'll talk tomorrow." Jonathan moved to the bed, tossing aside the towels that prevented a wet spot on the sheets, and then pulled Sam in despite her disheveled and unkempt appearance and the sexual feats he'd watched her perform. She still had wet cum various places on her body and a steady stream oozed from her nether region.

Amber was the first awake in the house on Saturday morning. She found the makings for coffee in the kitchen and made an urn full, knowing there'd be lots of takers given the number of men and women that stayed over. She prowled around the downstairs naked, hoping to set the tone for the rest of the day.

Samantha found her. She'd barely slept thinking about the evening before. She'd never, by a long shot, been such a slut. She wasn't even sure she could look herself in the mirror, let alone the rest of the men who'd soon show up. She'd drunk too much, too. She was wearing one of the men's t-shirts but still showed many signs of the sexual evening she'd amassed the night before.

"You're naked!" Sam said, surprised at Amber's lack of modesty.

"I like to be nude. I guess I'm a nudist at heart. Besides, if any of the guys want to paw me or fuck me, I want to be ready." She giggled softly.

"How can you be so free and open about sex?"

Amber looked at her, "I didn't like the alternatives: uptight, secretive, denying myself pleasure, denying someone I like pleasure. You were pretty free and open last night; are you putting that all behind you now and becoming a puritan again?"

Sam sat, "I don't know. I've never had such a night. I was a genuine slut to an extreme. I don't know whether my engagement survived, whether I'll get married, or whether any of the men I fucked will want to have anything to do with me other than want another round."

Amber chuckled, "Wrong approach, and such a downer. You're obviously judging yourself by some standard that you put aside last night. Don't use it again, and be positive. Say 'Yes, I will be getting married to Jonathan next weekend; the two of us knocked down a whole lot of barriers to us having a deep and meaningful marriage and a fabulous sex life last night. I intentionally plan to be a slut. Further, I cemented my own relationship with Jonathan's friends, so they will be my friends and fuck buddies for the rest of time.' Of course, you have the choice as to whether you want to keep fucking them or not."

"But those that stayed over will be coming here soon for coffee. What do I say to them?"

"Take the t-shirt off and give them a kiss that'll knock their socks off. They're all going off to start a mid-morning golf game. We can talk more then. You set the tone with them. If you act all pissed at yourself and them for fucking you, guess what you'll get?"

"Nothing good, I suppose." Samantha sounded resigned.

"Correct. People will respond the way you want them to, but you have to show them what that is and tell them how to feel about what happened. Hell, they're probably worried about facing you - Jon's fiancée; they fucked you and will wonder if you'll ever again talk to them. You define how you want everyone to remember last night. Tell them it was the best night of your life, and you want to be sure they also feel that way too. It'll move their thinking to where you want it to be."

"What about Jonathan? What should I do?"

"Love him. When you came around the house last night, just before you saw him fucking Crystal, what were you thinking or intending to do?"

"Give him a hug and kiss, and tell him to have fun the rest of the weekend with his friends. I wanted to show him I cared. I didn't know you and your friends had been engaged as entertainment. I really thought it was a guys' weekend." She paused and asked, "Do you mind if I ask what they're paying you?"

Amber knew the reaction she'd get, "The four of us will get about twenty-five thousand for about forty hours of being willing companions to twenty-five men. We're a bargain at that price too."

Sam's eyes flared, "Holy shit! I am definitely in the wrong fucking business. That's half of what I make in a year."

"The deal was a minimum of twenty-eight-hundred per girl per night. That's pretty standard for upscale escorts with that many men, and that's our market niche. We also expect a handsome tip to go with that unless something bad happens in some way."

"Market niche? You sound like someone with an MBA degree."

Amber smiled, "I just got mine last May; Kat too, and another girl with us named Edie who couldn't come with us this weekend due to other commitments. Crystal and Melody will be seniors at the university starting in the fall."

"You have a business doing this, I mean more formally, and you have all this education?"

"We call it Sensations Escort Service or SES. The SEX part of it is implied. A few of our 'dates' though are non-sexual."

"Crystal said most of you have boyfriends."

"We do. My guy is named Mike. He loves that I'm an escort. I tell him lots of lurid details about my 'dates' - especially the sex. It makes me get more creative too because I want to have a good story to tell him. When I do that, I push my own boundaries fairly often, and that ultimately gives me both sexual and intellectual pleasure. We also share another woman who's not an escort."

"What do I say to Jonathan?"

"In anger at him, you mean?"

"No, I mean about 'us' for the future."

"I'd tell him that last night you both realized you had sides to your lives you'd never shown the other, but it was high time that happened. Then, I'd tell him what you want the short- and long-term future to be with him."

"Give me an example."

Amber role-played, "Short term, Jon, I want an open marriage. You and I can both fuck anybody we want, any time, anywhere, and any way we choose. We may even do it together. We will be open about that with each other, sharing the details. No secrets. We won't fall in love those other people, although we might like them a lot. We may even invite one or two of them into a living arrangement with us from time to time.

"In the long term, I want to become a doting mother and grandmother, and I want you, Jon, by my side everyday. I want us to grow together, fall deeper in love together, and to learn more and more about each other and how to bring pleasure to each other. I am not locked into a monogamous or exclusive marriage, but I am locked into a loving and caring relationship with you."

Sam thought about what Amber had just said. She said, "You are such a sage. I really do want you as my friend and confidant. I need you in that role. You, Crystal, and the other girls have really opened my eyes. I'm not sure I ever learned so much about myself in such a short period of time."

We heard a couple of male voices elsewhere in the house, heading towards the kitchen. Sam stood and pulled off her t-shirt, so she was naked again. She gave Amber a sheepish grin.

Wick and a guy named Chad came into the kitchen. Sam went to Wick and plastered her body against him. "Good morning, Wick." She gave him a deep kiss that truly left him breathless, and then repeated the gesture on Chad. Amber gave similar welcomes. Both men were only wearing boxers, and quickly developed hard-ons that were difficult to hide in their colorful shorts.

Sam said, "I had such fun with each of you last night. I hope we can continue later and that you got as much pleasure from me as I did with you. No need for embarrassment, right?"

Amber got each man a mug of coffee and pointed to the table where there were sugar and milk. She heard the start of some comfortable dialog about the previous evening and the rest of the party.

