 Chapter 17 - Double Date

Kat stood in the living room looking at her roommates and their two new friends, Crystal and Melody. "Brad just called. He's coming down on Friday afternoon for the weekend with me. I had a 'date' that I need to handoff to one of you. Any interest?"

Melody shook her head, "I'm already booked out with Sean."

Crystal asked, "Who's the 'date' and what's he like?"

Kat responded, "His name is Ken Seaton. He told me he's a cowboy, about forty, fit, and admitted to being in an open marriage, but we know that old line. He wasn't sure whether his wife would be coming on the trip, but said that either way he wanted companionship with a young woman. If wifey comes with him, she'll be part of the sex games I imagine."

Crystal said, "He knows the rates?"

"He even volunteered to wire money to my account ahead of time. I think he's played this game before. He is partial to blondes, so Crystal you'd be ideal to replace me. He found us on the Internet.

"I vetted him and he appears to be who he says he is - more, in fact. I think he owns like half of Oklahoma. He's oil and not cows or steers or whatever they are. He inherited his wealth from his father who died at an early age. After college, his father had insisted he work his way up from the bottom, so he's been a roustabout, worked at one of the refineries, and had just started working in the financial side of the business when his father passed. He married his high school sweetheart - socialite Meg Seaton, but my underground sources tell me she's quite the hot number around Tulsa."

Edie asked, "Who are your 'underground sources'?"

Kat laughed, "I asked Kir - Mike's stepmom. She had him as a client a couple of years ago, and said he was a nice guy that seemed to be struggling to pickup the reins of the business and keep it solvent in the face of all the wild swings in the price of crude oil."

"I'll do it," Crystal said. She turned to Kat, "What are you and Brad doing?"

"Not sure. If you need help, call me. Maybe we'll piece together some kind of sex party, especially if his wife Meg comes with him. The two of us can take on the three of them."

Crystal grinned, "Oh, boy. Another opportunity to excel at eating pussy."

The group laughed.

Crystal asked, "More seriously, I've only been with single guys on my 'dates'. What do you do when one of them has a wife? I don't want to get my eyes scratched out by a jealous spouse."

Kat said, "After you've done all the niceties of meeting each other, watch the chemistry between the pair. Who's dominant or controlling? Maybe ask Meg to go the ladies room with you during your dinner, and then explain that you don't want to do anything to piss her off. Ask her whether there are boundaries and whether she wants to interact with you or just watch you with her husband. A few questions like that and you'll know much better how to proceed.

"Of course, if some unpredictable situation emerges you can always ask at the time. 'May I lick your pussy?' 'He's about to blow; can I direct his cum on your tits?' 'Is it all right if he fucks my ass?' You get the idea."

Edie stepped in, "If this woman shows up, I'd play to her in an equal amount to her husband. Don't direct all your energy to him. Tease her too. You're pretty. I bet she likes to eat young pussy, and play with someone that's cute and desirable. Make yourself available to both of them, and take a few of your toys - vibrators, dildos, and such. Use them on her or let her use them on you."

"I'm wet just thinking about it," Crystal admitted as she made a show of rubbing her legs together with a hand between her legs in a sexy way as though she was jilling.

Late Friday afternoon Crystal rode in Kat's little Porsche over to the new Westin hotel so they could each meet their 'dates.' In Crystal's case it was Ken and Meg Seaton, and for Kat it was her boyfriend Brad Turner. They both expected to be busy until Monday morning, and Kat knew from experience that at least Brad always arrived hot and horny and ready to fuck for hours. If the past was prelude they'd eat in the hotel so they weren't too far from the bed, maybe even invoking room service and only donning robes to eat unless Brad wanted to perv out by watching her eat nude, as he often requested.

Kat greeted Brad at the door to his one-bedroom suite with a full-body hug and passionate kiss; just the kind she knew turned him on. She was turned on too, and wet from thinking of all the sex they'd be having over the weekend.

Kat looked at her man, "Hello, you darling man. I've missed you."

"Not as much as I've missed you," Brad said between kisses on her neck and some nibbling of her earlobes to turn her on. "I can't wait to get you in bed."

"Then don't," Kat teased. She started to unbutton his shirt, as he pulled her blouse from being tucked into her skinny jeans. The kisses extended to new parts of each other's bodies as the pile of clothing on the suite's chair grew.

"Here or the bedroom?" Brad asked.

"Oh, the bedroom is so far away," Kat teased. "Let's just use the sofa and see what that's like."

Seconds later as Kat lay back and welcomed him, Brad sank his steely shaft deep into her wet box as she moaned into her first of many orgasms. She loved Brad, and one thing she knew from experience was that he could turn her on like no one else, even to the extent that she would orgasm with his initial simple penetration. After that, every nerve, muscle, and sinew of her sexual region was so sensitized to the cock inside her that she'd have repeat climaxes of varying magnitude until he jettisoned his load deep inside her. That day was no exception.

Down the same hallway a few minutes earlier, a pretty young woman knocked on one of the doors. "Hi, Mr. Seaton. I'm Crystal, you 'date' for the weekend. I hope I meet with your approval."

Ken Seaton looked at Crystal from head to foot and back again. The look was critical and lusty. He knew what he liked and he liked what he saw. Crystal wore a boldly colored summery frock with a wide black belt to emphasize her narrow waist and amplify her lovely breasts. She had matching Ferragamo heels, and Gucci shoulder bag packed with necessities and a few things for fun and games later.

"Call me Ken, and please come in and meet Meg. We're going to have a fun weekend, if you're up for it."

