 To read the beginning of this adventure, come and read Sergeant Sebastian's Vacation.

************

The evening turned out to clear and beautiful after the afternoon rain storm. The moonlight was bright as Sebastian and Sheronda went for a walk on the nude beach. They discovered a few couples in various stages of nakedness around a fire. They joined the other couples, who were singing fun songs and having a Luau with shrimp, lobster, crabs and whatever other fish was the catch of the day. Plus, there was also poi, taro bread, Polynesian style barbeque chicken, ribs, pit pig (aka boar), and fresh fruit.

Sheronda went for a dip in the ocean to wash off the dust and dirt that had accumulated on their walk to the beach. After coming out of the water, she went over to get several plates of shrimp, lobster, fresh fruit, and a couple of other appetizing things to eat. Sebastian joined her at the food tables and got them beer and diet soda to drink, plus some cocktail sauce.

Putting the plates on the blanket, Sheronda made herself comfortable by lying down. Once she was settled, she started to pour the cocktail sauce on her belly, then put the shrimp and lobster in the sauce. Sebastian joined in on decorating her breasts with small pieces of the watermelon, cantaloupe, star fruit, papayas, mangos, kiwi, pomegranates and pineapples.

The others stopped eating and chatting to watch them decorating her body with food. Several of the men's cocks became stiff when Sebastian took a piece of shrimp, placed it between his teeth and bent over to offer Sheronda a nibble. She bite into the shrimp as their lips met for a delicious kiss.

"Tasty, my pet, very tasty," Sebastian said, placing a piece of lobster in her mouth. They continued to feed each other until all the seafood was gone. After the seafood disappeared, his playful tongue tickled her, as he licked off the sauce and whatever food was left on her belly. After that they started in on the fruit pieces.

Sheronda was able to pick up a piece of the vanishing fruit to place in his mouth, but he wanted more than just the fruit. He pushed her fingers further into his mouth to suck on them. Little by little, the fruit disappeared leaving the fruit juices coating her breasts, which Sebastian did not waste. Lying down on his side, he licked her breasts clean. His teeth brushed against her nipples before he took a little naughty bite in the process of cleaning off her breasts. This shot a tingling feeling through her nipples, which sent an exciting and wanton desire coursing through her body.

The other couples seeing the fun they were having, got up to strip out of what little clothing they had on. They all ran into the ocean to wash up, before beginning their own food fun and sex.

Everyone started to laugh lightheartedly, moan and writhe in the sexual pleasure of enjoying their naughty food play. After all, our mothers did teach us not to play with our food. This playfulness led to more sinful delights for each of the couples. The women were coating cocks with barbeque or cocktail sauce or decorating them with fruit. Some partners poured wine, beer, juice or soda over the more intimate parts. Others decorated their partners with food and ate greedily off their bodies, with each licking and sucking on every possible intimate body part. All of the cocks were engorged and rigid. The women were caught up in total bliss writhing in the sensual delights. Sexual sensuality permeated the air surrounding the crowd.

Amy, a large woman, covered her husband David's long, thick cock in mango juices to give him the blowjob of a lifetime. He just leaned back, enjoying Amy's playful nature with the fruit juices. These were causing him to become very sensual. Moans could be heard from both of them as she slowly slid her mouth up and down, taking in the tiny bits of fruit and the flavor of its juices. David's cock was getting rock hard as her hand slowly caressed his balls along with the rhythm of her mouth. Amy was enjoying the pleasure of sucking his cock in this new way. It was delightful to taste the mixture of his cum with the fruit juices. Gradually, he got into the sexual pleasures, shifting them into the sixty-nine position to get some of the same delights his wife was having. They continued this way until he could on longer stand the intensity of desire of wanting to get his cock inside of his wife's pleasure cavern. It only took a few moments in each others embrace before they exploded simultaneously.

One free-spirited Nigerian couple went for the potato salad. Emerson plastered the tasty cool salad all over his lady's ample breasts, before nibbling it off. NyAshia never took her eyes off his tongue as her hot slippery love canal danced upon his hard dark cock. He enjoyed the contrast of the salad's light color on her dark skin made him hotter. Being so hot, his erection shot up inside of his wife making her jerk in sexual passion. Emerson's tongue made circles over her very erect and hard nipples. As his tongue danced over her skin, she danced on his cock, moving up, down and sideways. This continued with her breasts bouncing into his face, until they both orgasmed. As they came down from their sexual high, she began to lick the salad off his face. She nibbled at his cheeks and planted a kiss on his scrumptious lips.

There was a mixed group of five individuals of fifty plus years. The single gentleman, Oskar, with graying brown hair, was laid out on the blanket and then covered with food by his four friends. Being ticklish, every time someone took a piece of food off him or licked him, he laughed causing the food to jiggle and shift on his skin. The two women played with his nipples as they licked them for all the tasty juices that had worked their way into his grayish chest hair. The other two men sat back drinking their beers and watching their wives teasing him. The two women nibbled their way down to his semi-erect cock. They teased him by licking the sides of his rod before their lips met in a kiss on his tip, which was already dripping with precum.

As the women played, the other two men joined in, licking their wives' exposed, succulent female petals. This led to an impromptu orgy on the beach for this group. The men licking and sucking on the ladies' sensuous parts and the women both reaching for a cock or a set of balls to lick and suck on.

With all the juices having been licked off, the group shifted their positions. Smearing a new round of mixed fruit nectar on each other's bodies, Dayanne, the cascading blonde beauty, laid down in front of her husband, Jakob. He had strong shoulders and arms to shift her into a position that made it easy for him to begin licking her pussy. With her legs spread open and over his shoulders, his tongue toyed with her pussy getting the fruit juices mixed in with her sweet cherry juices. Her inflated clit presented itself to him as a delicate offering of love, which he eagerly accepted. He moaned in glee at this new sweetness that he had never tasted before.

Oskar watched as Dayanne's body started to stir from the sensations building inside of her. He wanted to take full advantage of her mouth by feeding his long hard cock to her. Impassioned by such intense clit stimulation from Jakob, her desire was to suck on her single male friend's fingers, but good fortune gave her a hard cock.

Dayanne began to suck on the fruit flavored meat lollipop harder than she had ever before. She wanted more and grabbed his cock, pulling him deeper and deeper into her mouth. Oskar could not believe how astonishingly wonderful it felt sliding in and out of her vacuuming mouth.

Each of Oskar's strokes became more and more determined. The sensations rocked him from the tip of his cock to his sexual core. He shifted his position to get closer to her wonderfully talented mouth. He got on his knees above her and began to fuck Dayanne's mouth like a pussy. Her eyes were wide as she began to wonder if she could handle his deep thrusts, but then she started to gag. He fucked her like he never face fucked anyone before. She managed to endure his thrusting until he exploded in her mouth. His cum came spilling from the corners of her mouth.

Síle, the curly red headed woman moved over to lick up the overflowing juices as he finished releasing his seed. Finishing up on the Dayanne's cheeks, she stuck her tongue out as Oskar pulled out of Dayanne's mouth. She was rewarded with the last drops of cum dripping onto her tongue. The inside of her mouth became coated with his cum as a puddle formed on her tongue. As the last of his cum slid down her throat, she had a wry smile on her face as she swallowed it and softly savored the end of his cock. She licked the end of his cock until every last drop was drained.

As Síle finished swallowing the last of his cum, her attention was drawn to Günther who was banging her from behind. He had become more turned on when his date moved over to lick his sister's face clean of the other man's cum. His hands were firmly on her hips as he pulled her dark cavern tighter on to his rod. He rocked her harder and faster with his growing excitement. At the same time he was embedded between her soft globes in her dark brown cavern, several of his fingers toyed with her pussy's wet exposed clit. He was able to ride her quickly all the way to completion.

The chorus of their moans and grunts of pleasure was audible along the dark beach, lit only by the flickering light of a dying fire.

**********

I hope you have read the Sergeant Sebastian story.

There is more to come for this couple Sergeant Sebastian and Sheronda, not to mention that bastard Master Bryon, and Sabrina.

**********

I would like to thank my friend Tobbarenaked for helping with the beach scene and other little things that he has done to help me with my writing.

*************

I would like to thank all my editors for helping with this story. Having an editor for grammar, plot and other details is great, but having a beta reader editor was wonderful. She has a habit of asking silly questions that make you think twice about one's story line.

This is the first contest on Literotica that I have entered, I and hope you have enjoyed reading my little story. Please leave your comment below, vote or send me your comments about the story. I will answer those with return email addresses.

Copyright © 2006