 My boss came in one day and told me that I still had three days of vacation left from last year, which I had to use up within a month, otherwise I'd lose it. That surprised me, because I thought I had used up all my vacation when my wife Gina and I went to Hawaii last year. Apparently not. My boss asked me when I wanted to take the time off. Well, it was already the middle of March, and I had not done my taxes yet. And I had no intention of using my vacation doing taxes. I asked him if he would let me take the three days off after the tax deadline, even though it would be after the cutoff date for taking vacation. He agreed.

I told Gina when I got home about the extra vacation time. She was thrilled, and started talking excitedly about all the nice places we could go to. Just then, Julie returned from school, and asked what all the excitement was about. Julie was a young woman living with us as a paying guest, and going to school at a nearby University. She was about 30, and very beautiful. 

When Gina told her about my unexpected time off in April, Julie suggested that at that time of the year, the Sequoia National Park would be a great place for us to go. She had been there a couple of years earlier with some friends, and recommended it highly. Gina asked her if she would like to join us, and Julie agreed. I was thrilled, because I had a feeling it would be one heck of an adventurous trip for all of us. And so it was. The Park is only about 4-5 hours from Los Angeles. Gina reserved a single cabin with two beds and an attached bath. We arrived in the evening. Because of the tall trees, it was already getting dark on the roads, even though it was only 6 p.m. We drove up to our cabin and got busy settling down. We were planning to spend two nights and three days at the Park. There were two full size beds next to each other, with a small night table in between. Julie looked at us with hesitation, and said, "May be I should see if they have another cabin available nearby. I don't want to crowd you guys."

Gina put her arms around Julie, and said, "Nonsense. The whole idea of coming here was to be together, Julie. Don't even think about finding another cabin. I think we are going to have a great time in this beautiful park, and I want you to feel as much a part of us as we do."

Julie looked at me. I smiled at her, and said, "Gina is right, Julie. Don't feel so uncomfortable, please. We want you to feel like family, because that's how Gina and I feel about you."

Julie seemed relieved, but still a bit tense. Gina put her arms around her and hugged her tightly. "Julie, I love you like my sister. You know Sam loves you, too. You shouldn't worry, after all the fun we have had at home, Julie. We'll have a good time, I promise."

Julie nodded, and gave me a tentative smile. I put my arms around them both, and kissed Julie on the cheek. She relaxed and said, "Okay, guys. I don't mind. But promise me that if you feel my being in the same room makes you uncomfortable later on, you will tell me."

"Okay, I'll tell you, Gina said, "But that's irrelevant, because we want you to be with us. I know what you are thinking. While we are here at the park, we are going to share everything, and I mean everything. Do you want me to spell it out more?"

Julie blushed and shook her head. 

Let me give you some background about our friend Julie, to put the rest of the story in perspective. When she first came to live with us, I was not sure it was a good idea, because she was a true california beauty, really gorgeous, with a very sexy but subdued appearance. I felt that I would have a tough time keeping my amorous attention entirely focused on my wife whom I loved very much, and also that Julie's being around us all the time would crimp my style as well. But Gina assured me that everything would be okay. She had met Julie through a common friend, an older woman who was into Eastern philosophy and had assured my wife that Julie was a spiritual being, and would not be a problem. So I agreed. But as the days went on, I found my self being attracted to her, and getting caught in embarrassing moments of obvious arousal when I was around her. Gina noticed it and teased me about it. She and Julie often giggled at my discomfort. Slowly I got used to the situation, and felt comfortable enough to flaunt my hard-on without being very subtle about it whenever we were relaxing after dinner. So here we were, some eight months later, at the Sequoia Natinal Park, about to share a cabin for a few nights.

As soon as we finished unpacking our stuff, we walked back to the restaurant which was located next to the main office and Visitor Center. Julie was quiet during dinner, but perked up at the end. We walked back to the cabin hand in hand. I had my arms around both of them, and we were all in high spirits. When we reached the cabin, Julie stopped in front of me, and put her arms on my shoulders.

"Sam, thank you for cheering me up. You don't realize what being in the same room with you at night does to me."

"But I do, Julie, because I know I get the hots for you. Gina knows it, too. Right, Gina?"

"Sure I know. You should hear him talk about you."

Julie looked at me. I kissed her on the cheek and said, "We'll have a great time together, you, me and Gina."

She eased out of my arms and turned to go in the cabin. Gina and I followed her. Julie went to the bathroom to change and get ready for bed. 

I looked at Gina and said, "I hope Julie is okay with this arrangement, Gina."

"Don't worry about her, Sam," Gina said. She looked at me intently. "Something is bothering you, and it's not Julie. What is it, Sam?"

"What are you talking about?" I asked, not quite sure what she had in mind.

"Yes, you do. Come on. Level with me."

I thought about it for a while. Gina was right. I had a tinge of guilt about the whole thing, because I would be getting all the benefit of having sex with the two sexy women, while Gina could only have me. I looked at her. She was waiting for me to say something.

"Well, it's just that I feel I am having all the fun, and you are missing out on it."

"I am not. What are you talking about? We have enjoyed this thing with Julie together, haven't we?"

"Yes, but I have the two of you to fuck, and you only have me."

"Not necessarily. Julie and I get it on sometimes."

"It's not the same thing, Gina. You know what I am taking about."

"Are you feeling guilty because I haven't slept with another man? Is that it?"

"Yeah, if that's the way you want to put it."

"What other way is there? You are feeling guilty because you get to fuck two women, and I only get to fuck you, don't worry. You satisfy me completely, Sam. But I love you for being so sensitive to me."

"I know. But I want you to have as much fun as I am having, thanks to your open-mindedness about Julie."

"This is really bothering you, isn't it?" Gina came into my arms, and kissed me on the lips. "I love you, Sam. I am really touched by your sense of fairness, and your concern for my happiness. All right. If I see a good looking hunk, and if he looks like a nice, clean and healthy specimen, I will make out with him, as I let you do it with Julie."

"Okay. I feel better now. Are you attracted to anyone?"

"No, not really. To tell you the truth, I haven't much thought about it, thanks to you. But I want to experiment now."

Gina rubbed her hand on my hardness, and said, "You are hard. Do you want to fuck now?"

I shook my head. "You are a hot babe, Gina. Just being close to you makes me hard. But not right now. I want to fuck you tonight. Having Julie in the same room and watching us will make it so exciting for me that I hope I will last long enough for you."

"You will, my stallion. Julie and I will help you stay hard. Here she comes."

Julie returned from the bathroom wearing a semi-transparent nightie which revealed her nice figure. I could see the outline of the white panty underneath, and shape of her firm breasts, which were free of the confinement of the bra. "Thanks for letting me use the bathroom first, Gina. Are you sure you guys don't mind my sleeping in the same room?"

"No, we don't. Now will you stop asking that question?", Gina said, and turned to me. "Sam, you go and change. I'll go after you."

I headed for the bathroom, and Gina went and sat down next to Julie. I had an idea what she had in mind. Later, Gina told me what they talked about.

Gina told Julie that she and I were going to make love and that Julie was welcome to watch us. Julie's eyes lit up, and she hugged Gina. "Oh, Gina, I've wanted to do that for a long time. I hear you two at night, and your moaning and groaning drives me out of my mind, imagining you two making love. What did Sam say?"

"You should have seen the size of his cock when I told him I wanted you to watch. It was an instant hard-on." They laughed. 

"Julie, if you feel like joining us any time, don't feel shy about it. I have an idea. Tonight, Sam and I will sleep in the same bed. Tomorrow you two sleep together. Tomorrow I'll watch when you two fuck. I want to see how he does it with you. Since that day when you two did it for the first time, he hasn't stopped talking about how wonderfully tight your pussy is."

Julie blushed, and said, "I'm sure you are tight, too."

"I know I'm tight, because I can see it in his face when he's trying to push his cock in. It doesn't just slip right in. But then, he's got a big, fat cock, too."

Julie laughed and said, "I know."

They looked up when I returned to the room, wearing only the boxer shorts. My cock was partially hard, and moved visible when I walked. Four eyes were riveted to it. I felt it rising under the gaze of the two women.

"Come closer, honey," Gina said.

I went and stood before them. She grabbed Julie's hand and said, "Take that monster out and make it hard. I'm going to change into something comfortable, and then we'll have a party." She disappeared in the bathroom.

Julie took my cock out and fondled it, looking at my face. With the other hand, she pulled me closer and began kissing my chest. I held her close, and reached for her breasts. Soon we were naked, and caressing each other everywhere. Gina returned wearing nothing, and ran to us when she saw what we were up to. She jumped on the bed, and said, "Let's eat him Julie. You go first."

Soon I found myself being smothered by these two gorgeous women, each one driving me to the peak of excitement with their lips and tongue, only to stop when I was about to unload. Gina had a firm grip on my shaft, and Julie's lips were slobbering all over the tip, taking in as much as four inches in her mouth. I reached for their pussies, and soon found my fingers getting sucked into the slippery tunnels. Julie pressed her gums at the base of my glans and squeezed. That did it. My cock twitched, and I grunted loudly as the hot semen shot through the throbbing cock. Julie pulled out the cock, just as it erupted, sending several jets of sticky white cum in her face. She pumped me furiously, and caught some of the eruption in her mouth. Both girls swooped down on my twitching cock, and began feasting on the juice that didn't seem to stop coming in spurts. 

"That was lovely, sweetheart," Gina said, her voice showing extreme arousal. "Now rest for a while, darling, and recharge yourself. I want you to fuck me so hard that I want to pass out. I want Julie to watch us, and then tomorrow you are going to sleep with her and fuck her while I watch. Is that a fair deal?"

I nodded. "Can't complain about that, darling. Are you game, Julie?"

"I can't wait for you to fuck me, Sam. You know how much I love it."

That was some night. We stayed up until almost 2 a.m. I fucked Gina at least four times in every possible position, and Julie watched the whole scene. Seeing this naked beauty watching us turned me into a perpetual fucking machine. I was amazed. Even after coming three times in less than two hours, my cock was still hard. Gina was delirious with pleasure, and kept saying she'd never been so thoroughly fucked out. She finally fell asleep at 2 a.m., totally exhausted. I was so sticky and wet from out lovemaking, I had to take a shower. When I came back into the room, Julie was massaging Gina's legs.

"She's aching all over, Sam, thanks to your relentless cock. You are really something."

"Thanks. It's your turn tomorrow."

"I don't know if I will last this long. I'm not used to it as much as you two."

"Don't worry about it. Tomorrow is another day." 

We got up around 10 a.m., and after the morning routine, went out for a walk in the park. Being off season, there were very few people there. The hiking trails were practically deserted. Gina suggested we wear loose clothing and no underwear, so that we could fool around if the mood struck us. She and Julie wore dark, knee-length floral print dresses and Gina told me to wear my dungaree. It felt strangely exciting to walk around in nature in these outfits because the cool breeze would sneak up through the clothes and caress the skin. I was almost always in a partial state of tumescence, and I could see both Julie and Gina were also sporting hard nipples poking at their dresses. Sometimes the wind would press the dress against their backs, revealing the telltale cleavage of their buttocks. Anyone watching them would know right away that they were naked under their dresses. I wondered how many men would get a hard on looking at them.

The air had a nip in it, just a slight chill, but it was enough to build up pressure in the kidneys. Gina and Julie announced they needed to relieve themselves, but we were in the woods, with no facilities. I told them to just step off the trail into the shrubs. Gina looked at me mischievously, and said, "Well, there's no one here except us. I'll just squat right here. You can watch if you like. It is kind of exciting to do it out in the open with people watching."

I nodded, "Sure. I'd love to watch. I've never seen a woman urinate before."

Gina turned to Julie, and said, "Let's give him a show, Julie. How about it?" She pulled up her dress and squatted on the ground, facing me. Julie hesitated for a moment, but then joined Gina. I was so turned on watching the streams of yellow liquid squirting out of their openings, that I had an instant hard-on. Gina shouted to me, "Sam, don't you have to go? We want to see you do it, too." 

My bladder was also full, so I took out my cock, which was hard as a rock, and tried to urinate. I couldn't because the girls watching me made me self conscious. Gina said, "Relax, Sam. Don't get tense. Then it will come."

I shook my head. "I can't when you two are staring at me."

"Okay, let me help you then," Gina said.

She came forward, and standing behind me, took my cock in her hands. Slowly she began to caress it, trying to relax the muscles. Her cool fingers caused it to stiffen even more, but in a couple of minutes, I began to relax. The stiffness subsided a little, and Gina said, "That's it. Now let go."

Julie came around to stand in front of me so she could get a good look. I felt my cock jerk up, and shoot off powerful yellow stream. We watched as it made an arc in the air, falling a few feet in front of me. Gina lifted it up, taking aim at Julie. Before Julie could react, the stream hit her, spraying her legs. 

She squealed in surprise, and jumped back. "Hey, that's not fair. Spray her, Sam."

"How am I going to do that when she's holding the cock?" Gina held on to me, making sure I couldn't turn around. Soon I had emptied myself, and cock began to shrink. Gina squeezed the last drops out before letting go, and stepped back. 

"That was some fun," she said, "I never realized how erotic the sight of someone pissing can be. Sam, you looked so fucking sexy shooting that stream in the air."

"Well, the two of you looked pretty erotic, too. That was a real turn-on, ladies." 

We walked through the woods some more, and came to a small clearing. We looked around, only to find dense jungle surrounding us. There was no sound, except occasional rustling of trees, and a faint sound of a stream in the distance. Gina pulled off her dress, and said, "Get naked, you two. No one will see us." 

We quickly shed our clothing. It felt quite healthy and erotic to be naked outdoors, in the beautiful and natural surroundings of the Park. We chased each other, played touch football using a stick we found under a tree and rolled on the grass. We were like small children, having so much fun that we didn't hear the footsteps behind us. I heard the crunching of leaves and turned. A young park ranger was standing there in his uniform, his eyes bulging out of his sockets. He was looking at Gina and Julie with his mouth open, and I could see a bulge forming in his shorts. He was probably in his early twenties, and had obviously not seen a naked woman at such close quarters.

"Hi, I'm Sam," I said to him.

He looked at me as if he was startled to see me. He cleared his throat, and said in a hoarse voice, still looking at Julie and Gina, "Hi. I...I am Scott. What are you people doing without your clothes on?"

"Just having fun. Any problem with that?", I asked.

"No. I mean... you are not supposed to run around naked in public like this."

Gina walked up to him and said, "There is no public here. Besides, it's too late for that, don't you think? Would you like to join us?"

He looked at her, his eyes riveted on her breasts. The nipples were hard and sticking out from the firm mounds, barely inches from him. He tried to step back, but Gina grabbed his hand, and said, "Relax, Scott. How old are you?"

"Twenty two. You are very beautiful."

"Thank you. You are quite handsome yourself. Why don't you take off your clothes and join us?"

"I... I don't know. If I get caught, I'll lose my job."

"No one's going to find us here. Come on," Gina pulled him closer. Julie came over and took his other hand. "Come with me, Scott. Just relax. I'll help you with your uniform."

Scott stood transfixed to the ground, silently watching Julie as she removed his shorts and tunic. She tossed them aside and said, "Get out of the underwear and shoes, and join us in the game. We were playing touch football." 

Scott gathered up his courage and stripped. His cock sprang up as soon as he pulled the underwear down. It was quite nice and long, probably about six inches. It was throbbing with arousal, and the red tip was glistening in the sun. I could see a small drop of liquid at the opening in the glans. He was clearly aroused. Julie took his cock in her hand and caressed him gently, and he moaned loudly. She pulled him to her, and kissed him on the lips. She quickly turned to look at us, and licked her lips. Gina and I gave her a thumbs up, and settled down on the grass to watch. 

Julie kissed him again, pushing her tongue in his mouth and wiggling her mound against his cock. With a gasp, Scott grabbed her buttocks and pressed against her. They kissed for several seconds. Julie broke the kiss and said, "Would you like to feel my body?"

Scott nodded, and immediately began rubbing his hands on her breasts. Julie stretched out on the grass, and pulled him down. Scott fell on her and began kissing her nipples, and kneading her breasts. My cock was stiff, throbbing with excitement. Gina started playing with me.

Julie asked Scott, "Have you made love to a woman before?"

"A few times in college."

"That must be with the girls in your school. How about a woman?"

"No."

"Do you want to fuck me?"

Scott's face showed the shock at hearing the crude word from Julie. She started laughing.

"What's the matter? You want to put your cock in my pussy and fuck me, don't you?"

Scott nodded, getting excited by the situation. He looked at us, and watched Gina bend forward to suck me. Julie asked him, "Would you like me to do that to you?"
