 I opened my eyes and looked at the green numerals of the clock glowing on the bedside table, it said nine thirty and the curtains were closed, it was nearly dark outside, I sat up quickly and then wished I hadn't, my head felt like the hangover from hell. 

BIG MISTAKE!

Resting back down on the pillow I reached for the switch on the lamp, I groped around with the twisty stem and pointed it down to reduce the brightness, I was in a bedroom.

MUST BE MY ROOM I SUPPOSE.

It was very neat and tidy and my suitcase was beside the chair, but how it had got there I didn't quite know, I was lying beneath a single white sheet on a very warm evening and I was buck naked, had I gone out drinking and been helped into bed by a friend?

COME ON.....THINK.

My head felt fuzzy and I searched my memory for an answer.

I REMEMBER A BEAUTIFUL BLONDE GIRL IN A RED DRESS, SHE WAS FLASHING HER BOOBS!

Suddenly, I broke through the foggy barrier, I recalled the sight of this lovely woman with raven black hair bent over an office desk in front of me and I was ejaculating all over her backside....!

JUST ANOTHER WET DREAM LAD.

NO NO.....MORE THAN THAT!

YOU WISH.

THAT'S IT.....MISS SMITH.....SHE'S BLOODY GORGEOUS!

There was someone else, another woman, blonde and equally stunning, she was giving me a blow job.....

THE NURSE.....PENNY WHAT'S HER NAME?

PENNY CHIVERS.....THE ACADEMY.....YES I'VE GOT IT NOW!

I remembered turning up on Saturday morning for my induction into the new job I was taking, I'd expected blood pressure tests and needles and stuff, but instead I'd had to give a sperm sample for their bloody computer system.

OH YES, THEY PUT SOMETHING UP YOUR BUM AS WELL DIDN'T THEY?

Apparently I was now fitted with a sensor, a tiny tracking device up my rectum which allowed the computer system to monitor my movements around the establishment, the Academy of Sexual Studies, or ASS for short, I was their newest recruit and wondering if I'd made the right decision in joining.

TOLD YOU DIDN'T I?

NO YOU DIDN'T!

SOMETHING DODGY IN A PLACE WHERE AN OLD GEEZER LIKE YOU GETS TO FUCK GORGEOUS YOUNG BIRDS.

I'M HERE TO TAKE NOTES MAINLY.

YEAH.....THE'RE PROBABLY SAVING THE OLD SLAPPERS FOR YOU MATE.

SOD OFF, LET ME THINK!

Miss Smith was fondling Penny's arse as the nurse sucked me off.....Miss Smith yes.....Valerie was getting dressed to go to a meeting.....she was my new boss.....I remembered.....Penny gave me a guided tour in the afternoon and filled me in on more of the details.

Green lights and red lights had some significance.

Yes, I asked about the curious light panels fitted in the rooms, apparently they were linked to the system to warn people about various conditions, green lights were good apparently and red lights meant - stop what you're doing and stand by - but for what exactly I didn't yet know.

KNOCK KNOCK.....KNOCK KNOCK.....

Someone was tapping on the bedroom door and Penny's lovely face came into view as it opened.

"I see you're awake then David, can I come in?"

I snapped out of my daze and sat up, still feeling confused, my eyes spotted the light panel high up on my bedroom wall, both lights were off.

"I can come back in the morning if you prefer, I just thought I should see how you were, I am the nurse here remember."

"Yes it's okay, please come in."

Penny Chivers entered the room quietly and turned to close the door, giving me both a front and then a back view of what must be her night attire, it was a small white cotton chemise with thin straps and a low neckline, the hems were edged in pink, it reached down just about to the tops of her thighs and her white panties peeped from under the hem, her thick blonde hair was down loose across her shoulders and she looked lovely, suddenly I was very conscious of my nakedness beneath the sheet, I smiled as she came over and sat on the edge of the bed with her long legs primly together.

"My head hurts like hell."

"Yes, the Compound X sometimes has that effect I'm afraid."

Penny took hold of my wrist and checked my pulse, she had one of those tiny watches dangling from a thin silver chain around her neck, she pursed her full lips as she counted off the seconds.

"That seems normal enough, you gave us a bit of a fright earlier."

"What happened to me?"

"You passed out in the office, just after we'd finished looking round, I was showing you how to work the laptop you'll be using and we accidentally went into the wrong files, don't you recall the pictures?"

I blushed as some of the memories started to come back, all kinds of pornographic images had flashed across the screen in rapid succession, Penny had great trouble interrupting the flow of it and although I didn't realise at the time, I was getting a quick flash of everyone who worked in and visited the Academy, a lot of the shots were pretty raunchy and not for public consumption I guessed, shortly after that I must have passed out.

"Yes, I seem to remember you were having trouble stopping the slideshow, I don't expect I was meant to see all that was I?"

WHY DIDN'T SHE JUST CLOSE THE LID?

"No, that wasn't planned, I'll have to ask you to try and forget most of it David, confidentiality is our watchword here."

I sat back against the pillows and shifted my legs, I raised one knee slightly, like a good nurse will always do, Penny leaned forward to adjust the pillows behind my back and I got a good view of her pink pillows when her neckline gaped.

YOU'RE A RANDY SOD!

I CAN'T HELP IT.....LOOK AT HER....!

"Why did I pass out Penny?"

"Don't worry, you just had a reaction to the stimulant that we used in the orange juice, the Compound X, it can have slightly unusual side effects on some people, especially those who are new to it."

I DON'T LIKE THE SOUND OF THAT.

"Don't worry David, it's marvellous stuff and it's been tested extensively."

"But it makes some people black out and gives them raging headaches?"

"Well yes, as I say, reactions can happen, but they will soon fade as your body gets used to it and you'll then appreciate the full benefits, just like the other guys, don't you remember coming all over your chest after I'd fitted your sensor?"

I DO REMEMBER THAT BIT.....I WAS LIKE A BULL.....SHE SUCKED MY COCK SO WELL!

I felt movement under the thin sheet between my legs.

OH NO.....

"Please trust me on this one David, the benefits of using Compound X far outweigh the drawbacks I promise you, sex is wonderful with it."

"Shame about the hangovers though."

She smiled and stood up, she was a tall woman even in her slippers, her body was fantastic and I thought back to how she had looked in her white underwear and stockings.

"Let me get you a drink of water, that will help."

Penny went to the sink to fill a glass, while bending forward she showed me her brief panties again, not exactly like a thong but the lace edges were cute, speaking of drawbacks, there was something of a drawback going on with my foreskin under the sheet just about then.

"This will perk you up."

YOU ALREADY HAVE LOVE!

As Penny turned to offer me the glass she stubbed a toe on the bed post, making herself grimace and jerk her arm at the same time, half of the water spilled down her thin cotton front, the wetness spread quickly, revealing rapidly puckering nipples.

"Silly me, just look at that."

I'M LOOKING, HONESTLY....!

She refilled the glass, giving me another flash of bum and this time when she turned she noticed me shifting my legs again, not quite managing to hide the bulge under the sheet before she sat down again.

"Oh my, I suppose I'm responsible for that?"

IS THIS ANOTHER TEST, ARE WE ON CAMERA RIGHT NOW?

"Sorry Penny, I can't help it."

"No, don't worry, you're just normal, I'm flattered really, the Compound X also perks up a man's sex drive."

Penny offered the water and I must have looked wary.

"It's only water, I promise."

I took a drink and hoped it would ease my pounding head quickly.

"Don't worry, I'm not going to exert you again tonight, you need to rest, you did well today."

"Did I?"

"Oh yes, don't you remember very much?"

"It's all a bit fuzzy."

"Well firstly, your sperm sample was excellent, the system accepted it straight away which doesn't always happen, then you gave a good strong signal during the sensor test in the afternoon."

"The sensor test?"

WHAT TEST?

"You know, when you had to connect with me."

"Aha....?"

"Then Valerie checked you over as well, just to make sure."

"She did?"

"Most certainly she did, don't you remember?"

"Not really, no I don't."

"What a shame, you seemed to enjoy it."

"Enjoy what exactly?"

"Sensors have to come into close contact with each other to trigger a system alert, that's why we have them mainly, to stop unauthorised sexual intercourse, actually they nearly always detect orgasm, even one brought on by masturbation, so think about that next time you fall to temptation."

I gave Penny my best - who me look - and let her carry on.

"We have a regular weekly session to prove the sensors still work properly, every Monday morning at seven thirty sharp, I told you all this earlier before you fucked me.....and then of course you did Valerie too because we'd made her so horny, don't tell me you can't remember?"

My mouth fell open, I strained my brain but nothing came.

BUGGER BUGGER BUGGER BUGGER, I FUCKED BOTH OF THEM?

AND YOU CAN'T REMEMBER ANY OF IT!

I tried to look cool in front of her but I felt really cheated and Penny could sense it, apparently I'd had sex with both of them this afternoon, but exactly what happened was just a vague blur, I wondered how soon I might get another chance, if at all.

SHIT.....BOLLOCKS.....ARSEHOLES.....IT'S NOT BLLODY FAIR....!

"Well if you're okay then I'd better go and change this, then it's an early night for me, sleep well David and I'll walk you down to breakfast in the morning to meet the others, they're a good bunch, I'm sure you'll like them, we generally get on well together, which is just as well really considering how closely we have to interact during our work."

Penny stood up and leaned in to give me a peck on the forehead and I was gazing down between her fabulous tits again.

NIGHT NIGHT LITTLE PUPPIES.....

"My room is right across the hall from yours, so if there's anything you need, anything at all, you know where to find me, night night David."

With a cute little wave she left the room quietly.

"Night ni........"

Resting back on the pillows, I made a big effort to let my lazy lob subside, I needed time to think, I'd learned a lot in my first day.

YEAH.....FUCKED TWO OF 'EM AND CAN'T REMEMBER IT.....WHAT A PLONKER!

SHUT IT!

So far I'd only met two of the staff and they were both gorgeous, the girl in the pictures with the red dress had been top shelf material too and I wondered whether the females would all be of such high quality, how many men worked there, did they all have to take turns performing like prize bulls, surely that wouldn't include me would it?

WHAT A LIFE, WHAT A JOB!

WHAT A TOSSER!

It was Saturday night, a funny day to start a new job really and the new week was looming, I wondered how easy it would be to fill my free time stuck out in the Hampshire countryside, I would be living in with the other full time staff and I'd been told they had lots of facilities to make life more comfortable, yes, working at the Academy could be good, but what about those checks on Monday mornings, I wasn't sure I liked the sound of those?

SHE DIDN'T SAY HOW THEY DID IT.

YOU SHOULD HAVE ASKED.....NOW GO TO SLEEP!

I drifted off, thinking of Valerie in the black corset.....on my way to the land of nod my mind started to wander.

THE CORSET.....I REMEMBER THAT.....AND THE STOCKINGS.....BUT NOT THE REST.....BOLLOCKS!

I wondered what those two got up to when they were in the office together with the door locked.

I CAN IMAGINE.....

SOMETHING GOING ON THERE I RECKON!

IN YOUR DREAMS PAL!

THESE ARE MY DREAMS, GET OUT!

GO TO SLEEP!

PISS OFF!

VALERIE.....VALERIE.....SHOW ME THE CORSET AGAIN PLEASE......

WANKER!

My mind was across the hallway, listening in at the door to Penny's room, was Valerie in there, helping Penny out of her wet slip?

YEAH, YOU WISH!

"Be still darling, let me dry your front with this."

"Ooh, that's lovely Valerie."

"You naughty girl, how did you get so wet?"

"Just a little accident."

"I'm not talking about your top darling."

"Ohhhh.....Valerie.....yesssss.....

My mind was racing out of control.....I had to stop thinking about sex.

GO TO SLEEP.....GOT TO MEET THE REST OF THEM AT BREAKFAST.

I WONDER IF IT'S THAT COMPOUND X STUFF?

YEAH OKAY.....VALERIE.....PENNY.....ALISON.....

The birds were making a hell of a noise outside the window and the curtains were too thin to keep out the morning sun, I gave up trying to get back to sleep, I'd had a peaceful night and I was in the countryside after all, the clock said 7.20 and it was Sunday morning!

7.20.....CHRIST ALMIGHTY!

I got out of bed and opened the curtains.

LOVELY MORNING.

I used the tiny en suite toilet cubicle and then brushed my teeth at the sink, I was going to have a quick wash when I noticed the fishy pong coming from down below so I decided a shower might be a better idea, I wrapped a towel round my waist and set off down the corridor to look for the bathroom.

IS THIS IT?

Finding a door with a picture of a mermaid on it I looked around for any other clues, putting my ear to the door I could hear the sound of running water, so I cautiously opened it and poked my head in, someone was having a shower.

GOD IT'S STEAMY IN HERE!

The bathroom was quite small really, with a patterned glass partition with some hooks half dividing the right side from the left, it was badly fogged up from the steam but I could see what looked like a man's shaving kit by the right hand sinks, plus a very large pair of flip flops and a towel hanging from one of the pegs, I stepped inside and closed the door, going to the right side I slipped off my towel and hung it up, the only sink not in use was the one closest to the shower stall, so I started my usual shaving routine there, the mirror was badly steamed up and I had to wipe it off to see anything.

"Anything on today Erica?"

"Sure Brian, I'm going out for a long run before lunch, want to come along?"

"Might just do that babe."

THERE'S TWO OF THEM IN HERE?

The shower curtain next to me swished open as the water was switched off and a giant of a man stepped out right behind me, the guy slipped a little on the wet floor and his outstretched hand came into contact with my bare bottom.

"Whoa there, sorry about that sport, we need some better mats in here."

"No worries, I'm David Banks, arrived yesterday."

With my face half covered in shaving foam but otherwise stark naked, I turned to offer a hand for the big bloke to shake, which he did like he was pumping a car jack.

THIS GUY IS HUGE!

"Brian Palmer, hey Dave, good to meet you man, we need some new blood around here."

As Brian stepped back to reach for his towel I couldn't avoid looking at the guy's enormous penis, it was a good eight or nine inches just hanging loose, a pair of heavy looking danglers went with it.

HE MUST FAINT WHEN HE GETS A HARD ON!

Turning back to the sink quickly and wondering if my gaze had lingered for too long on his startling equipment I continued to shave, then I realised I could still hear water running, there was someone else in the other stall.

"That's right Dave, boys on this side, girlies over there."

INCREDIBLE!

"Yeah, they actually trust us to share one bathroom, but we are all wired up of course, I suppose you've had yours done?"

Brian's nod gestured down towards my privates as I finished shaving.

"Oh yes, I was done, err, when I arrived yesterday."

"Not a bad way to start a new job, hey Dave?"

I smiled sheepishly under his casual scrutiny and turned to step into the shower stall, just as I switched mine on, the water went off in the other side.

"Look out, here comes trouble."

"Stand aside, I want to introduce myself."

I stood rooted to the spot in the open shower stall as a wiggling, giggling pink vision of wet loveliness scampered around the partition, she had medium length chestnut hair plastered to her beautiful face and neck and she was clutching a towel loosely to herself, it just about covered her breasts and hung down her front, but she was swaying about a lot as she dodged past Brian who was swinging his dick from side to side lewdly, making it slap wetly against the tops of his thighs with a meaty sound.

"Come on then sweet cakes, you know you want it."

"Keep that monster away from me, I'm all clean."

"Dave, say hello to Erica."

The wet beauty calmly offered her hand for me to shake as though we were at a garden fete, even though I was buck naked and she had the big guy ogling her bum.

"Hi David, Erica West, so nice to meet you."

Her big eyes travelled down my body, assessing me in a lingering sweep.

"Erica's from the USA, somewhere in the Mid West I think."

"Wyoming Brian, you know that."

"Yeah that's right, she's a good old country girl."

"With honours in Chemistry and Human Biology, remember?"

"Oh yes, that too and she does make a good cup of coffee."

Erica turned on Brian playfully and used her towel to try to flick him, he protected his precious parts with both hands as the well stacked woman presented the most vibrantly firm derriere towards me and jiggled about, the side glimpses of her moving breasts made my eyes stand out on stalks and my dick twitched as she horsed around playfully with Tarzan.

"Enough wench, stop, before I put you across my knee."

"You wouldn't dare, especially not in front of the new boy."

HELL.....IT'S BEEN A LONG TIME SINCE ANYONE CALLED ME A BOY.....

"Be careful, he might like to watch me do just that, how about it Dave?"

I searched for something clever to say.

"Err, I'd better get washed, I want to get down to breakfast, I'm starving."

I reluctantly closed the shower curtain and tried to ignore the rest of the friendly banter between Brian and the lovely Erica.

IS THIS ANOTHER TEST, HOW CAN ANY CAMERA SEE THROUGH ALL THIS STEAM?

"Come on now honey, you're embarrassing the poor guy, give him a break."

"You don't often ask me to cover up Brian, I'm surprised."

I soaped myself up as they chatted.

"Yeah, well it's been a hectic week, everyone needs a rest sometime."

"True enough, we had fun trying to control that food fight though, didn't we?"

"I'll say, the chocolate mousse chair was a great success."

"Mmmm, I think I've just got rid of the last traces this morning."

WHAT THE HELL ARE THEY ON ABOUT?

"Anything special on next week?"

"The fathers and daughters thing could be interesting, Wednesday I think."

"Ooh goody, I think incest is so interesting."

"I know you do Erica, you're always up for the kinky stuff."

"Can I help it if I have a curious nature?"

"Okay Dave, I'm all done here, see you at breakfast I guess."

"Yep, see you down there."

"Me too David, nice to.....see you."

The door banged shut as Brian and Erica left together, Erica was still giggling about something or other, she wasn't such a tall girl but she was really built, wide hips and pneumatic tits, there was a certain kind of girl next door quality to her beauty, her face also had a mischievous look to it.

They both looked younger than thirty, as did everyone I'd seen so far, apart from the lovely Alison of course who was obviously much younger, as were all the other teenagers I'd accidentally seen in the picture gallery, as I soaped myself and washed I tried very hard not to start thinking about Alison too much, I wondered if I'd actually get to meet her and I felt the start of a lazy lob coming on just at the thought of her in that red dress, but I was determined not to give in to temptation so easily.
