 Chapter 8

My Reputation Grows -- A Double Date -- Girl on Girl at the Movies -- My Introduction to BDSM - Backseat Threesome 

In the short time left in the school year, I gained a reputation as a cocksman of some repute. Either Phil or Lillian must have talked to someone about some parts of Prom Night. It might also have been Alice, but her puritan-like background had me convinced she had no part in it. 

I didn't let it bother me, except that it was a little troublesome to have half the girls in school glancing at my crotch when I walked past, and giggling inanely immediately afterward.

I also encountered a little awe from the guys; many of who had yet to lose their virginity.

I found myself immensely popular for having hired a limo and even more for gaining access to Club Frenzy. The later was out of the realm of possibility for every other boy in the school. Of course, I had more money than they did, and that certainly helped.

The first day back in class, Lillian brought a girl named Amanda to meet me by my locker. She had the gall to ask me if I was really hung like a horse. I asked if she wanted me to show her then and there, and she backed away like I was going to burn her with it.

Lillian apologized right after that, claiming she had no idea Amanda was going to say anything like that to me. I told her it was okay, and asked if she was doing anything that night. She wasn't but asked if she might bring a girl friend along.

Bingo!

Now I knew relatively nothing about BDSM or Subs and Doms at the time. But if there ever was a submissive waiting to be exploited, it was Lillian. To be fair about it, Lillian was submissive enough to my so-called commands, or better phased, my wishes. She was brash enough to initiate things on her own, as she would demonstrate that very night with her cousin, Brianna. 

We agreed on a late afternoon matinee, I was concerned that word of my 'dating' Lillian and her friend might get back to Alice causing unwanted strife between us; but as Alice couldn't get out until Friday, and I thought Lillian could keep her mouth shut because of Phil, I went along. Then again, I was horny, and having fucked Lillian up the ass before, I was looking forward to doing it again. There was also the possibility of having both girls, and that kept me hard on the way to pick them up.

For some reason known only to the girls, they had me pick them up several blocks away from Lillian's home. I waited for them at the designated place—Walgreen's Drug Store. 

I saw them walking arm in arm toward me, wearing almost matching summer dresses, which although ankle length, lent themselves to easy access to their nether regions if and when the opportunity presented itself.

Brianna was a pleasant surprise. Perhaps an inch taller than Lillian, she had long light brown hair, a very pretty face and long, lovely legs that conjoined a fine jutting ass. Her breasts seemed modestly small, but turned out to be plum-sized, with the loveliest nipples. Whereas Lillian, was a dirty blonde (in more ways than one) with an admirable chest and what I have to admit---since I'd already possessed it---a great ass.

They had no sooner hopped into my convertible, than Lillian confided to me that Brianna was her cousin and not just a friend. Brianna had already graduated from her high school in Alabama, and her family was visiting for a week. 

I bought our tickets at the theatre and asked the girls to find us seats while I got us popcorn and sodas. 

On entering the theatre proper, I had to pause to let my eyes adjust to the darkness, and then guided by the flashing images of the previews that were showing on the screen, I scanned the seats and quickly spotted my two lovely ladies in the center of a row near the back. The theater was only about a quarter full, and they were sitting well away from the other patrons. I smiled to myself, thinking they had something other than watching a movie on their devious little minds.

As I moved along the row to take my seat next to Lillian, she jumped up and threw her arms around me kissing me on the lips, cheek and ear, while rubbing her pussy against my groin. 

"I missed you, baby!" she said using a little girl's voice.

I glanced down at Brianna, saw the bemused smile on her face and said, "Don't you want me in the middle?"

"No, no!" Lillian said immediately, I want to be in the middle!"

"I saw no plausible reason to argue the point and sat next to Lillian, leaving her in the middle. I handed Brianna the popcorn and placed the sodas in cup holders in front of each girl, intending to drink from either or both as my thirst dictated. 

Then, with the opening credits of the feature film on the screen, I let a hand drop onto Lillian's thigh and started watching.

Of course my hand moved towards the hem of her dress, and then under it, caressing her smooth flesh. 

Thinking I was well on the way toward preparing Lillian, I gave some thought to just how I would seduce Brianna, when Lillian leaned into me and whispered in my ear, "It's going to work out just fine. But let me get her ready, okay?"

I nodded, and glanced over at Brianna, who seemed engrossed in her popcorn and the feature that was just beginning. Lillian gave my thigh a squeeze then ran her hand lightly over my erection and kissed me lightly on the cheek before turning her attention to Brianna. 

I made an effort to ignore Lillian as she kept shifting around next to me that is until it was no longer possible.

Finally I turned and saw that Brianna had slouched down in her seat and the popcorn was spilled all over the floor. Lillian was systematically opening the buttons on the front of Brianna's dress. Although Lillian's head blocked most of the view, there was no question as to what was happening. I felt Brianna's eyes on me, and when our eyes met, she gave me a pensive, yet shy smile.

Lillian continued on---her goal obviously to open every button, and I smiled back at Brianna to let her know I wasn't about to intervene. In fact, I slowly opened my fly and all but brought my hardened cock into view.

Lillian opened the last button, and then as casually as opening a package, she spread Brianna's dress apart, completely exposing her nice sloping, plum-sized breasts to anyone caring to look. But no one bothered to look. It was as if the three of us were alone in the theatre. 

I brought my cock out into the flickering light, holding it in my right hand. It occurred to me that since Brianna had not worn a bra that they may well have planned on doing this for my benefit. In that I was partly wrong. It was more for their benefit than mine, but it was planned.

Lillian laughed delightedly and turning to me asked: "Still watching the movie, Donnie?"

"What movie?" I replied and heard her laugh again, only this time there was a certain tinge of lewdness to it. I looked past Lillian to Brianna, still slumped in her seat, hips now thrust forward to the very edge of the seat, her knees against the seat back in front of her.

"Watch us, Donnie," Lillian said, and then deftly peeled Brianna's panties off her lithe body with an apparently effortless movement that had to have been practiced by the two of them before this.

The flicker from the projection seemed to sparkle in the curls of Brianna's neatly trimmed bush. I licked my lips, making a soft smacking sound earning a chuckle from both girls.

Lillian lifted up and slipped over the arm of the seat onto Brianna's lap. Brianna sat up slightly to absorb her weight as Lillian aligned herself so that their faces were inches apart and placed her tongue against the others lips.

Brianna moaned quietly and opened her mouth. Lillian's tongue darted inside.

As young as I was I knew they had done this and more before.

Breaking the kiss, Lillian turned to me, and holding eye contact, lowered her head and covered Brianna's left nipple with her lips. While Lillian suckled, Brianna stared at me. It was an obvious invitation to join in at any time.

Brianna broke off her gaze and turned her attention fully to Lillian. Her hands came up and held Lillian to her breast. I stared in awe as Lillian's cheeks drew down seductively on the nipple in her mouth. Brianna's right hand stroked Lillian's blonde hair, silently urging her on. 

It was a sight I can still vividly recall to this day; Brianna all but naked in a movie theater, with Lillian on her lap, eagerly sucking on her breast. 

Concerned about being caught, I looked around but no one appeared interested in us. Lillian paused too, pulling away from Brianna's breast, leaving the thick, hard nipple glistening from the wetness of her mouth. She looked at me, and then pointed at the empty seat between us, "Move closer to us, Donnie. Join in the fun."

I quickly slid into the adjacent seat. I could feel the warmth of the two girls and smell the familiar scent of Lillian's perfume, and after sniffing several times in succession, found the now familiar odor of feminine arousal.

I had no doubt what Lillian meant by 'help me', and took a quick look around to assess our situation. Everyone nearby was engrossed in the movie, looking straight ahead. It was a good thing, since I doubted anything could stop my two girls at this point, or stop me for that matter.

Lillian was observing me as her hands kneaded Brianna's breast. "Show us that big cock of yours, Donnie. I've told her all about it. She's umm, interested."

I did, taking it all the way out and letting its full length extend above my lap. I don't think Brianna saw it just then, for Lillian took her other nipple between her teeth and worried it; and when Brianna moaned softly, I pounced on the free nipple, the one just suckled by Lillian, and found it wet and wanting to bite it as well.

Her nipple was spongy and had a salty, sweaty taste to it. Brianna sighed with satisfaction, and then shifted so she could place an arm around each of us. Lillian was sideways across Brianna's lap, her legs extending over the edge of my seat. 

With my lips locked on Brianna, and my eyes locked on Lillian, I slid my hand up Lillian's firm leg, slipped under the hem of her filmy white dress and confirmed what I already knew. She wasn't wearing panties either. 

My hand slipped across her bare ass, squeezed her firm bottom as she shifted slightly to encourage me. This encouraged me to slip a finger into her ass crack and moments later to press it firmly against her tender asshole. 

Her eyes closed and it was her turn to sigh.

We went on like this for a while, the two of us sucking on Brianna's nipples as I worked my fingertip into Lillian's ass. Eventually, my awkward position required me to move. 

Sitting up, I managed to keep my finger in place while watching Brianna grind her pussy against Lillian's thigh. 

It was getting intense. Taking a look around, I felt certain we were still unnoticed, but the more we moved and the more noise we made the more likely it seemed we would be caught. I wasn't sure that I cared any longer.

Voluntarily moving to the next stage, Brianna spread her legs and Lillian dropped to her knees and slid between them. She reached up to fondle Brianna's ample breasts, but Brianna had more urgent needs, surprising me that she would be so wanton in public.

This was the first of many incidents that I would take part in while out in public. I am no longer shy about dropping my pants and giving a horny bitch a good fucking with people passing by. No one has ever intervened, although a number of passersby have stopped to watch, even requesting we try different positions and the like.

Lillian covered Brianna's firm stomach with kisses then started slowly moving downward, her objective was crystal clear. Brianna slumped even lower in her chair, legs wide; hands gripped the armrests, waiting for what she knew was coming.

On her knees, Lillian gave me a look that said, "You've told me to go down on Alice and I did, this shouldn't surprise you." And she covered Brianna's labia with her mouth, and sucked, until Brianna moaned. Lillian drew back as if to survey the cunt before her, and then sent her tongue out to lick each thick cunt lip Brianna held steady in front of her.

Brianna's sexual smell permeated the air around us. I leaned in for a closer look and saw Lillian's tongue flutter over Brianna's clit---heard her moan a split second before her hips jerked upward, almost knocking Lillian's face away from her genitals.

Lillian turned away and caught my eye. "You can have her when I'm finished making her cum, Donnie."

"Lillian, you'll make her cum all right, but we'll be caught when she starts screaming.

"We've done it before," she said challenging me, and to prove her point, she extended her tongue and lewdly licked a trail along Brianna's pussy, knowing full well the impact she was having on me. 

But it was Brianna who felt the true impact; her whole body shuddered. It was shocking to realize that Brianna simply did not care where she was or who might notice; she wanted Lillian's mouth on her pussy, she wanted me to watch, and that was all that mattered.

"My car ..." I started to say only to stop so as to watch Brianna's reaction to Lillian's mouth.

It was apparent that Lillian knew all of Brianna's buttons, and pressed them one by one, burying her face in Brianna's sweet pussy, I knew she had her tongue as deep as it would go. Then she licked all around her pussy, sucking Brianna's labia into her mouth and pulling on them playfully. The effect was over-whelming Brianna as she began to thrash about, trying hard to get Lillian's attention on the one point that Lillian to this point had expertly avoided: her clitoris.

"Finish her off, and then we'll use my car. I don't want to get caught here," I said, nervously. 

Ignoring me and concentrating on her cousin, Lillian croaked, "That's a good girl. That's a very good girl," and plunged two fingers into Brianna.

Brianna, pleased by Lillian's finger fucking, cooed, "Oh, right there. Yes, yes, yes! That's great. That's wonderful!"

"Oh, fuck yeah. Fuck yeah. That's my good whore," Lillian responded back at her.

"OH, OH, OH!" Brianna moaned and as if trying to get Lillian totally inside her cunt---propped one leg up on top of the seat in front of her and the other across my lap. 

There was a brief moment when Lillian's face lifted away from Brianna exposing her cunt. I was amazed at how wide open it appeared. 

Lillian's fingers had stretched it wider than I thought possible. Of course it only proved how little I knew about female anatomy at the time.

Lillian's face plunged back down and ravaged her cousin's sex. "That's it. Suck it. Suck that clit." Brianna husked.

"Now, yeah now do that thing with your tongue. Yeah just like that. Oh, fuck. Are you rubbing yourself?"

I took a quick look at Lillian. Her hand was between her legs. Oh, these two knew each other very well indeed. I started stroking my cock, intending to jerk off and cum on one or both of them.

Lillian's chin now rested on the edge of Brianna's seat while she plied the rough surface of her tongue across Brianna's sensitive clit. I had to look a second time to make sure---and caught her ramming two---no, three fingers into her as well.

The effect was devastating. Brianna went rigid, her knuckles white as she gripped the arms of the seat, and then just as she burst over the edge some primal instinct made her cover her mouth with her hand and muffle her scream.

It wasn't all that loud. But to me it sounded like a ship's horn moving through the fog. But I digress. Brianna arched up, held her position for a moment, and then collapsed as her arms flew forward to grab Lillian's head and hold it against her genitals as the sexual shock waves convulsed through her lower body.

Finally Brianna melted into the chair and shoved Lillian's untiring tongue away from her sensitized clitoris. But Lillian wouldn't allow it, and continued to torment Brianna until I helped Brianna force her away. My still rigid cock was extended along the leg of my slacks with my hand wrapped around it.

With Briana spent for the moment, I turned my attention to Lillian, who moved on her knees to get between my legs and took my cock away from me, bringing it to her mouth.

I grabbed her wrist and stopped her from sucking me off.

"Not here. My car will take us where no one will bother us."

"Too public for you, eh?"

"Maybe," I replied. "Then again, I can fuck the both of you in the car. Can't say that would work too well in these cramped seats," I said.

"Point taken," Lillian said with a sharp laugh.

"C'mon, Brianna, fix yourself, we're going for a little car ride then he's going to ride the both of us."

"Okay," Brianna said, willingly, and with a casualness that made me uncomfortable, she slowly slipped her arms back into her dress, fumbled with it a moment to get it straightened out, and then began to button it, thankfully starting at the top just as the house lights came up. In the bright glare I had the irrational feeling that the three of us had sex written all over us. 

Lillian stood as she finished the final buttons, not a shy bone in her body, and Brianna I joined her and we began to work our way down the row towards the exit. As we brought up the rear of the exiting crowd, a couple of people glanced back. It may have totally been my imagination and my paranoia, but it felt as if they were checking us out, as if they knew something had been going on.

Back in the lobby I excused myself and stepped into the restroom, needing to relieve myself. Exiting the restroom, I saw my lovers across the theater lobby. They were standing hand in hand, their backs to me, as they looked at posters of upcoming movies. It was such a beautiful sight I simply stood there and admired them for a few minutes. 

When I finally walked up to them, Lillian pointed at a poster. "Let's come see that one next week!" I glanced at the poster and then back at Lillian. "We don't even know what tonight's movie was about."

"So!" They replied in unison.

In the parking lot, Lillian grabbed my hand. "Who get's it first?"

"Why not let Brianna decide?" I said. That seemed to settle the matter, or so I thought. 

Lillian had a different idea and leaning with her back against my car, calmly unbuttoned her dress to the waist. 

My eyes went wide as I hit the unlock button on the remote, and Lillian pulled the rear door open.

"Come ride with me in the back, Brianna," she said.

I knew what that meant, and so did Brianna for she was beaming. "Okay," she cooed and scampered into the backseat. I got behind the wheel and took off. 

"Find us a nice romantic spot, Donnie," Lillian cackled from the back seat then threw her dress over the top of the passenger seat. 

"Your turn, Bree, baby," Lillian laughed lewdly. A moment later, with both girls tittering evilly, Brianna's dress landed on top of Lillian's.

I headed for a place known to be deserted at night with two naked girls in the car, doing god knows what to one another while I tried to concentrate on my driving.

"Ummm, nice, ass, Bree," Lillian cackled. "I'm loving it. Now lie face down for me."

I watched through the rear-view mirror as Brianna did as requested, wiggling her beautiful ass several times before holding still.

I found the secluded spot, turned in and parked.

"Looks like a good place, Donnie," Lillian said and then added, "Brianna, open that pussy and give Donnie a good look, please."

Brianna did exactly as she was told, using her fingers, she pried her cunt apart and showed me the pink. I began to appreciate the way Lillian was controlling her, and the way Brianna obeyed every command so perfectly. 

"C'mon back here and join us," Lillian cooed.

And while I climbed into the backseat with them, Lillian said, "As I told you yesterday, Bree, he's a great lay."
