 A Tiff with Sis - Showering Together - Wedded Bliss - A Voyeuristic Treat - My First Goodbye Fuck

The day before Denise's wedding I finally caught up with my sister Maureen in our swimming pool. Almost everyone else was out tending to last minute details.

"It was just an accident," Maureen said, whipping her brown hair so that it flew through the air to land sinuously over her breasts while conspicuously avoiding looking me in the eye. 

She was referring to our fucking earlier in the week. 

"What are you talking about?" I said, trying to force it out of her.

"You know..." Her voice faded to nothing. It seemed when it came to sexual matters Maureen was more bluster than substance.

All I knew was that she'd been the one to initiate the sex with me; and had done so twice. She'd been the one whose frantic fucking had caused Denise to call her a slut. She'd been the one to follow me when I went for a jog the following morning and happily fucked me silly in the woods just off the jogging path.

My eyes burned as I sank silently into the water and swam a lap before swimming up to her underwater and noticed the suck marks on her inner thighs, and the pinpoint bruises on her ass.

I rose up in front of her as our younger sister Ashley trotted out in a skimpy bikini that our mother would have raised hell about her wearing had she known about it. 

I climbed out of the pool before she could challenge me to a race.

"Wait! Where are you going?" Ashley said deprived of a race she would have lost. She waved me away and dived into the water.

I picked up my towel and headed inside. I heard footsteps on the tile behind me. Maureen.

"Wait..." She hadn't bothered with a towel. 

The cooler air had hardened her nipples. My eyes were fixed on them as I waited for her to join me. Over her shoulder I saw Ashley swimming laps as was her daily routine. Ashley, like me, was a swimmer. Maureen hadn't given it the effort required to be a competitive swimmer. With her figure she didn't need to do anything but don a good-looking suit.

A drop of water rolled off her nipple causing my lips to pucker. Her innocent girl expression pissed me off.

Softly so that Ashley couldn't hear me, I said, "Fuck you, Mo; it was no accident that we went at it two days running."

"I don't owe you anything, Donnie," Maureen said, speaking even lower than I had. "I had an argument with Barney. Call it a revenge fuck, I don't know."

"Revenge fucks don't mean lying in wait the next day to waylay your brother," I spat out.

"Hey, you guys!" Ashley called from the side of the pool. "What's wrong? Are you two arguing again?"

"Not really, Ash," I called over Mo's shoulder.

Maureen turned and said, "It's the same old same old. He doesn't like Barney."

"Sheesh, you guys," Ashley said and turned away to swim another lap or two.

"I'm going to shower, Mo, no need to follow me any further. But I'd like to know where Barney is," I said 

"He's sleeping another drunk off if you must know."

I shook my head from side to side as if clearing water from my ears. "Another drunk? Where do you find these guys?"

Maureen looked deflated at that, maybe I'd managed to hurt her feelings. I told myself I didn't care, but I did.

I turned away and walked to the house, not bothering to look back. Had I done so, I would have seen Mo take a quick look at her sister, still doing laps in the pool, and then run after me, catching up and blocking me from going up the stairs.

"I told you once, Mo, I'm taking a shower. She tried to touch my face, but I twisted away. Her eyes told me everything I wanted to know, and I felt sick to my stomach.

I walked past her and up the stairs. She stared up at me, but said nothing.

I stepped into the shower and let the water pound the feeling back into my skin. The water was so hot I almost scalded myself before lowering the temperature.

Mo whipped the shower curtain aside with an over-dramatic flourish. Her face was flushed. For that matter, her entire body was flushed. My skin was red from the hot water, and we stood facing one another until Mo pointed at my chest and we began to laugh at one another.

"I'm sorry, Mo. I didn't mean to be insensitive."

"Um, well I didn't mean to hurt your feelings. I brought Barney home because I-I didn't know how I'd get through the week without sex. I-I need it, Donnie. And-and I need it with you."

I couldn't take my eyes off her teary face. 

Unconsciously I ran the sea sponge over my chest. Maureen's eyes followed the pearlescent trail of bubbles to my belly and between my legs. Finally, I managed to turn away, and then bent to scrub my legs, rubbing the sponge between my legs and over my cock and balls. 

I felt the bones of her hips press against my ass. She reached around and pinched my left nipple. It was very painful.

"Don't ... please."

Then her mouth was on my neck and her hand between my legs, cupping my balls.

"Mo!"

"Let me make it up to you, baby..." the words came from her mouth in a rush and sounded like she'd hissed them. Now both hands encircled me, and played with my nipples. The pain vanished into pleasure. A pair of firm breasts applied a tantalizing pressure to my shoulder blades.

Maureen left a nipple and sent a finger into my ass, cooing in my ear all the while.

A downward glance told me I was rock hard.

Still fingering my ass, Mo sent her free hand in search of my cock, found it and said huskily, "Ooooh, what have we here? You mustn't be all that mad at me, hmmmm?" 

She bit into the hollow of my neck. My anus tightened around her finger. 

Dropping to her knees behind me, my sister growled, "Stick that ass out for me."

I did. Her finger pulled out of me only to be replaced by her tongue. I let out the loudest groan imaginable from the surge of pleasure I felt as she licked away at my anal cavity. She had my cock in hand, fisting me and giggling as her mouth sucked at my rectum.

"Where did you learn to do that?" I said, bewildered by her crude but effective actions in arousing me.

"Would you believe another girl taught me?"

"Yes, I would,"

"College is very enlightening, Donnie."

"I can't wait to find my way to the fount of knowledge," I said, wanting to touch her sensitive parts but unable to for the moment.

"Have you fucked, Alice yet?"

"No, I haven't. But only because her parents won't let her out of the house."

"Oh, you're that confident she'll open her legs for you when you get her away from them?"

"Yes-well, pretty sure."

"She's got a nice body on her. Maybe we'll find ourselves in a threesome."

I laughed, but began to imagine us doing just that. "It would be something else, wouldn't it, sis?"

"It won't happen, sweetie. I don't want anyone , and I mean anyone learning about the two of us."

"Yeah, you're right."

She was jerking me off at a faster pace. I told her I was going to cum soon, and she slowed down, almost stopped.

"Let's switch places, Donnie."

I went to my knees and Mo braced herself against either side of the showerhead controls. I was now looking right at her ass. "Bend a little more," I said, and she did.

I sighed into her asshole. Mo Giggled and wiggled her ass at me. I reached between her legs and started rubbing her clit. Mo groaned happily.

I slapped her ass with my other hand.

"Ouch!" she barked. She turned her head to look back at me, and with a smoldering look said, "That hurt!"

I slapped her ass again and again.

"Please," she said in a small voice.

"Please what?" I said harshly, for I was enjoying my initial foray into BDSM although I didn't realize it at the time.

"May I have another?" she added, still using the tiny voice. I gave her five more slaps, each one harder than its predecessor. Each slap brought out a grunt from my sister, but that was all. I tested her cunt with a finger. It was sopping wet and not from the shower, which I had just shut off.

I sent three fingers into her, curling them up as if beckoning her toward me. I found her g-spot and massaged it. Her knees buckled and she started to cum, squirting a torrent of fluid out of her cunt. Her sexual scent was as strong as her lust and I fingered her to a second consecutive orgasm.

"JESUS!" Maureen moaned, "WHERE DID YOU LEARN THAT?"

"Would you believe I read it in a book?" I said using essentially the same line she'd used on me earlier.

"A book? You learned how to find that place in a fucking book?"

"Where else? You think I dreamed it up?"

"No-no, not at all-but..."

"You thought you'd seen it all, Mo?"

"Donnie-you're not being fair!"

"Tell you what, Mp, I haven't tried this, but if you're willing why don't we see if I can hit that spot again, only this time with my dick?"

She gave me a look that said I was crazy. But what came out of her mouth was entirely different. "You think?"

"Why not?"

"Let's get it on then, bro!" And, still on her knees, Maureen positioned herself so that her ass was facing me and I could take her from behind. I thought it would be nice to have her moaning and possibly cumming before I fucked her, so I went down on her, groaning into her cunt, I tongued and sucked at her until she was shuddering non-stop.

I took her swollen clit between my lips, felt it twitch and made her cum a moment later.

"OH, GOD!" she wailed as my cock entered her for the first time. Once again I took hold of her hair and pulled viciously on it.

"Yes...make it hurt," she groaned. I pinched the tip of her right nipple, and snarled into her ear, "Don't tell me what to do!"

Mo turned her head to look at me and I saw that her pupils were dilated and her mouth had gone slack as I began pumping into her with such a rapid force that her head started bouncing off the shower tiles.

Mo hardly noticed.

My cock located her spot.

I felt her stiffen against me.

I jackhammered her for about twenty seconds and as I tired I noted that her cunt was pulsing around my dick as she came hard.

I thought I heard something outside the shower stall, but the quick glance afforded me told me nothing.

Later I searched my memory about that point in time and could have sworn I heard someone's voice gasping, "OH," in surprise. But I couldn't be sure. Time would pass, but in a year's time I would learn just what happened.

Meanwhile, I continued pounding away at my sister and she trembled and shivered until overcome by a mind blowing orgasm. I went right on fucking her through the intensity of her climax, enjoying almost as much as she did. We reached a point where she went limp; at least it seemed that way, but looking back Mo had kept her legs wrapped tightly around my waist, so perhaps she was very much aware of what was going on at the moment.

I mention it only because just as I was about to cum, she moaned out, "Don't cum in me. Cum on me, pull out and shoot your stuff all over me!"

I did as she asked, lightly pressing her shoulders down so that she went to a kneeling position-and exploded in her face. The second, third, and fourth lines jettisoned from my cock to land on her neck, breasts and navel.

I found it distasteful at first for it demeaned my sister. But when I saw Mo's reaction I realized it was something other than degrading; for Mo's imagination was stimulated by it. I realized she considered it an honor, a great honor and after looking at it for a short time, she began smearing it everywhere, and tasting it too. 

She looked up at me, wide-eyed, and thanked me profusely. She attempted to suck me back to a hardened state, by I was tired, and despite the efforts of her sex swollen mouth, I pushed her away before my cock rose up again.

I helped her towel herself dry and she slipped out of my room to return to hers.

________________________________________

The wedding the following morning was a simple straight-forward affair. With dawn's early light it seemed that everyone converged on our house: bridesmaids, groomsmen, bridegroom, and of course, the bride herself. My sisters and Alice were resplendent in their gowns of lavender. The breakfast went off with less commotion than my mother had expected. The women kept to small cups of coffee, while the men, myself included, managed to put away bacon and eggs without doing any damage to our white shirts or black slacks.

I had a brief moment alone with the bride before the ceremony, during which Denise reminded me that she would be paying me a nocturnal visit, "After Frank falls asleep."

The wedding itself was quite was beautiful. There were only about thirty guests, but what it lacked in size it made up for in style. Denise had chosen a simple, white, sleeveless dress that accentuated her slim figure and highlighted her golden tan and thick shoulder-length blonde hair. The wedding went off without a hitch and reception that followed was more regal than what I had expected.

But I'm ahead of myself. I had volunteered to drive the newlyweds to the reception, and seated behind the wheel of the Lincoln Town Car, playfully called out, "Hey, hey, none of that mushy stuff now!" The moment Uncle Frank started pawing away at his new bride.

"Mind your own business, Driver." Denise laughed happily; very much aware of my voyeuristic tendencies. 

Uncle Frank wrapped his arms around her, and said, "He needs a girl of his own," as he hoisted Denise onto his lap. I heard Denise's all too familiar wanton laugh and surmised that he already had his prick out and was fumbling as he tried to stick it into his bride.

"Tend to the driving, Donnie!" Denise said, laughing sensuously. She rewarded me with a look down the front of her wedding dress by leaning over the front seat and ostensibly turning the rear view mirror aside. But I knew her real purpose was to allow Frank to stick his slimy prick into her hot cunt.

I readjusted the mirror and saw Frank's hand delving into her dress, obviously fondling a breast or teasing a nipple while Denise squirmed, making an adjustment to accommodate his prick to an angle that suited her. All the while pretending to be concerned that I might see them going at it.

As much as I detested the sight afforded me in the rear view mirror, I give Frank this-he couldn't have cared less who was watching them. As for Denise, I knew she loved being watched, and she proved it by shrieking with laughter as Frank plucked her right breast out of its silken bra and began slobbering over it and he sucked away.

I met Denise's eyes in the mirror; saw her expression change from pleasured to one of annoyance. I saw her hips rise as Frank humped away at her.

"Frank-damn it, not right now!" she squawked and managed to sound unhappy about it. 

I was rock hard and finding it difficult to watch the road in front of me. Of course I had watched them fuck several times through my peephole, but now they were going at it fully aware that I knew what was occurring, and while Denise didn't care, apparently he didn't either.

"Why not?" Frank laughed after releasing her breast, which now jounced slightly as I hit a bump in the road. I couldn't focus on my driving-mesmerized by the scene in the mirror where I saw his hand lift her wedding dress high enough to present me with a view of her cunt with his cock in it.

I brought the car to a halt just before crashing through a barrier running alongside the road.

"What the fuck!" Frank roared.

"Everything all right back there?" I called out without looking back over my shoulder. 

"Yes," Denise replied, "everything's fine, just trying to get comfy in this dress."

"I'm sorry, but you guys kind of distracted me," I said apologetically.

Evidently the near accident had calmed Frank down a bit and I heard his gruff reply, "Just get us to the reception, Donald, that's all I ask. Won't be any more distractions, go on now."

Evidently he recalled the night I had sounded the alarm when he started getting a little rough in his lovemaking, embarrassing everyone else in the house and then having to explain things away.

I started to pull away from the shoulder as Denise buried her face in Frank's shoulder, reprimanding him, "You bastard, you couldn't wait, could you?" 

By the time I parked the car in front of the reception, Denise was in a pitiful state, having been teased and excited beyond her capability to endure any longer. Moments after arriving, she made some excuse and ran to the ladies room where I'm certain she masturbated herself to the relief she'd been denied.

Frank had simply grinned and laughed at her hasty retreat to the powder room. He would tease her about it the rest of the evening.

I left the bride and groom with the photographer, I felt much better seeing Alice waiting for me inside, along with her parents, and joined them until forced to take a seat (along with Alice) at the Bride and groom's table. 

Of course Denise returned to a great round of applause. It seemed to me that everyone knew what she'd been doing, but of course, I was wrong. She was the bride, and as such the center of everyone's attention. 

It was like the scene out of a movie, we were served French Champagne in chilled glasses that were coated on the outside with frosty condensation. Occasionally, tiny droplets formed and ran down the side of the glass, leaving a clear streak then running down the stem and across the base before falling with a gentle splash to the floor. 

I had a quick drink to calm myself down, and then watched the newlyweds dance slowly, cheek-to-cheek. I watched them for a moment and finally was forced to admit that I was more than a little jealous. They made a very attractive couple. I was asking myself what I was going to do about sex after Denise and my sister, Maureen left the following day, when a soft feminine voice whispered in my ear, "Aren't they the loveliest couple?"

I came out of my reverie to face a beaming Alice. "Will you dance with me once it's allowed?"

"Your parents won't object?"

That made her laugh, "No, silly. Everyone expects us to dance. My parents won't object. And make sure you hold me close, I want to feel my friend against me."

It was my turn to laugh. I put my Champagne down and said, "Would you like to dance, or might I get you a drink?"

Her eyes sparkled. "A drink would be great. We can dance later, okay?"

"Certainly. Be right back. Oh, Champagne?"

Her tongue licked her lips for a moment before she replied. "The bubbly, by all means."

I 'borrowed' a bottle of Brut from the bar and sat down beside Alice. We sipped gingerly and listened to the band. I refilled her glass several times, managing to empty mine a couple times too. There were more people dancing than sitting and when Alice moved her chair closer my dick began to swell. When she casually draped her hand over my leg it became fully erect.

"Don't ask me to get you another glass," I murmured into her ear.

"Well, why not? I haven't had that much and this is a party."

"Your delightful hand has gotten me excited, or haven't you noticed?"

She laughed, obviously delighted with herself. 

"Oh, I noticed all right," and she smiled the most lascivious smile I had ever seen her smile.

"Let's dance," She said, her voice low and husky. Translated it sounded like she'd said, "Wanna fuck?"

I took a lingering peek down the front of her dress.

"They're all mine," she smiled, "But I'll be happy to share them with you."

"Now?"

"No, silly. But when the opportunity presents itself..."

Her hand brushed over my erection. "And I expect you to share that with me as well."

Just then, the band began to play a slow ballad. We moved in tandem to the dance floor and I took her into my arms. Alice reached up and placed her hands around my neck, I followed her lead and lightly gripped her waist. When her belly pressed against me I moaned softly and dropped my hands to just below her hips. A moment later, they were comfortably squeezing her ass as she ground her pelvis into my erection. 
