 The Squirting Party

To my surprise, Kimmie was standing outside her dorm at 7:30 sharp. I have found that almost every woman will be at least fifteen minutes late for a date, or will make you wait for about that long before they come out, ready to go should you call on them at their home or apartment. It seemed Kimmie was chock full of surprises.

From her attire one would never have thought she was headed for an orgy, or at least what sounded like one to me. She was dressed like a typical college girl out on a date in the fall of the year; fleecy sweater and mini-skirt with loafers. She gave me a quick kiss as she got into the car and provided accurate directions to a nice sized home just west of the campus.

"Kimmie, is this an orgy or isn't it?"

"Well, it is and it isn't. Stacy's boyfriend is out of town and won't be there, so I mentioned to Margo that I had a friend who would love to come and be her partner for the evening. Basically the rules are you ask before touching or doing anything. And if it's okay with the other person, then go for it. But basically it's all about watching one another getting off, especially the women, because there's a LOT of that going on."

To hear Kimmie tell it, the women were the most enthusiastic planners, a fact which I couldn't help but doubt. I mean, women didn't do this type thing ... did they?

The set-up as explained to me by Kimmie, smacked of a woman's involvement, that was clear, but what wasn't clear was whether they had been imposed as a condition or subterfuge to 'other' events that took place later. The idea shocked and aroused me; it played into my carnal desires. 

"Holy shit!" I responded before realizing that Kimmie had specifically paired me with someone else.

"Wait, I thought you and I ...?"

"Oh, no, I'm sorry if you got that impression. I'll be with Amber for most of the night. But you'll like Stacy. She gives great head." Kimmie nodded to herself as if that confirmed things.

"How do you know she gives great head?"

"Didn't you notice how much my blowjob's improved since the last time?"

In fact, I had noticed, and told her so.

"Amber taught me."

"How?" I was really interested in how women might go about this, having heard about girls using bananas to practice on while in high school and having discounted it as just sophomoric bullshit.

"We started with a banana, but when Chuck showed up, he was kind enough to let me work on his thing."

"And how did that go?"

She brightened considerably, obviously happy to enlighten me. "Oh, that went great! He kept telling me what felt good and what felt not so good, and then he came on my face. He thought it was great that I rubbed his cum all over my face. But I had to wash it off a little latter on account of we started ... you know, doing one another and my face was a little sticky, you know?"

For the remaining four blocks it took to arrive at the house, my mind was awhirl with a plethora of gushing cunts all around me. Just before we left the car I remembered to ask Kimmie is she was now a lesbian.

"Well yes and no," she answered honestly.

"Explain," I said softly, not wanting to upset her.

"I like it both ways, Donnie. Honestly.

As Kimmie and I entered the house, I realized it was likely the owner was a member of the faculty at U of G. 

It was, but I had no clue as to just which member of the group awaiting us that might be. I had a fleeting thought of Nina, and how she was using the governor's residence, and thought that perhaps this was a similar setup. 

It wasn't.

I met Stacy right off. She was a blue-eyed blonde in her late twenties, and very attractive. I found her extremely intelligent and personable. I got hard looking at her and thinking of her giving Kimmie lessons in sucking cock. Good lessons at that.

Stacy took hold of my arm and steered me away from Kimmie to the far side of the room, sat us both down on a loveseat and explained what usually happened at these parties and what usually went on during them.

"The whole point of this gathering is to simply enjoy, shall we say, the erotic visualization that comes from watching and participating in each other's orgasms.

"You may, or may not know how stimulating it is for a woman to watch a man shoot his load and vice versa. Kimmie tells me you usually have a great deal of sperm to offer. Yes, I know about her particular fetish for facial applications. She has wonderful things to say about you. You wouldn't be here otherwise.

"I understand that you and I are ... partners for the evening, is that correct?"

"Yes it is, Donald," she said and laid her hand on my knee.

"So I'll have the pleasure of seeing you squirt then?"

"You will, Donald, and you'll get to fuck me too, after you show us how you cum. Do you prefer jerking yourself off, or would you prefer to have one of us do it for you?"

"By one of us, do you mean one of the ladies?"

"If that's what you prefer, although I've been told that men having had more practice at it perform much better at it."

"No thank you, I'd much prefer a woman, someone such as you, if that's possible?"

"It is, and I accept, Donald. Now, since I know everyone really well, I'll guide you through most of the evening and let you know who's into what and who isn't. But basically, it's all about having fun, enjoying the pleasure and excitement of seeing both men and women having some really nice messy climaxes. So...if that's what you're here to see and enjoy, I promise you it will be an incredible evening. If not...then you'd best turn around and go back home right now."

"Ah, I think I'll be staying," I said enthusiastically.

"Good!" Stacy grinned suggestively, and taking me by the hand, led me downstairs to what she affectionately called the 'play room.' The downstairs room was enormous, a fully stocked bar with what seemed to be more cushions than furniture, and what little of that, that there was, was positioned against the walls leaving a very large open-spaced area in the middle of the room. On several tables sat an array of toys, dildos and vibrators in various shapes and sizes. And I noticed while looking at them that there were a few specifically designed for use by men as well.

"Oh? Did I forget to mention? I do what's called adult toy parties part-time for a little extra money. These are just a few of the various items that I have for sale. Kind of interesting to get some on-hand demonstrations and it tends to set the mood and tone of the evening if you know what I mean," she giggled. 

"May I ask, Stacy, is this your home?"

"No it isn't, we've borrowed the home for the evening. Well actually, we sort of rent it on an as needed basis. It's not listed with the realtors, but it is for sale. Are you interested in purchasing it?" she asked with a lewd smile on her face. We'd rent it from you if you did."

"I'm just a freshman here at the university, Stacy."

"I know, remember, Kim told us all about you. You've quite a reputation among the ladies, Donald."

"Do I now?"

"Yes, but don't go and spoil things by persisting I go down that road."

"Okay. So what next?"

She gestured at the table with the toys and asked, "Any particular one you'd enjoy seeing me use?" 

It was like asking a kid in a candy store to select just one. "Umm, well, which one helps you squirt the fastest?"

Stacy grinned at me, then stood up and went to the table and selected what appeared to be a clear glass dildo. "You wouldn't think it, but these things feel incredible!"

"Umm, Stacy ... where and what is Kimmie at the moment?"

"Kimmie is helping greet the late arrivals. We have several minutes before anyone else ventures downstairs. That's in the event you don't pan out as a participant. We see no need for you to learn who the others are in that event. I hope you understand."

I think it commendable that you put yourself at such risk for the others," I said and then laughed. Stacy laughed along with me, and then began removing her clothing. She had a stunningly erotic body. Her breasts sloped in an upward curve, as if begging to be sucked. Her legs were gorgeous and she had a near perfect ass. Her cunt was lightly furred, that is, it was neatly trimmed, but still with enough pubic hair to hide her opening from view, unless one was very close. I would later find myself in that proximity, so I know what I speak of.

When she was naked as the day she was born, she took one of the over-sized pillow cushions and tossed it on the floor for her head, then grabbed another to sit on.

"Here, use this one to sit on in front of me," she offered as she positioned herself on the floor.

I sat down directly in front of her as she displayed herself, legs spread wide and two fingers separating her gorgeous pink-lipped pussy. I couldn't believe this was actually happening, but was soon mesmerized as I watched her begin to ease the glass molded dildo in and out of her already juicy sounding pussy. Within minutes, Stacy was fucking herself with abandon, the dildo easing in and out of her with a slow though continuous stroke as I watched her ecstasy build.

"Enjoying the show?" she asked huskily, as she placed both hands on the dildo, steering it in and out of her like a girl possessed. 

It was as if we were on a stage and all eyes were on us, or rather her. 

"Isn't it exciting?" she croaked. The sound of her words deeper, throatier as she edged ever closer and closer towards orgasm. 

To my surprise Stacy let the dildo fall to the floor and went at herself with both hands.

The sloppy wet sounds of her fingers pumping in and out of her cunt seemed unusually loud in the otherwise quiet of the room. 

"Hear that squishing noise, Donald? That's my pussy. That's the sound of my fat, hairy pussy getting ready to cum." 

I fumbled my cock from my trousers. It was hard as steel.

Stacy clucked her tongue and chortled, "Nice one, Donnie!" as she set her feet even wider apart, went into a half-squat and abused her cunt even more.

"Whoa baby! It won't be long now!" she panted from her exertions.

My eyes were fixed on her inner thighs. I saw that her legs nearly buckled as her orgasm hit home. It was one of the hottest things I'd ever seen!

Stacy was grunting with the effort it took to repeatedly ram two sets of fingers into her cunt.

Suddenly I took note of a pair of women's feet standing slightly off center behind Stacy.

Then a pair, no--it was two pair of men's shoes appeared next to them.

I looked up and saw three strangers, two men and a woman intently watching us. Us! Not just Stacy who was actively masturbating herself to a rousing orgasm, but me as well!

All I was doing was holding my dick in hand and watching Stacy do her thing.

Then I realized they were there to watch my performance as well as Stacy's, and resigned myself to putting on a good show when my turn came.

Stacy, ever the performer, didn't bother to stop or even slow down her masturbatory activity.

She did look up and acknowledge their presence as she continued; smiling at the tall redheaded woman and a ruggedly good-looking guy; next to him stood a tall, slender Negro with bronze toned skin. He was incredibly handsome, with hands possessed of long slender fingers that I knew must drive women crazy.

I will digress only long enough to point out that women are fascinated by men's hands. Hands, such as those found on a classical pianist, are considered a prize that almost any woman would fight for to get into her bed.

All three began to disrobe before saying a word. The redhead, now bare-breasted, leaned over me, her breasts tantalizingly close to my face and certainly within reach had I attempted to grab them.

She backed away in order to remove her skirt. She wore a garter-belt that held up her stockings and nothing else, save a pair of high heeled shoes. The pubic hair surrounding her cunt proved her a natural redhead.

The White male offered his hand to me and I took it and we shook as if old friends.

"Gary," he said pointing at himself. He's Monte," he added pointing at the Negro, and of course, saving the best for last, allow me to present Margo. She's got some tits on her, doesn't she?" he laughed.

I saw that neither Monte nor Margo found the remark funny and refrained from laughing or even breaking a smile.

Monte grabbed several pillows and casually dropped them on the floor, making a sort of circle around Stacy. By this time both men had erections jutting toward the ceiling.

I noticed as Margo found a place on the floor beside Stacy that she hadn't chosen one of the available toys, nor had she brought one.

"Would you like me, or Monte to finger you honey?" he asked Margo nonchalantly as though taking an order for drinks.

"Oh..." Margo replied, "I think I'll just watch...for now." 

Monte laughed and pointed at me. "She's so jacked up to cum she didn't let this dude take his clothes off."

"He's got his dick out," Gary noted. "Guy's hung like a horse."

"Mmmmm," Margo said approvingly. "But Stacy has firsties with him."

My attention returned to Stacy as she lifted her hips, jammed three fingers into her cunt and gave herself a dozen hard pumps before pulling them out and spreading her fat pussy lips so all the world could get a look at her slutty cunt hole.

"Whoa, baby!" Gary whooped delightedly.

"Oh my, you're wide open there, honey," Margo cooed appreciatively.

"Ohhhh yeah ..." Monte said, making it almost a sigh.

"Did she squirt yet?" Margo queried. Then after looking at the floor around Stacy's genitals, added, "I guess not, the floor's still dry."

"Won't be for long now," Gary laughed again.

He was right about that. A second or two after Margo's comment, Stacy began slapping her clit vigorously. "Cumming!" she bawled out loudly. The look in her eyes was nothing short of hot wanton hunger. 

Seconds later I felt a fine misty spray wetting my face. I started to pull away, but Monte reached out and held me in place.

My eyes had never left Stacy's cunt. A thin stream of juice squirted out of her to the air in a sort of arc before landing on my chest and soaking my shirt. My first thought was that I was the victim of a sordid prank, and that she had pissed on me with the others there to restrain me from doing her harm.

"Should have gotten naked Jim," Gary laughed.

I fought to maintain my composure, I knew I was bigger and stronger, but there were two of them and I didn't need to get into a brawl.

"He doesn't mean it that way it sounds, Don," Monte said calmly.

"He's right, Monte," I said, having calmed down enough to realize that Gary resented my being there for some reason. Then I added, "and thanks for getting the name right."

Monte laughed and moved in closer to Margo.

"Want me to help warm you up, Darlin'?"

"Mmmm, I'd like that, Monte," the redhead replied.

These sidebars occurred even as Stacy let go another salvo that caught my cock and the fly area of my trousers, leaving my groin saturated and me feeling very foolish.

Neither of the two men present thought it funny enough to laugh at. 

"Guess I should have warned you," Stacy laughed as I got to my feet and stripped. 

"There's a washer and dry in that alcove over there," she pointed at the far corner of the room. I took my clothing and tossed them into the washer and turned it on before rejoining the others.

"Hurry Gary," Margo said. "I'm getting pretty close myself. And you probably should be naked when I do," she warned with a wicked looking twinkle in her eyes.

I couldn't possibly imagine. Stacy had hit me with three liquid spurtings. It was almost as if she had pee'd on me. I couldn't even begin to imagine Margo being able to top that by too much. 

Well, I've been wrong before and I'll be wrong again ... but this was one mistake I'll never forget.

I had no sooner finished removing my clothing and had retaken my place next to Monte than he'd stopped fingering Margo and had me take over; he'd actually taken a hold of my hand and brought it to the cleft of her cunt.

"You finish her off, Don."

I gave him a questioningly look. Margo took charge then, saying: "C'mon, Donald, I want you to make me gush. Won't you be a gentleman and help this poor damsel in distress?"

I glanced over at Stacy and saw Gary with his hands under Stacy's haunches, lifting her cunt to his face. Stacy was holding herself up by resting both palms flat on the floor. Her face was alight with a satisfied glow and I instinctively knew she would be cumming again; this time spewing her juices into Gary's face and mouth.

My attention returned to Margo. I wasted no time and inserted two fingers into her very wet cunt, curling them up in a come hither motion. Monte, on the other hand, was administering sharp slaps to her ass. No one had to tell me what purpose that served. I knew well enough that it sent the sexual sensations soaring when coming at her from two different directions.

"I'm not really hurting her," he said, thinking I might need some form of assurance. But by the expression on Margo's face, I could already see that.

"Try crossing your fingers and then put pressure on the index with the middle finger, that really gets her flowing," he added.

I followed his instruction and realized that Stacy and Gary had paused in their activity to watch Margo and me.

"Is this okay?" I asked Margo. "I mean, am I pleasuring you this way?"

"Mmmm, yeah," she said dreamily. I noticed that her vagina was wetter than it had been moments earlier. To better illustrate what I meant let me add that it was squishy-sloppy wet with the sound of churning juice as I fingered her.

"Donald! Donald!" She said with urgency I was coming to recognize more quickly each time I heard it.

"Yes? Yes?"

"Slow down ... that's it! Now...stop ... Okay, finger me again ... Now slow, slow, slower!"

"Like this?" I asked.

"Yes ... just like that. Now when I tell you too ..." She paused to catch her breath, "When I tell you ... finger me as hard and as fast as possible. Do not stop. I say again, do not stop!"

I did as requested.

Meanwhile, Stacy joined us and began caressing Margo's breasts. Monte squatted alongside us and like Stacy, used those long fingers to tease her nipples as Stacy massaged her breasts.

"That's gonna do it, guys!" Margo chortled. "Umm, now Don ... NOW!"

I was kneeling on the floor in front of her pummeling her cunt with my hand as fast as it was humanly possible to do, all the while hearing her shouting at me, "Harder! Faster you mother-fucker! FASTER--HARDER--FASTER!" 

I wrapped my arm around her knee for leverage and support, shoving my fingers inside her as fast as was humanly possible to do.

"Now! Now!" she screamed suddenly. "STOP!"

I did, though failing to remove my hand, still not sure what to expect when it came, or rather when she did. 

"WHOA... oh shit!" I bellowed!". The only way to even describe it was this sheen of flying clear liquid that looked like someone had magically produced a waterfall out of her pussy. There was this long cascading stream of fluid--either piss or ejaculate—arcing out of her, and really had to be seen to be believed.

"Thar she blows!" Monte yelled out in glee as if calling from the crow's nest of the Pequod in Melville's novel Moby Dick.

And it wasn't just that single solitary sheet of raining cum-juice either, but a second one that was even fuller, thicker and shot out in an even higher arch than the first. I actually felt its energy as her essence flew over my shoulder literally bathing my entire back when it landed.

I was amazed as she continued to spray, thrashing, bucking and humping her ass up and down against the pillow as her own hand now frigged herself sending even more streamers of girl-juice spurting out of her cunt.
