 The chronological order of my stories is as follows:

Todd & Melina series, Interludes 1-5, Sperm Wars series, Russian Roulette series, Case of the Murdered Lovers series, Case of the Murdered Chessplayer series, The Swap series, Interludes 6-10, The Murdered Football Player Series, Case of the Black Widow series, Teresa's Christmas Story, The Case of the Black Badge series, A Case of Revenge series, Teresa's Summer Race, The Trilogy series, Dark Side Of The Force series, Caught In The Act series, Case of the Murdered Bride series, The Credit Card Caper series, The Hot Wives Investment Club series.

Seriously Inconvenienced, Ch. 1-4.

Feedback and constructive criticism is very much appreciated, and I encourage feedback for ideas.

This story contains graphic scenes, extreme language, and actions that might be extremely offensive to some people. These scenes, words and actions are used only for the literary purposes of this story. The author does not condone murder, racial or racist language, violence, rape or violence against women, and any depictions of any of these in this story should not be construed as acceptance of the above.

Part 13 - Debris

Two hours after the explosion and crash of the FBI jet at County Airport, I watched, still in disbelief at what I was seeing in front of me. Martin Nash had returned to the airport upon hearing the crash, he was also in shock but looked as if he couldn't decide whether to get sick or to cry. I knew how he felt.

The Crime Lab was scouring the scene, and a lot of evidence had been collected, including the obvious indications that a bomb had exploded just as the plane had lifted into the air just before it cleared the end of the runway. I watched as our best bomb dog, K-9 Sergeant Seymour, scoured the area. He was having a field day (pun not intended) finding the remnants of the bombs that had detonated.

Fire Marshal Zoe Singer directing her arson and bomb investigators, helping my team collect evidence. We both knew it was important to do as much as we can before the Federal teams from the FBI and NTSB got here. It was also fortunate I was an FBI Consultant; otherwise the Federales would be pissed at us, but I knew that between Laura and myself we could push back effectively.

But none of it took away the shock as I looked at the five charred bodies lying side-by-side, which had been recovered from the debris, now shrouded in blue body bags...

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"Okay..." said the spotter. "We've got one reddish blonde police officer in shock waving his crowbar everywhere, his wife is crying, the other police officer in the suit can barely stand up, the blonde policewoman talking to the Fire Marshal... those babes are hot, I'd love to fuck 'em both right now..."

"Boss wants to know about casualties." said the radio man. After another moment, the spotter replied:

"Five bodies, one pilot and four dead FBI agents... a great day all around, gentlemen."

"They just sent congratulations and said we can exit the area." said the radio man.

"Yes, let's very slowly get out of these woods before someone has the bright idea to search the area." said the spotter, securing his binoculars in their case on his belt. The well-trained mercenaries extricated themselves and left the scene, easily avoiding detection.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"There's nothing more you can do here, Crowbar." said Chief Griswold, who was now on the scene. "The Crime Lab is processing the evidence. Muscone's boss called, he's going to want to talk to you later tonight. You guys go back to Headquarters."

Seeing me not move, still dazed, the Chief ordered "Sergeant Rudistan! drive the Commander, his wife and Lieutenant Ross back to Headquarters in the Commander's SUV." Rudistan complied, not a trace of joviality on his features at this dark moment. It began to rain as we pulled out.

Part 14 - Lakeside Views

Thursday, November 20th. Of course the day began with the news, which meant the one and only Bettina!

"This is Bettina Wurtzburg, KXTC Channel Two News! Channel Two News has learned that the explosion and crash of the FBI's plane at County Airport was very likely the result of a bomb planted on the plane before it took off. The FBI is not making any statements, not even confirming the deaths of four of their agents and the pilot of the plane. Town & County Police Chief Griswold issued a statement that the local Police are working with the FBI, Homeland Security, and the NTSB to determine exactly what happened. Channel Two News will bring you any information as we learn it..."

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

The sun was rising over Lake Amengi-Nunagen in the mountains to the north-by-northwest of the County and State, some two hours drive away from the disaster at County Airport.

"So, Martin," I said as Nash and I sat on the front porch of the cabin, "that's the gist of it. This rogue CIA cell's last remnants are likely the ones that planted the bomb on the plane."

"Wow." said Nash. "That's a lot of stuff that's been going on. Of course we Detectives were getting bits and pieces..." He was dressed in his suit and tie as always, looking a bit out of place in this wilderness and this rustic cabin. None of the hunters who had other cabins in the area realized that this was an FBI safehouse, and a place where FBI agents occasionally retreated to in order to plan operations.

"Yes," I said, "I really couldn't tell all of you any more than I did. Some of it is classified stuff at the Federal level. Of course, my question is: 'Why our County?' Why are they operating in our County, Martin?"

"All the industrial and University research that's there to be spied upon?" suggested Nash.

"Possibly." I said. "But I think it may be more than that."

"By the way, did you get pictures of the delivery men bringing in those crates?" Nash asked.

"Yes." I said. "But they had their hats on pretty low to their heads, so we don't have much."

"Did anyone contact Special Agent Lester Craig?" Martin asked.

"Yes, Jack did. He called Craig to let him know that Jack and the team wasn't really dead." I replied. "Craig said he did not send up anything to be taken to Washington, so the bomb was likely in one of those crates."

"But why was Muscone and his team targeted?" Nash asked.

"That's a question I'd like to hear the Iron Crowbar answer, also." said a voice behind me... the voice of FBI Special Agent In Charge Jack Muscone!

He also wore his standard suit and tie. His team, still inside eating breakfast, were taking advantage of the situation and wearing comfortable clothing.

"Don't get me wrong, Don." said Jack. "I'm grateful to your wife for sniffing out the plot and arranging this subterfuge. But why were we targeted?"

"Laura believes that you were getting too close to Wargrave, that he was feeling the heat." I said. "She also believes Wargrave wants to move on something, and needed to get you out of the way in order to do it. She's hoping that Wargrave will move now, and quickly, while the FBI seems to be confused and preoccupied with your 'deaths'."

"Let's go inside and check with the radio guys." said Muscone. We went into the cabin. At the table, eating breakfast, was my wife Laura, Sandra Speer, Eduardo Escobar, Lindy Linares, and one of the FBI radio listeners, all in jeans and flannel shirts. We went past them into a back room, which had been set up with all sorts of electronic equipment.

"Nothing yet, sir." said one of the two other radio listeners. "And reports from the City are that Wargrave stayed at home all night, and he's made no unusual phone calls. He talked to his associate Austin L. Murphy about an hour after the plane crash. Murphy has made several calls to media people and to other University Regents, but nothing else out of the ordinary for him. Wargrave also talked to the University President, Dr. Wellman, for nearly an hour last night. Nothing since, and no other phones in use at his residence nor offices."

"I'm not liking this." said Laura, turning to us from her place at the breakfast table. "I thought for sure he would've called Conrad King and others that we know he works with outside his legitimate businesses."

"Anything on King?" asked Muscone. "What about Fred Dixon in New York?"

"The NTSB called a cell phone we believe is Dixon's." the radio man said.

"Wanna bet NTSB Investigator Fred Dixon appears at the crash site today?" I asked, meaning it rhetorically.

"Would he dare, after what you told him in San Jose?" Jack Muscone replied.

"He might." I said, then realized something. "Ohhhhh..." I declined to elaborate further.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Later that afternoon, Laura and I were speeding back to the cabin in the jeep that came with the FBI cabin. She looked smoking hot in the tight blue jeans and snug flannel shirt she was wearing, and I had been aching to get a chance to fuck her brains out.

We had been looking at properties in the area, as both Laura and I had discussed buying a place that would serve as a getaway, much the way Melina's property had been a getaway for my ex-wife and myself when we'd been married. Unfortunately, Laura and I had found no properties with lakefront to Lake Amengi-Nunagen that we liked. In fact, Laura had decided she didn't think much of the Lake itself, and I was glad to hear that, as I didn't like the area, either.

The radio in the jeep had called us back in. When we got to the cabin, I was told that Lt. Cindy Ross had called from Police Headquarters in our Town. We had no cellphone reception this far out; the FBI's equipment had detected that there was a phone call... how, I didn't know, and didn't really want to find out. I used a special FBI satellite phone to call Cindy, which allowed me to type in my name so that it would show up on Cindy's caller-ID. Ain't Federal Government technology wonderful? I thought acerbically to myself.

"You guys might as well come back." Ross reported after hearing my voice on the phone. She told me why, and I was not surprised...

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Driving in our rented car, Laura and I got back to Town and to Police Headquarters that evening around 7:00pm, and went straight to Cindy's office, where Tanya Perlman and Teresa Croyle also were.

"We went to lunch," said Cindy, "and when we got back, this was on my desk. I haven't touched it, but the Crime Lab did check it for prints and foreign substances. 'No joy' on that, so far."

It was a map, one of those Government topography maps, of the Lake Amengi-Nunagen area. There was a red cross and circle, like a target, right on the spot where the FBI's cabin was situated.

"Why put it here in Cindy's office?" Teresa asked. "Why not in yours, Commander?"

"So that you would find it and call me." I replied as I examined the map. I was not looking at the marking where the cabin was, but something else that was at the edge of the map, east of where we'd been.

"Check out the note that was attached to the map." said Teresa Croyle. I did so, picking it up, then handing it to Laura. My wife looked disgusted; I was grinning and trying not to laugh.

The note read: "DEER me, Mr. Holmes, DEER me."

"Shit!" gasped Laura. "They found out. The fucking bastards found out." Meanwhile, I was chuckling as I got out my cellphone and left a message for Jack Muscone's radio operatives, telling him that the ruse had not worked and that they could- and should- return.

Part 15 - The Failed Ruse

While waiting for the FBI team to come back, I went into my office... and immediately called out "Ross! Has anyone been in this office while I was away?"

"No, sir, not that I know of." Cindy replied as she came to the door. "But the door wasn't locked-" She stopped when she saw what had gotten my attention: there was a book in the middle of my desk. It was a copy of the works of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, those pertaining to the characters Sherlock Holmes and John H. Watson, M.D.

As I looked at the book, I noted that a page was marked with what looked like a photograph. I opened the book, noting that it was the page of the story A Scandal In Bohemia. The photo was a duplicate one of Laura and myself taken during our wedding, which sat upon her desk in her office. Laura's face was marked in a red circle and cross, similar to the marking on the map in Cindy's office, and scrawled below were the words "THE Woman".

"Ho-lee shit." Cindy breathed.

"Cindy, you and Teresa were helping with my kids at Todd and Jeanine's." I said. "Who's with them now?"

"Probably no one, police-wise." Cindy said. Teresa tore out of the room, which she'd entered right behind Cindy.

A few moments later she was back. "Rudistan and Morton are on the way there, and will stay until I get back tonight. You've authorized them overtime, by the way, Commander. I talked to Todd, and he's also going to have Seth Warner come over. Seth can spend the night, as will I."

"Thank you, Teresa." I said. "Put yourself down for three hours of overtime, also, though I can't authorize it for the entire night."

"Oh, don't bother with all that." Laura said. "I'll be picking the kids up later tonight."

"Let's talk about that first." I said to my wife as I looked at the book. As I flipped through the pages, a flash of yellow caught my eye. Turning to that page, I noted that it was from the story The Final Problem. The yellow was a highlighted line, which read "They set fire to our rooms last night...

I sat down and had a long, long reverie, thinking very deeply, virtually meditating. I let my mind go in many directions as I let everything coalesce into the correct picture. When I finally came out of it an hour later, only Laura was with me in my office. She was watching me.

"You knew, didn't you?" Laura said, halfway between a question and an accusation. "You knew they were onto us..."

"I had an idea." I admitted. "When the FBI guys said Fred Dixon had been called, I realized that they would only send him here if I, Your Iron Crowbar, was not in the County to intercept him and make good on my promise to him. So I figured the bad guys knew about the ruse, and I was going to say something when we got back from looking at properties."

"But Don," said Laura, "our children..."

"Honey, I do not let a second go by that I don't think of our children's safety." I said, "But to what you are thinking: first, we were two hours away and there was nothing to be done as I figured this out. Also, I think the kids were safe and will continue to be safe at Todd's: they live in a gated community and the security at the front gate is very good about verifying anyone who goes in. With Seth and Teresa also there overnight, I'd be shocked if there would be any problems there."

"And second, as to this photo of us in the book here..." Our eyes locked in understanding as I finished the sentence: "... I think we now know what Wargrave was doing in your office that morning you caught him in the nursery. He took a photo of the photo on your desk."

"Jesus, he was planning that since then?" Laura asked, stunned. "He knew I'd try this that far ahead of time?"

"No." I said. "I think it was a contingency, that he'd send that threat if I got on his track too far. Obviously, my love, we have indeed gotten on the train on that track, and it is leaving the station as we speak..."

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

It was now 9:30pm and in the main conference room were Chief Griswold, myself, Cindy Ross, Martin Nash, Jack Muscone and his FBI Team, my wife Laura, and her assistant and fellow CIA agent, Gayle Roberts. The FBI Team had just gotten back from Lake Amengi-Nunagen.

"So, Dr. Fredricson," said the Chief, "tell me again exactly what this plan was."

"As everyone in here knows," said Laura, "I received information that led me to believe that the remaining criminals from the late Jody Corrigan's rogue CIA team was going to try to kill Jack Muscone and his FBI team, by planting a bomb on an FBI plane. So I made it easy for them, leaking information that the team was going to board a plane here at County Airport. It apparently worked, and the perps did plant that bomb.

"But what they did not know, at least I thought they didn't, was that the FBI team and pilot got back off the plane dressed as workers putting crates aboard. The crates had dead bodies in them, which were placed in the seats. The plane was remotely rolled out, and it was actually our bomb that exploded on takeoff... in a plane that had no living persons aboard. However, it appears that Wargrave's team did know of the ruse, and sent these messages in the map and book."

"I have a question." said Jack Muscone. "Who knew about this from the beginning? Maybe someone said something to the wrong person and it got around to the wrong ears."

Laura replied "Me, Gayle, all of you in here except the Chief and Cindy-"

"Cindy knew." I said. "I did not risk the wrath of the blue crowbar by not telling her what was up and why I'd be out of the office. We can add to the list several FBI agents, including Les Craig and Jack's boss."

"Also your nephew Todd, Barry Oliver and Takaki Taichi." said Laura. "They rigged the remote control device that got the plane to taxi and then take off."

"You know..." I said, my mind going into overdrive, "I'm not sure that anyone who knew spilled it. And I'm not sure that your ruse failed in and of itself." My voice was a bit hollow as my mind was still far off, trying to put puzzle pieces in place. "But at some point the perps did catch on, and the message in Cindy's office showed that they had figured out just how the ruse was done."

"And how was that?" Cindy asked, then adroitly added "I'm not sure the Chief knows."

"Laura, you don't say a word." I said. "It would be a confession to a crime, albeit misdemeanors. What happened, Chief, is that someone broke into the deer cooler at Cummings Outdoors. They took two deer, and transported them to the Frank Freeman Funeral Home, where they cremated them. Two deceased human bodies, meant for cremation, were taken from the funeral home. Those bodies, as well as three others, were then brought onto the plane and placed in seats. The already-dead bodies were the ones recovered from the crash."

"Good grief." said the Chief. "Messing with a funeral parlor is bad enough, but even worse is that you guys are wreaking havoc on my poor County Airport. And the reason was to make these perps, which I gather is the remnant of that rogue CIA cell, expose themselves?"

"No, not exactly." said Laura. "The goal was to flush out the person I think is leading what's left of that team."

"That would be one Henry Wargrave." I said. "But that is not all: I have a new theory that I want to run by all of you."

"Is this where I get to swing a crowbar at you to make you think better?" Cindy quipped, blue crowbar in hand and at the ready.

"Close." I said, waving my red crowbar back in her general direction as I tried not to grin at Cindy's 'pawky' sense of humor. "And you might just swing it at me afterwards when you hear how hair-brained this is."

I sat upright in my seat and said "Ladies and gentlemen, there's been a certain repartée between myself and Henry Wargrave along Sherlock Holmes/Professor Moriarty lines. However, I realized today that, to quote Spock's father Sarek, 'it is possible that I have been in error'."

That got everyone's attention. "You? In error?" said Jack Muscone, his voice trying to be teasing, but serious surprise on his face, matching everyone else's. "Is that even possible?"

"Well, it's not the first time." I said. "Any time I'm not in alignment with my wife, I am of course in error." The Chief laughed and nodded as Laura looked at me funny.
