 Sera double checked the handwritten address on the slip of paper, comparing it to the modest home in front of her. Marcus had given it to her, said that it would be exactly what she was looking for. That she'd get the training and experiences needed to survive in his world. The addresses matched, but it certainly didn't seem like a place that was supposed to provide what she was looking for. Marcus exuded not just sex and money but dark desires and sensuality that would make the dead stop and take notice. This was just... a house. Not small but not huge. The only thing that it really had going for it was that it was in the middle of fucking nowhere. This was probably some kind of test. 

The curtains from the front window parted briefly, then closed again. She'd been spotted. Moment of truth. Get out of the car and go down the rabbit hole or turn the engine on and go back home to a live of normality and mediocrity. She flipped the mirror down to check her lipstick one last time. Marcus had picked it out. She'd called it 'Whore red' as a joke. Her lipstick was perfect. Now she was just stalling. She met her own eyes in the mirror. Lightning kissed, Marcus had called them. Blue shot through with streaks of white. Supposedly they were what first caught his attention. The eyes in the mirror were apprehensive. Nervous. But also excited. "Fuck it." She got out of the car, and strode up to the front door. She didn't even get a chance to knock before it opened.

The woman in front of her was short, and Sera had thought she was short at 5'3. This woman probably didn't even top five feet. She looked normal enough. Pretty but not exotic, normal street clothes. "Yes?" She asked archly.

"Um. Marcus told me to come here?" Sera responded nervously. "Oh! He said to give you this." She pulled a slightly crumpled envelope from the pocket of her beige trench coat. The envelope had actually been sealed with red wax, imprinted with a rose. 

The woman took the envelope then moved out of the doorway, gesturing for Sera to come in. The moment she stepped inside the door was shut, and locked behind her. The woman walked off without a word, leaving her standing there just inside the door and totally clueless as to what to do next. The room was dark, the drawn curtains blocking out most of the light from outside. There were a couple dim lamps dotted around it, and three couches forming a U shape around a large furry area rug. Otherwise the room was empty. "Um. Hello?" She called out. "Am I just supposed to wait here or...?" She trailed off, feeling like an idiot. This was a bad idea. Sera turned back to the door, going to unlock the deadbolt that the mystery woman had just engaged so she could go back to her car. Only the door wasn't there. Instead there was a blank wall.

"Wha-" she didn't even get a chance to finish her question as she was pushed face first against the wall, then flipped around and pinned to it. There were two men, one on each side of her. She struggled for a moment, but each had a firm grip on her and she wasn't going anywhere. So she stopped, and instead stood there glaring at them. 

"Marcus's new one." The man on her left said. "His note said she had potential."

"Indeed." The other man answered. "Let's see if she can follow instructions." 

Sera's trench coat was ripped open, revealing the lean line of her naked body that had been underneath it. She gasped at the sudden action, more in surprise at it than anything else. Marcus's instructions had been clear on this. If she went, she was to wear nothing but the coat and a pair of plain black heels and take nothing with her. She knew at some point she was going to be naked, just not so soon. 

Light flared around her as the men pulled her off the wall then stripped the coat completely off of her and threw it to the ground. She made no attempt to hide her body, it was in great shape. Her chocolate brown hair fell in loose waves down her mid back, and her pale skin was flawless. Sera was short, but her breasts were full and perky, her nipples faintly erect from the coolness of the room she was now in. She was also totally shaved. Another of Marcus's instructions. The two men circled around her, clearly inspecting her in the light and giving her the chance to do the same.

Both were well muscled but not obscenely so, taller than her, but that wasn't hard. Their skin was a medium tone, either they had some kind of ethnic blood or they spent a lot of time tanning. They could have been brothers or cousins, same skin tone, same short cropped dark hair that wasn't quite black. Both only wore a pair of jeans as they circled her with predatory grace.

"Marcus always sends us the pretty ones." The first man sighed.

"Yes, but did he send us predator... or prey?" Before Sera could react the second man seized her from behind, pulling her tight against his body. "Well darling?" He whispered hotly in her ear. "Predator or prey?"

"Neither!" Sera retorted, trying to jerk herself free. Instead she was only held tighter. As the man in front of her moved in, stopping only inches from her naked body. He towered over her as the man restraining her pulled her head to the side, exposing Sera's neck. The man in front of her kissed his way across her collar bone to the pulse point in her throat before lightly biting it. Her breathing sped up. "If you're going to play with me, at least give me your names."

The man kissing her neck raised his head to look her in the eyes. "I am Arius. The man holding you is Vitus. Your audition begins now. At any moment you may tell us to stop. We will cease our activities, give you clothes and you may leave. The moment you do so you will never see Marcus, or any of us again and you will never know what might have been. Do you understand?"

Sera swallowed, her heart racing. So far nothing had been done to her, not really. Aside from being sandwiched between two have naked men. She could leave. "I understand." She could leave. She wasn't going to. Arius smiled at her. "Good." Without any further words he leaned into her, kissing her. It was unexpected, but she quickly warmed to him, pulling Arius's closer until all three of their bodies were pressed tight against each other.

From behind Vitus moved her hair and began kissing her neck and shoulder. She gasped into Arius's mouth when Vitus bit down, a mixture of surprise, pain and pleasure. Arius chuckled, capturing her lower lip with his teeth and nibbling it gently for a moment before pulling back and kissing his way down her throat to her naked breasts. His tongue circled around her nipple, teasing it erect. A rough hand cupped her other breast, rolling the nipple between nimble fingers and until it too was hard. Sera leaned back heavily against Vitus's supporting body as he continued to kiss and nip her neck and shoulder.

Arius's tongue stopped dancing around her nipple and instead he drew her breast into his mouth, sucking hard as his hand continued to massage the other. "Oh god." Sera groaned, growing wet at the combined sensations between the two men. She ground her ass against Vitus's groin as the two men continued. Soon, too soon, Arius pulled back. "Couch or floor?"

"Couch." Vitus answered, picking Sera up and carrying her over to one of the black leather couches. He sat first, settling her onto his lap, her back pressed against his muscular chest and his growing erection trapped in the jeans underneath her bare ass. Vitus cupped her breasts with both hands, massaging them as Arius pushed their legs apart so he could kneel between them.

Arius kissed his way up her inner thigh, making Sera moan in pleasure...and anticipation. She was already wet and the thought of having Arius's face between her legs was only increasing her arousal. When his mouth got to her shaved pussy, Arius paused his kissing, lingering just before her wet pussy. She could feel his breath on her sensitive flesh, but maddeningly he did nothing. Frustrated, Sera growled and grabbed his head with her hands, pushing his face into her flesh. "Please!" She begged. Arius's hot tongue darted out and licked up her slit, giving her what she wanted. Sera moaned in pleasure as his tongue circled her clit, while Vitus continued to play with her breasts.

Sera twisted her head around, her mouth frantically searching for Vitus's. Their lips met in a passionate kiss. With one hand she kept pressure on the back of Arius's head as he continued to lick and suck her now soaking wet pussy. The other she twined in Vitus's hair as they kissed, her moans muffled against his lips. 

Suddenly two fingers were shoved roughly into Sera's dripping cunt. "Fuck!" She cried, pulling away from Vitus's kiss. "Oh god... fuck." She continued as Arius's fingers slid in and out of her and he sucked hard on her clit. She thrust her hips upwards against Arius's hand, her pussy tightening around the fingers inside her. 

"Floor." Vitus's rough voice penetrated Sera's fog of pleasure. Arius pulled away from her pussy, making her cry out in frustration. She'd been so close. Arius pulled her off of Vitus and the couch, onto the plush carpet that was covering the floor, she let him position her on her back, with her legs spread without complaint and was quickly rewarded by Arius returning to her pussy. He licked up her slit, sucking hard on her clit before plunging his tongue into her vagina. She was so wet, so fucking close to coming. "Oh god. Please. Arius." She begged. 

Arius ignored her please, continuing to torment her, keeping her at the edge of cumming before pulling back. No, Vitus stradled her chest, his pants gone and sporting a raging erection. He grabbed her breasts, pushing them around his hard cock. Now Vitus joined Sera in her moaning as he fucked her breasts, but only for a moment. Sera grabbed Vitus's ass, pulling him, and his cock closer to her eager mouth. The moment it was within reach she flicked her tongue across the tip of his penis, making Vitus groan. She circled the tip of his cock with her tongue, gently cupping his balls with one hand. His cock pulsed under her tongue as Sera licked down and then back up the shaft. With a groan, Vitus buried his cock in her mouth. He pounded into her mouth, fucking it with no regard for her comfort. 

The waves of pleasure built in Sera, as she sucked Vitus, as Arius continued to suck her own clit, thrusting three fingers into her soaking cunt. The orgasm hit her hard, her pussy clamping down hard on Arius's fingers as she ground her pussy against his face. Vitus pulled his cock from her mouth as Sera came, panting. "Oh god. Fuck. God yes." She cried out as her chest heaved and her body shook. The two men pulled away, leaving her alone on the floor, riding the high of her orgasm, but only for a moment.

Arius laid on the floor next to her, pulling Sera up on top of him. In the intervening moments he too had pulled his pants off and was now as naked as she was. She knew in an instant what he wanted, what they both wanted. Her pussy ached to be filled with a hard cock. She sunk down on top of Arius's hard cock, Vitus behind her and guiding it into her soaking wet but very ready pussy. She slowly lowered herself down on Arius, or at least started to, luxuriating in the feeling of his cock penetrating her. But Arius wasn't having it. He grabbed her hips and thrust upward, burying himself to the hilt in one powerful thrust. "FUCK!" Sera cried out as Arius held her in place pounding into her.

From behind, Vitus pushed Sera down so she was laying across Arius as he fucked her pussy, spreading her ass cheeks. Arius slowed his frantic thrusting, letting Vitus slowly slid a lubed finger into her puckered asshole, making her gasp. He worked her asshole, sliding his finger in and out and opening her up for what he really wanted to bury in her. Once she was ready, Vitus pulled his finger from her ass, smearing more lube around her asshole before putting his cock against it and slowly pushing his way inside her ass. Sera moaned as she was penetrated, had both holes filled. Then gasped in surprise as Vitus slapped her ass, hard. 

The two men gave her only a few moments to adjust to the sensation of being filled before really letting loose, drilling both her pussy and ass at the same time. She came again, hard, her pussy spasming around Arius's cock, and continued to cum in wave after wave of pleasure as the two men used her. Sera lost track of how long they fucked her, how many times she came, screaming. Abruptly Vitus pulled out of her ass, then grabbed her by her hair and dragged her off of Arius's cock and onto the floor next to them. The two men knelt over Sera's quivering body as they came on her chest and across her stomach. They stood, leaving her dazed on the floor and covered in their cum, her thighs and pussy drenched with her own cum. "Welcome to day one." Arius announced. "Clean yourself up then the real fun begins."

*****

Thanks for reading my first submission! Sera's story will continue, and there will be more fun elements added like lesbian and bisexual encounters, and BDSM, heavy on the S&M.