 Frolicking Through the Night: A Threesome With Three Orifices - A New Position and Some Excellent Advice - A little Incest - A Late Night Snack and More

About that last night-although only eighteen, I would have sworn only had one more fuck in me before requiring some much needed sleep. Alice insisted that I bestow it upon her sexual tutor, Denise, and I did so, but only after we engaged in an oral threesome which served to revive my slumbrous shaft.

It was Denise who set the scene for our salubrious sexual gyrations by having Alice recline on her back while I knelt behind her head and fed my cock to her oh so succulent mouth. Not to be left out, Denise got on hands and knees and attacked Alice's juicy cunt.

As I settled over Alice's face, I felt her nose and cheeks sliding across my wet, tumescent shaft, and then the indescribable sensation as she enveloped my cock with several "Gluck, gluck" sounds.

I reached down and tweaked her stiffened nipples, alternating between them. Her lean stomach quivered in response. I never knew if I caused it or if Denise's feverishly dancing tongue on her sex was responsible.

"Cum for us, Alice," Denise crowed triumphantly.

I could almost sense the stirring of Alice's orgasm building in my own prick as several sharp pangs of pleasure racked her lithe body from Denise's talented mouth as it worked on her cunt.

My cock slipped from Alice's mouth as she moaned, "Oh, yeah-fuck me with your nose!"

That made little sense to me, other than she had a side to her that was just coming out. Then too, Alice was hardly coherent as her orgasm rushed in on her, causing her to writhe and tremble while chanting, "Yes, yes, yes, yes!"

Denise, knowing what the other woman wanted, intensified her efforts, sucking harder at her clit, using her fingers to pummel the teen's cunt until poor Alice was enveloped in a series of mind-boggling spasms. It was an orgasm like no other. 

Denise allowed Alice to rest, occasionally stroking my shaft ensuring that it remained fully engorged and ready for use. Alice dozed off, snoring ever so softly.

One never knows when one will say something that is profound; nor does one know when one will say something equally stupid; especially when one is just eighteen. At any rate I chose that particular moment to ask what turned out to be one of the most important questions of my life.

Kissing each of her hands, I asked: "Denise, my love, I appreciate all that you've done for me. Tell me, what can I do to pleasure you more than anyone else?"

I heard her gasp at the question. Alice came out of her fugue-like state and went wide-eyed at Denise's response.

"I ... I've never been asked a question like that before, Donald."

I apologized immediately, only to be hushed and told to allow her a moment to answer.

My hands were now manipulating her breasts. Her nipples had stiffened and grown to full size, and as she replied I absentmindedly flicked them and rolled them while I absorbed her words for all time.

"I can't believe that someone so young would think to ask such a ... such a profound question."

"Well, I didn't ..." Denise didn't let me finish, interrupting to say, "For starters you can listen to my verbal responses. I ... I can't say for certain what they will be, or have been in the past. When I'm really excited and on the edge of cumming I have no idea of what I say, nor do I remember after."

"I've heard you say things like, 'faster, or harder,'" I offered. Off to my right, I saw Alice nodded her head in agreement.

"Exactly, and I think you try to follow those requests."

"I do," I said. "I really want to please you, Denise," and to illustrate my point, I left off her right breast and slid my hand between her thighs. 

She was already wet and ready for me. I lifted her up into my lap and began to play with her pussy and clit. As she got wetter, my fingers went deeper and pressed harder. A light stream of pussy juice was now flowing down my fingertips and into her panties and shorts.

"Cum for me, Darling," I whispered.

Denise moaned and came. Moments later, intent on repaying me, she removed my hand from between her legs and took my rubbery cock in hand and began jerking me off.

She stopped before I erupted and after about a minute said: "You asked me a serious question before." 

"Yes," I said.

"I didn't answer you completely."

"Oh?"

"The male should ask the woman what she wants. He should ask at an opportune moment, close to her orgasm. I believe that all women will answer honestly at that time. At any other time such questions will be met with dishonesty as often as truthfully. It's our nature to deceive the man. Our history has bred it into us. At least I think it has."

"That's it?" I said quietly.

"No, that's not it. Once the woman has told the man what it is that she desires from him, he should strive to give it to her. It might be a simple request, such as kissing her as they fuck. It might be something he finds extreme, and is reluctant to do for her. But if he does as she asks, she is his, forever, no matter what their circumstances."

"I don't understand, Denise. How can she be his forever?"

"Let's assume she's married. He can have her whenever he wants, of course it can't be under impossible circumstances, but in the normal course of events she will make herself available to him and more, she will do things for him most woman won't do for their husbands or lovers."

"What kinds of things?"

"Let me show you, Donnie dearest," suddenly abandoning me and skipped to the closet and rummaged in a small box before returning to me where I reposed on the rumpled sheets. I noticed that Alice was now awake and watching us.

Denise had a shy look on her face as she handed me the lubricant she'd gotten from the box. For the first time I knew what she was up too. Her eyes looked down and I watched her shiver as I opened the lube and poured some onto my palm.

"You've done this before?" I asked gently.

"Gentlemen don't ask such questions, Donald. It only leads to answers one may not want to hear."

"I see," I replied, understanding the implications in her answer. I applied some lubrication to her anus and heard her moan.

Alice moved closer to see what I was doing. "Did that hurt?" she asked, worriedly.

"No, of course not; I'm nervous, that's all."

I lubed my cock and pressed it against her rosy pucker.

"No! Don't you dare do it that way; use your finger first!" Denise said, her voice rising in fear.

I apologized for my stupidity and was relieved to hear her assure me that since it was my first excursion into an anus, it was not the end of the world. "Open me up with one and then two fingers first."

Alice watched dreamily as I introduced my middle finger to the rosy spider web of Denise's anus. Denise returned the favor by tickling my balls.

Moments later, Denise shuddered twice and said, "Donnie, would you add another, please?"

And with Alice's face mere inches away, I introduced my other middle finger to her anus and stretched her further while moving my mouth toward her cunt and sucking hard at the now frothy entrance.

I heard Alice's intake of breath as she saw both fingers prying Denise's asshole wider and wider without causing any apparent distress to Denise.

Denise was moaning with want by the time my second finger slithered into her ass. It was obvious she like anal sex. "Are you still hard?" 

she asked, reaching back to make certain of it. "Maybe Alice should suck it some."

"Alice?" I said hopefully.

"Oh, yeah, sure, Donnie!" Alice replied, taking me into her mouth and sucking hard.

I studied Denise's lower body, committing her ass to memory and to my surprise, I noted several pronounced, but fading bruises around her anus. I would later conclude that Frank had made them, for it certainly wasn't me. But for all I know she might have acquired them elsewhere. Denise, I would later discover, was something of a slut.

Alice removed me from her mouth, and breathing heavily, said, "You'll never be harder, Donnie, put it in her!"

The second I touched her, Denise began to push back and growl. It was a deep sound, full of things I didn't understand, but I held her hips and my cock as we broached the initial entry. I watched in awe as our bodies struggled against each other and I slowly sank into her asshole.

"Fuck my ass, Donnie!" Denise groaned. "I need to be filled back there!"

I hastened to change position to oblige the lady, leaving the bed and pulling her so that her ass was slightly raised in the air. 

"Are you really ..." Alice began; her eyes were as wide as I'd ever seen them.

"I ignored Alice and concentrated on Denise.

"Denise, won't that hurt terribly?"

"No, dear, not anymore than when you accepted him into you."

"But-but that's normal. This-this isn't-not at all."

"It hardly hurts when done properly, and Donnie has-as you can see-accomplished that with lubrication and gentle prying with his fingers."

"I'm ready, Donnie," she said, and I lost no time in first thrusting my prick up to the hilt in her cunt, to moisten it. Denise shuddered from the sensations it caused, perhaps she was experiencing another mini-orgasm, perhaps it was only the expectation of what lay ahead, in either case, I didn't care.

Seeing Alice licking her lips, I withdrew and let Alice to touch it before placing my throbbing member against the small orifice that lay gaping open before me.

Even to me it appeared I was attempting to penetrate a formidable fortress, and I had to remind myself that women occasionally passed turds of approximately the same size as men. 

Obviously, if women could rid themselves of feces that large they should be capable of accepting a cock like mine without too much discomfort.

The first inch was relatively easy. But then Denise cried out, "Stop a moment, Donnie, something's not right.

"What is it?" both Alice and I said at the same time.

"I need to ..." Denise started to say, but I was already reaching around to her front and massaging her clit. A moment later I increased the movement of my fingers.

"Oh-oh-OHHHH!" she sighed and came on my fingers. Apparently this caused Denise to relax just enough to allow me further entry. Now I made a decision to back out before delving any further into her shit-chute. On my next foray inward, I heard her grunt and felt her give a convulsive twitch. I shoved hard-and gained a full inch and a half.

Moments later I was fully embedded in her ass and moaning louder than she was. But I'm a little ahead of myself. I truly believe Denise was cumming before I was fully immersed, for she had a pillow stuffed in her mouth to quell her screaming-and that was very early on to say the least.

"Does that hurt, Denise?" Alice inquired. I glanced over at Alice. She had two fingers thrust up her twat and one working its way into her asshole. Apparently she wasn't paying any attention to me personally. She was intent on what my cock was doing, and on her own rapidly approaching orgasm as well, but not much else.

It wasn't the first time I'd thought of fucking Alice back there, but for the first time it certainly seemed doable. 

"I ... I never thought it, Donnie," she husked.

"Thought what, Dear Denise?"

"You must know that I've done this anal thing before. But I-I never felt like this..."

"Does it really hurt so badly, Denise?" Alice asked a second time.

Denise turned to look at Alice, gave her a warm smile and said, "No, Alice, it doesn't hurt much at all. But he-he's much thicker than my former lover, and it feels like I'm completely filled up with him."

It occurred to me that she meant someone other than Frank had fucked her from behind. I hadn't thought of that possibility at all. Suddenly a new door opened to me on how treacherous a woman could be. They could lie with one man, and then join another after washing themselves carefully. Neither man would know there'd been another inside her just minutes before, or after. 

I wouldn't have known about Denise and Alice had I not watched them through the peep-hole. Well, Denise knew I was watching, hadn't she? Of course, she had covered the hole the one time and opened it another, wanting me to see them. How was a man to know if a woman had just been with another woman; a subtle change in their perfume? Hardly. If they were careful, and most women are that, then the man hasn't a clue, unless he stumbles over them somehow, or they want him to know.

Somewhat angered by this discovery, I renewed my ass fucking and began rubbing her clitoris as well and soon had Denise huffing that she was going to cum from it. 

With each subsequent thrust Denise sobbed and her body shook. Then she began to sob and cry, urging me to fuck her harder and faster, which I tried my best to do.

"Are you cumming?" I asked, thinking she surely had to be with the racket she was making.

"YES! GOD ... YES!" she cried joyously as her ass clenched around my prick, and it was all I could do to keep pumping into her. 

The feeling of her tight sheath around me was exquisite, and brought me a fever pitch. Not to be outdone, Denise kept pushing back at me, yelling for me to go harder, in fact she actually urged me "to analize her. In my semi-confused state I thought she'd said analyzing and had to ask her why she'd used that word to describe what we'd done. That had her laughing for several minutes, before she gained control and explained exactly what she'd said and what it meant. Then I was laughing with her.

I used the next few minutes to tell her she was beautiful, that I adored every part of her body, and that she was much to kind to me. Alice, still fingering herself, nodded continuously, as if it were she that I was whispering the tender words too.

Both women seemed to love each and every word I uttered. And I improved as I went on, saying things about having to kiss and fondle her everywhere to show my appreciation. Denise's eyes sparkled with what I took to be love, and she allowed me to do as I wished with her. Pushing myself down the bed, I applied my lips and tongue to her slippery cunt, still wet with excitement. I also renewed my acquaintance with her delightful clit, and fingered her using three, then four fingers and finally sent my thumb into her gaping asshole.

Denise humped my face and after several delightful minutes discharged copiously into my mouth and face, causing me to sputter my thanks. While she shrieked with laughter, delighted that I'd made her 'shoot like a man!'

I turned my attention to Alice and went down on her as I had with Denise. She came quickly, but did not spurt any discharge. 

Denise cleaned my member off with a washcloth and the three of us lay entwined for a while, and then Denise began laughing crazily, and then made perfect sense by saying: "It's your turn, Alice. Let Donnie mount you now."

I kneeled on the edge of the bed. A serious look came across Alice's face and I wondered if she had realized how bizarre things had got. I truly expected her to change her mind and demand that I take her home. But, true to femininity everywhere, she surprised me by smiling at me while running her fingers over the pussy that I'd just munched away at for fifteen or so minutes.

"All right," she said. And that was that.

For some unknown reason I felt a desperate need to taste Alice's backside before penetrating it. I took hold of her legs and pulled her back toward me. I was kneeling on the floor; my face now level with her cunt. I reached forward and stroked my hands up the inside of her smooth thighs. 

"Do you like what you see?"

"Very much, Alice."

"What does it make you want to do?"

"Don't you mean, what am I going to do?"

There was no answer, but I heard her sigh, and realized that she and Denise were kissing. Undeterred, I rubbed my thumbs ever so lightly against the bone of her pelvis while I applied a series of soft kisses to her thighs.

After a minute or more of this combined with Denise's kisses, poor Alice was aflame with lust and had her hand between her legs so that she could rub her clitoris. I commenced to shift my thumbs to her asshole and worked them in, stretching her as I had with Denise earlier, and met no resistance from Alice at all. 

I began kissing her anus, then moved to sucking and licking away at it, while Alice wriggled her ass from the delightful sensations I was causing.

"Are you almost ready, Donald?" Denise cooed, having broken off her kissing with Alice.

"Getting there, getting there," I replied.

"He's kissing my ass," Alice said, then giggled, "I never thought I'd actually have somebody do it, you know? I mean, it's an expression you hear every day, but..."

I stuck my tongue into her ass.

"OH! OHMYGOD!"

"Are you tonguing her, Donnie?" Denise said quickly. There was an excitement in her voice that hadn't been there through all of our previous sex.

"Mmmm, yes, why, am I not supposed too?"

She laughed wantonly, and said, "You are the naughtiest boy! You keep surprising me."

"Isn't he though?" Alice added, gyrating her rear as fast as any stripper I've come across in the years since. 

I decided it was time to fuck her there, and sent a finger into her backside. Alice didn't make a sound, but her ass was quivering. I decided she was opened enough to try entering and guided my cock to her entrance and gave a shove.

"UGH!" she gasped, but that was the only sound she made as I maneuvered my way inside her anus. 

I gave another shove and found myself fairly well embedded in her ass.

Actually, I had less trouble entering Alice's ass than I'd had with Denise. Alice was an inch or so taller than Denise, but other than that I couldn't fathom why she was less troublesome than the more anally experienced woman, but that's the way it was.

She began moving, rotating her hips just slightly. It felt very exquisite. My mouth had left her anus nice and wet, and as I burrowed into her I couldn't resist feeling her thighs and breasts from behind. I pulled out, slid my cock down and allowed the head to rest against the lips of her sex. Alice moaned loudly, "Yeah, oh, yeah ... put it in!"

I moved to comply, but Denise intervened. "No don't do that!" she warned.

"What's the matter?" I asked.

"You don't go from anal to vaginal, Donnie. It's dirty-I mean, really dirty. You can transport fecal matter into her vagina and cause all sorts of problems. One must take care in these matters. One must ..." She paused trying to think of an acceptable explanation.

"We understand," Alice said, answering for both of us.

I placed my cock back at her anal entrance. 

"Slowly. Very slowly," Alice said as I reentered her asshole.

I did as she asked, slowly allowing the head to be sucked in by the desire of her anus. When it was in, she told me to remain still, and began rotating her hips. The feeling was superb. 

I pushed again, just a bit. She moved. I pushed. Before long, I could feel her ass cheeks against my belly.

"Now, baby, I'm going to fuck you hard," I said. But first I tried to get in a better position to do so, and exited her then repositioned myself and reentered her.

"Feels good," Alice chirped.

Denise was milking Alice's breasts and she seemed to like it. I made a point to remind myself to try that with her another time—and did with wonderful results.

But I digress, I began fucking Alice, deliberately changing the angle of my thrusts.

"Oh yeah! That's it! That's it! Fuck me, Donnie!"

Seeing that Denise was no longer playing with Alice's breasts, I reached around with a hand and gave one a nice squeeze.

"That's nice, baby!" she cooed.

I increased the pace of my fucking.

Alice prattled, "Oh, baby ... you ... are ... something ... OH, OH, OH!"
