 I slept a little more soundly on the Sunday night although I did have some very vivid dreams, mostly of a sexual flavour, my thoughts seemed to stray back to the erotic swimming session in the afternoon where I had been unable to stop myself sporting an erection in front of my new work colleagues, despite my embarrassment, they didn't seem at all put out by my display, if anything they seemed to enjoy checking me out, I suppose they were naturally curious about the new guy; and why not, after all I was going to be present when they were being intimate with students and patients in the therapy sessions and I was old enough to be a father to most of them.

Yeah.....old enough to be classed as a dirty old man, some would say!

Jana had told me to expect the dreams, apparently they were another well known side effect of taking Compound X, that's the clever chemical stimulant used at the Academy to keep the male staff members really potent and ready to perform almost endlessly, at least that's what I was told; I'd had a little sample of it, but until I saw the effects with my own eyes on the people around me I was going to remain a little sceptical about such bold claims, if the stuff was really as good as that why wasn't somebody making a fortune out of selling it in every pharmacy in the land.

My primary role was going to be taking notes and recording events during therapy, both in writing and on video, I would also be taking temperature readings and pulse rates during live sessions and asking patients questions during the action, when presumably the staff members involved would be too busy to do those things themselves, I had been warned that it would often mean my getting involved in the hands on physical stuff but I was bracing myself for that and hoping I'd be able to cope with it when it occurred.

You might be wondering how an organised establishment like ASS could function so well with only the few people I have so far described on the staff, I was puzzled too until I probed for more information with Jana, it turned out that there were plenty of others on call but they didn't have to live on the premises like us, of course they were all subject to the same strict code of conduct and had to observe the same rules of behaviour and yes, they were all probed up so they could be monitored by the computer system, but they didn't all turn up on the same days apparently, some activities being more demanding on bodies than others.

WHY DIDN'T I GET TO BE A PART TIMER?

YOU DIDN'T KNOW ABOUT THEM WHEN YOU APPLIED.

FAIR ENOUGH, BUT IT WOULD HAVE BEEN NICE.

STOP MOANING, YOU'RE GOING TO GET PAID TO WATCH PEOPLE HAVING SEX, WHAT MORE DO YOU WANT?

OKAY, ON WITH THE TALE THEN.....

I had set my alarm for seven so I could be fully awake for the checks at half past, right on time it went off and I was instantly alive, the idea of the checks had been playing on my mind quite a bit and I wanted to confront them and get it over and done with, I had a quick pee and brushed my teeth, nobody had said if having a shower beforehand was allowed or even anything about breakfast, so I just sat on my bed and fiddled with my.....

BEHAVE YOURSELVES.

.....my laptop.....

WHAT DID YOU THINK I WAS GOING TO SAY?

I was hoping that Jana would knock on my door to accompany me down to the office, I could have killed for a cup of tea right then.

There was a bold knock and my door swung open, it was just as well I was wearing my shorts.

THEY'VE SEEN IT ALL BY NOW, STOP THINKING LIKE A PRUDE.

YEAH WELL, I'M NOT USED TO PARADING MY NAKED BODY AROUND EVERY DAY.

OH SHUT UP.....WIMP!

"Morning David, did you sleep well?"

It was Penny, wearing her full nursing uniform including the little white cap, she was all in white really, a short starched overall with poppers up the front, the waist nipped in with one of those broad belts, her long legs were encased in swirls of white something or other with a nice pattern and high heeled white court shoes completed the look.

"Morning Penny....."

"What's wrong David?"

"Nothing, no, I was kind of expecting to see Jana that's all."

"Oh really, Jana was called down early for another reason, won't I do?"

Saying this, she gave me a twirl and I admired her statuesque form, she bulged in all the right places, her golden hair was pinned up tightly under the cap, just a couple of stray wisps escaping and looking down past her broad hips I could see that her white stockings even had seams up the back!

"Come on then, let's get to it shall we?"

Penny grabbed my white cotton bathrobe from the back of the door and tossed it over to me, I stood up and put it on quickly, not knowing quite how my body was going to respond to stimulation of the visual kind and Penny was certainly kicking things off in that outfit.

"You look pensive this morning David, worried even, try not to be, what we do on Mondays is vital to our continued existence here, our good security is one reason why we attract so many interesting clients and though it might seem daunting at first, you'll soon get the hang of it."

"I know, I mean yes, I suppose you're right, it's just that the guys were winding me up a bit about having to do all kinds of crazy things, you know, in front of everyone....?"

"Oh I know, they always stir things with a newcomer, it's just a bit of fun really, you won't be forced to do anything you're not comfortable with David, trust me."

She turned and I followed obediently, she had a very commanding presence in the uniform and following her swaying rear as she click clacked down the polished corridor was mesmerising, she threw me a glance over her shoulder and caught me checking out her butt, the back of her tunic had a slit cut into it to about mid thigh level and I was getting the occasional glimpse of stocking top.

"It's okay David, you need to be in the mood, I already know you like my uniform, in fact most of the guys seem to wake up when I'm wearing this, you men.....like little boys half the time."

DRESSED LIKE THAT WHAT DO YOU EXPECT?

We arrived at the office door and entered, just inside to the right was a screened off counter in the corner with refreshments on it and the coffee smelled fantastic!

"Help yourself to something and then come and join us."

I took a quick peep around the edge of the screen and saw that the small room was fairly full, everyone except Penny was wearing a similar white bathrobe to my own, including Valerie, they were made of cotton and light enough for the summer weather but also very voluminous, so as to render the wearer quite shapeless if they wanted to be.

"Morning....."

"Morning old sport, come and join us."

"Be right there Hugh."

Although he came across as a bit of a pervert, I kind of liked Hugh Grantly for some reason, though I couldn't exactly put my finger on why as yet; there was orange juice, milk, tea and coffee to choose from and an assortment of handy breakfast snacks, mostly muesli bars and healthy stuff like that, I couldn't resist the dark aroma from the coffee pot so I was just pouring myself a cup of Java when the door opened and in strolled Angus Duff, no bathrobe for him though.

SCRUFFY LOOKING BASTARD!

The obese handyman gardener was dressed in a greasy set of dungaree style overalls with no shirt underneath, his flabby ham shank arms were bare and his repulsive looking chest bulged into view from the edges of the broad bib top, he had this very thick neck which kind of incorporated his double chin and as he turned to close the door I was granted the great privilege of seeing his hairy back beneath the broad straps, the ginger tufts poking out here and there reminded me of an Orang Utan I'd seen on a documentary recently, he saw me looking and grunted something incoherent, so I gave him a half smile and said hello as I selected a chewy bar.

WHAT A SLOB!

Next thing you know, I'm stuck in the corner stirring milk into my coffee with Angus standing close to me while reaching for the teapot and the smell of body odour that hit my nose was appalling, his overalls were covered in various stains and blobs of ground in grease and other dubious looking stuff, I tried to ignore him as he poured a mug of tea and deluged it with sugar, then thank the good Lord, he stepped away slightly and I breathed a sigh of relief.

He gave me a look that could have withered the toughest patch of nettles and picked up three cereal bars before waddling off round the screen, I followed him to find the other staff members dotted in a semicircle around Penny's desk, she was fiddling with her laptop and next to that was some kind of shiny looking probe thing with a tiny red light on the blunt end which flashed now and then, it seemed to be linked in some way to her computer

AMAZING, A BLUETOOTH DILDO, WHATEVER NEXT?

Everyone looked fairly relaxed and I got a few friendly smiles, though Steve and Brian looked at each other rather seriously and then at me, in unison they shook their heads and made an exaggerated wanking motion and I wondered again what I was in for, Penny noticed and told them to stop larking around and the lovely Erica, bubbly as usual, blew me a rather theatrical kiss and told me not to worry.

GET A GRIP MAN.

The ladies were each seated on stools which had comfy padded tops and the men stood behind them, one stool was vacant, Brian was with Erica, Steve with Valerie, Hugh was positively beaming behind a tiny looking Asian girl whom I guessed might be Kumi, but there was no sign of Jana which I thought was rather strange.

IT WAS MEANT TO BE ME AND JANA THIS MORNING, SHE SAID SO!

Angus went to stand behind the empty stool and slurped his tea noisily, he stared at me with a - what the fuck do you want - look on his face, so I stood there and felt myself colouring up, wondering what the hell to do next, feeling like the proverbial spare prick at a wedding.

Valerie spoke up, all matter of fact and busy sounding as usual.

"Okay Penny, you have the floor, take charge of them dear."

Penny picked up the shiny probe and inspected it briefly, it looked very much like a slim vibrator of some kind and then she picked up this imitation cunt object, I was pretty sure I'd seen them in sex toy ads in adult magazines, it was made of some very pliable synthetic material and she bent it around and pushed two fingers deep inside it as though she was checking for something, after that she stuck the probe in it and checked her computer screen for something, she seemed very methodical in her preparations.

"Okay boys and girls, that's everything calibrated, you all know the drill by now, apart from David of course, the system is active and ready to go, there's just a couple of things I need to say before we start."

Penny had pointed to the light panel above the door, green and red were both off so it wasn't going to be a big free for all, anyway I wasn't expecting an orgy, Penny looked at me and waved me towards the vacant stool.

"Sit down David, say hello to Kumi on your right, we were not expecting her but she got back in the early hours, so she's a bit jet lagged, despite that though, she wants to do her duty, as always."

I nodded to the petite dusky girl with the almond shaped eyes on the stool nearest to mine, she cupped her hands and bobbed her head in a sweet bow, she had very delicate features and long black hair which was plaited and hanging across one shoulder, her skin was the same colour as my coffee and she looked much too young to be in this assembly I thought.

"Hello Mr Banks.....err, David, I very pleased to be meeting you sir, I hope you will be happy with us here."

NOT HALF LOVE!

"Err, yes, so do I Kumi, thank you."

It's fascinating how Orientals have such respect for older people and a stronger sense of family unity, Kumi was lovely, but I could only see her from the neck up, the rest of her body was engulfed in the baggy robe and I knew already that I wanted to see her in the showers one morning, she seemed a little nervous and I realised she was half looking over my shoulder at the fat man behind me, I was uncomfortably aware of the vulgar Scotsman standing there because he had just dropped his cereal bar wrapper on the floor next to me and was already ripping into a second one.

"I've let you choose your own partners this morning boys and girls because we have the rota well under control, with the exception of David once again, you'll have to engage with a different female each week David to make sure we register your sensor with everyone in turn."

WOW....!

"Yes of course Penny, whatever you say."

I looked around the room at the others, nobody seemed fazed by that and Erica gave me a lusty wink, I tried to stay nonchalant about it but inside I was flipping somersaults, it sounded like I was going to have it off with a different female each Monday!

"May I remind you all that we have a hectic schedule ahead of us this week, we don't need heroics this morning, all you need to do is engage with your partner long enough to allow the system to detect a proper contact and then you can stop and withdraw, if you want to."

Penny spoke the last words very slowly and cast a serious glance around the room, Valerie nodded her approval like the good leader that she always tried to be but she looked ravishing in the white robe with her black hair neatly piled high in an opera diva style.

Brian whispered something in Erica's ear and she swatted his leg playfully, but she was wearing her broad Playboy smile and looked radiant, the front of Brian's robe was being extended and he leaned against Erica's back to let her feel his growing erection.

"However, if you really feel the need for more, I won't intervene, let's just say that too much effort expended now could result in a lack of vigour later in the day."

"Leave off Penny, we've got the Compound X!"

"I know, but it's not the answer to every situation Brian."

"Just a quick refresher about who's doing what today, Kumi will be assisting Hugh for Doctors and Nurses in room one."

That got my attention straight away.

"Then we have Erica with Brian and Steve in the gymnasium, they will be looking after Keep Fit For Naturists."

"Valerie will be flitting around keeping an eye on things with David in tow and that just leaves dear Jana, I will be giving her a hand with Bankers Under Stress."

WHAT THE FUCK IS THAT ALL ABOUT?

Penny reached for the remote and switched on the large screen television where I'd seen the lovely Alison on that first memorable day while giving my sperm sample.

It got everyone's attention because Jana was there on the screen, looking gorgeous with her blonde hair pinned up in a bun, she was taking off her grey office style blouse in front of three middle aged men to reveal the flimsy red bra she was wearing underneath, there was no sound at the moment so we could only watch as this very serious looking, well dressed man pointed to her skirt and waggled a finger impatiently.

SHE SHOULD BE DOING THAT FOR ME!

Jana looked worried as she unzipped her skirt and shucked it down to the floor, the rest of her expensive looking lingerie was also bright red including the flimsy panties and suspender belt but the stockings were black with lacy tops to them, she stood in front of the men in her high heels looking worried, the men were all dressed in business suits and sitting on stools similar to ours.

"As you can see girls and boys, Jana is going to be our source of inspiration this morning, for your benefit David, we often set up things like this to add a touch of spice to the proceedings, the gentlemen on the screen are part of the bank managers party who will be staying with us this week and before you ask, no, they are not aware we are watching them, they think it's all part of the course."

Penny turned up the volume.

"You have been warned before Miss Jones about wearing the correct company uniform, what have you to say this time?"

"But who's going to see it sir?"

"That's not the point you silly girl, we have rules here at the bank, they must be observed, what if you had an accident, what if you fainted and the paramedics loosened your clothing to find this.....this gaudy outrage?"

"That's ridiculous.....sir."

"Oh really, well what about when you lean over the copier, what will our customers think of us if they see you wearing a red garter belt?"

"I don't care, it's my body, my underclothes, you shouldn't even be looking and you know it!"

"Really, do you hear that gentlemen, is it the office tease we have here do you think?"

"She must know the regulations by now, she's been with us for over a year, white underwear Miss Jones with flesh coloured tights, except for special occasions like inspection days when black will be expected, plus stockings.

"But why all the rules, what's wrong with being an individual, a girl's got to have a chance to express herself."

"Do you need to flaunt yourself so brazenly girl, I mean just look at those tiny panties gentlemen, she might as well not bother at all."

"Disgusting behaviour if I might say so sir, I think we should let her go, for the sake of the bank's good reputation."

"Oh please Mr Porter, I really need this job, don't fire me, please, I'll do anything to keep it.....anything."

I gulped at the sight of Jana on the screen as the enormity of the situation began to sink in, she was performing for us, acting out a part and doing it really well, she sounded very convincing, looking around our group I saw the ladies standing up, turning to the guys behind them and having a kiss and a cuddle, allowing a little fondle here and there, all eyes were on the screen though as Jana started to sob very dramatically.

"Oh she's so good."

"Yeah, she should have gone into show business like you Erica."

"I was a model Steve, not an actress."

"Funny, I thought they usually said it the other way round?"

"Exactly, most do, which is why I got out before I ended up in porn flicks."

I looked at Penny and raised my shoulders in a - what about me - kind of gesture, the couples all seemed to be getting into it and all I had behind me was the old fart with the bad breath and the manky overalls!

"Don't worry David, we are short of ladies this morning I know, so you'll have to wait for one to become available."

"But I....?"

Looking across I watched as Brian sat on the stool and let his robe fall open, he was already sporting a half hard on and it was very impressive even like that, Erica giggled naughtily and started to wank him in front of the whole gathering and pretty soon she had him up and fully hard, his erection was massive, she shrugged her own robe off her shoulders and it fell to the floor to reveal her saucy see through nightie, it was a kind of white baby doll with a frothy hem, the bits just covering her nipples were no more than small embroidered flowers really, held in place by strands of pearl like cords which emphasised the shape of her ample breasts perfectly.

"Ohhhh, ye lovely wee darlin'."

Behind me Angus was staring open mouthed at Erica as she flaunted her gorgeous body in front of us, Angus had his hands down inside his massive pockets, they were moving around, I looked more closely over my shoulder and could see a strip of flesh near his wrist.

THEY'RE NOT PROPER POCKETS.....JUST SLITS TO GIVE HIM EASY ACCESS TO HIS TOOLS!

Things were moving fast around me and I didn't want to miss anything, as Erica cocked her leg over Brian to sit on his lap, she let us all see that she'd forgotten her panties and my cock lurched at the sight.

I've never been able to decide which is more of a turn on, to suddenly discover that your woman is not wearing knickers or to enjoy watching her take them off for you?

FASCINATING QUESTION DAVE.
