 I have worked for Stephenson Pontiac-Buick for five years as Service Advisor.

It is my job to book new car customers' cars in for servicing. Mostly for warranty work but it was up to me to sell them additional "routine maintenance" which is customer pay, where the Service Department makes its money.

Service Advisors' performance is rated on the average amount of "customer pay" service per written work order. I made the top of the list almost every month and always earned my bonus.

There are two other Service Advisors, Geo Jenkins who had been a mechanic in his younger years and Kelly Brearley, a cutesy young blonde just out of vocational school. Brearley relied heavily on sex appeal to talk the mostly male customers into spending their money.

Brearley was a nineteen-year-old "know-it-all" fresh in the business after a ten-week training course and we never got along from day one.

Kelly always left an extra button undone on her shirt so the guys could see more of her perky young tits as they stood across the counter from her. She would make suggestive remarks and imply that she was open to socializing with them.

As a married woman and mother of a teenager I tried to conduct myself professionally and offer good honest advice to customers. I did not believe in mixing work and sex.

Each month Arnold Giesler the Service manager would hold a service department meeting after hours to discuss service department matters. The entire service department staff attended, counter staff, the shop foreman, control tower operator and all sixteen mechanics.

Fred Pierce, the dealership's bookkeeper, was scheduled to present a pep talk at the next meeting to promote the mechanics up selling work. Fred had asked me to attend wearing a bikini with five-dollar bills pinned over it.

At thirty-six I still had a figure that looked good in a bikini, especially one with three hundred dollars covering it! 

After the service department closed we all met in the dealership's meeting room, a large room setup with tables and chairs above the showroom.

There was a good turnout, must have been close to fifty people there.

Everyone was sitting around eating pizza and drinking beer supplied by the dealer as an incentive to attend. After I had a couple of pieces of pizza Fed Pierce approached me and asked me to come with him to his office to change into my bikini.

Fred's office was just down the hall from the meeting room so off we went. I took my bikini out of my bag and as it was obvious Pierce was going to watch me change I started to undress.

Fred Pierce is a kindly man, about fifty or so and married to a lovely lady. Fred has a beautiful daughter who is attending university but he still had an eye for good-looking women.

I unbuttoned my shirt and slipped it off revealing my well-filled 38"D" bra. Next I removed my skirt and stood before Fred in my panties and bra.

Fred scanned my body as I reached behind and unhooked my bra strap. When I brought the bra forward my creamy white mounds tumbled out into Fred's view. Without hesitating I tugged my panties down over my hips and stepped out of them. I was now completely naked before the leering bookkeeper.

I do not shave my pussy but maintain a well-trimmed bush. Fred gazed at my curly mound as if it were one of the wonders of the world.

"Very nice." He said as he evaluated my body.

The bikini was easy to put on, as it was just a little yellow string number I had picked up to wear in the tanning salon.

I arranged it so it covered the critical areas and then told Fred he could begin pinning on the money.

Fred approached me with a bundle of fives and a package of pins.

He started pining the bills to my top. Putting his fingers under the cups so as not to stick the pins into my breast he carefully started fastening the bills on. I realized Fred was getting a feel of my tits at the same time and knew he couldn't wait to start on my bottoms.

Fred managed to get a hundred dollars fastened to my skimpy top before moving down. 

His fingers went into my bush as he started pining fives to the small triangle covering my snatch. As he pinned on the bills his fingers kept moving as if he were trying to finger-fuck me. I was stating to get a little horny as he moved around to my ass.

He had no trouble pining the balance of the bills on the wider expanse of material covering my butt.

"O.K. we're ready." He said, "Let's go back."

With three hundred dollars and not much else covering me we returned to the meeting room.

All eyes were on me as we entered the room. There were a few hoots of approval and wolf-whistles as Fred lead me to the front of the group.

"O.K. guys, making money is as easy as picking it off this beauty." Fred started his pep talk.

"I want each of you to come up and help yourselves to some of the cash Michelle is wearing." Fred invited.

There was an immediate stampede to get the bills pinned to me.

Hands were all over me pulling off five-dollar bills as fast as they could. In the skirmish the ties holding my bikini in place either intentionally of accidentally became undone allowing my swimsuit to disappear along with the cash. In seconds I was standing naked in front of all my co-workers!

That was the point where everything went totally wrong.

No longer satisfied with five-dollar bills hands started groping my naked body. My tits were squeezed, my ass fondled and fingers explored my wet slit. I knew I was going to get fucked.

I was dragged in the center of the group over to one of the meeting tables and placed on top of it.

No one came to my rescue as hands held me spread-eagle on my back to be claimed by their hard cocks.

Herman, the German front-end mechanic was the first to mount me. I was held securely as Herman's cock forced its way into me.

"No! No! Please don't!" I begged uselessly.

Herman groaned with pleasure as he began fucking me. In and out of my cunt is cock slid as he worked himself up to an orgasm.

In minutes his body stiffened as he pumped his jism into me.

"Oh God!" I moaned realizing he had ejaculated in me.

As Herman pulled his spent cock out of me it was replaced by Bruce Brampton's. Bruce is the short chubby control tower operator.

While Bruce was fucking me a queue of fifteen guys had formed to dip their cocks in me.

"Haven't you guys heard of condoms?" I asked as Bruce's cock squished in and out of Herman's cum.

Bruce paid no attention as he quickly added his sperm to Herman's.

Bruce was in the process for cumming in me when I felt a cockhead being pressed against my lips. Fingers pinched my nostrils closed and when I opened my mouth to gasp for a breath of air the cock entered my mouth.

I twisted my glanced up to see whose cock was in my mouth. I saw the face of my boss Arnold Giesler grinning back at me. I was sucking my boss's cock!

"Suck it Honey and I will give you a bonus." He promised.

I knew the bonus he was referring to, a mouthful of his salty cum.

My lips sealed around Giesler's shaft as another in my soaking wet pussy replaced Bruce's cock.

If only my husband could see me now. Rick always thought Giesler had the hots for me and here I was with his cock filling my mouth.

I had always refused to suck Rick's cock when he asked and now I had my boss's cock in my mouth up to his balls.

I inhaled and formed a vacuum around Giesler's meat. My tongue started to stroke his rock-hard cock in my warm, wet mouth.

"Oh God yes!" Giesler moaned grabbing the back of my head and pushing me onto his cock.

I now had two cocks fucking me, one in my cunt, the other skull-fucking my head.

Looking up I saw I was surrounded by the guys from the garage, most with their cocks in their hands waiting for their turn to stick it in me. I knew I was in for a long night before they were all satisfied.

Some of the guys had convinced Kelly to suck their cocks. She was in the corner of the room, topless with Glen Day's cock in her mouth.

Day was a young twenties mechanic, married but a real womanizer. He had a look of ecstasy on his face as Brearley slurped on his cock.

Giesler's cock began throbbing in my mouth and I knew he was going to cum. I decided I would swallow his gooey sperm quickly and get it over with.

He started spurting a stream of thick slimy jism across my tongue. I gulped, trying to swallow the crud as quickly as he delivered it.

God he cum a lot! The snot slid down my throat like a mouthful of a sardine milkshake.

I tenderly licked off the head of his cock and kissed it before allowing it to leave.

"Nice going Michelle, now Giesler will tell everybody how you enjoyed sucking his cock!" 

Tony Ranelli climbed on top of me next. Ranelli was not even a mechanic, just the service department janitor. The gray hair Italian caretaker slid his thick clock into my now drenched pussy.

His breath reeked of garlic and stale cigarette smoke as he kissed my lips. His tongue forced its way into my mouth and our tongues began to wrestle. He must have tasted the residual of Giesler's cum that coated my mouth.

I squirmed under him but that only excited his cock, which was buried deep inside of me. The situation was hopeless and I give up. My legs wrapped around his hips and I drew myself up onto his cock.

There was a round of cheers when the spectators saw I was beginning to respond. Now more than ever the guys wanted to fuck me. 

As soon as I started actively fucking the guys that stirring deep inside of me begin. Oh my God, I was going to cum!

I tried to relax to prevent having an orgasm but one hard cock after another was too much to resist. As each cock cum in me I ebbed slowly closer to my own climax. 

John Felice was in me when it happened. John is a young twenties Italian mechanic who had always been friendly with me. 

"Oh John, I'm going to cum!" I groaned.

John was on top of me, my ankles on his shoulders, and he had me all to himself. 

It was truly a bizarre situation having a coworker's cock in me and about to share an orgasm with him.

"Fuck me John, make me cum!" I pleaded. 

Felice kissed me as we begin making love together. 

Our tongues intertwined as John's stokes became quicker and quicker igniting my orgasm. 

"Oh my God!" I cried as the spasms took over my body.

It begins around the head of John's cock and quickly shoots through me like ten thousand volts of electricity. Up through my torso, radiating into my limbs and finally smashing my mind like a kaleidoscope castle in the sky bedazzled with stars and rockets of every color in the rainbow.

The rapture was too great, blackness closed in as I lost consciousness.

Gradually my senses returned to me. John was still on top of me and I felt his spent cock still filling my pussy.

"That was the best fuck I have ever had Michelle." John smiled.

I just returned his smile not wanting to admit that I had enjoyed it more than fucking my husband.

There were only a few guys after John and I was so high on the euphoria of cumming with him I didn't mind them using my now sloppy fuck hole.

"You had a good night Michelle." Pierce said back in his office as I dressed.

I wondered how I would feel the next day when I had to face the guys who had fucked me silly?