 "You should come," said Bill. "You need it."

This long-time friend, who helped see me through my divorce which occurred about a year after his, wanted me to join him at some kind of sex party.

"I don't know. It seems kind of desperate. And I thought these groups didn't allow single guys."

Bill snorted. "You are desperate. This is invitation only so they control how many girls and how many guys. Some are couples, some are singles. They said okay when I told them I wanted to bring a good-looking male friend."

"Hmmph," I said. "I'd say I'm average looking and this could be embarrassing. What if no girl wants me?"

Bill put his beer down. We're in his living room half-watching baseball. "Listen," he said. You're an attractive guy and if you put yourself out there you'd get laid. But you've become a hermit and this will get you back in the game. Plus, it's an hour away from here. You'll never see these people again. Oh, and the host told me they'll have a newbie so you're guaranteed to see some action."

"Newbie? Do you mean me?"

"No, a newbie is a girl who's available to all the guys at the beginning of the party so you're okay even if the other girls don't want you. You should at least cop a good feel of the newbie even if she's not that appealing. It's the polite thing to do."  

Okay, he's got a point. I would definitely like to take a break from masturbating and I've never been to any kind of sex party. I've only had one threesome—my ex and another girl. That was fun but it didn't save our marriage. I should be open to something new and, hopefully, exciting.

"All right, I'll do it."

Bill grinned. "That's my boy. I'll pick you up Saturday about 8."

We went back to watching the game.

Saturday came quickly, Bill picked me up on schedule and off we went to some quite rural country. 

"You've been to these parties before?" I asked.

"Oh yeah," said Bill. "And I always get laid. They don't always have a newbie to take advantage of but the girls are after the same thing as the guys so your chances are good."

Eventually, we came to a long driveway and what looked like a farmhouse. But no farm—just a big lawn and woods. Seven or eight cars were parked and I could hear music coming from inside the house. We went inside.

Several men and women, fully dressed, were standing around drinking and chatting. Off to one side was a nude woman—nude except for a blindfold which looked like a sleep mask. She was bent over at a 90 degree angle, gripping a railing and with her wrists tied by cloths to the railing. She appeared to be in her 30s or early 40s with a good shape and a really nice ass. She probably could have lost a pound or three but still a very nice body.

A man who turned out to be Andrew, our host, came over, greeted Bill who pointed at me and said, "This is Jack." 

"Say hello to Amy," said Andrew, pointing to the nude woman. Bill walked over, gave Amy's ass a rub and headed toward the bar. That wasn't what I would call copping a good feel so I guess we were going to take things slowly to start. The newbie had nothing to say. I rubbed her butt and followed Bill who then introduced me to several other people.

It wasn't long before people started getting undressed and guys wandered over to Amy. Now was the time for the "good feel" or maybe the good fuck. I waited to see what others would do. Three or four men felt her up, rubbing all over. One gave her a nipple twist ("Ow," she said). Another slapped her boobs and her ass pretty hard. Each guy would step back to let another man in—no one was trying to fuck her at least not yet. I was last to go and I gave the woman a gentle overall feel.

After I stepped back a guy who had already gone stepped in, rubbed her crotch and then knelt down behind her and started licking her pussy. She made appreciative noises as he continued for several minutes. Finally, Bill came over and put his erect cock on her lips. She let him in and that seemed to be the signal for the other man to stand up and insert himself in her pussy. I always enjoyed watching "spit roasting" in porn and the live show was even better. The three of them got in a good rhythm of swinging back and forth and that went on for several minutes. The spectators, including me, enjoyed the show.

Bill pulled out of her mouth without cumming while the other guy kept going, had his climax and pulled away. The other guy's licking of her pussy seemed to be the full extent of him caring for her pleasure.

"Saving myself for something better," Bill whispered. I looked around at the other women—naked or half-naked now. I'd say there were a couple better looking than Amy and another two or three not as good.

Bill grinned. "Get in there and give her a good fucking. She needs it." I was fully erect, of course, and decided this was my time. I moved over to Amy, saw that the host had thoughtfully left a bottle of oil nearby. I poured some on her back and proceeded to give her a nice massage—back, shoulders, boobs, ass. I avoided any rough stuff as the previous guys had not been very gentle—maybe she would appreciate this treatment.

I poured some oil down the crack of her ass, felt around her very wet pussy and then put an oily finger on her asshole. She had been saying, "oh, oh," now she changed that to "no, no." I love ass fucking and that's what I wanted so I switched out of nice guy mode and slapped her pretty hard, three times. She got the message and went back to "oh, oh."

My finger went in her asshole about an inch and then I paused. "Mmmm, oh, oh" from Amy. I pushed further until the finger was fully inserted. She was into it now, no objections. I pulled in and out a few times, then added a second finger. This was tight but I got it in. Some more in and out and then scissoring of my fingers. I was hoping to open her up, at least a little bit.

The spectators were making some noise and I think were watching eagerly. I was ready to fuck her but wondered if I should give her a good spanking first. She might have liked that but I decided I couldn't wait. I removed my fingers and knocked on her back door with my cock. I went in an inch as I had first done with my finger and then paused. Her noises seemed to indicate approval so I pushed further and was soon all the way in. I could feel her push back against me—we both wanted the penetration to be as deep as possible.

I started fucking her slowly. "Oh my God, oh my God," she moaned, her first actual words.

Oh my God is right—I thought I recognized the voice! Could this be Jessica, my Rotary Club President? The voice sure seemed right as well as the hair. Size and shape of "Amy's" body? That seemed about right as well. I had not said a word to her so there was no way she would have recognized me.

I knew the Amy name meant nothing; I had thought about using a fake name myself. I didn't know Jessica well but as I was the Past President we had had many conversations. She's in her late 40s, divorced, no boyfriend that I know of.

(A brief aside about Rotary—you're probably thinking, old, stuffy, Republican men, business owners and retirees sitting around snoring and farting. Well, no, not any more. At least not my club—women were more than half of our members, we have some young people and none are stuffy although many are Republicans. But I digress—now back to the action.)

If the body in front of me was Jessica, she was well-preserved for her age. I'd call her attractive although some would say her angular face made her seem "hard" or "tough." I suddenly realized I had stopped thrusting although I was still inserted and still hard. I'd better get back to business. Once my shock was over, I was more turned on than ever. I started thrusting again, reached underneath with my left hand and searched for her clit. Found it and began rubbing, gently and then harder.

Jessica, as I now thought of her, liked what I was doing and picked up her pace of moving and moaning. I wasn't long before she was headed for the moon—an explosive rocking, bucking orgasm that would have been even more impressive if she wasn't tied down. 

I stopped thrusting, gently rubbing her back and butt. After a moment to let her calm down, I resumed fucking her, building up more speed as she groaned and grunted. I love it when a woman grunts like that. 

I was pounding her harder than I'd ever done with any woman. I grabbed her hair, yanked her head back and with her mouth open she was going "arrgh" and "ughh." Another minute and I exploded, dropping what felt like a huge load deep in her bowels. I pulled out and gave her a light slap on the ass. If this was Jessica I wanted our interaction to be as intimate as possible. I kissed her cheeks, then spread them apart so I had a good look at her asshole. I hoped to see my cum oozing out of her hole but that hadn't happened yet. I walked around to her head and placed my slimy cock at her lips. She moaned her disapproval but finally opened up. I stayed silent, of course, and in went my cock. She cleaned me up reluctantly. I pulled out, gave one boob a friendly squeeze and headed toward the bar feeling pretty proud of my performance. I was also excited about having fucked someone that I knew in a very different context. I was pretty sure Amy really was Jessica.

Bill beamed at me. "That's my boy!" Another guy had moved over to Amy/Jessica, felt her up for a bit and started fucking her pussy. She went into her moaning and grunting and he didn't last long.

Andrew, the host, said, "She really should have all her holes filled." He approached her head, pushed his cock clumsily into her mouth. She sucked and slurped with abandon, A few minutes later he had her head gripped tightly and was face fucking her like a madman. One final grunt from him as he shoved his cock in as far in as he could, and he let loose. She swallowed without objection, just a little choking and gasping. She let his dick out and tried to catch her breath.

Andrew walked back to the bar, leaving Amy/Jessica still tied and blindfolded. "We'll let her relax there for a minute."

The rest of the crowd was busy chatting, drinking and occasionally feeling each other. "People should be pairing off soon," Bill commented. "You might want to get in there before all the girls are gone."

"No, I'm good." I had other things to think about.

Eventually Andrew untied Amy/Jessica but told her to leave her blindfold on as he escorted her to the bar and put a glass of red wine in her hands. She drank eagerly as he rubbed her back and whispered to her. Words of encouragement, I imagine.

I moved away from the bar and started chatting with a man and woman who seemed very relaxed with each other though they were both naked, of course. Perhaps they were an actual couple but, if so, they hadn't made any attempts to find new partners.

I kept Amy/Jessica in my peripheral vision. I couldn't hear her when she spoke to Andrew and so had no further clues to her identity. I did get another good look at that wonderful ass. I tried to imagine her with clothes on and it still seemed like Jessica to me. Another few moments and Andrew removed her blindfold, put it down on the bar and moved away. She turned to look around the room.

As I confirmed that this was indeed Jessica, she looked my way. First at my now soft cock, I believe, and then up at the rest of me.. A look of sheer horror passed her face. I smiled, nicely I thought, not in an evil way.

She turned back sharply to face the bar and was shaking quite a bit. She poured more wine in her glass and drank it all quickly.

I let her take in what had happened for a couple of minutes, then went and stood next to her (but not touching) at the bar.

"How are you?" I asked. She said nothing at first and then, staring straight ahead, she spoke.

"Surprised . . . embarrassed . . . humiliated."

"Don't be," I said, "I'm here too."

"You're a guy." 

Well, that's true. "It's well-established that girls like sex and need it," I said.

"This was my first time at a place like this."

"Yes, a newbie," I said. "Me too." This was true for me. Was it true for her? Who knows?

"You're a guy," she repeated. "Did you take part in the . . .uh . . ."

"Yes, I did." She finally looked at me. Having this conversation with my fellow Rotarian while we were both standing there naked seemed a bit odd, at least to me. But maybe not. After all, we had just had sex.

"Which one were you?" she asked.

"Well, after the introductory gropings, I was third." 

She thought about that for a moment. "So, you gave me the massage." I nodded. "That was nice," she continued. "And then you fucked me in the ass." I nodded again. "And then you pulled your cock out of my ass and slapped it in my mouth."

"Guilty," I said. "I really enjoyed that." I gave a boyish (I think) grin. "How did you feel about it?"

"Well, it was gross of course. Another first for me."

"It's called A2M or ATM." She gave me a quizzical look. "It has a name?" she asked.

"Ass to Mouth It's kinda big in porn. I think all guys love it."

"Really . . .I guess have to say, it was sort of sexy in a naughty, down-and-dirty way." She paused. "I guess that makes me an even bigger slut than you thought before."

I took her hand. "No, no. I think you're just a girl who likes sex and felt like doing something wild and crazy."

"Exactly," she said. "Or are you just bullshitting me?"

"I'm not. Did you enjoy your experience overall? It looked like you had a couple of nice orgasms."

"I did—especially the one you gave me."

I grinned. She continued. "I guess I enjoyed it overall—until I saw someone here who knew me. When did you know it was me?"

"I guessed somewhere in the middle when you spoke a few words but I wasn't certain till you took off your blindfold."

I tried once again to put her at ease. "Don't worry about all this. It's just me."

"Okay, just you," she said. "Can I ask just you not to tell anybody about this?"

"Absolutely," I said as definitively as I could.

"Does that mean absolutely I can ask or absolutely you won't tell?"

"Both," I said. "But . . ."

"Oh, no , here it comes," she said rather bitterly.

" . . .I think we should do this again, if you're willing."

She looked me in the eye. "If I'm willing? So, you're not blackmailing me?"

"No, I'm not."

"So I can say 'no'?"

"Yes."

"And there won't be any consequences for me?"

"No."

"This is very good gossip, you know."

"Of course. But I like you. I don't want to hurt you."

She thought about all this for a minute. "Do you mean another group thing or just you and me?"

"Either," I said.

She smiled. "I'm not sure about the group thing. But I'd love just you and me. This might get awkward at Rotary meetings, though" she smiled.

"Not for me," I said. "But I might be distracted."

"Why?"

"I'll be thinking about cumming in your mouth."

She smiled again. "I don't think you've cum in my mouth."

"Not yet."

She laughed. "Okay, okay."

"Well," I said. "Would you like to go somewhere else for a drink?"

"No, I've had two already. One more and I shouldn't be driving. Let's just go home—yours or mine?"

"I don't have a car here so why don't you drive us to my house."

She nodded. I turned around, looking for Bill to tell him I wouldn't need a ride home. He was nowhere to be found. I said goodbye pleasantries to our host and went for my clothes. Jessica was already dressing.

"Let's go," I said. We headed for the door. 

She smiled once again. "I'm ready."