 We met online which is the easy place for me to share my deep naughty secrets. They were a dominant couple looking for a submissive man to toy with and use for their sexual needs. Our first meeting was at a local bar and grill, I remember my nerves dancing and thrill running through my body. But these are not my strongest feeling (emotions) I recall about that night. Laurie was wearing a short skirt, sexy heels, and tight top that showed her prominent breasts and nipples. She had a great womanly shape and a pretty face, I was attracted immediately. We all chatted and the attraction was mutual for all. 

Their place was a pleasant home within close distance to the bar. A conformation to me that they were normal but with kinky sexual desires. I was told to strip immediately after we entered. She came to me and my heart raced, her hands slowly feeling my skin, teasing my body. Her hot breath and sweet comments had a tremendous affect on me, my cock raised to attention and I was hooked. I was now in sub space, a place were my willingness to please overcomes my apprehension and fear. Bruce watched while opening a bottle and pouring wine. Laurie took me by the hand and led me to the couch and had me kneel next to Bruce. She reached over and undid his pants and he slipped out of them. "Make his cock hard" being inexperienced in the bisexual world I did my best to stroke and lick his cock. I thought about what I enjoy and tried my best to duplicate the actions. I played with his balls and sucked on him as his cock hardened in my mouth. He was busy kissing and feeling her tits. Once fully hard I kept a good pace sucking and stroking his shaft. He was not huge and I found I could get him all in my mouth until my lips pressed his balls. I wanted his load but not straight from the tap, our mutual goal this time was to provide fluffing and clean up services. They also could use me in other ways if they choose. 

It was Laurie's time for attention, she dropped her skirt, shirt, and panties and sat back down with her legs spread and arms over her head. I switch my mouth to a place I was very familiar. A needy pussy and ass. The smell of pussy is intoxicating. I savored the moment breathing in her scent. I lapped slowly around her folds parting them with my tongue. I licked her clit and she moaned with each lap. I lowered my head and sent my tongue all the way to her asshole. Slowly licking and probing her hole. Back and forth darting in each hole and nibbling on her clit. I settled in enjoy her sexual build up. I savored each moment of her arousal until she came flooding my mouth with a wet orgasm. Sensitivity and desire for a cock took over and she pushed me away. 

She had me lay on the flood and she straddled my face on all fours. I licked her clit again and Bruce climbed in over me. He ran his cock across her slit a couple times then plunged in deep. His balls resting against my chin. I opened wide and moved my tongue to the place where his cock entered her pussy. I lapped, he thrusted, she moaned. Bruce fucked Laurie until she lost herself in the pleasure. Her orgasm caused him to loose control and he plunged in hard, emptying his cum in her pussy.

The moment I was waiting for came next. He withdrew and I heard her say "clean me out" as she sat up lowering her fresh fucked pussy on my face. I open wide and sent my tongue into her depths lapping away. She contracted her pussy a couple times and lifted off my face and spread her ass checks enough for bruce to take a photo of the first glob of his cum dripping into my eager mouth. I swallowed and dove in again. Licking and lapping at their sweet juices mixed together. I continued licking and to my surprise she came again flooding my mouth with more of their cum. I was in heaven.

They were both satisfied and willing to finally let me have release. She told me to straddle her waist and let her jerk me off on her tits. I quickly jumped on and she stroked my hard throbbing cock. I was so worked up it didn't take me long to shoot my cum all over her tits. I quickly without prompting bent down and made love to each of her cum covered boobs with my tongue paying special attention to her nipples.

The night ended with pleasantries and a goal to all meet again soon and try some other naughty fun.