 Her hair is what caught my attention first.

She had flowing locks of red, like lines of lava streaming down her head to her shoulders. Her outfit was stylish, but not one that would warrant a second look at a gala such as this: a gray poplin three-quarter length sleeved shirt and four-button black polyester-lined waistcoat. Her black and silver tartan necktie had a splash of red - not as brilliant as her hair, but enough to splash color on a very conservative look. Her black straight leg trousers completed the ensemble, and it was in giving her the once over that I noticed just how long her legs were.

"Sir, would you care for a canapé?" she said, holding a golden platter aloft that was adorned with puff pastries and crackers topped with various spreads.

"Sure," I said, reaching for the tray. I hadn't really cared to eat, but I knew I wanted to keep this woman in my orbit.

"Thank you...uh...what is your name?" I asked, silently cursing the catering company too cheap to supply nametags.

"Kira," she replied, offering a polite smile with her response.

"Kira, can you do me a favor?"

"I can certainly try, sir," she replied.

"Can you find the woman with the sparking wine and send her my way?" I said, figuring that the caterer must have bought salt futures if they were going so heavy on the seasoning.

"Sure, sir."

"Robert. My name is Robert. A pleasure to make your acquaintance, Kira," I said, extending my hand. 

She shook my hand, perhaps out of politeness or obligation. Her hands were soft, as if she had figured out the magic elixir that had eluded most of us. As Kira departed, Janet - my sweetheart, my darling, my inamorata - returned to my side.

"Getting friendly with the help again, Bobby?" she said, casting a playful smile as she spoke.

"I couldn't take my eyes of her hair. It was radiant," I said in a voice slightly lower than the constant murmur of the ballroom.

"Yeah, while you were obsessing about her hair, I was ogling her ass. You think that derriere has even been paddled, Bobby?"

"Nah, she seems so demure," I replied. "But I suppose there's only one way to know for sure."

Janet turned toward me; her gaze was more disapproving than flirtatious now. 

"You wouldn't. Look around. We are the envy of almost everyone in this room because of our philanthropy. I'm not going to ruin our reputation because you want to get handsy here with the hired help."

I put my hands up in a "stop" gesture.

"Relax, I'm not going to do anything that would ruin our good standing - especially because I know it would please these pricks to see us get dropped down a peg."

While I made my way around to glad-hand each fellow benefactor, Kira remained in my periphery. I had a weakness for freckles. Kira's skin, the color of alabaster, was covered in them - at least what I could see. How wonderful it would be to play "connect the dots" with my mouth.

I caught sight of Janet talking to one of the more oily donors - a 60s man with a portly belly and lecherous eyes - and made a beeline to run interference. I admittedly wasn't paying close enough attention to my surroundings, so I blame myself for what happened next.

The collision came from my right, as a waitress who was exiting backwards through a traffic door with a tray full of desserts clipped my shoulder and hip. The force of the impact spun me towards the server, who had lost control of their platter. Tiny plates of Bavarian cream and raspberry salsa went skyward as I began to stumble over my feet. 

I fell onto my back, with the dessert following close behind. Cream and red fruit compote splattered across my charcoal gray tuxedo. 

I had squeezed my eyes shut during the descent. When I opened them, Kira was straddling me, aghast at what had just transpired.

"Oh my God!" she squeaked in between clipped breaths. "Oh my God! Are you OK?"

I did a quick assessment. Nothing immediately seemed to be an issue, except for the four or five desserts I was now wearing.

The chatter among the city's elite had ceased at the sound of the calamity unfolding. They were all just staring at me.

I rose to a crunch position and started brushing away the biggest globs. Kira ran back into the kitchen to grab a handful of dinner napkins and handed them to me. Her hand trembled as she offered them to me.

As I began blotting at my tuxedo, I said to a visibly shaken Kira, "Are you OK? Are you hurt?"

"No, yes. I mean, no I'm not hurt. But I know I'm going to get fired. I've already messed up here and -" she clipped her sentence and darted her eyes upward.

The caterer was now standing alongside both of us.

"Oh my God, Robert! Are you all right?!"

"Yes, I'm fine. Kira is unhurt as well. Just a little accident, is all," I replied.

"Kira, we need cold water immediately. Ask Raoul for white vinegar. Go! Now!" 

Kira sprang to her feet and ran back toward the kitchen. The caterer extended a hand to me and helped pull me from the floor. The music and the chatter had resumed. Janet now stood nearby with a whimsical look on her face.

"You dog," she said in a hushed tone. "I told you getting close to that girl would be perilous."

I shot her the "ya ya ya give me a break" face before Kira re-emerged with the requested supplies. She must have sensed my inability to quickly locate a restroom, because she gestured through the doors.

"There's a single stall bathroom in here if you'd like to use it to get cleaned up," she said. I noticed for the first time she was also wearing a bit of the cream and raspberry confection. 

"Lead the way," I said, gesturing toward the door.

Kira led me away from the prep kitchen and through a series of corridors that were becoming more dimly lit as we progressed. She pushed on a door to reveal not a bathroom, but what looked to be the working space of a harried office manager. 

"Uh, I think we may have taken a wrong turn," I said, but Kira pressed on. She deftly sidestepped two or three piles of reports, opened another door and flicked on a light.

Woah ho ho. It appears as if the office manager had a palatial potty!

"I've worked this reception room a dozen times or more and I discovered at some point that this person never locks their door," Kira offered by way of an explanation I had not asked for. "This is my getaway spot."

I began to unbutton my tuxedo and remove my shirt to inspect the full extent of the damage. It's not as if I had forgotten Kira was there, but moreso that - like most red blooded men - I liked to be watched. 

My phone buzzed in my pocket as Janet texted, "WHERE R U?" I explained my location and hit send. Kira took that as her signal to duck out, and I didn't stop her. So far, she had given no indication that she was entertaining unsavory thoughts about me as I was about her.

Janet arrived soon thereafter. "You'll never guess who I ran into in the hallway," she said facetiously. 

"Help me get this tux back to looking respectable, please?" I asked.

Janet grabbed a towel and dipped it into the water and vinegar solution I had made in the sink. She began dabbing at my pants, starting with the hemline near my shoes and working her way up. I worked over my tuxedo jacket at the same time, although the sight of Janet on her knees in front of me did cause a few extra neurons to fire.

Janet was wearing a gorgeous Bordeaux-colored dress with a wide scoop neckline, and princess seams that closely followed her beautiful shape. The dress made her breasts pop - no wonder she had caught eyes all night - and also accentuated her perfectly round ass.

"Bobby, I can't get at these stains. You need to take your pants off," Janet said, matter of factly. 

I flipped off my dress shoes and dropped my trousers on her command. I caught her left eyebrow raise as she spied my bulging erection, which I could no longer hide in the recesses of my rented slacks.

Janet said nothing, but helped me step out of my pants. She worked quickly from there, taking two handfuls of my ass and bringing my cock closer to her face. She pressed herself deep into my boxer briefs and used her mouth to gently gum my still swelling erection.

Her teeth moved to my waistline, where she took the underwear in her mouth and tugged downward. She used her left hand to pull the briefs over my thighs. I stepped out and laid down on the countertop as she took my throbbing shaft into her mouth.

Janet had amazing technique, like she was trained at some secret blowjob finishing school. She relaxed her throat and quickly had my entire cock almost in her mouth, while her saliva dripped down to my balls. While one hand glided up and down my knob, Janet walked the fingers of her free hand over my perineum. 

I was quite sensitive to her touch, which only increased my desire. She slowly slipped the tip of her finger into my asshole, and it was at that moment I instantly felt past my point of no return.

She continued to bathe my cock with her tongue and her saliva; my desire was now in full control of my body. 

"Oh, mmm. God. Fuck. So good," I said, suddenly unable to utter full sentences. "I'm going to cum, baby. I want to cum in your mouth."

Janet gave me the affirmative "mmhmm" and I felt a hot rush of blood to my face as my cock exploded its warm sticky seed into my lover's wet mouth. My hole contracted around Janet's finger, which intensified my orgasm.

When I was spent, Janet gave me another, "Mmmhm?" And I said, "Yes. Oh, God, yes." She slowly drew her mouth away from my spent rod and showed my cum to me before she swallowed it whole.

I briefly considered proposing marriage right then and there.

Janet slowly brought herself up straight, checked her hair and makeup in the mirror and said, "Sorry, Bobby, but there's no saving that outfit. It needs a serious dry cleaning. Let's go home and slip into something a little more comfortable."

After I dressed myself, Janet led me by the hand out the door. While I had heard the clattering of a kitchen in use during our alone time, there was no one in our immediate vicinity. We began to walk down the hallways like we belonged there and found an exit that did not require us to run the gauntlet of goodbyes in the ballroom.

As we awaited the valet's return from seemingly Siberia with our car, Janet noticed a young woman taking a long drag of a cigarette with tear stains on her red, splotchy cheeks.

Her hair caught my attention first. It was Kira.

Janet went over to confer. After a few moments, I saw my beautiful date put her arms around this alluring stranger and walk her back to where I was standing.

"Bobby, this poor girl needs a drink after all she's been through," Janet said. Kira was dabbing at her eyes, as if merely pressing her tear ducts would prevent future waterworks.

"Sure thing. Hop in our car. We'll take care of you," I said, gesturing to the Mercedes idling nearby.

Janet nudged Kira toward the front passenger side door and then slid into the back of the car. As we took off, my eyes slid upward as I asked Janet, "Where to?"

"I was thinking The Concord Club if its still open," she said. "You still have a spare suit in this car?"

Kira interrupted. "Guys, thanks, really. But I'm only 20, so..."

I checked my rearview mirror again. I could recognize Janet's naughty smile from a mile away. I bet if I listened closely, I could hear the gears turning in her head.

"Well, we have a full bar at our loft," Janet said. I was impressed how even keel she sounded, because I knew she smelled opportunity. I felt the energy too.

"Join us for a drink and then we'll call you an Uber or whatever to your place," she continued.

Kira nodded. She then filled me in on what she had already discussed with Janet. She had already been on the head caterer's shit list for being chronically late. The collision with me was apparently the final straw.

"'You know how hard it was for me to get this gig?'" Kira said, imitating her boss. "'And then you embarrass me like that!' Then he said he was done with me. He'd mail me my last check and that was it."

"Hrm. I'm sorry that our accident got you fired," I offered weakly, unsure of the right thing to say. Kira's long smooth legs were also distracting me. Oh, how I wanted to reach over and run my fingers from her knees to her hip!

"Nothing a stiff drink can't solve," Kira muttered.

"That's the spirit!" Janet said.

We found a decent parking spot in the garage. I gave a quick tip of the hat to the night watchman and we punched the button for the 15th floor. 

We let Kira walk in before us, partially because we knew the view would overwhelm her and partly because we wanted another look at that well-maintained ass of hers.

"Woah," Kira said, as the first set of lights caught our movement and turned on. Our loft was more than 4,000 square feet with an open concept. The living room, dining table and kitchen area were not separated by a single wall. The exterior walls were brick, while the furniture was modern and chic. The second floor offered reading areas on the side opposite our king size bed.

"What's your pleasure?" I asked.

"What's that?"

"What do you want to drink?"

"Can you make me a martini?" Kira asked.

"Ooh, classy," I replied. "Dry or dirty?"

"Definitely dirty," Kira shot back. For the first time all night, I felt as if she may be flirting with me. My cock instinctively got hard, which I tried to disguise as I handed her the drink.

Janet and I sat on one couch as Kira relaxed, drink in hand, on the other sofa perpendicular to us. She was a college dropout and aspiring painter, who was making ends meet through a variety of jobs. Mostly, she talked and we listened. She was in the midst of telling us a story about a nightmare date when Janet casually walked to the bar and fixed everyone a second round. Kira took the drink without a second thought and handed her empty glass to Janet.

Janet shot me a look. "This is happening," her eyebrows said.

I announced that I was going to change my attire, and Janet instinctively moved to join Kira on her couch.

I hopped in the shower, figuring additional solo time with Janet would make Kira feel more comfortable. 

Although I considered staying in that hot steam heaven for forever, I stepped out, dried off and wrapped the towel around my waist. I walked out to the landing and peered down at the ladies. 

"Hey, babe. Do you know where my black and gray long-sleeve is?" I asked, already knowing exactly where that particular shirt was.

Kira looked up at the sound of my voice and locked her eyes onto my body. I could have sworn I saw her momentarily bite her lip. Regardless, she held the view for about two beats longer than a normal onlooker usually might. 

I didn't even hear Janet's answer, but walked away content I had made my point.

Ten minutes later, I arrived downstairs to find Janet's hand resting lightly on Kira's knee. They were acting as thick as thieves, even occasionally giggling.

"Bobby, Kira was just asking me about our relationship," Janet said. "Are we a couple?"

"And what did you say?" I replied.

"I said, 'Sure, we're a couple. But occasionally, we've also been known to be a trio.'"

Kira blushed, gazed downward and swept her hair behind her left ear.

"Kira thinks you're sexy, Bobby," Janet continued, almost in a teasing tone.

"Oh? And what does she think of you?"

"I don't know. Kira, have you ever been intimate with a woman?"

Kira blushed again and waved her hand in front of her face.

"Whoa, did someone turn up the heat in this place or have I had too much wine?" she asked, continuing to fan herself.

"Hold on. I've got something for that," said Janet, as she sprung up from the couch.

She reached into the freezer and grabbed a pint of Halo Top black cherry ice cream. She came back with one spoon, which Kira instinctively grabbed for.

"Ut ut," said Janet, withholding the spoon. "My ice cream, my spoon."

Kira put on a pretend pouty face and crossed her arms, imitating a truculent toddler.

Janet skimmed a long piece of ice cream from the previously unopened container and brought it up toward Kira's mouth. The younger woman opened her mouth and awaited the creamy confection, but Janet teased her instead - putting just a small amount in her mouth while the rest ran down her chin.

"Whoops," Janet said, sarcastically. "Let me try again."

Kira willingly opened her mouth wide and waited for Janet's second scoop. This one made the mouth, but the third round ended up dribbling down the front of her grey shirt.

"Oh, dear," said Janet. "We can't let you leave here with ice cream caked onto your shirt. What will people think? Take that off and I'll put in a load right now."

Kira barely hesitated as she methodically unbuttoned each part of her work attire. Janet and I got our first good look at Kira's breasts, which were more than a handful and surprisingly big considering her petite frame.

Janet took the shirt and walked toward the laundry area, while I sat down. Without saying a word, I ran my fingers through Kira's red hair and brushed it behind her ears. I then kissed her and encountered a willing return. My hands stayed in her hair for a few minutes as we continued to kiss on the couch, until I ran my hands along the straps of her bra and to the clasp.

When I unfastened her, she slid the straps down off her shoulders and, for the first time, revealed the entirety of her chest. Janet let out an audible gasp as Kira revealed aerolas that laid not flat, but were cone shaped.

Puffy nipples were Janet's weakness; she would be so wet now.

I ran my hands down Kira's back while our mouths intertwined; Janet positioned herself on the other side of our conquest. She covered Kira's beautiful breasts with her wet tongue, and I swore I felt our new friend quiver at the feeling of her first touch from a woman.

Kira's breathing had definitely picked up. I ran my hand underneath the waistband of her pants and rubbed the top of her ass. Kira helped me slide my hand further down by unbuttoning her own pants. Janet moved her focus from Kira's breasts to spreading her thighs. Kira instinctively thrust her hips upward, which allowed Janet to strip off her pants and her black thong.

Kira had a nicely trimmed mound of red hair that was as vibrantly red as top of her head. Freckles adorned her thighs; I was jealous of Janet's new point of view.

I laid back on the couch and started removing my own pants. My seven inch cock celebrated its liberation by springing straight up. Kira had a look on her face that suggested extreme arousal. I interlaced my fingers and placed them behind my head and waited for one of the ladies to start playing with my swollen shaft. 

Kira shot a look to Janet that asked, without words, "Do you mind?" Janet gestured to her and Kira leaned over to take my dick into her cute, tight mouth. Janet gently moved Kira into an "all fours" position and I spread my legs to allow room for our petite houseguest. 

Kira teased the tip with a rigid tongue, and began licking the head in swirling motion that brought an intense feeling that made me see stars temporarily. She was just moving me deeper into her throat when she stopped suddenly. 

I was just about to ask what was wrong, when she bolted upright and swung her head back.

"Oh. My. God," Kira managed to moan. I peeked my head around her body and saw Janet was on all fours behind Kira. She was eating Kira's luscious pussy.

Kira's eyes were rolling into the back of her head and her mouth was agape. She reached out her hands to continue stroking my cock, but her attention was now on what was happening behind her.

While I could not see Janet, whose face was now buried, I could hear her spitting into Kira's ass and pussy. She was alternating her fingers and her mouth, and exploring both of her new friend's holes. I could hear the familiar sound of penetration meeting extreme wetness; Lord, was it so arousing.
