 The valet opened the door and helped Marlene out the came around to take the car away. I tipped him and took Marlene by the arm. We strolled in to the hotel lobby and followed the other guests to the grand ballroom. The ballroom was decorated extravagantly and a band was playing, it reminded me of an episode of the Lawrence Welk show. An usher at the door took our tickets and led us to our table. We were told that dinner would be served in an hour, until then we were free to mingle, and help ourselves to the bar.

We hadn't been there more than ten minutes when a couple close in age to Marlene approached us. "Marlene!" the woman cried as the two embraced in a friendly, but elegant hug. "We haven't seen you in years! How have you been dear?" Marlene began to tell the couple the short version of the last twenty years when she stopped. "I am so sorry. This is Eric Wallace our neighbor," hand shakes went around as I was introduced. "He is here tonight in place of Fred, he was so kind as to agree to give an old lady a night out on the town." The couple was introduced as Timothy and Candace Rice.

Marlene and Candace began to catch up and left me and Timothy to get to know one another. We talked about Fred, my job, and how he and his wife new Fred and Marlene. Timothy was a retired Army officer, he and Candace now lived in Nebraska where he worked as a manager for a large farming corporation. He and Candace began coming to the ball on a whim and have made it an annual event ever since, Candace now being on the planning commission.

The ladies returned and we broke off in our respected pairs as we promised to meet up later in the evening so that Marlene could catch up on al that has happened through the years. We made our rounds running into a few more couples that Marlene knew from the years, even a few local couples.

We returned to the table and dinner was served. We were seated with two couples both that seemed to be in their forties. Small talk ensued throughout dinner, and then dessert was served. During dessert a small floor show of different dances of the world was put on by some hired entertainment. After the floor show finished the dance floor was opened up and couples took their places and danced the night away.

Marlene began dancing with some of the men that she knew and I sat at the table watching. She looked so happy, so elegant, and so alive. After a few dances she returned to the table. "Don't I get a dance from my handsome date?" she asked as she sat. "You looked like you were having so my much fun and catching up on old times. I didn't want to interrupt you," I said to her with a smile. Marlene bent forward and kissed my cheek. "Thank you so much dear," Marlene said to me.

Timothy and Candace came over to our table and Candace asked Marlene to accompany her to the powder room. Timothy was heading to the bar and offered to get me a drink. The ladies returned before Timothy and Marlene pulled me aside. "They were wondering if we would be interested in joining them in their room for a nightcap after all this all winds down," she whispered in my ear. I turned and nodded. We joined Timothy and Candace back at our table and Marlene nodded to Candace. Candace looked me in the eyes and a wicked grin crossed her face, "As a bonus the planning commission got suites with fully stocked bars. We can make any drink you would like Eric, bourbon, scotch, rum and coke, blowjob, you just name it." The last of these was heavily emphasized. 

We chatted for awhile when Marlene took my hand suddenly, "let's dance lover." We moved to the dance floor and Marlene held me tight. "Marlene I can't help but think that I have seen Timothy and Candace before, they looked very familiar to me."

She laughed, "Dearest how many of the pictures did you look at from that shoebox of mine?"

"All of them, why?"

"You remember an attractive young built man and his gorgeous blonde wife from the pictures?"

It was all coming to me. "That was Timothy and Candace!" Marlene continued to laugh. "Yes that was Tim and Candy, and if you want, later you can help us relive those pictures." She ground into my waist with hers and I felt my cock harden a bit.

We danced and flirted the rest of the night often changing partners with Candy and Tim. The ball began to wind down and many couples began to pair up and leave. Candy asked me, "Well Eric, are you ready for that nightcap? Did the blowjob sound interesting to you?" I smiled and said, "Well I'll let you and Tim lead the way, and yes it did sound like something that might interest me." She smiled and went off to find her husband. 

We all loaded into the elevator and rode up to the eleventh floor. We followed Tim to the door and he placed the key card in the slot. The door opened and we stepped inside the suite. Tim took off his jacket and tie and began to make drinks. He handed out the round of drinks and everyone sat in silence nursing their drinks. Finally Candy broke the awkward silence, "Ready for that blow job Eric?" She stood and walked to me. 

Here was a woman old enough to be my mother offering to suck me off. I looked at her as she approached. She was a bit curvy with wispy blonde hair. Her breasts were full but not large. Candy had large lips that looked as though they belonged wrapped around the hard shaft of a man. She dropped to her knees in front of me and began to massage me manhood through my slacks. She looked me in the eyes as I felt the zipper being lowered.

Candy reached her hand into my pants and pulled my semi-erect cock out into the open. She smiled and then lowered her head to my lap taking the head into her mouth. I moaned as Candy lowered her head taking me down her throat. She began to bob up and down bringing me to full erection. She wrapped her hand around the shaft and stroked me up and down as she licked and sucked every inch of my swollen member. 

It was at that point that I heard the moans of Marlene. I looked to my left and saw Tim had lowered the straps on her dress and was feasting on her ample bosom. Marlene caught my gaze and she smiled an ear to ear grin. Candy pulled herself away from my hardon and looked where I was looking. She stood and went to Marlene, she bent and they locked in a passionate kiss. 

Tim took this opportunity to stand and removed his clothing. I followed his lead and soon he and I were naked. Tim went behind Candy and unzipped her dress, sliding it down her body. This left Candy in just her white lacy bra, garter belt, stockings, and heels. I saw the creamy flesh of Candy's ass and thighs. Candy pulled away from Marlene and turned to kiss Tim. Marlene stood and moved to me. We began to kiss as she reached down and began to stroke me. I reached behind her and lowered the zipper on her dress. I let it fall to the floor and Marlene stepped out of it. Marlene had opted to wear nothing but a red push up bra under her dress, which she now removed.