 Reader: This is the second and final part of the Set Up. Although not required, it is recommended that you read Set Up first to understand how these three got this far.

*

We left the bedroom and started down the stairs in single file. My wife, Kate, was first in her fluffy, green bathrobe. Beth was next wearing my faded, blue sweatshirt. I took up the rear in a pair of jeans. At the turn half way down, Kate glanced up at me, paused, and said, "Josh, it's cold outside. You sure you don't want a shirt or something?"

I stopped on the stairs. Kate joined her on the landing and looked up at me too, "You can have your sweatshirt back if you want." She playfully pulled it up as if starting the first movements to remove it over her head. In doing so, she flashed her trimmed pussy and the lower portion of her right breast. I noticed the curve of her hip bump into a backdrop of fluffy, green terrycloth. Kate's left hand held her robe together while the right moved and rested on Beth's other, naked, outside hip. It was subtle, but a stunning moment as I looked down upon these two women with whom I had just shared such intimate sex.

I quickly came out of the mini-trance. "No. I...I'll get another one. And a blanket for your legs," pointing at Beth. "I'll be right out." I turned, but stopped and looked back over my shoulder, "Please, start without me."

Beth giggled in that sexy, throaty way she has. Kate smiled and playfully slapped her on her ass.

I darted back into the master bedroom and stopped briefly to survey the room. Beth's clothes were still strewn about the floor. I picked them up and placed them neatly on my chair. I tried in vain to make the bedspread and sheet look presentable, as the lay cascaded off the end of the bed. There were wet spots on the fitted sheet. One of the bedside lights was off and the other was set on high. So, I evened them out by putting them both on low. The room, no matter what I did to it now, would never feel the same, and there was still more to come. I heard the familiar pop of another cork being removed from a bottle of wine down below. So, I grabbed another sweatshirt from my drawer and practically skipped back downstairs, grabbing a blanket from the couch in the living room.

As I reached the bottom level, the whispering ceased. I slid into the kitchen. Kate looked up and smiled, pouring the wine into three glasses. From her stool at the counter, Beth looked over her shoulder with a "caught in the act" kind of look. But instead of standing there like a piece of meat, I walked up to Beth, handed her the blanket, and put my arms around her. I kissed her forehead. She sighed and hugged me back. "You were whispering," I stated

"Talking about you," Beth explained returning the hug with force.

My wife interrupted, "Don't let her go. But, let's move outside."

It was cool, but not cold outside. Kate took her customary seat in her smoking section at the end of the table. She crossed her legs as she lit her cigarette. Her left leg seductively bounced slightly out of the slit from her robe. Beth pulled my big sweatshirt down enough so her ass wouldn't be in direct contact with the wooden slats from the bench. In doing so, it tightened the garment to her breasts. She opened the blanket and spread it over her bare legs. I slid onto the bench and tried to look as casual and relaxed as possible with a leg crooked up over the seat of the bench and an arm extended toward Beth but just out of reach from her hair.

There was still an awkward silence. I broke it stating, "I didn't mean to interrupt your whispering."

Beth spoke up, "No. Really. It was about you and it was all good." She paused. She cocked her hed and flipped her hair. It was a sexy move. "That was one of the most amazing experiences I have ever had. It was ... wow!"

I tried modesty, "I didn't do anything. You two did most of the work. I was on my back the whole time. But," I paused and sighed outwardly, "I'd like to drive now, if that's o.k."

Kate laughed, "I told you he wouldn't be done yet."

The conversations continued. Kate smoked. We talked about Beth's ex-husband and what their sex life had been like through their marriage. We've known Beth for years and it's been rather obvious she consistently required a lot of attention. She is a bit needy, thus, she exuded a great amount of drama on this back deck over the years. Kate is her shoulder, no doubt. We touched on the current bar scene and on-line dating. The women convinced me it wasn't anything like the college days of old. We each talked about the celebrities we'd most like to sleep with and why. We eventually found ourselves back on the subject of tonight. 

"How did you two figure this out, tonight I mean?" I asked. I kind of needed to know. I understand I was happily set up, arranged if you will. I'll admit to being a bit taken aback after hearing how the two of them had gotten together one evening on a girls night at Beth's house. But given the circumstances of the evening and my male hormones, I didn't question it too much. They promised it was nothing more than heavy petting and some kissing after an evening of way too much chardonnay.

Kate replied, "Well, Beth has been yacking about how horny she has been ever since the final on her divorce. Like I said earlier, she needed to get laid and you are constantly horny. I figured it would be fun. She's been on the prowl. But, she has standards. A one-night stand with you, and me, seems better than a pickup from a bar. I didn't think you would mind being set up this way."

Beth joked, "and you are by far the handsomest, studliest, man around. How could I say no? I thought Kate was kidding at first. But, no, she wasn't. So, after agreeing it wouldn't hurt our friendship," 

"or our marriage," interrupted Kate.

"We started talking, today, about the possibilities of a threesome.... Together.... Tonight." Beth swirled the last of the wine in her glass.

"And we can all go back to our normal lives after tonight?" I asked, tempting the edge of a place I wasn't sure I really wanted to go. I was in danger of putting a stop to this night by questioning it altogether. But I did need to feel comfortable. "I mean, what if I want to do this again?"

"Josh, first, let's take this one night at a time. I'm not going to tell you that this won't ever happen again," Kate said almost too calmly. "But I don't want to become swingers all of sudden, either. Tonight is just for Beth. Let's make her happy and satisfied. In the meantime, we can have some fun, too. We can make this more complicated if you want to, but I don't think you really do. Do you?"

Beth added, "Josh. You and Kate have been my best friends for years. Tonight, we are just friends with benefits. Is that o.k.?"

"I think I can live with that," I answered. "So far, this has been one incredible ride."

The bottle and glasses were now empty. My penis was rested, ready, and nearly hard again.

Kate stubbed out her smoke, "I'm going to go brush my teeth. You two won't want to kiss me if I smell like smoke ..... I'll be upstairs."

Beth and I watched Kate stand and loosen the ties to her robe. I caught a brief glimpse of bare flesh and a shadowy underline to a hint of her breast. She swayed her hips a bit more than usual as she sauntered back into the house, leaving the two of us alone.

I turned and caught Beth already looking at me. "Come here, closer," I said.

She lifted herself up, turned, and reversed herself down onto my lap. She put her arms over my shoulders with one hand on the back of my head. We kissed. It was passionate. It was warm. I tasted the wine on our lips. My hands roamed her body on the outside of her borrowed sweatshirt, eventually venturing down her bare legs and back up under the blue material to her breasts. A small moan escaped her lips into mine.

"We should go find your wife," she quietly suggested. "I'm afraid of what you might do to me out here alone. I need her with me. I made her promise she'd be here for the whole thing." I agreed, having no sense for how long we'd kissed and fondled each other.

We moved into the house closing the door behind me. I grabbed her glass asking her if she wanted me to open another bottle. "Water," she stated.

"Speaking of water," I paused, pointing toward the ceiling. Kate was in our shower. Beth smiled and darted up the stairs, flashing her ass at me on her way.

I don't know why, maybe it was because I didn't want to appear too anxious, but I finished cleaning up. The empty bottles of wine placed quietly in the recycle bin. The glasses stacked in the dishwasher. The coffee pot automatically set for the morning. I turned off the lights to the back deck and checked on the doors to make sure they were locked. I listened and heard giggles and water echoing off the tile from the master bath. Before heading upstairs, I grabbed three, big bottles of water.

I entered the master bedroom. The green robe was resting on the bed with my blue sweatshirt thrown in a heap on top. I followed the sounds of the women into the bathroom. Through the frosted glass doors I could see them kissing, arms caressing and constantly moving to touch each other. I checked my jealousy, knowing full well I could blow if it got the better of me. Besides, it was one of the most erotic visuals I've ever seen. I was turned way, way on. I leaned against the sink and folded my arms.

"Hmmm. We have a voyeur," said Kate.

"Only because there isn't enough for three," I answered. "Don't stop on my account." I pulled my sweatshirt over my head. The bathroom was warm, indeed.

Through glass I could tell they parted. "Josh, I'd like to shave. Would you take Beth, dry her off, and entertain her for a while in the bedroom?" Kate inquired.

"Absolutely!" I answered. 

The glass door slid open and a very wet Beth stepped out onto the bath mat. I enveloped her in my towel giving her a big squeeze in the process. Her hair was dripping a bit, so I shifted the towel to her head. She put her hands on my stomach and chest to keep her balance. I glanced over to Kate. Her foot was perched on the edge of the tub. A razor scraped the beginnings of the shaving cream off the calf of her leg. I dropped the edge of the towel down behind Beth's head. I looked into her big, doe-like eyes. She felt vulnerable and wet, yet sexy as hell. I gave her a quick kiss on the lips and continued to dry her off, paying close attention to her breasts.

"Take off your pants," she stated as she attempted to undo the button of my jeans. I backed up slightly leaving her with the towel to finish the drying. I unbuttoned, unzipped, and stepped out my jeans. I turned and tossed them through the door to join the other discarded clothes on the bed. Beth handed me the towel and I hung it back on the rack. I grabbed her hand and pulled her out the bathroom door.

"Don't take too long," Beth said over her shoulder to Kate.

"I'll be right there," was the answer. "Start without me, please."

I turned Beth around and sat her on the edge of the bed. "Scoot to the middle," I told her. She put her hands flat on the bed behind her and inched her ass backwards. I followed her on my knees until she and I were in the middle of the king sized bed.

I put my hands on her knees and parted them. In turn, she slid farther down until her head rested at the edge of the pillow and the padded headboard of the bed. Her hand grabbed my penis and stroked it slightly. My left hand stayed on her right knee while the palm on my right hand covered her pussy. The tiny strip of pubic hair was still damp between my fingers. The heat was intense under my hand. I glanced up to her face and saw one of the most lust filled looks I could ever remember. Her breathing was faster now and her breasts jiggled slightly from her hand jerking my penis.

"I need you inside of me now," she stated.

"What, no foreplay?" I teased.

"Now! This whole night has been foreplay," she responded.

I removed my right hand from her mound and grabbed hold of my penis in my fist. I guided the head up and down her slit to get it good and wet. I was by no means being delicate anymore. I was being driven by sheer horniness.

Beth watched intently to my fist, my penis, and her pussy. She parted her legs to allow my movement and I repositioned myself to enter her. My knees pushed her legs for a wider stance. I found her entrance with the tip of my penis and started to push in slowly. Her head dropped back and her eyes closed. I continued to push slowly. My hands now found a spot on either side of her shoulders to support my upper body. I didn't want to smash her. I glanced downward to look. I pulled out slightly, preparing for an even deeper, slower push further inside her. A guttural moan escaped from her throat and her mouth opened. I pulled out again to almost the tip and slowly pushed in even further. She bit her lower lip and inhaled, the tips of her nipples came in contact with my chest. One more cycle and I was in her completely.

So, I stopped. She opened her eyes. I told her she was beautiful. She smiled, put her arms around my neck, and reached up to kiss me. We kissed for a few minutes. Our tongues danced around. I twitched my penis inside her and she giggled that low, sexy giggle of hers.

I moved my hips again. Beth dropped back onto the pillow with her arms splayed out above her head. Her fingernails raked against the soft headboard. I picked up the pace. Her legs moved from being sprawled out on the bed to where her knees were up and her feet could sit flat on the mattress. Now, she met my thrusts with equal movement from her hips.

I don't know when Kate came back into the room or how long she had been watching. I never even heard the shower turn off, much less see any movement to my right. But in the middle of sex with Beth, I felt a hand on my lower back right above my ass.

"Wow. Look at you two," said Kate.

"What... do we.... look like?" stammered Beth in between thrusts. She was close to an orgasm, if she hadn't silently had a few already.

"Hmmm, you look like you need a third," Kate whispered as she climbed up onto the bed next to us. 

"You take one breast, I'll take the other," I motioned to Kate. I leaned to my left and took Beth's right nipple between my lips, while trying to maintain the rhythm as I fucked her. Kate snaked around my right arm and took the other breast in her hand. She, too, brought her lips to a nipple. Beth moaned loudly. 

After a minute or two, struggling to focus, Beth picked her head up and mumbled, "Kiss me." My wife immediately moved her head up, kissing Beth with hunger. I stopped sucking her nipple picked up the pace. Beth moaned into Kate's mouth, "I'm coming." She exploded. I felt her get even wetter.

I realized I was close, too. I straightened up, brought my hands up under her knees, and gave it all I had. I felt a powerful orgasm approach and gave it one last, big push before unloading my semen deep within her. I used her knees for support and stayed inside her while my penis twitched in happiness.

When I regained my composure, I realized Beth and Kate were looking at me like I had just uttered a most brilliant poem or solved world hunger or maybe I just felt that way, I don't know. Kate had joined Beth flat on her back with their heads together. My wife was smiling. Beth was breathing hard but managed to stammer, "That was... good. Josh... Kate..."

I slowly pulled out of Beth's pussy and collapsed over to her right, leaving her between Kate and me. It was my turn to lay on my back and breath hard. Kate propped herself up on an elbow, "I hope you two aren't done for the night."

"I'm going to need a minute or two," I replied.

"Mmmmmm," was all Beth could muster, but she moved her arms and brought Kate down in an embrace. They intertwined with arms and legs wrapped around each other in one big tangle of womanly extremities. Their breasts were mashed together. They kissed lightly. I turned slightly and spooned Beth from behind while I petting one ass, then the other, feeling the subtle differences in their skin. We stayed that way for quite some time.

"I'll be right back," I whispered as I slid off the side of the bed. My legs were unsteady at first and I needed the bed for balance. I opened my water bottle and took a couple of deep swigs. I stumbled into the bathroom to pee. After a quick sponge bath with the washcloth and another big drink, I returned to the bedroom and stood at the foot of the bed.

They hadn't moved much. They were still a bundle of arms and legs. But they were now a bit more awake and talking and giggling and kissing.

"It's my turn to say, 'Wow, look at you two'," I repeated. I leaned in to touch them with my hands. I started at each ass and in unison caressed their curves with my fingers exploring crevices as they passed by. Kate's leg was on top and I carefully took hold of it and opened her up to expose Beth's knee rubbing slightly against my wife's pussy. I pushed the thigh farther out away from the knee. I bent down, took the fat part of my tongue, and washed it across her swollen labia. Kate hissed an almost desperate, "Yesss!"

Looking upwards, I noticed Beth taking Kate's breast in her hand and moving to take the nipple between her lips. I redirected my efforts back to Kate. It was her turn to cum, but my penis needed a break before it could service my wife properly. I buried my face in her crotch. I sucked on her exposed clit and used my fingers to open her up as much as possible for my tongue. I slide a finger inside her, curling it upwards to find the soft fleshy button hidden inside. Kate twitched and moaned. It sounded like Beth must be kissing her again as the moan was stifled a bit. 

After countless minutes like this, I lifted myself up. Beth had detangled herself and was now on her knees with a hand on each of Kate's breasts. Kate had a hand hidden between Beth's legs. My penis was ready now, so I moved up and positioned myself between my wife's legs. Much like with Beth before, I grabbed my penis and readied it to enter the very wet pussy in front of me.

"Can I?" inquired Beth, as she reached for my penis. I allowed her control and she mimicked our actions from earlier in the evening, taking it and painting it up and down over Kate's wet, opened pussy. Then she ceased movement and aimed it directly at the opening. I eased in to familiar territory. With Kate, I know what to do. I have no questions regarding what works for her. I know the speed, the force, the pattern, and the touch.

Beth went back to her breasts, bending down on occasion to kiss her and wipe some of the perspiration from Kate's forehead. Kate's hand remained tucked up between Beth's thighs.

Soon, Kate was coming, silently. Her eyes were closed with her head tilted slightly to Beth's side. When she comes, she squeals. Kate was squealing when she removed her hand from Beth's depths and put her fingers in her mouth.

Beth whispered, "Kate, you are so beautiful. Cum for me. Cum for Josh." And Kate went from a squeal into a moan into a hearty laugh.

I'd already cum so much this evening that I was far away from achieving another orgasm. But, I knew Kate needed me to pull out. She is too sensitive right after a big orgasm. So, I pulled out and pulled her legs back together. I plopped back on the bed behind her. Beth continued to stroke Kate's body but sat back on her haunches a bit. Kate just lay there in post orgasm exhaustion.

Kate breathed heavy but managed to offer a concern, "Josh, you didn't cum." Her arm blindly felt backwards to make contact with me. Her hand found the back of my thigh with her wedding ring making a small, red scrape. Her eyes were still closed.

"Are you kidding?" I returned, "I've cum plenty tonight."

"I'm sorry," Kate continued, trying to muster some way to help.
