 My husband and I have a little friendly wager going.

We both think our own holes are the best. I'm convinced that my holes are excellent at milking a hard cock, and he's certain that his are even better. To make the wager even, we're ignoring my warm and slippery cunt hole and focusing on the things we have in common: our mouths and our asses.

This weekend, we'll finally have a chance to settle this contest. We put the word out at the local swingers club that we were looking for four people with cocks. Didn't much matter what they looked like, as long as they could 1) remain standing while they thrust their swollen dick into an open hole and 2) be surrounded by other people who were doing the same.

It didn't take long for my husband and I to find four expectant volunteers. We all met up in a room with some floor space at the swingers club. And that's where we are now. All six of us, naked and waiting.

I am buzzy with anticipation. We've both had our butt plugs in all day in preparation. I feel the heavy metal weight anchoring my lust to my insides. I look at my husband, and we both behold the four naked people surrounding us. I take charge.

I point to the person with the slenderest cock and tell him to stand in front of me. My smaller mouth is a limitation, and I'm going to take advantage of his slim member. I then ask the other three if they have a preference between taking a mouth or an ass. I couldn't care less between them, and I know my husband couldn't, either. Two people say they want an ass, and I tell them to lube up and pick between us. That leaves the final person. I direct them to stand in front of my husband.

There is electricity in the atmosphere, and I can feel it. I usher my husband to get down on his hands and knees. I get down next to him. We're only a few inches apart. He looks up at the four surrounding us and asks if everyone is ready. All four give a nod. When I look at their hard and jumping cocks, I can tell that they're more than ready. My husband and I remove our butt plugs. An earthy sent drifts into the air. We look up with open mouths and open assholes. Four cocks plunge into us.

I feel almost overwhelmed. The person behind me and the person in front of me are not moving in the same rhythm. Instead, they're spearing in and out of me at different times, causing me to squoosh and expand between them. I try to steady myself on my hands and knees. Looking over, I see my husband is experiencing the same. And he's got a bigger cock in his mouth. I see him attempt to loosen and relax his jaw, while tightening and squaring his shoulders so he can remain steady as his body is double penetrated.

The initial frenzy has dimmed, and I let the sensations flow through me. I wish I could look up at the person who's dick keeps kissing the back of my throat, but I'm skewered in place. My mouth fits around his silky cock, as long as I keep my jaw relaxed. I can taste his skin on my tongue. He tastes like someone who just jogged through a forest.

The cock in my ass is persistent. Again, I'd like to turn around and examine the person who is filling me up, but I'm pinned by the cock in front. Instead, I feel as their cock's head and blood vessels move against the ridges of my asshole. I can only imagine how tight my ass must feel around their cock, because I am feeling every bit of their dick against my insides. I feel as their hands grab my hips, so they can push even harder into my body.

My eyes look over at my husband. I'm able to see the hard shaft diving through his lips and into his mouth. I wonder which hole will be spattered with come earliest. Will we taste come first, or will we feel it splashing through our backsides?

I think I can sense that the person behind me is close. They're moving quicker and quicker inside me. I hear their ragged breath and feel their fingers frantically clawing into my lower waist. I wish I could move my body, manipulate it in some way to ensure that I get the come first and that my hole is best. But with this other hard rod jabbing into my mouth, the most I can do is keep my arms and legs steady against the ground. Still, I think the person behind me is going to unload soon.

I want it. I want the come. I start moaning around the dick in my mouth. My husband's hand inches over to grab mine, and he moans, too. As my husband's mouth vibrates around the shaft that is inhabiting it, I hear the person in front of my husband give a grunt.

At this point, I'm having trouble concentrating on anything that isn't the insistent presence pistoning in and out of my backside. They are taking everything they can from me. Their breathing is barely gasps now. I let the pushes of the dick in front of me slide my ass further onto the dick behind me. Mmm, they're close. Come for me, I think. Give me what I want. My tight, puckering asshole is finally too much for them and they come. I feel it pumping through my body - coating my walls as it penetrates deeper.

The person behind me lingers for a moment and then pulls out. They step away, presumably to fall into the bed in the room. As they pull out, I feel them dragging some of their come with them. It drips down my ass crack, past my thighs, and forms a little pool on the floor.

I feel triumphant. My hole got the first milking. Of course, that doesn't end the wager, we still have to see how our other holes fare. My mouth is full, not just of dick, but of pre-cum.

I wonder how my husband's mouth is. He was always expert at giving head. Is he opening his throat for the unrelenting dick inside him right now? I think my husband is working hard. I see the hands of the person in front of him grabbing at his ears and hair. I also see the person's knees shaking. I think they are close. Now that one of my holes got come first, I am excited for my husband to feel come splashing on the back of his throat. I know how much he loves that.

Only a few seconds pass, and the person in front of my husband must be coming. They're huffing something inaudible, and I see my husband's Adam's apple working furiously to swallow what he's being given. I imagine the come gushing down his throat and into his stomach. Is he even able to taste it, or is the come shooting straight past his tongue and hitting deep into his gullet?

The person steps away from my husband. I can smell the semen, only inches from my face. It mixes with the smell of the broth dripping out of my ass and the taste of the dick still in my mouth. I can also now hear my husband's full moans and pants. I glance over at him. He looks delirious. His tongue is lapping as much come from his lips and chin as he can. His cheeks are red and blotchy.

I haven't been able to turn around to see the man taking my husband's ass. But I'm beginning to hear him. He's loud, and he loves the ass he's plowing. He spanks my husband, and my husband makes a mewling noise. He shouts something about my husband's tight perfect ass. I've had my fingers and my tongue in that ass, and it is near perfect.

"I'm close," he cries out. I want him to fill up my husband to the brim. Give him cream way far down into his innards.

"Oh fuck, I'm coming - I'm coming." With the taste of someone's come still in his mouth, my husband is getting another person's load saturating him from the other side. Once the man steps away, my husband collapses to the floor.

It's just my mouth that's left. Now that I'm not pinned from behind, I can shimmy up on to my knees and work at this slim rod with my mouth and my hands. I cup his balls as I lap at his cock. I suck and pull, imagining the taste of his juices. I'm moving my head quickly, and I think a bruise is forming at the back of my throat. It would be soothed by this man's creamy fluid.

Finally, I feel him start to shudder. His hands tighten on my shoulders. He orgasms. He dumps his come onto my tongue and down the middle of my body. I swish it in my mouth until the volume is too much, and then I swallow it. I got the first come, and I got the last come. He, too, steps away, and I am completely empty. I slump down and curl up into my husband. Our holes drip juices onto our selves and onto each other, and we fall asleep.