 He hates gigs. Too loud. Too busy. Not cool enough.

It's exactly why I told him it had to be here. I wanted him uncomfortable, off guard and edgy, anything less and I wouldn't have his full attention.

The place is rammed, with VIP passes we'd skipped the queue and after buying beer in plastic glasses I lead him to the pit. To give him his due he's dressed well for the occasion, Converse All Stars, distressed jeans, Diesel T-shirt. I'd dressed for the band, in particular for the lead singer: knee high black platform boots, black suspenders, black pvc dress that just brushed my thighs and plunged my neck line. It has a silver zip that runs down the front. I'm topped off with a platinum blond baby doll wig and a large gold bow. I am dressed for attention. 

The band are walking on stage, the noise from the crowd is awesome. I push us to the centre, six or seven lines back from the front. The crowd is mostly men, hoping to get closer to the lead singer and catch her eye -- she has a reputation.

The men we push past aren't exactly happy that we're weaving our way through, I use Him as a battering ram, pushing and shoving him from behind. I want to be exactly where the action is, where the energy is greatest. When we reach the spot I can almost feel the electricity from the crowd we're so tightly crammed together. He tries to turn and say something to me but he's drowned out by the opening chords of the first track, I nod back to the stage and the lead singer emerges from a cloud of dry ice, slashed silver spandex barely covering her vital organs. His attention immediately switches to the singer, he's got that smug smile on his face I recognise from the hotel.

We move to the beat of the track, hips touching, gently rocking back and forth. He's a foot taller than me but in these boots I've still got good access to his neck and plant a series of small kisses down towards his shoulder, beginning to work him up a little. He barely seems to notice, eyes fixed on the silver flash on stage as she gyrates against a bass player who is all big hands and long meaningful chord strokes.

With one hand holding my beer, I let the other gently swing around His waist, brushing his cock which already feels quite hard. That gets his attention as he turns to smile at me, then nods towards the stage as if to acknowledge the affect that the singer is having on him. Cheeky bastard!

We're so tightly packed together no one can see below the shoulders of the person in front of them, so I'm pretty relaxed about pulling the zip down on his jeans and easing his quickly stiffening cock out. He gives me one knowing and then rests back on his heels, eyes fixed on the stage but body pressed up against me. If my body weren't vibrating to the booming bass I feel sure that I'd be able to hear him sigh.

I pump him a few time to get him nice and stiff and then pull my hand away. The beer is ice cold and I plunge my hand in for a few seconds before returning it back to him. I feel him jump as cold and wet meets hot flesh. That should wipe the smug smile off!

Tracks two and three pass with me wanking him, varying my rhythm to match the band. As track four reaches its crescendo, he sprays a ream of cum over my hand and on to the back of some guys' shirt in front, who doesn't even register it. I leave his cock hanging, poking him in the back and shaking my head when he tries to tuck himself back in. He gives me a slightly miffed look but then the band strike up again and he shrugs himself back towards the stage.

I push myself around to be in front of him, much to the consternation of the man to our right whom I have to jostle past. He's a giant, at least 6'7" tall and with a width to match. I turn and flash him an apologetic smile which smoothes his furrowed brow. Staring straight at him I also loosen the zip from between my chest a little, I see Giant's eyes move from mine, to my hand and then to the crest of my tits which he can now look straight down on. They don't leave even when the lead singer hits her high note, which I take as a compliment. I snap my fingers in front of my cleavage and his stare snaps back to my eyes, I smile, wink and turn back to face the stage. 

I can feel His dick hardening again, pressing up against hem of my skirt. I ignore it. With beer raised high in my hand I nudge forward, spilling some over the shoulder of the guy with the creamed shirt. He turns, wanting to be pissed off, then clocks my blonde wig and winning smile and can't help but smile back.

"Sorry!" I shout, playing up the ditzy and rolling my eyes just a little. He shakes his head, it's too loud to hear. I shout again:

"I said, "Would you like a blow job?"" He just looks at me again, he can see that I'm saying something else but can't hear above the roar of the music. He smiles again -- a cute University boy grin - and makes to turn back. I touch him once on the shoulder, he pauses, then I blow him a slow kiss. He looks bemused, unsure whether to stay or go -- but then his friend to the left knocks him and he turns towards back, laughs and carries on rocking to the music.

Looking around me all the pieces are in place. I put my mouth close up to His ear:

"I shall be back, keep your cock exactly where it is."

It's a struggle to push through the crowd to get to the bar, even harder to push back with two more beers. He greets me with a smile and then looks taken aback when I hand one beer to Giant on my right and the other over the shoulder to University Boy in front. They both look at first nonplussed, then very quickly delighted with the unprompted arrival of free beer. As Giant takes a long swig I gently run a hand over the front of his trousers, smoothly undoing his zip in one stroke. He barely pauses in his drinking as I heave his cock out in to the open; it is satisfactorily in proportion. 

As I take Giant in hand University Boy turns full to face me, presumably to thank me for the beer. I put a finger to his mouth to stop him even trying to talk, before taking my free hand to his crotch, unzipping him as well. He stands frozen as I pull his cock out from his boxer shorts, to his credit it is quickly rising to the challenge. When it is full and hard I bend at the waist and lower my head down and on to him.

My bending forward means that my skirt has risen high enough up my legs to expose a hint of my sex, my arse pushing back against His cock. I am panty-less and exposed, he needs no further guidance and sticks his cock deep inside me.

My right hand beats a rhythm on Giant's cock, my mouth engulfs University Boy and is being pushed ever deeper with each thrust from Him behind. The heat down here is stifling, the feeling of cock in hand, mouth and cunt exceptional. And all the time the music keeps us perfectly in sync.

The crowd are pushing tighter together as the band begins to work to the peak of their set, we're all so crammed I couldn't extract myself now even if I wanted to. Having already brought him off tonight I hope that He can last the distance, University Boy I expect to blow at any moment and as for Giant, I can't tell, although I am having trouble keeping my grip around his piece such is the girth. 

My first orgasm hits as University Boy fills my mouth, pumping and pumping me as I suck the whole lot down. He pulls out surprisingly quickly after coming, I realise why when another cock is quickly stuffed in my face. I don't know who's it is but accept the bonus with a willing tongue and hollowed cheeks as I seek to bring the newcomer off hard.

I'm wanking Giant fast, grinding as I do on His cock which is buried deep inside me. He's fucking me hard, hands on my hips, locking me in position. Giant has one of his hands over mine, a vice like grip on my fist and around his own cock, urging me harder. The second cock in my mouth gives up his cum quickly and I spit it out with a moan that is rising from the fucking I'm getting from behind. I can feel from the speed that He is close to coming. Three beats later and he's there, all heat and wet and firing off my second orgasm as I clench on to his cock. 

I turn my head up and to the right and meet Giant's eyes, they are alive with the orgasm that is sure to come soon given the speed he's got my hand working at. I grin and flick my head over my shoulder where He is emerging from his own ecstasy and pulling his cock out of me. He has been watching the story unfold around him while he's been fucking me but I'm not certain he'll make way.

I tweak Giant's cock and the big man settles it for us all, easing Him out of the way with sheer physical presence. I bend back up to standing and I can feel that thick rod of flesh butting up against my back. My cunt must be over a foot below his cock and even bending back over I can't see how this is going to work.

And then I feel myself being lifted. Still facing forward he's placed a hand on either side of my waist and is effortlessly raising me up high above the crowd. I can hear shouts of disapproval from the people behind us in the crowd but am powerless, at the mercy of Giant. He brings me slowly back down, back down and on to him. 

Thank fuck I'd been stretched and oiled already, the thickness is truly breathtaking. Now, as the lead singer announces that this is the final track of the evening he bounces me up and down on him. From my perch I have a spectacular view of the pyrotechnics on stage while fireworks are going off inside me. He is filling me like nothing I've ever had before and the way he man-handles me is half exhilarating, half frightening.

Being a higher than the rest of the crowd I catch the attention of the lead singer, who, even amidst the chaos of the show seems to understand that the bliss on my face isn't just because of her singing. Our eyes are locked on one another as she finishes the final note of the song and as the band strike their final, long, glorious note so Giant and myself come in unison, he dumping a bucket of cum up inside me and me gripping him in a peak of unadulterated orgasm.

In the darkness that follows Giant gently lifts me off and down. I catch my breath, unsteady on my feet, the spasms of my climax still tingling through my sex.

The crowd begin to call for more, it starts quiet at first but the beat of the chant compels others and soon it's a deafening roar. At the same time I survey the scene, the cocks of University Boy and his friend rising in front of me, Giant still pressing behind and Him lurking to the side; encore indeed!