 'Not bad' Miriam thought to herself, as she tried on the dress she had recently ordered online. 'Miriam, you're not bad at all...' At forty-four she was still a very attractive woman, and on her better days she knew it. Sometimes she'd catch a glimpse of herself in a mirror or shop window and knew that she could still turn heads. But twenty-one years of marriage, and three boisterous teenage sons, took their toll. It knocked your self-confidence. Geoff, her husband, was a good man. She knew he loved her, even though he hadn't told her in many years, and she truly loved him. But the passion they had shared had long since become a comfortable familiarity. It had been long time too since he had complimented her on her looks. She wasn't unhappy. They had a solid marriage, a secure home, good kids. Miriam had the sort of life that people envy. And it wasn't just her happy home life: she had a fulfilling job, loyal friends, enjoyed two holidays abroad each year, and had neighbours who were pleasant without being intrusive. Had she wanted the idyllic middle-class lifestyle that had been sold to her as desirable ever since she was a little girl, she had no need to look any further.

But Miriam wanted a lot more. She yearned for adventure, to be free, to feel alive again, to take risks. Just once she wanted to be able to think of herself first - not only after she had attended to work, husband, children, elderly parents and in-laws, and the PTA at her sons' school.

It took Miriam a long time to accept the truth that she was a vibrant, passionate woman, not at all ready for middle-aged mediocrity. She was a woman for whom the physical and sensual had long since been buried under duty and conformity. But she was still a sexual being, brimming with physical desires. She longed for what she once had, and she yearned for all the things she'd never dared to hope for when she was younger. Secret desires so deeply submerged that she barely acknowledged their existence.

Miriam wanted sex. Badly. She needed to get laid. She needed to let go, get fucked. Get fucked by all sorts of guys, in all sorts of ways, in all sorts of places. Anywhere but her bedroom, anyone but her husband. Sex with Geoff was pleasant but predictable. And increasingly infrequent. Though only three years older than her, Geoff had long since lost his libido. But Miriam knew, in stark contrast, that there was within her this whole inner world of desire and fantasy that needed to be plundered.

She was deeply upset the first time she found porn on Geoff's laptop. How could he crave other women - women who were just strangers on a screen, just flesh, women he didn't know - while leaving her so unfulfilled? She was hurt, though she couldn't confront him. But she had to admit that what she saw intrigued her. She talked to her best friend Louise over coffee later in the week. Louise was younger than her, 39, vivacious, and single. Her husband had left her for a twenty-two-year-old woman and while it had knocked her confidence it hadn't crushed her. Miriam admired, and secretly envied, her carefree attitude. Darren, Louise's thirteen-year-old son, was in the same class as Miriam's youngest son Sam. Louise and Miriam had met while helping to organise a PTA fundraiser. As they had talked that day they discovered they worked in the same part of town. So, coffee before work became a regular feature of their week. As uneventful as this may have seemed to others, Miriam came to depend on it. She had found in Louise the one person with whom, occasionally, she could risk honesty. Honesty about the mundanity of her life, the frustrations and disappointments. Louise understood, didn't judge. But Miriam had never really talked about the thing she most wanted to talk about. Sex. Desire. The deep regrets she had about missing out. She'd touched upon it, bashfully, in jokey ways before getting back to how fed up she was with washing muddy sports kits week after week.

Today though, she decided to go for it. She told Louise she had found porn on Geoff's laptop. 

'You're surprised? Miriam, men watch porn...'

Miriam knew this was true of course.

'It's not really what bothers me, it's just that it hasn't made him a better lover, or more adventurous, or more attentive. We barely have any passion left in our marriage.'

Miriam wanted to say that there was no passion at all, but her loyalty to Geoff stopped her.

'I just want to live a little, before it's too late.'

Louise looked at her and said, 'You want to cheat on Geoff.'

It was a statement not a question.

'What I want is to stop cheating on myself, cheating myself out of the life I've never let myself have.'

Louise said in response, 'Green Lane Leisure Centre.'

Miriam looked at her blankly.

'You know it?'

'Of course, my kids use it all the time.'

'Does Geoff?'

'No, his idea of participation in exercise is lifting his beer while he watches the rugby.'

She allowed herself a little laugh at that and Louise smiled sympathetically.

'You should come with me sometime.'

Miriam was clearly not following.

'Miriam, I'm a single woman. I don't go without sex. Come with me. You'll meet some interesting guys, trust me.'

Miriam was more than a little curious. But she said, 'I can't. How can I go somewhere my sons hang out, and expect to get picked up by other men?'

'Well, you need to join me on Saturday nights. No under 18s allowed, so no chance of bumping into your sons.'

Miriam was caught off guard. Within a few minutes of what had intended to be a conversation about her husband's porn habit and her own sexual frustration, her best friend was admitting to things that Miriam had had absolutely no idea about. And now she was being invited to partake of the same forbidden fruit. At the local leisure centre! What on earth...?!

Whatever her closest friend was on about, Miriam found a way to be there the following Saturday night. It was easy for Louise because her son Darren spent Saturday nights at his dad's. Miriam's three sons would either be home with Geoff or out with their mates, but what could she tell her husband? She decided on the truth, sort of. She explained that she had been feeling the need to get back to swimming - something she had been keen on when she was younger - and explained to Geoff that the adult only session on a Saturday night would be free of families with kids and teenagers acting the fool. Besides, she told her husband, 'This is the night Louise goes and I'd feel much happier going with her than going on my own...'

'Sounds like a good idea love. You deserve to do something you enjoy, have a little me time.'

Miriam added for good measure, 'You'd be welcome to join me.' This was hardly a calculated risk. She knew he'd never take her up on it. But she felt it somehow helped her cover her tracks.

That first night Miriam opted for the pool - so she wouldn't have to lie to Geoff later, while Louise used the fitness suite. Louise suggested they meet in the health suite, in the steam room, after 9 pm. 

Saturday night in the health suite was a mixed session, men and women, and users were required to wear swimsuits. Louise said that during single sex sessions a towel sufficed but that etiquette demanded more on Saturday nights. It made sense and frankly Miriam was relieved.

Miriam wasn't entirely clueless and it wasn't difficult to imagine that maybe the sauna and steam room might provide cover for amorous interactions. Though she couldn't really imagine how that might work - until she opened the door to the steam room. She had left the pool, collected her towel, showered and headed straight for the mysteries that Louise had so confidently invited her to join. She was apprehensive, but having come this far she saw no advantage in hanging around outside, looking lost. She had no idea whether Louise was in there already but she knew she'd join her soon enough if she wasn't. As the door opened the heat and damp hit her; she couldn't at first see anything. But she heard plenty. Amorous kissing, and talking in low sensual tones; the animal grunts and groans of men and women who were doing more than just sweating out their toxins.

And then as the steam cleared and her eyes adapted to the low lighting she could see several couples, mainly young, kissing and touching and groping. In the far corner there were three bodies intertwined. She was shocked, but so fucking turned on. Never, ever - not even at college - had she witnessed anything like this. She was momentarily fixed to the spot. She wondered when Louise would join her. That question was answered as quickly as it had formed in her mind, as she recognised the blond-haired woman on her knees with her head between the legs of a young man with a rugby build. Louise was kneeling as though in worship, her head bobbing up and down as she was pretty obviously gobbling this young man's cock.

Miriam just stood there. The rush of chemicals coursing through her brain, the swirl of emotions, the sensations in her body that she had long since forgotten she was capable of feeling. Everything combined to make her dizzy, ecstatic, so much so that she seemed to be lifted beyond her physical limitations. It was as if she were hovering, out of body, among all the beautiful, happy, liberated people here. Miriam took it all in: the sights, the sounds, the perfect symmetry of bodies, minds and souls. All were united in the pursuit of a higher calling: raw lust. Men and women had gathered here on a Saturday night to be free of the restraints of normal life. Here was Sex Manifest in lots of Flesh, an incarnation of life in all its joy and debauchery. 

As though Louise sensed that Miriam was standing behind her, and could read her mind, she stopped what she was doing, turned round, looked directly into her eyes and smiled. Miriam now had a clear view of Louise's left hand grasping the young man's rock hard and huge cock. Louise indicated for her to join her. Miriam just stared. Louise took her hand and led her to the prize. The young man certainly wasn't protesting. 

Against twenty plus years of restraint, of dreams left dormant, Miriam's hand reached out and grasped firm hot throbbing young flesh. She hadn't even seen a naked man apart from Geoff, since college days. It was as if a switch had suddenly been turned on within her. She felt alive again for the first time in years, in that one moment of flesh touching flesh, of fingers wrapping around this unknown man's beautiful cock. Louise's left hand joined Miriam's right hand and between them they slid fingers up and down, up and down. The young man, no older than mid-twenties she reckoned, was writhing with pleasure.

And then as quickly as she had started she froze, and pulled her hand away. She saw in her mind's eye her husband and boys sat around in the lounge watching TV. Miriam gulped, decided she couldn't carry on, but knew she couldn't leave. So, she watched. She watched as Louise continued to wank this young man. And as she watched, a pretty girl she hadn't until now noticed lent over from where she was sat to the right of the rock hard young man and took his throbbing cock in her mouth as Louise continued to stroke the shaft. Miriam, almost unaware that she was doing so, pulled her swimsuit to one side so she could insert a finger into her now very wet cunt. Without thought for how new all this was, Miriam played with her own pussy while she watched two attractive women pleasure a beautiful specimen of rock hard, young, virile manhood. 

As she did so, transfixed by this whole new world that was opening to her, she noticed that the young girl - who was now sucking as though her life depended on it - was in fact naked. As was another young guy, sat to this girl's right, who was fingering her slit while she sucked the first guy. His swimming trunks were around his ankles and with his other hand he was wanking himself. He wasn't as big as the guy Louise and the girl were working on, but as far as Miriam was concerned he was impressive enough. She realised that he and the girl were probably not much older than eighteen. 

Miriam was being assaulted - in a wholly good way - by a series of explosive visual treats the likes of which she had never once allowed herself to fantasise about. She took it all in. The muscular body and virility of the twenty-something young man who Louise was wanking while his shaft went in and out of the mouth of the beautiful teenage girl. The girl fully naked, like the man she was sucking, and the teenage lad who was fingering her while jerking himself off. A perfect symmetry of four people enjoying their own and each others' bodies.

Miriam's dark curls stuck to her face, as her body soaked up the heat and humidity of her surroundings, and fell over her eyes giving her a sultry and seductive look enhanced by her Latin features and tan body. Her swimsuit felt uncomfortable and unnecessarily restrictive, and she realised there was little point wearing it. She peeled it off, held it and her towel as she found a space on the bench next to the adolescent boy who was playing with himself while he fingered the pretty girl next to him. Miriam continued to finger her own twitching snatch. She looked at the boy and admired his open celebration of masturbation which didn't stop just because a woman over twice his age had now sat next to him. She glanced past his cock and to his right to the girl who was now groaning and writhing as he pushed two then three fingers into her. He offered the girl words of encouragement as she sucked the other man, a task she was now sharing with Louise who was once again showing off what appeared to be years of training in oral skills. 

Miriam noticed that Louise wasn't yet naked. It seemed that she was too focused on the delicious specimen of dick right in front of her to care. Miriam now began to scan the rest of the steam room and take in the sights and sounds beyond the happy Gang of Four. To her left was an older man, her age, but toned, fit, ruggedly good-looking. As she glanced at him he turned suddenly and kissed her. She pulled back and was for a moment worried that she'd be pressured into something she didn't want. He immediately smiled, and waved his hand in a friendly acknowledgement that she wanted nothing from him. Miriam was in awe of what was happening here. There seemed to be a high level of respect, of empowerment. If anything, she sensed, as she took in all the activity around her, that the women were very much in control. This wasn't merely a bunch of horny men satisfying their lusts with scant regard for the women they needed to achieve satisfaction. It all felt rather affirming and ennobling, even though part of Miriam was still somehow separate from it all, observing it all in a detached way as her mind wandered back and forth from the present reality to visions of her unsuspecting family back at home, or wherever they were... 

The teenage lad broke the spell. He turned to Miriam and with a boyish innocence said, 'I'm so happy. So proud of my girlfriend. I love her so much.' At that he gently caressed Miriam's arm. She turned to him and kissed him. A deep, adult, lust-fuelled kiss. Their tongues probed each other's mouths and the boy, after several minutes of this, pulled away and Miriam saw that he was still fingering the girl - his girlfriend. Then using his free hand, he tentatively explored between Miriam's open legs until he found his goal - her wet and surprisingly tight pussy. Now he was fingering both his girl and this older woman. His cock was standing upright and throbbing. His face was like that of an angel reflecting God's glory, which seemed to Miriam - who was not an especially religious woman - as good a way to describe it as any set of physiological descriptors.

And if Miriam believed in heaven she certainly hoped it wouldn't be any less wonderful than what she was now experiencing. She was gaining confidence by the minute. Something that had been binding her, diminishing her, seemed to break. Hope soared within her as a rush of sexual desire flooded her body. She turned to her left, to the older guy she had resisted earlier. He appeared transfixed by the scene unfolding before him and stroked his cock which was thicker than the boy's - not as long but no less firm. Miriam grasped it with her left hand and he jolted with pleasure. She then reached out with her other hand and took the teenager's cock. Two cocks at once, a youth at his sexual peak, and a man who was her contemporary exuding experience and confidence. 

In all of this she had forgotten about Louise. She looked over to see her, now naked, sitting on the lap of the guy she had been wanking and sucking. Louise was riding the cock which Miriam had wanked in tandem with her best friend when she first entered this temple of hedonism. Yes, Rugby Stud, as she now thought of him, was fucking Louise. And Louise seemed oblivious to everyone else around her. Miriam watched as her best friend bobbed up and down on this young man's engorged tool which had only a few minutes before been in her own mouth. This most beautiful of sights, combined with the sensory overload Miriam was herself experiencing... she couldn't have hoped for anything more. She had new admiration and respect for Louise, whom she had already perceived to be a strong and independent woman. Here was the proof that Louise knew what she wanted and went all out to get it. Here was the woman for whom Miriam would forever remain thankful, the woman who would help ensure that from now on Miriam would get exactly what she wanted and needed.

Miriam turned her attention back to the two men she was jacking off. Both of whom now were fingering her, working together to give her cunt the workout it had so long been denied. The boy's girlfriend, who had stopped sucking Rugby Stud so that he could penetrate Louise, was now kissing her boyfriend full on...from a stranger's cock to her lover's mouth and he seemed completely at ease with it all. Miriam wanked him more vigorously and the boy began to buck. His girlfriend - whom he called Kate when, between kisses, he told her how much he loved her - now went down on his pulsating hard on. As Kate begun to suck her beau Miriam moved her hand from his shaft and towards his balls which she now cupped and squeezed. She felt them contract and his cock throb as she sensed movement upwards through his shaft as fresh teenage spunk was propelled ready to explode. The boy cried out and his girl lifted herself in time for him to cum. Vast amounts of thick white creamy liquid shot all over her glowing face in several arcs. It was a sight of exquisite beauty.

At that moment, Miriam was aware of the man to her left pulling away from her. He stood up and positioned himself in front of her. He stood proudly, his engorged cock pointed straight at her as he wanked himself at a quickened pace. She knew he was about to offload all over her. Any reticence she had dissipated in a mixture of fevered heat and heightened lust. As he covered Miriam's breasts, neck and face in ropes of thick cum Louise moaned and the young man she was impaled upon grunted loudly as he, Miriam assumed, filled Louise with his hot young spunk. 

Sunday at home with Geoff and their three boys - Toby, Marc and Sam - was disconcerting. Not because Miriam felt guilty or ashamed or even secretive: on the contrary she felt disoriented because she felt none of these things. She was happy and relaxed. Not even ecstatic - just calm, assured. Miriam had already successfully compartmentalised the previous night's abandon and was now back in her normal domestic role. In a way nothing had changed. Yet of course everything had changed.

Toby, at 16 her eldest, told his mum and dad after dinner that Mr. Johnson, their new PE teacher, wanted to call a meeting with parents of boys in both the football and rugby teams. Toby's sport was rugby.
