 I heard the door open and my wife came in. It was late but no later than her usual night of work. She walked into the bedroom and I could see in her eyes that she was frisky. I hoped I knew what would come next. She peeled her clothes off and left them in a pile beside the bed which creaked as she climbed onto it and straddled my head. Her strong thighs touched my cheeks as she steadied herself against the headboard. I could smell the sweet aroma of her arousal as she lowered her wet pussy to my waiting mouth. My hands slid up her stomach to her tits and gently squeezed them as gravity combined with her contracting cunt muscles to fill my mouth with warm thick cum. I swallowed the creamy goo and then sucked her meaty pussy lips into my mouth as she ground her hard clit against my nose.

"Suck my pussy sweetheart," she moaned softly as I licked and sucked her well fucked pussy. She had been fucked hard and her pussy was reddened and swollen.

"Did his cum taste good my love?" she teased as I continued to swallow drops of man juice that I licked from her lips.

"Mmm," I moaned into her grotto as I plunged my tongue and bottom jaw inside my wife's gapping pussy in search of more cum. She rode my face hard and it was coated with her delicious juices when my lips found her hard swollen clit. I sucked it into my mouth and flicked my tongue across it over and over until she came hard on my face.

"You're a good pussy eater," she praised as she collapsed on the bed next to me. She started to stroke my hard cock fast as I savored the flavor of her cum filled pussy on my lips.

"Make love to me" she said, guiding me by the cock.

I rose onto my knees and pointed my cock at her smooth, soaked pussy as she reached under me and forced a saliva coated finger into my ass. I groaned loudly as she expertly massaged my prostate while I furiously pumped my hard rod.

"Cum for me ," she said softly as I passed the point of no return. I moaned loudly as I unloaded an enormous load of thick cream into my wife's pussy. At that point my wife tensed and moaned with her own climax. My load was much bigger than the one I had just ingested and it start to drip down to her ass quickly.

"Good job, now clean your mess up babe," she said playfully as she grabbed my head and guided it to her cum filled pussy.

That was my thing. I loved cum.

I loved how it felt and how it tasted.

I loved a lot of things.

I love her.

I obediently licked my seed from her body and held it in my mouth moving up to share it with her in a passionate kiss. She loved cum too.

"When are you going to let me watch you take a load from the tap?" She chided. It was my wife's contention that my willingness to eat a creampie from her pussy or my own cum meant that I was bisexual. The truth was that I was not attracted to men at all and in my mind that made me completely straight.

"If I brought a friend of ours home you would to suck his cock, " my wife taunted.

"You would enjoy that wouldn't you?" I teased.

"Damn straight I would. " she continued, "You're my cum loving hubby and you're just waiting to get it right from the source, aren't you?" She was really getting tired now, so we kissed, snuggling close and fell asleep.

--

A week later I was home alone while my wife was at work . I was sitting in just a pair of boxer briefs when I heard the door open down the hall. It was only 10:00 which was much earlier than usual. I walked out of the bedroom expecting to see just my wife but she was not alone. A close and special friend was with her. He had met her at work and followed her home.

She took her shirt and bra off before pulling his tight black tee-shirt up over his head, and worked his belt open and his jeans free. He looked at me and smiled as my wife pulled her pants and panties off and sank to her knees.

She pulled his pants down to his ankles and took his flaccid cock in her hands. I watched in silence as my wife took his semi-erect dick into her mouth and sucked on it as it grew in her mouth. His dick was long and thick as my wife fit it into her mouth. 

I pulled my boxer briefs off and grabbed my cock with my right hand as I watched my wife give a blow job to another man.

I slowly stroked my cock with my eyes riveted to the show she was putting on. Then my wife said, " you boys will have to wait, I need a quick shower."

With that she rose up and went to the bathroom for what seemed a quick rinse.

Dropping her towel she climbed on the bed. She kissed me, then started sucking our friend's cock again.

"Come closer," she said as she motioned for me to sit beside them. I moved slowly, as though I was in some sort of lust induced trance. I knelt naked beside my wife and watched as her spit covered his big dick. "Want a taste?" my wife asked softly as if reading my mind. She pointed the thick bulbous head of his throbbing meat at my mouth.

"Do you?"

"Yes," I said softly.

My wife put her hand on my head and guided it to his cock. I hesitated for a moment as I pondered the ramifications and then I parted my lips and accepted his hard rod into my mouth. I could taste the briny flavor of his precum as his cock slid against my tongue.

'I am doing it' I thought, as I closed my eyes and surrendered to my lust.

My cock twitched and saliva spilled from my mouth as I slurped on his thick rod.

"I knew you wanted to suck a cock, Honey." My wife whispered in my ear.

"You want him to cum in your mouth, don't you?"

I moaned around his thick shaft. She knew me too well. I wrapped my hand around his shaft and sucked on the delicious drooling head with my eyes closed tightly. I had never experienced such an erotic feeling. I could feel the veins and ridges of his meat as they slid over my lips and across my tongue. A cool liquid ran over my exposed asshole as I sucked and stroked his cock. I wanted to look back to see what my wife was up to but couldn't see. I could feel the smooth lubricated head of a vibrator rubbing and buzzing against my asshole and I moaned softly.

"Relax Honey," my wife said as the fake cock entered my asshole. 

I groaned loudly as I continued to slurp on his delicious cock. She fucked me slowly at first with long strokes that massaged my prostate and made my cock twitch with each thrust. I sucked on his spongy cock head as I pumped my fist over his smooth hard shaft hard and fast while my wife fucked my ass. Then she managed to slide beneath me, between my legs and take my cock in her mouth.

She increased her pace to match mine and my orgasm began to build. I came hard and almost without warning. My dick spasmed and pumped a tremendous load of thick cum into her mouth as my wife eased the vibrator from my ass.

"Rest Honey, while I get fucked," she said as she scooted up the bed and our friend eased his cock into her from behind, sliding into her.

I then, taking a trick from her, eased underneath them between her legs and licked at her pussy as he stroked in and out.

"Oh fuck yes," she hissed as my tongue flicked over her engorged clit while he fucked her hard from behind. My wife came hard. Her body shook uncontrollably as she moaned and cried out loud enough for the entire neighborhood to hear. He continued to pound his huge cock into my wife as I moved from licking her hypersensitive clit to his slippery shaft. His breathing became erratic and it was clear he was going to cum.

I wanted a fresh thick creampie to lick from my wife's cunt.

"I'm gonna cum Deb," he grunted as he furiously pounded his dick into my wife.

"Where do you want it?"

"Put it in his mouth," my wife said without hesitation.

"Open wide," he said coarsely as he thrust his girl juice covered cock into my mouth.

I felt his head hit the back of my throat as it began to spit. I swallowed the first two blasts and they slid down my throat like a warm salty oyster. He pulled back until just the tip was in my mouth and his cock continued to spurt. I closed my eyes as he filled my mouth with his warm tasty cum. I held it there and savored its salty essence before swallowing it all like a whore. 

My cock was stiff and my wife pushed me onto my back and sat on my hard dick as our friend recovered. They kissed and he caressed her body as she rode my cock hard. I had already cum once and despite her fervish pace my climax was not close.

Our friend recovered quickly as we fucked and in no time his rod was back at full attention begging for a suck. He knelt next to us and my wife took his cock into her mouth, and he started humping her mouth in rhythm to us.

"I want you both to cum." she panted.

A steady flow of tremors soon shook her body until she came so hard she nearly blacked out. That set me and our friend over the top and we both came, me shooting deep in her pussy and him into her mouth as she swallowed every drop.

Our friend left shortly after, leaving us satisfied and happy. We saw him off. She and I went to bed together and she kissed me deeply, both of us savoring the taste of pussy and cum on our lips. "I knew you wanted to suck a cock my love. Next week maybe Rich can deflower your ass. You will like that won't you?"

"Yes, I probably will sweetheart, at least I'll try," I replied honestly.

"You know you're bisexual, like me right?" she asked.

"Yup. Does that bother you?"

"Not at all. In fact, I think it is really hot."