 Marlene's body was more than I ever could have imagined. Her amazing large breasts were on display. There was a slight sag to them, but they were still wonderful to look at. She had curves in all the right places and a well groomed pubic region.

All were in a state of undress and we moved to the bed. Marlene pushed me onto my back and took up where Candy had left off with me, by sucking me into her mouth. I looked over and saw Tim between his wife's legs licking and sucking her pussy. Candy moved her head closer to me and we kissed. Our tongues locked and I began to fondle her breasts and pinch her nipples. 

Candy pulled away and pulled Marlene up to her, "sit on my face," Candy ordered. Marlene squatted over Candy's head and Candy lashed her tongue out, mimicking what Tim was doing to her. Marlene moaned and began to grind her face on Candy's face.

Suddenly she jumped up and reached for her purse. She pulled the camera that Fred had given her out and began to snap some pictures. She handed me the camera with a smile and resumed her position over Candy.

I snapped pictures of the threesome from different angles then set the camera down on a table. I set the timer and jumped up and shoved my cock into Marlene's mouth. The camera snapped off the picture right as Candy exploded in orgasmed all over Tim's face. 

Candy decided to take a break and take some pictures as Tim and I played with Marlene. Candy directed us into a new position where Marlene was on all fours and I was behind her. Candy snapped close up shots as I slid my rigid member inside of Marlene. Tim was directed to lay under her and she took his tool in her mouth.

Candy snapped off close ups of Marlene sucking on Tim's pole, then got some of the whole scene. I was getting close to cumming and I told Marlene I couldn't last much longer. Candy took this as a cue and repositioned us again. Marlene lay on her back while Tim and I placed our cocks over her face. She took turns stroking and sucking on us. Tim got to the point of exploding too and Marlene sped up her stroking and sucking.

I came first covering her mouth with my seed. Tim came a few seconds later doubling the quantity of sticky cream on Marlene's face. She licked us clean while Candy captured it all with the camera. Candy then told Tim to take the camera as she pushed me away and began to lick Marlene's face clean. I moved so that Tim could get a better angle to take pictures from.

After Candy had removed all the cum from Marlene's face they shared another kiss. Tim and I stood back and watched as the women began to feel at each other's bodies. Candy began to kiss her way down Marlene's body and once again began to lap at the juices pouring from Marlene's wet pussy. Marlene signaled to Candy to move her body so they were in a 69 position. We watched and took pictures as the women licked and fingered each other to multiple orgasms.

We all took a break and had drinks. Soon Marlene began lightly stroking me back to life and started to lead me to the bed. We petted and fondled each other until Tim and Candy joined us. We Candy took me in her mouth while Tim slid into her wetness. Marlene took the opportunity to take some pictures, and then came up with an idea. 

Marlene set the camera on the nightstand positioned so it could catch all of us on the bed at once. She had Candy lay on her back and she positioned herself over her in a 69 position. She directed Tim to get behind her and slide into her. She then told me to do the same to Candy. As we slid in and out of the women Tim reached over every so often and clicked the shutter on the camera capturing all four of us engaged in sexual bliss. 

As I slid in and out of Candy, Marlene licked and sucked at her clit, licking my shaft at the same time doubling my pleasure. From my angle it appeared that Tim was giving and getting the same treatment. Candy began to orgasm, her muscles gripping and squeezing my rod as I pumped in and out of her. The feeling was too much and I began to feel my balls tightening, signaling my release. Marlene could tell and she began to massage my balls. With one last thrust I filled Candy with my second load of the night. 

I pulled out, spent, and watched as Marlene lowered her head and licked Candy clean. As she was doing this Candy and Tim's actions sent her over the edge. She moaned into Candy's pussy causing another orgasm for Candy. Tim drove himself deep into Marlene and exploded deep inside her. He rolled away and left the girls licking each other clean. 

After the girls separated we all dressed and thanked each other for a wonderful evening. Marlene and I retired to our room where we showered and crawled into bed cuddling as we drifted off to sleep as it was now closing in on 2 a.m. 

I began to dream about the night's events, a dream so real I could almost feel the warm mouth that was sucking me. The warmth and wetness and the motions as that head moved up and down my hard shaft. Soon I began to realize this dream was too real, and I opened my eyes. Marlene was smiling up at me, "hello my sleepy lover. It looked so tasty I just had to get a quick sample."

She crawled up to me and we began to kiss and snuggle. Soon our kisses became more intense and Marlene lowered herself onto my pole. She began to ride me slowly at first, gradually gaining momentum. She orgasmed and collapsed onto my chest. I was still inside her and began to slowly move in and out of her wonderful love hole.

Marlene jumped up and laid face down beside me. She looked into my eyes and said, "There is only one thing I would have changed about last night." 

"What's that?" I asked as I ran my hands up and down her back.

"I would have had Tim stuff my pussy while you filled my ass," she replied.

I took this as an invitation and slid my finger between her cheeks and began to massage her sphincter. Marlene moaned loudly and pushed back against my finger. I slid my finger inside her tight back hole and she moaned louder. I worked my finger in and out faster and faster as Marlene slid her hand underneath her body and began to rub her clit. 

I moved behind Marlene and slid into her wet pussy getting my cock nice and wet. I pulled out and remove my finger from her ass. I replaced my finger with the head of my cock. I started to push slowly into her when she surprised me by pushing back, burying me completely in her tight ass.

I was moving slowly in and out of Marlene's ass, but it didn't seem to be fast enough for her. She bucked and pushed against me driving me deeper and harder into her rectum. It was so tight and warm I could barely stand it. Marlene's hand rubbed faster on her clit and she exploded, crying out loudly as she did. The spasms of her anal muscles were more than I could take. I drove deep one last time and filled her with a fresh load of my cum.

We showered and dressed then went down for breakfast. We gathered our things and began to head down to the car. It was an amazing night and morning, now it was drawing to and end.

We chatted on the way home, when Marlene surprised me by asking me to drive her through a large park that was on the way home. She dropped her head in my lap and took out my member and sucked me to an intense orgasm as I piloted the car around the park. She swallowed every drop of my fluid, and then zipped me up.

"That was the best way I can think to say thank you," Marlene said as she sat up in the seat.

I drove us home and gave Marlene a goodbye kiss, before going into my house. That night at the ball made me realize what a wonderful neighbor I had, and what a wonderful wife he had.