 The O Industries building just looked so imposing -- so big and tall, and to be honest, kind of scary. Instantly, her little bum hole clenched in agreement. Seems it hadn't forgotten what happened to it the last time Krystal had come here. 

But this was where she worked now. As a tester -- of sex aids. And apparently today there was a cocktail party. Sort of and meet greet where she'd be getting a chance to meet some of the other testers. Her mind quickly shied away from what else she might end up doing with a few of them later. Since, Dr. Anderson had told her she'd be working in real life situations this time -- whatever the heck that meant. 

Heaving a heavy sigh, she walked up the front steps, and strode through the automatic glass doors, and headed straight for the elevators. The party was on the twelfth floor, where the test rooms were located. So, after she pushed that button, telling her stomach to settle down she was swiftly whisked up to... really she had no idea to what. If she was lucky it might be just be wine and cheese, and a little conversation. Or, she might find her nipples clamped again, and her pussy and ass impaled with some kind of vibrator or another they'd want her to test. Yikes. She really hoped it would just be the wine and cheese.

Krystal had a cousin who worked in a cookie and cracker factory, where as part of her job she had to taste products for freshness and taste appeal. And she always said she hated that part, having to try everything whether she liked it or not, but at least she got to keep her panties on, and didn't come like tidal wave every time she tried their latest flavor of cracker. Dawna seemed so lucky now.

Once she got off on the twelfth floor, she felt relieved when she noticed Dr. Anderson walking toward her smiling. "Krystal, glad you could make it."

She instantly smiled back, despite the fact that the last time he'd seen her he'd ridden her hard and put her away wet -- literally, seeing as she squelched all the way home, getting really weird looks from the other commuters. But since it was just part of the job for him, too, she couldn't find it in herself to be upset with him. Plus, he was just so good looking with his neat dark hair, and sultry grey eyes. "Yeah, wouldn't miss it," she finally said.

"Good. Now there's just one thing, I think we should do." Holding out his arm, he directed her down the hallway to the room they'd used for her first session. And once she got inside, everything came back in a flash and she went all tingly. Especially the big bed with the plastic cover reminding her all over again how wet she'd gotten as he'd worked her pussy, and ass and how hard she'd screamed when she came, over and over and over. And god, how embarrassing was that?

Finally lifting her gaze to meet his, she asked, "Are we starting testing already?" So much for the party.

Shaking his head, he said, "No. Just thought that later, you might be glad we did this." Then he lifted a butt plug off one of the tables and her eyes flew open wide.

No way, no how could she ever imagine being glad she'd inserted a big old plug into her butt, and began to physically squirm just thinking about it. And why would anyone even want something like that pushed up in there anyway? "Can I ask why?"

Nodding, he said, "If you recall, I did mention that the testing from now on would involve real life situations, which could entail anything you can imagine. So I think it's best if we prepare you for any eventuality. This is called a trainer plug. There are four sizes, and this one is the smallest."

What the heck was she training it to do, anyway, to catch a ball or a Frisbee? Finally, with a resigned shrug, she said, "Sure. So, what do I have to do?"

Reaching for a pump bottle of lube, he said, "If you could just remove your panties, and then bend at the waist over the bed, I can put it in for you. This lubricant also has a relaxant, so that should help."

Gee, how kind. Not every guy she met offered to fill her ass like this. Still, seeing as she was thrilled to have finally landed a decent paying job, especially when she needed it so badly, for little incidentals like rent and food, she obediently shimmied out of her panties, tucked them into her purse and pulled her silky black dress up around her waist, and bent over just as he'd asked her to. Then she tensed up, so hard, that he probably couldn't have pulled her butt cheeks apart with a crow bar no matter how hard he tried. 

Placing a hand on her lower back, gently rubbing, he said, "Krystal, I'm going to have to ask you to relax. And if it'll help, I can open you up a little with my finger first, just like last time."

Oh, boy, the old finger in the ass trick again. Doing her best to relax her butt muscles, she nodded and agreed, "Yeah, I think that might help." Then she felt the tip of his finger gently reaming her little rosebud, and she had to bite down hard on her lip, it just felt so naughty. And the second he pushed past the resistance of her sphincter, she let out a breath, realizing she was beginning to sweat and pant, as he gently finger-fucked into her tight little ass for a bit. 

"Now how does that feel?"

"Uh, okay." Or pretty fucking amazing depending on your point of view; geez, she'd forgotten that he knew just how to work an asshole. Already, her needy pussy was clenching and unclenching wanting in on the action, and she could feel herself getting wetter and wetter with every thrust of his finger. Ugh. What a weird job. No one would believe her if she told them. Talk about taking one for the team.

"Now, I'm going to add a second finger, and scissor you a bit to try and loosen you up a little more. You still feel pretty tight."

"Awww," she cried out. Although initially there was a sharp sting, especially with two of them filling her up, her hips still thrust back to meet his probing fingers and now she wished he'd get out the vibrator, and give her poor pussy the relief it was practically screaming for.

"Still okay?" he asked, both fingers deep in her ass now, twisting and stretching her hole.

"Uh-huh..." Fuck me, I think I'm into anal. Who knew? But oh, man that feels so freaking amazing.

"Just a little more," he said, pushing in and out, in and out, flexing his fingers open wider, along with her hole.

"Yes, please," she said, without even realizing she'd said it. Biting down harder on her lip, as she really got into it, she actually felt bereft by the time he pulled out his fingers.

"Now let's try the plug, okay? But I need you to relax and push against it and just imagine I'm still using my fingers."

Taking a deep breath, she nodded. "Okay..."

Then she felt the tip pushing in, thankfully even smaller than his finger. And as he very slowly pushed the gradually widening little black plug past the point of resistance, reminding herself to just keep breathing and relax, she finally let out a sigh of relief when he patted her back and said, "There it's in. Now, how does that feel?"

"Kind of full, but honestly, not too bad," she admitted. Sort of tingly and kind of kinky, too, which she realized, with a sly little smirk, she was definitely starting to like.

Washing his hands at the sink, he said, "We'll just leave it in for the party and take it out after, just to get you used to it."

Over the years, she'd done a lot to prepare for parties: special make up, styling her hair, buying sexy new clothes or shoes, but not once had it occurred to her to fill her ass up first. Wow... No matter how you sliced it, this job was kind of weird.

Walking back to the common room where the party was already underway, they chatted amiably, like nothing had happened. Like he hadn't just been fingering her butt hole and filling it up with a plug. But then again, glancing around at the assembled crowd, she had to wonder how many others were carrying little silicone hitchhikers around in their backsides. For all she knew, maybe everyone in the room was packing -- sort of like a secret handshake, only with a sharp little sting first -- very strange.

A tall broad-shouldered dark skinned man smiled when she walked in, and instantly her gaze dropped to the long thickness that was hanging down inside his pant leg. Because holy fucking shit, how could she miss something the size of that monster? Guy's got a real live trouser snake! Of course she'd heard of them, but never actually seen one. And he was handsome too, and built. Like a linebacker.

He approached smiling, instantly extending his hand. "Hey, I'm Otis."

Accepting his hand, she said, "Hi, Otis. I'm Krystal."

He leaned close and whispered, "And you're also very pretty."

Feeling herself blush, she began to wonder about the perks of a job like this, especially if guys like Otis were one of the benefits.

A moment later, another well-built, blue-eyed blond came over and playfully elbowing Otis aside, said, "Hey, I'm Rick. And I'm guessing you're new here."

When she nodded, he smiled slyly and said, "Then I'm glad we're getting a chance to meet. Perhaps we'll get a chance to work together some time."

Work together. She wondered in a place like this, what that would be code for. It could just mean giving their opinions, trying out a few toys, or lotions, but it could just as easily mean fucking each other's brains out. Since the job requirements were pretty wide open from what she'd learned. Giving them both an encouraging smile she said, "That might be fun."

Then her gaze dropped and she noticed this guy was really packing, too. Maybe not in his ass, like she was, but he sure had something pretty substantial going on there in the front. Good, god, were all the guys hung like horses around here? Tipping her head, trying to slyly sneak a peek at a few of the others, her suspicions were quickly confirmed. All of them had cocks that would scare the shit out of the average pussy. Now she hoped, when the time came, that they teamed her up with someone at least a little less well-endowed.

Despite their imposing size, she quickly decided that both Otis and Rick were a lot of fun. And the three of them laughed and talked and teased for hours. But after she'd had two drinks, she knew she had to switch to mineral water. She needed to keep her wits about her, especially in a place like this.

But sadly after a while the lights came up and she was kind of sorry that the little get together had to come to an end. She'd basically only had time to meet this pair of charmers, but was still glad she had since they'd turned out to be really nice guys.

Dr. Anderson approached just then, nodded and said, "So, how did you three get along?"

The guys gave each other sly smiles and said in one voice, "Great." 

Smiling at them, Krystal said, "Yeah, we had fun tonight."

Nodding thoughtfully, the doctor said, "Well, then perhaps you wouldn't mind if we retired to a test room to try some equipment together."

Krystal's radar went up as the two men gave each other secretive little smiles as Dr. Anderson began to lead the way, simply assuming they'd all be on board for whatever he had in mind. 

Once they got to another testing room, Krystal noticed an ominous looking black sling hanging from heavy-duty hooks in the ceiling. Dr. Anderson turned then and said, "I know the two of you are familiar with the use of a sex sling, but I'm wondering if you've ever tried one before, Krystal?" 

When she simply stared at it wide eyed, shaking her head, he smiled and said, "There's nothing scary about it, I promise. It's just a device used to help partners engage in sex in a vertical position. It's used sometimes by people with mobility issues, but more often just for pleasure. And I think you might enjoy it. Now if you'd like to go behind that partition, I can help you remove the uh... other device."

Quickly nodding her head, she was relieved that he'd realized she might feel awkward about having the butt plug pulled out in front of the other two. And once he told her to push, he managed to withdraw it fairly easily. 

"Now," he said, keeping her behind the partition for a moment as he washed up, "since you seem to have hit it off with those two, I think I'll let nature take its course for a while, and I'll be back later to check on how you're doing. How would that be?"

What could she say? Not much. Once she stepped back into the room, and Dr. Anderson nodded his head and left, both Otis and Rick smiled and approached her, making her pulse race and her heart go into overdrive. The pair of them seemed to understand how this worked, but she didn't have a clue.

Then Rick came up behind her, and gently running his fingers through her long chestnut hair, his lips to her ear, hot breath sending a wave of delirious shivers down her spine, he murmured, "You know you've got the most beautiful hair, Krystal."

Otis, at the same time, facing her, had his hands on her hips, rubbing up and down, smiling into her eyes, as he said, "And a stunning face." His fingers traveled then to brush the sides of her breasts as he leaned closed and gently began to feather kisses over her mouth. Ooh, lordy, she could get used to this pretty damn quick.

With Rick cupping her ass as Otis sank his tongue into her mouth fondling her breasts and tugging at her nipples, she wondered if she'd had more to drink than she'd thought since she couldn't believe that both these hunks were actually making out with her. And holy moly, crazy as this was, she had never felt anything so insanely arousing or as hot as two men, touching and teasing her body. 

Then her eyes flew open when Rick slid his hands up her thighs, lifting her dress, and exposing her bare ass, his steely cock instantly pressing against it, rubbing right into the crack. "Wow, commando, nice," he murmured, with a smile in his voice. With his hot, tongue lashing around the shell of her ear, she sucked in a breath, shamelessly thrusting her ass back against him. Chuckling he said, "Seems like we've got a live one, here, Otis. And she's not shy."

Smiling into her eyes, Otis's fingers began a sensual trail up her thigh making her gasp when two of those long thick fingers began to spread her pussy open wide, her eyes instantly falling shut. She began to seriously moan as he toyed with her, pushing in just a little, while teasingly massaging her pussy lips and clit. God, he was getting her so freaking wet. 

Damn, what a freaking amazing job this was turning out to be -- two, big burly studs working my body -- holy, freaking shit. Did it get any better than this? Groaning deep as they both worked her over, Otis's fingers now pushing deep inside her, beginning to work her slick hole. No. She honestly didn't think it could. 

Fuck working an office job, this was so much better, and just so insanely hot!

By the time she finally opened her eyes, both of them were naked. Her gaze taking in every last inch of them as her heart nearly flew from her chest. Good lord, both had big wide muscular chests, narrow waists and lean hips, but it was their cocks that had her mouth falling open and beginning to water. Holy shit, porn stars had smaller wangs than these guys. Not that she'd seen all that much porn, but damn, these guy's cocks, hard like this, hung halfway to their freaking knees! 

Lifting her gaze to meet Otis's, she noticed he was grinning at her. "Don't look so scared. It won't hurt you. I promise it's only designed to give pleasure."

Says the guy with the foot long. A cock like that could do some serious damage. Even as her pussy and ass both anxiously tingled with anticipation, she wondered how this deal would work, with guys hung the way they were. 

Then Rick tipped her head to the side and took her mouth with his, and she forgot whatever it was she'd been thinking, as Otis roughly fingered her pussy, and played with her nipples while Rick sank his tongue deep into her mouth, while squeezing her ass, and trailing a teasing finger in and out of the crack. Okay, crazy as this was, they'd gotten her so aroused, she was more than up for whatever they had planned. Twelve inch cocks or no. And she had to admit, she was more than a little curious to know what it would feel like to have not only one but two studly horny guys working her over with all that man meat.

Not even caring about the clacking noises her soaked pussy was making as Otis began to really finger fuck the hell out of her pie, his mouth now sucking back hard on a tingling nipple, as Rick began to slide a finger in and out of her still slippery asshole, she nearly jumped out of her skin when Dr. Anderson lightly rapped on the door and came striding back into the room. What the fuck?

Glancing down at herself somehow her dress and bra were gone, and now she was naked, too, although she had no idea how it had happened. Smiling at the three of them, the doctor said, "Sorry to interrupt, but if you'll remember, I was hoping we could try out our new double penetrating swing."

Double penetrating? Was he fucking kidding? Two cocks the size of theirs at once could maim a girl for life. And there was a very good chance her pussy and ass might never forgive her.

Taking her silence as consent, he held out his hand. "Krystal, if you'll just come this way, I'll help you into position."

As he walked her over, she furiously whispering close to his ear, "But aren't they a little too big for me, especially two of them?"

Shaking his head, lowering his voice so only she could hear, he explained, "No. Smaller genitals would just slip right out. We need something more substantial in order for this to work."

Substantial -- that was another way of putting it, hung like freaking donkeys was another. But once she was in the chair, she sort of understood what he meant, a tiny cock would never work with her positioned like this. Then he had her strapped in with her legs spread, positioning her thighs until her pussy was gaping open and so were her ass cheeks. "Now, how's that?" he asked her. "Not too uncomfortable, I hope?"

Uncomfortable? She rolled her eyes. What a silly notion. Her pie and asshole hanging open just waiting to be filled by two naked horny studs with cocks the size of a baby's arm, who until tonight she'd never even set eyes on before. Heck, bring it on, doc. "No, it's fine," she finally muttered, realizing there really wasn't much she could say in a situation like this. Because crazy as it was, this was what she signed on for when she agreed to take this job.

Gently rubbing his hand on her shoulder he said, "You know, we really appreciate it when our testers are willing to try new things -- especially for the first time."

Yeah, getting double pounded would definitely be a first for her. She'd only had sex with two men before, and that had been pretty tame, especially compared to this shit. But she guessed this was something she could remember in her old age to tell all the girls in the nursing home. 'You know, I remember the time I got double stuffed on a swing. Now that was something, I tell you. Those young fuckers had cock's the size of horses, too.' At least providing it didn't kill her then she could tell them. But not knowing what else she could do, she just nodded her head.

The minute the doctor showed the men the lube and other sex aids on the tray by the swing, he gave them all a quick nod and left them to it.

Otis approached her shaking his head, kindly putting her at ease. "Now, don't you look sexy on that swing?" Cupping her face, he kissed her again, helping her to forget for a moment that this was just foreplay, and his big bad cock was still waiting to do its worst. Then she felt Rick cupping her breasts from behind her, tugging roughly on her nipples. And oh, god, it might be slutty, but fuck, it all felt so incredibly good, and so fucking crazy hot to have both big studs coming at her like this. 
