 This chapter will make a lot more sense if you have read Chapter 1 first since it is a continuation of the same party. 

*

"I'll say it one more time for those who weren't listening; I'm the only woman here who hasn't had a dick shoved in her!" Suzi crowed. Her auburn hair was slightly matted from her exertions with the females of the group, but her large breasts were heaving in frustration of not getting what she really wanted -- a hard cock.

Well, having just had my third orgasm in about two hours, she sure wasn't going to get one from me. I was pretty comfy lying on the floor with my wife Carrie on one side and sweet, young Lisa on the other. At some point, we shifted positions with me spooning Lisa and Carrie spooning me and all drifted off to sleep. My left hand was cradling Lisa's left breast and Carrie's left hand was comfortably gripping my now sleeping beast.

I'm not sure how long we slept, but I awoke with a tongue in my ear and someone was sliding my cock between some very slick pussy lips. It was much too pleasurable to have been a dream so I slowly opened my eyes, a sharp pain attacking me as my eyes tried to adjust to the lights (or maybe it was a hangover setting in, but it hurt). I turned my head slightly to see who was responsible for waking me up, only to find Suzi latching onto my lips and sliding her tongue slowly against mine.

Carrie was still spooning me from behind, placing soft kisses on my neck and upper back as she continued to slide my cock between Lisa's very slick groove. Despite the strong odor of sex in the room, I could still smell that delightful perfume that Lisa was wearing as my nose slid up her delicate neck and nestled in her short, soft blonde hair. Her left breast was a perfect handful for my left hand as I tweaked the elongated nipple.

I glanced around the room and saw Mary's mousey husband Jay sleeping quietly on top of the big soft body of Marissa; his head nestled neatly between her gigantic boobs. Suzi's hubby Kevin was flat on his back with his domineering sister-in-law Mary riding him hard.

"About time you three woke up," Suzi purred. "I was getting lonely."

She gave me a little wink, and got up and went over to the couch. I gave Lisa a little kiss on the back of the neck, then gently removed my cock from her pussy and turned to face Carrie. She had a very satisfied look on her beautiful face. 

Though it had been almost a year since her chemo treatments had ended, her hair had not fully come back in yet. It was shorter than mine and her normally blonde mane was splattered with some salt and pepper. She looked adorable.

I kissed her softly at first, then a little more deeply. "Have I told you lately how much I love you?" I asked.

"Every day," she replied and smiled. "Go keep Suzi company before she stirs things up again."

I extricated myself from the clump of bodies and sat on the couch next to Suzi. We both watched as Lisa rolled over, first staring at Carrie, then placing her right hand on Carrie's cheek as she pulled her closer for a kiss. 

"You are a very beautiful woman," Lisa stated. "But you're the only one with any clothes on. Time for that to change." 

Carrie looked mortified as Lisa began to lift her top up, exposing her one beautiful breast and her non-boob (as she liked to call it). The reconstruction could only do so much and while they filled the void created by her mastectomy, they couldn't place a nipple on it. They had done a little nip and tuck on her right breast to even up the shape and size, but it had never, ever mattered to me. She could have left it flat or had them both off and I wouldn't have loved her any less.

"Don't worry", Lisa whispered, "You are still extremely beautiful." She kissed her again and ran her hand up over the hillock, dragging her nails as she went. Suzi and I watched as Carrie relaxed, her eyes closing and her mouth enjoying the kiss. Their arms then wrapped around each other as the kiss became more passionate and they got lost in their lust.

While I was very happy that someone seemed to finally get through to Carrie, I was also extremely turned on watching my wife make out with this young beauty. My cock had come back to full staff and Suzi had not missed that. Her hand was gripping it and her motions were making sure he stayed nice and hard for her.

After a little while, Suzi turned to me, "They look lovely together, don't they. Bet we could look just as good together." She paused. "That's a hint."

Subtlety was not one of Suzi's virtues, but I wasn't ready to take my eyes off this wondrous sight just yet. "Why don't you just sit on my lap and we can both enjoy the show for awhile."

Suzi smiled, gave me a big kiss and made a loud smacking sound as she broke the kiss. It didn't distract our lovely performers as she quickly got up and then lowered herself onto my throbbing manhood, keeping her back to me so she could also watch the show. I always thought that when Suzi and I finally had sex, there would be so much pent up lust, that we wouldn't last for five minutes. But that wasn't going to be the case today. We both had multiple orgasms earlier, so we could really drag this one out and enjoy it.

Even Kevin and Mary had turned around were doing it doggy style so they could watch the new lovers go at it. And they kissed like lovers, passionate but under control, their hands now slowly exploring each other's body trying to learn the pleasure zones. Carrie had found a spot on Lisa's back about where a kidney would be, and her body was tensing as she moaned. For her part, Lisa had quickly discovered that spot in the middle of Carrie's lower back that always stoked her fire.

Suzi waited not so patiently with my dick inside her to the hilt, her pussy squeezing and releasing for several minutes, then took my hand and placed it on her clit letting me know that the visualization wasn't enough stimulation for her. I gripped the swollen nubbin between my thumb and index finger and began to gently massage it, not wanting her to cum too quickly and interrupt the show. Her breathing deepened as we watched Lisa move her hand down to part Carrie's lips and ever so slowly slide a finger inside her. Lisa's thumb then pressed down on Carrie's clit eliciting a loud moan of pleasure.

There was a second moan from another part of the room and Kevin said, "Holy shit!" as he started to slam even harder into Mary. A few more quick pumps and they were both climaxing together. Mary was trying to get her breath as she collapsed to the floor, bringing Kevin down on top of her. Still they both turned to watch the two gorgeous women in the center of the room. 

Lisa was now trailing kisses down Carrie's chest, over the smooth boob and then shifting position slightly to suck and nibble on her one nipple. Her fingers were still working their magic on Carrie's pussy, the groaning becoming louder. Carrie had stopped trying to do anything to Lisa now as she enjoyed what was being done to her. 

She lay back with her eyes closed, her breath coming in deep gasps, her fists clenched, as the orgasm built and finally overtook her. Her body tensed, her legs gripping the fingers, as her back rose off the floor and her last moan of pleasure escaped her lips. She gasped for air for over a minute. When Carrie's breathing returned to normal, Lisa removed her fingers and they were once again in a lover's embrace, with soft kisses and tongues lightly caressing the other's lips.

Suzi had started moving up and down on my fully awakened beast. It seemed like it had only been minutes, but with all their kissing and fondling, Carrie and Lisa had milked over half an hour off the clock. Suzi was feeling a little left out and frustrated at this point.

"Can you concentrate on me now, lover?" she gasped as she pushed back hard against my cock. I started pinching her clit as I rose up to meet her downward thrusts. Her short breaths started and within seconds she was cumming and her wet tunnel was even slicker. The extra lube was allowing me to last, reducing the friction between pussy and cock. As soon as her breathing started to calm down, I started thrusting again and pinching her clit, then rubbing her clit hard with my thumb. Another orgasm quickly built and she was clenching me tightly, holding my cock in place, as the warm sensations washed over her body.

"How the fuck did you do that," she gasped." I've never cum that quickly before without a vibrator."

"Magic fingers. I'll share my secrets with Kevin some other time. For now, why don't you turn around? I have this burning desire to kiss you again."

She slowly got up, turning around and smiling at me. "Sometimes you say the sweetest things. You remember our first kiss?"

Visions of that Christmas party returned and the excitement I had felt being teased by Tanya only to find out much later that she had been teasing Suzi too. If it hadn't been for our sexual frustration brought on by Tanya, neither of us would have made that first move. Our kissing and dry humping had been one of the hottest sexcapades I'd had in years.

That also made me think of Lisa and my reaction to her earlier in the day. Like Tanya, she knew just what buttons to push, just how to smile and where to touch, to get a rise out of me. She was every bit as beautiful and sexy as Tanya, yet there was something very different about her.

It wasn't just a flirtation with Lisa. She wasn't teasing or trying to get something she thought she couldn't have. There was a caring in her eyes. It was as though she could sense that something was broken and she wanted to fix it. My lust had blocked that out before, but it was as clear as day now. She knew exactly what she was doing from the moment she entered Suzi's house. 

She must have sensed something when she was at work with Carrie. Or Carrie said something to Lisa that she had been afraid to admit to me.

I was quickly brought back to reality as Suzi slid back down on my beast and sucked my lower lip into her mouth. I had to admit that she had very kissable lips and was an extremely good kisser. Her hands were holding my head as we kissed, her fingers running gently through my hair and tickling my scalp. I slipped my tongue into her mouth, briefly dueling with hers, as I increased the movement of my hips. I could feel the tingling start as she slammed down on me, rubbing her pussy against me as she did. I grabbed a hold of her hips almost lifting her off the couch as I rapidly machine gunned her slick groove. She was cumming again, crushing my head against her boobs as my lips latched onto a nipple and sucked hard. She held me in place and pushed me back against the couch, enjoying the rush of her third climax with me. We stayed like that for several minutes before she let me come out for air, her large bosom almost smothering me.

But this had stopped my impending orgasm dead in its tracks. The beast would have some energy left to try again. Suzi lifted a leg, then turned and fell off me onto her back on the couch totally exhausted. Her full-figured soft body glistened with sweat. The musky smell from her nether regions floated in the air, only slightly stronger than the mix of honey dew dripping on my tumescent cock. I forgot she had largely been standing up while my cock was in her and we watched Lisa and Carrie. And the three orgasms probably took a lot out of her as well.

The sour odor kept tempting me until I ran my hands up her wet thighs and then leaned down, craving the taste of that moist cunt that I had lusted after for the last five years. I ran my tongue the length of her slit, a veritable waterfall of cum. Suzi groaned and raised her legs, hooking her left on top of the sofa while her right came off the floor and dug into the cushions. She was getting ready to push back but she also brought her bunghole into view.

I started thinking about payback for earlier in the day and ran my index finger deep in her pussy while I sucked her clit between my lips and tongued it hard. Her groaning increased as she gripped my head and held it in place. A few more pushes with my finger and I felt I had enough lubrication for my goal. I nibbled gently on her clit, my tongue lapping the top of her sloppy opening, and then pressed my finger against her brown hole and easily slid inside. 

"Fuck, unh, unh, unh," she moaned as another orgasm racked her body. Her butt was pushing back, trying to get my finger deeper in her asshole as she quivered from the intense sensation. I acknowledged her movements and sank my finger all the way in, then curved it gently upward as I started an in and out movement timed to her moans.

I pulled my finger out slowly as she tried to push my head away. But I needed that one last lick to get the fresh juice she had just spilled and dipped my tongue deep inside her pussy, the pungent taste making my dick swell even more. As I pulled my tongue out, I let it slip down to her greased fudge pot and she jumped in surprise at the sudden intense feeling.

At that point, Kevin came over. "I think she needs rescuing. You mind if I make love to my wife now?" 

I nodded and rose of the couch, my knees weak as I looked around the room. Mary was now making out with Marissa while Jay was sliding his cock between those mountains of flesh again. Man did he love her tits. Her youthful exuberance probably helped as well. I doubt he got much of that from bitchy Mary.

I went back to watching Lisa and Carrie, my beast leading me like a divining rod. Lisa was on her back, her knees up and legs spread wide as Carrie had her tongue buried in her. I watched in awe as her tongue moved effortlessly from stabbing inside her to lapping her clit. Lisa was holding Carrie's head softly, her hips moving up to meet Carrie's talented tongue. Carrie's cute little butt was up in the air again and I was tempted to slide in behind her as I had before. But this was their moment and I decided to let them enjoy it, moving to an empty chair to watch.

Carrie was using her fingers and long nails, running one hand over Lisa's soft, flat belly while the other trailed tingling caresses down her inner thigh. Still Carrie's tongue never lost contact with Lisa's dripping pussy. The soft, hairless mound was glistening with her cum droplets as well as Carrie's saliva. It took about ten minutes for that first overpowering sensation to explode inside Lisa. But Carrie's tongue never seemed to tire as Lisa churned out multiple orgasms over the next several minutes until Lisa finally put her hand down to block her from anymore stimulation.

Lisa's chest was heaving and her cheeks were a bright rosy red. She tried to smile but couldn't get air back into her lungs fast enough to keep that grin of satisfaction on her face. Carrie moved over Lisa and then leaned down to softly kiss her, allowing her to catch her breath. When Lisa had recovered enough, she pulled Carrie down for a much more meaningful kiss.

Though we had never talked about it in our twenty five years of marriage, I knew Carrie had a thing going with her best friend before we had gotten together. They tried very hard to make it look like they were just roommates, but I had been to Carrie's house and there was only one bed. The day that Carrie told her she was moving in with me, they had hugged like they would never see each other again. And they didn't. Best friends don't do that when they are still within driving distance. A girl doesn't just end a friendship because she moves in with a guy, unless something more was going on. Carrie had lost a friend and a lover that day.

With Carrie's strict religious upbringing and her two sisters living nearby, she wasn't about to admit to anyone that she had a lesbian lover. People didn't come out of the closet back then. I was actually glad at this point that she had been able to stop this charade today and let her real feelings out. Even if she needed a little help from the funny cookies to get started. Those doubts started creeping back in though as I wondered how all this would play out between me, Carrie, and Lisa. Carrie's next move did nothing to erase my doubts.

"Hey Sweet Cheeks! Why don't you rub that beast of yours between Lisa's legs and see if you can start a fire." That had been Carrie's nickname for me when we first started dating and it had stayed with me all these years. Carrie got up and strolled over to me and I rose to meet her.

"It's OK darlin'. You deserve her for all your patience with me this last year. And frankly I don't think I could take it right now." She chuckled and kissed me softly, then plopped into the chair. "She's waiting for you." Her eyes closed quickly as she nestled in the chair and she was off to dream world. 

I looked over to see Lisa propped up on one elbow, naked and smiling as she waited patiently for me to decide what I was going to do. It didn't take long for me to make up my mind. With all she had been through in the last few hours, she still looked just as beautiful and sexy as she had when she walked in the door. How this young beautiful blonde nymph found me so attractive, I will never understand, but now was not the time to try to figure things out. This was a time of action. 

"You're dripping all over the floor," she admonished. She then proceeded to lick the droplets from prick and slide half of it into her mouth, her tongue swirling around the head to lap my juices. "Well, that's got some different flavors on it."

I smiled down at her, "Well maybe you would like to join me in the shower." I helped her up and we headed to the upstairs bathroom. With Carrie sleeping, no one was going to miss us.

I searched for towels while Lisa sat on the toilet, drops of cum falling into the bowl before that familiar sound of tinkling began. She wiped and then started the water for our shower while my now calm beast decided he could use a little relief as well and I took my turn at the toilet. Fully refreshed, I joined Lisa in the warm inviting shower. 

There were goose bumps on her skin again as the hot spray washed away the odors of the day and her eyes closed as she used her hands to softly spread the water over her delicate pink skin. She looked beautiful with that red glow returning to her cheeks. Her perfect breasts stood proud and her nipples fully erect from the hot water dropping down on them. I stepped closer to her and wrapped my arms around her waist pulling her body close to mine. We hugged each other as friends would, our lust temporarily taking a back seat to our feelings.

I looked her directly in the eyes then, "I want to thank you for everything you've done today." I caressed her cheek, "This was so much more than just sex. Carrie has been fixated on her mortality since she first found out about the cancer, and you made her realize how much life was still inside her."

She moved her arms up and down my back, her nails softly raking my skin. "Everybody at work told me how much you two were in love, yet every time I spoke with Carrie, there seemed to be a sadness in her voice. I think you are right. I think she felt she was going to die, even though she has beaten the cancer, and she had let you down somehow." 

"Well, I think you re-energized us both today. You have certainly made me feel young again and the way you and Carrie looked making love, it was like watching two angels creating a new form of love."

"I have to tell you," Lisa whispered, the noise from the shower almost drowning her out. "I have been with a few men, but mostly women. I've never felt that spiritual connection with a man before today. Carrie is right. You are different from most men. I could feel it in our first kiss." 

I leaned down and kissed her deeply, my arms wrapping around her body and pulling her close. Her nails dug into my back as she kissed me back, passion once again flowing between us. We continued to kiss as our arms started moving again, sliding along slick skin, erotic sensations enhanced by the hot spray of the shower. The beast was once again awakened from his slumber and was fully erect, lovingly crushed between our flat stomachs. I gripped her buttocks and lifted her slightly, creating a fucking like feeling as my throbbing cock slid across her soft firm belly.
