 Tall, pretty Krystal walked into the reception area, took a deep breath, straightened her spine and strode straight up to the woman handing out the job applications.

She could do this. She could land this job.

At least she sure as hell hoped she could.

Thing was, she didn't just want this job, she needed it - desperately. She'd graduated with her degree in May, and here it was October, and she still hadn't managed to find a decent paying job to handle all her bills. She actually groaned thinking about how deeply in debt she was in with her student loans, alone. Never mind the fact that her half of the rent, she could barely afford, was about to come due again. And of course there were all those trivial little things she'd been putting off buying - like food.

But for some reason, she couldn't explain, she had a good feeling about this place.

The very professional, dark haired receptionist seemed to be sizing her up as she stood before her, waiting anxiously for an application. Finally she asked Krystal, "Are you here for a position in our test area?"

Krystal quickly nodded her head. "Yes, I am." Clutching the handle of the briefcase that held her resume, she asked nervously, "And is that position still available?"

The other woman gave her a reassuring smile. "Yes it is. And I believe they're actually looking for a few new candidates to fill that position, so you might be in luck."

Oh, lordy, she sure hoped so.

Once she'd accepted the application form and followed a few of the others into a room scattered with desk and chairs, she blew out a breath. At least it sounded like she still had a chance. Finding an open desk near the back wall, she set down her purse and briefcase and began to go through the paperwork. Most of it was pretty standard. So she quickly filled in her personal information, like her name, address and social security number, but then she stopped. Scrunching up her forehead when she noticed the rest of the form was a little confusing, not to mention down right strange.

It appeared they also wanted to know her clothing size, weight... type of birth control method she was using... and even more bizarrely, if she'd ever had a sexually transmitted disease. 

But since she understood that O Industries was the biggest and most trusted manufacturer of personal products in the entire world, she decided she might be wise to put aside any misgivings and just answer every question.

Once she completed that part though, she was even more bewildered when she realized how personal the questions were getting. - Like really personal. 

Asking things like: Would you say that you have a problem with nudity? And if not, would you be willing to participate in testing that might involve full or partial nudity? Have you ever had sex before? And if so, would you say that you enjoy sex? Do you have any problem with being touched or handled? Do you consider yourself to be sexually adventurous? Have you ever had multiple partners at the same time during a sexual encounter? And if so, would you say you enjoyed that experience? Have you ever experimented with rough sex or dabbled in BDSM, or any other sexual acts that might be considered unorthodox? Would you say you have any hard limits where sex is concerned? And if so, what would those entail? Have you ever experienced an orgasm? And if so, would you say that you are capable of climaxing fairly easily with little stimulation?

And lastly, they wanted to know if she'd be willing to personally test a variety of the company's personal products.

Frowning, she hesitated to answer the more personal question for a moment, until she glanced around the room and noticed the other applicants didn't seem to be having the same qualms, since they were finishing up, and preparing to hand in their applications. 

Then she knew, if she didn't hurry and finish, she wouldn't be getting the job. 

As she quickly ticked off every box, she took comfort in the fact that a company with a reputation to uphold like O Industries would never subject any of its employees to anything that was illegal, uncomfortable or God forbid, degrading. After she'd basically agreed to pretty much anything she thought they might want from her, she quickly signed and dated the form, then raced out and handed it back at the front desk.

Wondering what she should do next, she waited anxiously in front of the reception desk, noticing that the woman who had first greeted her was actually giving each application a cursory once over, and sorting them into two piles. Probably ones that were being rejected, and others that would be considered, she realized, still feeling hopeful.

Finally, the woman looked up at her once she'd scanned hers, and with a positive nod of her head, she handed her back her application, pointed her toward a door, and said, "Now you can go right through there, Krystal, where you'll be interviewed."

"Yes!" she whispered to herself, wanting to pump her fist in the air as she made her way over to the big stainless steel door. Maybe this was her lucky day after all.

But once she got inside, she was a little surprised to see everyone sitting in little cubby holes, where people in lab coats were now talking in hushed tones to the other applicants. It looked pretty official, never mind intense. They probably had technical questions they wanted answered. But since she'd graduated top of her class, she felt pretty confident she could breeze through this part, too.

Then she was shown to one of the little cubby holes, where a bearded middle aged man was busy pouring over notes. And when she walked up to join him, he glanced up at her, smiled and said, "Please have a seat," gesturing to the other chair. Once she was seated, she heaved a relieved sigh. So far so good.

Suddenly noticing his hand was extended, she realized what he wanted and handed him her application. Then she waited, carefully watching his face as he reviewed her answers. And once he'd read it over, seeing his eyebrows shoot up nearly to his hairline, she couldn't decide if that was a good sign or not.

Finally, he looked at her again, and his smile seemed a lot bigger. "Well, you seem to be the perfect candidate, Krystal. We don't often get applicants who meet our requirements as perfectly as you appear to." Then he tapped his pen on the paperwork, eyeing her for a moment, before he asked, "Just to be sure, you have indicated that you have no hard limits where sex is concerned, is that correct?"

Swallowing hard, Krystal didn't even remember ticking that off. But if it was going to be a deal breaker, no way was she about to ruin her chance at landing this job by changing her answer now. "Yes, that's right," she said, trying to sound convincing even as her knees began to shake. Although she couldn't even imagine why they'd even ask her something like that. But if she got this job, and could pay her rent and finally afford some decent groceries, and get the student loan people off her back, then she'd pretty much be game for anything.

Well, almost anything.

Hearing that, he started to smile. "Excellent." Then he tipped his head and asked, "Would you be willing to try an orientation session today, just to see if this position would be suited to you?"

Without even having to think, Krystal began to enthusiastically nod as she said, "Yes, yes of course ."

And once she said that, he reached out and shook her hand, and said, "Congratulations. You seem to be just the type of tester were looking for." Getting to his feet, he told her, "Now, if you'll just follow me, then we can get started. As they walked through a long corridor lined on either side with closed numbered doors, he began to explain a little more. "I'm sure you're aware that O Industries is the largest manufacturer of sex aids in the world. Once she nodded, even though it was the first she'd heard of it, he continued, "So naturally our company's goal is to enhance the sexual experience in any way we can. So, of course we produce almost anything you can imagine that might benefit an individual's sexual needs."

Krystal kept right on nodding, even as she began to wonder exactly what they'd be expecting her to test, and what in hell she'd signed up for. "Sounds interesting..." was all she could think of to say.

Next, she was shown to a change area, where the man turned and said, to her, "Now, if you'll just go into any of these change rooms and remove all of your clothing, including your shoes, inside you'll find some paper slippers, and a paper robe that you can put on. And you can place your personal belongings in a locker, where they'll be safe until you're done."

Krystal stared wide-eyed down the row of change rooms, feeling a little better when she noticed other women and men walking out clad in the paper robe and slippers he mentioned. Resigned to going through with it, she followed suit, stripped out of her clothes and donned the paper robe. But still wondered what exactly was going on, and what they'd expect of her. 

Another woman with a clip board was waiting for her when she came out of the stall. "Krystal?" she asked. When she nodded, the woman smiled and said, "If you'll just follow me, we can get started."

Her heart already pounding, Krystal could feel her palms getting damp. But again she reminded herself it all had to be above board, or it would never be allowed.

The tall thin woman finally pushed open one of the numbered doors and said, "If you'll just wait in this room, someone will be with you shortly."

Before she'd even stepped inside, Krystal's eyes went big and round when she noticed that smack dab in the middle of the room was a large bed, protected with a fitted white plastic sheet. Then glancing around, she noticed all the gadgets on the tables on either side, and her heart really began to beat out of control. Especially when she realized there were dildos and butt plugs and nipple clamps and - holy shit - even whips and floggers and so many other things she didn't even recognize. And there were just so many bottles and tubes and all kinds of other mysterious scary looking things, too. Enough to make her skin crawl. Suddenly she felt the dread of a trip to the dentist, along with a pap-smear all rolled into one panic inducing experience. In hindsight, she began to wonder if she should have just gone ahead and blindly agreed to everything on that form. Her anxious butt hole, silently clinching in agreement.

A moment later another younger, surprisingly handsome, dark haired man walked in also clad in a white lab coat with yet another clip board, quickly closing the door tight behind him. But somehow, the warm, friendly smile he flashed instantly put her at ease. At least he had kind eyes, so she imagined she'd be safe in his hands.

With a quick glance down at his notes, he looked up and asked, "Krystal?"

When she nodded and said, "Yes," he extended his hand, taking hers in a firm handshake.

"And I'm Dr. Anderson. It's a pleasure to meet you. Now, if you wouldn't mind removing the robe and getting on the bed, I'll just need give you a quick examination, and then we can get started."

Holy smokes. Just the idea of being naked in front of this stranger, gave her a moment of sheer panic, leaving her feet rooted to the spot. But as she looked down at the big wide bed, and then back at the expectant look he was wearing, she knew she had little choice but to comply. So, turning her back to him, she shrugged off the thin paper covering, doing her best to hide her bits and pieces with her long dark hair and hands as she carefully lowered her bottom onto the edge of the bed. "Like this?" she asked, looking up at him nervously.

Flipping open her application, he checked it over and frowned. "I thought you said you had no problem with nudity?'

Oh, shit. She had said that, hadn't she? So, drawing in a deep breath, she let her arms fall to her sides, baring herself, and looked up at him again. "Sorry, just a little nervous. But I'm okay, now."

He nodded, smiled and said, "Good."

Then he set down the clip board on one of the tables and took a seat beside her on the bed. "May I start with examining your breasts?"

"Sure. Of course," she said, although she couldn't really believe that she was sitting naked with this strange man, and that he was about to feel her up as part of a job interview.

After he blew into his hands to warm them, he reached out and cupped them both in his hands, his expression intense as he carefully ran his fingers over each of her full round breasts, gently massaging them with his fingers and palms. "I am assuming from the look and feel of these that they're natural, and haven't been enhanced?"

Momentarily taken off-guard by his question, she forgot the fact that he was actually handling her boobs. Proudly lifting her chin, she said, "Yes, they're all mine."

He nodded as he began to massage them more firmly. Then he surprised her when he took her rapidly swelling nipples between his fingers and began to gently twist and tug at them, instantly making them peak. Watching her face begin to color, he asked, "Would you say your breasts are sensitive?"

"Uh, huh," she said, realizing it was probably a good idea now that they'd put plastic on the bed, because if he kept playing with her girls like that, it wouldn't be long before she was drenched.

"And would you say what I'm doing is arousing you?"

"Um, yes," she answered honestly, since her pussy was beginning to tingle pretty damn hard.

"And what about if I were to put my mouth on your breasts and suck them into my mouth, do you think that would also arouse you?"

Well, duh! He was a good looking guy and if started sucking on her tits she might even come. "I would say that would be a yes, too." she managed, trying her best to hide the fact that even him talking about taking them into the heat of his mouth was really turning her on.

"Well, let's give it a try then, shall we?" Then he lowered his head and took one of her tingling nipples into his mouth and really began to suck, even rolling it with his tongue. She closed her eyes, trying to ignore how hard she was fighting to breathe, and how her pussy was beginning to clench , but fuck, it felt good. So what if this was the weirdest job interview on record, if he wanted to suck her tits till she came, who the hell was she to put up a fuss?

After gently nipping at one taut little nipple, making her pussy clench even harder, he lavished the other with the same attention. Then suddenly he pulled away and asked, clinically, "Now, I need you tell me if you were more stimulated by the physical manipulation of your breasts or by the oral."

After that titillating episode, her mind was so foggy and her pussy so damn wet and tingly, she wasn't even sure what he'd just asked her. So she went with lamely mumbling, "B?"

After reaching for his clip board, and jotting down her response, he said, "Now, if you would please lie on your back and spread your legs, I would like to examine your vagina."

Krystal blinked and blinked again. Did he just say he wanted a look at my pussy? Un-fucking-real. But, since she had agreed to all this, and was already in his far, what choice did she really have? And the guy did say he was a doctor.

So, once she shifted back on the bed, she opened her legs wide and turned her gaze on the white ceiling. Since she'd never dared look her ob-gyn in the eye when he was checking out her lady parts, she sure as hell wasn't about to eyeball this guy when he was down there, either.

She wondered for a moment if he might put on gloves, but when she he began to spread her pussy lips bare-handed, she had her answer. She bit down on her lips, when she felt his warm fingers tracing all around her opening, making everything down there, really begin to tingle, like it was electrified. 

Glancing up at her face, he asked, "Have you had many sexual partners, Krystal?"

Shaking her head, she said, "No, just two."

"Good, then you'll probably be fairly tight, and quite sensitive. Now, I'm going to insert a finger into you, and if it becomes too uncomfortable, I'd like you to tell me."

Was this guy serious? He was holding her flaps open and wanted to start fingering her hole, and was interested in knowing if any of it made her uncomfortable. Un-freaking-believable. But amazingly, she still kept her wits about her and just said, "Sure. Okay."

And when he began to slowly push a finger deep inside her damp, tight little channel, she had to bite down hard on her cheek to keep from moaning. "You're surprisingly wet, Krystal. Do you think it's from the initial stimulation I gave your breasts?"

"Yeah, I'd say so," she said, trying hard not to pant. And this guy went to medical school? Any idiot knows you suck on a girl's titties and she's going to get wet. And now she was about to flood, if he didn't stop fingering her damn pussy like that.

"Do you find this pleasurable, as well?" he asked as he kept sliding his finger in and out of her basically finger fucking her snatch.

Well, duuuh!! "Uh, that would also be a yes," she answered, trying her damnedest to hold it together, even while her pussy began to quiver harder and harder with the need to come as his finger kept sliding in and out and in and out, really getting her wet, and so fucking aroused.

He pushed in a second finger and asked, "And what about now?"

"Um, yeah, that's uh, good, too." She closed her eyes. Jesus, so fucking good...

"Now, I'm going to try and locate what is commonly referred to as your G-spot. Have you ever been able to achieve orgasm before by having your G-spot stimulated, Krystal?"

"Oooh, yes," she replied, really starting to pant now. Fuck, but the good doctor knows just where to find it. Turning his wrist, he worked her harder, pressing his fingers right where she needed him most, stroking that perfect spot inside her until she began to brokenly chant, "Yes, yes, fuck, yes," digging her fingernails into the plastic bed cover.

Smiling down at her reaction, he pulled out his fingers, reached for some wet-wipes, cleaned up her slick juices from his hand, and made more notes. "I've made note of the fact that you don't appear to have any difficulty achieving orgasm. Would you agree with that, Krystal?"

Finally opening her eyes, her breasts heaving hard, panting like a long-haired dog in July, she leveled a look at him like he was the stupidest man she'd ever encountered. "Uh, yes. I'd say that's correct."

Then just as her breathing was beginning to settle, she watched as he reached for a bottle of lube and began to lube up one big thick, black, scary looking fucking vibrator. Holy shit! Was he serious with that thing? 

"Now, I'd like to try to achieve the same reaction with this vibrator, which is our latest model. That we've named - The Monster. Have you ever used a vibrator to achieve orgasm before?"

She shook her head, anxiously eyeing the awe-inspiring, and aptly named device. "No. No, I haven't."

He nodded. "Well, then we'll see if this works for you, too."

Then before she could even think, he was spreading her open wide, with the thing already vibrating in his hand as he began to push it deep inside her quivering pussy. "Now, how does that feel? Do you find it pleasurable?"

"Oh, yes..." she breathed, surprised that her pussy was already preparing for launch sequence again, quivering and tightening harder than a horny bitch in heat. She slammed her eyes shut as pure, unadulterated sexual sensation overcame her, making her pussy quake and pulse hard around the fat hard tingling invader as he fucked her slowly and firmly with it. And fuck, damn, fuck, shit, hell, it felt good! So freaking good.

"Now, I'm going to try and stimulate your clitoris, and I'd like you to tell me if you enjoy the sensation more or less when I do this."
