 (The following are true accounts of some of my more memorable sexual liaisons. All of them were to a certain extent unexpected, and all remain as vivid in my memory as if they happened yesterday.)

* * * * * 

Chrissy was a friend of ours who had been staying with my girlfriend and me for some months, having come from London, where she was living. Chrissy, a cute girl with pale skin and brown hair which she dyed blonde, had gone to the same boarding school as my girlfriend (who had confided to me that one night they had slept together). I had known her for some years and knew that she had always fancied me. But, while I had always liked her very much, nothing had ever happened between us. 

The three of us had been out to see a band one night and, back home, were drinking and playing records in the lounge room. After my girlfriend went to bed, Chrissy and I were lying on the floor and started to kiss. "Do you like me?" I asked her. 

"I adore you," she said, which I thought was fantastically sweet. 

She was wearing an emerald blue, sleeveless dress and, as she knelt on the floor, I unzipped it at the back, freeing her breasts - she wasn't wearing a bra. "It's great having sex with Chrissy," my girlfriend had once said to me, "because she's got such big tits." I fondled her Chrissy's breasts, which were indeed magnificent, pale-nippled with visible blue veins, like my first girlfriend, Louise's.

"I'd really like to fuck you," I said. "Can you take tomorrow off work?" She said she couldn't. She was returning to London in a few days and had a lot to organise, so there wasn't much time. I think it was she who suggested we fuck there and then. She went into the spare room where she had been sleeping. When I followed her in she had removed her dress and wrapped a towel around herself. I pulled it away and we stood kissing for a moment in the doorway. Then I went into my bedroom, where my girlfriend lay sleeping, and found a condom in the drawer of my bedside table. 

I went back into the spare room, undressed, and lay next to Chrissy on the bed. I kissed her, slid her panties down and felt her cunt. I kissed my way down her body - she had perfect, velvet-soft, honey-coloured skin - and buried my face in her pussy, which tasted sweet, despite the fact that I had overheard her earlier mention that she had not showered that day. When I lay back again she moved on top of me and sucked my cock. I was, despite being quite drunk, very hard - thank God. I put the condom on, got on top of her and slid my cock in. Realising that this was one of the best fucks I had ever had and knowing I was not going to be able to repeat the experience any time soon, I said, "Do you mind if I put on the light?" 

She said she didn't and I reached behind me and switched it on. I looked down, taking in the sight, burning it into my brain - Chrissy's face with an indefinable expression, her big blue-veined tits, which felt huge in my hands - the biggest I had ever felt - my cock imbedded in her brown-haired cunt. I came, she didn't. "I owe you one," I said (I still do). Afterwards I lay on the bed next to her, where she had been sleeping for months, so close to me, and wondered why we had not done this before.

Later, on the night before she was to fly back to London, Chrissy went to bed early, leaving the door open. When I walked past her room a little later, I saw her lying on her back, asleep. The sheet had become pulled down and her breasts were bare. I stood in the doorway for a long time, just looking at her. When she flew off the next day both my girlfriend and I were quite devastated. Over the next few years, I saw Chrissy occasionally, but rarely got a chance to be alone with her. We did end up together, lying on the floor under a sheet one night at the end of a party in London, and on another occasion I was able to lift up her T-shirt and kiss her breasts, but I never got the chance to fuck her again. But I'll always have that mental snapshot I took.

* * * * *

One day my girlfriend announced that she knew a girl named Cheryl who had expressed an interest in sleeping with the two of us. I had met Cheryl, a slightly built, red-haired girl with a pretty, freckled face, a few times. I said that was a wonderful idea. My girlfriend and had had threesomes with her previous boyfriend, but this would be a first for us.

Not long after this we were at a drunken wedding reception at a club when Cheryl and a few of her friends arrived unexpectedly. We ended up taking her home with us. As the sun rose, the three of us could be found sitting around our dining room table, chatting about anything but what was about to happen, with my girlfriend and I looking at each other with expressions which said "Are we really going to do this?", and looking at Cheryl, who was rather drunker than we were and seemed incredibly trusting. 

Eventually we led Cheryl into our bedrrom. She slipped into our double bed and, with a hint of modesty, proceeded to undress under the sheet. My girlfiend and I took our own clothes off and got into bed with her, she on Cheryl's left side and me on her right. There was a moment of silence. My girlfriend and I looked at each other again, then, acting in unison, slowly pulled the sheet down, uncovering Cheryl's pretty, pink-nippled breasts and red-haired pussy. It was a moment of pure pornography. Cheryl was like some incredible toy that God had given us to play with.

As my girlfriend kissed Cheryl on the mouth, a sight which excited me no end, I licked her lovely little breasts, then moved down to her cunt. Her pubic hair was short and wiry, as if she had trimmed or shaved it recently, and her pussy was one of the sweetest I had ever tasted. Although I had been drinking quite a bit, my cock was hard, and I parted Cheryl's legs and pushed it into her pussy, wondering what I had done to deserve this. I kept thinking, "I'm fucking a girl and there's someone else watching - my girlfriend is watching my cock go into another girl's cunt." 

As my girlfriend continued to tongue-kiss the red-haired girl, I shot my sperm into her. "Have you come yet?" My girlfriend asked her. She said no, and I watched as they rubbed each other's pussies until they both did.

It was a lovely thing to wake up the next day with this other girl in bed with us. I lay watching as Cheryl stood up and slowly pulled her panties on, the three of us talking as if nothing unusual had happened.

A few week's later, at a dinner party, Cheryl told me how much she loved threesomes, and actually apologised for not being very responsive as she had been too drunk. I told her not to be silly, it was wonderfuI. I always hoped we would take her to bed with us again, but we never did.

* * * * *

It wasn't long after this that we took another girl to bed with us - another freckled redhead as it happened, but this time a woman a little older than us. Lisa was in fact my girlfriend's boss, a blowsy, big-breasted, talkative, sexy woman who liked a drink or two. 

One night, she came to our house for a dinner party. After everyone else had left, the three of us were sitting on the lounge room floor talking, with Lisa kneeling and my girlfriend and I on either side of her. I'm not sure how it started, but suddenly we found ourselves kissing the older woman and undoing her dress at the front. Prior to this my girlfriend and I had discussed how nice her boss's tits must be, and now, as we pulled her bra down and they popped out, plump and brown-nippled, we weren't disappointed. We attacked those big teats greedily, taking one each and sucking them like a pair of ravenous twins while Lisa moaned with pleasure.

We didn't fuck Lisa that night - I'm not sure why. That came a few weeks later at another party at our house. My girlfriend and Lisa arrived at it drunk and crashed out in the bedroom. Later, after the last guest had left, I went in there and turned on the light. The two of them were asleep, lying on their backs and still fully clothed. I took my own clothes off got onto the bed. Throwing Lisa's skirt back and pulling her panties down her study legs I got on top of her, which woke her up, but she made no resistance. I spread her legs and pushed my cock against her brown-haired pussy. In no time I was inside her and fucking her. My girlfriend woke up and watched. It was one of the easiest, most no-nonsense fucks I have ever had.

When I woke up the next morning, Lisa was lying between us. My girlfriend got up to make a cup of tea or something and Lisa and I began to kiss. Then my girlfriend came back and sat on the bed. Lisa and I lay on our right sides, her back to me and her round bum rubbing up against my cock and balls. As the three of us talked I fondled Lisa's big breasts beneath the sheets, and kissed her moist, shaved armpit. I ran my hand over her rounded belly down to her cunt, and positioned it so my middle finger covered the length of her slit, which was sticky. I tapped against it gently, enjoying the sticky feeling which made her vulva adhere ever so slightly to my finger.

* * * * *

One of my best fucks was not really a fuck at all. It involved a young girl, Sarah. She was actually the younger sister of a girl I had fucked a year or so earlier. Like her sister Sarah was a redhead with an angelically beautiful face. I found myself kissing her at a party - she enjoyed kissing enormously, probing my mouth with her tongue - and she later ended up in my flat. 

After we sat on the lounge room floor kissing for a while I coaxed her into my bed and got her to take off her dress and bra. I found it fascinating comparing her body to her sister's. She was slimmer and her breasts were smaller, but she had the same white skin and very pale pink, indistinct nipples. I'm sure she had her sister's bright orange pubes as well. I couldn't get her to take her panties off, however, because she was having her period - I could see the outline of the pad in her red lace panties when she mentioned this. I said I didn't mind but she said she did. I believed she was quite possibly a virgin and I didn't press her. 

So we lay there tongue-kissing and touching each other for several hours. I licked Sarah's lovely little breasts and, at one point, eased her hand into my underpants - which I had left on - and she took hold of my stiff cock and held onto it for a long time.

So I never actually fucked Sarah, but I have often wanked with her beautiful image in my mind. My more memorable fucks remain a constant, vital source of masturbatory revery. 

* * * * *

Heidi was a very pretty girl with blonde hair, creamy skin and a dreamy, somewhat eccentric personality. She was another school friend of my girlfriend (and like Chissy, they had once spent the night together). One night she was over at our place. We were drinking and my girlfriend went to sleep on the lounge room floor. 

At about 1am Heidi went to leave but I stopped her in the hallway and we started kissing. I led her to bed. It was winter and she was wearing many layers of clothing - jumpers and cardigans which I slowly peeled off until she was naked. I remember licking her pussy out for what seemed like an hour.

She left as the sun was coming up. My girlfriend woke up and got into bed, and could smell her in there.

A little while after this I ran into Heidi at a party and asked her to come home with me. She said no. For the next hour or so I proceeded to mount every argument I could think of, as rationally and logically as possible, for her coming home with me. At the end, to my amazement, she agreed.

Once there, I sat next to her on the couch in the lounge room. I remember how removed she seemed from the scene, as if she wasn't really there. She was wearing an emerald green, silk top, without a bra. I unbuttoned it and kissed her breasts - medium size and round with pink nipples. She was like having a doll to play with.

My clearest memory of this encounter is from the following morning. Heidi was in an extremely good mood and was chatting away about this and that. She was sitting cross-legged on the bed in front of me and when I looked down, I saw that her cunt was wide open, her pink lips fully exposed to my gaze. She was completely unselfconscious about it. Another moment of pure pornography.

It was at about the same time that I went to an exhibition of the work of a photographer I knew who had taken photos of several of my friends naked. One of the photos in the exhibition was a large close-up of an open vagina with a flower superimposed over it. I was pleased when I found out that Heidi had posed for this. (I have another photo of her, also taken by this photographer, in which her tits are bare.)

* * * * *

Another memorable non-fuck was with a slightly-built girl with a cute, elfin face, short, reddish brown hair and freckles whom I got together with at a party. She was wearing a blouse of flimsy, light green material which barely extended beneath the base of her breasts, and a pair of dark, pleated men's trousers. She wasn't wearing a bra and, when I put my arm around her, I could reach under the blouse and cup her breast in my hand, which she didn't mind. 

I took her back to my place and she fell asleep on the couch. For a while I just knelt on the floor in front of the couch, gazing at her. I could do anything with this girl that I liked! I lifted back her blouse, exposing her pert little breasts, then undid her belt buckle and unzipped her trousers. She was wearing a pair of purple lace knickers, and I could have easily slid them off, but some vestige of decency stopped me. Instead I woke her up and led her to bed. We undressed and I spent hours kissing her compact little body - I remember the freckles on her shoulders and between her tits, the short hairs on the back of her neck, kissing her round little bum and licking her at her sweet arsehole - but I didn't have a condom and she didn't want to fuck without one. No matter, I enjoyed myself.

I woke up next to her and realised I had a problem - I couldn't remember her name, and my sister was going to visit me that morning. What if she arrived while the girl was still there, and I had to introduce her? I got out of bed and found the girl's handbag. In her purse was an ID card which told me her name was Nicole and the fact that she was a nurse.

A few months later, my girlfiend and I were at a party and Nicole was there too. She was wearing a black lace dress and looking very cute, and when I asked my girlfriend if she would like to take her home with us, she said yes. I spent the rest of the night trying to engineer this but failed. Soon after this, however, we ran into her at a pub one night, and before I knew what was happening we were walking back to our house with Nicole between us, our arms around her. 

At home, my girlfriend crashed, so Nicole was left for me. I pulled her dress down and kissed her tits, then got her on all fours and fucked her from behind on our lounge room floor.

Afterwards, I said she should sleep in our bed. She was reluctant at first, but I assured her my girlfriend wouldn't mind. We got into bed, with me lying on my back between them, and I went to sleep with one hand on my girlfriend's cunt and the other on Nicole's. I can assure you, there is no better way to go to sleep than with a cunt in each hand.

* * * * *

Perhaps my most unexpected sexual encounter, and the most recent of the stories told here, came with a girl called Caroline. 

I was at a function connected to my work, when I was approached by a Caroline, whom I had worked with about seven or eight years previously. She happened to be deaf, but was an excellent lip reader so it had been possible to communicate with her fairly easily. She had thick, jet black hair, brown eyes, a very pretty face and a great looking body. I had quite fancied her but, apart from putting my arm her around once during a Christmas party, nothing had happened between us. Nor do I remember her appearing to be interested in me, but when she came up to me this night she treated me like a long lost friend. 

We started talking to each other and before I knew what was happening I had my arms around her and was kissing her surreptitiously. After a while we got separated and I thought sadly that she had gone home. The function began to break up. I went with a group of my friends to get a taxi but just as I was about to get into one I changed my mind. I went back to the function and saw that Caroline was still there. When she saw me she walked straight over and grabbed hold of my arm and proceeded to march me out of the hall. I asked where she wanted to go and she suggested a pub quite near to my house. We caught a taxi, the both of us laughing during the journey at our having come together like this.

At the pub I ordered us drinks. Caroline told me she had always fancied me, but she had never thought she could approach me. I was amazed at this and told her she should have. I wanted to talk to her more but the bartender said the pub was closing (it was about 2am). 

We stepped outside and began to kiss in earnest. She was an incredibly passionate kisser - she opened her mouth wide and thrust her tongue into my mouth and bit my lips. She said she wanted me to fuck her. I said I couldn't fuck her on the street (we were still standing on the corner outside the pub) but she seemed quite willing to do it there. I led her around the corner and down the side street, where we found a recess in the wall at the side of the pub. "This is our bedroom" she said in her clipped, deaf voice, which I found very endearing, and she dropped her bag into it. 

I sat on a step inside the recess and she knelt in front of me, kissing me and saying "Fuck me, fuck me," over and over again. I don't think I've ever been with a girl who was so randy. She pulled the top of her dress down, exposing her lovely big breasts, which I kissed. She kept trying to cover them with her hands though and then I realised why - from her nipples sprouted a number of thick black hairs. As I have something of a hair fetish I found this extremely sexy and, pulling her hands away from them, kissed her hairy nipples. "They're beautiful," I told her. "Sometimes I wax," she said. "You shouldn't," I said.

Then she stood up and lifted her skirt. She was wearing black stockings and suspenders, and black panties, which I pulled down. I was still sitting on the step, her cunt now inches from my face. I touched her wiry black pubic hair, which was shaved at each side for her bikini line (she must be very hairy before she shaved, I thought), then reaching around and cupping her buttocks in my hands, pressed my face against her cunt and licked it - it was very strong tasting. 

She was still asking me to fuck her and I was saying we couldn't here - quite apart from anything else I was still pretty drunk and didn't know whether I would get hard. But then she got me to stand up and, unzipping my pants, got my cock out and began to suck it. I stood there, running my hands through her thick hair as she sucked me. There was a lot of light from a nearby street lamp, and anyone passing by would have gotten a perfect view of everything. It was, I have to say, very exciting, and soon I felt my cock hardening in her mouth. 

When I was hard enough she sat down in the recess and spread her legs. I straddled her and slid my cock into her pussy. She had her head back and her eyes closed, and I realised that I could say anything to her and she couldn't hear me. "I'm fucking you, Caroline, I'm fucking your cunt", I said. I kept this up for a few minutes, but then my cock softened. I withdrew and went down on her again, licking her cunt lips then, pushing her legs back, I pressed my face between her buttocks and licked her anus too.


It was about three o'clock by then. We arranged for her to come over to my house the following Saturday, when my girlfriend would be away. Next day she rang me (using the deaf telephone relay service) and, speaking through an interpreter, said that what had happened was bizarre, and she hadn't done anything like this before, and didn't think she should come over on Saturday. I told her I still wanted to see her, but I haven't heard from her since then.
