 Kelly loved going to the gym. The smell, the sounds -- it always made her horny. She had big plans for the steam room behind the ladies locker room, and tonight was the night to put them in action. 

She had been working on some of the regulars for weeks, wearing revealing leotards, bending over just the right way, catching eyes, letting her hand brush her breasts as she patted sweat from her neck. Once one of the guys seemed interested enough, she went in for the attack. Finding the right moment, when she was hot and glowing and he was grunting on a weightlifting machine, watching her out of the corner of his eye, she made her way over to him and leaned in to whisper in his ear. A time. A date. If he seemed put off, she laughed as if it were a joke. If his eyes glowed in recognition, she winked and walked away, knowing he would be there.

Her collection now included seven of these men, carefully chosen. Tonight she would reap her harvest.

She entered the gym and crossed through the lobby to the ladies locker room, found her locker and started changing her clothes. A different outfit tonight -- no leotard or workout shorts this time, just a towel, and only for a moment. Lastly she pulled from her purse a small vial with clear liquid inside.

She locked everything up and headed straight for the steam room. The door had no lock but she knew that tonight was a slow night at the gym so she was unlikely to be disturbed. She hung her towel on a hook outside and entered the foggy air inside. The blue tiled floor and walls were indistinct through the thick air, and the heat was heavy in her throat. It was a large room with tiled bench areas all around the edge. On one end the bench was two levels high. From the door she couldn't see the other side of the room through the thick mist.

Inhaling deeply, she looked around for the steam vent. She only had a few minutes to prepare. She found the vent, opened the vial and carefully poured all the contents inside. With a hiss the liquid began to bubble inside. Capping the empty vial and placing it on the bench beneath, she walked to the opposite end of the room, sat down on the bench and then leaned across the tile, stretching her naked body out lengthwise.

Soon the steam began to take on a mild scent of mint and eucalyptus. It tingled in her throat and cooled her skin, and the effects of the potent aphrodisiac began to spread through her body. She sighed and ran her hands along her flat stomach, wiping a glistening trail through the beaded steam on her skin. Further up, she caressed her tingling breasts, nipples standing stiffly erect, and her sigh became a quiet moan. Her legs crossed and rubbed together as her other hand reached to tangle itself in her pubic hair.

The click of the door alerted her that her admirers had begun to arrive. She turned her head to watch a well-built dark-haired man enter the steam room, also naked. His cock was large in anticipation of her whispered promise. He walked through the steam blindly for a moment, then caught sight of her rosy body splayed out along the bench, writhing slightly from her own touch. 

The scent in the room was stronger now so it only took a moment for him to begin to feel the effects. He said nothing, but his penis bobbed proudly between his legs, throbbing and twitching as he neared her.

Another click and the first man turned to see who had entered. A blond-haired man now walked through the mist, slightly smaller in build than the first but sculpted like a statue. His reddened cock jutted from a curly mass of pubic hair almost as blond as the hair on his head. 

The two men regarded each other for a moment warily, but the effects of the drugged steam in the room quickly removed any doubts they may have had, and they both turned their attentions to Kelly who was now ignoring them, blissfully engaged in self-stimulation on the bench.

One man leaned over her and replaced her hand with his mouth on her nipple. Her fingers twined in his hair and pressed him close as he laved her breast with his hot tongue, sucking and pulling at her nipple. The other man stroked himself with one hand as he settled himself on the bench between her legs, running his other hand along her inner thigh as she quivered beneath their combined touch. He reached the mound between her legs and gently ran his finger down her curled folds, causing drips of moisture to collect, mingled steam and juices. When he reached her base he carefully slipped one finger inside her moist opening and pressed upward, causing her to buck and gasp. The first man stopped his attentions on her breast when she moved, and he gathered both breasts in his hands and began to knead her tight flesh, pushing both breasts together, pressing her nipples down with impatient thumbs. 

Still standing, he moved his hips forward and slid his penis between her breasts as he massaged them. A small groan escaped his lips as he gently thrust his cock between her moist, satiny breasts.

Another click of the door and two more men entered, again taking a moment to adjust to the surprise of the situation and then within a few breaths of the drugged air, clutch at themselves in a sudden need and join the orgy on the bench.

Four men now clustered around her body, one slowly fucking her breasts, one between her legs absently stroking his own length while he explored her interior with questing fingers, one set to work caressing her thighs with his hands, and one at her head, directing her eager mouth to his twitching cock.

Her head was held by two hands and she opened her lips to accept the thick penis, veined and slightly purple in the heat. He slowly thrust his full length into her hot mouth, past her tongue and into her throat as she accepted all his length, lips wrapped tightly around his base. He withdrew before she choked, then began slowly fucking her mouth as she sucked and pulled at him with her tongue. 

Her body rocked with the motion of the other men as they paid their attentions to other parts of her body. The man between her legs pulled his fingers from her glistening pussy and stood, changing places with the man on her thighs. 

The new man crouched between her legs and positioned his cock at her heated opening, leaned down and glided inside her, meeting no resistance but squeezed tightly by her inner muscles. He grunted and leaned forward, clenching his ass muscles rhythmically as he began to thrust impatiently, driven by animal lust as the scented air clouded his brain.

The other men continued to pleasure themselves on her body as he rode her, slapping thighs on thighs, muffled groans of pleasure mingling in the mist. The combined noises almost masked the sound of the door opening yet again, as a group of three new men entered the steam room.

Their momentary confusion at the mass of bodies before them slowed them only for a moment before they drew a few breaths of the heavy air and their blood quickened, cocks stiffened and they were overtaken by the need to join in. As they joined the group, the groaning, thrusting man bucking over her was arching his back and pumping in short, desperate jerks, his muscles quivering as he began to fill her with spurts of cum. Kelly clutched at his ass and ground her pelvis into him, mewing in pleasure at the cresting orgasm set off by his reckless movements.

The other six men gathered around her as he finished, then as one they lifted her body off the bench, the seventh man's penis pulling out of her with a liquid pop as he crouched, catching his breath. 

They lifted her down from the bench and placed her on the tiled floor, gathering around her in a circle, jutting red cocks bouncing between legs as they knelt. Kelly was still fully aroused after the recent attentions, and she looked hungrily at the six erect penises around her. She sat up, pulled the nearest man down onto the tile beside her, and flipped over to all fours over him. The other men gathered around, choosing positions. One man leaned in behind her on his knees, two men crouched in front of her, two more sat watching and stroking their eager members, and the seventh man slowly recovered on the bench as the combined effects of the stimulant in the air and the orgy in front of him re-energized his sated cock.

Kelly leaned back into the man behind her as he took his penis in his hand, thrust it between her thighs and lubricated it in the juices that leaked from her pussy. Then he pushed upward and eased the tip into her anus, rocking gently to moisten and loosen the tight hole. As he felt the flesh soften to accept him, he placed his hands on her hips and drove her onto him, penetrating her hole in a forceful movement that caused her gasp in pain and pleasure. 

The man beneath her reached up and pulled the joined pair down lower, slipping his cock into her waiting pussy, feeling the other man's embedded organ with his hand as he guided himself into her. As he entered her, the pressure from the other man bumped and massaged his tip, and he reached with his hips to join their slow gyrations. 

The two men in front of Kelly knelt and offered their cocks to her hungry mouth, and as she was penetrated from behind she allowed the rocking motion to press her onto first one, then the other with open-mouthed sucking and licks. The two men pressed closer, alternately stroking themselves as her head bobbed over them.

The men behind her began panting in exertion as they rode her with quickening need. The one beneath her groaned deeply and emptied his load inside her as the man on her ass gripped her hips and growled with his mounting orgasm. As the penis inside her pussy throbbed with its final spurts, the man behind her thrust heavily into her and clenched, balls contracting, penis twitching and jerking as he came inside her anus. 

Kelly moaned with deep pleasure as the men finished, then leaned forward to relieve herself of their organs. Free for the moment, she changed tactics and turned around onto her back again, beckoning to one of the two men who had been watching from the side. 

He knelt over her and quickly drove his cock into her sopping, used hole, his built-up need bringing a tight groan to his lips as her pussy engulfed him and the mingled juices of the other three men saturated his flopping balls. He braced his hands on the floor and began to ride her roughly, pounding into her flesh with pent-up frustration and hot lust. She squeezed him from within, tightening her hold on him and he cried out and shuddered, almost reaching his peak. Then she reached between them and grabbed his cock, squeezing the base, stopping him cold, and flipped him off of her, beckoning to the other man waiting nearby. 

He quickly filled the absence, pointing his penis at her dripping hole with one shaking hand, holding his body over her with the other. He rocked forward and was accepted into her depths, sinking straight to the hilt, crushing her hips with his muscular pelvis as he sought to overtake her and fill her completely. 

The six other men gathered closely around her, some recovering their shrunken organs, others still aching with unrelieved need, all stroking themselves and her as the new man heaved and bucked over her, both groaning together in rhythm with his wild strokes. 

Kelly arched her back and shrieked as she came with crashing intensity at the new man's muscular embrace, bucking her hips against his as he rode her. The ripples inside her vaginal walls pushed him over the edge and he stiffened, buried deeply inside her folds, his cock pumping wave after wave of hot fluid into her depths.

The other men were impatient now and as they saw him finish, one quickly took his place, filling her with a fresh cock as the waves of her orgasm diminished. Driven frantic by anticipation and the heavy drugged air, he plunged wildly into her, grasping her shoulders with his muscled arms and driving his aching member into her oozing hole. Within minutes he was groaning and twitching, convulsing with the power of his orgasm and Kelly was riding the waves of ecstasy as the continued onslaught lifted her into a continuous chain of mounting need and crashing release. She whimpered and screamed at each fresh assault as the men each took their turn between her thighs, some for the second time or even third, juices running together and pooling on the floor beneath her ravaged body. 

In the haze of drugs and pleasure, she lost track of each new mate as they alternately plunged, thrust and ejaculated inside her with a mingled chorus of moans and animal cries. Some could not wait their turn and jerked themselves off as they watched, splashing hot fluid onto the floor or her skin as they lost control. Within moments their bodies regenerated their sexual drive and she was the center of this frustrated mass of pulsating, grinding bodies, riding over her in jerking gasps, holding their dicks as they slammed into her and then desperately seeking the convulsing relief within as her pussy squeezed and gripped them each in turn, thirstily sucking their cum juices deep within her cavern.

One by one the men finally sated themselves and began to fall away as they finished with her, utterly spent and exhausted, sprawling on the tiled floor in the mist or leaning against benches, panting, their reddened and abused cocks limp and sticky against their legs. The final man gave a tortured groan as he pumped his hips heavily against her, bringing her cresting wave crashing down once again, her body giving a final tired spasm as she was filled with his spurting cum and then collapsing against the floor as he rolled off, eyes closed, breathing heavily.

Through the dimness of her consciousness she knew that the steam had cleared and the effects of the drug were wearing off -- but she had gotten what she wanted, her seven strong lovers had given her everything they had and more.