 The governing board for the Club met early one weekday evening  the following week. The board consisted of Aggie, the community center manager and managing director of the Club, Linda, the Club's lawyer, Harold Pierce, the community's Security Director and two couples,  Leon and Anita Sherman, and  Cindy and Steve Karlsen from the membership committee.   Aggie and Harold had considered all the security ramifications of the previous week's scandal and were pleased to report that the monthly gathering could resume with the following precautions.  The gatherings would be staggered, holding them on different Saturdays of each month, and they would be dispersed among seven villas instead of the current three. Aggie would spread the word to all Club members. 

The governing board dispersed in good cheer.  Linda was content that her sex life could continue virtually unabated.   She was not a voyeur so that problem did not affect her.  What she liked is that she would now have two gatherings to attend.   Her sexual odyssey had been one of experimentation, and a mixture of boundless joy with both sexes and with groups in varying numbers from threesomes to multiple male partners in orgies.  Yet, it was highly erratic with periods of months and even years of abstinence.

Raised in a conservative community not far from Chicago, she did not "go all the way," as was the popular circumlocution then for not letting any boy fuck her.  She let a few boys feel her up and even let one finger her pussy.  As a junior, she discovered the delight of masturbation. Having a prominent clit enabled her to get off frequently whenever she felt horny:  a pee break in the girl's toilet when no one was around, humping her pillow while listening to her mother and father make love in their nearby  bedroom.  She could get off almost anywhere. 

Linda was a bright student and was able to get a scholarship to a prestigious woman's college back East.  Her roommate seduced her at the end of the first year and she discovered the delights of being with a woman.  Linda learned what it was like to cum on a woman's mouth with the woman's tongue buried in her cunt.  She in turn took readily to eating her roommate's pussy. She found pleasure in her scent and the taste of her juices and got turned on by the sight of her thick bush.  The two girls both had small breasts but learned that did not inhibit them from fondling and sucking each other's nipples.  Both were breathless after frequent orgasms, but this also taught Linda what to expect from her body.   She could have multiple orgasms in small waves, but only occasional an intense one that left her exhausted and replete. 

In her junior year, Linda let a boy from a university in the same town take her cherry. She knew it would hurt and she might not like it the first time but was eager to get started with males.  The boy was totally inexperienced and chagrined by all the blood that appeared on his dorm room bed cover.  She decided that the next male should better be an older, more experienced lover. She completed her college degree with just several female couplings because she could not find a suitable male lover.   

Her grades were good enough for her to attend law school at the University of Chicago.  She spent the first year there keenly pursuing her studies to see if she was cut out for this profession.  She proved to her satisfaction that she could become a successful lawyer and concentrated on becoming a patent attorney, because she had always liked studying the sciences and was very good at sifting through complicated detailed materials.   

In her second year, she met a graduate school assistant, a young man about four yours older. He introduced her to proper sex, and she learned from him and a slew of other male lovers more about her body and the way men reacted to being with her.   Most telling was that she had narrow hips and a very tight pussy. This meant that horny young men had difficulty maintaining an erection without ejaculating after only a few minutes of thrusting.  Yet, since they were virile they could get hard within 30 minutes and satisfy her the second or third time around by fucking her hard and bumping their pelvises against her fully aroused clit, which was exceptionally large and sensitive.  This often led to her having very intense, screaming orgasms.    

She also learned she while she had the ability to have climaxes during intercourse by fingering herself while being fucked in all conceivable types of  positions,  it  took time and effort to build her up to the mind-shattering experiences she craved. But there were few men would were skilled enough to achieve this timing.   

Not many of these young men liked to go down on her despite her pleas and encouragements but those that did led her to conclude a universal truth: when it came to pussy-eating, women were superior to men. They were more gentle, patient and loving, and much more familiar with the intimate inner parts of a pussy. With few exceptions, that conclusion proved true the rest of her sexual life.   

She was fortunate after graduation to join a large international law firm in Chicago specializing in patent law. This began a long dry spell for her sex life.  Like any other young corporate lawyer she began putting in 60 to 70 hours a week, sometimes more, when there was pressure to finalize some litigation. She was exhausted at the end of the workday and hardly had enough time to take care of shopping and household chores, let alone socialize.  She thought of finding a fuck buddy in her office but tales of those encounters were rampant and filled with bad outcomes.  Women who had tried to get special consideration for promotion by sleeping with superiors were humiliated and exploited. One senior partner even tried pimping out an overly eager young woman to a client. Men did not fare much better.  Frigging in the rigging was a no-no, except of course at the senior partner level, as was the hypocritical attitude in all corporate hierarchies. Clients and their staffs were definitely off limits.   

Until her early 30's, Linda attended to the needs of her body by masturbation.  Things looked up then when she was promoted up a notch and given the chance for travel throughout the States and to Europe.  The work hours were more lenient, as she now had young lawyers to do a lot of the legwork, but to set a good example and confirm her good work ethics she still put in long hours.  The business trips did allow her to have sex, which she limited to picking up men and women in hotels and in connection with airline travel - in terminals and on planes.  She always chose older married men and women to avoid complications, people who, like herself, were looking for sexual frolics away from home.  She preserved her anonymity by insisting on meeting them in their rooms. Linda found this exciting. It was like a treasure hunt. Most of the time she made out very well. The older men were grateful to be with her and were very attentive; the women welcomed the companionship and were generally good lovers. 

One time she had a memorable threesome. After a grueling day of pouring through documents, she had a late light supper at her hotel and moved to the bar for a nightcap to relax.  She thought she also might find a partner for the evening. The bar was jammed and one of the empty seats was a bar stool near two younger men.  She guessed they were in their mid- to late-30's.  Most likely businessmen from their attire.  Right after she sat down, and ordered a drink, she drew their attention. It did not take long for them to chat her up. She was conservatively dressed, having gone to the hotel directly from her  office, but sitting on the bar stool her skirt hiked up to above her knees, displaying her lovely legs. She was very classy to look at. 

The drinks flowed - one more for Linda - and the  conversation among them took a light-hearted tone with ribald remarks.  They were now on a first-name basis.  Gary and Mike were salesmen staying at the hotel to attend a conference. There was no question in Linda's mind that at least one of them would love to fuck her.  She played along, wondering which one would be suitable. Teasing them, she said:   

"You guys are both cute. It would be tough to choose one of you." 

Mike piped in with a grin: "Why not both of us?" 

That idea had not occurred to Linda. "She thought: "Why not, indeed."   

"Sounds like a plan to me," she laughed.  

"Are you serious?" both men asked almost in one voice. 

"I'm game, guys. Whose room shall we use?"   

"Mine," said Mike. "And I get first dibs," he proclaimed.   

Linda felt excited by this turn of events.  She felt her pussy tingle.   

After paying their bar tabs - Linda insisted on paying her fair share - the three of them could not get out of the bar quick enough.  All three a little high on the alcohol they had consumed, they almost staggered to the elevator. 

The elevator was empty. Before they got to the 21st floor and Mike's room, he forced Linda against a wall, grabbed her by the cheeks of her ass and began to French her. She responded equally and ground her loins against him. Breaking apart when the doors opened, Mike said" "Wow." 

Linda chortled and said: "You ain't seen nothing yet!"  

As eager as these guys were to get inside her pants, Linda was pretty sure she could control the situation. When they got inside the room, she said: 

"OK, guys, here is the way we are going to play it.  It's a seller's market. It's my pussy and I get to say how you use it." 

"I'll shower and you guys follow.  Mike, hand me some hangars. I do not want you guys tearing my clothes off," she laughed. 

Linda was speaking from experience. One man, who picked her up at a bar, tore an expensive dress in his haste to undress her. She had a good pee, washed her nether parts thoroughly, undressed and donned the plus terry-cloth robe that the hotel provided all guests. She then reentered the room, hung up her clothes in Mike's wardrobe and said: "Next." 

  

Gary took his turn at the shower, while Mike and Linda sat side by side on the end of one of the double beds in the room. He had stripped down to his shorts while Linda was in the bathroom.  They began necking.  Mike opened her robe and Linda spread her legs for him.  Mike liked big breasted-women so he was disappointed by her small breasts and he went for the gold. He was playing with her pussy, warming her up, he thought, as Gary walked in.    

"I've got her warmed up for you, Gary," Mike leered. He really had not. Linda went through the motions of responding with sighs as Mike fingered her but he really was not turning her on.  She had taken the opportunity to feel his cock and was a little alarmed.  It was not too long for her but it was very thick. He might stretch her too much and if she was not lubricated a lot, fucking him might be painful.   

Taking over from Mike, Gary took off his shorts to reveal a cock at half mast.  It was long, which she thought would be fine and just about the right thickness. Not too thick to cause a premature ejaculation and thick enough to give her pleasure if he had any kind of endurance. She shed the robe and asked Gary to go down on her.  She figured he could get her nice and juicy and then she would decide whom to fuck. 

Gary was an eager pussy eater but lacked finesse.  "This guy is a rank amateur," Linda said to herself. " I better guide him." 

"Gary, not so hard!  Take your time. Lick me inside.  When I tell you, work on my clit and finger me. I can get off that way," she instructed him. 

Compliant, Gary slowly licked her cunt. He was doing that when Mike walked in and just stared at the action. 

"Don't just stand there, Mike!" Linda said. Get over here and I'll suck you." 

Linda was now getting aroused.  Sucking Mike's cock, she groaned with pleasure between each deep throating she gave Mike while Gary was diligently eating her pussy. If she could time it right, she could suck off Mike, swallow some yummy cum and then have Gary make her cum. 

"Gary, that's it," she said pausing a moment from sucking Mike.  "That's the way.  Work on my clit, now, Pleeese!" she begged. 

Back with Mike's cock in her mouth, she stroked him with one hand and made huge slurping noises as she sucked the tip.  That did it for Mike and he came with a roar. 

"Now me, Gary.  Lick my clit.  Finger fuck me.  Don't stop! You got me going!"   

Lacking skill, but being vigorous Gary fingered Linda briskly and licked the side of her clit as firmly as he could.  She came with a shout:   "Yeeees! Yeeeeees!" 

It was not a great climax, so she faked the strength of her response but she did feel a small wave of orgasm.  "It was all right," she thought.

While this was going on, Mike was stroking his cock getting stiff again.   

Linda was pleasantly surprised so not wanting to take a chance that Gary would be a bad lay, she decided to fuck Mike, because after all if she had to tell Gary how to eat her pussy, the odds were she would have to waste time telling him how to fuck her. 

"Mike can you take me now?"  I am primed for you."  She felt really juicy with Gary's spit and her mild flow, so she thought she could manage Mike's size.   

"Yeah. Yeah," Mike grunted. "I'm getting there. I'll fuck you good. How do you want it?" 

Linda knew she control a man this size best by mounting him.  "I'll get on top, Mike." 

Mike got on his back and stroked himself to a rapid hard-on.  Linda slowly mounted him, letting his length gradually fill her to the hilt. She then leaned forward and grabbed the back of the headboard for support and leverage.  Using a back and forth shuttle, she began fucking him steadily, increasing the tempo with her own arousal. 

Mike had not had many pussies this tight.  Linda was fucking him good but he was in sexual agony.

"Son of a bitch," he shouted.   "You're so damn tight you're going to tear my cock off!" 

Linda had run into this situation before. She knew that her pussy acted like a cock ring on many men. She knew how to deal with the situation.   

"You can't take it, huh, huh, you bastard.  I'll show you!" she shouted. 

Without losing a grip on him she squatted, opening her pussy wider and braced her hands on his chest.  She then raised her hips until his tip was nearly out and then slammed herself down repeatedly on his pelvis.  This gave them both enormous pleasure.  Mike was going wild and mumbling obscenities: 

"You goddamn bitch.  You hot cunt!  Fuck me! Fuck me! " 

With his dirty language and the pounding of her clit against his pelvis, Linda had a real intense climax. She screamed: "I'm cuuuuuuuming. Oh, you bastard! I'm cuuuuuuming!"   

As she ceased to  catch her breath while still impaled on him, Mike could not hold out. 

"Oh shiiiiiit!" he shouted.  

When they both unscrambled, Mike said: "That was one hell of a fuck!"   

"I told you that you were in for a treat. Didn't I?" She laughed. 

Gary had never seen such hot action.  He had become so excited that he masturbated watching them. 

"I guess we've had some fun, guys," Linda stated matter-of-factly.  She was spent after a hard day's work and her last climax.  It ended up being a good night for her but it was time to call it a day. 

"Thank you guys.  You both gave me a good loving."  That was only partly true but she did not want to hurt Gary's feelings. 

Linda did not bother dressing. She gathered up her clothes, put on the robe and walked briskly into the hall ducking into the nearest stairway.  She was home free now. She would not attract attention to anyone because many guests who used the hotel's pool walked around in the robes. In fact that is what she did. She went to the pool, rented a bathing suit and relaxed in the sauna. 

Thinking it over, she thought Gary could be trained to be a good lover but couldn't cut the mustard now. Mike had potential since he was so virile.  She might have given Mike a second round but she would be flying home the next day and it was highly unlikely she would ever see either of them again. 

Aside from that brief fling and well into her mid-40's, her sex life was erratic. Nothing at home at all.  Only some occasional mediocre encounters with both men and women. There was little time for her to recuperate between assignments before hitting the road again.  This was the time of her life when her sex drive started to reach its height and she was getting desperate for some steady sex and companionship. On a trip to Rome, her life changed. 

One morning at breakfast, a strikingly beautiful Italian woman approached her table and asked if she could join her.  The dining area was chock full and because it was customary in Europe for people to share tables she complied.  Polite conversation was exchanged, enough for Linda to learn that the woman's name was Anna and that she lived in Milan.  Her family was in the fashion industry and she traveled to Rome often. Anna was in her early 50's and was a fair-haired Northerner.  She had honey-blonde hair and was as tall and slender as she was.    

The two women breakfasted together three days in a row and got to learn more about each other's lives. Anna was divorced; her husband had left her for a younger woman, not an uncommon occurrence anywhere.  She had three children but they all were settled and living in various parts of Italy.  Anna said she lived in a huge Palazzo left to her by her family and was rattling around in it. She invited Linda to visit her in Milano the coming weekend so she could show her the highlights of the city. (Linda had already told her she had never been to Milan.) 

Late on Friday evening Linda took the short flight to Milan. Anna's driver picked her up.  Anna was waiting in the large entryway.  She was wearing a beautifully tailored lounging gown, tied around her waist with a silk sash.   Linda could see that her legs were bare and her breasts were unencumbered by a bra. The two women exchanged light kisses on their cheeks, European style.  There was a male servant standing by to take her suitcase and to escort her to her room. 

"Right now I imagine you will want to freshen up. I will order Proseccos to toast your arrival.   I'll wait for you in the living room. You can easily find your way." 

  

" Linda's room was commodious, high-ceilinged and beautifully decorated. She expected she would be pleased with the rooms in the rest of the Palazzo, but was not prepared for the enormous living area. The ceiling must have been 20 feet high and there was an enormous fireplace that a small person could walk into.    There were several conversational sitting arrangements. Anna gestured to pick one overlooking an interior illuminated garden.  After leisurely conversation about the history of the Palazzo, the women became engrossed in relating the intimate details of their lives. They pulled no punches; both had not had a serious affair with a man or a woman  in many months. There was no question that there was a strong physical chemistry between them.   

Anna said, "Linda, I will not mince words. I find you very attractive.   I hope I do not offend you when I say I would like to make love to you tonight." 

Linda was nonplussed, but recovered quickly.  "I am flattered, Anna.  I am aroused by your femininity. We are adults, so I am not shy to say I would like to go to bed with you."   

"Follow me, Cara," Anna requested. They held hands as Anna led her to her bed chamber, a room even large than Linda's, with a large balcony overlooking the garden.   

"I showered just before you arrived," said Anna.  "You need not do so, as I want to inhale all your natural scents." 

Very nonchalantly Anna, disrobed slowly by untying the sash on her robe and letting it slip slowly off her shoulders to the floor.  She had not been wearing any undergarments and was now completely nude.   With a theatrical gesture, Anna cocked her hip, raised one hand gracefully with an offering gesture and said, "Voila!" 
