 Sated by sex and emotionally drained by the excitement generated at the Club party, Harry and Marie drifted off to sleep, snuggling together. During the night they stirred, each rising for a call of nature, as older folks are wont to do. Sitting on the john, Marie thought about waking Harry by sucking him to consciousness and then mounting him, as she was curious to learn sooner than later if he was a good cocksman, as well as a fantastic pussy-eater, but she opted to shoot for a more leisurely bout of sex later in the morning. She had no problem dosing off again around 3 AM but was suddenly awakened several hours later by the persistent ringing of the phone in her kitchen. 

"Who could that possibly be?" Marie asked herself in the fog of waking up abruptly. Then it dawned on her and she dashed worriedly to the phone. Her daughter-in-law was pregnant but she was not due for at least a couple of weeks.

"Mom," she heard her son anxiously say, "Chris is going to have to undergo a C section this morning. She's at the hospital now." Marie could hear her son panicking, as it was their first child. 

"Andy, be calm. I'll get to the hospital as soon as I can." 

"Thanks, Mom. I can use all the help I can."

Marie was faced with a quandary, considering Harry was still in her bed. But family comes first. His reaction to her sudden departure would let her take the measure of the man. Rousing Harry from a sound sleep, she told him about the situation. 

"Harry, I'm going to have to shoo you out soon. I have to shower, dress, pack, eat a quick bite and be on the road. I'll stay a few days until Chris is on her feet. Sorry, we could not spend more time together," she said. 

Harry could tell she was sincere. Although he was disappointed, he assured her that he understood perfectly and was eager to pick up where they had left off.

"Harry, do me a favor. Wait until I shower and put something on. I'll retrieve the morning paper to check out if the coast is clear so you can then walk down the fire escape exit a few doors down the hall. A girl has to protect her reputation," she laughed. (Marie said this lightly but she was concerned about keeping up appearances among the senior residents who were not Club members.) 

"Anything to protect a lady's honor," Harry teased. The plan worked out smoothly. Marie gave Harry a hug and peck on the cheek, and playing patted him on his butt as he slinked out the door. 

After Harry showered at home, he changed clothes, gathered up his own morning paper and headed to the dining room for a breakfast. He wondered if he would spot any of the people he ran across at the Club the previous night. Setting his tray down at a table for two, he glanced around but could not recognize anyone. Either they were still cavorting in the morning or maybe skipping breakfast. 

Chewing on a piece of toast after finishing off a large bowl of oatmeal, he thought back on his evening with Marie. He felt good about her, and was really keen to see her as soon as he could, but then one of his old hang-ups kicked in. Did he really want to get emotionally involved with a woman who probably had multiple sex partners? Harry was open-minded about casual flings, but he was strictly a one-woman man when he felt seriously about someone. And Marie was a woman he thought could be that person. 

Harry was still mulling over his night with Marie and his experience at the Club when he saw his neighbor Pete sauntering in. After loading down his tray with two full plates, Pete headed toward Harry's table. That did not surprise Harry, considering the fact that Pete was a huge man, nearly 6 foot four inches tall and probably weighed well over 250 pounds. He probably had a huge sexual appetite, too, Harry speculated. 

"Mind if I join you, Harry. I dislike eating alone," Pete asked. 

"Not at all, Pete. I could use the company," Harry said. (Pete was one of the few men Harry had met at the residence. They chatted occasionally but Harry did not know he was a member of the Club until he saw him there the previous evening.) 

"Sure thing, Harry. Let me plough through this food and then we relax with our coffees." 

Harry hesitated, because he was not sure how to broach the topic of the Club and the concerns he was now having about it. Pete broke the ice for him. 

"How are you getting along. Have you been able to meet new people? I saw you at last Friday's cocktail party upstairs chatting with the three sisters. They're a good start. Lots of fun very sociable." 

" I have met a few couples and several of the single women," Harry cautiously said. "I did not see you at the cocktail party but could not help noticing you talking to a rather striking woman last night." 

"Oh, you mean Hannah. You are a gentlemen to say so. Hannah is a big woman, well-stacked and voluptuous. We get along well. Because of my size, I am one of the few single men around with whom she feels compatible. So, you're a new member. No need to tip toe around talking about our gatherings. You probably heard some things about Hannah. Most are true. She is a good-hearted, fun-loving woman with a ribald sense of humor. She feels her oats now and then but there aren't many men who can satisfy her. That is why she plays the field so much. Whatever bad rumors you may have heard were sour grapes by men whom she has turned down or rejected as poor lovers. The fact is that she is an incredibly hot piece of ass with the right man. You should meet her. She is an engaging conversationalist." 

"Let me make an observation, Harry," Pete felt compelled to add. "You're an old school guy. You do not have to worry about giving away confidences. Everyone last night was trying to get laid. That is why we attend these parties. You can be as discreet or open as you wish. Eventually, you'll be able to figure out who is pairing up, and who is available , and people will be aware of your preferences, too." Pete explained. 

"To be honest, Pete, I found the whole evening a little overwhelming and am still not sure of the ground rules. I am not even sure now if I fit in the group. I was enthusiastic initially but I have some reservations to overcome." 

"Spell them out, Harry. You might start by explaining what you are looking for. " Pete was being supportive, so Harry decided to lay out his concerns. 

"Pete, I joined the community because I needed to find female companionship and heard from my brother-in-law that this is a good place to find some open-minded and frisky women. The Club is a bonus. It is a sure fire way to have sex often but I am a little hesitant about just being one more in a long line of men available to service the women. I am much more comfortable with finding a steady sex partner. I am not sure that is practical at the Club. It seems to me that the women do not want to be tied down with just one sex partner. Nor is that the pattern at the Club, which seems like a sexual version of musical chairs. I do not think I can adjust to bouncing from one women to another." 

"Harry, membership in the Club is far more flexible than you think. That is why we wear badges at our monthly gatherings to signal our druthers. It is perfectly fine to stick with one of two people or with a couple or two you like for threesomes, if that is an option you want to explore. We have single men and women who are civil unions - they live separately but commit themselves to each other. They show up for the socializing and the chance to engage in some risqué conversation or to watch the shenanigans. We get to know each other's interests and respect them. I do not know whom else you have met, but Marie, for example, is a fine lady. A lot of fun and very discreet. She is very selective. I do not think she has a steady male friend but as a member of the Club she undoubtedly has had a few partners. You got to get used to the idea that anyone you date here has had and, will probably have, other relationships. " 

"I must confess something else, Pete. I thought I might expand my experiences. I've been with a few couples and liked being with them. But that was on a discreet basis. Here it is like being in a fishbowl. I want to spread my wings a bit but was not prepared for a big audience." 

"Hell, Harry. The Club is just a meeting ground for a lot of people receptive to almost anything. And on any level of privacy. If you want to meet a woman or a couple discreetly, that is easy enough to arrange. Just like you used to do it when you were single and wary about people knowing who you were screwing. You size up people at the Club then contact them later. No problem. The only difference between dating here at our Club and in the broader community is that at our gatherings you know all the women put out, whereas otherwise you have to put in a lot of effort and tact to score. It's basics, Harry. Relax." 

Harry did not know if anyone other than Kate had seen Harry and Marie take off together, as everyone seemed preoccupied by the time they had hooked up, so he thought he would not tell Pete about her just yet. He was never one to talk about the women in his life, even short affairs, and he did not plan to break the habit, unless it was pointless not to do so. 

"Harry, since you are interested in trying something new, I have a proposal. Hannah has been asking me about finding another male for a DP. That is something she has never done and it is on her bucket list. That is what we were talking about last night. I'm an obvious choice for the bottom of the sandwich so she sounded me out. Are you interested? You do know what that is, don't you?"

"Maybe, to the first question; I have just read about the other. I have no personal experience.

It's not that I am not willing to try. If it is just a lark, a one-time thing, I may consider it but Hannah is taller than I am and pretty hefty. She looks like more than I can handle. And how do you even know she would be interested in me." 

"Good point. Let's call her now and find out. But we better move outside so no one can hear us." 

On an empty side terrace of the dining area, Pete used his cell phone to call Harrah. 

"Hi, big guy," she giggled as she answered the call recognizing his number on the screen. Found anyone to join us yet?" 

"Mission accomplished. I've got him here on speaker phone. " 

"Sounds great. Who is he? Do I know him?" 

"No, he's new and a little squeamish. He thinks you may be too formidable so you are going to have to persuade him," Pete teased. "His name is Harry." 

"Hi, Harry," Hannah said cheerfully. "I'm a handful, I know. But you will not regret it. Something to tell your grandchildren," she laughed. 

"OK, Hannah, let's cut to the chase." Pete proposed they all meet and see if they were compatible. 

"What are you guys doing tomorrow afternoon?" Hannah asked. 

Nothing else was on their calendars for Monday afternoon, so they agreed to meet at 3PM at Hannah's apartment. 

"Harry, let's be serious for a moment. Meeting Hannah is not a commitment to join us in a threesome. We'll have a few drinks and laughs, and take it from there. She's pretty candid and will let you know politely if you do not appeal to her. You can back off, too, and no feelings will be hurt." 

Later on Sunday afternoon, , Harry surfed the net for more information and tips on DP's. He was actually not enthusiastic about it considering the imposing figure of Hannah but nonetheless he was intrigued, considering Pete's description of her sexual appetite and lack of inhibitions. He rationalized that this was nothing serious and would not impair his budding relationship with Marie. 

Pete picked up Harry and they made their way to Hannah's apartment. She greeted them, barefoot , wearing a thick white, knee-length terrycloth robe. "So this is Harry," Hannah smiled and leaned down to kiss him on the cheek. "Your're a cute little fella." 

She led the way to her living area, gesturing that they take a seat, and took their drink orders. There was an oversized couch before a low coffee table with comfortable chairs on two sides. Pete took a place near the middle of the couch and Harry sat down in one of the chairs. While Hannah was busy in the kitchen he had a chance to go over first impressions. 

She was taller than he was by about two inches. She must be close to six feet. But she was not as heavy as he had thought. Rather she was a large-boned women with some extra pounds. She had slender ankles and legs, large hips and broad shoulders and a fairly narrow waist. That was all he could tell about her frame for the moment except she must have very large breasts. She was a pretty woman, with good skin color, a wide smile and sparkling green eyes that complemented her chestnut-colored hair - undoubtedly dyed - tied in a piggy tail. Harry guessed she was in her late 60's. She had the usual signs of aging, sagging chin, folds under her eyes and a slight stoop, but all in all she was quite a good-looking and desirable woman. Harry was getting very interested in learning what was under the terrycloth robe.

Clara returned and passed out drinks - they had all decided to start with vodka tonics - and put some snacks in the middle of the coffee table. She sat close to Pete on the couch.

"These should help us relax," Hannah commented and raised her glass. "Cheers to us." She arranged herself sitting slightly turned towards Pete, her legs folded under, which caused her robe to slip up a bit revealing her knees and a bit of her upper thighs. Both Pete and Harry could now see her cleavage. 

As Pete had mentioned, Hannah was good at leading a conversation. She asked questions about Harry's background but was not intrusive and paid close attention to his remarks. As did Pete, Hannah asked if he had gotten settled and was able to develop a social life. She offered to introduce him to some women and couples at the next Friday cocktail party. 

" I will let you know which ones swing and which ones are fair game. It will save you the trouble of trolling around the compound or at the Club gathering next month. Most of the women around the Senior Center are interested in a little male companionship. Whether they are in the Club or not, they are too old to play games and will let know from the start if they want a sex partner, especially the married ones. They are the horniest of all, believe it or not. In most cases, they are frustrated because their husbands are not able to give him a good loving. You will be up to your ears in pussy," Hannah laughed.

Harry liked a no-nonsense, out-spoken woman. He told her that he would take her up on her offer. There was no harm in meeting other women until he had ascertained if Marie was someone he could focus on. 

Pete piped in that Harry was also interested in threesomes and now was a good time to find out if everyone was in synch about having a DP. He added that this was Harry's as well as Hannah's maiden voyage. Hannah could say aye or nay if she preferred breaking in with a more experienced or physically larger man. 

" Well, Harry you are a good-looking man. And you are nice and polite. I do not mind giving it a whirl with someone your size. But how about you? Do you like what you see so far?," Hannah asked.

Getting into the spirit of the moment, Harry replied: "The packing is enticing, but I'd like to see more of the contents."

"Oh, we have a player, Pete!" With that remark she shrugged off the upper part of her robe and asked: "What do you think of these?" 

On display was a set of the heaviest tits Harry had ever seen up close. Sure, they sagged somewhat, but they were well-formed and had large nipples. 

"They're gorgeous, Hannah!" Harry exclaimed. "How large are they?" 

"I am glad to know you like my 42 DD's . Why don't you just sit beside us so you can get a closer look." 

The die was now cast. Harry was mesmerized by her tits. He wanted to rest his head between them and leisurely suck the nipples. He moved to sit beside her while Hannah turned to Pete and opened his zipper. She pulled out his cock and Harry was impressed. The threesome had commenced spontaneously.

They started off with Hannah's taking turns masturbating and necking with the guys. Her tongue was like a darting snake. Harry had never been so deep-throated before. And Pete was right, she was very hot and made lots of sexy sounds. 

"You guys are getting turned on enough," Hannah sighed. "I got to suck some cock!" Get those pants and shorts off," She ordered.

At the same time she stood up and doffed her robe. Harry was in awe. What a body! Her large breasts stood out more sharply and her broad hips were made for comfort. She had a heavy, light brown bush which revealed the outline of flappy lips and she was already wet! Her tummy was large but not obscenely so. Rather sexy. She was Earth Mother. Rather Earth Grandmother. 

The guys complied and Hannah bent before them on her knees. Hannah took turns pleasuring them. Harry was chagrined when he saw Pete's cock . "Damn," he exclaimed to himself. "That monster must be nine or 10 inches long and very thick. How can I compete with that."

Sensing what Harry must be thinking, Hannah said between licking his shaft and tongue batting the tip: " You have a great cock! It fits perfectly in my mouth! Ummm. Hot damn." And she proceeded to grunt and moan while sucking him.

She was more vocal with Pete. "You big son of a bitch. I love this cock so goddamn much! oooooh, shit Pete. It's so beautiful!"

Hannah kept up her internal groans and comments and the guys were not far behind. Pete grunted and Harry began to get really uninhibited. "Hannah, you suck me so goooood. Your mouth is like a hot pussy." Harry was breathing hard now. He lost track of Pete's reactions ; he concentrated on staying hard and not going off prematurely.

Hannah saw that Harry was starting to ooze precum and Pete was as hard as she had every seen him. She felt the wetness emerging in her crotch and knew the moment was right to have those lovely cocks in her holes. 

" I think it's time we fucked," she gasped. "I need to cum bad. Get ready for me, fellas! "

Hannah reached into the pocket of her robe strewn on the floor and took out a tube of KYJelly, which she tossed to Harry. " Please grease yourself up and be ready to take my ass when I ask you . Don't be afraid to ram it in me hard. You will not hurt me," she begged.

Harry stood aside and watched with awe how all the pieces of the action were coming together. Pete slouched in the couch and formed a broad lap for Hannah to mount. He also spread his legs, so Harry could step easily behind her when she was impaled on his cock.

Hannah straddled Pete. her knees bent and dug into the couch. She guided his huge cock inside her, and moaned. "Oh that is so goooood, Pete. My pussy is hot for you! I am going to fuck your brains out."

She then leaned forward and braced her hands on the back of he couch for leverage, and Harry watched as she bounced up and down Pete's shaft and wriggled her ass from side to side as she did it. She was setting a fast pace, and sobbing and moaning as she did it. " Fuck me! Fuck me! Give it to me harder. Faster, Faster! Bite my tits you bastard. Don't let up!"

Harry had not seen a woman be so aggressive, except in a porn film and he thought that was faked. He did not know what to do at the moment except to watch the action.

"I'm ready for you now Harry!" Hannah screamed.. " Give it to me in the ass! "Tear my ass apart. Give it to me good." Just rape that asshole!"

Harry did not need any further encouragement. He positioned himself behind Hannah's swinging hips and soft, flappy cheeks and probed her depths with his trembling cock. It was like poking a moving target but he hit home with a quick thrust and Hannah screamed in delight. He grabbed her hips and pressed close to keep his cock imbedded and fucked her with short strokes - which was the only way he could see he could fuck her ass and keep his cock inside her.
