 The evening was planned as the fulfillment of one of Joy's long-time fantasies. We invited two couples that we had been intimate with previously to dinner. An additional couple came as well, although we did not know them before they arrived. Their introduction to the group would be memorable for them.

Beth and Bill were the first to arrive and the couple we knew best and longest and had spent the most sexual time with. We met them about 10 years ago in a very non-sexual friendship. Things turned toward a sexual nature about 7 years ago when we were on vacation in the Bahamas and while under the influence of some sort of a rum concoction. Ever since, we have been fantastic friends and vacation together at least once a year and spend lots of weekends exploring many of our deepest sexual desires. 

Beth is a petite woman, standing not even 5 feet tall in her bare feet. I understand that she's the "perfect size 2 petite." Long flowing auburn hair makes her appear at times taller than she really is. And the fact that she rarely can be seen without at least 4 inch heels, she always gives the impression that she's taller. Beth loves to show off her perfect body and regularly wears clothing that imparts somewhat of a sophisticated hooker look. She always wears stockings and garters, even at work. She says that it makes her feel sensual all the time. A true bisexual, she loves to seduce a woman but prefers to climax at the end of the evening with a hard cock. Tonight was no exception for Beth; she was dressed in sexy sophistication. 

Bill comes in at about 6 feet tall, slender and fairly muscular. Joy tells me that Bill's cock, being long and slender, is just the perfect size and shape for her to suck. And considering the amount of time she spends doing that, it's pretty obvious that she feels that way. Many times, he takes a back seat to his very outgoing and exhibitionistic wife. It's more like he follows her around at times like a puppy in heat. But I can relate to that as well. I've been accused of following Beth around like a puppy in heat on occasion by my wife.  

Sam and Sherry were the next to arrive and have been good fuck-buddies for a couple of years. We answered an ad they placed on an online swinger's site. Usually we don't answer local ads because we are fairly well known in the community and we usually try to be pretty discreet in our playing. However, we knew who they were because we were able to recognize them from their ad and we were very attracted. So, when we saw their ad, we jumped at the chance to meet them and try them out.  

Sherry is about 5' 10" in height and very slender and muscular, most probably having played volleyball and/or basketball in her high school days because she seems very athletic. Unlike Beth, she rarely needs nor wears makeup but has this natural blonde goddess look to her. Additionally, she dresses very simply with sun dresses that accentuate her natural beauty and fantastic shape. She has perfected the "California Girl" look. Oh, did I mention that she's a perfect 36-24-36? And her perfectly shaped tits are real and just so sweet looking with hard nipples that stick out about ¾ of an inch but with little areolas surrounding. So, her nipples are all about sucking. And as big as they are, they are always hard. It doesn't matter if she's wearing a bra or not, everyone's eyes automatically shift down to those perfect tits and those hard nipples. 

Sorry, I'm digressing a bit. If you can't tell, I like Sherry's nipples. I'll tell you more about them in a future story. 

Sam is about the same height at Sherry, but when she wears heels, she towers over him (and most others). A little huskier in stature, he was the star football player who married the star female jock. Joy loves his fat cock for fucking. It's about as big around as a Red Bull can and just about that length. 

We've had many an evening together with Joy satisfied to be riding Sam's fat cock and sucking Bill's long slender one. Actually, I'm not at all dissatisfied with that outcome because I get to watch my beautiful wife perform and it also means the two ladies are left with me.    

Beth and Bill had invited some new friends to our little group, Cindy and Jerry. It seems that Bill and Beth have known them and fucked with them for about a year and being about 20 years younger than the rest of us; they wanted to bring them in as younger blood to try to keep us going. And I was surprised to hear from Bill said that Jerry and Cindy actually are attracted to more mature couples.  We certainly fit that description since we're all right at or approaching the half-century mark. 

Jerry and Cindy were the last to arrive. And when I answered the door, I was quite surprised. Cindy is a very shapely woman, built as the Commodore song says, "Like a Brick ---- House...." Standing just about 5' 6" tall, she defines the phrase "curvy" with an hour-glass figure including broad hips, a nice round ass and huge natural titties. And her manner of dress left little to anyone's imagination.  She stood on our porch in 6 to 7 inch stripper platform shoes, a micro-mini skirt that barely covered her pussy or her ass and a loose-fitting halter top straight out of the 70's that barely concealed her ample tits. I actually looked around after they came in to see if any of our neighbors were peering out their windows. 

While Beth oozed the sophisticated hooker look, Cindy screamed "Vegas Call Girl." One might expect to see her on the arm of some self-important rapper showing off his latest Ho. I was very surprised to find out quickly that while looking the part of Ho, she was actually very personable and sweet. 

Jerry looked to be a computer nerd and once we started talking, I found out that he was, indeed, a computer nerd, starting his own software company. He was a nice guy who looked like he had just hired a hooker from Craig's List for the night and proudly displaying her for all to see.  

It was interesting that these two had developed a friendship with Beth and Bill. They were at two ends of the spectrum from Beth and Bill. 

I had informed all the couples when I invited them that tonight was a night to fulfill a fantasy of Joy's and that the evening would be centered on her pleasure and her fantasy.  But that was all that I had said when we scheduled the evening. So, our good friends were quite curious about what the evening would bring. And our new friends seemed to be interested in just about anything that involved sex. 

Up to this point, I was the one who had greeted everyone at the door and brought everyone to the living room. 

"Where's Joy?' Beth was quite curious since the evening was intended on being centered on her.  

"Well, before she joins us, let me tell you a little bit about the evening. There will be more information later, but tonight Joy will be serving us. In all ways and means, she will be serving us. And tonight will be about both your pleasure and hers."  

Joy popped in right on cue. "Good evening Ladies and Gentlemen. Would any of you like a cocktail?"

Joy stopped in the doorway to the kitchen and stood for effect. She wore a black and white maid's outfit with the main piece consisting of a bustier cut out to expose here beautiful breasts. Beneath it was a tiny little black and white apron that came down to just above her smoothly shaved pussy and covered nothing in the back.  That sweet pussy and her round full ass were framed with a black lace garter belt and black silk stockings. She stood in black stiletto pumps that added about 4" to her height and on her perfectly coiffed hair was the cutest little maid's cap. 

She stood and let everyone admire her for a moment before she came into the room and asked each of our guests what they would like to drink.  

I repeated my earlier instructions. "Tonight, Joy will be serving us. If you need anything whatsoever, you will only need to ask." Again, my tone got serious. "The first rule of the evening is that it is all about pleasure. No pain in any way, shape or form." 

Once we all were served beverages, Joy stood quietly to the side of the room awaiting her next instructions. We started out with introductions for the two new guests and had them tell us a little about themselves and their desires. 

As Jerry and Cindy talked about themselves, Joy played the maid character to the tee, refilling drinks and being on display to everyone. As she would bend over to serve a drink she would bring her breasts down close to that person, always making sure that she would bend over and give the rest of the room a perfect view of her ass and pussy. 

As she was serving a drink to Sam, Joy was bent over quite well and her ass and pussy were just inches from Sherry's face.  Sherry started to reach up and touch but stopped when I surprised her.

"Oh, no touching." Sherry stopped and looked over at me inquisitively. "At this point in the evening, Joy is only available for your visual pleasure." I continued.

"Oh..... that sucks," Sherry replied. "Her juices are running down the inside of her thigh." 

"Good. But you cannot touch yet."  I motioned to Joy. "Joy, please bend over and give each of the couples a good view of how wet your pussy is." 

"Yes Sir." She replied as she obediently stepped over to Beth and Bill and turned with her back to them and bent over to give them a full view. She then stepped over to our newest friends and repeated the act. 

"Joy."

"Yes Sir."

"Joy, I know that Sam appreciates that he got a good look at your beautiful tits, but he hasn't seen how wet your pussy is." My tone was stern but not rough.

"I'm sorry, Sir. And Sam, I'm very sorry."  She stepped in front of him and turned and backed up as closely as she could before bending over and giving him a personal view.  She had positioned herself so that when she bent over her pussy was merely a few inches from his face.

"Joy, do you like being on display for our friends?" I asked knowing the answer already.

"Oh yes, Sir. I do. It excites me very much." Her answer was a little bit corny in its delivery, but she was new to the submissive stuff, and was much more used to being an aggressive sexual partner. 

I could tell that she suddenly realized that I had not gotten a view and she stepped over to me, turned around and backed up until she was straddling my legs and then bent over. Oh yes, her pussy was very wet and there was a sweet string of her juices that had connected itself to her thigh and was trailing away from her slit. 

"I didn't want to forget you, Sir." She piped up in kind of a corny tone.

"Thank you Joy. I had hoped that you wouldn't forget me." The rest of the group chuckled and I leaned forward and kissed her lightly on the ass.

"Hey, you said no touching." Jerry piped in attempting to make a joke.

"Yes I did, but in my house, you do as I say and not as I do." I replied. 

Joy stood back up and stepped over to her position by the kitchen door as we continued our conversation about our new guests. When she turned to face the room, it was apparent that Joy's interest was increasing as her face was flushed and her nipples were standing hard and firm. 

The conversation continued on for about a half hour as we learned about Jerry and Cindy and they about us. 

I was sitting directly across from Cindy, who was on our leather couch. Each time she crossed her long legs, I got a peek at her cute pussy. Once she caught me looking and did the slow, Sharon Stone, leg crossed giving me a long look at the fact that there wasn't a hair to be seen. She was very nice.  

When there was a little lull in the conversation, I stood and announced, "Joy and I are now going to prepare things for the evening's fun. Please continue talking and I'll return shortly."

Joy and I disappeared into our basement den and I could hear the buzz from the guests.

"What do they have planned?" Beth was the first to speak. Their curiosity was perfect.  

When Joy and I got to the den, she removed her apron and I unsnapped her bustier. She was now dressed in only the stockings, garter belt, heels and her little hat. She handed me the little hat and turned to face me.

"Are you ready for this?" I asked. 

"Oh yes I am. Are you?" Her voice crackled with anticipation for what was about to happen. 

"Yeah, I am. I'm looking forward to seeing how our guests participate." 

In the center of the room was as chair. Not an ordinary chair, but a product of long hours of planning and construction.  You see, in my spare time, I'm a furniture maker and I've been working for months on a special chair, a very special sex chair.

The sex chair resembles a dentist's chair in that it had a very slender seat and back and a built in head-rest. However, it had been modified to be completely in the reclining position. The seat has been made shorter so that it will not get in the way. But the most striking features are what are extending from under the seat, supports for stirrups that hold one's legs up and out, somewhat similar to what a woman might see in a doctor's office, spreading one's legs wide apart. The other striking feature is the arm supports that extend in a similar manner to the stirrups out to each side. At the end of each arm rest or stirrup was a fur-lined cuff and strap. 

I had spent hour upon hour measuring, adjusting and crafting to make all the proportions and all the positions perfect. The chair is fully adjustable to suit the size of the person who sits in it and to make it most comfortable for what might be a long session of pure pleasure. From the base there were several steps or platforms on which others could stand or support themselves making the chair interactive for multiple users. 

"Step over here." I motioned to Joy and she stepped between the stirrups, took a deep breath and sat down onto the seat. 

She laid back and hoisted each of her heels up into a stirrup. I kissed her stocking-covered calf as I wrapped the first ankle snugly with the strap of the cuff and affixed the buckle to lock her in. Then I repeated with her other ankle. I looked up between her legs and her clit was standing firm and hard, her shaved mound pink and bare.

Once fitted in, Joy nestled her head onto the headrest and reached out to the side, laying her wrists into each of the wrist cuffs. Another deep breath. I wrapped the fur-lined cuffs comfortably around her wrists and affixed the buckles snugly to lock in her wrists as well. 

I stepped back and gazed down at her, in a wide spread-eagle pose at about waist height on me, suspended in the air as if she was floating there.  Joy's nipples were hard like gum-drops and standing firmly a full half inch in length, the areola surrounding the nipple drawn tight. A trail of her sexual fluids was flowing from her pouting pussy lips and down the crack of her ass.  She smiled somewhat of a wicked smile not knowing all that was about to happen to her.

From a nearby table I took two of those foam ear plugs and carefully placed them deep into her ear canals so that they blocked out nearly all the sound.  Then I placed on her a custom fitted mask that covered her eyes and had additional sound protection to make sure that she could hear nothing. I tied it firmly in place and stepped back. 

She looked completely vulnerable; spread wide open with her stocking-covered legs and arms secured and two of her senses blocked, sound and sight. At this point, she could only smell, feel and taste.  Her nipples were so hard they looked like they would jump off of her breasts. Her breath was quick and fast in anticipation, causing her breasts to heave up and down. 

Her clit was hard and swollen large and standing firmly in the air and beneath, the lips of her sweet pussy full and pink.  The flow of juices from her had increased and on the carpet below was a growing spot wet from her dripping. 

I paused for a moment and reached for the controls for the four video cameras that were stationed strategically around the room. I pushed the record buttons to start what would be a record of the events for Joy to enjoy at a later time. In the next week or so, I would sit at my computer and edit together the four video recordings in to one complete story of what was about to happen to Joy. And I would also share it with friends that we have, maybe even host a "movie night."  We'll see. 

Sensing that our guests might be getting anxious at our absence, I stepped in close to Joy and paused, reached down with one hand and gently tweaked her hard nipple. The moment of my touch both startled Joy and excited her and she let out a quick gasp and then somewhat of a purr like a kitten that is getting its ears scratched.  I leaned down and lightly kissed her on the lips before pulling away.  

I returned to the living room to buzzing guests trying to figure out what the entertainment would be.  

"Joy is prepared for you and ready." I smiled and looked around the room. There was a mix if anticipation, excitement and curiosity. 

"As I indicated, tonight is about your pleasure and Joy's. Come with me."

Beth and Sherry were the first two to step into the den.

"Oh my God!!!" Beth let out in total surprise. 

Sherry stood there staring. She couldn't speak. 

"Holy shit!" Bill exclaimed.

Cindy was the last to enter the room and stopped in her tracks and could only say, "My God!!!!"

"As I said," I started again, "Tonight is about your pleasure and Joy's. She is prepared for your use tonight. She cannot hear or see who will be touching her, fucking her or anything else. She can only feel, smell and taste."

"Oh my God!!!" It was as if Beth could think of nothing else to say.

"There are just a few rules. As I said earlier, this is about pleasure, not pain. And men, you have to wait. The ladies get the first opportunity to play. You must watch or passively participate. Joy wants the ladies to have their fun first."

My voice got a little serious. "And, you men cannot cum inside her pussy. That is reserved for me." 

I paused for a moment before continuing, "She wants to feel your cum on her. So, you must cum somewhere other than in her pussy. She wants to feel it all over her body." 

The six of them were still standing quite shocked as my beautiful wife lay suspended and spread out before them, still wearing nothing but black stockings, garter and heels. 

"And one more thing." I resumed. "There are four video cameras that are right now recording the evening's events. Are the rules understood?"

All were nearly speechless as they muttered somewhat incredulously, "Yeah."

"Gentlemen, please have a seat." I pointed toward the couches and chairs that surrounded my naked and vulnerable wife. "Ladies, she can't hear us. So, you'll have to help yourself." I chuckled.

Simultaneously, Beth and Sherry moved in around her, almost as if protecting her, one on each side between an outstretched arm and leg. They looked at each other first then leaned down and gently wrapped their lips around each of Joy's taunt nipples.  Joy jerked as the shock of the touch jumped through her. 

It was so sensual watching the two women kiss and touch Joy's suspended naked body. Each kiss caused Joy to moan in delight.  Each caress caused her to twitch in anticipation.  Slowly, they worked their mouths and tongues over Joy's breasts and face, each one pausing at length to kiss Joy deeply, sharing tongues and tastes.  

Beth was now straddling Joy's outstretched hand as she suckled Joy's breast, giving Joy the opportunity to work her fingers into Beth's pussy.  From my seat, I had the perfect view of Joy's two fingers fucking Beth's pussy as Beth sucked and licked Joy's breasts. I could tell from Beth's reactions that Joy must have been hitting Beth's g-spot perfectly as Beth bucked and squirmed in delight.
