 The Boss has a new PA.

Charley started this morning, hanging up her denim jacket and snaking slowly across the office towards Kate’s old desk. Kate quit last Friday – she said he’d been ‘harassing’ her. Her replacement: this sexy, full-breasted blonde with tortoiseshell glasses giving her a deceptively innocent look.

Glasses or no, she walks like a lap dancer. 

She’s wearing a black halter-neck top that leaves her shoulders bare and holds those beautiful breasts forward and proud. A short black skirt pulls tight over her buttocks and a pair of wickedly high heels makes her nearly as tall as I am. She’s wearing an ankle chain too, subtly slutty in gold, and she knows it makes us stare.

Behind me, someone automatically mutters, ‘Slut’, but I’m too busy watching her arse and hips as she passes me and keeps walking to the end of the office.

Unseen by my colleagues, I run one hand down my thigh; she’s gorgeous – and she’s loving flaunting it. Watching her, I’m loving it too.

Black suit, blond hair, the Boss throws open his office door. She giggles as she takes his hand, pushes her glasses coquettishly upwards. Stepping back to indicate her desk, his eyes are everywhere – this was the ‘harassment’ that mousy Kate objected to – but Charley seems to flourish under the attention. 

I have a sudden, unavoidable image of her on her hands and knees, that full and tempting arse raised… and I’m catching my breath, my nipples suddenly demanding and clearly visible through the fabric of my blouse. Smiling to myself, I lean back shamelessly to keep watching.

Under the desk, my cunt is warming against my chair. I shift my hips, enjoying the feeling; the image doesn’t leave my mind. I’m watching her speaking to him, imagining her over my lap. My hand is coming down on her soft flesh and she’s whimpering, writhing, wanting more… when I test her with a fingertip, she’s gorgeously wet.

She takes her chair. The Boss vanishes back into his office.

Leaning back, I watch her openly; I hear my colleagues muttering darkly behind me and ignore them. I can see her legs under her desk, tanned and bare. She’s curvaceous and full-bodied, her legs are smooth and shapely; as she crosses them, she gives me a flash of shockingly scarlet panties.

She looks straight at me over her glasses, blushes and looks away.

Over her desk, the clock reads just past nine. Sandra’s making coffee, asking if anyone wants one and the early morning news is being monotoned by the radio. Charley pushes her glasses up again and turns on her PC.

As she does so, she crosses her legs the other way, giving me a second tempting flash.

I can’t be sure from here, but I think she’s shaven. I can almost see her lips pressed against the satin fabric.

A rush goes through me at the thought: she’s not going to tease me like this and get away with it.

Picking up my black leather notebook, I stand up and walk out from behind my desk. My height makes her notice me – I’m past six foot in my heels – and I’m wearing a dark red suit that shows off my long legs and broad shoulders. My hair is caught up and my nipples are still blatant and wanton. I’m not wearing a bra and they bounce against the soft cotton of my blouse, tantalising.

She watches, lowering her glasses to look at me, wide-eyed, over them. Her eyes are a very bright blue. As I approach her she leans forwards, her stance pushing those gorgeous breasts together.

I make no secret of enjoying the view.

Then I slap the notebook on the desk. She jumps with a slight squeal.

‘This is a tight little community, Charley; we work very hard for ourselves and each other.’ She’s glancing at my nipples and I can see her squiggle slightly on her chair. ‘These stats should be back on my desk by 10:00am. See they are.’

I turn on my heel and stalk back down the office, knowing she’s watching my tight arse and the way my suspenders can be seen through the fabric of my skirt. The skirt’s slight split just shows my stocking tops – my colleagues hate it; they call me ‘The Bitch’ when they think I’m not listening.

Debs gives me a filthy look as I pass her and I smile back, a warm sense of anticipation growing between my thighs. I’m going to have that gorgeous blonde on her back by the end of the day; I’m going to make her please me and I’m going to have her begging me to please let her come… I’m picturing her smooth cunt, feeling her warmth around my tongue and fingers; the image is exciting and the warmth in me rises.

I throw myself back in my chair, tempted to run my hands over my breasts but it’ll only make them all stare, uptight and ‘tut-tut’ disapproving. The clock says four minutes past nine; Charley has fifty-six minutes to do those stats for me or, by Christ, she’s mine.

The Boss’s door opens. He beckons to Charley and she follows him. The door closes.

Shit.

Behind me, someone snickers. I ignore them and rattle my long red nails on the desktop, annoyed. I know the Boss’s wiles and weaknesses only too well – she’ll be under his desk within moments, her soft pink lips round his cock…

The thought makes me hotter; my cunt’s aching for attention. I’m tempted to go up to the ladies and masturbate to a silent, savage climax – but it seems like such a waste when she’s so close.

Uncaring, I rub my hands thoughtfully over my breasts, contemplating the Boss’s door. Sandra stares, horrified; I glare back at her with one eyebrow raised and she looks away. My nipples are standing proud – they feel really good. Christ, I’m horny.

Oh, fuck this.

Standing up once more, I cast a slow, cold smile round at my colleagues, pick up my briefcase and strut up the office. Silence follows me. As I reach Charley’s desk, I’m wondering whether I’m just going to throw that door open --

Beside it, there’s a small window, blind pulled down discreetly. In spite of myself, I pause… and I can see him. Catching him is a fantastic thrill; it's makes the heat between my thighs rise and I bite my lip. 

He’s fucking her – already. She’s astride his lap. His hands are on her glorious, full breasts, freeing them from her top. Helping him, she unfastens it and pulls it over her head, loosing them completely. They're beautiful, much more than a handful with large, dark and very hard nipples... Gods, I want to touch them, taste them. My belly’s on fire; I slide my hands over my body, wondering if they will look up and see me.

He crushes her breasts together, buries his nose and tongue between them, turns to one and then the other, licking and sucking those tempting nipples into trembling eagerness. She’s stroking his hair, whispering at him - I can't hear what she says but I can guess. Her skirt has been pushed up over her lovely tanned arse and his hands move to cup her cheeks, lift her so he can fuck her harder - long, swift strokes that leave her crying out, her face flushed with pleasure.

I'm trembling; really wet now. He says something to her and she gracefully rises from him - God his cock is hard! - unlatches her skirt and stands before him, curvy and beautiful and naked but for those wickedly high heels and the mischievous wink of the ankle chain.

He stands; she kneels. I murmur in pleasure as she takes him in her mouth, enjoying him and the taste of herself. Her hands caress his thighs, cup his balls. Leaning forwards, transfixed, I find myself overbalancing and rest a hand on the window--

Both heads turn. They can see me through the blinds. For a stunned moment, no-one moves.

They exchange a glance; she blushes, he laughs. Then she stands up once more, smiling, showing herself off to me.

He raises one hand and beckons me in.

An electric rush goes through me, I can feel moisture between my thighs... he beckons again, more insistently. She's smiling at me, her gaze sweetly lowered. With a deep breath that pulls me to my full height, I throw open the door and step through, closing it sharply behind me. I stand, arms folded, glaring at Charley, ‘What the hell do you think you’re doing?’ 

‘Sit down,' the Boss tells me, softly. ‘You’ll get your… stats.’ 

Charley winks at me and giggles, glancing me up and down. Then she turns her back to him and leans forwards over the table, thrusting out her gorgeous arse.

Smiling like a tiger, he slides into her, making all of us groan with the intensity of it.

I decide to enjoy the show, removing my panties to do so properly - they're wet anyway, and now they're on the floor. I slide my skirt up to show stockings, suspenders and bare thighs, spread my legs in the chair to show them both how I feel. Watching me begin to stroke myself, he starts to fuck her with a deep, strong rhythm.

She throws her head back and loves it.

My cunt is wet and eager, my clit full and hard. Watching him fuck this woman, his hands holding her breasts, is making me lick my lips with anticipation. As he thrusts, my fingers are sliding into myself; he withdraws, they're circling my clit. She's very vocal, pushing her arse towards him and pleading with him, 'Fuck me; fuck me hard'. 

I pause, raise my fingers to my mouth to taste myself, and then sliding them the length of my wet, hungry pussy. I want them both to touch me; I want fingers, tongues, cunt and cock. I'm leaning right back in my chair, really enjoying myself, now; so many possibilities...

No, I’m not going to wait.

I know I must be flushed, breathing deeply. I stand up, showing myself off. Still fucking, they watch as I open my jacket, unbutton my blouse and raise my hands to caress my breasts, roll my nipples between thumb and finger. I shrug both garments from my shoulders, showing my smooth muscle tone, and continue to run my hands over my body, tempting them, making them want me. They pause, transfixed, and I turn around to step out of my skirt, showing them my tight arse, my hot cunt.

When they’ve had a good look, I walk towards them both.

She's breathless at what she sees. I tell him he’s going to watch her lick me – and he can’t touch until I say so. Flushed, hard and horny, he acknowledges my authority. But I first, I tell him, he can have a taster.

I catch her eye - a flash of a glance and she seems to understand. As he pauses unsure, we both go to our knees in front of him.

Jesus... The word is a breath in his throat, almost disbelieving. He rests a hand on each of our heads - one blonde, one brunette - and watches us exchange a long, eager kiss. She tastes musky, male - and her tongue is sexy and sensual. I imagine it in my cunt, mine in hers, him watching and wanking... 

His body shakes as we both turn to him, tongues and lips caressing the length of his cock. I can taste how hard he is – his skin is smooth and warm; it's making me want him badly. I close my mouth over him, pull him deep into my throat for a few long strokes, then let him go and she does the same thing. His hands coax each of us to move. He tastes good, feels fantastic; as she lets him go, I wrap my hand around him and wank him firmly, gently, letting her tongue and lips stroke his head.

I feel her hand between my thighs. She pauses for a moment as she realises how wet I am and then two - no, three - of her fingers slide into me. I catch a trembling sigh and we both turn back to kissing, licking, sucking his cock and each other.

He’s trembling, his breath is short and shallow, and his balls are tight under him. He’s going to come - and soon.

I stand up. 'That’s enough. Lay down.' 

For a moment he thinks I mean him – but my eyes are on her, brooking no defiance. With a final parting caress, she releases him and lays on the office carpet, thighs apart and arms stretching above her head.

Christ, she’s gorgeous. For a moment I want to just grab, like a schoolboy.

Instead, I stand over her, the muscles of my long legs smooth and fluid. She’s looking up at the darkly flushed folds of my cunt; her sigh tells me I’m an enticing sight. I part my lips with my fingers, stroking myself and he watches us both, his cock trembling-hard.

‘You,’ I tell him, ‘Stay where you are. You’ll get your… stats.’

Coming down to one knee, I lower my eager pussy to just out of her reach. I hear her inhale, sigh softly at my scent; I’m wet and waiting and a rush of anticipation is tightening my belly. She raises her hands, runs them up my thighs, my hips, trying to pull me down. 

I twist one hand in her blonde hair. ‘What do you say to me?’

‘Please… ‘

Slowly, prolonging the anticipation, I lower myself to her mouth.

He stands there, watching us as if we’re every teenage fantasy he’s ever had. His mouth is open - as if in disbelief, his hand on his cock is still - as if forgotten. For a moment, I’m aware of him, then I feel her tongue sliding between my wet lips and my breath hisses in my teeth.

‘Yes, that’s it.’ 

My head goes back, my hands caress my body, my breasts. And I start to fuck her mouth, circling my hips to ride her as I would do a man. She’s whimpering in the back of her throat, her tongue matching my rhythm as she rests her hands on my stockinged thighs and tries to pull me closer.

She’s eager; she wants – needs – to please me. I wrap my hands in her hair, dragging her head up to meet me and then ride her mouth like a belly-dancer, fucking her tongue with sensual abandon.

‘Jesus,’ he says, again. Still moving to enjoy the fervour of the girl under me, I meet his gaze. He’s stroking himself at the sight of us, but carefully – as if he’s resisting the urge to come. ‘My briefcase,’ I tell him, ‘Front pocket. Pass me what you’ll find there.’

For a second, it seems that he won’t be ordered like that. I rise up, beneath me Charley gives a small moan of disappointment. ‘Just do as I ask.’

He does, passing me the black velvet wrap that covers my beautiful, ribbed glass dildo; in my hand, it feels determined and strong. While he stands, staring and speechless, I turn around so I’m facing Charley’s feet and demand she spread her thighs wider as I’m going to fuck her until I make her scream.

She’s muttering, ‘Oh my God, oh my God…’ I’m still kneeling over her, my cunt over her face – once again out of her reach. But now she’s spread for me, her smooth lips open and ready.

‘Oh my God, please…’

Instead, I brush her belly with my lips. It’s soft, curved, sexily feminine – not slender waist or hardened abs, this is the wanton, impatient body of a real woman.

I kiss her belly, nip her gently, run my tongue teasingly around her cunt and over her thighs. I breathe in her scent. She smells good; of warm skin, faintly citrus body wash and of her own arousal. 

Lightly, I begin to taste her. Under me, she sighs and writhes; her hips lift almost off the carpet and I laugh softly at her reaction. She has a lovely cunt, open like a rose and flavoured with that rich, slightly sour tang; she’s so wet that my tongue slides in the taste of her. I lean down to enjoy it properly, my tongue slowly licking deeper inside her while she cries out beneath me.

I feel her hands on my arse, then her thumbs parting my lips. The touch makes me crave more; with a flash of determination, I twitch myself out of her way and reach for the dildo.

I hear him mutter something, I don’t hear what. I bring the toy to my mouth to moisten it, I tease her lips with its clear glass tip… then I plunge it into her. 

Hard.

She screams, her whole body flexing.

I remove it, leaving her empty and gasping with reaction.

‘You like that?’

‘Yes…’

‘You want more?’

‘Fuck, yes…’

‘What do you say to me?’

‘Please!’

‘Good girl.’ The crystal-clear glass is misted with her arousal, running with moisture. This time, I slide it slowly, slowly, slowly, then begin to thrust it into her, twisting it with each stroke to allow the ribbed texture to drive her crazy.

She’s inarticulate now, pleading with me, telling me how good – Christ how good! – that feels. Her lips are deeply flushed and swollen, her hips are pushing towards my penetration, silently asking for more, faster, please. I lean down and flick my tongue over her thrusting-hard clit as I fuck her and she shivers, crying aloud.

Her pleasure washes through me, making my cunt pulse with a definite, overpowering sense of need. I can’t take this much longer; I give in to her at last, lowering myself back to her mouth. As her lips and tongue reach me, the sudden, blood-hot feedback of sensation has me gasping. 

I know I’m going to come hard and I fuck her all the harder, sucking on her clit as if it were a tiny cock.

She’s thrusting back up for me, fucking my mouth in return. Her tongue is making warm, fluid circles over my clit that have me groaning with sweet rushes of absolute pleasure. Like this, we could get lost in the feedback-loop of pure, wanton gratification.

But I become aware of a body, kneeling behind me. Hands, gently caressing my arse.

In the midst of my whirl of lust, attunement and abandonment, I am suddenly pinned, focused. Charley’s warm, agile tongue is coaxing me, caressing me; I am fucking her deeply and swiftly, my lips enjoying the taste of her quivering clit.

And then I am being fucked myself, a hot smooth cock is thrusting intensely into me, withdrawing, thrusting again. Beneath me, Charley’s eager tongue caresses us both, but her strokes have become shaky, erratic – with the doubled pressures of pleasure that are carrying me, she’s going to come, I can feel it.

As the pleasure peaks, she starts to shiver. I withdraw the glass dildo, laying it aside and just bury my face in her, loving the ecstasy that’s coming off her in waves. Her hips rise from the carpet; it’s a great wash of release, breaking over her and through me and I find myself coming too, pulling away from that eagerly thrusting cock to grind myself against Charley’s tongue.

I cry out, ‘oh, yes, oh, yes, oh, yes..!’ and a hot splash across my arse and thighs makes me smile, unseen.

Beneath me, Charley subsides, aftershocks making her shudder. He helps me to me feet, looking me up and down with a slight smirk.

I stand tall, challenging him to comment.

‘Get back to your desks, both of you,’ he says. He eyes us, smiling at a thought he won’t share. I retrieve my suit and blouse, Charley sits up, passes a hand through her tousled hair. ‘No more timewasting. I’ll see you both, in here, at half-five.’

He picks up his tie, saunters back to behind his desk and grins.