 While members of the Club were delighted to learn that the monthly Club gatherings, with a few minor adjustments, could continue unimpeded, it must be pointed out that all of the current members had active sex lives irrespective of the Club activities. The monthly gatherings were merely a convenient way to meet new members, socialize on a broader scale with sexually active seniors and engage in more comprehensive group sessions. The friendships made there were leveraged for sexual bouts throughout the month. 

Still, many Club members liked the thrill of the chase and they interacted with other members of the Senior Community Center to seek new thrills outside the bounds of the Club's gatherings. They found that there were pockets of groups that more or less met regularly to line up sexual dates and there were more timid members of the larger community who were there for the asking, so to speak. 

One of the more daring couples in the Club is Annie and Thomas Bettinger. In their early 70's, they had been swingers for decades before they moved to the Senior Community Center. No one can guess from their appearance and demeanor that both are skilled lovers and open to almost any form of sexual contact. They look like the models for grannie and grandpa. 

Annie dresses the part. She always wears her silver hair in a tight bun. She puts on little make-up; just light coloring to her smooth-as-velvet cheeks and a touch of lipstick. She dons shifts with long hems and loose waists. No cleavage peeks at all. Yet, those fortunate enough to end up in bed with her, find she is superb at oral sex . She knows all the tricks for getting a man hard and keeping him on edge. And she has never run across a woman whom she couldn't bring to climax. In contrast to polite public conversation , Annie has an earthy provocative vocabulary during sex that is second to no woman. Especially when she becomes passionate. A tall, slender woman at 5' 8" , her long legs are eager to wrap around a man. She is on the skinny side; even with the onset of age her breasts are barely a B cup and she hardly weighs 120 pounds. Not a femme fatale at all, but a popular sex partner by word of mouth. 

Thomas resembles his wife physically. He is a little under six feet tall and quite the beanpole. He eats heartedly but tips the scales at only 135 pounds. Thomas always dresses conservatively. He wears a tie for breakfast! And like his wife he does not appear to be attractive to the opposite sex. No one can tell that this man can attain nearly a 9 inch erection and can sustain it for as long as most men ten or 15 years his junior or more. Women usually gasp when they see what is in store for them. True, these days he can ejaculate just once in a session, but he's also a world-class pussy-eater with an unusually long tongue and skill to match. They have always been much in demand. Both favor same-room sex with couples as both like to see their partners having pleasure and now and then both pick up some nuances or new tips for their private love-making bouts . 

Annie is a social butterfly and likes to organize parties. When there was a doubt about the future of the Club she took the initiative to organize a swapper's dinner party at their villa. It was limited to four couples and four singles. Two of the singles and one of the couples had recently moved into the Community but were not members of the Club. This was a mixed group of Club and non-Club members but one that was sexually oriented. 

Several of the women had never been with Thomas and only a few of the men had been with Annie. After dinner the men and women would pair up. Rule: no one could end up with a partner or date. There were no other restrictions. The Bettingers had enough bedrooms and couches to accommodate everyone if they chose to remain to play, instead of heading off for residences. 

Annie made sure everyone got to know one another. She allowed people to pick their table partners. As often as not, this was the way people ended up together but sometimes in the cross conversations other arrangements were made. 

Annie had her eye on one of the male newcomers, Dan Garfield, a widower. A six-footer with a solid physique, he looked like a good potential playmate, so she steered him to a place beside her but also gave him the opportunity to chat with a widow across the table. (This was Helen an experienced Club member.) Dan had been recommended by and vouched for one of the Club's old timers, but he was not yet a Club member. He was a bit quiet but obviously had a wandering eye and had been involved in numerous discreet affairs during his marriage, which his wife had condoned because she was one of those women who, if she were in Europe would have been delighted if her husband took a mistress, because she did not really like sex. 

In the byplay at dinner, Annie tried to bring Dan out of his shell. 

"Dan, I am happy you could join us. We're free spirits here. If you have a yen to be with anyone, let me know and I'll see if she is free. Or if you would like to be with a couple, I'll point out the ones who would welcome a threesome." 

"Oh, I thought I could be with you, since we are sitting together," Dan said disappointed. 

"Wise choice, Dan," Annie laughed. "Would you like to join Thomas and me for a foursome?" 

"I've enjoyed threesomes with friends but I am shy about group sex. Actually, I have never been in a foursome." 

"Well, do you want to try? We can ask Helen if she would like to be with Thomas. We can all fit nicely together on our extra large King-sized bed or we can use separate beds in our guest room. " 

Dan hesitated and before he responded, Helen, who could not help overhearing them, piped in: 

"I would love to have a foursome with you and Annie, Dan. If Thomas does not wear me out, you can be with me, too." It should be noted that Helen and Thomas had teamed up several times in the past and she was used to be thoroughly ravaged by his wonderful cock. 

"Well, it is settled then. I'll tell Thomas before he lines up something else." With that she walked over to another table where Thomas was chatting with one of the new couples. 

Rejoining them, Annie said: " We're in business, folks." 

Dan was reluctant not because he wasn't keen to try something new but because he was concerned about living up to these experienced ladies' expectations. 

"Ok, I' m game but you two should know that I am not too well endowed. About average size I guess."

"Dan, no woman likes to gag on a big cock. I and Helen can tell you that while we love being pleasured by having Thomas inside us, it is no mean feat to give him head," Annie said soothingly. 

"You're probably the right size for my mouth," Helen pitched in. 

"Don't eat too much salt for dinner, Dan. I'm on a low salt diet," Annie giggled.

"No problem there. I have to watch my blood pressure, too," Dan said getting involved with the frivolities. 

"Annie, would you mind if we just used separate beds to get started? I feel more comfortable with that arrangement," Dan added. 

After dinner, everyone had paired up nicely. Several couples opted to head home, but one couple stayed put for a private session right on a living room couch, while Dan, Thomas, Helen and Annie headed for the Bettinger's guest room.

Actually, Dan was eager to see what Helen looked like naked. He had seen her several times at breakfast and admired her figure. Unlike Annie, Helen was buxom - 36 C's at least - and had child-bearing hips. She was built for comfort as the saying goes. At 150 pounds and 5' 6" she was a real handful. What Dan did not know was that Helen was one of the few women in the Club who had a deep enough birth passage to take Thomas' full length without his bumping up against their cervixes. With many of the others, he had to back off a bit. Helen loved sex but was not multi-orgasmic. Usually, one deep orgasm was enough to satisfy her and it took her a little longer than other women to get there. That is why she appreciated Thomas' staying power. But even if she couldn't cum she was grateful for a good fuck. And she expressed her appreciation vocally, which all her male partners found thrilling. 

Dan was equally keen to unclothe Annie, as he liked thin women. It was easier to maneuver them into a variety of positions and he found it much easier to eat them out.

"Do you want to undress me, Dan?" Annie asked, as they stood by one of the single beds.

"I'd like to see you strip, Annie. Please do it slowly. I want to admire you." 

Annie nodded and shrugged off her shift, revealing her modest lingerie. She turned her back to him and took off her bra, then turned to get his reaction. 

Dan was delighted by her youthful figure. Her small breasts did not sag much and she had prominent nipples. He moved closer to take one nipple in his mouth. 

"Don't bite too hard, Dan. They're sensitive. Sorry, I haven't bigger tits for you to play with," she pouted. 

"Annie more than a mouthful is superfluous. I think your tits are just fine." 

While Dan explored Annie's tits with his hands and mouth, she was busy unbuckling his belt and pulling down his zipper. She gently grasped his cock, which was now at half mast and said: 

"You've got nothing to be ashamed of Dan. That's a beautiful cock. Let's get it harder." 

Dan stepped out of his pants and shorts and stood by while Annie squatted on her heels and gave him a blow job. She held his balls in the palm of one hand and slowly massaged them. At the same time she twirled her tongue around his cockhead. She began to taste precum as he almost swelled to full length, so she abruptly stopped. She squeezed abruptly the base of his cock to bring him down a bit and said: 

"It's my turn, Dan. Get ready to eat some juicy pussy."

She adroitly slipped out of her panties and assumed a position on her back on the bed to facilitate his mouthing her. Her legs were spread wide and she was in a half sitting position, supported by pillows against the headboard, so she could watch and give him directions. 

Dan stripped down completely and crawled on his belly until he was ready to dine at the Y. He took a moment to check out her pussy, which was a natural full bush of silver- colored, twirled hair, barely concealing a narrow slit. Annie never had children so she was still very tight. So tight that some of the men in her age group came almost a few minutes after penetration. She got around that to some extent by having them get her extra juicy by fingering or cunnilingus. She could cum a lot through pussy eating. Usually a couple of shallow orgasms that served to lubricate her well in anticipation for their entering her. 

"Annie, you have a nice pussy." He took a deep breathe and exhaling said: "Wow, you smell great. Really sexy." 

With a faint grunt of pleasure, Dan began licking the sides of Annie's thighs, switching from one side to the other. He took his time and awaited a sign she was ready for more, which came in the flow of her juices and a deep sigh.

Dan began to nibble at Annie's pussy lips and alternately snaked his tongue inside her. He was scoring points as Annie responded: 

"Keep that up, Dan. Keep licking me til I tell you to go for my clit," Annie moaned. 

Dan decided to insert his middle finger in her cunt and search for her G Spot while moving his kisses upwards towards Annie's clit. Apparently he got the right spot, for Annie groaned:

"Oh, sooo good, Dan. So good. You're priming me sooooo good. " 

Annie's hips began to grind against Dan's mouth and then she screamed:

"Goddamn! Suck my clit! Do it now. Now!"

Dan did not have to pop her clit. It was extruding out of her slime, so it was easy for him to latch onto it with his lips. He slowly sucked it while keeping his middle finger engaged inside her cunt. 

"Holy shiiiiiit! I'm cuuuuuuuming!" Annie screamed. Her body then jerked as her orgasm hit her.

Catching her breath, she pleaded: " Don't you dare stop now! I got another cum left," and she pressed his head against her pussy.

Dan was impressed. He had not expected her to be multi-orgasmic so he pressed forward with his fingering and tongue lashing. It seemed like only seconds later that Annie screamed again:

"Yees, Yeees, God. Yeeeees. It's so goooooood!." 

Now while Dan was eating out Annie, Thomas was plowing Helen's furrow doggy-style til she was gasping for breath. She was completely turned on by Annie's screams. 

"Thomas, fuck the shit out of me! I got to cum so bad! I cannot stand it anymore," she hollered. 

Being the good cocksman he was Thomas stepped up the pace, grabbed Helen's hair and brutally gave her a series of deep, fast strokes that forced her off her knees onto her tummy. With a loud wail, she screamed out her climax: 

"UUUUUUUUUUH! AAAAAAAAAAAH.! OOOOOOOOOOOOOH! OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOH!" 

Helen was splayed out on the bed, completely satisfied. Regaining her breath, she mumbled: 

"Thomas, you wasted me. That was one of the deepest orgasms I have ever had."

Her erotic sounds were not wasted on Dan and Annie. 

"Dan, give me a good fucking. I want your cock now!"

Heeding her plea, Dan scooted up the bed and got on all fours, resting his weight on his forearms on either side of her head. In a smooth movement, Annie slipped under his body, raised her legs, spread wide, to wrap around his waist in order to maneuver his cock into her now dripping cunt.

"Give me a good bounce, Baby: Bounce me real good!" 

Dan penetrated her quickly and rhythmically slow-dicked Annie, making the bed springs hum.

"Yeah, Dan. Yeah, Dan. You're fucking me damn good. God, I love it! I love it!" Annie moaned passionately, working towards another orgasm. 

Now Dan did something that surprised Annie. He moved his body forward, so that his cock was entering her at a nearly vertical angle. He then sat up on his haunces and rearranged her legs, holding them with both hands over her breasts towards her head. In that position his pelvic hit her clit every time he plunged inside her. And he did it by withdrawing his cock almost entirely from her cunt and then suddenly slamming inside her as hard as he could. After several deep thrusts to the hilt, he withdrew his cock and ran it along her slot over her protruding clit before plunging again into her depths. The repetition of these movements was driving Annie insane. Her previous steady build-up was turning into a tsunami wave. 

"OH, my fuuuucking God! That is so fucking great! You're going to make me cum again! Quick! Quick! Give it to me you sweet fucker! Harder! Harder!"

"Yeah, Annie, get there, Baby! I'm ready to drop my load." 

"Shit, go for it! Spray your cum inside me. Just do it!" 

With all the erotic chatter around him and Annie's tight grip on his cock he was helpless and groaned loudly as he spurted: "Ahhhhhhhhh! 

That was highly erotic to Annie and as Dan was spurting inside her she came again. This time screaming like a banshee in a ragged, rising crescendo of drawn-out shrieks: 

OOOH! OOOOOH! OOOOOOOOOH! OOOOOOOOOH! Her head snapped back and she racked Dan's back with her nails. When they disentangled for a breather, Annie apologized.

"Dan, I couldn't help it! You got me so good! What a fantastic lover you are! Where in the hell did you learn that position?"

"An old girl friend who was into yoga and Eastern sex practices. She knew the major positions in the Kama Sutra and in a Chinese text so we tried out many of them. That one gets a woman off good but it is hard on a man's cock and back. Even though you don't weigh much, I could not have kept it up much longer, without throwing my back out. I don't remember the name for it." 

Both Helen and Thomas had watched the denouement of Dan's performance and were equally amazed. Thomas was so distracted that he lost his erection just as Helen was deep throating him. They both applauded and gave Dan a thumbs up. 

Noticing her husband's limp cock, Annie asked: "Helen, do you want to have the honors of finishing Thomas off?" 

"Sure thing. My mother told me to always finish a meal," she chortled. 

She went back to deep-throating Thomas. Stepping up her game, she inserted a finger into his anus and massaged his prostate. Dan and Annie watched enthralled as this woman was able to take all nine inches of Thomas down her throat. Thomas responded by blowing his gasket and shooting off a modest amount of sperm. He was a man of few words, even in the throes of sex, so all he could muster was a groan of intense sexual relief. 

Because of the intensity of their respective sexual bouts, everyone was sated. Annie asked Dan what he thought of participating in a foursome.

Dan replied enthusiastically: "It was better than I had imagined. Maybe, next time we can use your King-sized bed." 

"I second that," Helen chipped in. Thomas just grinned. 

"Dan, you are a welcome addition to our group," Annie said. "There will be plenty of couples who will want you to join them. But, If you have any more tricks up your sleeve I want you to try them out on me first!" To be continued. 

*****

Footnote: The position Dan used is best suited for people who still are agile, but only if the male has enough upper body strength to lift his partner's legs and hold out until she cums, without harming himself. Dan was probably thinking of a variant of the Tao sex position called the Deep Chamber. Men have to be fit to pull off this position without straining or injuring their backs.