 The teacher despite her conservative appearance was giving me an excellent blowjob. She stopped for a minute to gently push me into a sitting position on her office couch then continued to give me a good licking. I undid the bun in her hair and ran my hands through it as she bobbed her head up and down on my rock hard prick. She knew what she was doing as she ran her tongue up and down my shaft and around the ridge of my thick meat helmet. I was getting ready to explode when she suddenly stopped, she said "We can continue this later my Mr. Weaver.... after class." I smiled at her and put my hard cock back in my pants reluctantly and followed her back into class. Nothing could have prepared me for the sight I walked back into, the entire class had practically turned into an orgy.

The slim blonde now was kneeling in front of the big guy and had his pants open and was giving him a blowjob too. Even the shy guy over in the corner of the room had gotten in to it, he was being attended to by the plump ebony beauty and the athletic girl, they were taking turns licking his hard rod as well. The teacher looked around the room at all the action going on and said "Well it looks like I’ve lost control, oh what the hell it is the last class anyway!" Just then Kelly came skipping over to the teachers desk and if asked there was anything she could to do assist her (she was always a teachers pet). The teacher responded "Alright Kelly why don't you continue to give Mr. Weaver a blowjob while I get ready." "OK" Kelly said then she reached over and unzipped my pants and pulled out my stiffening cock and began to pump it to get me even more aroused. She then lowered her head and began to engulf my pulsing dick. Like the teacher she also had a very talented mouth and had me back to the brink of cumming in no time. I could not hold back and I shot my sperm into her hot mouth, she swallowed almost every drop but some dribbled out down her throat and into her awesome cleavage. By this time the teacher had striped down to her bra and thong panties  she saw that I had already blown my load in Kelly's mouth and she said that she would have to occupy herself with Kelly until I could recover.

Kelly began to take off her dress and as I always suspected she wore no bra, her mammoth melons swayed enticingly and already i felt my cock beginning to revive. She moved over to the teacher and reached around to unfasten her bra and the teachers breasts were revealed. They were not as large as Kelly's but still big, they were more firm, and perfectly tanned to match the rest of her body. She saw me staring at her and she said "I have to keep in shape James, I also go to nude beaches and lay out most of the day, do you like what you see?" "Oh Yes!" i responded eagerly. She then began to caress and lick Kelly's tits, moving slowly downward and taking a big nipple into her mouth (they almost as big as strawberries). She pulled so hard on it with her lips and teeth that the whole tit began to jiggle and shake, she then made her way to the other one and did the same thing. My cock was almost ready for some hot pussy but I decided to look around the room to see what else was happening. The slim blonde and the big guy had switched positions and he now had his face buried in her thick blonde bush, the ebony beauty had mounted the shy guy and was riding him gently while the athletic one was nibbling at her 36 DD breasts. 

I turned back to see that Kelly was leaning against the white board while the teacher was on her knees and was licking her pussy. I went over and gave Kelly a wet kiss she responded by shoving her tongue into my mouth while grabbing my jutting dick and giving it gentle squeeze. While she was still squeezing my cock i leaned down to play with her big tits with my mouth like the teacher had done before. I then got behind the teacher and began playing with her tits, rolling the nipples between my thumb and forefingers. I got down farther trying to take off her panties, she obliged me as much as she could while keeping her face between Kelly's legs. Once I got them to her ankles she stepped out of them and I separated her cheeks to get to her wet snatch with my mouth. I tongue fucked her for a few minutes until she got up, cleared her desk, got on her back on top of it and spread her legs inviting me to give her a real fucking. I obliged her by first removing all of my clothes then getting into position between her tanned thighs and took her legs in my hands and pumping into her slowly. Kelly got behind me while I was fucking and grabbed my balls and began to milk them while kissing my neck and pushing her huge tits into my back.

I moaned loudly as my cock began to pump its joy juice into her spasaming cunt while Kelly milked my balls for all they were worth. I and the teacher came at the exact same time both of us moaning like animals, after my orgasm I collapsed into the teachers chair. Kelly gave me an amused look and said "Is that all you've got?" I said no and asked her to wait just a minute while I recovered. "Well while I’m waiting" Kelly responded then got between the teachers legs and began to lap my cum out of her. While I had a break I decided to look around at all the other action around the room again. In the corner I saw that the athletic girl had the shy guy lying on the floor and was riding him good, all I could see was her ass moving back and forth on his hips. The black girl had joined the big guy and the blonde, he was doing the blonde doggie style while she had her face in the black girls furry bush.

I turned my attention back to the Kelly and the teacher and found them in 69 position on the desk. All the action in the room had gotten me horny again and I positioned myself behind Kelly and pushed my slick dick into her waiting slit. As I began to thrust harder i saw Kelly’s tits wobbling back and forth on the teachers belly and her face still between her legs. I could feel the teachers tongue flicking against Kelly’s clit and my swinging balls as I began to fuck her harder and faster. I suddenly came before I meant to and the teacher caught any stray drops with her mouth and tongue. She then began to cry out as Kelly’s talented mouth brought her to a shuddering orgasm. After she finished cumming she and Kelly got off the desk and I was surprised to find my cock still hard even after I came in Kelly’s cunt. The teacher said after she got off the desk that she had to "check" on her other students, she then left. Kelly said, "Wait a minute I haven't cum yet!" I said I would see to her and she told me I was a sweet boy, i got between her legs and began to lick my cum out of her ginger pussy. After a while of that the plump black girl joined us and I got fuck her doggie style, I loved the way her robust body moved in tune with my thrusts. I then got to tit fuck Kelly. It felt great shooting my cum all over her giant melons, then I decided to make the rounds myself.

I noticed that shy guy was busy, because he had his face in the athletic girls pussy and was receiving a vigorous blowjob from the teacher. The big guy motioned me over join him and the slim blonde, she seemed reluctant at first but he silenced her with a look. He told me his name was Kevin and the blonde was named Nadine, he asked her to give me a blowjob. Again she seemed hesitant but she finally said OK and i sat down in a desk and spread my legs, she slowly began to lick my dick as if it were a lollypop. All of the sudden she took the entire length of my cock in her mouth and it felt like she was going to suck my insides out through my prick. It was one of the greatest blowjobs i had ever had but she stopped before I could come. Kevin told me he wanted me to blow my sac in her cunt and asked what my favorite position was. I told him I had always wanted to fuck Nadine from behind because she had such a fine tail. He smiled and said "I knew that from minute she walked in because your eyes were glued to her ass." He glanced at her and she actually smiled at me for the first time in 4 weeks. She got into the position while Kevin sat in the desk so he could receive Nadine’s lip service. While they were doing that i again glanced around the room to see if anything had changed. Shy guy was now giving it to the teacher from behind while the athletic girl played with his balls and nibbled her clit. Kelly and the black girl were now enjoying a squishy 69 on top of the teachers desk, I again enjoyed the movement of Kelly’s tits while she mouthed the black girl's cunt. "Well" Nadine said, "lets get it on baby" while wiggling her round ass at me. I smiled and agreed then got in position behind her and speared her pretty pussy with my hard lance. She had such a tight cunt i could not believe that Kevin had been able to fuck her with his monster prick which was now being worshiped by her hot little mouth.

I eventually burst inside her love canal shooting my sperm deep inside her tight tummy, while i was doing that I fingered her hard clit to make her cum... and she did. I could still hear her moaning even though Kevin was cummning in her mouth and filling it with sperm. That was about it for me, I had thought I finally shot my last load of the night. I looked around to see if everybody else was as pooped as i was. The teacher, athletic girl and shy were all on the floor panting like dogs, Kelly and the black girl were still going at it though. We all gathered and watched them until they both came all over each others faces, the black girl got off the desk and said she had had enough. Kelly immediately said she had not and she wanted all of us studs to come over and jerk off for her. We looked at each other and decided "What the hell!" we all started at the same time and before you knew it Kevin was spraying her big titties with his hot cum. Next was shy spraying his on her heaving belly. She said "Well James your the last one why don't you fuck my wet cunt one last time, hmmmmm?" I said ok then began fuck her fast and furious, that action made her cum covered love-mounds bounce up and down enticingly. She began to yell "OOHHHH YEAHHH!! Fuck me good and hard you big stud!" I let out one last mighty cry as I emptied my entire sac into her already sopping slit, she came at the exact same time screaming my name. I collapsed onto her wet body and just rested for just a minute. I heard everyone around clapping and even heard Kev whistle until i heard the teacher exclaim "Boy, the janitor is going to have one big mess to clean up!" and we all laughed. We all got our clothes on and shy was the first one out, arm in arm with the athletic girl. I got the ebony beauties phone # and learned her name was Tanya. I even got the teaches name and #, she was called robin, I’ve kept in touch with her. I’ve also become friends with Kevin and Nadine and we've gotten together occasionally along with Kelly, my now girlfriend. I will always remember that one class in which I explored sex thoroughly...... in all of its positions!!!