 Author's note: I would like to show my appreciation to angel love for her editing expertise by thanking her here for editing this story and my previous one.

Walking down the road it is a beautiful Spring day. The cool breeze blows gently through your hair and ruffles your sundress. Looking back down at the address, you walk into the building before you. Per the instructions, you enter the first door on your right and feel your heart rate start to quicken. A feeling of nervousness and sexual excitement course through your body. You ease your right hand down the front of your body and press it against your clit through the thin material of your dress. Taking a quick look at your watch, you see that you are early. Untying the front of your bustier style sundress you remove it quickly and sit in the padded chair in the corner of the small room. 

Your eyes move to the door you came in and the only other door to the room. Both are closed. With your left hand you cup your breast and rub your nipple through your bra while your other hand begins to rub tight circles around your clit through your panties. Unclasping your bra, you allow it to fall off your shoulders and start teasing and tugging your nipples. 

You moan softly as you slip your fingers inside your panties and rub your clitty directly. Rubbing quick circles across your clit while you tug at your nipples you bite your lip to keep from moaning too loudly. Your hips begin to rock slightly in the chair. Your orgasm is coming. You pinch one of your nipples and tug holding on to it, the sensation of your stretched nipple and areola sending shivers through your body. Suddenly the door opens and you stop. Looking up you see me standing there dressed in a pair of casual pants, shirt, tie and shoes. I take a long peach terry cloth robe from the hook on the wall and hand it to you.

I insist we have to go and pull you to your feet. Pulling the robe up your arms I press my body against yours and kiss you quickly on the lips. I whisper that you look beautiful, obviously flush from your near orgasm, and kiss your face and neck quickly. Your arms grab me tightly. Reaching down I grasp your bare waist and slip my fingers in the sides of your panties. With one quick move your panties slide over your bare hips and down your smooth legs. You move your legs slightly allowing them to fall to the floor. My right hand moves between your legs and my fingers discover the moistness there. As you exhale deeply, I slip a finger along your clit and pussy. 

You tilt your head back allowing me access to your neck and whisper, "Oh please," in hopes I will finish your orgasm. 

Instead I remove my hand and lick your heavenly juice from my finger. Pulling your robe closed, I grasp your hand and lead you through the door I entered. Following me closely and clutching the robe in the front, you look nervously at our surroundings. We are in a small lecture hall, the seats are to your right and each row sits higher than the next. In the seats are twelve or so students both male and female. To the left are a podium, a large table and a reclining chair that is somewhat elevated from the floor. 

I pull you back to me and stand you in front of the chair. Looking into your eyes I cup your face in my hands and tell you to relax. I kiss you gently on the lips and run my hands down your neck to your shoulders slowly pushing the robe off your body. Your arms tighten for a moment trying to hold the robe in place, but as my kiss melts your resistance you relax your arms and allow the robe to fall to the floor. With my hands on your shoulders, I ease you slowly away from me and into the comfortable chair. You slowly lean back in the chair realizing that you are completely naked in front of a number of strangers. Leaning your head back you try to relax as your hands fidget, not sure whether to cover yourself, what to cover or to just run. 

As these thoughts run through your head I step away from in front of you, baring your body to the rest of the class. Suddenly the chair leans back slightly elevating your feet somewhat and tilting your head back so that you can now see me as I stand behind the podium next to you. 

I reach down gently touching your face and wink at you. As you wink back, you feel the part of the chair supporting your legs begin to spread open. I touch your shoulder as you look down and see your legs spreading before the class. Not only can they see your naked body but they can see everything! Your mind races! Only a few people have seen you in such a way and now twelve complete strangers could see EVERYTHING! 

The hairs on your arms and the back of your neck stand on end as panic sweeps your body. Gently I squeeze your shoulder sensing your panic at being on display in such a way. You watch as I look up at the class and begin the lecture. "Today's subject, stimulation of the clit and vagina . . . " 

You sit nervously as I speak for a few minutes about the female anatomy. Walking over next to your left leg, I use your body to point out the parts to the class. Your face turns beet red when I ask the class about the clit being swollen and the obvious wetness present. One of the students suggests that you recently had sex while another insists you were masturbating. 

While you are slightly embarrassed by the fact that they are so openly discussing you like this it is beginning to turn you on somewhat. My hand reaches down and touches your inner thigh as we talk about your body openly. You begin to wiggle slightly as my hand moves toward your clit, you can hear my words talking about stimulating a clit directly and jump slightly as I touch you. With one finger I slowly rub circles around your clit. 

You begin to moan slightly only to hear your moaning coming out of nearby speakers. You stop your moans as I explain to the class that I have positioned a microphone near your head so they can best hear your reactions while I stimulate you. Looking down at you I tell you to continue moaning as you desire. My finger moves quicker across your clit and once again you moan softly. 

The words of my lecture become more difficult to hear as my finger slides freely around your clit. As your orgasm builds your hands reach up and grasp your breasts, tugging at your nipples hard as you feel your body tense. My fingers move quickly across your clit, at this moment there is no classroom, no students, only your clit being rubbed furiously by my fingers. Moaning loudly you orgasm, arching your back and tweaking your nipples as you do, my fingers rub slower as your body begins to relax slightly. You giggle and cover your face with your hands while the class applauds.

The feeling of warmth that comes after your orgasm fully envelops you. My lecture continues about stimulating the clit; now using a tongue. The feeling of excitement already stirs in your body with the thought of my tongue flicking your clit running through your head. You look up to see me position a chair next to you and watch as I lean over. You gasp when you feel my tongue lightly flick your clit. I use my tongue to circle your clit quickly and then flick your clit up and down even faster. Your hips begin to rock in time with my tongue as your hands return to your breasts. 

Suddenly I suck your clit between my lips and nibble it slightly. The moans through the speakers become deeper as your hand moves to my head. Squeezing your clit between my lips, you scream out. Finally, I release it and once again lavish it with my tongue. Your deep moan pulsing out of the speakers announces your orgasm to the audience. Your hand presses the back of my head pushing and holding my mouth on your throbbing clit. You can feel the puddle of your juices flowing underneath your butt as you hold your arms tight across your body. Looking up at me, you ask how long the lecture will last. 

I lean down and kiss your lips, our tongues flick against each other coating the tip of your tongue with your own juice, when our kiss breaks I whisper, "Only another hour and a half to go." Your body shakes as an aftershock passes through you and the thought of another hour and a half of stimulation.

You listen while I explain that other items can be used in conjunction with the tongue to stimulate the clit. Looking over you watch me pull an ice cube out of the glass of water I have under the lectern. Taking the ice cube between my finger and thumb of my right hand I slowly move it between your legs. A drop of ice water falls on your bare leg. The small but very cold drop causes your body to tense, thoughts of what is to come race through your head. 

I begin talking to the class again. My words are a mere echo in your ears; your focus is on the ice cube currently running slowly back and forth over your closely shaved mound. The cold water slowly rolls down your warm flesh. Your breathing quickens slightly. You gasp when the ice cube firsts makes contact with your clit in a slow circular pattern. The small and very sensitive part of your body gets cold very quickly almost to the point of it hurting. 

Just when you think you can't take the coldness anymore, your heart racing and chest heaving, my mouth envelopes your clit. The warmth of my tongue flicking over your chilled clit slowly warms you to the core. Your orgasm starts to build as the thousands of nerve endings in your clit, which feels hotter than ever, spring back to life. Suddenly the incredibly cold sensation of the ice cube returns again rubbing up and down your clit, cold streams of water run over your throbbing pussy and down your backside. 

The speakers emit your loud guttural moans. Your clitty quickly becomes cold again sending chills up and down your entire body. Once again my mouth covers your clit sucking on it softly. The blood rushes back to your clit quickly causing it to swell and throb. You slide your feet up the recliner giving you enough leverage to lift your ass off the recliner. Frantically humping my face both hands lock behind my head making sure the ice will not return to your clit again. 

Instead my hands slide and icy path up your sides trailing cold water behind as they move. With a fresh ice cube in each hand I use the edges of them to rub quickly across your hard nipples. The sensations seem to cause time to stop and every nerve ending to intensify. You can feel your orgasm build in slow motion, every instant more pleasurable then the last, your mouth and eyes open wide but you can hear and see nothing. White snow is all that is visible in this state of sensory overload. 

When time does start again, your body feels more alive than ever. Your pussy twinges as the focus of your full body orgasm explodes between your legs bigger and longer than you've ever had before. Finally, after what seemed to be an eternity, you relax and lower yourself back onto the recliner and release your grasp of my head. Lying there you feel alive and lifeless at the same time, your sensations and emotions still racing as your entire body feels like a puddle, unable to move at all. 

The discussion now revolves around the vagina. Once again you listen to the lecture, lying there exposed to the class wondering if your breathing and pulse will ever return back to normal. You feel yourself getting more excited at the idea of our continued demonstration. As I walk around the chair, I hand you a water bottle to re-hydrate. You take a quick drink of the water and then place it in the holder near your left arm. Inhaling deeply you are finally able to relax in your current position, no longer bothered that you are on display for strangers to see. 

You look up at the ceiling and tremble in another aftershock. Once again the feeling of my hand on your thigh excites you. My hand moves up your leg slowly again until it covers your pussy and clit. You spread your legs a bit wider at my touch and my middle finger begins to move up and down your pussy. A soft moan comes through the speakers as I show the class how to tease your pussy. 

My finger moves over, around, up and down your pussy as your hands glide up and down your body and over your breasts. With ease, my middle finger slides inside you causing you to moan deeply. I begin to work my finger in and out, slowly building your excitement for the class before inserting a second finger. You moan louder as my two long fingers move in and out of your pussy freely; slopping loudly in your wetness. 

I quicken the pace slightly as I continue to talk to the class, you know that all twelve pair of eyes are staring at your wet pussy, watching my fingers move in and out and it excites you even more. I begin to twist my hand as I bring my fingers in and out of you even faster; this odd pushing sends new sensations to your brain. Your fingers grasp the arms of the chair hard turning your knuckles white, as you moan. 

You scream, "OH YES!" as your entire body grinds against my hand. Holding my fingers as far inside you as possible, I move them against each other back and forth during your orgasm. 

I take the water bottle and bring it to your mouth again as the students clap their approval. Sucking on the straw you look into my eyes. At this moment there is no one outside of the two of us. You take the bottle from my hand and finish drinking. Exhaling deeply you contentedly lay in the chair waiting the next demonstration. 

Looking over at the table your eyes focus on what is there, blinking several times it takes a second or two, when you do your entire body tingles and your heart skips a beat. Laid out on the table are a number of dildos, ticklers, and a small vibrator or two. As you stare at what is in front of you, the words I am saying to the class suddenly come through. I am talking to them about stimulation of multiple parts of the body by the use of toys or with your fingers, hands or mouth. Once again your body shudders as you look over the table wondering what will happen and when. 

As your excitement grows you feel your legs start to move upward, the chair is moving them up so that your knees are bent and your thighs are now more perpendicular to your body, the chair is also moving your knees further apart. You can feel your sticky pussy lips separate as your legs move into position. A chill runs up your spine as you now lay even more exposed than you were before. Still, you are very relaxed; all embarrassment passed after the first orgasm, even as you look over your shoulder and see your pussy on display on a screen behind you.

Walking around you I trace my hand over your head and down your arm. For a moment our fingers clench together, our connection is felt. I position myself on the stool in front of your outstretched legs and begin talking to the class again. Taking one of the dildos I rub it around your pussy coating the head with your moistness. You moan softly awaiting the feeling to come. 

The head quickly slides inside you and you softly coo as you feel it spreading you. Sliding the dildo in further you move your hips slightly to get a better angle and moan with each passing inch. With the five inch dildo all the way inside you I ask you how it feels. In a voice dripping with pleasure, you say how nice it feels inside you. Slipping it in and out of your pussy your words become moans as the smooth dildo increases your excitement level. The slow steady movement of the dildo isn't enough to drive you wild but is enough to bring up your desire in wanting more. 

After a minute of this I can tell that you want more. The slow steady moans of minor pleasure have turned to moans of frustration. Slipping the dildo out, I press the head of a second dildo against your flesh. As the head moves in, you inhale deeply, almost gasping for air, you can feel the definite head and ridge behind it. While the last one was quite smooth and silky this one has definite veins and ridges that rub against your flesh as they go in, this dildo is seven inches and thicker than the last. 

With the latex balls of the dildo pressed against your ass I ask you to tell the class how this one feels. Your words are shorter, your breathing is more rapid, and there is definite desire in your voice as you describe the fullness you feel at this moment. Sliding the dildo in and out your moans are more evident and your hips begin to move in time with it as you enjoy the thick veined cock. Even at the same pace as with the smaller dildo this new one brings your desire even higher. 

As you can feel the orgasm building very slowly, you hear me explain to the class how this will affect you. You now understand why I started with the smaller one. It's obvious that I am going to tease you to slowly build your orgasm. Slipping the dildo out of you, I glide its length over your clit before reinserting it into your pussy. Your moans grow as I do this, time and time again, building your frustration. 

In the background you can hear me explaining to the class the reason for this and how it will drive you wilder with desire and passion. Reaching down you pull the part of the chair supporting your thighs trying to keep the dildo inside you, but you can't as I continue to alternate it over your clit and in your pussy. The desperation returns to your moans as you call out my name, imploring me, almost begging me to use the dildo only in your pussy. I stop sliding the dildo over your clit; instead you feel the presence of something else. 

Suddenly a slight vibration on your clit has you curling your toes and digging your nails into the chair. You moan loudly as the new sensation brings your orgasm even closer and your hips move faster. The vibrations lessen as the dildo still moves in and out at a pace not quick enough to make you cum. Once again you call my name in frustration. In between your panting breaths, you hear me explaining something else to the class. You don't care about the class, you want to cum and you want to cum now! 


I'm telling the class how you can use sexual frustration to your advantage. The words sink in and you know what it will take to get me to make you cum. Desperately you try not to cave in, you don't want to say those things out loud, never mind having them broadcast over the room's speaker system. But the slow pace of the beefy dildo and the frustratingly low vibrations of the clit massager are holding you near the edge, you only need a little more to go all the way . . . you desperately call my name again. 

Looking up at you, I tell you that I want you to say it. You shake your head no, trying to hold out. I slowly twist the veined dildo from side to side as I insert it, driving you even crazier as I tease you. You bite your lip and clench your fists. Finally, with the last of your resistance gone, you cave in yelling loudly for me to fuck you. Your words echo through the room. Not caring who hears or what they think you say them over and over again, begging me to fuck you harder and faster. 

Immediately I turn up the vibrations above your clit and move the dildo in and out much faster. Never the less you continue to yell instructions. You can feel the orgasm growing as I slap the dildo in and out of you furiously. Finally your commands are replaced with, "OH MY GOD!" as your hips buck violently against the chair. 

A loud guttural moan/ scream fills the room as you climax. I flip the vibe off of your clit and lick your quickly flowing juice finally slowing the pumping of the dildo as your deep breathing slows. 

The dildo slides out of your throbbing pussy while the chair returns you slowly to a more upright position. 

Standing in front of you I hand you the water bottle so you can drink. In between deep breaths you suck water through the straw. Eventually I help you to your feet, leaving the robe over the table, and walk you to the other side of the room, opening the door to a small bathroom. Taking a moment you "freshen up" and relieve yourself. Your face is flush, your hair is a mess, your nipples are somewhat sore, as is your clit and pussy, but you feel fantastic. I knock lightly on the door and after washing your hands and using a warm face cloth on your pussy and clit you open it. You take my extended hand and walk back into the room barely aware that you are naked. I escort you back to the chair. 
