 Reader, I want to share an experience that I swear on my dear mother's grave is 100% true. It was the best sex I have had and I still use it as my go-to fantasy when I have difficulty getting to an orgasm when fucking or getting a blow job. Here it is. I hope it will help you too go over the edge when needed.





When she stood in the doorway of our swingers club upstairs playroom, she literally took my breath away. I had never seen anyone as beautiful as her in real life. Here was a vision of photo-shopped perfection right out of a fashion magazine in our humble Chicago den of pleasure. She was wearing a knee-length light pink chiffon designer dress with matching dainty high-heels. Her clothes could easily have graced a movie star on a red carpet. Our playroom is somewhat dark and the light behind her on the other side of the doorway shone through the thin fabric of her skirt, showing off her perfect feminine figure and slim legs. I have heard of people dying and seeing a figure in a light that calls them, her perfect figure called me. She had Nordic blonde hair just long enough to touch her bare shoulders. The cleavage of her dress was dramatically cut low almost to her navel with two strips of satin fabric tied at the top behind her long slim neck. This showed off a tantalizing amount of her perfect, braless breasts. I could imagine dipping my hand in that deep V of bare skin and slipping my hand under the soft fabric and cupping a small, firm breast. Sexy but classy. She could have been any age from early twenties to thirties; simply young, fresh perfection. I am sure every man in the room was captivated by the sight and every woman envious. 

Standing beside her was a man, no to be more accurate, a gentleman, dressed in an expensive grey tweed suit jacket and tan slacks. He was tall, athletic and handsome in a refined way like the type of rich thoroughbred horse owner that you see in the winners circle after a big stakes race. A sportsman, possibly in his late forties with just a touch of grey in his otherwise black hair. He was looking about the room like a wolf looking for prey and ignoring the beauty on his arm. As he gazed brazenly around the room, the girl held on to his arm with both hands and gently stroked his suit-covered bicep. She then leaned her head into his upper arm and closed her eyes and waited. This struck me as incredibly erotic. I could not take my eyes off of her.

Suddenly, I could feel my wife squeeze my hand and whisper, "My God, he's looking at me. He is so hot." I looked over at him and sure enough his eyes were eating her up. We had just come into the playroom ourselves looking for some action and were sitting still fully dressed on a large sofa across from the door. The man broke into a big knowing grin and walked over with his lovely wife and sat on a love seat opposite us about eight feet away. Throbbing, sexy music filled the room. He never took his eyes off my wife and didn't seem to even acknowledge his wife was there. I could see she had a huge diamond wedding ring. He sat on the edge of the loveseat leaning forward with a hand on each of his knees. His princess sat ignored and simply stroked him with her delicate manicured hands. One of her hands massaged along the back of his neck and caressed his ears while the other stroked his chest and thigh. It was insanely erotic to see him eat my wife with his eyes as he totally ignored me and his wife while she stroked him lovingly. 

Why he chose my wife that night, I will never know. Of course, she is above average in attractiveness but in a wholesome MILF sense not a model type like his wife. Doris keeps fit but her body is that of a thirty-eight year-old mother of two. His interest could be because she has long blazing Irish-red hair. Hell, that's the first thing I noticed when I saw her the day we met fifteen years ago. But more likely the attraction is that horny aura she gives off. We have only been in the swinging scene for six months but Doris has lost all her inhibitions about sex with strangers. She is a high school teacher by day but a cock crazed MILF by night. I could tell she was in heat by the way she kept squeezing my hand and purred like a cat as the gentleman came over and sat down. She definitely wanted to fuck him. A husband learns to see the signs. An expert pussy hound like him, could sense that Doris would do anything and everything he wanted, then beg for more. 

Me? I am just an ordinary horny guy with an attractive wife. I look back at my high school photos and think I was quite a stud back then but let's admit it, today I'm just a middle manager in a large company with a bit of a gut from a few too many beers and too little physical activity. But tonight the stars are aligning in the heavens and I might fuck the sweetest girl north of the Mason Dixon Line. I swear I could smell a sweet flowery perfume as she walked past and sat delicately down. 

Doris loved the attention and did everything she could to help the cause. She reached down and pulled the hem of her dress up over her thighs, revealing her red lace bikini panties. It pays to advertise is her motto. The man opposite smiled broadly, licked his lips and leaned further forward, obviously enthralled be what he saw. I was hoping his wife would copy my wife's lead and show me her undies but she just continued to stroke her man and kiss his ear and neck. He ignored her and had his entire attention drilled into Doris's womanhood. 

My dick was as hard as a rock and I was breathing through my mouth in a panting way. My brain was in total confusion. I was thinking, "What do I do now? It seemed best to wait for developments even as every ounce of testosterone in my body was clouding my brain. I wanted to run over and grab a handful of those satin covered tits but even my confused brain knew that this was the man's show and I would have to wait for him to beckon my wife and offer his in fair trade.

Fortunately the man made his move before I had a brain melt-down. He sat back and whispered in his wife's ear. She stood up and walked towards us. I swear she seemed to float in slow motion with the silken folds of her pink designer dress undulating seductively as she moved. A cloud of her sweet flowery perfume reached me before she did. As she came closer I was struck by her iridescent blue eyes that confirmed her Nordic lineage. Bending slightly she said, "Sir, my husband asks if it is okay if your wife joins him on the other sofa. If it is okay with you, I will be with you and do anything you ask." It was all I could do not to leap to my feet and pump my fist while shouting "YES! YES! YES!" But I acted nonchalant. My guess is that she asked me because in her household the man controls everything. In ours it's basically fifty-fifty but I didn't need to get Doris's okay since she was coiled like a horny Olympic sprinter at the starting line ready to dart over for a good fucking. But I did want to appear like a man in control so I said in my most manly voice, "Doris, go over there and do anything this woman's husband wants." She turned to me with a smirk on her face and said with a touch of sarcasm, "What ever you say chief." She was up and walking in a jiffy and to tell you the truth, I didn't even glance over there until hours later when we were all fucked out and ready to go home. My entire attention was on the demure young lady that had just sat down beside me.

She looked up at me with a slightly worried look. My guess is this wife-swapping was pretty new to her. She offered her small hand and said, "Hi, my name is Charlotte, nice to meet you." The sheer innocence of that took me off balance. That was likely a good thing because I was so horny by then that getting her naked and pounding my cock into her young pussy was all my primal brain was thinking. I regrouped, calmed down a bit and replied, "Nice to meet you too. My name is George." 

What to do next? I needed to slow down and speed up at the same time. I wanted to make this last and enjoy every moment. A chance like this only comes once in a lifetime. But my instincts were compelling me rush forward to get my rock hard cock into her wet tight pussy. Then it came to me. In my young dating years a buddy of mine had told me that when I was on a date and wanted to get the sexual action kicked off, just pull out your dick. Then the girl knows the small talk is over. 

I reached down and unzipped my pants, reached in and pulled out my seven inch circumcised manhood. She looked down and her eyes opened a bit wider in surprise. I put my arm around her shoulder and said, "Here, why don't you snuggle close to me and put your sweet head on my shoulder. She complied immediately and shimmied over. Her hair was soft against my cheek. I looked down at her beautiful dress and in the deep V of her top I could see the sides of her perfect, firm breasts. Her stiff nipples poked up under the sheer fabric. My fantasy to dip my hand under the dress and cup her tits could easily be realized but it was incredibly erotic to know I could and then choose NOT to do it. There would be plenty of time to do that whenever I pleased. 

I put the tips of my fingers under her chin and lifted her face up to mine. She had her eyes closed and I just looked and admired her beautiful face. She had very little makeup. Her skin was perfectly smooth and white. Her eyebrows and eyelashes were a light golden brown and a perfect match to her blonde hair. Her lush lips had a hint of pink lipstick. I had a sudden realization that those perfect lips will soon be wrapped around my hard dick. Pinch me. I kissed her and she opened her lips willingly when I probed my tongue inside. I pulled her closer with my left hand that was over her shoulder and slid my right hand to her waist. I could have cupped her breast or reached under her dress. She was totally willing and expected that. But it seemed incredibly erotic to know I could do it but chose not to. 

I stood up and stripped my clothes off in a flash looking down at her just sitting there waiting for me. She looked up and asked, "Do you want me to undress?" I smiled and nodded no. I wanted to be a dirty exhibitionist with this fully dressed young lady at my side for a bit. 

I sat down and put my arm around her shoulder again. She sat there with her hands clasped together on her lap. It felt great just sitting there totally nude with my cock standing at attention with a beautiful young girl fully dressed and waiting for my commands. 

She seemed a bit nervous. To break the ice I said, "Are you guys from here in Chicago?"

She looked up with a relieved look on her face and replied, "No, we're from Atlanta. My husband is here on business.". The chat was nice but my cock begged to be touched. I continued, "Why don't you hold my penis like a nice girl."

"Of course sir. I'm sorry. I should have thought of that myself." She reached over and wrapped her small hand around my staff . 

"My god," I thought, "She really will do anything I say." 

"No, it is best that you do just what I ask, when I ask. That way I don't have to spank your sweet ass." I have found that after those Shades of Grey books came out, the women like a bit of ass warming. In fact, I look for any excuse to find a reason a woman is "bad" so I can slap the cheeks of her ass. Never had one woman not get off on it.

Ahhh, your hand feels very good." She smiled with a phosphorus white set of perfect teeth at the compliment. "Have you gone to swinger clubs often?"

"No, this is our first time. We were a bit nervous of doing it in our home city. Somebody might have recognized my husband. So this trip to Chicago seemed a good time to try it." 

"Don't worry. You'll love it. Doris and I have been doing it often and it's great. I know how to use that cock you are holding. I am going to fuck you really good." With this she blushed deeply but to her credit she did not let go of her handful. Now, you likely think, bull shit, a woman her age in today's world wouldn't be shocked by the word FUCK. True. She likely swears like a trucker when she is with her girlfriends. Fuck this, fuck that, in idle conversation I know but I have found that when a nude strange man at a swingers club with a hard on says fuck in the "bumping uglies" context, well that gets a rise out of any woman that isn't totally battle hardened. 

"Here at these sex clubs, the women tend to start by sucking their partners cock." To her credit she immediately dived down and engulfed the head of my weapon in her hot, soft wet mouth. I groaned loudly at the sheer pleasure of it. It still gives me goose bumps when I think of that moment. She was no duffer. She started stroking my shaft as she bobbed her head up and down. It was such a magnificent feeling that I immediately started falling down the slippery slope to orgasm. I panicked and grabbed her head to still it. I could have cum in seconds and that was the very last thing I wanted to do. I grabbed a handful of soft blonde hair and jerked her head off my cock. 

Through gasps of air I said, "That's great love,but let's go a bit slower. Now why don't you just lick my cock like a big lollipop and swirl your sweet tongue around the head." She did as instructed and I gradually regained my composure. "Hey, baby push your hair back so I can see your wet tongue sliding up and down my dick." I love talking dirty as you can see. She scooped a handful of gold and unveiled an insanely erotic sight of a perfect young beauty eagerly covering my trusty instrument with saliva. I must be a genius because I had another brilliant idea. "Slip your hand under my shaved balls dear and give them a good lick. Make them really wet." You the reader must have had your balls licked. Now imagine someone like Natalie Portman slurping over your ball sack. That is the vision I saw. Yum. I let this go on for quite a while, wouldn't any man, and she was a trooper and simply continued until I said, "Okay, my sweet,suck my cock nice and slow and as deep as you can." Her face was even more beautiful when my dick was buried to the back of her throat and my balls were bumping her chin. I was in sex heaven as her head bobbed up and down slowly. 

As pleasurable as the blow job was, my mind started zeroing in on how her tight young pussy would feel with my cock buried balls deep. The "... and do anything you ask." part of her introduction even had me thinking about her tiny, pink asshole even though that is not my preferred landing spot. Anything was on the table and I decided to go wherever my primal, dirty imagination took me. 

I could lie and say I got her take off her clothes slowly like some sort of erotic fictional story but the reality was, I was so horny that I just blurted out, "Lose the dress girl. It's time for some fucking." Not a George Clooney line but I'm not a George Clooney when there is a willing pussy waiting for my rock-hard cock.

She sat up and slowly undid the bow of material at the back of her neck that held up the two strips of satin that covered her breasts. Just as she finished undoing it I barked, "What's taking you so long. You BAD girl. I'm going to have to teach you a lesson and spank your bum. Now lay across my knees and make it quick." She had a contrite look on her face as she draped herself over my knees. "Now, pull up your dress." I find it a lot more erotic to get the girl to unveil herself. On cue, she pulled up her pink chiffon dress exposing her perfect small, tight butt cheeks covered by matching pink bikini panties with a sweet band of embroidered flowers ringing the top. It was a gorgeous sight. "Now pull those panties down so I can give you your punishment." She pulled them down below her snow white ass-cheeks and brought her hand back up to beside her shoulder. Her head was turned to the side closest to me and I could see her biting her lip nervously. Good. I put my palm in the center of her ass. It was as smooth as a baby's bum. I could feel the crack of her ass splitting the two orbs. I gave it a good rub all over and even dipped my middle finger down to her cleanly shaved pussy lips. They were slick with love juice as I ran my finger up and down her slit as she gave a low moan. I withdrew my hand and gave the far cheek a half-hearted slap, barely enough to make a pink mark. I didn't want to have her making enough noise to have her man coming to the rescue. This was just erotic play. I could feel my steel erection against the fabric of the waist of her dress. I gave her a tap on the other cheek and then another on each. There was a slight rosy hue. I dipped my fingers back to her girlie parts and they were even more wet. She moaned even louder this time. The little minx loved it. Nice, but it was time to get my rocks off.

"Okay, baby, get that dress off and make it snappy this time." She stood and stripped the dress down her body along with her panties and stepped out of it all in double time. WOW,what a sight! She was like a Victoria's Secret model except without any lingerie to cover her charms. Zero secrets. I held her hand to give her the message to stay standing and ogled her body like a fucking lecher. She had firm 34B breasts, my favourite, and slim but womanly hips. She was Brazilianed of every hair on her crotch and had a silver dollar-size red heart tattooed just above the camel-toe notch of her pussy. A fucking HEART! Cute or what! 

Why is it that a vision like this of a cute young girl doesn't make a man mellow and kind hearted? Instead it sends a sudden surge of testosterone to the most primal part of a man's brain and all you want to do is get your cock thrusting hard into her center even if you have to fight a hoard of men or beasts to get that sperm of yours in her pussy. My guess is that's why humans are still around when most species have gone extinct. So I hope you understand the next part. I have no apologies, I'm just a man.

She was standing in front of me nude except for her wedding ring and I was sitting on the sofa with my eyes at the level of the red heart on her pubic mound. I leaned forward and buried my face in her crotch while putting my feet between hers. I licked the smooth skin of her camel-toe notch. Then, I reached around and grabbed a firm ass-cheek with each hand and pulled her closer to me. The sweet smell of her pussy was intoxicating. As I pulled her towards me, her knees parted around my legs. Now with better access to her clit, I twirled the tip of my tongue around the little hard bud. She tilted her pelvis to give me better access and I could hear her moan deeply. I lapped her pussy from stem to stern and slurped up her pussy juice with gusto. Her small butt cheeks were only a handful each and I could feel them flex as she rotated her hips to get more friction on my tongue. What a horny bitch. She grabbed the back of my head and pulled me forward. I could feel her getting close to an orgasm but I wanted her to cum with my dick planted deep. I love the feeling of a tight pussy having spasms on my cock while I look down at their face as they cum. So I leaned back and looked up at her tits and face, with its look of disappointment that I had left her on the brink of ecstasy. 

My dick had become a bit soft as I had been concentrating on her pleasure so I reached up to her shoulders and pulled her down to her knees while growling, "Suck my cock you horny bitch and when it is nice and hard I want you to climb on to that big boy and I will fuck you 'til you have a screaming orgasm." She gobbled my wang like a two dollar hooker and in a blink it was rock hard. She looked up at me with those incredibly blue eyes and lifted her eyebrows in a questioning manner sort of asking if it was hard enough now to stuff her pussy with it. I said, "Sure baby, that's great. Climb on board my cock." Well, it was amazing how eager and fast that wench got off her knees and straddled my waist, took her right hand and parted the lips of her cunny and lodged the wet head of my cock in the entrance to her love canal and slowly slid down until I was balls deep in the sweetest, tightest pussy since I took my wife's virginity fifteen years ago. The young thing let out a huge squeal of pleasure that rang out across the room and she had a look of erotic relief on her face. 
