 Let me tell you about how my wife and I spice up our lives by visiting the swingers sex club in our city. I thank LarryinSeattle for editing it. We've been having great fun most Saturday nights, rain or shine, for the past three years. The club offers dancing with a DJ on the main floor and a playroom upstairs where anything and everything goes. People bring their own wine, beer, or liquor. It's a super place.

My name is Ronald but everyone calls me Ron. Let me tell you a bit about Peaches and me. We are a mixed race marriage. I'm a light-skinned black person and she, as her name implies, is a lily-white, Caucasian with Scandinavian ancestry way, way back. We are in our mid-forties and have been happily married for fifteen years. We have two wonderful kids. Peaches, that's her real name believe it or not, is simply gorgeous in a wholesome way. She has long, blonde hair, completely natural and a pretty face with luscious full lips. She is tall - about five foot eight - with a fit womanly figure. She keeps fit by training for charity half-marathons plus yoga twice a week. She is a great lay. Those Scandinavians must have it in their blood to love sex and they're great at it. It's probably because winters up there are so long. I'm a very, very lucky man. 

A bit about myself. I don't know if I'm handsome but I'll say that every guy that was chasing Peaches when we were dating was a hunk and I won her, so I must not be too ugly. I'm tall - about six foot two - and pretty fit. I work out a bit but not nearly as much as Peaches. My job is what really helps. I'm a dentist. Have you ever noticed that there are no chubby dentists? It's because we are up and down constantly and leaning over our patients tightens up our core muscles. It's no myth that black men have longer cocks than average. I've been in changing rooms with black friends of mine and other black dudes and noticed they were very well endowed. But fortunately, mine is just slightly bigger than normal. I don't want one of those big swinging dicks. Peaches tell me that guys with big cocks are lousy lays and it hurts her tight pussy. Maybe she is just boosting my ego but I'll go with it. 

My favorite thing to do at the club is to spot couples who are new to the swinging scene and be the first to fuck the lady. They say New Yorkers can spot a tourist in a crowd. Well, I can spot a newbie lady at the sex club. I especially like the mature ladies my age and older. When I was younger and before marrying Peaches, I had fucked two young virgins. They were not great fucks. In fact they were awkward and the sex was not that good even though I came inside their super tight pussies. On the other hand, mature ladies that have been faithfully married to one guy for a long time and are getting laid by their first new cock, especially attached to an African-American, are a different type of virgin-like experience. It never fails to be a great fuck with the lady begging for it and cumming in a giant, screaming orgasm. Now THAT is what I call fun. 

Let me tell you about an experience I had just two weeks ago. I still get a chubby just thinking about it. 

Peaches and I were downstairs drinking with friends and dancing a bit. We like to unwind and get our drink on before going upstairs and fucking our brains out. I spotted a couple that I had never seen in the club. They were by themselves at a table in the far corner. I could tell they were newbies because they looked nervous and guilty. These folks sit way back to avoid getting spotted by their workmates or neighbors. They don't realize that the folks they dread seeing would never say a word because they are at the sex club too. The two were sucking back their drinks in double time to get up their nerve and did very little talking, just kept looking around at the new wonders of our sexy club. These are all signs of new folks. 

They were an attractive couple. My guess was late forties, early fifties. He looked like some kind of office worker, maybe a manager. She might have been a teacher or volunteer worker. Who knows? I just want to give you a sense of my first impression. She was my perfect type. She had a mature figure, sort of slim but with a few extra pounds. Perfect. I have found that very slim and skinny women just don't get down and dirty like their counterparts with more sumptuous bodies. I'm no psychologist but my guess is that these skinny women are less sensual and way too self-disciplined to let it all hang out. She was wearing a tight dark purple skirt that showed off her nice ass when they eventually got up to dance. She had on a light purple silk blouse that buttoned down the front. Her breasts seemed a bit small for her height, maybe a 36B cup. But I prefer smaller breasts. She was a brunette with wavy hair down to her shoulders in a feminine, conservative style. She had a very pretty face in a classic way with high cheek-bones with bright red lipstick on her full lips. That's a color that is a great sign that a woman has already decided to go all the way at the club. Bright red is a dead give away. I got a woody just imagining those brightly colored lips wrapped around my milk chocolate manhood. 

I pointed out the couple to Peaches and she said the man looked fine. That was the go-ahead. We have a pact that if I spot a new woman that I want to break in, she'll help by offering herself to the husband. It's an erotic game we play. No man could ever resist the sexy charms of my wife. Swinging is also called swapping for good reason. If you want to fuck somebody's wife, you have to offer up yours in return. Fair is fair. We have never missed when we target a nice couple like the one in my cross-hairs that night. In the end, it's a win-win for everybody.

Peaches and I went over beside them on the dance floor and started grooving to a sexy 50 Cent song with a heavy beat and erotic lyrics. My wife started openly flirting with the husband and was soon dancing in front of him shaking her great tits and turning to show off her tight buns. The guy was smitten in no time. I took the woman's hand and turned her attention to me and we danced and rocked to the music. At first, she looked a bit nervous but soon she was laughing and having a great old time. My guess is all those fast-guzzled drinks were starting to have an effect. Looking over at Peaches, I could see her doing her ass-grinding-in-the-guys-crotch thing as she bent over in front of him. He was holding her hips and grinding his dick into her twerking, dress-covered ass. The look on his face was pure ecstasy. I sure hoped he wasn't gonna cum like that. It might have spoiled everything. Peaches turned and whispered in his ear. I knew exactly what she said. Just as we planned, she was inviting the dude upstairs to get laid. The song ended and Peaches and I went back to our table and they to theirs. I could see the man talking with his pretty wife. It was too far away to hear but he was obviously telling her that he wanted them to go up to the playroom with Peaches and me. The lady was biting her lip nervously but finally nodded yes and her husband gave her a big kiss and said something that must have been an "I love you." 

Peaches and I got up and climbed the stairs to the playroom knowing that the couple would be up soon after. The playroom is a large, dimly lit room with a dozen sofas and loveseats around the sides and in the middle. There's a huge vinyl covered bed at one end. There were only four other couples in the room. It was early and they were still mostly dressed and just kissing and groping. The room would soon fill up and the action would get hot and heavy. We sat on a long, leather sofa and waited. Sure enough, the man came through the door first and then his gorgeous wife with their hands clasped together. He was searching the dim lit room for Peaches who waved to him and he broke out into a big smile and walked our way with his wife in tow. She was a lot less enthusiastic than her spouse but I was confident that I could break the ice. 

We stood up and when they sat down in the middle, Peaches sat beside the guy and I sat beside the lady. They were in the middle and we occupied the ends. This meant my new acquaintance had her back to what her husband and my sexy wife would be doing. We have found that's best. It gives the newbies a bit of a sense of privacy and less to worry about. You never know what a wife might do when she sees a beautiful woman like my Peaches sucking her hubby's dick for the first time. Or vice versa for the guy. Jealousy is a green-eyed monster as they say.

I like to go slow, deliciously slow and have the sexual tension build up into passion in stages. Sitting beside a new, beautiful lady that you know you are going to have sex with is a huge turn-on. I could feel my heart racing a bit as I put my arm on the back of the sofa, faced my body towards her and looked into her pretty face. Her feminine, flowery perfume was intoxicating. I find it best to compliment a woman at this point.

"You are so beautiful. Next to my wife, of course, you are the most beautiful woman in this room." She smiled demurely, blushed and looked down. "What's your name? Mine's Ron."

"Thank you. I'm Elizabeth." She smiled a bit nervously but very sweetly. She was too shy to look me in the eyes and just continued to smile demurely and looked down waiting for me to make the next move.

"Nice to meet you, Elizabeth." I shifted closer to her and gave her far shoulder a little squeeze with my hand that had been resting on the back of the sofa. I could see the artery in her neck pulsing in a fast rhythm and her breathing was quicker than normal. She sat with her hands together on her lap. 

Peaches chirped up from the far end of the sofa, "Ron, John and I are going over to a spot on the other side of the room for a bit of privacy. Have fun, guys!" 

Off they went. Now I was completely alone with Elizabeth so she could let herself loose without her husband being around to see. As soon as they were gone, Elizabeth put her hand closest to me on my thigh and turned towards me, still with her eyes lowered. I could feel my cock wake up.

"God, your perfume is so sexy." I moved my nose into the hair over her ear and inhaled deeply. 

"Thank you," she said breathlessly. 

"Can I have a kiss? It would be a real honor to kiss such a beautiful woman." She nodded her head slightly and I touched her chin with the tips of my fingers and turned her lips to mine and our lips met. For several seconds, I was lost in the pure pleasure of our tongues dancing together. As the kiss lingered, I hugged her body closer and closer to mine. My hands were splayed across her back, hugging her to me. I could have groped her ass or her breasts but I enjoy going slow. There was plenty of time for that later.

Next, I did something that has become a trademark of mine. I leaned down with my hand over and then under her far leg and pulled her up to be sitting sideways on my lap. As always happens when I do this the first time, she gave a little gasp and squeal at the sudden move. I find that mature women haven't usually sat on a man's lap since they were a little girl. It must bring back fond memories because they love it and they melt. Maybe they feel more dainty and younger. The man below, that's me, seems that much more in control and masculine. 

"Here, just put your pretty head on my shoulder." I could feel her hot breath on my neck. I looked down at her luscious body covered by her skirt and silk blouse. My hand rested across her skirt on her upper thigh. 

"What a nice skirt this is." I felt the fabric by running my hand up and down her thigh and gave it a good squeeze near her crotch. I could hear a small groan when I did that. Her hands were still clasped on her lap. I dipped my lips to hers and she responded by moving her hand to the back of my head and mashing our lips together aggressively, another good sign that all was going well. We kissed passionately. She was getting just as turned on as I was. My cock, which she was sitting on, was getting very hard. I'm sure she could feel it. 

Across from us on a sofa no more than six feet away, a couple had shed their clothes and the woman was on her knees, on the floor sucking her happy man's cock with great gusto. When the man groaned in pleasure, my lady turned and gazed at the erotic action for several seconds before laying her head back down on my chest. I was sure her mind was buzzing with what was happening around her and what it meant for later.

We were both panting when our kiss ended and as my pulse was returning to normal, I knew it was time to explore her body. I like to get a new lady's total buy-in before moving forward.

"Elizabeth, I would love to caress your beautiful body and touch your soft skin. As a sign that this is okay with you, could you please unbutton your blouse so I can have access to your glorious breasts?" This was the moment of truth. She hesitated for what seemed like an eternity but was likely just a few seconds before unbuttoning her silk blouse from top to bottom. I could see her sexy, light pink bra come into view with a delicious amount of cleavage between two full cups. When she finished, she turned her head up and kissed my neck just beside my Adam's apple in complete supplication. I knew then that she was offering herself totally to me. She was mine. Like my father always said – it pays to be a gentleman. I cupped her left breast with my right hand. It was firm and ripe. I could feel her hard nipple through the soft fabric. She gave a small mewing sound as I felt her charms. She kissed me again on my neck. With this green light and since the bra had a front clasp, I undid it and pulled the fabric aside to reveal her alabaster tits and large brown areolas. I was sure her husband and doctor were the only men to see her perfect breasts in a very long time. 

"Oh, baby, your breasts are magnificent." I massaged them softly and rolled the hard nipple between my fingers. The soft mewing sound from deep in her throat continued and she started to massage my chest with her left hand over my shirt. 

Time to break another barrier for the good lady. "Let me take off your blouse and bra so everyone can see your beautiful breasts." Exposing oneself the first time to a group is a new milestone. I slipped her blouse over her shoulder and was pulling it down and off when she pushed her face into the crook of my neck like she was hiding in modesty as I removed it and the bra and placed them on the sofa behind her out of the way. She was slumped over, trying to hide herself but I hugged her waist firmly to straighten her back. This offered up her globes for all to see and I dipped my lips to her nipples and sucked them one by one. I knew that she would be looking around at all the people fucking and sucking in our playroom. Her hand went to the back of my head and pulled it closer to keep me pleasuring her most sensitive erotic zones. 

I broke away and looked down at her skirt. My lust meter was going towards the orange zone and I wanted to see her pussy. I could have run my hand up her dress when I was kissing her tits but I love watching a woman's panties being exposed and then my brown hand sliding up her thigh to the promised land. I slid my hand over her dress up her thigh to her ass and gave her sweet ass a good squeeze. 

She murmured breathlessly, "Oh, jeez," in a cute, girlie fashion. She knew that the action was moving inexorably to her bottom area and eventually her now-throbbing pussy. I gave her ass-cheek another couple of strokes.

"What a nice ass you have, Elizabeth. I can't wait to get my hands on your bare bum. Skin on skin is so much sweeter." I love to talk dirty with a woman. It never fails to get them hot. I could hear her breath quicken. I could ask her to pull up her skirt and expose herself but after the first self-unveiling of a woman's breasts, I like to take it from there. I moved my hand to her knee. This is always like opening a Christmas present as a kid. I wondered if she shaved her pubic hair or was natural. My guess was that she had a full beaver before deciding to come to the club and then her husband and her had a little shaving session followed by a great fuck.

"Oh, jeez," she squealed a bit more loudly and breathlessly at my touch. She knew that her private parts were going to be exposed like never before. I like to pause a bit at this point just so they can really feel the moment. They always have their knees locked together instinctively and I just put my right hand on their knees and see what happens. A few ladies are so worked up, they spread their knees like a harlot. Others, keep them locked in nervous modesty. Elizabeth was somewhere in between. Her knees were slightly apart. I moved my hand higher and played a bit with the hem of her skirt which was about four inches above her knees. Her legs parted slightly as the back of my knuckles slid across the skin of her thigh as I played with the fabric. She gave a little moan. I knew her pussy must be throbbing like crazy but she was too reserved to spread her legs and beg to be touched. I slipped the flat of my hand between her thighs and rested it on her right thigh as she opened her legs modestly to allow me to go higher whenever I wished. I loved the look of my brown hand on her lily-white thigh. Here is where I test how really turned on a new gal is. I just flicked my index finger against her left inside thigh as a signal for her to spread her legs. Nothing more, just a little flick. Elizabeth was perfect. Her legs sprang open about a dozen inches like I had just released a tight spring. This was a woman in heat whose total focus was on my hand and her erotic zones. Her legs were now wide enough to see her matching light pink lacy panties as the hem of her skirt had risen up her legs. They were the sexy, Brazilian style which is a perfect, classy choice between a full panty and a bikini. The crotch area was a see-though mesh and I could see her cleanly shaven camel-toe notch clearly. I could smell her feminine spunky, sweet juices. 

I was getting unbelievably horny at this point, too. My lust meter was approaching the red zone. It seemed way too much delay for both of us to feel her up and slowly undress her skirt and panties, so to move forward quickly, I said, "Stand up, baby." She looked up with a bit of panic in her eyes as she realized everyone would be able to see her naked. "Don't worry, my dear, it's all good here in the playroom." She complied and stood up but had her hands modestly over her wonderful tits. I started to unbutton my shirt. "Don't hide your wonderful body. Put your hands down and show all these folks your gorgeous breasts." She bit her lip and put her hands to her sides. I could hear a few shouts of approval from the room. Those wolves knew what was happening. I took off my shirt. "Now the skirt and panties, love. And don't sit right back down. I want you to slowly turn so everyone can see you totally." I could see her blush all the way down to her chest as she peeled off her skirt, hesitated, and then peeled down her pink panties. She slowly turned as instructed and I was totally undressed by the time she was facing me again. 

I stood up beside her with my hard erection sticking out so that everyone knew who would be fucking this very desirable woman. I turned her towards me and kissed her deeply while I massaged her ass cheeks with both hands. She gradually began to relax as our tongues swam together. 

I looked down at her and said, "Your bare ass feels just as good as I thought it would. Why don't you hold my cock while I feel those delicious cheeks? I want everyone to see that you want me to fuck you with this lucky cock." She reached down and grasped the staff as I stepped back a bit so everyone could see her grip it as I massaged her ass with my left hand and then her breast with my right. What a horny sight we must have been. This is where the action really picked up.
