 I am a teacher at a local school that is very open. They offer a lot of different classes that other schools don't offer. I was one of the lucky ones that got assigned some of the more risqué type of classes but had to follow the school rules for these classes. One of the classes that I was able to teach this semester was the human sexuality class which is usually one of the more popular ones on campus. So the semester went by with a breeze and I was walking to class for the final one of the semester. This was the one I hated the most because I had to fill 2+ hours with nothing really to do but sum up. So I took a deep breath when I walked into the classroom. I put my stuff down as the students started to walk into the room and into their assigned desks. I just stood behind the desk at the front of the room until it was time to start class and then stepped forward.

"Well this is our last meeting in here. We have discussed many things in this class. I know some of your were disappointed with how this class went," I said as a small laugh went up around the room. "But at the same time I think we have had fun in here. Everyone has been very open in here which is a good thing. Some of you told stories that had to be embarrassing but came out all good in the end. Now the last couple of weeks we have done some stuff that is questionable but I find the educational value was more than the smut value I guess you call it. So since this is the last class of the semester I thought I would turn this class over to you. What would you like to talk about?" I asked leaning on the desk.

The silence was deafening in the room. I looked around and most people were looking down or just looking around not wanting to do anything. I sighed deeply before starting again.

"You can ask or talk about anything that you want. And I mean anything at all," I said.

This got some students attention before one boy in the back of the class raised his hand.

"I want to know why I can't get laid," he said blushing. All the girls and guys started laughing after that statement.

"I think that is a problem you have to work out yourself but we can help. Come down here to the front," I said.

He very slowly got up and walked to the front as all the eyes of the class were watching him as he finally made it up front. I made him face the class before talking again.

"OK this is a class question. I want you guys to help him out. So what do you think. This is for the girls but the guys can throw some stuff out there also."

There was some silence before a girl in the back of the class raised her hand.

"Yes Michelle?"

"I think he needs to be more confident. I mean he doesn't look confident to me. That is one problem and probably only problem. He's cute, I have seen him playing sports and all that. He is fine."

Everyone started laughing but I saw him raise up a little bit with the compliment.

"Maybe a change of clothes and a new haircut," another girl said on the other side of the room.

"Maybe we need to get him to the strip joint and get them to have some fun with him," another student said which made everyone start to laugh.

"See what I mean?" I said. "He had a problem but everyone gave him some constructive criticism which will help him. You feel better?"

"Yes I do sir," he said before slipping away and sitting down again but with a swagger in his step now.

Another girl raised her hand shortly after this.

"Yes Emily?"

"I just wanted to know. Do girls really buy vibrators and dildos that much?"

Everyone started laughing until I settled them down.

"That is a very easy question. The sex toy industry is a very profitable one not only for female but males as well. We watched the documentary not to long ago on it. Many people do buy that stuff but mostly through the mail order thing because as a conservative country people can't really bare to go to a store and buy that stuff. But we must also remember it is just not girls that buy that sort of thing. Remember that documentary we watched. That will answer you questions on that. However yes the sex toy industry is very profitable and people do actually buy that stuff."

There was silence in the room as I sat on the table now in front of the class. Slowly in the back of the room a hand raised which I called on.

"Umm I was just wondering. My boyfriend was talking to his friends the other night and they mentioned something called a gang bang. I was wondering what it was," the girl said.

The whole class started laughing which made her feel all the more embarrassed. I just looked at her and smiled. Her name was Kaila and she was a very bright student but a very quiet one. She was born in Hawaii and moved her to the states when she was a little baby. She had small breasts but someone you could easily fall in love with after having a conversation with her. Once I quieted down the class I answered her question.

"Don't be embarrassed Kaila because a lot of girls don't know what that is. That is when a whole bunch of guys have sex with one or two girls. For some to be classified as a gang bang it has to be a 10-1 sort of thing."

I looked back at her as she had her jaw dropped like she didn't believe me.

"And my boyfriend wants me to do that?" she said shaking her head.

Everyone including myself started to laugh about this when another girl raised her hand.

"Yes Laura?"

"You know Kaila, having a gang bang isn't that big of a deal."

Everyone was silent now and looking at Laura who was smiling and just sitting back in her seat. Everyone was waiting for someone to say something but no one did. Now as a teacher I should have let that comment go but I just couldn't.

"And you would know this because Laura?"

"I have had one before."

There were hoots and hollers in the class from the boys as the girls looked at her as she was now tainted goods. I quieted down the guys when Laura cleared her throat and raised her hand again where I called on her.

"You see the key of the whole thing is to have a bunch of guys that you know. When I did it, my boyfriend set it up with a whole bunch of his friends that I knew. Second you have to get warmed up properly before even thinking of moving on," she said as she was lightly touching her breast now. " Once you get into it, you really don't know what is going on because of the pleasure involved. But one thing I have to tell you is to take a nice long shower afterward and plan on sleeping for a little while because the energy you use is just incredible."

Everyone was looking at her as she put her hand down and smiled but you could see her nipples coming through her shirt. I looked back at Kaila who just shook her head like it was still nothing she was going to do. I was feeling a little bit more bold with how things were going so far so I made the next move.

"Ok who in hear has participated in or know about gang bangs before class today?" I asked looking around.

I was surprised at what I found. There were 6 guys with their hands raised in the room with 2 girls also raising their hands. That means there were 10 people in there, not counting myself who knew nothing about gang bangs before coming to class today. Being in a college classroom I would think more people would know about it.

"Well this is sure an interesting topic of conversation that we got into but let's move onto some other things," I said before I saw Kaila raising her hand again.

"Yes Kaila?"

"I was just wondering, I mean girls really like that sort of thing? I don't think I could do that sort of thing with everyone looking at me when it is going on. I mean having possibly 9 guys watching you..."

"No...No...No. You don't get the point Kaila," Laura was now talking. "You could go at is from that angle but usually that is done for a show. The one I am talking about is sometimes you are taking on three guys at once."

"OH MY GOD," Kaila said. "How the hell can you do that?"

"Easy girl. You have one cock in your pussy, one in your ass and usually you are sucking one. Sometimes you can get titty fucked as well so you could be doing four things at once."

I looked around the class as all the guys where now interested in the conversation and I had just taken a step back as the two girls talked back and forth.

"And he wants me to do that? That is most disgusting thing I have ever heard about. Having all those cocks and guys around you..." Kaila said before trailing off as maybe the actual idea finally got to her.

Laura started laughing as some members of the class started laughing also as Kaila's face started to turn red after finishing her statement. I had to smile myself because it was kind of funny.

"After doing that, taking on three guys doesn't seem as much I don't think," Laura said before the class got quiet again.

Everyone was looking at her again and I had to admit I was starting to feel a little uncomfortable with all this talking going on. I looked up at Kaila who seemed to be staring into space.

"Kaila do you know what you want to know about gang bangs?" Laura said standing up now. I felt that I had lost control of the class at that moment.

"Yeah...but I still don't see how you can handle something like that. It sounds rather painful," she said putting the tip of a pen in her mouth and moving it around. 

"I guess there is only one thing to do then," Laura said as she started walking toward me.

Everyone was watching us as Laura came up next to me whispering.

"Since we have about an hour and a half left of class, I think we should turn this into a real education class Professor Daniels. Or can I call you Marcus since it's the last class of the year?" Laura said smiling.

"Either is fine. What do you mean a real education?" I asked stupidly.

"Give Kaila a little education in gang bangs. Right here in class. I mean I think there is enough boys here that could show her something. It would certainly add some bang to the class," Laura said before laughing.

"We can't do that. I could get kicked out of school and what would happen if someone came in?"

"They could join in," Laura said laughing. "But really, you could lock the door like you always did and we would stay silent. I mean come on. Its an education. Plus the ones that don't want to be here can leave and give them the rest of the period off. What do you think?"

I have to admit I liked the idea myself but I knew it was wrong. However just thinking about it started to get my cock hard and as with most men that started to do my thinking for me. 

"Who do you propose would be the subject?"

"Me. I am horny as hell in case you couldn't tell but since I have done it before, I know what to expect. It won't be as big as the one that I did but it will do."

"How big was the one that you did?"

"I had about 12 guys fuck the shit out of me that night. So 6-10 won't be that bad."

I just shook me head thinking of what could be happening as she went to her desk again with a huge smile on her face. I cleared my throat as all the students now looked at me because they knew something was up. 

"After having a discussion with Laura, we haven't decided to do a little education session for the benefit of Kaila. Now if anyone objects, you can leave the class now and take the rest of the day off. I will not affect your grades because they are already done. However the one request I would have is please don't tell anyone. Second, you don't have to participate if you don't want to. However you are willingly to participate if you want. So any questions?"

There were four hands that went up immediately and I knew things were going to happen slow now.

"Yes Princess?"

"Can I go to my dorm room quickly and come back?"

"Yes. Go now," I said as she got up and left real quick. "Yes Michael?"

"Who is the subject?"

"You will find out soon enough. David?"

"Can I leave now?"

"Umm 5 minutes. Finally Daniel?"

"Can I participate?"

"Possibly. We will take care of that in a few. Any other questions?"

There was none as I took a deep breath and continued.

"If you don't want anything with this, you can leave now. Have a fabulous future and I hope to see you soon."

7 people immediately got up and left talking while they left leaving us with just 11 people when Princess came back. Everyone started to get comfortable before looking at me as the person to get things started. 

"Laura come up here please."

Laura quickly got out her seat and stood with me at the front of the class.

"Your choice."

"How about those six guys from earlier. That will be easy enough and then if anyone else wants to get involved fine with me."

I nodded as she started taking off her shoes and I went to lock the doors. Princess was just coming up the hall when I held the door open letting her in before locking the door. When I looked back at Laura she was already down to her pink bra and underwear. I was standing thinking this would be the chance now. I have wanted to see Laura naked since the first day she came into class. She was 20 years old and from SE Asia somewhere. The pink contrasted with her brown toned skin. Watching her she reached behind her and unsnap her bra letting it fall to the floor letting her small but perfect tits free. Her nipples were already hard as she bent down and pulled down her panties. She was now as naked as the day she was born as I looked down to see her bush trimmed but still there. She slide onto the table where she looked at me while resting on one arm.

"Gentlemen. I guess its time. So go ahead and if anyone wants to see you can move around," I said before walking toward the back of the room.

Emily raised her hand as the guys started to move toward the front of the room.

"Um what if we get a little..."

"Yes you can masturbate if you want, but there is nothing anyone can do against their will," I said walking to the back of the room.

I looked back at the front of the room where one of the guys was already between Laura's legs while two other guys where sucking on her nipples. Soon a fourth guy joined in having Laura suck him off. The other two guys stood on the side watching the action as it appear everyone was already entranced with everything that was going on. I stood in the back of the room smiling before dimming the lights a little bit before turning back to the action. Laura was already starting to get into as I could hear a little moaning coming from her as I walked down the stairs in the room. I looked over the class and saw some people squirming as they watched the action. I turned back to the front of the room where the two guys that have been standing back now where working over Laura's breasts while the two men that were there, one was licking her pussy now and the other was having his cock sucked on. Then without warning she pushed all the guys off who looked pissed as I prepared to move toward the front. However I soon relaxed when I saw her get on all fours on the table and smiled. One man moved forward while she sucked his cock and two guys came up behind her. I don't know exactly what they were doing but stayed back watching while adjusting myself.

I looked around the room and saw one guy had his cock out and rubbing it while I looked over at Emily who had her hand down her shorts. Kaila was sitting in her seat watching the action while Princess was squirming in her seat and looking around at the same time. I looked back to the front where Laura was now giving the guys all directions. Michael was laying on the table now as Laura startled him. She turned behind her shoulder talking to another guy who came up behind her. He started pushing in as Laura made a face and could only imagine he was going into her ass. David now came around to the front and has his cock there for her. Within a few seconds all three guys started pumping into her at the same time while three guys were on the outside waiting there turns. The table started to shake a little bit and everyone slowed down with Laura moaning her disappointment. Soon they started to pick up speed once again and Laura was moaning onto the cock in her mouth right now. I looked around the room quickly seeing one male student still playing with his cock under his desk, Emily still having her hand down her shorts, Kaila watching intently while Princess was looking at the clock and then back at the action. Soon there was movement in the room as I saw Emily almost run over to the man and lift his desk table up. I moved a little bit to see her sucking his cock now as he his eyes were closed enjoying the action. I looked back at the front of the room where I saw one guy start to make a face and soon I could tell he was cumming up Laura's ass with the spasms he was making with his waist. I saw Laura start shaking when this happened when Michael started moaning.

"Ah shit here it comes," he yelled before stopping and seeing him thrust his hips forward a few times.

A few seconds after that, David started cumming down Laura's throat with him making the same thrusting motions everyone else did. A few seconds later Laura released David's dick smiling and got off the men. It was then I saw everyone was wearing condom's except for David. She smiled as the next three came forward. She was giving directions to these guys as well now when I heard moaning coming from the classroom. I looked over to where Emily was and saw the guy she was sucking holding her head still and just by seeing that he had to be cumming himself. I smiled at myself thinking it has all become one big orgy party all of a sudden.

I looked back in the front of the room where I saw Laura's legs in the air and one of the guys fucking her like no tomorrow. Two more guys were behind him and the only thing I figured is each guy was going to fuck her missionary style for now in a row. This continued for a few minutes before I heard the first person grunt and start thrusting slowly into Laura. He pulled out with the next person putting his cock in and starting to fuck her without almost any pause. He was fucking her like no tomorrow when his face contorted and I knew he would be cumming soon. I looked up at the clock seeing there was an hour left of class now when I saw the third different person now fucking Laura. Laura started almost screaming now when someone put her shirt over her mouth to control her screaming. I looked around waiting for someone to knock on the door but there wasn't any knocking and just watched the action. Curious, I looked to Emily again and saw the guy eating her out now with her legs over the arms of two desks and having her pussy wide open for this guy. I looked back at Laura where I saw her talking to the guys and noticing the third one had to cum. The original three guys now stepped forward as she knelt on the table and they came up behind her. However this time I saw they were aiming high and I decided to walk to the front to see what exactly they were doing. When I got there I saw him slamming his cock into her ass so I figured that these three guys were now going to fuck her in the ass one after another. As I was walking by, a hand grabbed me and I stopped looking at Laura.

"Don't...You...My god you are big...want to...shit...take part?" Laura said smiling at me.

I just smiled back and walked to the middle of the room watching the action in front of the room and back of the room. Princess and Kaila were still watching the action with their mouths open as the guy fucking her ass pulled out and started cumming all over her back. When he was done he went and sat down in the front row as Michael took his spot. He shoved his cock up her ass as she squealed a bit before moaning again as he started fucking her ass. She reached for her shirt putting it in her mouth to help her screaming. I adjusted myself again when I looked over at Princess who was now getting up. She took off her pants revealing she had not panties on and reached into her bag for something. I looked back to Laura as Michael now took out his cock and came all over Laura's back which was now glistening. David now took his turn behind her but she stopped him before looking behind her shoulder.
