 "Come on, Mandy." 

She knew that he emphasised the word on purpose. They had each choses an alias, it was the only way she was agreeing to this excursion. She was thirty, she should do something new he had said. 

"Bloody sex club," She muttered to herself as they gave their names at the door and moved through to the club.

"See, not so bad," Brad commented as they were left to find their own way. 

She had to admit, it wasn't what she expected. The carpet was a deep lust red. Curtained raised platforms circled the room. Some were open, inside were queen size beds with black satin sheets. Some were occupied with couples kissing and fondling. One had three men on it, two white and a dark almost black, bald headed man. They formed a stark picture as they caressed each other, she could hear their moans from her place at the door. 

"Oh gods," she moaned and strode to the far side of the room where a bar waited. A small sign above it read, Underwear must be worn in the bar area. She laughed and ordered a double bourbon and cola, drinking it in quick gulps and shuddering as the tart liquid slid down her throat. 

"Mandy, look around, do you think anyone cares who you are?" Brad leant on the bar and gestured to the people around them. 

Most still had some clothing on, but he was right, none had paid them any more attention than she would expect from a normal club. 

"They are here for the same reason as you are."

"And what's that," She shot back.

"To have fun," He pulled her close and hovered his mouth over hers, allowing his breath to warm her mouth before he traced his tongue across her bottom lip.

"That's cheating," she whispered breathing in his sweet scent. 

His hand moved to cup her ass. He gave it a quick, hart slap. She squealed and smiled at him. Her eyes moved up to see a man watching them. She hadn't noticed him before. He lay alone on a bed, his legs stretched out before him in sensible black slacks, his chest was shirtless and broad. His eyes bore into hers. Breath caught in her chest as she bent to kiss Brad, her eyes staying on the handsome stranger. When she stopped, Brad watched her curiously before turning to see what had caught her attention. 

"Do you want to go and see him?" He asked, taking her hand.

She bit her lip and nodded. Warmth spread up her body, she was terrified but arousal always made her act erratically. Her sensible mind shut down and she let her body take over. It was only one night. And they knew no one here, her one condition was that they go to a club in another state. Where they would never see anyone there again. She gripped Brads hand and moved up to the side of the bed. 

The man extended his hand to her and Brad passed the hand he held over to the other man. He moved her hand slowly, drawing her in as he kept his gaze fixed on hers. Finally her hand rested on his chest, he moved it so that it fell down his taught abs. She didn't realised where he was leading her until he gripped her wrist tight and pulled her hand beneath his pants. She gasped as she gripped the hard, hot mass that waited there. 

Unsure she turned back to Brad. He watched in silence, his face flushed and his cock hard beneath his pants. 

She took a deep breath and let her fears drop. It was a reputable club, you couldn't get in unless you had a clean bill of health and a full background check a week before you entered. 

Her hand formed a fist gently around her prize. She smiled, feeling nervous. The man thrust up to push himself against her touch. A warmth behind her was Brad as he moved his arms around her.

"Let me help," He whispered.

His hands slid along hers removing her jacket. He let it fall before reaching around again to un button her shirt, his lips caressing her neck as he unfastened them, one by one. She released her prize for just as second to let Brad slide her arms out of her sleeves. He made quick work of her bra, her breasts sitting free on her chest. The room was warm but still her nipples were hard as diamonds as heat flooded her veins. She wanted this man. She wanted to taste him and feel him inside her body. Already she could feel her juices pooling between her thighs as Brad slid her skirt than panties down her slender legs. He dropped to his knees behind her and she squirmed as she felt his hot breath on her ass before his hot tongue laced up her pussy. 

"Oh," She moaned. The man on the bed sat up and released his cock from his slacks. It sprung free and stood proudly erect at seven inches at least and oh so thick. Brad was talented but he didn't have the meat this guy had. Her pussy clenched at the thought of it. She had to have it. She bent forward and clasped her lips around its swollen head. The man growled in pleasure, lacing his fingers through her hair and holding her over his cock. He thrust gently against her mouth building a rhythm. She couldn't whimper as Brad nudged her legs apart to give himself better access to her sweet centre. His mouth found her clit and he flicked it with his tongue. She gasped and let the man's cock drop from her lips. 

"No you don't," the man spoke for the first time. He pushed her head back down and threaded his cock back between her lips. She felt alive. Having these two men watching her naked body. 

Brad stopped his assault. She moaned and wiggled her ass, hoping he would come back. She felt a pressure against her ass and realised he only stopped so that he could continue his attentions in another way. 

"Mandy, look around you." He told her.

She stopped her attentions and looked up through her hair. Around them stood half a dozen men, watching. Some held their cocks in their hands, pumping. 

"Oh," She said, not sure what to make of this. 

"All of these men want you," Brad whispered in her ear as he pressed his cock to the opening of her pussy from behind. He put a hand on her back and pressed her forward. She crawled onto the bed and straddled the man. She was more than ready. Brad followed her, positioning himself behind her again. 

She lowered herself onto the stiff hard shaft under her, sighing as it penetrated her opening, her slick juices making it slide easily inside her. As soon as she was impaled completely she bent forward to give Brad access to her ass. He fed one than two slick fingers into her ass, working his spit around to lubricate it and get her used to the intrusion. The man she lay on worked slowly in and out of her just an inch as she waited for the penetration into her ass. She cried out as he pushed into her ass.

"Easy, relax," Brad coaxed. 

She made herself relax and pushed back gently to take him. He worked himself in and out a little at a time, spitting on his hand and rubbing it along his cock as he worked it inside her inch by inch. Finally he was imbedded balls deep. 

"Two," She called to the crowd around them. Instantly two men moved forward to her face. She took one in her mouth as the men inside her started a rhythm. 

"Oh god," she moaned around the slim cock in her mouth, alternating between her men. She didn't want gentle. 

"Harder," she told them. 

Brad reached around took her breasts in his hands, his body pounding into her harder and harder. 

"Yes," The man under her moaned as he grasped her hips and drove her onto his cock. "Oh god, im going to." He let out a roar as she felt his hot cum explode inside her. She felt her own climax rush down around her as he pussy clenched and contracted. 

"Yes, yes," Brad pulled her from the other mans cock and pushed into her as fast he he could. Finally he shuddered and roared as he pounded into her, losing his slick stream into her ass. As soon as they finished they were shouldered aside as another man took his place. Mandy didn't even care anymore. Her body pulsed with need. The new men slid in easily and rode her to their own climax. The next man looked at her and shook his head. He looked around and grabbed a man with a long thin cock. 

"Come ere'" he told the man as he pushed inside her leaking pussy lips. "Slid in here with me." 

Mandy gave a cry. Two in her pussy at once. She had never done it, she wasn't sure she could even handle it. 

"That's it. Get in there, she is more than ready."

She felt like she was going to explode. She was stretched further than she had ever been in her life. And gods it felt great. The men started moving and issuing the hot sounds of sex as their balls slapped wetly against her. 

It was only seconds before her body clenched and the wave of orgasm swept through her. They didn't even slow down and soon she felt the wave approach again. She cried out as a second rush descended. She had never felt like this. She felt so full, so slutty. She wasn't prepared for what came next as a man pushed into her ass. She screamed as the men around her issued deep groans, several squirting onto her body across the bed. 

The men didn't last long after that and came into her abused body. 

She was taken by five other men as the night progressed. She knew one thing. She was coming back next year for sure.