 We'd probably been going to the parties for about 6 months when we were approached on the long sofa one night by a couple around our age who introduced themselves as Kurt and Julie. 

We chatted with them for a while and seemed to be getting on well with them but then they explained they'd come along with friends who were over at the bar and they should get back to them. 

"That's a pity," said Naomi as they walked away. I agreed. I could tell she was attracted to Kurt and Julie wasn't hard to look at herself. But we went back to observing the various couples around the room, seeking new prospects. 

I caught a glimpse of the four friends looking at us and talking at one point then they were lost behind another group moving through. 

A few minutes later, Kurt and Julie left the room with their friends, Kurt giving us a wave and a half-smile that kind of said 'sorry'.

During the next half hour or so, we wandered over and spoke briefly with an older couple but I could tell Naomi was less than enthusiastic so after a few minutes we excused ourselves and returned to our previous position. 

It looked like the disappointment over Kurt and Julie was going to spoil the mood as Naomi kept shaking her head at other couples I pointed out. 

Then suddenly there was Julie wrapped in one of our hosts' big white bath sheets.

"Hi," she said, sitting down, "ah - we were just wondering if you'd like to join us." 

Naomi's eyes lit up. "You and Kurt?" she asked.

"Um... and Don and Maureen," was the reply. "We've been talking it over and we think it would be fun. Would you like to?"

Naomi looked at me to see how I felt about a party of six. "I'm ok with that. How about you?" I said.

She turned back to Julie and nodded. "But I need a minute to visit the bathroom," she added.

"No worries," said Julie as Naomi got up to go and do what she had to do. 

After watching her walk away, Julie smiled at me. 

"Kurt and Don think Naomi has great tits," she said matter of factly, "they wouldn't shut up about her."

Julie's comment, though probably only meant to be passing conversation, said a lot and let me know where I stood in the deal we had just made. But I didn't care.

She kissed me on the cheek and stood up, holding the bath sheet close around her. "When you're both ready, just come into the back bedroom," she said and sashayed away.

Naomi returned a couple of minutes later and we went through to the back bedroom. I tapped on the door and swung it open a few inches, calling: "It's Naomi and me." 

As usual in there, there were no lights on in the room, the only illumination being indirect light coming through the net curtains from a couple of small spotlights which shone across the garden outside. That was fairly bright anyway, especially after a minute of your eyes adjusting when it was more than enough to let you see exactly what you were doing and to whom and not so much that a participants flaws were over exposed. 

If you really wanted more light, there was only the bare overhead bulb but that was a real mood breaker. 

And there were no bedside lamps because there were no bedside tables or even beds, nothing in fact in the room except two large mattresses which occupied about two-thirds of the total floor space.

Kurt poked his head out and drew us in, closing the door behind us. The first thing I saw was Julie and her girlfriend Maureen in a naked embrace on one of the mattresses, their hands all over each other's bodies. 

Maureen's husband sat naked beside them, cock in hand. He'd obviously been wanking himself while watching the girls together.

He grinned as Kurt made introductions. "This is Don and that's Maureen with Julie." 

Maureen was either ignoring us or just too distracted but Julie glanced up at us and smiled over Maureen's head as the dark-haired woman eased her onto her back and started kissing her breasts.

I stared at the two women for a moment before another movement in the corner of my eye caused me to turn to see Kurt and Naomi closing in a heated embrace and instantly sharing a deep tongue kiss. 

She slid one arm around him and the other down between them where she undoubtedly grasped a handful of hard cock. In return, he had one hand full of tit and the other grabbed hard on her ass, pulling her harder against his naked body.

He had the kind of physique Naomi worshipped and that appeared to be just what she was doing as, with only a second's hestitation, she dropped to her knees in front of him, grasped his cock between her hands and took it in her mouth. 

I watched as if hypnotised as my girlfriend sucked his hard shaft. 

"Mmm, yeah!" he groaned between clenched teeth, then he beckoned to his friend. 

I don't know what I expected Don to do as he advanced towards them, his rigid cock bouncing outward from his body, but it was instantly clear his first job was to help strip Naomi naked as quickly as possible. 

That what followed was obviously a well-practised move was not lost on me. 

Lifting under Naomi's arms from behind, Don jerked her back to her feet, a motion accompanied by a sucking noise as Kurt's cock popped out of her mouth, followed by a soft murmur of her disappointment at having her lollycock taken away. 

Now slipping his arms under hers and across her chest, Don took a step backward causing Naomi to sag into his arms and he dragged her back towards the mattress, taking the opportunity to grope her tits from behind as he went. 

Kurt advanced with them, grasping the hem of her dress and raising it to the point at which Don's arms were clasped around her. 

Don backed up until Naomi was over the mattress then let go of her, pulling her arms upward as he did so, so that she sat down with a gasp and, as she fell, Kurt whipped her dress up and off over her head. 

In the next second they both descended voraciously on her, Don dispensing with any attempt to actually remove her bra in his haste to bury his face in her bare tits, simply tugging the ample cups over the top of her breasts, while Kurt wrenched her knickers off, tossing them aside before abruptly spreading her legs and plunging his cock into her. 

She let out a small cry of surprise but the next second it was stifled as Don, shifting position, filled her mouth with his own erect penis. 

A sense of unease which had dawned watching them so brusquely disrobe Naomi grew within me as I watched the two men start thrusting at her, hearing her gagging on Don's cock, seeing how hard Kurt was gripping her ankles, holding them shoulder height and wide. 

Beneath them, Naomi was now struggling to free herself and the trance which held me fell away. Yet even as I drew breath to speak, Naomi suddenly disengaged Don but it was not to get away, it was to undo her front-fastening 'party bra' and wriggle herself into a marginally more comfortable position before finding Don's cock again and taking it back into her mouth.

Naomi's greatest sexual talent was giving head. When her tongue went to work, it was magic but what was really incredible was her ability to deep throat and swallow loads of squirting cum without missing a beat. 

Left to her own devices she would have probably given Don the most memorable head job of his life. Instead, he grabbed a handful of the hair on the back of her head and just pushed her hard down on his cock and held her there while groping unsubtly at her breasts. 

He looked at Kurt and remarked: "Fuck, she's got great tits". 

Kurt grinned at him. "How do you like the shaved snatch?"

Their words kind of set the tone for their overall attitude towards Naomi over the next hour or so. She wasn't going to be an equal particpant, she was going to be a hot body they fucked. 

And the hot body - Naomi - was going to love it.

I saw Don move his hand from her breasts to her bare pubic mound but I didn't hear his response because at that moment Julie spoke from the mattress a few feet away: "Are you going to stand there watching them or are you going to get undressed and join us?" 

I turned my gaze to them and half-laughed. She was right - what the hell was I doing standing there while two women in a naked embrace were waiting for me to complete the other half of what appeared to be unfolding as more of a 'double threesome' than a full-on group session. 

In the 20 seconds flat it took me to shed my clothes, I watched Maureen sucking hungrily on Julie's right nipple as she palped the breast with her left hand while simultaneously working the fingers of her right hand between her labia. 

Julie lay there on her back, knees apart, stroking Maureen's frizzily permed dark hair and watching me get ready to join them.

When I did, I lay on Julie's left, shared a quick open-mouthed kiss with her and then dropped my mouth to her free breast and mirrored Maureen's actions on that side. 

I intended that we would both masturbate her but Maureen gave way as I slipped my own hand between Julie's legs so I took over. 

Julie's cunt was running wet and my fingers slipped easily inside her. "Fuck me..." she groaned and Maureen rolled off her breast as I got on top and slid my rigid cock into Julie's cunt. 

She immediately set the pace with a frantic couple of minutes of hard fucking, just me and her rolling around, almost struggling with each other for the dominant position. 

In the midst of it, I heard Naomi cumming although I knew the muffled sound meant she had a cock in her mouth. 

I glanced over and she was in the same position as before with Don's fat cock still buried in her mouth but Kurt had gone down on her and his face was hard between her legs which hung over his shoulders. She still had one of her strappy high heels on but the other had been lost when Don dragged her onto the mattress. 

By this time I was on my back and Julie was sitting up astride me. She leaned forward and her breasts hung down over my face so I hungrily groped at them and sucked at her nipples, stealing occasioinal glances to the side to glimpse the action on the far side of the mattresses.

Maureen lay about a foot away between us and them, also watching the other threesome. I reached out and stroked her thigh and buttocks. 

She smiled at me but went back to watching the men with Naomi who was now on all fours, face down in Kurt's lap as he sat cross legged at her head and Don pounded away at her doggy style from the other end. 

I wondered how she was managing with Kurt's cock - from what I'd seen he was pretty well endowed - but from where I lay she appeared to coping well and he was stroking her hair and groaning: ""Oh baby, that's hot, oh yeah!"

She can't have been being too subtle about it though - she was being shoved forward into Kurt's lap every time Don banged into her from behind. 

"Come on, you like it hard, Don't you?" Don demanded and Naomi responded by setting up her own rhythm, pushing back against him so his thighs made a slapping noise against her buttocks.

I shifted my attention back to Julie whose hands were flat on my chest as she rode my cock with rhythmic fore and aft motions of her hips. 

"Maureen..." she moaned and her girlfriend knelt beside her, slipping one hand round Julie's waist and resting her head on her shoulder. She reached between us and once again began masturbating Julie who groaned and soon began to cum. 

As was so often the case with the party sessions, I knew I was in danger of cumming too quickly and, pinned beneath Julie as her rhythm broke down into a bucking and she gasped out her climax, I was unable to prevent it and I shot my boiling semen into her.

At that, Maureen returned to her former position and Julie dismounted me and fell between us, heedless of the hot semen running from her, splashing on my thigh and dripping on the crumpled sheet. Catching her breath, she turned to me and we embraced, kissing deeply. Her hand found my hard cum-slicked cock and she grasped it, giving it a couple of skilful strokes which made me jump and gasp again. 

"I hope you're going to be able to keep that up," she whispered, "you haven't forgotten Maureen, have you?" 

"No way," I said, "but I might need a few minutes to recover."

"Only a few minutes?" Julie laughed, gently massaging a few more drips of cum from my cock.

"Mmm... keep that up and it'll be a few seconds," I groaned.

Maybe I was exaggerating about 'seconds' but I wasn't lying about a few minutes. In the excitement of the party sessions I was often sporting a renewed hard-on and a refreshed desire within 15 minutes.

But it annoyed the hell out of me though that I was unable to go for more than a few minutes under those circumstances before my orgasm was rising. Normally I could hold off for ages but a party scene had me overheating in no time and I'd have to suddenly pull out or stop thrusting and try desperately to hold off. 

As Julie and I lay there kissing and running our hands over each other, I became aware of Naomi again, just a few feet away with Kurt and Don. 

The men's voices had been a constant background noise but while my attention was focussed on indulging myself with Julie I had barely noticed their words. 

Now I heard them clearly in an almost constant dialogue of comments and directions to each other as well as Naomi. 

I raised myself on one elbow to look across at them, continuing to grope at Julie as I did so. 

It seemed as if the two men spent no more than a minute in any position before it bored them or they wanted the vantage point the other had. 

They were constantly moving around Naomi, shoving her into place and rearranging her repeatedly, talking non-stop: "Turn her over" "Get her on her side" "Go on, fuck her" "Roll her on her back" "Hold her legs open" "Stick it in her mouth". 

Their attentions might have been less than couth and certainly not sensitive but it didn't matter to Naomi - she was a willing sex doll for the two men. 

She eagerly complied when they needed assistance to stick their cocks in her from a new and different angle and issued similarly abrupt commands to her: "Stick your arse up" "Get it in" "On your hands and knees" "Suck on it"

And between their orders and prompts, they moaned lewd compliments and encouragement to her such as: "Ooh, you like it hard like that, Don't you?" or commented to each other as if she wasn't even there in terms like: "She's a good fuck, isn't she?"

This last comment came from Don as he lay on top of Naomi, his full weight on her, squeezing her breasts cruelly hard and slamming his cock into her so violently she cried out with each thrust.

Then he let out a gutteral noise: "Mmmph! Grrruuumph!' 

We all looked on as Don stiffened on top of her, thrusting his hips as far forward as he could as he filled my girlfriend's cunt with his cum. Then, with a last grunt, he collapsed onto her, careless of squashing the breath out of her.

"Let the poor girl breath, Don," said Maureen.

"Yeah, get off," said Kurt and, as Don rolled off Naomi, Kurt immediately took his place, slipping his cock into her cum-filled cunt. 

He snorted. "She's all sloppy now."

"God, Kurt, you're such a gentleman," observed Maureen, sarcastically.

Kurt paid no attention. He held himself above Naomi looking down to watch his cock sliding in and out of her. 

It was obvious despite his protestation that he was enjoying 'going slops'. 

Fascinated, I raised myself a little more so I too could see the back and forth passage of his huge cock into Naomi's vagina. His shaft glistened with the other man's cum and the sheet beneath her grew dark and damp as his movements pumped the semen from her and it dribbled between her arse cheeks. Naomi began rising up to meet his inward thrusts, moaning rhythmically in that way I knew so well heralded a major orgasm. Kurt kept the pace slow and even and a minute later she was screaming out and writhing beneath him. 

But even as her louder screams subsided, he recognised from her movements and noises that she'd only gone to the first level of a massive multiple orgasm and he wisely maintained the same pace so that soon she was hitching beneath him again, moaning 'ohhh! ohhh! ohhh!' then bucking wildly and screaming out at the top of her lungs. 

As she collapsed beneath him, Kurt made some aside to Don which I missed then he fell fully on Naomi and began shafting his cock into her as hard as he could so she let out a winded, involuntary cry at every inward thrust. 

I thought he was in the final wild run towards his own orgasm but it transpired he was determined to make Naomi cum again and was going to do it by dispensing with subtlety and pounding his big cock into her. It was a move which had her shrieking out another orgasm inside a minute.

I suddenly realised that my semi-softened cock, still in Julie's gloriously gentle grip, was rock hard again. She noticed too. 

"Mmm, you like watching her being fucked, don't you?" she smiled

"Maybe," I replied, twitching as her hand job became more vigorous. Maybe? More like absolutely. It had barely been 10 minutes since I had shot my load into Julie and the sight of Naomi cumming again and again beneath Kurt had been hotter than I can describe.

"Well maybe it'd turn me on to watch you fucking Maureen," she whispered, her hot breath in my ear making me shudder, and she reached out and caught her friend's hand, drawing her to us.

Maureen wasn't especially responsive at first as I kissed her neck and breasts but when I slid my hand down the flat of her belly and cupped her pubic mound and crotch I found her hot and damp, her labia swollen and pouting. And when I slipped one then two fingers between her cunt lips, I discovered furnace heat and thick, slick wetness.

Julie was pressing herself against me from behind, sandwiching me between her and her girlfriend, and reaching round to continue her skilful massaging of my cock until her hand gave way to Maureen's suddenly eager grasp. 

I felt Maureen begin to respond at last to the attention I was giving her clit and cunt, her hips gently starting to lift and fall, then, pulling me by my cock, she rolled onto her back, drawing me over onto her. Our mouths locked in a deep tongueing kiss as she guided me to her and I slid my cock into her hot wet vagina.

She began moving beneath me, holding me down upon her. After a minute or so, her breathing became more laboured and she began moving more vigorously against me. 

Suddenly she was panting in my ear: "Oh... oh... ooh, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me..." and I obliged, thrusting into her and bringing her to a shuddering, clenched jawed orgasm within a couple of minutes.

I withdrew and rolled her on her side to face Julie so that where a few minutes ago I had been sandwiched between the two women, Maureen was now between Julie and me. 

I slipped my rigid pole into her cunt from behind as Julie kissed her open mouth and caressed her breasts. 

Then I felt Julie's hand stroking my balls between Maureen's legs and running her fingertips around my shaft where it disappeared into Maureen's cunt. 

Once or twice I felt her hook a fingertip up into her friend's vagina, forcing it in alongside my cock and eliciting an extra hitch in her breathing. Then she settled into a gentle back and forth motion of fingertips on Maureen's clit and began a slow process of bringing her to another orgasm.

I was just thinking that Maureen was definitely getting the better part of the deal, enjoying the sexual attentions of two of us while she'd barely contributed to mine and Julie's earlier encounter, when I heard a noise of surprise from someone else who was enjoying the attention of two at once. 

Behind me, Naomi gasped, then I heard her say 'I Don't know if I can'. 

Craning back, hearing Don saying 'Come on' and Kurt, more gently, urging her to relax, I saw a sight which surprised me mightily.
