 I was definitely less than thrilled about spending the night on Kate's lumpy couch, but I also understood that there really wasn't any other option. I certainly would have preferred sharing Kate's full-size bed with her, but I couldn't see that actually happening. It wasn't like there was a whole lot of room in her small Manhattan apartment and since April was staying with her for the summer, she had dibs on the small guest bed. The idea of Kate and April sharing Kate's bed while I got the guest bed did nothing more than send my mind to a very wrong, but entirely appealing, direction.

It was the summer between our junior and senior years at Columbia. April had scored an internship in Manhattan so Kate had invited her to share her apartment for the summer. I hadn't scored an internship, so I was home in New Jersey building houses and working on my tan. I can't even remember what Kate was doing that summer. I hadn't seen them since school had let out so we finally decided on a weekend for me to come back into the city to hang out and catch up. We were all studying civil engineering at Columbia and, as we were all just squeaking by and worked together to keep our grades up, we jokingly called ourselves "The A Team," which had been short for "The Academic Team" when I was back in high school.

I had taken the train from NJ after work earlier that night and met the two of them at Kate's apartment, where they had prepared a nice dinner and had stocked up on wine. We ate and drank and caught up and made plans for the next day. We'd stayed up pretty late but eventually had decided to call it a night and I was exiled to the lumpy couch. As it was a small apartment, I could hear April and Kate getting themselves ready and into bed. The setup was kind of weird, though not unusual for a small Manhattan apartment. The kitchen and bathroom were in the back and the living room, where I was, was in the front. In between was less a room than an extra-wide hallway that had been partitioned into two "bedrooms." So, to get from the kitchen to the living room, you had to pass through both "bedrooms." Kate had put up curtains that were now drawn between the rooms to give the bedrooms a bit of privacy. As I was trying to get comfortable, I couldn't help but think what was going on behind the curtains.

April was a year younger than me, though we were in the same year at school. She'd been born in the Philippines and raised in San Francisco. She was exotic looking with small, pert breasts, a great ass and an otherwise tight body. Kate was about ten years older than me and, though born and raised a New Yorker, she'd had some interesting and worldly adventures before returning to school. She was a dark blonde with a few freckles and an athletic body with seriously large, and all natural, tits. Nothing had ever happened between me and either of them but I had fantasized about each of them plenty and the two of them together more than a few times since April had moved in with Kate for the summer. As I listened to them getting ready for bed, I was imagining both of them slipping out of their clothes and into nightshirts just a few feet away from me. I had to be careful because there wouldn't be an opportunity until I got home on Sunday to relieve any tension that might build up.

Things quieted down as much as they ever did in the city that never sleeps and I even thought I could hear some soft snoring, though I couldn't tell if it was April or Kate. There was a very dim light still on where Kate's bed was, which I assumed was a nightlight. I was beginning to wonder whether I'd ever get comfortable enough to fall asleep when I heard somebody stirring. I looked over toward the curtain just as Kate came through into the living room. In the dim light, I could see that she was wearing a robe. She came over to where I was laying, knowing full well that I wasn't asleep.

"Not very comfortable, is it?" she whispered.

"That might just be the understatement of the year," I replied softly.

"Well, you don't have to stay out here," she said, "You can share my bed if you want to."

"Kate, that is very generous of you," I responded, "but I know that there is no way I'd be able to keep my hands to myself."

"Well," she said playfully, "who said that you had to?"

She took my hand and started pulling me up to follow her and, in a state of shock, I got up off the couch and did follow. On the other side of the curtain, where there was nightlight of sorts, she placed her finger over her pursed lips to indicate that I should be quiet, then climbed onto her bed and gestured for me to follow. Kneeling close together in the middle of the bed, she untied her robe and pulled it open, revealing that she was naked underneath. My eyes went wide as I followed the freckles down her chest to her sizeable boobs which were topped by large areolas and hard nipples. Further down, I got a glimpse of her dark blonde bush between her thighs. I was wearing only a pair of loose shorts, which were immediately tenting out. She leaned toward me and I followed suit and we started making out.

My hands, obviously, were immediately on her tits. I'd admired those beauties in tight sweaters, tight turtlenecks and tight t-shirts so many times that I simply could not believe that they were exposed right here and now; I had to get my hands on them to convince myself. They felt so soft and smooth and the nipples were so hard that it didn't take very long before I was kissing my way down their slopes to their tips. I licked and sucked her nipples while still fondling both beauties as Kate's breathing grew more labored. I let one hand drop down to her lap as she spread her legs apart as much as she could and traced my fingertips through her trim bush and to her slippery lips. She sucked in her breath and tried to spread her legs wider, but decided instead to get her knees out from under her.

As she moved from her knees to her ass, I moved my hands back up to her tits and raised my head, then started nudging her backwards with my hands on her ribcage until she was lying down. I brought my lips back to hers then while my hand went back between her now spread legs. Her pussy was dripping with juices which made me think of crawling down there to lap them up and hopefully make her feel as good as she had made me already by initiating this situation. The way she started moving her hips, I suspect she probably would have cum just from my fingertips stimulating her but I really wanted to go that extra yard for her pleasure and I wanted to get as intimate as I could with her body while I had the opportunity. I started kissing my way down her neck and chest and spent a few more minutes on her nipples while still stroking her clit before continuing south. I kissed down over her ribcage and her flat stomach, moving backwards on my knees as I went, then repositioned myself between her spread legs and lowered my mouth to her pussy.

I ran my tongue up her slit, tasting the sweet nectar that she was secreting and causing a shiver to course through her. After a bit of slurping, I slipped first one then a second finger into her slippery pussy as I started licking and sucking her clit. She was writhing under my stimulation and I glanced up to see that she was biting the corner of her pillow, a look of raw passion on her face. I appreciated the perspective of looking up along the landscape of her body to her mountainous tits as I devoured her sweet pussy and was glad that she was enjoying it as much, if not more, than I was. My cock was a rock and, given a choice, my preference would be to fuck her rather than having her blow me, though I hoped for the opportunity to experience both, although not necessarily tonight.

I was really enjoying eating her pussy and providing so much obvious pleasure to her, so I hoped that I'd have many more opportunities to be in this position, too. Kate was rocking her hips toward my face faster and faster and had dropped a hand onto the back of my head to hold it in place. I could feel her pussy becoming even wetter, hotter and more engorged the longer I pumped my fingers in and out and licked and sucked her clit. The faster her hips moved, the closer I knew she was getting to cumming. I just kept at what I was doing until she went rigid, her ass up off the bed, then collapsed backwards and convulsed a few times. Only when she was completely still did I raise my head and slip my fingers free to lick them off. I knelt straight up between her spread legs, licking my fingers and watching her chest heaving until she opened her eyes and looked from my face down to my tented shorts.

She sat up and took my shorts down, my rigid tool springing out. She took it in her hand to stroke it, then beckoned me closer to her and whispered in my ear once I was close enough, to ditch the shorts and fuck her. I didn't hesitate and was quickly above her guiding my tool into her hot, slippery pussy. It felt better than I could ever have imagined as I slid my rock-hard tool fully into her, supporting myself on my forearms and leaning down to press my lips against hers once again. As we started making out, I slowly slid my cock in and out of her succulent pussy, relishing the feel of the slippery wetness. It was almost too much to comprehend that I was actually fucking Kate after having fantasized about it so many times. Not only that, but I was fucking one incredibly hot body and I was fucking somebody ten years older than me all at the same time!

Luckily, I didn't get distracted by all of that and instead was appreciating her soft tongue in my mouth, her supple breasts pressing against my chest and the pleasurable friction of her pussy as my cock slid slowly in and out of it. Shifting slightly, I supported myself on one arm and slipped a hand between us so that I could fondle one of her big breasts while still fucking and making out with her. I really would have loved to fuck her until the sun rose and all the way through the next day but, as aroused as I was and as good as fucking her felt, I was starting to be glad that she had already cum. I continued fucking her slowly, in part to prolong the pleasure and in part because a squeaky bed would definitely have alerted April to what she was missing. She was raising her hips to meet each of my incoming thrusts and pulling me into her with her hands on my ass.

My orgasm gradually began to build and, though I knew it would be a powerful one, I didn't necessarily want to reach the point where I was no longer fucking Kate; talk about bittersweet. If, in the light of day, this turned out to be a one-time thing, I would certainly relish the memory regardless of how much longer it lasted. In the meantime, I continued to enjoy fucking her and feeling her tongue exploring my mouth as my orgasm grew closer and closer and I had to resist moaning with the level of pleasure that I was feeling. I picked up my pace somewhat as my orgasm drew nearer and, fortunately, there was no telltale squeaking. I had to pull my mouth from Kate's as my breathing grew heavy. My cock began to swell within the slippery confines of her hot pussy and, within just a few minutes, I exploded into her with my face buried in her neck to keep myself quiet.

My orgasm was long and intense and Kate kept pushing her hips up right up until I finally stopped moving, completely spent. I remained over her for a few minutes, catching my breath, as my cock began to soften. Finally, I rolled over to her side and just lay there, my chest heaving, with a big smile on my face. Kate rolled over next to me and reached over me to turn off the dim light, leaving us in nearly total darkness. She snuggled up next to me, her head on my shoulder, and we were both quickly asleep.

I slept much more soundly in Kate's bed after a very satisfying sexual encounter than I ever would have had I stayed out on the couch. The next morning, I felt Kate stirring, but didn't open my eyes because I wasn't ready for her to banish me back to the couch before April woke up. To my delight, I felt the covers pulled back from over my lower body, followed by Kate's tongue on my balls and my quickly stiffening shaft. I opened my eyes then, a big grin on my face, and watched as Kate wrapped her lips around my tool and started sucking it. She was still naked, kneeling beside me, so I admired her figure in the daylight that was managing to filter in. Her tits were touching her knees and I could see the round curve of her ass; between that and her hot mouth, I was fully rigid quite quickly. I didn't even think about April until she suddenly walked in.

"No fair!" she exclaimed once she realized what she had walked in on. To Kate's credit, she never even paused in sliding her lips up and down my tool, which April's attention seemed wholly focused on. She was still wearing her nightshirt and I could see her hard nipples pressing out against it, which made me want to see her naked even more. I suggested she get rid of her nightshirt and let me lick her pussy, which brought her out of her reverie and turned her attention to my face. I don't know if she realized I was serious or realized that my face and, therefore my tongue, were unoccupied, but she quickly whipped her nightshirt off as I ogled her pert tits and hard nipples. Her panties were quickly gone, as well, and she climbed onto the bed and straddled my face. I looked up at the trim, black bush above me, grabbed her ass and started running my tongue up her slit.

I slurped up what I could while still enjoying Kate's mouth on my tool, then took one hand from her ass and slipped a finger into her very snug but slippery pussy. I focused my tonguing on her clit as I fingered her, knowing I wouldn't be able to easily slip a second finger into her as I had with Kate. I could feel April starting to hump her pussy against my face around the same time that Kate's mouth left my cock and I felt her maneuvering around on the bed. She straddled my hips behind April and guided my throbbing cock back into her steamy pussy. As April humped my face, Kate was humping my cock and I was licking and sucking April's clit while fingering her pussy. April's pussy was quickly becoming more engorged the longer I worked on it and I suspected it would not be very long before she was cumming.

There was no reason to be quiet any longer, so as April humped faster against my face, she was moaning passionately. Kate was letting out a few low moans as she rode my cock, but the only noises I was making were the slurping sounds of my tongue and my probing finger. April's noises got louder and longer until she finally let out a long cry and I felt my finger flooded with more juices. I lapped them up as she came, stopping only when she moved away from my face. I looked up at Kate's hot body looming over me, her tits bouncing and her dark blonde bush engulfing my tool over and over. As April moved over by her and reached out to fondle Kate's tits, I was admiring April's tight ass as well as her tits. When they started making out, I didn't think I could be any more aroused.

When Kate pulled her face away from April's and started moaning louder, April's hand dropped down to Kate's pussy where she rubbed Kate's clit as Kate continued to hump my throbbing cock. April seemed focused on Kate's visage, which was painted with raw passion, but my focus moved from Kate's face to her tits to her pussy to April's ass to her tits; I couldn't stick with just one of the many erotic sights before me. Kate's pussy continued to grow wetter and hotter the longer she fucked me until she seemed to go into slow motion as she came. She seemed to shiver as she continued to slowly fuck me, then blinked the fog from her eyes once she finished and was coming back to herself. She gave April a quick kiss before dismounting me, leaving my shiny rod standing upright. April bent over and sucked Kate's juices from my tool before Kate helped me to first sit up, then kneel.

We were all kneeling in the middle of the bed momentarily so I took the opportunity to make out with April for the first time while also fondling her tits. I didn't complain when Kate directed April onto all-fours because I knew I'd be benefitting further. After admiring April's sweet ass, I guided my still throbbing tool into her pussy, easing it in because, despite being slick with juices, it was much more snug than Kate's had been. Once my hips were touching her ass, Kate gave me a kiss before going to sit in front of April with her legs spread. April lowered her head between Kate's thighs and Kate immediately moaned and closed her eyes. As I started to slowly fuck April, I had a stellar view of Kate's luscious tits, which I most certainly had not seen enough of yet. Unfortunately, April's dark hair was blocking my view of her devouring Kate's pussy, but I had a feeling that there would be more opportunity to see that and even more arousing sights before I headed home on Sunday night.

April's pussy felt absolutely outstanding as I held her by the hips and slowly slid my cock in and out of her. Realizing that I could, I reached out beyond April and fondled Kate's tits as I continued to hump against April's ass. Kate didn't seem to mind the stimulation but I realized quickly that April's tits were dangling below her much closer than Kate's tits were, so I slid my hands around April's ribcage and cupped her dangling breasts, her hard nipples brushing against my palms as I did. She and Kate were both moaning, which made me glad that they were enjoying themselves as much as I was. Kate started massaging her own tits, which attracted my attention as I fondled April's. April's pussy continued to feel as incredible around my cock as her soft breasts and hard nipples did in my hands. When it felt as though April was pushing back against my incoming thrusts, I slid one hand down from her tit to her pussy and gently massaged her clit as I continued to fuck her.

April started moaning more and pushing back harder against me as I fucked her and stroked her clit, so I picked up my pace just a little bit, hoping to help her along. Amazingly, her pussy began to feel even more slick and hot, which made fucking her feel even more incredible. I could feel my orgasm starting to rear its head and, having fucked both April and Kate and had my cock in both of their mouths, I was ready to enjoy it. April beat me to the punch, though, and within just a few minutes, she was crying out as she pushed herself back against me hard. I continued to slowly fuck her and stimulate her clit until she let out a ragged sigh and went back to eating Kate's pussy in earnest. I straightened up and took her by the hips again, going back to fucking her steadily with long, full strokes.

I thought about just fucking April until I came, but as I watched Kate in the throes of ecstasy under the actions of April's tongue, I was thinking that this morning had started with my cock in Kate's mouth so maybe I'd just finish off there, too. I enjoyed the feel of April's pussy as I continued to ogle Kate's freckled tits until I was just on the verge of cumming, then slipped my cock free and stood. Kate opened her eyes when she felt me moving and reached out as my rigid cock came closer. With my feet planted outside of Kate's thighs, I watched as she guided my tool to her mouth and tasted April's juices. I gently fucked her face as she pumped the base of my cock and fondled my balls. I had been on the verge when I'd slipped out of April so it didn't take long before I was spewing down Kate's throat with a moan.

She sucked me until I was spent, then let my cock fall from her mouth as she returned to pursuing her own orgasm. I lowered myself to the bed beside her where I could now see April voraciously devouring Kate's pussy much as I had earlier that morning in the same bed. I fondled Kate's tits as I watched, occasionally lowering my head to lick or suck a nipple. When Kate placed a hand on the back of each of our heads and started pushing her pussy at April's face, she was clearly right on the brink. Only a few more minutes of April's tonguing and Kate let out a cry and began to shudder.
