 Today started out like any other day. Got up and jumped in the shower, got dressed and headed off to work. Work was boring as usual, the day shift of a pizza restaurant was always boring. The whole day all I could think about was what I was going to do that night. I'm a single guy about 6' 180lbs, average build and looks. I wasn't really into going out and trying to date so I decided that I was just going to go home and spend the evening watching television. 4 o'clock rolled around and I headed for home. Once I got home I jumped in the shower again to get the smell of food off of me and then sat on the couch to watch television.

It was about 6 o'clock and I was just starting to eat dinner and start watching a movie when the phone rang, it was Heather. Heather and I worked together and become very good friends over the years. We have never dated but we had become the kind of friendship with fringe benefits. She said that she was home alone and wondered if I wanted to come over and watch a movie or something with her, I agreed. She told me to be there around 7. I quickly ate my dinner and then headed off to change.

I arrived at Heathers house at 7 like she had said and as she opened the door I could only stare at her beauty. I saw her a lot but it was always at work so the cloths that she wore were never very flattering and the times that I had come over she usually just wore sweats and a t-shirt, tonight was different. Heather is around 5' 4" and 105lbs, she was wearing a pair of low rider jeans that looked like they had been painted on and a half cut shirt that showed her flat stomach and was so tight that it showed off her B cup breast. After staring for a minute I walked in and headed for the living room.

We both sat on the couch and began too watch the movie. Heather sat unusually close to me as she snuggled up next to me. As the movie started I couldn't help but too keep staring at her noticing that every time she leaned forward that her pants would slide down in the back a little and show me that she was wearing a black thong. She knew that I was staring because she leaned forward an awfully lot and would look back at me as she did. I also noticed that she wasn't wearing a bra. Her shirt was so tight that I could see the darkness of her nipples. The sight of all of this was driving me crazy and I could feel the stirring in my pants. All through the movie she would constantly do things that she knew would drive me crazy. She would lean over towards me allowing her breast to brush against me or occasionally she would shift the way she was sitting and would put her hand on my leg for balance and then as she would pull her hand away she would brush my now very stiff cock.

I was getting so excited that I was about to make my move when the door bell rang. Heather jumped up and ran for the door, leaving me on the couch to try and calm myself down. I heard her answer the door and was talking to someone but I couldn't see or hear who it was. A minute later she peeked her head in the room and said that she would be back in a few minutes and away she went. About twenty minutes later she returned to the couch but was wearing her jogging outfit, I was a little disappointed that I wouldn't be able to see her shapely body in her previous outfit but she said that she was more comfortable in this.

After a few minutes she looked at me and asked me if I would do something for her. As I looked at her she had this wicked smile on her face so I agreed. She told me that no matter what I wasn't aloud to talk and that I couldn't ask any questions, just do what she wanted. My mind was working overtime trying to figure out what she was wanting me to do. She shut the television off and grabbed me by the hand and started leading me towards her bedroom. The hallway was completely dark and I had to run my hand along the wall to help me feel my way. 

We stopped at her bedroom door and she asked me if I was ready, I told her yes, still wondering what was going on. We entered the room, which was completely dark. I couldn't even see my hand in front of my face. She had put blankets up over the windows so that no light would come in. Once inside she let go of my hand and left me standing there wondering what was going on. A minute later I felt her against me again, this time she wasn't wearing her sweat outfit. As I ran my hands over her body I could feel that she was wearing a lace teddy with a garter belt and thigh highs. I started getting that familiar stirring in my pants again. She slowly began to take my clothes off of me until I was standing there completely naked with a raging hard on. She grabbed my 9 inch cock and slowly led me towards the bed.

Once we were at the bed she finally spoke. She told me that she had a friend that had been dating a guy for a little while but that she was still a little inexperienced when it came to sex. She went on to tell me that her friends boyfriend went down on her a lot but she never really got turned on by it so she didn't know if it was her or the way he did it. She also told me that her friend wasn't very good at giving blow jobs. My mind was really wondering now. Heather grabbed me and slowly moved me on the bed. As I sat down I felt something, reaching over to move it I noticed that it was someone's leg. I jumped up off the bed as Heather grabbed my hand. Heather told me that the favor that she needed from me was to help her friend decide if it was her that didn't get into oral sex or if it was her boyfriends technique and that she wanted to use my cock to show her how to give a good blow job. I slowly sat down and started thinking about it some more, me with two women, my fantasy coming true. Heather told me that the only thing was that her friend didn't want me to know who she was and that she didn't want to know who I was. This really got me excited.

I slowly started making my way up the bed until I was at the unknown woman's head. I slowly began kissing her on the neck and started making my way down. I started undoing her bra kissing every part of her skin that had been covered by the bra. Once her bra was off I kissed and lick each of her now very hard nipples, cupping her tits in my hands. As I continued to suck on her nipples and slowly ran my hand down to her crotch and began rubbing her pussy through her panties, which were starting to get wet. Kissing my way down her stomach I got to the edge of her panties and started pulling them off with my teeth. 

As my nose made its way past her pussy I could smell her sweet aroma. I pulled her panties completely off and started kissing my way back up her leg. I could feel her body start to tense as I approached her pussy. Not wanting to just dive right in I slowly kissed and licked my way completely around her pussy occasionally just brushing it with my tongue. I could tell that this was driving her crazy and all of a sudden she grabbed my head and pulled my mouth to her pussy. I slowly ran my tongue up and down her pussy lips running circles around her now hardening clit. After keeping this up for a few minutes I dove right in, shoving my tongue as deep into her pussy as I could. This put her over the top, as my tongues probed around the inside of her pussy she began to shake and scream as her orgasm took over her body. Her juices were running down my face as I worked to lick up as much as I could.

While I was licking the unknown woman's pussy Heather began to suck on my cock. I had received blow jobs from her before so I knew how good she was. She took my entire length deep down her throat and then slowly pulled it back out, licking around the head. I just laid there enjoying her mouth action, giving the other girl time to come down from her orgasm. I began rubbing my fingers over her pussy as Heather continued to suck my cock. The other girl though was not done with my tongue, she reached over, grabbed my head and positioned it back between her legs. I got the clue and began vigorously licking and sucking on her pussy and clit. The faster Heather sucked on my cock the faster I sucked on the other girls pussy. I sensed that the girl was about to cum again and was started to feel my own orgasm building up in my balls. Just as she started screaming that she was cumming I began too shoot my load deep down Heathers throat. Heather kept my cock deep in her mouth and sucked every last drop that I had to offer.

Exhausted, I just laid back on the bed. After a few minutes I felt both girls moving around on the bed and position themselves on both sides of me. Heather began talking to the other girl, giving her instructions on how to stroke a cock. As Heather talked I felt a hand grab my now soft cock and start slowly stroking it, bringing it back to life. I laid there listening to Heather and enjoying what the other girl was doing too my cock. Heather told her how to lick on the head and the girl did it, then she told her how to suck on my balls and she did it, and finally Heather started instructing her how to suck on the whole thing.

The girl was a little hesitant at first but slowly got her confidence up when she heard me moaning with approval. She slowly suck my cock in and out of her mouth, not able to take the entire thing but got enough to keep me moaning. Heather then instructed her to use one of her hands to stroke my cock as she sucked on it. This was driving me crazy. The girl pulled my cock out of her mouth and I could hear her whispering something to Heather but couldn't tell what she was saying, all of a sudden I heard Heather say, "Really, the entire thing." 

I knew what that meant. Heather began instructing her on how to deep throat my cock. She had trouble at first and I could hear her gagging, but after a little work she was taking my cock deep down her throat. I was in heaven. Once she got her rhythm going Heather brought herself up to me and lowered her pussy over my face. I dove right in, sucking and licking every part of her pussy. I began to tongue fuck her pussy when the other girl pulled my cock out of her mouth and leaned up to talk to Heather. Once she was done talking she went back to deep throating my cock and I heard Heather say that the other girl wanted me to cum in her mouth. 

Heather's pussy in my face and the other girls mouth around my cock and then hearing that she wanted me to cum in her mouth was too much for me too take. Within seconds I was moaning loudly as I shot my load down her throat. Once she had swallowed as much as she could I returned my attention to Heathers pussy, sucking and licking for all I was worth, bringing her to a mind blowing orgasm. Her juices ran down my face as I licked up as much as I could. The three of us just collapsed on the bed from exhaustion.