 *** This story contains some good ole fashioned man on man sex. So if that offends you move on. If not, grab some tissues and read on*** 

This is a continuation of my bisexual experiences on a cruise. For the first part see "Sex on a Cruise." 



I (name's Mike) had just gotten out of a long relationship and was finally tired of just moping around all the time so I did something crazy and booked a cruise for myself last minute. It was around spring break time, and I was a fairly good looking 28 year old (at 6', around 180 lbs in decent shape, brown hair, green eyes, and a 6.5" cut cock), so I thought my chances of getting some college pussy were pretty decent. 

I had met Sarah and Dave the night before. They were a nice couple, Dave was 46 and a lawyer at some big law firm in New York. He was about 6'2" and in pretty decent shape, with short grayish brown hair, and a thick, 8.5" cut cock. His wife's name was Sarah, she was a wedding planner. She was 44 and around 5'8" dark hair, bright blue eyes, and probably 34C tits that looked fantastic, and legs and an ass to match. 

Before I had met them I had never really thought about doing anything in bed with a guy. But after the night before, I had sucked an enormous cock (and slurped up the resulting load with Sarah), eaten a load out of a pussy, and gotten a nice, gentle ass fucking. I spent most of the next day looking around for some of the aforementioned college pussy to no avail. I remembered what Sarah had said about stopping by whenever, so I decided to knock and see if they were there. Hopefully Sarah was, but even if it was just Dave I knew I could get a damn good blowjob (and would probably end up sucking him in return). 

Dave opened the door wearing a bathrobe, and said "Hey Mike how's it goin?" with a wide smile. 

"Pretty good," I replied with a grin,"just wanted to see if you guys were in, but if you're busy..." I said trailing off. 

"Nonsense" he replied and invited me in. I followed him in and saw three naked guys sitting on the bed with rock hard cocks. The oldest one, around Dave's age, was introduced as Ken. He was about 5'10" with a shaved head, brown eyes, and a 7" cock that was extremely thick (apparently he was on vacation with his wife and wasn't getting any). The next two were a college age couple in great shape that Dave met at the gym. Dan was 21, shaggy blonde hair and blue eyes, about 6'1" with a 7.5" cock. Tyler was 22 with shorter brown hair and brown eyes, 6'3" with a long (but fairly thin) 10.5" cock with balls that looked like they held enough cum to paint the room. 

"Sarah is at the spa all day so it's just us guys," Dave said, dropping his robe to the ground, his cock as hard as everyone else's, "I would have invited you but I didn't know how you'd feel about just being dicks and no pussy. I was working on Ken's cock when you got here and Dan and Tyler were taking turns on each other, but they're both versatile top guys actually so I'm sure they wouldn't mind if you wanted to drop to your knees and suck both if you wanna stick around" Dave said with a grin, as if he knew what I would do. 

"May as well" I said with a smile, as Dave dropped to his knees in front of Ken and started sucking him eagerly. I quickly took off my clothes and tossed them in the corner and kneeled in front of Dan and Tyler, who both looked at me with a grin. I was both excited and extremely nervous about sucking my second and third cocks ever (and at the same time no less), and gently wrapped my hands around the bases of their shafts. 

I slowly started stroking their cocks, and wrapped my lips around Dan's head since his was shorter. I slowly started taking him into my mouth while stroking Tyler's long shaft. I teased his head with my tongue, enjoying every second as he started moaning. I started bobbing up and down faster and faster, stroking them both as I went. Dan moaned out that he was going to cum, and started shooting spurt after spurt down my throat. Since Sarah wasn't there to help clean it up, I swallowed it down mostly except for what dripped out onto my chin, completely covering it between both sides of my mouth. I popped Dan's cock out of my mouth and scooped up the leftover cum with the head and started licking it off like a fucking creamcicle while looking up at him, which caused too more large spurts across my forehead. I took his cock back into my mouth and cleaned him off with one last suck. 

I heard Ken start to moan and looked over to see him down Dave's throat, with Dave swallowing every drop. Dan moved farther back onto the bed and I switched to focusing on Tyler's. I stared at it in my hands for a moment, not sure what to do with something that long. I started sucking gently on his balls, his cock resting against my cheek. I felt something cool and liquid run between my ass and recognized it as the lube that Dave used the night before. I started sucking Tyler into my mouth as Dave rubbed the lube into my ass. I felt him slowly start sliding his cock into me until it was fully buried, while I suck more and more of Tyler in, gagging as his cock enters my throat. I can only take about 7" of him in. 

Dave picks up pace and starts thrusting into me harder and faster. I think to myself that I feel like and 18 year old slut at a frat party the way I'm being spit roasted, realize that I love it and want to empty Tyler out all over the place. I start sucking like a champ, wanting his cum. Bobbing my head up and down on him, my tongue pressed hard against the underside of his cock. He soon yells "Watch out!" as hot, sticky cum shoots down my throat and fills my mouth. I pull off of him and cum is still flying out, covering my face, and my hair, and my chest, and even squirting onto my back. Evidently this sight is too much for Dave because I feel my ass start to get flooded, as well, and he pulls his cock out of me as I feel cum run down my legs. 

Dave moves away and I hear Ken move up behind me. I'm extremely nervous because of how thick he is. He doesn't really give me a chance to say no, and is cock is already lubed up pretty well (not that he needed that with the load Dave dumped in) and starts pushing it into me. I'm not gonna lie, it hurt, a lot, and I didn't know if I could take it. Fortunately Ken evidently came quickly the second time, and deposited his seed and then went to shower to meet his wife. 

I stood up and looked in the mirror. I was a cum covered mess. "Well now what" I said with a laugh, scooping jizz out of my eye and licking it off my finger. 

"You still need to cum, bud" Dan says with a chuckle, and walks over and starts lubing up my cock. Dave leans against the dresser and I walk over and place my hands on his hips and start gently guiding my cock into his ass. It slides in rather easily and I start thrusting gently, until Dave tells me to start thrusting harder and harder until the dresser is knocking against the wall and our balls are slapping against each other. 

I had been hard for about an hour and a half at that point without touching my cock, really, so I am soon ready to cum and cum I do. I explode in Dave's ass, cum sloshing out as I still thrust. I pull out, my cock still hard and notice Dan laying on the bed. I walk over and slowly sit down on his cock and start riding him hard. It's easy to do after how stretched I got after Ken and how well lubed my ass is with two loads of cum in it. My own cock is flopping around until Tyler walks up and holds his mouth on it, it thrusting in and out of his wet mouth as I ride Dan. I soon start cumming in Tyler's mouth, and the resulting spasms in my anus squeezed the third load of the day into my ass out of Dan. 

I climb off of Dan and see Tyler looking at me with a grin. I stared at his cock and then, with a shrug, got on all fours at the edge of the bed. He easily slides his cock into me (as it's so thin and the massive amount of cum in me), but it seems like he never stops sliding it into me. It doesn't hurt, it just feels massive inside of my lower half. He started slowly thrusting, and the more I moaned and pushed back against him the faster he went until I was the one getting my balls slapped against with thrusts. Dave walks up to my mouth and slides his cock into me and starts facefucking me in rhythm with Tyler (and out of the corner of my eye I see Dan standing next to me stroking himself). 

I heard a door open and close and figure Sarah just got back from the spa. No one really slowed down or stoped, however. "Well this is fucking hot" I heard her exclaim, before hearing clothes hit the floor. This started a chain reaction of sorts, as Dave pulled his cock out of my mouth and starting spurting onto my face. This caused Dan to squirt on the back of my head, to my neck, and down to my back, which then sent Tyler on another painting spree. I thought he would cum less this time, but if anything it was more. He was so deep inside of me when he started cumming I thought it was going to cum back out my throat. He pulls out of me, shooting cum up my back (a stream splashed on Dave's chest, which I instinctively licked off). 

"Well we're going to shower, Mike, if you and Sarah want to have some fun" Dave said with a grin as the three of them headed to the bathroom. Sarah came up behind me and kneeled down, placing her hands on my thighs, and starting at my knees started licking up the cum. Knowing how much she liked cum from the night before, I knew she was swallowing it right down. She licked up my legs to my anus, tonguing me clean. She came around to the front of me and kissed me full on the lips, letting a mouthful of cum run down my throat as our tongues danced together. 

"I don't know if I've ever seen so much cum, babe" she said with a devilish smile. 

"Yeah you don't know the half of it" I said with a laugh. She moved to my back and started cleaning that off, sharing more cum with me before repeating with my face until everything was clean except my hair. 

"It's a pain when it gets in your hair," Sarah said as I rolled onto my back on the bed "so we'll have to shower you when they're done... but what to do until then" she smiled as she laid on top of me, her perfect tits resting against my chest. Her wet pussy quickly found my cock and sucked it inside of her and she started riding me. I liked sucking cock and getting fucked, but still preferred having this beautiful woman on top of me. She started riding me faster and faster, until I had my third orgasm of the day, filling her with cum. 

We were distracted enough that we missed the others leaving, so she stood up and led me by the hand into the bathroom and turned on the shower. "Those boys left a mess" she said pointing at a glob of cum on the mirror before leaning down to lick it off then planting a wet, cummy kiss on my lips. 

I pulled back and said "well damn them!" with a smile, before leaning in to kiss her again, sliding my tongue into her mouth. I pushed her back gently onto the counter until she was sitting on it. I kissed down her neck to her heaving breasts, then down her stomach. And then, as the steam filled the bathroom, I started cleaning off my cum from the outside of her pussy, before sliding my tongue inside of her. She started breathing more rapidly as I flicked my tongue across her clit and thrust my fingers in and out. She soon started cumming, flooding my face with her delicious, sweet nectar. 

After she regained control she climbed off the counter, and while kissing me steered us into the shower. We started to wash each other off, and I again grew harder and harder. I picked her up by her thighs and started fucking her against the wall, water splashing across our bodies as we kissed and thrusted. Her muscles tightened around me as we came together, coming to a rest while leaning against the wall panting. We eventually cleaned off and I dressed to leave, and as I left she gave me an extremely passionate and loving kiss.