 I (name's Mike) had just gotten out of a long relationship and was finally tired of just moping around all the time so I did something crazy and booked a cruise for myself last minute. It was around spring break time, and I was a fairly good looking 28 year old (at 6', around 180 lbs in decent shape, brown hair, green eyes, and a 6.5" cut cock), so I thought my chances of getting some college pussy were pretty decent.

I was traveling fairly light so it didn't take long for me to get settled into my small stateroom (still had a balcony though so that was nice). I'd had a long trip and had a lot of pent up energy, so I decided to rub one out thinking about that pretty, young, blonde, Russian thing that was my stateroom steward before getting ready to head to dinner.

I left a little early for dinner to spend some time walking around the deck. I noticed a few groups of hot college chicks that looked like they'd be some good prospects and then headed towards the dining room. I hoped I'd be seated with some of them at dinner that night but instead I was awkwardly seated with a couple in their mid 40s at a table for 4 (dangers of traveling alone I suppose).

They were a nice enough couple, Dave was 46 and a lawyer at some big law firm in New York. He was about 6'2" and in pretty decent shape, with short grayish brown hair. His wife was the one I was looking at mostly however. Her name was Sarah, she was a wedding planner. She was 44 and around 5'8" (hard to tell for sure with the heels she had on), dark hair that she had pulled back, bright blue eyes, and probably 34C tits that looked fantastic and like they were going to fall out of her tight red dress. I hadn't seen the back yet but I'm sure her ass was just as fantastic as the rest of her.

As we got further into dinner and they found out I was single, I started noticing one of Sarah's incredibly long legs rubbing up against mine. I thought it may have been an accident so I moved mine and ended up getting my leg pinned up against the table as she found it again. I couldn't hardly believe that she was doing this during their trip to celebrate their twentieth anniversary. 

We got through dinner and they invited me back to their room for a glass of wine. I figured what the hell, we had the early dinner so I had plenty of time to have some wine and then go out to try and find those college girls again. Plus, it was probably the only free booze I'd have on this trip and I got to look at Sarah some more (she led the way to their room, her ass was indeed as amazing as I suspected).

When we got to their stateroom it was enormous. I couldn't even imagine how much it must have cost, knowing how much mine was (my entire room could fit on their balcony I think, which even had a small hot tub). Dave opened a bottle of wine and handed each of us a glass. Before I knew it we were done with the first bottle and halfway through the second and I had lost track of time.

"I've got an idea" Sarah said. "Why don't we all hop in the hot tub?!"

I laughed and replied "I would, but my trunks are down in my room." She quickly replied "Who said anything about trunks?"She flashed a cute smile and stood up and headed towards the balcony, pulling her dress over her head. She paused at the door in her lacy black bra and g-string and said "You guys comin'?" before heading out into the tub.

I nervously ask Dave if he's cool with this, and surprisingly he is. We both strip down to our underwear (mine semi tented from starting to get hard) and head out to the balcony. We hop into the hot tub, and Sarah quickly moves to lean up against me, moving my arm around her. My cock instantly hardens as her tight body presses against me.

I'm still unsure what's happening, as I have this gorgeous cougar in my arms while her husband sits across from us. All of a sudden her hand slides down and grasps my cock through my underwear. I must have had some look of visible surprise because her husband kind of chuckled. "I told you he'd be into it" she said with a grin. I looked at her to ask into what but before I could get the words out she pressed her lips to mine. We slid our tongues into each other's mouths, as she slid my underwear down to grasp my shaft. Without thinking I unhooked her bra and let her tits fall free.

I kiss down her neck to the top of her left breast, before continuing down to the nipple, sucking it gently into my mouth. I slide my hand down her body and push her thong to the side while her husband watches. I slide a finger into her and nibble on her at the same time, forcing a moan out of her.

With a grin she pats on the corner of the tub. I slide up and she kneels in front of me. She takes my cock in her hand and wraps her lips around my head and starts slowly sucking me in. I place my hands on her head and moan slightly as she starts sucking me in. "She gives a good blow job, doesn't she?" Dave says with a grin. I smile and can only get out a moan as she swirls her tongue around the head of my cock.

She pulls off of me and at first I'm disappointed. But then she slides her thong off and straddles me with her hands on the railing and her pussy in front of me. I graciously oblige and slide my tongue up the side of her lips. I place my hands on her ass and start tonguing her deeper. I have to chuckle on the inside thinking about what someone would see if they looked up: her face contorted with pleasure as her head and tits hang over the railing.

I'm suddenly jarred back to the moment as I feel a mouth wrap around my cock. At first I'm slightly freaking out, but start to enjoy it as he sucks expertly up and down my shaft. Sarah places a hand on my head and pushes it against her pussy, which is now wetter than ever. I reach up and slide my tongue inside of her, her juices running down my face. I know I'm close to orgasm myself as Dave sucks my cock farther into my mouth. All of a sudden Sarah lets out a loud moan and presses her pussy into my face as she starts cumming. Waves of pussy juice soak my face and run into my mouth. It's so hot it sets me off as I start emptying spurt after spurt into her husband's mouth.

She and I both slide back down into the water panting from our orgasms. I have my arm around her back, cupping her left breast, as she kisses me and then says with a grin "he gives a good blow job too." 

"Yeah I was kind of shocked." I admitted, "that was the first time I've gotten a blow job from a guy but I'd be lying if I said I didn't like it" I said with a grin. "I could tell from the load you gave me" Dave said with a grin and a laugh.

"So I guess that means you've never sucked a cock either then, huh?" Sarah says with a dirty smile. "Yeah no" I reply quietly. "Can you? For me?" She asks. "I'll help." She says all of this with a cute little smile that she knows I won't be able to say no to. "Well..." I say pausing, knowing that a yes here might guarantee some hot cougar pussy for the rest of the trip, just for a little cock sucking. "Okay.. for you." I say, as they both grin. 

Dave gets up and wades over to us, his cock bulging in his underwear. Sarah grasps the band and pulls it down as it springs forward. It's probably about 8.5", thick, cut, and veiny. I'm now nervous as hell as Sarah reaches forward and grasps his shaft and pulls him closer to us. She opens her mouth and sucks his head in, and slowly goes up and down his shaft while looking at me. She takes her hand off of him and grabs mine, and places it on his shaft. For the first time in my life I'm stroking another guys cock and I'm having a damn good time.

After a few minutes of Sarah sucking, she replaces my hand on his shaft with hers and pulls him out of her mouth. I start feeling uneasy again as I know what is coming. She places his cock at my lips and I slowly open my mouth, taking it in. I wrap my lips around and start bobbing up and down on his shaft. Sucking him farther in while fingering Sarah while she strokes him and myself, all of us moaning with pleasure.

After a few minutes of sucking Dave he moans out that he's going to cum, nervously I keep sucking as Sarah moans out "let him cum in your mouth babe." We're now sucking and stroking him furiously, I don't know how but she had made me want his load in my mouth. Soon enough his cock started erupting in my mouth, filling it up. Some I had to swallow and my mouth was still full, so I pulled it out, four large spurts covering my face. He stumbled back into his seat. Sarah leaned over and kissed me hard, cum running between our mouths and down our faces. Pretty soon we were cleaning the cum off of each other's faces, licking and swallowing what we could.

"I need fucked." Sarah says very matter-of-factly. And gets out and heads into the bedroom. Dave and I quickly follow, my cock fully hard, his still semi limp and swinging. "Looks like you're gonna have to be the one to fuck her" he says with a grin, grasping my cock. "Yeah if you're cool with that." I ask. "Fuck her good." he says with a laugh as we head into the bedroom. "Lie down baby, I want to ride." Sarah says. Who am I to deny her of this?

I lay down on the bed and she climbs on top of me, lowering her pussy onto my cock. It slides right in and I place my hands on her hips. She's fucking me hard and fast, and it won't be long before I fill her with cum (especially with the sight of her perfect bouncing tits.

Dave is now fully hard again and walks to the side of the bed. Sarah leans over and starts sucking him as she rides my cock. I reach up and start stroking him while she does so, which excites her even more, making her speed up her thrusts. I soon feel my cock start to tingle as my second orgasm starts to come on. "I'm gonna cum!" I moan out. She rides me harder and harder until my cock erupts in her warm wet pussy, filling her and setting off her own orgasm, our cum running out of her onto the sheets.

Sarah climbs off of me and moves up toward me, a trail of cum dripping up my body. She places her pussy against my mouth and I start tonguing her deeply, sucking our cum out of her. I feel Dave's tongue cleaning off my body and then my dick. I feel Dave climb onto the bed with us and he grabs my ankles and pushes them up towards his wife. I know what's about to happen and I don't even care.

I keep eating Sarah and slide a hand up to play with her tits as I feel Dave's head press against my ass. I moan into her pussy as he slowly slides his big cock inside of me, eventually burying it to the hilt. Dave starts thrusting in and out of me while I eat out his wife. Eventually, Sarah starts cumming again and once more covers my face.

Feeling weak from cumming so hard, Sarah climbs off and lays next to me, kissing me while her husband thrusts into my tight ass. She starts stroking my cock and massaging my balls as he goes. I had never really thought of doing this before, but I was having the best sexual experience of my life.

All of a sudden Dave started grunting more and speeding up. It hurt a little but also felt amazing. Soon enough, I felt his cock cumming in my ass. He pulled it out as it softened and I could feel his load running out of me. "Holy shit this was fun." I say. "I have a feeling this won't be the only time we have fun this week" Sarah says with a grin.

At this point we're all pretty tired so I get dressed to head back to my stateroom. Sarah decides to walk back with me so she gets dressed as well. We get to my room and she follows me in and we fall onto the bed kissing. She rips my clothes off and slides off her g-string and tosses it aside and lowers her pussy onto my cock. She starts fucking with no reserve, wanting me to fill her pussy. We kiss hard, and I rub my hands all over her. I'm tired and spent at this point so it's not long before I cum inside her again. We come to a rest and she settles on top of me.

"Thank you for tonight" she says with a smile. "Thank you too, this was all amazing" I say to her. She kisses me again and climbs off and straightens her dress. "Dave likes eating cum filled pussy too, so I figured I'd make sure he could." she says with a grin. "I think we'll all be disappointed if you don't stop by again this trip. Oh, and I'm bi too, so if you find a hot young college girl to bring along it could be even more fun." She kissed me once more and said good night, and walked out with a smile on her face, leaving her g-string behind.

The rest of my vacation to follow...