 Chapter 7: The Desert Gang Bang

Linda's narrative.

As I reclined back on the soft cushions, my mind swimming sexily under the effects of the hubbly bubbly pipe and my hand gripping Adele's tightly, I could feel my pulse racing in expectation of what was about to happen. The Bedouin leader had assured us that we would not be harmed in any way and if a situation arose that we were not comfortable with then all we had to do was ring a bell that had been placed at the head of the bed. He assured us that guards would immediately enter and stop the proceedings. Proceedings? I smiled to myself; Adele and I were about to be gang banged by God knows how many horney Arab tribesmen and he had referred to it as proceedings. MMMMMmmmmmmmm I was sure I would thoroughly enjoy 'the proceedings'.

The curtain opened and two tall Bedouins entered clothed in just a short cloth that covered their manhood. Just. Their bodies were brown and weather beaten and their muscles stood firm and solid; creating the image of a body builder. They were, by no means, handsome, but the thought ran through my mind that I would not be looking at their faces very much. It was what was beneath those waist cloths that would be taking up my attention. I felt my pussy getting suddenly moist as the two men approached us; staring at our long legs as they stretched out from beneath the short pink and white see through dresses. Our breasts were standing firm against the thin material and my nipples were already becoming hard. The two men approached and stood towering above us admiring the sexy figures of the girls they were about to fuck. As Adele and I gazed up at them they suddenly pulled away the cloth around their hips and dropped it to the floor. Both Adele and I gasped at the sight of those two huge, erect, cocks that stood out ready in front of them. I slowly released the few small buttons that were holding my pink dress together and slowly uncovered my eager body to expose it to their gaze. I glanced at Adele lying next to me and noted she was doing the same. The sight of her reposing there in her virgin white was enough to send trembles through my body.

The two men gasped beneath their breath as their eyes alighted on our near naked bodies and they suddenly dropped to their knees beside us and their hands and mouths began to feel and fondle and kiss every part of us. I reached my hand out and grasped Adele's as I heard her moan with pleasure and delight at the attention her man was giving her. But my mind was soon brought back to my own man as I suddenly felt him slide my legs open firmly and climb between them. I prepared myself to feel his huge cock slide into me but was delighted when his tongue rasped over my clit and sent a tingle rippling through my whole body. I closed my eyes and let myself be tongue fucked as he licked up and down my slit, then a nibble on my clit, then more licks from top to bottom of my now soaking wet cunt. I was gone. I was now ready and willing for anything. Once the first two men had 'warmed us up' the curtain suddenly opened and the tent began to fill with the same, muscle building type men that were currently bringing me, at least, to my first delightful orgasm of the night. Judging by Adele's moans as she lay beneath her man I knew that she, to, was entering sex heaven.

The Arab between my legs was now using his powerful hands to open my cunt lips up as he drove his tongue hard and fast into my wet pussy. My hips were thrusting up and down in an effort to force his head firmly into me and I eventually let go of Adele's hand and I used both hands to press firmly on the head between my open legs. Suddenly my eyes partly focused on the Bedouin who dropped down beside my head and, grabbing my head, turned it to face him. My eyes widened at the huge cock that was staring me in the face and my mouth opened automatically to suck it into me. The thrust of it as it's owner rammed into me almost choked me but I soon regained my breath and started to suck the firm shaft as it pushed in and out of my waiting, sucking, mouth. My cunt was still being licked and sucked as the man slid his tongue over it and into my wetness. I screamed onto the cock in my mouth as I reached my first orgasm and my body shuddered as it tore through me. This was a signal for the man between my legs to stop licking and I felt my legs raised and opened and I screamed again as the cock rammed hard and deep into me. Not in pain did I scream; but in pure pleasure as his cock reamed back and forth into my pussy; the cock in my mouth doing the same. In and out the cocks pounded until suddenly the throbbing prick in my mouth spurted its hot cum deep into my throat and I had no choice but to swallow. And my God did I swallow. So much spunk spurted into me that I almost drowned on it.

The cock in my cunt was still pounding away deep and hard as the one in my mouth sagged and withdrew. I turned my head to look at my girlfriend getting fucked beside me and smiled as I saw the pleasure she too was undergoing. My head was suddenly turned to the side again by a large pair of brown hands and another cock slid into my mouth just as the guy between my legs erupted his cum deep into my wet slit. I felt every spurt as it gushed deep into me until the cock finally withdrew and I saw the man stand up and move to the side to allow another tribesman to kneel between my open legs. I moaned again as I felt the new cock push into me deep and hard. I began to suck frantically on the cock in my mouth as my pussy was rammed deeper and harder. This new comer to my wet cunt didn't last as long as the first and after just a dozen or so pokes into me I felt his cock slide from my slit and then felt the hot cum from it as it spurted over my stomach and tits. Just then the man fucking my mouth let out a loud yell, pulled his cock from my throat and sent his spunk splashing hard over my face, mouth and even my hair. My eyes were watching the mans cock as he grasped it tightly while he wanked his hot cum over me. Before he had even finished spurting another Arab dropped to his knees beside my head and eased his prick between my lips. I took the length of the shaft deep into me, as before, and began to suck while he fucked. 

Suddenly I felt my ankles gripped tightly and my legs pulled apart to allow another cock to enter my now very wet pussy. As it rammed into me the cock that had only just slid into my mouth spurted almost immediately and again my mouth was full of hot semen. The cock was pulled out while it was still spurting and again my face felt the delights of new spunk as it splashed over me. I had turned my head to look up again and saw two more guys, cocks in hand, wanking themselves off as they towered above me. Everywhere I looked all I could see were naked men with hard cocks either waiting to get to me or wanking off close to me. I again turned to look at Adele but there were naked arses staring me in the face as their owners were doing whatever they were doing to my friend's body.

One of the men wanking himself as he stood above me suddenly spurted and hot globules of thick cum splattered over my tits, my naval and my face. A large tribesman suddenly appeared above my head and he squatted down and slid his huge cock into my mouth leaving his naked arse hovering above my eyes and forehead as he expertly used his leg muscles to lift himself up and down so that his cock fucked between my spread lips and into the back of my throat. I couldn't see but I felt a pair of hands moulding my tits in their open palms and then a second later the hands were replace by a mouth as I had first one nipple sucked and then the other. There was a cock ramming my cunt again and it spurted into me just as the cock in my mouth erupted and I had hot cum entering me in two different places at the same time.

I was in heaven.

There was no roughness, no physical abuse, just cock after cock fucking my mouth and my soaking wet slit. Wet from my own juices from the many orgasms that kept erupting through me; and wet from the endless amount of spunk that was being pumped into me. The thought rushed through my mind that if these guys had all pulled out before cumming then my pussy would be feeling a little sore by now. But the white sperm served to lubricate me in readiness for the next cock to plunge in and fuck me. I had started to count the cocks as they fucked both my mouth and my pussy but after counting 8 in my mouth and 6 in my slit I gave up and just took them as they rammed and pounded my two holes. I also lost count of the guys that just wanked themselves off over me while their comrades fucked me. My body, my face and my hair was covered in white spunk that trickled down to soak the pillows either side of me and under me.

A cock left my mouth and I gazed in awe and a slight amount of trepidation at the size of the next cock to come into view and head towards my mouth. It was huge. It was the biggest cock I had ever seen. I lie not when I say it must have been over 12" long. Even Linda Lovelace would have had trouble sucking this monster into her throat. As the owner knelt beside me and slowly slid it in I tilted my head in an effort to take as much as possible but when it hit the depths of my open throat there was still a few inches outside of my mouth. I had a cock pounding away inside my pussy but this was forgotten about as I concentrated on the beast that was gently reaming my mouth and throat. When the owner came his hot spunk spurted straight down into my throat without the hot liquid entering my mouth. I gagged and I could hardly breathe as my nostrils attempted to suck in the much needed air. My throat was full of heaving cock and cum. I had a job to swallow even until the cocks owner realised what was happening and pulled his tool from my mouth and gave me a chance to swallow the spunk left in my throat; but still his cock continued to spurt out white fluid that now mixed with the other cum that was running down my face. I orgasmed again just before the cock in my pussy erupted inside me and mixed with my own juices as well as those of the many cocks that had already emptied into me.

Half expecting to feel a replacement cock in my soaking slit I was pleasantly surprised to feel a tongue instead. It drove deep into me a few times before I felt the guy sucking at my slit as he feasted on the juices inside me. My juices and his comrade's juices and maybe even his own were sucked from me just as another load of cum splattered over my tits from above. I was a mess. But I was enraptured with what was happening to me. Again I turned to look at Adele to check if she was ok, but again my view was partially obstructed by naked men kneeling beside her or standing over her. I could hear her screams and I knew they were screams of pleasure so I turned my head back again just as another cock erupted over my face and hair.

The guy between my legs was still sucking and licking away at my cunt when a tribesman stood astride me and knelt down on my stomach so as to slide his huge cock between my firm tits. I lifted my hands and pushed my breasts together so as to clamp his cock tightly between them as he started to move his hips and fuck my tits. I stared down at the red, bulbous head of the cock as it appeared, and then disappeared, before reappearing to point a few inches from my chin. Faster and faster he fucked my tits as I held them tight together and prepared myself for the eruption that would send even more hot spunk towards my face. An Arab was now stood astride my head and as I looked up briefly above me I could see his arse and balls as he gripped his cock tightly while he jerked himself off. If he carried on the way he was going it would be his comrades head that got splattered but he suddenly dropped his hand from his cock before kneeling down at the top of my head and; gripping his cock tightly again he suddenly erupted over my head and onto my face just as the cock that was fucking my tits spurted its hot cum out from the tiny hole in the head to join the spunk that was hitting my face from behind.

It was then that I felt the many pairs of hands lift me to my feet whilst a very tall Arab lay on his back on the cushions that I had just vacated. His cock was rigid in front of him as it pointed towards the top of the tent. I knew immediately what was required of me and slid my legs over his body and slowly knelt down just above his cock. His hands reached up and grasped my tits and he began to mould them together as if he was kneading bread. Very carefully I lowered myself until I felt the tip of his cock enter my wetness. I held it there for a moment to torment him before letting myself drop fully onto the huge, stiff prick that spread my cunt wide as it entered me. And then I rode him. Like he rode his desert stallions I rode him. Up and down I bounced with joy as he continued to mould my tits together in his huge hands.

Faster and faster my hips jerked up and down as I rode that lovely cock inside my cunt. Suddenly another man stood astride the body of the man I was so eagerly fucking and his cock slid into my mouth as his hands went around the back of my head to force it forward and into his groin. I gasped as the cock fucked hard into my mouth and the cock beneath me started to quiver inside me just that second before it erupted hot globules of cum into my pounding cunt. I kept going as I milked his cock into me; at the same time having my mouth fucked deeper and harder until that too spurted inside me. I felt my pussy being filled with sperm as I slowly eased down my pace until the cock inside me went limp. Obviously more of the tribesmen wanted to try this position and I was lifted off the cock beneath me while another took its place. Again I sank my hips down and my wet pussy was again filled with throbbing cock as I began to ride it. Again a cock entered my mouth just as another man knelt beside me and wrapped his mouth around one of my nipples while he pinched and pulled at the other. Again I came as I picked up the pace of my fucking and again I felt the hot sperm from the cock in my mouth flood into me. Again my cunt was filled with hot sperm as the cock I was riding ejaculated deep inside me.

I climbed from my 'ride' to allow another to take his place and I sank my hips down onto him just as I felt two pairs of hands on my shoulders. Gently they eased me forward and down so that my face was inches from the face of the guy I was about to ride. For an instant I thought they wanted us to kiss; but then I felt a pair of hands on my buttocks and felt some knees press against me and suddenly realised that one of them intended to fuck me in the arse. However he held back for a moment as he leant forward and whispered to me;

"Yes?"

I hesitated just a fraction before turning my head slightly to reply.

"YES. Yes go for it."

I braced myself for the thrust into my tight arse, made even tighter by the large, stiff cock still inside my cunt, and not knowing how big the prick at the entrance to my arse was. Thankfully it was an average size, smaller than some cocks that had felt the delights of my tight arse hole, and also he slid it in slowly rather than just ram it in. Judging by the ease the cock slid into me I felt sure he had lubricated himself first and I delighted in the thoughtfulness of him. Slowly he pressed forward until I felt my arse opening to receive him and the pleasure of having a cock in my arse as well as in my cunt was thrilling. Bent over as I was I found it difficult to ride the cock in my pussy but the guy beneath me suddenly began to thrust his hips up and down and sent his weapon reaming into me as the cock in my arse began to pick up speed. Before long both cocks were ramming hard and deep into me and I began to scream with the shear pleasure of it. My scream was halted, however, as my head was suddenly turned to the side and another cock entered my mouth. And that was it. I was gone. With mind blowing ecstasy I was having my mouth fucked, my cunt fucked and my arse fucked. I'm sure if they had been big enough someone would have tried to fuck my ears.

I came.

Cocks rammed into my three holes over and over again; pushing; thrusting; pounding me into heights that I had rarely reached before as I took every thrust with erotic pleasure.

I came again.

The men fucking into me were moaning loudly; especially the ones in my tight arse and pussy. I knew that they could feel each other's cocks as they almost touched head to head through the thin membrane that only just separated them. Deeper, harder, faster. In and out they drove into me. The cock in my mouth suddenly spurted its load and filled my throat with more hot spunk. Still cumming it withdrew and finished by splattering my face just as another cock took its place in my mouth. I felt globules of cum splatter over my back from a guy that had been wanking himself off beside me. I felt the cock in my arse suddenly stiffen slightly before it, too, spurted hot sperm into me. Wave after wave hit the depths of my arse just as the prick in my pussy also erupted to fill my hole with more cum.

For a few moments I was left with all of my fuckable holes empty as I was lifted off of the cock in my slit and the cock in my arse was pulled free. Another man lay down on the cushions but this time, instead of lowering my pussy onto his erect cock, I knelt down between his open legs and wrapped my mouth around his huge shaft. He groaned loudly as I took his cock deep into my throat and began what was probably the best blow job he had had in his life. As expected I soon felt hands on my arse cheeks as another Bedouin positioned himself behind me. The thrust, when it came, was sudden and forceful and I screamed with pain onto the cock in my mouth. I heard a shout behind me and the cock in my arse suddenly pulled out. I let the prick slide from my lips as I looked around to see what was happening. A big, hefty looking Arab was being led, naked, from the tent by two of his comrades and I realised that they were forcing him out because he had been rough and hurt me. I smiled to myself as I again bent over and slid the cock back into my mouth as another pair of hands gripped my arse cheeks and another cock slid, slowly this time, into the depths of my arse.

Over and over again I was taken in this position, sometimes with cock in my pussy and my mouth; other times with just cock in my mouth as well as the thrusting, rampant cocks that were plummeting the depths of my small, tight arse.

Eventually the tent began to empty as the number of the Bedouin tribesmen began to decrease. At the end I was again on my back with men fucking my soaking wet slit and my now aching mouth until there were just two left attending to me and two fucking the last drops of energy out of Adele. I had seen little of her since the start of the gang bang as she had been surrounded by rampant men, as had I been, and I had also been paying a lot of attention to the many, many cocks that had fucked into me in one hole or another.

One last spurt of cum filled my mouth as another cock unloaded his pent up sperm into my very full, very wet slit. I thanked God for the invention of the birth pill as I suddenly thought of the many millions of microscopic possibilities that had shot into me over the last few hours.

Finally Adele and I were alone. We looked at each other as we fell, exhausted, onto the pillows and slid our arms around each others cum covered bodies. We looked deep into each other's eyes and smiled to each other as our lips met in a long, drawn out passionate kiss; the like of which can only happen between two girls as close as Adele and I was.

Our lips finally parted as she whispered softly;

"Are you ok sweetheart?" A gentle kiss to my forehead.

"Yes my love I'm fine. Happy, exhausted and totally fucked. But I'm fine. And you sweetness?"
