 Jillian let the final wisps of chocolate melt into her tongue as she processed Mike's words, and his tone of voice. He wasn't kidding. The boys wanted their evening to continue. She was spent!

All around Jillian, Mike and Tom the club was slithering with intertwined bodies kissing, fucking ... threesomes doing whatever their hearts and bodies desired. The lights at some point had been dimmed, and Jillian also noticed the music had changed to a more subdued American style jazz. The techno beat had waned making the club take on a slinkier, sexier atmosphere.

Jillian's night in Brugge, Belgium had certainly been one for the books, and it still wasn't over. Meeting these two men had been such a gift - she needed to be sure to thank the old woman in the chocolaterie before she left town. That bite of dark chocolate had surely made her wish come true. What more did the old woman know?

Another round of martinis was on the way, and Jillian wondered how many more she could drink before she hit the floor, literally. The threesome had not eaten dinner, and she was famished after the time they had just spent ravishing each other. As if on cue, their lovely server appeared with their drinks, and with an amazing tray of assorted fruit, cheese, and meats. She set the tray down and winked at the threesome.

"I'm sure you're hungry darling," purred the server to Jillian. She had a French accent and her darling came out like daahlingg. "Please let me know if there is anything else I can do for you." With that, she spun on her heels and walked away, hips swaying gracefully on long, slender legs. Jillian noticed Mike and Tom following the server's ass until she rounded a corner that rendered her invisible.

"Mmmhmm," Jillian made a noise and cleared her throat to recapture the boys' attention. They both turned to her quickly, and all three laughed at the bemused look on Jillians face. "I love your sexual appetites," she giggled, "but you still haven't told me what's next."

Before either of her sexy companions could answer her, their attention was drawn to the table next to them. Each table had five feet or so of space between them to allow ample room to move around. For the most part tables kept to themselves, with each threesome simply doing their own thing. Sometimes people would stop and watch another table, perhaps while eating or taking a break like she and her men were doing, but for the most part no one really stopped and stared. However, this table had the room noise down to a hush and most eyes were now on them.

The threesome was a group like Jillians, two men and one woman. All three were extremely fit, their well defined muscles moving gracefully under flawless skin. The woman looked to be in her late 20's, her long blonde hair hanging perfectly straight down to her waist. Her skin was creamy white and her eyes a beautiful light blue. She looked very Scandinavian. 

Both men were dark haired and clean cut, with imposing physiques. Broad shoulders tapered to trim waistlines, and Jillian noticed even in the dim light that their skin tone was olive - Italian looking, and neither one of them had tan lines. When she finally made her way down to what was hanging between their legs, Jillian audibly gasped.

Tom and Mike both laughed at Jillians face, and she caught herself with her mouth agape and eyes bulging. The cocks on these two men were, well, they had to be enhanced in some way. They were absolutely enormous. Not that Jillian would know, but she guessed 10" in length and the girth was so that she didn't think her fingers would touch if she had her hand around one of the shafts. No wonder the room had come to a standstill. This was like watching works of art by Michelangelo and Botticelli fuck in living color. They were mesmerizing.

The chatter in the room slowly resumed, and Jillian turned away just as the lovely woman was lowering herself onto one of those amazing cocks. She began to ride her stallion slowly, the man lying on his back, as close to the table edge as he could be. The other man stepped up to the woman's backside and pushed her forward, exposing her ass to him. As she continued to grind her hips into the man below, their partner in crime slid his cock into her ass. Jillian loved the look on the woman's face ... a beautiful mix of pain and pleasure to be sure. It occurred to her she had never experienced a double penetration before. And here she thought herself so worldly in the realm of sex!

Before long, the drinks and the tray of wonderful treats were a memory. The threesome's conversation turned from general discussion to how the remaining early morning hours would be spent. Jillian had been thankful for the break from sex and sex talk. It made the night seem less sleazy to her. She enjoyed getting to know Mike and Tom. Learning about them made the experience so much more personal, and enjoyable.

Jillian found out that Mike was indeed married, and he was 36. After their 2nd son had been born, his wife suffered some kind of frigidity issue, and was so far unable to overcome it. Mike said they had an amazing sex life before the 2nd baby, and yes part of him felt guilty for going outside of their marriage to assuage his needs. He spoke kindly of his wife, and Jillian knew he did indeed love the woman. She felt for his predicament and didn't judge. 

Tom she discovered was divorced, and was 44. He and his ex had never had children, and he'd been single for 3 years. He didn't seem too interested in telling his story like Mike had done, and Jillian didn't push. He talked about his passions which were golf and fishing, and he spoke lovingly of his vacation home in the Florida Keys. He even hinted to Jillian that he would be pleased to have her visit him there. She felt herself blush when he mentioned this, and she realized she really liked the guy. She liked them both actually, a lot. They had both gone out of their way to make her feel prized, not like a piece of meat to be used for their pleasure. What an evening!

As talk between the three of them returned to the club, and sex, attention returned to Jillian as the focal point of their evening. Tom leaned in and brushed his lips against her left ear while Mike's hands made their way to her inner thighs. The heat began to build in her core and she could once again feel her panties begin to moisten. She had on a brand new pair, courtesy of the club. Tom had chosen them – a delicate yellow, lacy French cut style that fit her curves beautifully.

"Ok," Mike said, as he briefly interrupted the kissing and touching they were enjoying. "We have some options. First, we could stay here, and continue our play at the table like we did earlier. Second, we could take this back to one of our rooms, and spend the night in bed together in a more traditional sense." "Or," he said with what Jillian recognized instantly as a shit eating grin, "we can choose door number 3."

Jillian looked to Tom to see if he happened to know what door number 3 was. She really hadn't delved into how often these two had been seducing women, but she assumed this wasn't the first time. The look on Tom's face however was one of keen interest, so she guessed only Mike knew what was coming next. "Well," she goaded, "fill us in."

Mike smiled. "I knew you had a sense of adventure. Tom, you in?"

Tom shook his head and grinned. "I'm in. I have no clue where you're going with this, but I'm in."

Mike turned his head and motioned to a door on the opposite side of the room. Jillian had noticed it earlier, but paid little attention as it had a TP MEMBERS ONLY sign hanging from an ornate hook about two thirds the way up the door. The sign was in three languages, bless the Belgians. It was hard to even see it now since the lights had been dimmed.

"Jillian," Tom began, "this is going to be up to you and your sense of adventure. That door leads to a small theatre. There are all kinds of contraptions on a small stage that we can use while others sit in the audience to watch."

Tom couln't hide his look of amazement. "You've been holding out on me? We've never talked about this room before," he said good naturedly. 

Mike grinned as he answered his good friend and boss. "I had to wait for my raise so I could afford the pass to this room. I've seen it, but never used it. The TP you see on the door is "theatre pass." Turns out there are many rooms to this place, each requiring an additional fee. If you'd given me that raise earlier we could have done this sooner." Tom grinned and shook his head. Then Mike turned his attention to Jillian. "What do you think Jill?"

Jillian considered this. She reflected on how amazing the night had been to this point, and how the thought of public sex was of interest to her. She was in the loveliest city on earth, in an erotic sex club, and the odds of her running into someone she knew were slim to none. As long as that stage wasn't being webcast or videotaped, she was game. "I'm in," she said with a shy smile. "I assume that room is secure, like "what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas?"

Mike laughed out loud. "You bet it is. This is an exclusive place sweetie. No one talks. If anything taped ever leaked the owners would be crucified. And I'm being literal. This place is no farce. Identity and discretion are taken VERY seriously. You have nothing to fear."

With a last sip of her dirty martini Jillian smiled and said "shall we?"

Tom was up instantly to pull Jillian's chair out for her. As he had been all night, he was at her side like a knight in shining armor. His hand was at the small of her back as they walked towards the door. Once more Mike pulled his plain white card from his wallet and slid it through the device next to the knob. A barely audible click of the mechanism inside and they were in.

The theatre was lovely and ornate. It was large, and Jillian guessed it seated 300 people. The seats were dressed in olive green velvet and were oversized and plush. From the way some members were using them she could see they reclined. It seemed to Jillian that the theatre was perhaps half full. She noticed the ceiling was lit indirectly and she could see beautiful murals depicting every sex act imaginable adorned most of the space. The area over the audience was rather dark. Most of the light was focused onto the stage.

Mike led Jillian and Tom to the third row of seats, where they sat in seats 8, 9 and 10. Tom explained these were his seats, he actually owned seat 11 too. He joked it was like holding seasons tickets to sex. Nothing was happening on the stage when they sat down, but just a couple of minute's later music began to play. It was haunting music, slow and sexy. It reminded Jillian of music she had heard at Cirque du Soliel's production of Quiddam.

From behind heavy theatrical curtains a figure appeared. It was a man, dressed in black and white harlequin garb from head to toe. Even his face was painted. Jillian was mesmerized as he began to speak in a lovely, clear British accent.

"Our next event is sure to please. Let's begin with one woman, and one man. Have I any volunteers?"

A moment of silence went by. Jillian glanced at her watch. It was 2:15am; perhaps the audience was spent for the evening. Suddenly she felt a tug at her hand. To her horror Tom stood up pulling her along with him. "We'll volunteer!" he said to the harlequin man. 

Jillian tugged back, not wanting to leave her seat. She just wasn't ready. She looked up at Tom and locked eyes with him pleading for him not to do this. He smiled gently and bent to her, cupping her chin with his right hand. "You and I were meant for this place, come with me."

Yielding to his pleading eyes, and allowing Tom to pull her to her feet, Jillian stood up. The heat in her face and the butterflies in her stomach were making her dizzy. Somewhere in the background she heard scattered applause. Oh my God she thought to herself, what have I done? Other theatre goers were watching them make their way onto the stage. The lights over the audience went completely dark, and the stage became spotlighted. Jillian felt her palms becoming clammy under Tom's firm grip. Was he nervous too?

Harlequin man smiled as they approached, and he took Jillian by one hand and Tom with his other. "Let me introduce ...?" he began, and looked to the pair for names. 

"Tom and Jillian," Tom said boldly. Jillian was amazed reading Tom's calm demeanor. He looked very at home standing there for all to see, just smiling out into the audience. Of course they were both still dressed so maybe his nerves hadn't become unhinged like hers were about to.

While the Harlequin man introduced them formally and welcomed them Jillian took a moment to glance behind her as the heavy theatrical drapes began to slide open. Hanging from the ceiling was something that looked like a black hammock, but made of a silky looking material. There were two round openings near the top, and two loops dangling from the back side. What the hell was that? 

Next to the apparatus was a simple black chair, recliner style. It faced the audience.

When Jillian tuned back in the Harlequin man was dropping their hands, telling them to begin when they were ready. The spotlight dimmed which she was grateful for as it was becoming very warm on stage. She looked out toward the audience and she discovered she was grateful yet again for not really being able to see faces due to the darkness. She turned to Tom. "What do we do now, and what is that contraption?"

Tom simply took her face in his hands and began kissing her. He was so good at it, so sensual that Jillian thought her knees might buckle. She could feel the odd sensation of being watched fading slowly as she grew more and more involved in his kiss. He brushed his hands through her hair, grabbing a fistful at the nape of her neck. He suddenly pulled her head back and held her neck exposed. His left hand grabbed at the front of her top and simply tore it from her body. There was a moment of discomfort as the seams were pulled into her skin, but the garment fell away easily.

The audience gasped and there was a smattering of applause. Jillian stood there, now only in her bra, skirt and heels. Tom turned her to face the audience and stood behind her. He took her wrists and held them in one large hand behind her back, while he unhooked her bra with the other. As the lacy cups fell to the floor she could suddenly feel the weight of her breasts. She was an ample D cup; all natural ... once the support was gone they weren't quite as perky. For a moment she was embarrassed and wanted to run, but Tom held her fast. The audience once more reacted with cheers and whistles. One man even shouted "darling, your lovely!" Tom's hands moving to her nipples distracted her once more from the audience.

He remained behind her, still holding her wrists while he cupped her right breast, expertly rolling her now very hard nipple in his fingers. She let her head fall back and rest on his chest. She could feel his hard on pressing into her back and was delighted he was turned on. She noticed the wet feeling between her thighs. She had no idea feeling so exposed would make her feel so sexy.

Tom released her hands but stayed put, running both hands down her sides, to her skirt. He was clearly feeling for the zipper, and found it in a moment at her side. He slid the zipper down, and as he did so there was simply a swoosh sound, and Jillian found herself standing only in her heels and yellow panties. Once again there was a reaction from the crowd.

Tom came around to face her, his back now to the audience. He kneeled in front of her, and without hesitation peeled the panties from her hips. She steadied herself on his shoulders as she stepped out of the garment. With the panties gone, she could actually feel her wetness running down her thighs. Again without hesitation, Tom plunged his mouth onto that wetness.

Jillian let her head fall back as Tom began to lick and suckle at her lips, her clit ... then his hand came around to find her tight anal entry. She didn't think she could stand up much longer. She looked down to Tom to tell him, but he must have felt her weakness. He stood up and scooped her into his arms. He carried her to the hammock like device. It began to lower as they approached. Off to stage right Jillian could see the harlequin man holding a control in his hand. He could raise and lower the device at will.

Once she and Tom were close, she could see how the contraption worked. It hung now about waist high, and all Jillian had to do was step into the two loops – they fit nicely around each of her thighs. Then fell gently forward into the silky hammock part. Her breasts fell through the holes that were cut into the fabric. He head hung over the end so all she could do was look down.

As soon as she was in, she immediately began to move upward. It was like levitating. The harlequin man was raising the height of the device ... he stopped when her crotch was about head high for Tom. In the end, her tits were exposed, and the loops on her legs held them apart for total access to her pussy. The audience let out a raucous cheer and a woman yelled to Tom to "make her cum!!"

Jillian realized there had really been no conversation between her and Tom. It had just been raw sexuality. She loved it.

Underneath her Tom went back to work on her pussy. She could hear him, feel him licking and slurping up her wetness. He reached forward and played with both nipples. Jillian finally let out a groan of pleasure; she simply couldn't hold it in any longer. All inhibition was gone, all nervousness had been abated. Like the woman had said, all she wanted to do at this point was cum. 

Tom fingered her clit, and with her wetness slid a finger up her slit to her ass, and filled her tight little hole. Again Jillian cried out, and the audience cheered with her. The tightness in her pussy was becoming an ache she needed satisfied. She was bucking her hips now, trying her best to rub against Tom's face to make her orgasm happen. Suddenly, Tom stepped away.

The audience grew quiet with anticipation. Tom strolled underneath Jillian and stood where she could see him. Quietly he undressed. He never took his eyes from her, but shed all of his clothing. He looked absolutely magnificent standing there with nothing but his raging hard on. He began to stroke himself.

Turning to the audience Tom spoke. "Now I need 2 volunteers besides my good friend Mike to help me make the lovely Jillian cum. I would like to cum with her." 

Jillian was shocked! Who would finish her off? She turned her head towards the audience and she caught sight of Mike just as he made his way to the stage. Trailing behind him was a man and a woman holding hands.

As if on cue, harlequin man came onto the stage and introduced Mike, then the couple, Michel and Greta. With three new partners in place, harlequin man adjusted for the height change and lowered the hammock device a few inches.

Tom turned and sat in the recliner. Looking up at Jillian he began again stroking himself. Greta and Michel walked underneath her, each taking a nipple into their mouths. Mike took his place at her crotch, and the three new apprentices began working her over.

Jillian had never felt so completely overwhelmed. Her nipples were like a direct connect to her pussy, the feeling was so very intense. Michel and Greta were nibbling and sucking, it was absolute heaven. Mike meanwhile plunged his tongue into her pussy hole, fucking her with expertise. His hands worked her clit and her asshole. She began to moan and writhe in the device. She began to make it swing a little, so Mike reached up to steady her in the air. The crowd was becoming louder, chanting for her to cum.


Not only was Jillian physically overwhelmed, all she had to do was look down to watch Tom jerking off for her. His cock looked huge, the veins engorged. The spotlight showed his droplets of precum just at the tip, ready to drip their way down his shaft. He clearly loved every moment of the show. He reached down with his other hand and cupped his balls while he continued stroking.
