 It is a hot, humid Mediterranean night. Louisa is dancing with her friends in a nightclub at a coastal resort town. She breaks off from her group and dances over to a crowd of six guys dancing close by. They all look to her to be in their late twenties. 

She dances around them and through the centre of their group a few times, throwing each of them coquettish glances over her shoulder. They all compete for her attention as she glides past them with twisting hips, but before long she dances back over to her friends. Holding a hand up with nodding fingers to wave good bye as she goes.

******

Louisa and her friend are taking a break from their dancing. They are standing by the wall chatting over the loud music and enjoying a drink. The six guys from earlier file past her on the way to the bar, making eye contact with her as they pass. Unconsciously, Louisa drops her gaze and blushes slightly.

******

Having returned to the dance floor, Louisa suddenly feels a pair of hands come to rest on her hips. She turns her head as she continues dancing and sees one of the six guys from earlier. They sway together as she looks him up and down over her shoulder.

Turning her head back around, she sees another of the guys has joined them and is dancing in front of her. The three move together as they dance and soon Louisa is sandwiched between the two of them. They press up against her, front and back.

Louisa writhes herself between them. Her heartbeat quickens as their strong bodies press against her. She feels her passions rising and also realises that she is not the only one whose blood is up. As she gyrates her hips against her dance partners, she can feel them becoming engorged as they move against her sexy body.

She squeezes herself from between them and leads them both off the dance floor to where they can talk. The three of them make small talk for a while and the guys introduce themselves as Ethan and Doug. Louisa tells them how much she enjoyed their dancing and Doug asks her if she would like to walk along the beach with them.

They exit the nightclub and walk down the short stretch of road to the shore. It's dark, yet a clear night and the beach is illuminated by the nearby street lights and a large gibbous moon. They wander along the sands as they chat, until Louisa asks if either of them has ever had sex on a beach.

The guys stop walking. Realising this, Louisa comes to a halt just ahead and then turns to face them.

"Why, is that something you'd like to try?" asks Ethan.

"Well, I don't know..." replies Louisa, suddenly a little embarrassed.

"The beach is deserted. It would be as good a time to try it as any if you are." Doug suggests.

"It would be a little awkward. There's two of you and only one of me. I wouldn't like you to fight over me!"

"Don't you think you could take both of us on at once?" asks Ethan.

Louisa blushes extensively. She has always dreamed of being with two guys, but it is not a fantasy she has thusfar had the courage to turn into a reality. She steps a couple of paces forward towards them both and moves between them, putting an arm around each guy's waist.

They place their hands on her and they both kiss her shoulders and the sides of her neck. Louisa reaches down to the front of their trousers and fondles their swelling cocks through the fabric. The guys both unfasten themselves and Louisa reaches in to take out their dicks, stroking them as they rapidly grow and stiffen in her hands.

Louisa gets on to her knees and takes each of them in turn into her mouth. She sucks on them both before Ethan helps her to her feet and turns her around. He slides his hands up her dress and pulls down her underwear. They slip down Louisa's shapely legs and to the floor. She steps out of them and Ethan hitches up her dress. He grabs her hip with his left hand and guides her down into a bending position with his right.

Louisa grips her hands on to Doug's hips and takes him in her mouth once more as she feels Ethan's cock edging between her thighs and towards her pussy. He finds she is already dripping wet as he eases inside of her.

Encouraged by this, he starts to fuck her. Louisa grabs a firmer hold of Doug so she does not take him too deeply in her mouth as Ethan pushes against her with every bump of his hips.

Louisa gasps around Doug's cock as Ethan increases the speed of his thrusts. He fucks her hard, pounding himself into her as he pulls her onto him by her hips. He withdraws and helps her back to a standing position. Doug turns her round to face Ethan and pushes her down towards him as he now hitches up her dress.

Doug starts off more slowly with her but, being slightly longer than Ethan, he's soon entering her very deeply with slow, forceful thrusts. Louisa moans with the pleasure of being penetrated as she fellates Ethan.

Louisa finds that she very much enjoys having two cocks to please her and sucks eagerly on Ethan's dick as Doug fucks her with increasing vigour. Ethan pulls away from her and sits down on the sand by her, pulling his trousers down as he does so.

He beckons Louisa over but Doug pulls her towards him instead. He pushes himself into her as deeply as he can before releasing his grip. Unhanded, Louisa stumbles forwards a little before catching her balance. She lifts off her dress and unhooks her bra. Dropping them onto the sand, she stands over Ethan and kneels down to straddle him.

Louisa rides Ethan as Doug moves closer. She grabs his dick and begins to suck it again. Bucking her hips over Ethan with ever greater urgency, her movements become jerky as she moans louder and louder until she reaches an intense orgasm.

Doug's cock falls from her mouth as she breathes heavily in loud, sharp gasps. Before she gathers herself, Doug has removed his trousers and has moved round to a crouch behind her. Ethan pulls her down and gently holds her close to him as she rocks her hips slowly up and down. Louisa soon feels the tip of Doug's cock pushing against her ass.

Doug eases his cock against Louisa's ass hole. It yields slightly, but he can't quite penetrate her. Moving slowly back and forth, he manages to ease the tip of his dick into her, but can't get the entire head of it in.

He stands back up and Louisa takes him back into her mouth. Meanwhile Ethan grabs her ass and pulls himself out of her. He takes his cock in his hand and positions it against Louisa's ass hole. Lubricated as it is from Louisa's pussy, it slides straight into her, about a quarter of the way along its length.

Louisa gasps and starts to ride him harder, frantically rubbing her pussy against Ethan's firm stomach. She grinds her hips into Ethan ever harder as her pleasure creeps back upon her inexorably. Pushing her ass down hard onto Ethan's engorged cock, she orgasms once more.

"I'm going to try putting it in your ass again." Doug tells her once she gets her breath back.

"But Ethan's already fucking me there."

"So you came from getting it in your ass? You wonderfully dirty girl! It's my turn now though."

Doug puts his hand on Louisa's shoulder and eases her off Ethan. She rolls onto her side with her head resting on Ethan's stomach. Doug lies down behind her and eases his dick into her ass without difficulty this time. He grabs onto her hip and begins to thrust his long cock into her as she fellates Ethan.

Louisa had long fantasised about being with two guys at once and the reality is everything she had hoped for. She feels blissfully satisfied as their dicks slide in and out of her ass and mouth. However her main fantasy about being with two guys has always been to be double penetrated.

She slips herself off Doug and climbs back up to straddle Ethan. She guides his dick back into her pussy as Doug climbs up behind her again. His cock eases itself back into Louisa's ass and she groans with the pleasure of feeling fuller than she ever has before.

Louisa leans over and lets the guys thrust themselves into her pussy and ass as another orgasm rises in her. They fuck her hard as the excitement grows in the three of them. Ethan pushes his hips into hers as his dick slides back and forth deeply in her pussy, while Doug pounds himself into her ass with long, powerful thrusts. 

Louisa lets out a scream of ecstasy as both of their dicks spasm simultaneously. The three of them climax together as the guys shoot their cum up inside her. She flops down exhausted onto Ethan as the guys slowly move themselves back and forth inside her. Louisa's insides stroking the last of their sperm out of them and into her pussy and ass.

Disentangling themselves from each other, they pick up their clothes and redress. Brushing the sand off themselves and each other as they do. Louisa giggles as they walk back up towards the road, where they bump into Doug and Ethan's four friends, who Louisa recognises from her dancing with them earlier.

"Have any of you guys ever had sex on a beach?" Louisa asks them.