 It was a beautiful day in California as usual. The four friends decided to spend the afternoon together having a cookout and some adult conversation. Sed sat on the picnic table in her short cut offs and barely there halter-top. The hot sun pierced down on her big tits, causing beads to build up. As Mike turned the steaks he caught her out of the corner of his eye and licked his lips. He hungered to taste the liquid running through those big delicious tits. He brushed his hand over his pants where his cock stood erect from looking at her. 

Mike thought to himself of ways to bring the nights events to an erotic sexual escavaganza. He looked toward Sed once more. His eyes leered at her and lust filled him for her. It was so hard to concentrate on the steaks. Hell, IT was so hard! His cock aching to slide between her legs right then and there! But he waited it wasn't the time. He had to work at getting his mind off her, but he kept looking back. Her long curly red hair was blowing in the breeze. Her long neck, o0o her long neck just waiting to be sucked! 

He said to himself, " no Mike. Your suppose to be cooking steaks not cooking your cock, damn it!" AAH this woman! He couldn't take his mind off her. 

Sed glanced over and saw him looking her over. She was an incurable flirt. She turned and lay on the table, her legs toward Mike. She spread them with her knees up far enough to see between them. Her shorts so tight the imprint of her pussy was visible through them. To tease him further, she held one leg up and rubbed from foot to thigh, then the same with the other. She glanced back to see if he was still looking. He was picking up the spatula he had dropped when she gave him a sly grin and he saw her. She loved turning his head like that. He was always so smooth, so cool, but not with Sed around. That woman! That beautiful, sexy, seductive woman had him turned into jelly! 

"That's what I am," Mike said to himself, "A fucking jelly fish!"

She saw him having this...inner struggle. She thought it so adorable. She knew he was a strong man, and very good looking and well built. It was just his eagerness to be with her that was making him come unglued, so to speak. An instant attraction is what the two shared.  

Samantha and Jim came up the steps from their swim. Jim caught Sed teasing as he dried his face with the towel.

He asked, "What have you too been doing?"

Mike said, "Oh, you know with a smirk." 

Sed sat up and crossed her legs in front of her on the top of the table, and said, " We haven't been doing to much. Did you enjoy your swim?" Jim said, "yes we did," as he sat behind Sam on the chaise lounger, drying her back with the towel. 

After, Sam and Sed went into the kitchen to get the table ready. 

Jim went up to Mike and asked him what was going on when they came up?

Mike said, " well...if you would have been a little longer there just might have been something to tell." 

The two took the steaks and went into the kitchen with the ladies who just finished making a new batch of margaritas. Sam coaxed everyone to go out to the picnic table to eat. They all followed. After a few minutes of idle chit chat it got very quiet. Sed broke the silence by telling Mike he made a great steak.

He put his hand on her thigh and replied, "you helped with the spice." 

Sam threw a biscuit at Sed and said, "cool down you two."

The four laughed and continued with more idle chat.

As they finished up the meal, Sed took out a small bottle from her pocket. 

She asked if anyone knew what was in this bottle?

They all were feeling good at this point from the margaritas.

"This little bottle packs a whole lot of fun I'm told," she said.

Mike read the label," Spanish Fly Drops. Hmm," he pondered. The look on his face was sheer delight. 

Sam held her glass up and said, "give it up girlfriend." 

Sed told her, " We can take half the maximum dose or just go for it all at once and let the shit fly where it may?"

They all agreed to go for the max. Jim pulls out a plastic bag and asked if they would like to add just a bit more to the events. It was only a small amount of weed.

Mike said, " as long as everybody planed on staying the night there at the beachfront." He didn't want anything bad to happen to any of them. It was agreed all would stay.

Sam said, "Ok let's party!!! Whoohoooo!!! "

Passing the 2nd joint around Sed suggested playing a little truth or dare.

The game started with Jim. Ok, Jim said, Mike, truth or dare?

Mike said, "I love ya buddy, but don't trust your questions dude. I'll take the dare."

Jim said, " your dare...is to give Sam your best tongue fucking impression." 

Mike looked at Sed. He looked at Sam. She sat with her mouth open in surprise then said. "Oh what the hell, give it your best shot!" 

Mike crawled over to her, his cock already on the rise. Leaned over her with his hard body. He laid between her legs and slowly worked his tongue into her mouth. Inching it in as if a cock in a pussy. Her hands fell to her sides. He started to slide his tongue over hers. Going deeper in her throat. Engulfing her lips in his. It seemed like such a long time. 

Sed smacked him on the ass and said, "let's move on."

He leaned Sed back and asked her if she wanted some too.

" Later baby later," she said.

Mike took the dare so it's his turn next. Mike said, "fair play; Jim, truth or dare." 

Jim said, " truth."

Mike asked him, "Have you ever fantasized about fucking Sed?" 

Everyone laughing he answered, "Hell ya, wouldn't any red blooded male. Come on Mike even the gay ones would want her." 

Sam smacked him in the arm. He leaned toward her and said, "aw honey, that doesn't mean I don't want you. I want you all the time."

Mike looked at Jim with such a sly grin. He had a purpose, a plan for this evening, and it is going great. He didn't know about the surprises from Jim and Sed, but welcomed them with open arms.

Sed stood and turned the music up. She was listening to Nickelback's song Figure You Out. She started swinging her hips very seductively. It was easy to tell the mix of the weed, margaritas and Spanish Flies were taking great effect. When she turned Mike was watching her intently. Her hands went behind her neck to loosen the ties to her halter-top. She pulled it down. Her big beautiful tits exposed in full view. Her top laid hanging and she started to get into the music even more. Flopping her long hair in front of her. Twirling her head to the beat. The world seemed to be going in slow motion. Swaying her hips, causing her lower lips to rub together. Her arousal was evident! She reached down and stroked over her pussy through her shorts. Sam decided to join her. Mike and Jim were watching the show. The two-woman started to dance in unison. Sam also took her top off. They turned asses toward the men. Before Mike or Jim could comment they had taken off their shorts. Sed was in a very tiny yellow thong. Sam was in bikini's with strings holding them together. The movement of their bodies was so arousing. Jim and Mike took off their pants too.

Sed whispered to Sam, "oh my god they look good!"

Sam replied, "I'm so fucken horney I could take them both!" 

Sed turned toward her. Their eyes made contact. Both felt the heat from dancing and standing close together. The two clamped their hands together in the air, feeling the moment. Sam being shorter than Sed stood about to her tits. She without warning started sucking Sed's left tit, then the right. She brought her hands down to caress and suck them more. Sed started roaming Sam's body with her hands, pinching her tits and twisting them. As she started bumping her hips into Sam the arousal was gaining speed. Jim and Mike couldn't take it any more. They joined the woman. First Mike with Sed, and Jim with Sam. Four hot bodies encumbered in this erotic, seductive dance.

Sed leaned back in Mike's arms. As she did he licked down her long neck to end up circling her nipple, one then the other. Making them hard and wet, along with the night breeze caused them to turn into nice, big, wonderful buttons. He pulled them with his teeth. Supporting her back with his arms, he could feel the heat from her pussy on his leg as hers were straddled over his. Licking her nipples, sucking her tits. He could smell the wonderful musk of feminine splendor eroding from her pussy. He could feel the dampness on his leg. 

He held her closer. Licked back up to her neck. Sucking it, her scent was taking over him. He kissed her lips, parting them with his tongue. She opened her mouth slapping her tongue on his. Her hands held his face, as their tongues slide together and she started to tug at his hair. Mike's passion was clearly visible. His hard cock was pressing into her stomach. He carried her over to the picnic table. Staying embraced in this tongue-fucking kiss and laid her over the top of it. Braking from the kiss he started licking and sucking her tits. His hands moved to take off her thong

. Rubbing his hands over her ass again and again. So firm, so beautiful and perfect to him. He ran his fingers through her outer pussy layers as he took off the thong. She lifted her legs so he could take them off by holding her legs in the air and pushing her ass outward. Mike looked down at her pussy. Without thinking he started gnawing at her clit. She continued to hold her legs up with him behind her. Her pussy was wanting so much at once. He started licking down through her hot, pink pussy layers. Dipping his tongue inside her hole. Swirling his tongue around the inner walls. She gave a soft whimper of approval. His hands were roaming her legs, her ass, as he dug his tongue inside her hot pussy hole. 

Jim had been doing similar actions with Sam. He brought her over to the table as well. Laid her the opposite direction of Sed. Both men were gnawing at they're hot pussy holes and getting them so hot! They needed to do more! They needed to have everything receiving pleasure at once! Sed and Sam leaned their heads down from the table.

As Mike was eating Sed's pussy, she opened her eyes to Jim's cock right in front of her. She started to stroke him with her hand. His cock was so big, so hard! He was leaning to eat Sam's pussy. Mike took his cock and brushed it over Sam's mouth. His nice big cock was red and ready for action. Sam grabbed it and started licking and sucking the head. Mike was really into the moment. He loved the feeling of being sucked as he was eating Sed's pussy. Jim was devouring Sam's pussy. Holding her tight hot pussy hole open and dipping his tongue in and out to tease her. He spit on her clit and rubbed it in with the tip of his tongue. Sam was gulping Mike's cock in with long steady strokes. The muscles in her throat were flexing rapidly. Her pussy started to tremble as Jim worked from clit to ass. Her foot was rubbing Sed's big nipples and was pinching them with her toes.

Mike was spreading Sed's ass as far as he could, devouring the flavor of her and working his fingers and tongue through her pussy. His thumb slipped into her tight ass. She moaned deep in her throat as she sucked Jim down further. He held her jaws, and guided his cock through. Sed's hand reached over to Sam's pussy and was playing with her clit. Her fingers found their way inside her pussy with Jim's tongue. All four were moaning and feeling the heat from the others. Jim moved to the end of the table. Sam leaned up and started stroking his cock with her tongue. Sed spread Sam's ass and started sucking her clit. Mike started to tease Sed's pussy with his rock hard cock. The moans were so loud! Jim guided Sam's head. Oh god this feels so fucking good he said. 

Jim started stroking his cock, slapping it on Sam's tongue while her ass continued to wiggle and shake! Sed was relentless. Mike was holding Sed's hips strong. Sam yelled out and started to cum. Jim shoved his cock back in Sed's mouth and he started to cum. Sed and Mike followed. Mike bent to bite Sed on the ass. Then let the rest of his hot cum run between her ass cheeks.

Mike turned her over and Sed sat up. They mixed the cummy flavors together by kissing with tongues . Mike said, MMM love my lil cum slut. 

Sam sat upright rubbing Jims cum down her neck and licking her fingers. Jim stumbled over to the chase lounger and lit another joint. 

Sed licked her lips as she was feeling quite parched. She went into the kitchen to get more margaritas. Only to come back and say there wasn't any more. Mike was prepared. He went into the kitchen and found the Malibu and mixed it with some pineapple juice and brought it out to Sed. 

What's this, said Sed?

When he told her she took a sip and said yummy. Now this is a tasty drink. 

Of course then Sam wanted one too. She got up, looked at Jim, and said, don't get up I know how to find the kitchen, Jim. 

He gave her a smirk and passed the joint to Mike. Sed told Jim how he could be such an ass and moved to the lower extension of the deck.

It was beautiful. The chenille pillows were of burgundy and gold. There were embroidered pillows with tassels lying around the deck bottom. Also a Persian rug to match, and benches and long sheer curtains flowing in the breeze. Short Tai bamboo tables scattered about. A wide variety of exotic plants were there. Such as the Cobra Lily, Dewy Pines, Bladderwort, Butterwort, Sundew, and Venus Fly Traps. Also few mini palm trees on the out skirts of it. The upper deck was covered in Spanish Moss. It didn't feel like this beautiful space was under a deck. Wonderful colors were glowing from the Tai lanterns that hung from the rafters. Sed took a seat on one of the huge pillows in the corner facing the beach. 

Jim, Mike, and Sam soon joined her. 

Jim asked her not to be upset with him and passed her the joint. 

Mike sat beside her and put his hand between her thighs. He said, " come on baby, you know Jim." 

She said, " ya with a smirk, I guess." She took her hit and passed it to Sam.

Mike put an ice cube from his drink in his mouth, lie between Sed's legs and let it melt on her pussy. Jim joined the fun. He started sucking her nipples and making them turn back into big buttons. Sam watched as she smoked.

Sed took a deep breath and started to sink into surrender of the grand sensations she was experiencing. Her pussy was cold from the ice. Mike took another cube and slipped inside her pussy with his tongue as far as he could push it. As the cold ice turned into warm water and flowed from her pussy, he lapped it up as his tongue moved though her outer layers. She spread her legs farther apart and slid down a little. Jim followed. He licked and squeezed her tits. She reached over and stroked Jim's cock.

Mike moved from her pussy and started sucking the other tit. She also took his cock and started stroking. The two men moved their hands all over her body as she pulled them closer to her. Rubbing her nipples with the two gorgeous cocks. Sam said, "God that looks so yummy!" She leaned back and started playing with her clit. "You guys keep going," she said. "I want to watch this." 

Sed looked over at her with a sly grin. Took both cocks to be right in front of her face. She started licking them both, letting her spit run down the shaft of both. She rubbed it in to make it nice and slick. Caressed they're balls and moved her fingers up both guys cracks. When she felt no resistance she added spit and eased her fingers in their tight little forbidden holes. She could see the excitement in both their eyes. They both began to spread their legs apart a little more. Jim took his cock and dipped it in her mouth. Then Mike and they alternated as she fucked them. 

Sam started moaning. Watching this made her cum once already. She got up moved over Sed's head and lowered her pussy to her lips. Sed started sucking her little clit burying her face in Sam's pussy and tasting her cum. Sam took over the two cocks. She started tugging them, licking them, then sucking them, one then the other. Jim ran his fingers through Sed's hair. Mike bent to lick her pussy, licking the inner lips, dug his tongue into her wet pussy as far as he could. The four were starting to lose control. Jim slid Sam down and held her leg high as he drove his cock deep inside her. Mike leaned up and licked the cum from Sed's lips as she kissed him. She then stuck her tongue down his throat and tongue fucked him until he was light headed. He turned her around. She spread her legs wide. He fingered her pussy, then her ass. His cock was so hard. Wanting to fuck her until she couldn't walk away from him. He grabbed her tits and drove his cock in her pussy. They all were in a fucking frenzy! Sam and Sed leaned to start tongue fucking. Moans and groans were loud and full of passion.

Mike pulled his cock out of Sed's pussy and spit on his fingers and started greasing her ass and saying, " you're my little cum slut aren't you baby!" 

Sed answered, "yes! Fuck me good cock daddy!" He put two fingers inside her ass and started twisting them around. Sed started pushing her ass against them. He said, " I'm going to break that ass my hungry, heated, lovely cum slutty bitch!" 

He grabbed her by the hair and kissed her with hard, wild passion. With a fist full of hair he rimmed the entrance to her ass then slowly pushed his cock in. He could feel the tightness of her sweet ass around his cock. The frictions from her insides were tugging, pulling on his cock. He started working it in deeper. The chills started coming over her. She held her head low. Moaning deep within her chest and pushing her ass against him. He was still holding her hair. 

He said, "you fucking drive me crazy woman." 

She arched her back and turned her head to him. She said, "just fuck me good baby. Oh god!" Her breathing was rapid! Sam and Jim stopped and watched the two in aw. Mike leaned to suck her neck purple. He rammed his cock hard into her hot ass, breathing heavy on her neck. Hot unbridled passion overcame the two. Flesh slapped together! The sloshing, sucking, fucking noise coming from the action of their anal fucking! Juice splattered on Mike's stomach and dripped from his bag. Jim moved over. Working his cock to Sed's mouth. "Suck my cock baby," said Jim. "Suck it until it spews!" She took his cock in her throat and sucked like a wild animal. 

Jim being on his back told Sam to plant that pussy right on his face! As he sucked her clit and ran his tongue thru her pussy, he pulled and twisted her nipples. 

Mike moved his cock in Sed's pussy. Fucking her harder and banging that cock as far as it would go as his balls slapped her ass. The vain bulging in his cock wanted to explode. 

Mike yelled out, "its coming!"

Sed started to quiver and lose her stance. Jim was pumping his cock in her throat as he relentlessly ate Sam's pussy. Sed could feel he was building to blow. The excitement overcame her and she released her flow on Mike's cock.

At that time Jim started cumming in her mouth and she took it all in. 

Sam fell over! She was completely exhausted. Jim sucked every bit of cum from her. And didn't let go until she almost passed out. He leaned up and held Sed's head steady as he released the last of his load in her mouth. 

He said, "damn Sed! You fucking rock!"

Sed held Jim's load in her mouth. Mike pulled out of her and licked the cum from her pussy. Sed leaned him back, straddled his lap, opened his mouth with her fingers and let the cum drop from her mouth to his. Mike held out his tongue and caught some. The rest ran down his chin. Mike held the cum in his mouth, then took his tongue and rubbed it all over her tits. Sed pushed him against the bench and licked the cum off his chin up to his mouth and slid her tongue over his and kissed him, and kissed him, and kissed him. 

Not realizing they were practically alone, Jim and Sam were almost asleep already. Mike held Sed in his arms. Both bodies soaked from cum and sweat. Sed told Mike she didn't want this night to end. Mike told Sed every moment with her was magical. He never knew he could be this happy. Sometimes the best moments are those shared in silence. As Mike and Sed held each other close, gazing at the rising sun. Drifting...