 Doug and Ethan laugh nervously at Louisa's boldness.

"Yeah, I have had sex on a beach before. Why, have you?" replies one of the group.

"Maybe!" giggles Louisa excitedly.

"Really? So was it good? Would you do it again?" he asks.

"Why don't we have a walk down onto the beach," suggests Louisa "and you might find out." 

Smiling back at his friends, Stuart joins Louisa as they walk down to the beach. They find some rocks and walk behind them for some privacy. Ethan and Doug recount their experiences with Louisa to their friends and they walk down to the other side of the rocks to listen in.

Once behind the rocks, Louisa drops straight to her knees and begins to unfasten Stuart's trousers. She pulls his dick out and strokes it, before wrapping her lips around it. He quickly becomes engorged and Louisa feels his large member stiffen rapidly in her mouth.

She forces herself onto his cock, pushing it down into her throat. She recoils as her gag reflex kicks in and catches her breath, before frantically sucking and licking at him as she bobs her head towards his groin.

After a frantic burst of activity, she leans back and runs her hand up and down his cock. Finally she stands up and slowly removes all of her clothes.

"So you've had sex on the beach before," she says as she turns away from him and gets onto all fours. Looking over her shoulder at him, she asks "but have you ever fucked a girl in the ass before?"

Needing no further encouragement, Stuart urgently strips of his clothes too and kneels down behind her. He grabs hold of her ass with both hands and squeezes her cheeks between his palms and fingers. Spreading her open, he sees that her ass is already gaping slightly from her earlier fun with Doug and Ethan.

He pushes gently against her ass hole with his index finger and it slips inside her. He slips his middle finger into her pussy and moves his digits in and out of both of her holes, before easing them out. He reaches down and grabs hold of his cock. Then directs it into Louisa's ass.

******

The three friends listen excitedly to Doug and Ethan's retelling of them fucking and double penetrating Louisa. Which they recount over the sounds of her moaning from the other side of the rocks. Laughing, Wesley declares that as she so obviously likes to take two guys at once, he's going to join the party.

He walks around the rock to the encouragement of his friends to find Louisa on her hands and knees as Stuart vigorously pounds himself into her ass.

"So are you going to hog all the action, Stuart?" laughs Wesley.

Startled, Louisa looks up at him and her face breaks into a big smile. "Why don't you come over here and I'll give you all the action you want." Looking directly at Wesley, she licks her lips and lifts a finger to her mouth, which she sucks suggestively.

Wesley quickly strips himself down and kneels himself in front of Louisa. She takes his already swelling dick into her mouth and starts to fellate him.

Soon Wesley's cock becomes fully erect and he helps lift her up onto her knees, before getting her to lie down on her back. Stuart climbs onto her and rests his dick between her tits. Louisa pushes her firm breasts together over his dick and he rubs his cock between them.

Meanwhile Wesley grabs her ankles, lifts her legs up and pushes his dick into her. Stuart moves forward to lean over Louisa and she takes him into her mouth. Louisa groans with pleasure at Wesley's thick cock thrusting into her pussy. He fucks her hard and an orgasm rises in her. 

Before it can take hold of her however, he withdraws and pushes her legs further back. Stuart keeps fucking her mouth as Wesley eases his dick into her ass.

The two guys fuck her until Stuart climbs off her. With Louisa all to himself, Wesley slams his cock into her ass as her moans of satisfaction drift through the night air.

He lets Louisa go and she rolls over onto her hands and knees and turns herself around. She crawls back towards Wesley as he sits on the sand and opens her mouth to take his cock. Stuart moves behind her and pushes his cock back into her ass. He fucks her with long, slow, deep strokes as she runs her tongue up and down Wesley's throbbing cock.

Wesley lies back and Louisa moves herself off Stuart and straddles Wesley. She guides his cock into her pussy as Stuart moves forward and returns himself to her ass hole. Louisa gasps as she is double penetrated and grinds her hips back and forth against them both. The orgasm she just missed out on earlier soon comes back to her as both of their cocks slide in and out of her.

Louisa cries out in ecstasy as the orgasm hits her strongly. On the other side of the rocks, Tyrone and Leroy become tired of missing out on the fun, so decide to join in. Them edge round the rocks to be greeted by the sight of Louisa quivering with delight as she is sandwiched between Stuart and Wesley. Both of whom are still fucking her relentlessly.

"Holy shit!" exclaims Tyrone. "Do you think you could find room for another two guys here?"

"Oh!" gasps Louisa, returning to her senses. "Yes. Come round here to me."

They both unfasten their trousers as they walk round in front of Louisa. Sucking Tyrone's cock as she grabs Leroy's in her hand, she swiftly makes them both erect.

Tyrone moves away and Louisa moves her head round to fellate Leroy. She wraps her lips around his large dick as she strokes and cups his testicles in her hand.

Louisa feels Stuart pushing his cock all the way into her ass hole, before withdrawing sharply and standing up. As he moves away, Tyrone kneels behind her and guides his dick into her ass.

Stuart moves round to join Leroy and Louisa turns her head to wrap her lips around his dick. She sucks on him as Wesley and Tyrone continue to penetrate her pussy and ass.

Louisa sucks excitedly at Stuart's cock and he starts to push his hips back against her. He pushes his cock deeper into Louisa's mouth with increasing urgency, until he floods her mouth with his sperm. Louisa holds his cum in her mouth as he slows the intensity of his thrusts. His body jerking slightly as more spunk flows out of him.

He pulls himself away from Louisa and she swallows his sperm in one big gulp. She licks her lips towards him and smiles, before turning her attentions back towards Leroy.

Stuart picks up his clothes and redresses. When he is done he goes over to the rocks and sits on them to watch the rest of the proceedings. 

Tyrone moves off Louisa and lies down on the sand on his back, wrapping an arm around her as he does so to roll her off Wesley and into a sitting position on top of him. Louisa guides his cock back into her ass as she eases herself down onto him.

As she is getting herself settled, Leroy kneels in between her legs and pushes his dick into her pussy. He starts to fuck her vigorously as she grinds herself onto Tyrone's cock. Wesley stands up and brandishes his dick in front of her face, which she sucks on eagerly.

Louisa is in ecstasy as the three of them fuck her simultaneously. As they all penetrate her deeply, she starts to breathe more heavily over Wesley's cock as her pleasure increases. Louisa groans loudly as a shattering orgasm washes over her.

Leroy withdraws himself and Louisa rolls off Tyrone, exhausted from her pleasure, and gets onto all fours to suck his dick as he lays there. Leroy leans over behind her and enters her ass hole, while Wesley kneels down behind them and slides his cock into her pussy.

The three of them continue to fuck Louisa until Leroy pulls out momentarily. Wesley seizes the moment and pushes himself into Louisa's ass hole. He fucks her for a few strokes and withdraws, allowing Leroy to fuck her ass again. Both of them take turns pushing their cocks into Louisa's gaping ass hole before withdrawing for the other to enter her.

Leroy enters Louisa's ass once more, but instead of withdrawing he keeps on fucking her. Wesley grabs hold of his cock and points himself towards Louisa's ass. Slowly he positions his dick underneath Leroy's and pushes. Louisa's ass gives way and stretches to accommodate both of them.

Slowly at first, Wesley and Leroy fuck Louisa's ass simultaneously. They begin to increase their pace as they all adjust to the new position. As Louisa fellates Tyrone, he notices as Ethan and Doug appear from behind the rock. They join Stuart to view the unfolding spectacle as Louisa's groans get louder. Her stifled scream is muffled by Tyrone's cock as she reaches a dizzying climax.

The three guys withdraw themselves from Louisa and Tyrone lies down on the sand. Louisa sits down on Tyrone and he guides his cock into her ass. Leroy and Wesley converge on Louisa once more as Doug and Ethan start to undress.

She wraps her lips around Leroy's cock as Wesley kneels in front of her and slides his cock back into her ass hole. Doug and Ethan appear at either side of Louisa and she grabs at their cocks to make them hard again.

Just as Doug and Ethan are starting to get erect, Wesley moves himself off Louisa and takes her hand to help her onto her knees. She sucks on his cock as Leroy and Tyrone stand in front of her too. Wesley pulls himself out of Louisa's mouth and the three of them start to cum over her pretty face. The sperm lands on her from three angles simultaneously, as the hot jets of sperm splash across her cheeks and over her beautiful smile.

When the three of them are finished, Louisa lies back on the sand and Ethan climbs onto her chest, placing his erection between her firm breasts. Louisa pushes her tits together around his cock as Doug lifts up her legs and slides his cock into her ass.

They fuck her tits and ass before swapping roles as Louisa lies exhausted on her back, arms spread out on the sand as the sperm runs down her face.

Ethan and Doug drag Louisa up onto all fours and position themselves behind her. Doug slides his cock into her anus as Ethan fucks her pussy. They thrust themselves into her as strongly as they can. Jolting her body as they do so, causing the drips of sperm dangling from her face to sway.

Louisa orgasms once again and Ethan pulls out of her, before squeezing his cock alongside Doug's into Louisa's ass. They both fuck her ass before withdrawing and helping her down onto her back. They both bring themselves to climax over her face, covering her in yet more cum.

They help Louisa to her feet and she steps back into her clothes. When everyone is dressed, the seven of them set off slowly down the beach together.