 *** This story contains some good ole fashioned man on man sex. So if that offends you move on. If not, grab some tissues and read on*** 

This is a continuation of my bisexual experiences on a cruise. For the first part see "Sex on a Cruise" followed by Chapter II. 



I (name's Mike) had just gotten out of a long relationship and was finally tired of just moping around all the time so I did something crazy and booked a cruise for myself last minute. It was around spring break time, and I was a fairly good looking 28 year old (at 6', around 180 lbs in decent shape, brown hair, green eyes, and a 6.5" cut cock), so I thought my chances of getting some college pussy were pretty decent. 

I had met Sarah and Dave the first night on the ship. They were a nice couple, Dave was 46 and a lawyer at some big law firm in New York. He was about 6'2" and in pretty decent shape, with short grayish brown hair, and a thick, 8.5" cut cock. His wife's name was Sarah, she was a wedding planner. She was 44 and around 5'8" dark hair, bright blue eyes, and probably 34C tits that looked fantastic, and legs and an ass to match. 

Before I had met them I had never really thought about doing anything in bed with a guy. But after that night with them, I had sucked an enormous cock (and slurped up the resulting load with Sarah), eaten a load out of a pussy, and gotten a nice, gentle ass fucking. Then the next day, I ended up in a pretty awesome orgy with Dave and three other guys (with mind blowing sex with Sarah alone afterwards). That night I figured that my cock (and the rest of my body) needed a break, so around 11 I headed to the steam room at the back of the ship in the adults only section of the ship. 

I walked in, thinking I'd probably be by myself for a while but Dan and Tyler (from earlier, see chapter 02) were in there as well and waved me over. "Hey man, how's it goin" Dan said.

"Allright dude, how bout you guys?" 

"Can't complain," Tyler said. "Just relaxing after earlier!" he added with a laugh.

"Yeah man I hear ya haha. After you guys left, I fucked Dave's wife a few times more." 

"Yeah Tyler and I got more than a few more loads out with Dave in our room haha. So what's your story man? How'd you meet Dave and Sarah?" 

"Random table assignment. I was supposed to be on a trip with my ex, but she dumped me after I had already booked this deal and bought the ring I was going to get her. What's funny is I've probably had more sex without her here than I would have with her here haha." 

"Dude fuck bitches," Dan said. "Where'd you learn how to suck like that?" 

"Sarah showed me haha." I said with a grin.

"Bull shit." Tyler chimed in. "No way you're just learning." 

"I'm being completely serious guys." I say, my cock now obviously tenting under the thin towel the cruise line places at the door to the steam room. "You guys were the second and third cocks I had ever sucked." 

"Damn." they said almost in unison, with Tyler adding with a grin "I bet you're looking for more practice then." 

I look over at him with a grin, sweat and steam dripping off of our bodies, both of them obviously hard, as well, under their towels. "I mean I prefer women definitely, but I'd be lying if I said it wasn't fun to have a long hard cock in my mouth." They both grin and slide apart a little and Dan pats the space between them. I figure what the hell, my cock and body can rest after the cruise and I get up and sit between them. They both toss their towels to the side, and Dan grabs mine and throws it with his. All three of us are now sitting there with our hard cocks straight up in the air. Dan decides to break the ice and reach over with his hand and slowly start stroking mine. I reach out with both hands and take Dan in my left and Tyler in my right and start stroking them.

After our cock heads are nice and coated with precum, Dan lowers his head onto my shaft and slowly starts sucking it in. His mouth feels incredible on me, and I lean over and start sucking on Tyler's balls, his long shaft pressing against my face. I slowly start licking up his shaft to the tip, sucking the head into my mouth. Maybe it's the position I'm in, but I'm able to take more of his cock in before, almost 9 inches of it. Dan starts speeding up his rhythm on me, and I match it on Tyler, stroking him as I suck. For some reason, I pull my other hand off of Dan and slide a finger up Tyler's ass and start massaging his prostate. He starts panting and breathing heavier and moans as cum starts flying out of his hard cock, covering my throat and leaking out of my mouth. I swallow every drop I can and use his semi hard cock to clean off my face (which I of course then clean off with my mouth). 

"Damn dude." Tyler says, taking a moment to recover. He then drops to his knees in front of me and holds my cock as Dan sucks it, before taking one of my balls into his mouth and licking the shaft while Dan works over my head. 

"I'm not gonna last much longer you guys keep working me like that." I say with a grin. Tyler takes that as an invitation to start fingering MY prostate and I soon start pumping spurt after spurt into Dan's waiting mouth, which he promptly swallows down. Tyler starts sucking noisily on Dan's cock, coating it with saliva. I stand up and straddle him, and start slowly lowering myself down onto him, and Tyler guides Dan's cock into me. I slowly slide it in until the base of his shaft is against me and then start riding him. Dan reaches around and wraps his hand around my shaft, stroking me as I go.

Tyler sits next to us as we're both moaning in rhythm with me sliding up and down on him, stroking his cock until it's fully hard. Tyler stands up, one knee on the bench his other foot on the ground and starts sliding his cock into Dan's mouth, throat fucking him in time with my thrusting up and down. Dan soon starts moaning more and louder, soon emptying his balls into me.

"Damn." Dan says with a laugh, as Tyler pulls out of his mouth and I stand up off of him, now rock hard again. Dan stands up and turns around and puts his hands on the steam drenched walls. I step up behind him and slowly start feeding my cock into his waiting ass, burying it to the hilt, his cum dripping out of my ass and down my legs. After a few slow thrusts, I feel Tyler's hands on my hips as he steps up behind me. I pause for a moment as he slides his hard, nearly foot long monster into me; sliding easily in with Dan's jizz. I start thrusting again, rocking back onto Tyler's cock, then slamming forward into Dan's ass. 

We hear the door to the steam room slide open behind us, and all three look over our shoulders to see this man in his mid 50s, shaved head, hairy muscled body, walking in (not stopping the thrusting, mind you), stare at us, and walk out. We laugh as the door shuts, not stopping our thrusting. It's not long before I feel Tyler's breathing pick up speed on my neck, and I know what's coming. His load has never seemed to disappoint, and this was no exception as he starts filling me with his warm, moist seed, gushing out with every last thrust he gives me. Soon, I join in and start emptying my load into Dan's hole, dribbling out as I pull out of him. 

"Well, we should probably get out of here after that guy saw us in case he says something to the staff!" Dan says with a laugh, tossing me my towel and picking up his.

"Yeah definitely!" I say with a grin, wiping as much cum off of my legs as possible.

"We're in room 926 if you ever want to swing by." Tyler says, smiling. "It's fun to have a third who likes taking as much as giving haha." 

"Sounds good bro, see you guys later" I say, as we all head out of the steam room. We go our separate ways, but I decide to get a shower before heading back to my room (since I, arguably, got the most cum soaked out of the three of us). I head into the shower stall, and I'm about to shut the door, when the guy in his 50s from earlier stops it from closing.

"Can, uh, I come in." He says, trying (and failing) to conceal a hard-on under his towel. I leave the door open and step further in. He shuts the door behind him and twists the lock. "I was going to tell the staff, it was kinda weird what I walked in on. But I haven't gotten any from my wife in months. Instead of telling on you, what if uh you suck me off instead." 

Now, obviously I wasn't shy about sucking a cock (or four) but this was a little weird to me. But I didn't want the three of us to get in trouble, so I slowly drop to my knees. He removes his towel and reveals a short (6" or so, smaller than me), thick, uncut cock. I reach out and grasp his shaft, sliding his foreskin down, and tease the head of his cock with my tongue. I slowly start taking him in, and he grabs both sides of the back of my head and pulls me all the way on, gagging with surprise as it hits the back of my throat. 

Holding on to my head, he starts fucking my mouth hard and fast, his cock head hitting my throat with every thrust. Spit is running down my chin as he face fucks me. He soon starts groaning and grunting and I feel cum squirting out of his cock. It's a very thick and salty load that I feel running down the back of my throat. He slows down, and pulls out with a grunt. "Thanks." he says under his panting breath, as he picks up his towel and steps out. 

"Well that was different." I think to myself and step into the shower stream. I wash off the cum, rinse out my mouth, and get dressed to head back to my room. "That's weird." I think to myself, noticing the room steward cart in front of my door, and I head in to find... (To be continued)