 If the police investigated sexual accidents like traffic accidents, I wonder who they would find at fault in last nights pile up? I think it was almost like one of those insurance scams where the bad guys cut you off and then slam on the brakes so you can't help but rear end them, except it was my husband who rear ended me. The guys had definitely been deliciously bad, but that didn't make them bad guys. There was the possibility that after close investigation, I could be found at fault for making the call that started it all. 

Like many accidents, this one could not be traced back to a single cause but was rather a chain of events that each contributed to a happy collision. 

I took my first sip of coffee as I started the morning in a pensive mood. I couldn't help but think back to how it began.

It had been a long day bent over the nearly ready plants in the greenhouse that my husband, Tim, had added to the back of our house. Gardening started as my hobby but like many fun pastimes, it had grown to the point that it was now a part time avocation. The greenhouse had begun as a small thing but Tim had expanded it until now it dominated our back yard, and my life. 

We had a huge contract for trees to be planted in several municipal earth day celebrations as well as spring planting customers. The numbers of plants we needed to ship was huge, even if the paycheck wouldn't be. There was so much work to get done!

I was bent over the plywood table in the greenhouse working on the pots full of three foot saplings when I felt Tim slam his crotch into my back end. I hadn't heard him coming and the contact was a surprise that knocked me nose first into the petunias near the middle of the wooden sheet. My nose drank in the earthy smell of wet peat moss. The worst, however came when each of my breasts found its way into a different pot of greenery, leaving dark smudges on my white tee shirt where my nipples should have been poking through.

I couldn't help but feel Tim's erection as he squiggled it against my butt. It was not an altogether unpleasant contact, but there was so much work to do that there wasn't time for even a pleasant distraction. We had so many plants to get out! There simply wasn't time for this!

Then came the real damage. Tim leaned over and nibbled on my left ear which sent sparks through me. Then he whispered in the ear he was munching, "Wouldn't it feel good if it was Bill's cock stroking your sweet pussy? "

I don't know what I thought in that moment. I was shocked at the totally unexpected comment. I was annoyed with how much work was still undone. I was pissed that he actually thought that the idea would turn me on. My anger began to simmer!

"Mmmm" he hummed in my ear. "Bill has such a big cock. You'd really love feeling that thing in you."

That was it! I stood up straight which nearly knocked Tim across the room. I spun to face him ready to let my ire loose on my sick husband.

Before I could get a word out, he started laughing. He nearly doubled over in a gale of mirth. 

For a minute I looked at him with that anger bubbling in my soul before the angst faded, blown away by his giggles. "What the hell is so funny?" I asked him as my rage faded to indignation.

Tim pointed at my chest. "Your tits." He squeaked out before going back to laughing.

"My tits? What's so funny about my....." I looked down. The dirty smudges on my shirt were dripping wet black mud that was splattering the cement of the floor between my feet. Another blob of dirt dripped from the tip of my nose to join the puddle at my feet. I wanted to be mad, but what the hell, it was kinda funny. I couldn't help but chuckle a bit.

In that minute the anger was gone, but it was time to deal once and for all with this Bill thing. Tim had had a threesome on his mind for almost a year, but the Bill thing only went back to the night before. It was really time to get that over with!

Tim has been my husband for twelve years and over time our love has grown stronger each day but it faded from an unquenchable bucket of burning passion to a slow simmer. He is my best friend and we still behave like bunnies in the bedroom but its more two friends who love to pleasure each other than out of control lovers.

I couldn't be mad at Tim over this persistent threesome thing because it wasn't so much about what he wanted as what he thought I needed. He wanted me to get the multiple partner fucking that he thought would drive me over the edge. He wanted to give me the large cock that he didn't have.

MEN! If I couldn't be mad, I could be a little annoyed that he just didn't get it. He had all that I needed. I wasn't lacking anything and I didn't need a big cock or a tangle of body parts that belonged to more than one lover.

I think he's read a few too many erotic stories about big cocks and women who have multiple orgasms from them. His cock is just fine and I don't know what multiorgasmic means. 

He may be smaller than most, but he knows how to use it. In twelve years I can count the times that he hasn't succeeded in sending me to heaven on the fingers of one hand. What more can a girl ask of a man? How can she convince a man with a small cock complex that he isn't too small? No matter what I say, he still thinks his member is too diminutive for me.

It doesn't take a huge penis to pleasure me. I may not have one thunderous orgasm that blends into the next, but I crash just fine. If he lets me slide down into the valley of wonder for just a minute, he can take me back to the mountain again and again. I just can't convince him that it is neither his fault or any sort of problem. It is simply my very own personal sexual response. I like things the way they are and I doubt that anyone else could get any different response from me!

Having two men at once has always been my leading fantasy. The problem with that one was that my fantasy involved Tim and either a rotating movie star or a faceless human dildo. I never saw myself with any other real person. It was very easy to envision the potential disastrous consequences involved with a third partner.

We had discussed it over and over. He knew what I thought but he kept telling me that it was my head talking and my pussy really wanted to do it. His conviction could not be shaken. Over time I had decided that the best way to deal with him was to ignore him and simply reject any possible suggested third party.

We'd go for weeks with no mention of his threesome thing and then unexpectedly, over dinner, he'd throw out a name. Sometimes we'd be making love and he'd whisper out a name in my distracted ear and I'd stop and glare at him and tell him to forget it. I would not continue his favorite activity until he had let it go.

Friday night had been different, but not for the reason that Tim apparently thought. I had been straddling his hips feeling the wonder of his, perfect to me, cock sliding in and out of my body as I rocked on him when he slid two fingers to my mouth. I sucked them in as I approached my climax.

"Wouldn't you love to be sucking Bill's big cock while you fucked me?" He asked, throwing out the very real name of a very real friend of ours. If he'd said that thirty seconds before that moment, I would have had my usual reaction. The problem was, I was right on the edge, much too close to hold any coherent conversation, much too close to stop and glare. All I could do was moan in pleasure as I exploded.

Neither of us said anything afterward. We just snuggled and went to sleep. I didn't realize that because I didn't reprimand him, he thought I was interested in his latest suggestion.

There wasn't another word about Friday night until Tim rear ended me. I wanted to scream and make my point but I was standing there dripping muddy water off my nipples and my nose while mutual giggles took over the moment. 

After the laughter, I was in a giggly playful mood. I wasn't horny. I wasn't interested in Bill as a third wheel. I didn't need a sidecar on our love life. 

It was just time to play his game. Surely it was a game. It was time to call his bluff and make it go away. If it wasn't a bluff, what harm could it do?

Tim and I were best friends. If it actually happened, I was sure it would not do any damage to our relationship. It could, in fact, be fun.

Bill was the real question. He and his almost ex-wife Tammy had split five months ago and it was turning into one of those bloody divorces that left everyone around them scarred for life. He didn't dare date or her lawyer would make him look like a sex addicted pervert, unfit for even casual contact with his children. He might actually be desperate enough to be mildly interested in me.

Bill wasn't movie star handsome, but he wasn't bad to look at. He had a good sense of humor and I thought I could trust him to keep our secret. I hadn't really thought about him sexually before but suddenly my mind wondered what he'd be like in bed and I smiled just a little. 

Bill could turn me/us down but that was about the only down side. A potential lover rejecting our proposal might get my husband off my back, so even catastrophic rejection could be an up side. Sex with a considerate man, and Bill had always seemed to be one of those, could never be bad. What was there to lose?

There I stood, mud clinging to my shirt in auspicious places, looking at my husband as the smile refused to leave his face and thinking about the possibility of sex with two men. "What the hell! Go for it girl Get it over one way or another", I thought. 

"You don't really think Bill would like a girl with muddy tits, do you?" I asked my man playfully.

"I think he'd lick the dirt off your shirt for a chance at you. Hell, considering where the dirt is, he'd beg for a chance to clean you off with his tongue even if he didn't get a chance at you." His face broke into an even bigger grin. He, rightfully, thought he finally had me.

"What do you want me to do? Call him and say, hey Bill you want to come over and fuck the shit out of me?" I started to giggle at the absurdity of it.

"Exactly. Direct is always the best." I watched his pants flare out from his crotch, a sure indication that he was serious and seriously aroused by the concept. "I know if I was single, I'd love to have a beautiful woman call me and ask exactly that question."

"You really want me to do this?" I asked him incredulously.

"I would really love to watch your face while a big dick was stroking your pussy. Especially if you were sucking me at the same time. Yes I want you to do this." The bulge in the front of his pants wiggled on its own.

"You want me to call him up and just ask him to come over and fuck me?" I was still having difficulty wrapping my head around the thought that he was truly serious.

"Yep. Just make sure he knows that it's OK with me and that I'll be here." I spotted another involuntary twitch in the front of his pants.

I tried to imagine me saying that to someone. I couldn't help but snicker and giggle and blush. I couldn't picture those words coming out of my mouth, but what the hell! It was almost a challenge. My face was turning a bright red just thinking about the proposed impending conversation. If he hadn't had me laughing, I wouldn't have been in any mood to call his bluff, that had turned out to be no bluff at all..

"Tell you what", I told him. "If you dial the number, I'll talk to him but I'm not making the call." That should do it. He wouldn't call. If he did, no blame could ever be placed at my door.

Tim pulled his cell phone out of his pocket and quickly found the contact. He pushed the button and handed me the phone. It was like a huge ball of nerves had just hit me in the belly. I wasn't really doing this, was I?

The first hope of escape was gone but there was still the chance that Bill would turn me down and put an end to what had just become, at best, a very close call.

The phone rang once. Then it rang a second time. I was beginning to hope that he wouldn't answer. The phone rang a third time and the knot in my stomach was beginning to loosen. I heard half of the fourth ring before his phone connected. Half a ring from the salvation of voice mail!

"Hey Tim. What's going on?" The knot came crashing back to my stomach like a fist knocking the breath from me. My face turned bright red as I thought about what I was supposed to say.

"Ummmmm.... it's not Tim. Just his phone."

I heard a chuckle from the other end. "Even better. You're the pretty half of the team."

"What are you doing this evening, Bill?" I asked him stalling for time. Tim was making faces at me. I was hoping Bill had plans.

"Nothing. Just watching some boring television and wishing I had money to spend and someone to spend it on." He chuckled a little.

Tim was making a stern face at me while he mouthed "ask him".

"Tim and I were wondering ........ " I couldn't finish the sentence.

"Wondering what?" He had heard the hesitation in my voice and Tim kept giving me the encouraging, insistent look.

"I'm sorry Bill. I've never had a conversation like this before. I've never done anything like this before. Tim seems to think I should just come out and say it but I'm ....." My voice trailed off.

"It's OK you can ask anything. It'll be fine. I promise not to laugh and I've already cried myself out."

"We were wondering if you would like to come over and... and.... and fuck me." Tim was smiling, sure of the response. I was shaking in my boots. This was where Bill was going to tell me I was an ugly old slut and we'd lose a friend.

There was dead silence on the other end of the line for several seconds. "Are you serious?"

"Ye... Ye... Yes," I stammered.

"Tim is OK with this?"

"Yes." I managed to get the firmness back in my voice. "He just wants to watch and if it's OK .. ummmm help." I could almost hear the gears grinding in Bill's head even over the telephone line. It took him a few seconds to decide. I was praying he'd decide in my favor.

"I'll be there in five minutes before either of you change your minds! See you."

"See you soon." I croaked, but the line disconnected half way through my farewell. My knees turned to mush. Not only had he not turned us down, he was in a hurry to get here! This couldn't be happening!

I looked around me at the tables of potted plants just sprouting into new life. I gasped for breath as I had to sit down against the table behind me. I felt wet dirt seeping into my jeans. Tim's excited questioning face was looking at me. 

"OH MY GOD! He's on his way. Right now!"

"Told you." My husband beamed at me. The smug look on his face was not soothing.

I looked down at the big black blotches on my tee shirt and felt the dirt on my butt from sitting on the filthy plywood. The dirt on my nose was rapidly drying into a crusty patch. I could feel the grime of a full days work, tending the flowers and plants, caking my whole body. My eyes got big as saucers. "I can't let him see me like this! And I smell like soggy peat moss!"

"I think you look beautiful." My husband said. "But if you feel like that, then go jump in the shower."

"Good idea but he'll be here before I can even take a quick one!"

"Then take a long shower and we'll join you and scrub your back. Think how clean two of us can make you!"

"You wouldn't dare bring a strange man into my shower!"

He chuckled. "What better way to start out an evening with a new lover? Meet naked in the shower. Couldn't think of a better way to start things off, if I tried!"

I thought he was kidding. 

"OH YOU!" I screamed at him as I looked around for something to throw at him. I couldn't find anything that wouldn't do him serious damage, so I pulled my dirty, smelly tee shirt over my head and threw it directly in his face as I rushed from the greenhouse to our connected home. I was sure he got the message.

I ran through the house and up the stairs to our bedroom. I flung open the mirrored closet doors and threw my remaining clothing into the hamper, before padding naked into the bathroom.

If there is one part of my house that is absolutely perfect, it's the master bath room. It is huge, as big as a bedroom. One whole end is taken up with a tiled shower fully eight feet long and five feet wide. Each end corner has a built in tiled seat while a narrow shelf runs at waist height down the length of it, holding soap and shampoo and all the necessities of a girls life. I love that shower.

I pulled open the frosted glass sliding door and turned on the faucet. While waiting for the hot water to find its way to the shower head, I took a look at myself in the mirror. What a mess! My hair was disheveled and there was a streak of black dirt just above my left ear where a dirty hand had touched my head. My nose looked like a clown, except gray instead of red. The rest of me was just plain dirty. 

Then I looked at my naked body as my mind imagined me without the dirt. "Not bad!" I thought. My waist was still thin and while my tummy wasn't as flat as it had been when I was a teenager, it wasn't flabby either. My breasts are large enough to make most men look and they still stand firm. I ran my hand over my breasts and down my belly. I smiled a little.

I didn't have time to admire myself. Bill was on the way! The thought and the urgency sent a shiver up my back.

I stepped into the shower and felt the warm water hit my legs. The heat felt good as I moved under the spray. My muscles, tired from a whole day of work, felt relieved by the liquid heat. For a few moments, I just basked in the warmth as I felt the liquid rinsing away the grime. I didn't have the time to enjoy my shower but my muscles said I needed time to drink in the soothing heat. For several minutes I stood there letting the water wash the dried dirt down my body in rivulets of gray fluid. The soap would come later, for the moment I needed the heat.

Things had happened so fast! I hadn't had time to think. I stuck my head under the gushing water, letting it rinse the smudges of dirt and peat from my hair. I couldn't deny the flush of sexual excitement coursing through me. Fantasy was one thing but we were talking about a real person, a real friend with real consequences! This had gone far enough! I made up my mind. I would put an end to this when I got out of the shower!

I lathered the shampoo into my shoulder length, honey blonde hair and then closed my eyes tight as I stuck my soapy head under the cleansing spray. For several moments I just gave in to the wonderful feel of the water cascading over my whole body. I stood there, eyes closed tight, thinking that the men could just wait for me and then I would make my apologies, before sending Bill on his way. I had made up my mind. This was over! I wouldn't do it!

I heard the glass door slide open. A jolt of excited panic shot up my spine. Tim wouldn't have actually done it, would he? Bill wouldn't have actually gone along with the idea, would he? I turned slowly to clear my head from the flow of now clean water running down my face. I heard the door close. I could feel a gaze on my exposed body. My fingers squeegeed the fluid from my eyes. I was afraid to open them.

When my eyelids fluttered open, I looked into Bill's face. A flush of excited embarrassment ran through me from the top of my head to my toes, followed a second later by a second wave of electricity. There was indeed a strange naked man in my shower with me!

It was like animals had invaded my body. The cat had got my tongue and I stood there like a deer caught in the headlights. My mouth gaped open and my brain froze.

I felt Bill's approving eyes scanning my naked body from my head to my toes. I felt my skin flush under his gaze. "Wow, you're beautiful!" He said to me. Another wave of heat coursed through me. My mouth was frozen. No words could come out.
