 *** This story contains some good ole fashioned man on man and woman on woman sex. So if that offends you move on. If not, grab some tissues and read on*** 

 This is a continuation of my bisexual experiences on a cruise. For the first part see "Sex on a Cruise" followed by Chapters II and III



 Intro: you can skip to the story if you've read the first three stories. I had met Sarah and Dave the first night on the ship. They were a nice couple, Dave was 46 and a lawyer at some big law firm in New York. He was about 6'2" and in pretty decent shape, with short grayish brown hair, and a thick, 8.5" cut cock. His wife's name was Sarah, she was a wedding planner. She was 44 and around 5'8" dark hair, bright blue eyes, and probably 34C tits that looked fantastic, and legs and an ass to match. 

 Before I had met them I had never really thought about doing anything in bed with a guy. But after that night with them, I had sucked an enormous cock (and slurped up the resulting load with Sarah), eaten a load out of a pussy, and gotten a nice, gentle ass fucking. Then the next day, I ended up in a pretty awesome orgy with Dave and three other guys (with mind blowing sex with Sarah alone afterwards). 

 After an all guy threesome in the shower, I wash off the cum, rinse out my mouth, and get dressed to head back to my room. "That's weird." I think to myself, noticing the room steward cart in front of my door, and I head in to find Dave, naked on the sofa, his cock soft and flopped on his leg. Sarah, also naked, is on her hands and knees on the bed, going down on some girl. I notice cum dripping out of Sarah's pussy and figure that's why Dave wasn't hard. I grin at him and glance back at the girl and notice it's my gorgeous Russian stewardess, Anya. Anya is about the sexiest girl I'd ever met. She's about 5'9" or 10", legs a mile long, 32 or 34 B tits, freckles everywhere, bright red hair, and gorgeous blue eyes. Right now, though, those eyes were closed, her tender lips parted, gasping for air, her back arched, and one hand grasping the sheets as the other grasped Sarah's hair. I quickly pulled my clothes off and found myself somehow hard again after the morning festivities, and knelt behind Sarah. I placed my tongue below the cum running down her leg and gave a nice slow, tender lick up to her pussy. 

 "Mmmmm Hi Mike, baby" Sarah purred looking between her legs before going back to Anya's pussy. "Anya dear I told you he'd be ok with finding this"

 "Hi... Mr... Mr.. blyad, fuck yes." She screams as she moans and orgasms, squirting noisily all over Sarah's face

 "Mike's fine Anya" I say with a laugh and a grin as she comes down from her high, her eyes still closed, biting her lip, bright red with lipstick.

 "Why don't you lie down with her?" Sarah asks of me with a grin, knowing I'll comply (which I do). 

 Anya traces her index finger across my face and leans in and kisses me, biting my lip. "Sorry about the sheets. I made bit of mess" she says in her sexy Russian accent with a grin. 

 "Don't worry about it" I say smiling at her, before kissing her fully on the lips, placing my hand under her breasts, my thumb resting between them. She slides her tongue into my mouth, and I feel Sarah's mouth wrap around my shaft. After a few wet slurps up and down she pulls off, and I'm somewhat disappointed until I realize she's pushing Anya over until she's on top of me, and that Anya isn't needing any convincing.

 With a loud moan, Anya pushes my cock into her still drenched pussy. She leans forward, her breasts against my chest, and begins riding my cock, kissing me passionately. Dave and Sarah are sitting on the hideaway sofa, with Sarah stroking Dave's cock and Dave fingering Sarah as Anya and I fuck. We continue like this for a good ten minutes, until I feel Anya's tight pussy clench around my cock, milking spurt after spurt into her as we cum together. Both of us start gasping for air, kissing each other as we come down from our state of ecstasy. 

 "Now we've both made a mess." Anya says with a smile and a quick kiss. I grin and grasp her firm, tight ass cheeks and pull her up to my mouth, pushing her tight wet pussy down to my face. I start tonguing her deeply, my nose grinding against her clit. A gooey mixture of my cum and her cum flows into my mouth and down my throat. She starts grinding on my face as my tongue darts in and out of her wet pussy. She places one hand on my head and the other on the wall and soon starts moaning loudly as waves of pussy juice cover my face. She collapses and slides down my body, panting heavily, her breasts pressing against my face (Oh darn, I think as I gently bite her left nipple). 

 "Mike Sarah said they've introduced you to sucking dick, is that true?" 

 "Yeah it's true" I say, biting her other nipple which gets a soft moan out of her.

 "Well..." she says with a smile "You saw Sarah eating me, how about you and I suck off Dave?" 

 I grin and agree and she (shakily, after all of her orgasms) climbs off and we walk over to the couch where Dave and Sarah have their arms around each other. She kneels in front of Dave and his huge cock, and I kneel behind her, pulling her close with my left arm holding her tits, and my right hand on her thigh, my cock pressing into her ass cheeks. I kiss her neck as she lowers her lips onto Dave's cock, her hand grasping the shaft. She starts pumping his cock with her hand and sucks greedily on him. I bite her ear and she pulls his thick mushroom head out of her mouth and points it to my side. I take his cock in my hand, replacing hers, and lower my head onto him as I slide a finger inside Anya. I start sucking more and more in, looking sideways at Anna and her steel blue eyes.

 "Oh baby this is so hot" she says, reaching behind her and grasping my cock, now semi hard once again, placing it at her tight anus before backing ever so slowly onto it. 

 Anya leans forward and starts licking Dave's long shaft as I suck the head. I pull off and join her, our tongues writhing together on him. Soon we're each sliding up and down on a side of his cock, our lips locked in a kiss as we do. We start thrusting together harder and faster as we suck on Dave's cock. Anya wraps her lips back around the head while I start licking and sucking his balls. 

 "Fuck I'm going to cum" Dave moans out. Anya immediately pulls off and starts stroking his cock while I massage the balls. The first three spurts shoot out and Glaze Anya's perfect tits. Anya changes the aim and the next spurt lands in my mouth, followed by up my face. I bury my hips forward and feel my balls start pulsing as I cum in Anya, the last four spurts of Dave's cum splashing onto her beautiful face. Anya turns around and kisses me on the lips, our mouths full of cum now running between our tongues. She leans forward and licks Dave's cum off my face and kisses me again, letting it run into my mouth and I swallow it down. I lean down and lick her breasts clean of cum, swirling it around each nipple with my tongue. I grasp her curly red hair and gently pull it back and let the cum drip into her waiting mouth. I lean down and lick the rest of Dave's thick, white, strings of cum off her face into her mouth. I let go of her hair and we kiss passionately, swallowing the load of cum together. 

 "I need to get back to work." Anya says somewhat sadly. "But I'll bring back fresh sheets for you around five" 

 "I'll be here" I say with a smile.

 "Spasibo" she says, kissing me softly. She picks up her uniform and pulls it on, adjusting her breasts and hair, before giving me one more smile and kiss and heading out the door.

 "Damn I'm glad I met you guys haha." I say to Dave and Sarah after she left.

 "Us too" Sarah says with a grin. "We came looking for you and found her. Needless to say we weren't disappointed" 

 "Yeah me either" I say with a laugh. 

 "Well we already told her but we were thinking of ordering room service around six. You guys should both come." Dave says. "I'm sure she will since she said she was going to bring you sheets back." 

 "Sounds like a plan" I save to Dave and Sarah. They dress and get ready to head out the door, Sarah pausing to kiss me on the lips before leaving. I somewhat collapse onto the bed, still soaked from Anya's orgasms and quickly fall asleep. I wake up a few hours later when I hear my stateroom door beep. I'm still lying naked on my bed, and was having a very good dream and so was rock hard when Anya walks in.

 "Well hello" She says with a smile, dropping her uniform to the ground and climbing on top of me. "So... they asked about dinner?" 

 "Yeah. I'm game if you are. " I say with a smile "Or we can just stay here and order in." I say kissing her.

 "Hm... well. Sarah told me about this strap on she brought" Anya says, biting my neck "And I thought" pausing to kiss my chest "It would be very hot if Sarah fucked me and Dave fucked you at the same time. And then we'll come back here and I'll stay with you." 

 "How can I say no to that sexy smile?" I ask with a grin. Anya gives me one more deep kiss on the lips before kissing down my body and sucking my cock into her wet mouth.