 Laurie picked me up Saturday morning for our trip down to Waco to the car show. It was about an hour and a half drive from Dallas. We drove down I-35, moving right along with traffic. Laurie loved driving her little PT Cruiser. Despite the fact that she was deaf, she was a very good driver. At least, Laurie never played with the radio or talked on a cell phone like a lot of drivers.

Laurie had the “hots” for this guy, Gary that worked at the same place she did. He and his brother were big into street rods and muscle cars. They didn’t do any showing. They were more into buying and reselling. From the way Laurie talked, they must have a pretty lucrative business going. I wasn’t all that thrilled with the fact that Laurie had volunteered us to do some modeling with the two cars they had down there for sale. Laurie and I were the best of friends so we went out of our way to do things for each other. If she wanted to model with his cars, I’d go alone with it.

The sky was overcast but they weren’t predicting any rain. We finally got to the park where the car show was taking place. We lucked out and parked right behind the area designated for vendors and car dealers. Laurie and I grabbed our things and started looking for Gary and his brother. It didn’t take us long to find them. They were set up about midway down one of the outside rows. Laurie introduced me to Gary and his brother Matt. Matt’s girlfriend, Renee had decided to come along at the last minute. She was somewhat older than the guys. Renee was probably close to her mid-thirties. She was tall and slender with dark hair cut real short. 

Gary and his brother, Matt closely resembled each other. Gary was the older of the two by a year. He was 28. They were both slender and clean-shaven. Matt was slightly taller, maybe 5’10” or so. They were both good-looking and very pleasant. We talked for a few minutes about the two cars they were hoping to sell. The spectators were starting to come through so Laurie and I decided to change clothes. Gary and Matt were hoping we could entice prospective buyers to their display. Gary and Matt had brought their motorhome with them to Waco. It was parked right behind their cars. Renee led us over to the motorhome and showed us in. All the blinds were shut and the drapes pulled across the windshield. Laurie and I decided to change in the living area of the motorhome.

I slipped my jeans and blouse off tossing them in a chair. I was going to wear a black leather mini-skirt instead of a bikini like Laurie. I put on the mini and checked to make sure it wasn’t too short. I put on a red blouse trimmed with black lace down the front. Laurie got undressed and put on a bright yellow bikini. I helped her tie the sides of the bikini. We checked our hair and make-up, making sure we looked our best. We were ready. We both took a deep breath and exited the motorhome and walked around to where the guys were sitting. 

Renee was wiping some dust off the older Corvette. Gary and Matt were setting up a canopy over the street rod to shade it. They’d set up two tall directors chairs between the cars for us to sit in. Gary’s eyes just about popped out of their sockets when he saw Laurie in her little bikini. Matt had to take in an eyeful of her too. 

“Hot damn!” Gary commented. “That outfit should attract get us some business.”

Laurie couldn’t hear him but she could read his lips. She blushed at his compliment. She did look hot. Matt showed us to the chairs. All we had to do was just sit where we could be easily seen and look sexy. I figured we could handle that without much problem. I had to be careful wearing the mini because it got even shorter when I sat down. I’d worn black panties underneath just in case. It didn’t take but a few minutes for people to slowly drift by the guy’s display. I think we were drawing more attention than the cars. Several people did walk around the cars and ask the guys some serious questions.

Gary and Matt were tied up talking with a couple of guys about the street rod. I noticed a middle-age couple looking over the Corvette. I could see the guys were still busy so I slipped out of the chair and walked over to them. They started asking me a few questions about the car. I used to work for a car repossession company in Dallas, so I know a little about cars. I’m not a “car buff” though. I opened the hood so they could see the engine. They seemed very interested in the car. I was hoping Gary or Matt would come over and help me out. I had to stall them until one of them could break loose from their other customers. I opened the doors and the lady slid in behind the wheel. The guy got in on the passenger side. I pointed out the radio, gauges and power seats and windows. I was running out of things to say.

I stepped back as the lady started to get out. I didn’t see that Matt had come over and was standing directly behind me. I stepped on his foot with my high-heels. He didn’t say anything but I’m sure he felt it. Matt stepped to one side and I took another step backward. I started to go back to my chair, figuring Matt could take it from here. He put his arm around me waist like he wanted me to stay beside him, so I did. Matt was quite the salesman, turning on the charm with the lady. The guy sat back down in the passenger seat. He looked up at me, asking about the mileage. I got in on the driver’s side so I could see the odometer. I caught him staring at my legs. My skirt was barely covering my crotch. I didn’t have any trouble holding his interest in the car. I overheard Matt and the lady dickering over the asking price. Matt wasn’t budging a bit off the advertised price.

“Hon, what do you think? The woman asked. “You want to look around and then maybe come back?”

“No, let’s buy this one before someone else does!” He replied, smiling at me.

He put his hand out to shake my hand to close the deal. I didn’t say anything to the contrary. I told him he was getting a great car. I hadn’t even seen this car till about an hour or so ago but I made the comment anyway. The lady pulled her checkbook out of her purse and reluctantly paid for the car. She asked if they could pick it up later in the afternoon. Matt said he’d cover the car up so it would stay nice and clean for them. At least, that brought a smile to her face. Matt and I watched as the couple sauntered off looking at the other vendor’s displays. 

Matt went to the trailer and brought back a car cover. I took one end of it so I could help him. I had to be careful to be sure and stoop down instead of bending over. I’d be showing my butt if I wasn’t careful. I thought, maybe I should have worn a bikini instead of the mini-skirt. Matt was pleased we’d sold the Corvette. He put his arm around my waist as I walked back towards Laurie.

“We made a killing off that car.” Matt whispered. “Thanks for all the help.”

“I’m just glad I could be of help.” I said, smiling.

I noticed Renee looking at Matt and me. She didn’t look too happy that he had his arm around me. I’d forgotten about her being Matt’s girlfriend. I thought I’d better play it cool. I didn’t want to cause a big scene between them. Laurie was grinning when I sat down next to her. She had quite a few guys standing around her. She was enjoying their attention. Matt walked back over to Gary and showed him the check. Gary got a big smile on his face and gave me the thumbs up. 

Quite a few people looked at the street rod the guys were trying to sell. Some seem very interested, some just wanted to look it over. The two guys who’d looked at it earlier came back but they seemed a little more interested in us than the car. Laurie wasn’t flirting with them. She had her eyes set on Gary. Matt came over and engaged them in conversation about the car. 

Laurie walked with Gary to the motorhome to get something to drink. She brought me a cold lemonade. She looked over at Renee, grinning.

“Guess what?” Laurie said. “Renee‘s married. Gary just told me.”

“To Matt, you mean?” I replied, slightly surprised.

“No!” Laurie answered. “She’s married to some construction worker over in Tyler.”

I glanced briefly towards Renee. She was sitting next to Matt by the motorhome. She was reading a book so she didn’t see me look towards her. 

“Well, if she’s married?” I whispered. “What’s she doing here with Matt and Gary?”

Laurie shrugged her shoulders. We figured her husband must have either been out of town or she’d made up some excuse to be gone for the day. I didn’t really care. I wasn’t interested in Matt.

Gary wanted to look around at some of the other cars on display so he said he’d be back shortly. I didn’t see Renee sitting by the motorhome. She’d slipped off somewhere. Matt brought his chair over and sat next to me. I was hoping Renee wasn’t watching him sitting so close to me. She might be in the motorhome watching through the blinds. I was a little uncomfortable. I asked him where Renee was. He said she’d gone over to the show area. I was relieved that she wasn’t watching us. 

A little later, I saw Gary coming down the aisle with Renee. He had his arm around her pulling her in close to him. Laurie had her back to them so she didn’t see them approaching. Gary took his arm away from Renee when he noticed I’d seen them. “Hmmm, I wonder if he’s messing with her too”, I thought as I looked back towards Laurie.

The couple who’d bought the Corvette came back to pick it up. Matt handed them the keys and all the paperwork. He helped them get it down the narrow aisle and out into the parking area. The car show ended at 6:00. There were still quite a few people milling around. The guys hadn’t sold the street rod although it got a lot of attention. Gary suggested they put it back inside the trailer and lash it down for the trip back to Dallas in the morning. Laurie and I headed inside the motorhome to change clothes. We still had the ninety-minute drive back to Dallas ahead of us. 

Renee was fixing the guys something to eat in the microwave. She asked Laurie and I to stay and eat with them. We were both very hungry so we agreed to stay. Gary and Matt finished getting the car loaded and came inside the motorhome. Gary got some beers out of the refrigerator and handed everybody one. I should have said something to Laurie about drinking and having to drive but I didn’t. 

“Gary and I want to give you and Laurie something for helping us out today.” Matt stated.

He handed each of us $150. Neither of us had expected to be paid anything for our time. We just did the modeling for the fun of it. Laurie and I thanked the guys for their generosity. 

Renee put the food on the dinette table and we sat down to eat. She was quite a good cook. I smiled, wondering if she cooked much for her husband or Gary and Matt. It was starting to get towards dusk when we finished eating. Renee and I did the dishes while Matt adjusted the roof antenna for the tv. 

Laurie grabbed her clothes and headed towards the bedroom to change. I noticed Gary went back to the bedroom with her. He closed the door but not all the way. Matt opened more beer for Renee and me. I heard giggling coming from the bedroom so I figured I had plenty of time of time to drink it. I sat on the couch with Renee drinking the beer and watching tv. We could all hear frequent moaning coming from the bedroom. Matt tried but he couldn’t keep from laughing. He got Renee and I laughing. We finally managed to stop laughing after awhile.

“Maybe we should throw a bucket of cold water on those two!” I exclaimed, grinning.

“I don’t think that would stop Gary.” Renee replied, laughing.

The moaning went on for quite awhile before it finally got quiet. The three of us watched to see if they were going to come out of the bedroom. We waited for about fifteen minutes but still no sign of Gary or Laurie. I suggested I go back and see if Laurie was ready to get going. I slowly opened the door to the darkened bedroom. Laurie and Gary had fallen asleep. Gary had his arm around her, holding her tightly to him. I nudged Laurie but she didn’t budge. Gary woke up and saw me leaning over him.

Hey, why don’t you two stay overnight and drive back in the morning?” Gary whispered. 

I tried to come up with an excuse for not staying but nothing came to mind right off. I nudged Laurie again but she was in a deep sleep. I left the bedroom, closing the door behind me. Renee was standing in the short hallway.

“They asleep?” She asked.

I nodded my head and said “yes”. Renee suggested we let them sleep. I was getting sleepy and so was Renee. I thought maybe I’d take a nap in one of the chairs. Matt suggested he pull the sleeper sofa out so both Renee and I could be more comfortable. It didn’t sound like a bad idea. Renee took her blouse and jeans off. She was wearing panties and bra. Matt got a sheet and some pillows from the closet and handed them to us. Renee spread the sheet out across the sleeper sofa. I tossed the two pillows towards the head of the bed.

Renee took off her bra and stretched out on the bed. I glanced at her breasts, they were beautiful. I hesitated for a few seconds before taking my blouse and skirt off in front of Matt. I left my panties and bra on. I climbed on the sleeper sofa and stretched out on my back. Matt turned all the lights off, leaving the tv set on. He sat back down in one of the chairs facing the tv. I relaxed and closed my eyes.

I lay there for a few minutes before feeling Renee’s hand softly rubbing my tummy. I opened my eyes, seeing Renee smiling down at me. She leaned down slowly and kissed me softly on the lips. I kissed her back, putting my hand gently on her shoulder. We kissed tenderly, my lips parting slightly. Renee slipped her tongue between my lips, licking them from side to side. I think Renee was a little surprised by my reactions to her kissing. I let her slide her tongue inside my mouth. I gently flicked my tongue on hers. Renee pulled her tongue back and began grinding her lips against mine. I took my hand from her shoulder and held the back of her head steady, nibbling on her lips with mine. Renee’s breathing became labored. She was breathing hard, her bare breasts rubbing against my bra. 

Renee slid her hand along my side and up under my back. I arched up slightly, allowing her access to the clasps on my bra. Her fingers unhooked my bra and slid around towards my breasts. Renee pulled the bra off and tossed it aside. I forgot about Matt sitting in the chair watching the tv. It didn’t matter; I really didn’t care who might be watching. Renee cupped my breast gently in her hands. Renee’s long, slender fingers massaged and fondled my firm breasts causing my nipples to swell. I was breathing in long deep breaths as Renee continued her manipulations. She put her lips on mine; we kissed softly for a long time. Renee pulled her lips from mine and kissed each breasts, taking each nipple in her mouth and sucking on it. My nipples are especially sensitive. I could feel the heat inside my body rising

Renee’s hand slowly made it’s way over my tummy and down to my black bikini panties. She moved her hand over the thin, nylon material, rubbing the mound at my pussy. I lifted my leg slightly as her fingers traced circles over my pussy. I could feel my pussy getting wetter and wetter. I was squirming my ass into the mattress of the sleeper sofa as Renee continued working me up. She slipped her inside my panties and down across my pubic hair. I felt one of her fingers slip down between my legs and slip between the folds of my swollen pussy. 

“ohhhhhhhhhhhmmmmmmmmm……. ohhhhhhh” I moaned.

Renee had me under control, her fingers playing with my pussy, her lips sucking on my hard nipples. I came suddenly, an orgasm washing over my body. Renee had a smile on her face, knowing she’d gotten me off. I lifted my ass as Renee pushed my panties down, exposing my pussy. I looked down between my breasts as Renee slipped her middle finger between the lips of my pussy, penetrating me. I could hear little sucking sounds as my pussy responded to her probing finger. My juices were flowing like a river. I could feel them trickling down towards my butt. 

I saw Matt watching the two of us, rubbing his cock through his jeans. He got up from his chair and leaned over me. His hands grasped my panties, pulling them down my legs till they were all the way off. Renee pushed my legs apart. I could feel the cool air from the overhead air conditioner blowing down on my hot pussy. Matt sat back down, watching Renee working her fingers inside me. I closed my eyes when I felt Renee’s warm breath blowing on my pussy. She pried the swollen lips of my pussy apart and slipped her tongue inside me. I felt her tongue flicking against the inner walls. I was moving my butt hard against the soft sheets as Renee worked me up even more. I was about to have another orgasm. Renee put her lips on my clit and flicked it back and forth with her tongues.

“Argggggggggggghhhhhh……. ohhhhhhhhhhh………. Godddddddddd” I cried out.

My back arched so high I almost threw Renee off me. She held my legs tight, sucking hard on my clit. My orgasm seemed to last on and on. My body stayed tense the entire time, finally relaxing back on the bed as the pleasure subsided. I was breathing hard, my lungs trying to take in as much oxygen as possible. The air conditioning, blowing cool air down on the two of us helped.

Matt was standing alongside his chair, removing his clothes. Renee was rubbing my pussy ever so slowly and gently. I stared at Matt; his eyes were focused on my pussy. He removed his briefs, revealing his long, hard cock. Renee was pushing my legs apart as Matt approached the sleeper sofa. I was more than ready for him to give me a good fucking. I was begging inside for him. He knelt between my spread legs, his face smiling. Renee took her hand from me as Matt leaned down and kissed my pussy. Renee lifted one leg, Matt the other. I could feel the head of his cock teasing the swollen lips. I couldn’t wait for him to impale me with his steel hard shaft. 

The head of his cock slipped inside my pussy, then slowly and steadily penetrated deeper. My eyes rolled back, my pussy welcoming his cock. Matt worked his cock back and forth till he had his full length deep inside me. My legs were supported by his strong arms. He fucked me slow and easy, then hard and fast. His tight balls were slapping against my ass when he fucked me as deep as he could. Renee straddled my head, facing Matt. I saw them kiss passionately, Matt not interrupting his fucking motions into me. I reached up between Renee’s long legs and gripped them, pulling her pussy towards my mouth. I licked the slit of her pussy, making her moan immediately. I worked my tongue inside her pussy, flicking it side to side. Matt was fucking me slowly while I sucked on his girlfriend’s pussy. Renee was wiggling her hips slightly welcoming my tongue inside her. I felt her clit at the tip of my tongue. I put my lips around it, sucking hard on it. Renee’s body quivered then tensed as she came. I kept sucking on it till her orgasm faded from her body.

Matt continued fucking me slowly till Renee climbed off my face. I felt her juices running down my chin and neck; I could taste them in my mouth. Renee lay stretched out next to us, her head near the foot of the sleeper sofa. Matt lifted my ass off the sheet and fucked me hard, his pelvis slamming into me with force. My back was arched, my shoulders supporting my upper body. I could only see the ceiling of the motorhome. Matt lowered me back down on the wet sheet, he was groaning and growling at the same time. I held onto his arms knowing he was about to pump a hot load of his cum inside me. I wanted him to pump all his cream in my pussy. He increased his stroking into me, loud smacking sounds filled the motorhome. I felt my orgasm coming, coming………it was there, overtaking me. I bucked up off the bed; Matt exploded his hot, thick load to the depths of my wanton pussy. I tightened my leg muscles trying to hold him closer. He pulled his long cock almost all the way out of me before slamming back into me hard. My head was pressed up against the back cushion of the sleeper sofa. He slammed hard into me several times before he shot his second load. I could feel our mixed cum trickling out of my pussy. My ass was soaking wet lying on the saturated sheets. Matt collapsed on top of me, making it difficult for me to breathe. Matt’s heartbeat so rapid and hard, I could feel it against my breasts. I held him in my arms for several minutes, till we both managed to regain our normal breathing. 
