 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me.

Note: If you haven't read them already, Sex in the City and Sex on the Beach -- Part 1 are prequels to this story.

* * * * *

I think we all slept pretty soundly and comfortably in our king-size hotel bed but definitely weren't planning to get up to watch the sunrise over the Atlantic. We just kind of gradually rolled out of bed, had some coffee and a little something to eat and packed some snacks and drinks in the cooler I'd remembered to bring up the night before. We were doing all of this naked, though no one had made a move toward anyone else during the process, but I suspected that was all going to change when the tanning oil came out. It just seemed to make sense to oil up before we put our swimsuits on and to help each other out getting done. Of course my first handful of oil was slathered all over Kate's luscious tits, even though they'd be partially covered by her bikini top. Likewise, April's first handful thoroughly coated my stiff cock. I slathered April's tits, too, then, as I was massaging oil into Kate's ass and making sure not to miss her crack, I slipped a finger into her ass.

Kate let out a moan and told me that now that I had started it, I'd need to finish it. She knelt on the end of the bed, pressed her face into the comforter and presented her ass to me. Her ass and my cock were both thoroughly oiled, so I was able to line up and slip easily into her. She moaned into the comforter as I slowly fucked her ass but April was just standing there, wide-eyed, so I suggested that she get down between my legs and put her tongue to work on Kate's pussy. She moved quickly, getting her face between Kate's legs and putting a couple of fingers to work, too. As Kate started moaning louder under all of the stimulation, I was considering that if she was enjoying having her ass penetrated so much, she'd probably be able to pretty easily convince April to give it a try, too. I also figured with all of the noise Kate was making that her pussy was probably gushing, so April was probably well aware of how worked up Kate was and would be thinking that, if she hadn't done it already, she might want to give anal sex a try. Who better to try it with?

Despite the prospect of fucking April's ass, there was no way I was going to cum before Kate did. She was moaning like crazy and pushing back against my incoming thrusts which, admittedly, were long and slow. I was enjoying the feel of my cock sliding in and out of her ass, but she sounded like she was on the verge of a monster orgasm. Just as I was finally starting to feel the initial stirring of an orgasm, Kate let out a cry and started to visibly shake. I kept fucking her until she had apparently finished cumming and pulled away from me. Lying on the bed on her side as April still knelt on the floor and my cock still stood straight out in front of me, she let out a long, content sigh and proclaimed that to be the best orgasm of the weekend, so far. Once she'd caught her breath, she practically insisted that April assume the position she'd just been in. It didn't surprise me when April didn't protest.

Kate got up and grabbed the tanning oil again, slathering more on my cock and spreading some between April's cheeks before penetrating her with a finger. She was explaining to April that there was going to be some initial discomfort that would be replaced by ecstasy as soon as she was relaxed. She then guided my cock to April's asshole as I pushed forward and slid easily in. April let out a cry while Kate coaxed her to relax as she fondled April's dangling tits and April apparently did because fucking her soon became easier and she started to moan. Kate encouraged her as she moved down beneath us and started licking April's pussy. April's asshole being tighter than Kate's, at least initially, had my orgasm building at a much faster pace and I had every intention of blasting my load into April's rectum.

Whether it was being fucked in her ass or having Kate licking and fingering her pussy, April's moaning was getting louder and more passionate, just as Kate's had. As she started to push back against me, I assumed that she was feeling better with being penetrated, so I was gradually fucking her harder and faster. My own orgasm was getting closer and I could feel my cock swelling even more. This may have been what pushed April over the edge because it was just before I was ready to blow my load that she let out a cry and began to cum. Before she'd finished, I let out a moan and started to spurt into her ass. I continued to fuck her tight hole until I was spent, then pulled out and said something like "Whoo!" as April rolled onto her side and Kate got up and sat on the end of the bed.

We took only a few more minutes to recover before we finished slathering each other with oil and pulled on our swimsuits. Again, Kate and April looked outstanding in their skimpy bikinis, glistening with oil. We grabbed our stuff, headed down to the car for the beach chairs and umbrella, then hit the beach. With our blanket spread out, our umbrella up and our beach chairs arranged, we staked out a primo piece of beach real estate and intended to occupy it for most of the day. The three of us alternated between the sun, the shade and the ocean, sometimes all being together, sometimes all being apart and, on occasion, two of us being apart from the third. It was one of these times when April and I were in the ocean, bobbing on the waves, as Kate lay on the blanket with her top untied, driving the boys in her vicinity wild with lust.

April ended up hanging onto me as we bobbed and we were making out a little bit, which was causing a rise in my swimsuit that she felt through hers. She asked if having sex in the ocean was feasible and I said that it was as long as we held onto our bathing suits. I pulled out my cock and managed to pull her bikini bottom aside enough to slip into her and found her slippery with juices and quite warm compared to the ocean water. We continued bobbing up and down on the waves as she hung onto me and I held her ass, pulling her down on my cock each time I thrust up into her. It wasn't the hottest or most tranquil sex of the weekend, but who can resist putting "sex in the ocean" on their sexual resume? We went under a couple of times, but came up laughing each time and, in the end, we both managed to cum, so we agreed that it was time well spent.

Later that afternoon, when we were all together around our blanket, we got to talking about the pool at the hotel and decided to head back a little earlier than we'd planned so we could spend some time on the pool deck. We gathered up our gear, headed to the car to drop off the chairs, umbrella and blanket, then went straight up to the pool deck. We snagged some deck chairs and I went ahead and jumped in the pool after a quick rinse under the outdoor shower. The water was really nice, so I encouraged the other two to join me and gauged the reaction from the other loungers and swimmers as the two of them made their way around the pool to the shower, then descended the steps and slowly submerged themselves. There were a couple of guys who I thought were ready to start wanking right there and some others who were sure to be in trouble with the women they were with once they came back down to Earth.

We splashed around in the temperate pool water for a little while before April decided to go and sun herself a bit more. Kate stayed with me and, not unlike the experience with April in the ocean, I started to get a rise in my swimsuit that Kate could feel against her ass. She leaned her head back against my shoulder and asked in a whisper whether I thought we could get away with fucking in the pool. I told her that I had no doubt that we could but I didn't tell her that I didn't expect that, even if we were obvious, anyone would try to throw us out. She turned to face me and put her arms around my neck as I freed my tool and adjusted her bikini bottom so that I could slip into her pussy. She wrapped her legs around me and, as far as anyone not overly tuned in could tell, we were just hanging onto each other in the water. In reality, I was slowly slipping in and out of Kate's hot pussy.

We had to be careful because we were in such a public place and Kate is naturally vocal while I am naturally prone to fondling her tits or squeezing her ass. It was kind of amusing to try to look as casual as possible while sliding my cock in and out of her. I thought we were doing a pretty good job of looking like we were just having a conversation while bobbing in the water, while I was actually telling her how I wished I could suck her nipples and she was telling me that she felt like screaming with ecstasy. Fucking in the pool was a little bit more relaxing than fucking in the ocean had been, so we took our time and enjoyed ourselves and, eventually, Kate's breathing got heavier and she told me she was going to cum. I could feel her pussy getting wetter and more engorged, which only served to bring my own orgasm closer, as well. When she closed her eyes and let out a quiet gasp, I felt a tremor pass through her as I approached the verge myself. I tried valiantly not to fuck her harder and faster, thereby drawing attention to us, and, as a result of having to continue fucking her slowly and calmly, the pleasure of my approaching orgasm was drawn out. When I finally started blasting semen into her hot pussy, I almost let out a groan of relief, but caught myself at the last second.

We remained in position, catching our breath, as my cock softened and started to slip out of her. Once we got our swimsuits back in place, I asked if she was ready to get out and she was, so we headed to the steps and climbed out. Walking back to our deck chairs, I think we both noticed at the same time how great April's ass looked as she lay there on her stomach. Had we not been in public, I'm sure we both would have taken a bite. Instead, we sat on either side of her and dried off. I was considering lying in the sun for a bit, but decided I was more interested in a quick nap up in the air conditioned hotel room. When I shared my plan with Kate and April, they decided to join me, so we gathered our towels and headed upstairs.

The maids had already been, so we just stripped off our swimsuits and crashed, naked, on top of the comforter for an hour or so. We all started stirring again around the same time, but Kate ended up being the first one to get out of bed. After using the bathroom, she decided that she was going to jump in the shower and wanted to know if I was going to join her when she was about finished. We agreed to go with the same plan as the previous day, just in the opposite order. As Kate was getting ready to take her shower, I asked April if I could show her what I had been doing to Kate the day before as April had been showering. She was game so, as soon as the shower curtain closed, I moved down between April's legs and started licking her pussy. There were faint flavors of salt water and chlorine, but her musky juices mostly overpowered those as they flowed from her pussy. I slipped a finger easily into her and licked and sucked her clit while she ran her fingers through my hair.

Glancing up, I could see April's hard nipples aimed at the ceiling and I guessed that the A/C wasn't completely responsible for that. Beyond them, her eyes were closed and her mouth open to let out soft moans as she started rocking her hips toward my face. My cock was a steel rod by this point, but Kate would be getting first crack at it as soon as she was ready for me in the shower. I had no worries that April wouldn't have cum by then because she was quickly on the verge under the stimulation of my tongue and fingers. Her hips were rocking faster and her moans louder the closer she got to cumming as she held my head firmly in place. She tensed up just as she was about to cum, then let out a ragged moan and relaxed while a shudder passed through her. I licked and fingered her until she went still, then raised my head and watched her catching her breath as her chest heaved.

When Kate called out for me a few minutes later, I smiled at April, then headed for the bathroom. My cock, sticking straight out in front of me, was practically in the shower before I was. Kate was clean and rinsed, but took some shower gel anyway and lathered up my cock while dropping to her knees. She squeezed her tits around my soapy tool and tit-fucked me for a few pleasurable minutes before stating that she was ready for another ass-fucking. I was up for that so, as she rinsed her tits, I grabbed the gel and got ready to slather her ass. She bent over as I stood behind her and drizzled gel down her crack, then worked it into her tight hole. Once she was all lubed up, I slipped my soapy cock into her ass and started fucking her. Her fingers went right to her pussy while my hands went around to fondle her hanging, swinging globes.

Bent over her and holding onto her tits, I was fucking her ass slowly and relishing every stroke. She started out moaning softly, but the longer I fucked her ass, the louder and more passionate her moans were becoming. When I could feel her pushing back against me, I straightened up again and took her by the hips, fucking her with longer and harder strokes. I was relieved when she started cumming because I still wanted to fuck April in the shower and I was starting to feel the stirring of my own orgasm. I continued to fuck Kate's ass as she continued to cum, then pulled out as she straightened up. She turned and gave me a passionate kiss then thanked me for reminding her how much she liked that. I told her that the pleasure was all mine and she excused herself to step out and dry off.

My erection calmed down a bit as I washed the salt, sand, chlorine and tanning oil off of myself so that, by the time I was done and ready for April to join me, I wasn't so worried about blowing my load too soon. My cock immediately began to rise again as April stepped into the shower, my favorite parts now highlighted a bit with the color she'd gotten laying out in the sun. She immediately started stroking my cock as we made out and I fondled her tits but soon turned around and bent over. I asked her if she was ready to take it in her ass again but she said she wasn't, so I slipped into her tight, slippery pussy instead. Taking her by the hips, I started to slide in and out of her and noticed one of her hands slipping back between her legs. I was glad she was being proactive in pursuing her own orgasm because I didn't know how long I'd be able to last once I start fucking her again.

I was looking down at the lighter colored triangle of flesh on her ass as my cock slid in and out of her pussy just below it and my mind recalled the lighter flesh around her trim, black bush and her perky tits then wandered to similar triangles that had adorned Kate's naked body. My orgasm was beginning to rise more rapidly and I realized that it was also due to her pussy feeling hotter and wetter as well as her ass pushing back against my hips harder. I started pulling harder on her hips and pushing as deeply into her as I could, wanting to help her cum but also feeling ready to cum, myself. My cock was beginning to swell within the confines of her sweet pussy as it became more engorged and squeezed my cock at the same time. April let out a moan as she began to cum and, as her pussy was flooded with even more juices, I started to spurt my load into her. I kept fucking her until I was spent, then helped her straighten up and we made out again. I then stepped out of the shower to allow her to get done. 

Kate was in front of the mirror working on her makeup wearing only a short skirt and no top so I had to step up behind her and cup her large breasts. She smiled but warned me not to get her going again which I agreed to as long as she allowed me a moment's access to her nipples. She turned toward me and I briefly sucked each one, getting them completely hard, before going to get myself dressed. As with the previous day, I was finished first and sat on the bed watching the two of them get done, slipping into similarly sexy outfits compared to the night before. My stomach was rumbling by the time they were finally done, looking amazingly sexy, so we headed out for another nice dinner, followed by more amusements on the boardwalk. Before we headed back to the hotel, we took a walk on the beach in the moonlight and talked about how great the weekend had been so far, how glad we all were that the three of us had established this relationship and what our plan was going to be once we arrived back at school in a few weeks.

By the time we headed back to the hotel, we were all ready to go again so I pointed out that I'd taken both of them from behind twice that day, first in the morning, then in the shower. I said that I'd like to lie down and let them be in control for this go round, which they agreed would be a good idea. Back in the hotel room, they had me sit up against the headboard in the middle of the bed as they undressed for me a bit unconventionally. The first thing they both stripped off was their thong panties, which they each tossed my way so I could inhale their musk and determine exactly how damp they were. They raised their skirts up to show off their trim bushes and tanlines as my cock grew stiff, still contained in my shorts. I beckoned them closer and, as they knelt beside me holding their skirts up, I slipped a finger into each of them, pumping for a minute or so before removing them and slipping them into my mouth. As they stood again, each briefly straddled my face so I could lick their pussies and get an even better taste.

Moving back to the end of the bed, they flashed their asses before turning and letting their skirts drop. I stared at their trim bushes and tanlines again as they worked their tops off but had them pause before removing their bras, loving the way they looked wearing only that. I finally relented and they unfastened their bras, Kate's in back and April's in front, then jiggled their tits as the shook the bras down their arms. Fully naked, they fondled each other for my benefit before dropping to their knees again to get me undressed. Kate yanked off my polo shirt then kissed her way down my chest as April worked on my belt. Once my shorts were open, they worked together to get them and my briefs down, my rigid cock springing free, then grabbed my legs and pulled me down the bed until I was flat on my back in the middle of it.

They took turns licking my cock and balls before Kate looked up and said that she assumed that I had eaten April's pussy while she'd been in the shower. When I nodded, she moved up the bed toward my head as April continued sucking my cock, saying that it was her turn to be eaten. She straddled my head as I watched her blonde pussy approaching, then I jutted out my tongue and started lapping up her abundant juices. April was sliding her mouth up and down my shaft while gently pumping the base, pausing occasionally to tongue my balls. I started out with a hand on each of Kate's ass cheeks but, as I focused my tonguing on her clit, I brought one hand down to slip a couple of fingers up into her slippery pussy. Glancing up beyond her blonde bush, I could see Kate fondling her own luscious tits.
