 Collette told me that our friend Rebecca's birthday was coming up soon. Rebecca wanted a repeat of Collette's birthday party where we picked positions and scenes out of a hat. (click on my name and read the previous stories in chronological order to get the background) Scott & Lisa were away on a trip so they couldn't be part of the fun.

The evening of Rebecca's birthday we drove over to their place and walked around to the back patio where they were grilling on the barbecue. After dinner Collette and I went into the large guest bath with our bag of toys to get ready. While Collette had a quick shower, I was rinsing my bowels out with an enema squeeze bulb filled with soapy water. Lather, rinse, repeat. I did this six times until I felt clean back there. Collette dried off and we switched places. I kept the shower door open so I could watch her squatting over the toilet, her long brunette hair hanging down and her large breasts swaying & jiggling. Then we each squirted a hefty amount of lube up each other's assholes. 

Collette chose a black latex half-bra that pushed her tits out and left the tops and nipples exposed. She completed her outfit with a black latex thong and 3 inch platform stiletto heels. Smokin'! I chose a wide black leather collar with metal spikes and a black leather jockstrap with a velcro access pouch. Underneath the jockstrap I had a black leather cockring that wrapped around the base of my dick and "lifted and separated" my balls. Doc Marten boots completed the look.

We walked into the living room and waited for Jeff & Rebecca to come out. First, we saw Jeff wearing the same collar as mine and he was wearing a thick black leather strap-on harness that went around his waist and also went from front to back up his butt crack to the back of the belt with another beefy strap. But the front was the best part. His thick, meaty cock & balls were fully exposed underneath a hole in the leather clearly intended for a sex toy, allowing for double penetration action. There was a beefy leather strap that ran from beneath his cock and up his buttcrack to the back of the leather harness belt. Rebecca's long dirty blonde hair was tied up into a low ponytail and she was wearing a black leather strap-top that totally exposed her tits. The leather went around the bottom and each side of each tit but left the entire tit and nipple exposed. Her bottoms were black leather micromini biker chick pants that had velcro patches that allowed total access to her pussy and anus. She wore platform stilettos identical to Collette's except that they were bright red. Her voluptuous figure was really showcased by her outfit. My cock liked the view and was swollen inside it's jockstrap.

Once we got done admiring each other's outfits, Collette asked Rebecca where she'd gotten Jeff's harness. She replied that she'd made it after attending a leather crafting class at the local community college. She hinted that a few of the other attendees were obviously into The Lifestyle and were there to learn how to make their own sex clothing.

Collette announced that she was in charge of the hat and what could be picked out of it. First, she said she would put all four names into the hat and the name picked was to be the center of attention from the other three. Rebecca's name was pulled out. ( Collette rigged the whole thing of course) Then Collette put three more slips in the hat and Collette, Jeff and I each pulled one out. Jeff's said "anus", mine said "pussy" and Collette's said "mouth".

Collette walked over to Rebecca where she was standing and began french kissing her deeply. Jeff got to his knees behind Rebecca, peeled open the velcro patch to her ass and buried his face up into Rebecca's asscrack. All we heard were his moans and lots of slurping and sucking sounds. I knelt down, pushed between Collette's legs and licked the tops of Rebecca's thighs next to her pussy. Then I peeled aside the patch to her pussy and began slurping and licking at her shaven cunt lips. Rebecca was making all kinds of yummy squealing sounds as she endured her three-pronged tongue assault.

I think I knew when Jeff succeeded in getting most of his tongue inside his wife's asshole because Rebecca did a little jump and then shuddered in orgasmic release. Her pussy flooded with juices and I lapped them up and swallowed them down.

We pulled apart and went over to the hi-top granite counter separating the living room from the kitchen. Unspoken, Rebecca sat down astride one of the stools and leaned forward against the stool back while I dry-humped against her ass from behind while massaging her sexy swimmer's shoulders. (think of a curvy Linda Hamilton in the opening scene to Terminator II - fuckin hot woman) Collette was cutting up veggies and cheeses for a crudite' dish while Jeff was pouring gi-normous white wine spritzers. He went up behind Collette and began slowly dry-humping her too. His hands snaked around, wrapping themselves around her tits. He was gripping them hard because his fingers were spread apart and her tit-flesh was bulging out around each finger. 

After we'd recuperated a bit, eating & drinking at the counter, I told Collette to straddle a stool next to Rebecca. While this was happening I sneaked a cucumber from the fridge crisper. Jeff was already kneeling behind Collette's ass jutting out from the stool as Rebecca watched. I knelt down behind Rebecca's badunkadunk ass and leaned forward, sniffing. I smelled mostly pussy juice but with a strong hint of butt and dried saliva. First, I grabbed a mouthful of buttcheek, lightly biting it as I stroked and rubbed her thighs. Then I buried my face in her sweaty asscrack, licking up and down its length. I glanced out of the corner of my eye and Jeff was doing the same to Collette. The girls were close enough that they were kissing again.

I kept rubbing Rebecca with my left hand as I backed off for a second and put a few inches of the cool cucumber into my mouth to slobber spit on it. I quickly rubbed the cuke's tip back and forth along Rebecca's cunt slit and then pushed it in about halfway. Rebecca jumped at the sudden intrusion into her cunt but wiggled her ass back further as she felt my tongue zero in on her chocolate starfish. I lapped at her asshole like a dog licking peanut butter but as her ass relaxed, I firmed up my fat tongue and pushed it into her anus as far as I could go, about two inches. My nose was plastered to her ass, snorting air as I wriggled my tongue around inside her bowels. I had the cuke pistoning in & out of her cunt, making squishy slurping cunt-fart sounds. My left hand was spanking her left buttcheek bulging out from her biker chick hotpants until only a few minutes later Rebecca came HARD. 

WHEW! That was fucking HOT! Jeff & I got up on shaky legs and sprawled into bar stools next to the girls, gulping at our wineglasses like thirsty camels. I could tell that both girls had come because the skin above their cleavage was flushed and blotchy. I made us all another batch of spritzers and we went into the living room to the large leather couch. Jeff put a porn DVD into the widescreen and we settled down to watch it. It was a scene where Sandra Romain was getting double-teamed by two dirty-talking guys and she was saying with her Romanian accent "fuck me like bitch". 

Rebecca got up and straddled Jeff in reverse cowgirl position and then laid back against him like he was some sort of human reclining chair. Jeff had his hands wrapped around her tits like he'd done to Collette's. I remembered the hat draw and pushed the coffee table out of the way, kneeling down to lap at Rebecca's puffy cuntlips. They were red, swollen and engorged from her arousal. Her clit was pierced too so I lapped my tongue against it so the piercing would bounce and jiggle on her clit. Collette had obviously decided against any more french kissing because she straddled the three of us and had lowered her pussy to Rebecca's bee-stung lips. Collette gripped the back of Rebecca's head as she pulled it against her crotch hard.

Jeff's cock was bumping against the underside of my chin as he struggled to get his thick, meaty cock into his wife's juicy asshole. I stopped lapping at Rebecca and wrapped my hand around the base of his thick shaft. I lowered my head and licked all around the swollen head. Then I opened my mouth as wide as I could and took him down my throat about halfway before choking. I eased back up getting my breath, rapidly slurp-popping his cockhead in & out my tightened lips. Then I plunged his shaft down my throat again, this time getting far enough that I could snake my tongue out and lick his balls. I got a tasty hint of pre-cum flavor but Jeff was really rock-ready by then and I eased back from his spit-glistening shaft and I aimed it at Rebecca's juicy asshole. 

My own dick was rockhard from the extreme closeup view as Jeff's wide cockhead pushed against her anus and forced it to dilate open. Rebecca rolled her hips forward to take more of his fat cockmeat and about half his shaft disappeared up her distended asshole. I leaned down and teabagged his ballsack, slurping gobs of spit all over them and jumbling them with my tongue. Rebecca had stopped slurping on Collette's pussy for a second and both girls were watching us as Jeff oozed his thick rod into Rebecca's bowels and I slurped at his balls. Jeff hunched his hips up, driving the rest of his shaft into Rebecca's shithole until his balls were resting against the rim of her anus.

I stood up and got into position between Rebecca's legs. Rebecca's legs were up on my shoulders and her hot sexy shoes were bumping into my head as Jeff pounded her asshole from underneath and I lined up my fat cockhead with her red cuntlips. I teased her and rubbed the head up and down her slit for a minute or two until Rebecca yelled at me to just shove the damn thing in! I put the cockhead to her cunt and watched as it slowly split apart her cuntlips and widened them with the thick width of my meat. The ballcage cockring I was wearing had really made my cock swell even thicker, getting distended with bumpy veins. My dick was ANGRY. I sank in to the hilt in one push and began stroking in and out of her soaking wet pussy. I could feel her hot juices trickling down my balls every time I pushed in all the way and rested up against her. Collette had straddled Rebecca's face again and I leaned forward to lick her buttcrack and asshole. Between the double oral assault Rebecca & I were giving her, Collette was having a tough time standing there on the couch on shaky legs.

I knew I was going to come much faster than I usually do despite Rebecca's sloppy pussy. With Jeff's fat dick in her ass and my thick dick in her pussy, Rebecca's cunt was a lot tighter than I'm used to. I loved hearing all the nasty squelching sounds coming from Rebecca's cunt and asshole and Rebecca's tongue and my tongue. I felt my orgasm starting from a long way away. First my prostate tightened up and then my dick got even harder. I sped up my pistoning and stiffened, snorting like a bull as I shuddered and twitched my cum deep into Rebecca. Rebecca ran her hands up and down my arms & shoulders. The girls always say that my entire body swells up just as I'm coming, like a sexual Incredible Hulk. Both Rebecca and Collette came when they saw me in my snorting bull routine; it gets them hot every time. I kept my dick imbedded in her up to the hilt as I got my wind back, hitching my hips forward every few seconds.

Collette said she didn't want me going soft and ran off to get our bag of toys. She came back with the bag and got out a large clear jelly buttplug. She got down behind me and began tossing my salad. I think she poured the entire bottle of dressing on because in no time flat she had my anus relaxed, open and drooling gobs of her spit. Then she spit-lubed the thick buttplug and wiggled it into my ass. Once it's wide part got past my anal ring, she pushed it in the rest of the way and snugged the base up against my asscrack. My cock wasn't totally hard but it didn't go limp either. Through the thin membrane separating our two dicks, I could feel Jeff pick up the pace and jackhammer his cock into his wife's ass. Collette had leaned forward and had all of her left nipple and had most of her breast in Rebecca's sucking mouth. 

Jeff kept pounding Rebecca's ass but after five more minutes he began to slow down. Jeff told Rebecca he could feel that he was really close but couldn't go over the edge. Rebecca looked at me from under her sultry eyelids and asked if I'd be a pal and help him out. I asked her what she wanted me to do. She said how about I fuck his ass to massage his prostrate? Jeff must've liked the idea because he immediately began fucking her faster. I know I liked the idea because my cock got harder, marinating in Rebecca's cunt juices. Collette got underneath us again and began rimming Jeff's asshole. It must have been really juicy by then from all the runoff out of Rebecca's cunt.

Collette wriggled out and I knelt down at the edge of the couch, touching the tip of my cockmeat to Jeff's slickened asshole. I rubbed it up and down his crack for a few seconds and then seated the head squarely against his anal ring, dilating it open a little. It was really tight so I wiggled my hips a little, keeping up a steady pressure against his sphincter and oozing it open a little at time. All of a sudden the cockhead popped past his ring and I was halfway in. Some juices had drooled out of Rebecca's gaping slit and run down to my shaft. I rubbed that around my shaft and Jeff's asshole and then pushed in the rest of the way. I could feel my cockhead nudge up against his sigmoid sphincter and Jeff grunted. I withdrew about halfway and pushed forward again, squishing my hips up against Jeff and he grunted again. 

Jeff looked up at me over Rebecca's shoulder with an evil grin and told Rebecca to stop moving and just squat her asshole down onto his dick as far as it would go. He told me to really start slamming my dick into him as fast as I could go while leaning my arms back against the coffee table for support. He told Collette to stand on the coffee table, squatting her pussy onto my face as she leaned forward and down to eat out Rebecca's gooey creampie. 

That was all it took. Between the extra stimulation on Jeff's prostrate from my thick-veined cockshaft, Collette's tongue buried face-deep in Rebecca's runny creampie, my tongue lapping on Collette's pierced clit and the absolutely wild sex position, all three of them came within seconds of each other. All I could hear were yelps, grunts and moans. Jeff's asshole had tightened and pulsed around my shaftmeat as he pumped a huge load into Rebecca's jiggly rump hole. 

Our pile of flesh fell apart and sprawled on the couch. Jeff and I got up to wash off our cocks in the bathroom. We came back and found the girls in a 69, with Rebecca on top. There's no stopping these women when they're horny! Jeff & I had only come once but the girls were way ahead; I think Rebecca at four orgasms and Collette at three. 

The girls got up and said we should do the same. Rebecca told us to get on the couch in a 69 position and they would fuck us with strap-ons. I looked over at Jeff's dick and despite having come hard just 5 minutes before it was already lengthening and thickening like a coiled python. I hadn't come in Jeff's ass by the time they'd all come together and ended that freaky four-way sex position. So Jeff laid down and I got above him with my cock package dangling just above his face. I took hold of his dick with my hands and began licking and sucking the tip. The girls had put on strap-on belts similar to the one Jeff was wearing but theirs were bright pink. 

Collette had inserted a lifelike cyberskin cock into her belt's hole, with the balls inside the belt and just the thick 10" shaft poking out. Rebecca had an 8" long, two-inch thick purple jelly vibrator called a Purple Emperor sticking out of hers. Jeff and I stopped for a second while the girls got into position behind us and prepared us. Rebecca eased the large buttplug out of my ass with a slurping sound and they lubed up our assholes and their cocks with lots of AstroGlide lube. I watched as Collette nudged the tip of her large fake cock forward and begin to dilate Jeff's asshole. I took his shaft into my sucking mouth and really went to town on it to take my mind off the sensation of Rebecca squishing the really thick Emperor's head into my sphincter.

The head of that Emperor vibrator is so thick that I always have trouble initially taking it. Rebecca heard my hiss of pain despite Jeff's tight lips sucking hard along my bulging cockshaft. So she turned the vibrator's remote up to high and wiggled it forward with steady pressure into my slowly-opening ass ring. The vibes felt nice and in less than a minute my slippery asshole had eased open enough that Rebecca gave a quick shove and got about 6" of jelly cock inside me in one shove. I grunted loudly around Jeff's cock filling my mouth and pushed my cock forward into Jeff's mouth until his nose was against my dangling balls. 

Rebecca got a smooth pace going and soon had the entire thing up my ass, with the buzzing head vibrating up against my sigmoid sphincter. I knew I was going to come soon with Jeff and Rebecca's double ASSault on my senses so I took Jeff's thick shaft as far down as I could go, rubbing his balls as I did so. My head was going up & down fast and Collette had all of her fake shaft squished up into Jeff's belly when my tongue felt Jeff's cock stiffen and begin pulsing squirt after squirt of come into my mouth. Jeff comes like Peter North so I took him back down my throat and left his cock throbbing the rest of its man-juice into my belly. Rebecca heard me choking a little and shoved really hard into me. The extra stimulation on my sigmoid and Jeff's hot lips finally pushed me over the edge. I hunched my hips down so that my belly was jammed against his chin and I looked down to see the tip of his tongue snake out and lick my belly while his lips were stretched around the thick base of my meatpole. I pulsed out at least 6 big squirts of come down Jeff's throat before each of us came up for air. 

We were all too beat for more sex after all that hard work so after relaxing & drinking for a while Collette & I showered off and left for home, her beatiful brunette head lolling against me as I drove. We were happy that we'd been able to make Rebecca's birhtday extra special and resolved to coordinate all of our future sessions with the hat system.