 My name is Allison. My husband Brandon and I are extremely wealthy and with wealth comes boredom, or at least that's what started it. We're not humanitarians or philanthropist we don't give our money away to charities, most would consider us selfish, greedy and terrible human beings. Fuck them. We don't give a shit. Instead the boredom and money lead to more devious outlets, mainly the weekly orgy sex party at our mansion.

You've heard about gatherings of this nature. Hell, I think they made a movie about the secret sex parties only the elite were invited to with passwords to allow entrance and the like. Well, I'm here to tell you those parties exist and the movie only captured some of what really goes on.

We didn't invent the concept of course, these things have been around forever, but what convinced us to start our own was being invited to one in Europe. A Duchess friend of mine was talking one day and the subject of sex came up. I mentioned being married to Brandon and that the one-on-one sex was kind of becoming mundane. I guess she felt I could handle the secret and was ready to be invited to what I've heard rumored, but never knew existed for real. She is a bit older than me and felt I was mature enough to handle the parties. She told me to talk to Brandon and see what he thought about it.

The party was only three days away and I was nervous to ask Brandon about attending. When I finally got the nerve to ask him, my uneasiness was unfounded. His face lit up. He seemed more excited than I was.

"Okay, so if we do this, do we need to set some rules between us?" I asked.

"Rules? Hell no. The whole idea of these things is there are no rules," he said.

"No rules? So you're saying you're fine with me doing anything and anyone I want?" I asked.

"Yep, and you're fine with me doing the same," he said.

Just the idea and anticipation got me hot and wet. The funny thing was, my ideas of what would happen were naive. Let's just say I wasn't fully prepared for what I found. Talking about it with Brandon turned us both on and we had a hot and nasty session of sex. One of the best in weeks from the excitement of the upcoming orgy-fest we were invited to. By the time it was over I had cum three times to his one, but his climax was spectacular. He stood over me and rained bursts of warm semen all over my naked and quivering body. More than I've seen him cum in a while. When he finally finished, he sat down on the bed next to me.

"Samantha told me what we have to do to gain entrance Friday. Both of us have to be tested for diseases or have proof of a test. I have to be on birth control and she mentioned there are no condoms because everyone hates them, so she suggests a vasectomy for you if you we plan on doing this on a regular basis."

"Ouch! Well, I'll think about it. What about passwords and are we going to wear masks and stuff?" Brandon asked.

"No passwords and no masks. I asked the same question. We're going to see everyone and they are going to know us. She said there will be plenty of paid attendants to go around, so she doubted we would be fucking anyone we know personally, though she said it happens sometimes."

"I bet it happens to you. I guarantee some of who I think will be there, have wanted to fuck you," he said.

"We'll see. It starts at eight and she said to be on time to get the best pick."

"Let's be early then," he said, smiling and tracing his finger through the semen on my chest.

*****

Friday arrived and we drove up to the place Samantha had told us to go. We were about fifteen minutes early, but other people where there and being let in. Both of us got tested the day before and had our proof of disease free bodies. My heart was pounding as we walked hand and hand up the stairs to the mansion. Neither of us knew who owned it and so far we didn't recognize anyone walking toward the entrance either. As we were walking my phone chirped. It was Samantha telling me she wanted to meet me before we entered to give us more instructions. I was pleased for the thoughtfulness, because we didn't know what we were doing. When she showed up and after the pleasantries she instructed us.

"Inside you'll have several choices. You can stay together as a couple, separate to do your own thing or cosign yourselves to being controlled. If you do that you will have no say what happens to you. So I don't suggest it the first time. Also if you choose to go separate you'll have several choices after that, like the amount of participants, their gender and what you want to do. You'll see what I mean. Same goes as a couple. So you need to decide what you want to do for the first time," Samantha explained.

I looked at Brandon. He smiled at me and waited for my decision. "I think we should go separate and do what we want this first time," I said.

This seemed to surprise Brandon.

"Really? Okay, sounds good to me."

"You'll be able to find each other later. It's not like you have to be separated the entire night," Samantha said. "Are you ready?"

"Ready," I said as Brandon nodded.

"Okay, I'm going in to be controlled, I just love it, so you probably won't see me unless you happen into where they have assigned me," she said.

This took me aback. I never imagined Samantha being like this and especially getting off by being dominated. She had obviously done it before so I didn't comment on anything. I was too in awe for myself to worry about her. We walked in together and I don't know why I was shocked, but I was. The people working the lines were all completely naked, both woman and men. They were all attractive, fit and young. Most of the men had erections and were maintaining them by manual stimulation or help from another worker. I even saw men helping men and realized that was the line for male same sex enjoyment.

Samantha was soon taken from us and rushed down a hall roughly. Brandon and I gave them our information and we chose to go independently. I was led away by a striking young blonde man with a hairless chest and a six-pack. His cock was half erect, sticking straight out and wobbling side to side. I turned and watched Brandon being led away by a brunette with fake breasts and shaved pussy. He didn't bother to look back at me.

"Now then, Miss, what do you have in mind for this evening?" the blonde naked man asked me as we entered another room.

"Umm," I stammered, trying not to look down at his cock. "You. I have you in mind," I said, not knowing what else to say.

"Very well. Is that all or would you care for others?" he asked, motioning to several other naked men lined up against a wall and stroking their cocks, so I could see what I was getting.

I looked them over, my heart racing and my body stimulated from the sight. I had never had two men at once, but often thought about it. My eyes widened on one very large black man with an enormous cock. I felt my face flush when he smiled at me, stroking his penis harder. I looked away quickly, knowing I could never handle something that big. Having two men did intrigue me though and I ended up picking a guy with dark hair, very attractive, with a gorgeous body, and piercing eyes. He had a smaller penis than Brandon and the blonde I'd already picked. 

"Very well. The two of us then," the blonde said.

The other man joined us and I followed them out of the room the opposite way into another hall. I started hearing moaning and screaming from people having sex. As we walked down the hall, I caught several glimpses of people engaged in sexual activities from oral, group, toys, double penetrations, anal sex and positions I'd never seen before. I bumped in to the blonde, not realizing he had stopped because I was watching a woman giving a blowjob.

"Sorry," I said moving back from him.

"After you," he said motioning toward an empty room.

Inside were drinks, trays of food, a bed and a sofa. I walked in not knowing what to do, standing next to the sofa and turning around to the men. I quickly noticed among the food were sex toys of every kind, narcotics, Viagra, lubes, lotions, everything deviant imaginable. 

"Would you care for a drink or something to eat?" the blonde asked.

I hadn't expected to be pampered. I just figured we'd get right to it and have sex. I'm sure if I would have pursued that course we would have. Instead, I sat on the sofa and let the men feed me all sorts of delicacies as I admired their incredible bodies. We had all night and there was no rush. As I enjoyed myself I couldn't help but wonder what Brandon was up too. I was confident he had three or more big breasted woman pleasuring him and if I knew Brandon he was probably taking turns fucking them all in the ass. He loves sticking his cock in my butt. Without any rules here, I'm sure he was buttfucking as much as he could.

My mind wandering to what Brandon was up to, got me thinking about what I wanted done to me or what I could do to these two young studs I had all to myself. I called them both over. They stood on either side of me and I didn't hesitate, reaching out to grab both cocks with each hand. They grew to full strength quickly, showing me how young and potent they were. I continued to stroke and play with their penises, kneading their shafts and palming their oozing heads for a while until I could feel how wet I was getting.

"These clothes are so restricting," I said, hinting I wanted out of them.

They quickly obeyed, both undressing me slowly and increasing my anticipation. It was an enormous turn-on to have both these sexy men undress me and begin caressing my body. I didn't have to say another word. I just let them work their magic and considerable talent on me. The brunette went to work fingering me and licking my clitoris while the blonde fondled, licked, nibbled and sucked my fake breasts, increasing the pleasure I was experiencing from the oral below. They did things with their mouths and hands that I've never had done to me and since I had my eyes closed much of the time, I didn't catch what it was but it felt incredible.

The toys came later. I heard them fire up vibrators and felt them plunge them into my wet pussy. A smaller buttplug found its way into my ass and a clitoral vibrator made me scream with pleasure as its strong vibrations took hold. 

I let them continue with no complaints. They changed places several times and never once tried to fuck me with their cocks, but just continued with hands, mouths and many many toys. That was until I couldn't take it anymore and had to have a cock inside of me. I had already cum twice and the desire for more and something deeper and bigger inside me became too much.

"Fuck me! I need your cocks!" I screamed.

The brunette was the lucky guy. He was already down there and seconds later I felt his hard cock spread my pussy and slide effortlessly into me over the plug in my ass. He wasn't very big but he knew how to work what he had, grinding the sides and hitting my g-spot with the engorged head. His balls slapped the plug, keeping it in place. He played with my clitoris, using the vibrator as he slammed his penis in hard and fast. The blonde fed me his cock as soon as I had one in my pussy so I sucked and stroked him while being fucked hard. Never had I done both at the same time. It was so nasty and exciting I was incredibly turned on, wet and humming with pleasure.

The blonde's dick was wide and long. I struggled to take him deep, gagging a few times as he forced himself deeper. I didn't mind. I was in the zone and loving the sensations covering my body. I was so hot and bothered I didn't even mind when the brunette took the plug out and replaced it with his cock inserting it into my tight ass. I opened up for him, letting his cock rush into my butt, causing me to moan on the cock in my mouth. His smaller penis felt good in my ass, much better than Brandon's wide shaft that usually spread me so wide it was uncomfortable, unless I was really horny. This smaller cock was perfect and along with the clit play I was going through convulsions as he fucked my ass. It was difficult to suck the blonde amid my screams and spasms.

He seemed to realize I couldn't suck him anymore, so he moved and tried to trade places with the other guy. When he finally got him to pull out of my ass I reacted, standing up before they knew what I was doing. I shoved the blonde down on the sofa and jumped on top of him, rooting around on his lap until I managed to get his cock into my pussy. I started fucking him hard and fast. His cock was amazing inside my pussy, spreading me wide with his girth and penetrating deep as I thrust down on him. He sucked my tits and played with my ass, driving me down on top of him harder each time.

After a few minutes of riding him I looked back for the brunette. He was standing behind me watching and stoking his cock to keep himself hard. He had the clit vibrator on the head of his cock and the look on his face was classic. I leaned forward onto the blonde and got the brunette's attention.

"Fuck my ass, I want both of you in me."

I stopped my motion, allowing him to move forward and fit his cock above the blonde's into my ass. I had never been so full before. The sensation took my breath away to have two cocks inside my holes. I had imagined it before and had done it with toys with Brandon, but there was something really different when it was two hot real cocks connected to men. The sensation was overwhelming. I had a difficult time breathing. When they started moving, I lost it. I screamed and clawed at the sofa as both cocks worked like rhythmic pistons inside my body. When one went in the other went out and they kept this up, fast and hard until I was freaking out.

When they changed things up and started driving both in at the same time I lost it, cumming like I've never cum before, feeling like my body had exploded on them. There was a huge release inside of me, followed by intense pleasure that caused my body to erupt into spasms and send jolts of penetrating ecstasy through me. I knew then without a doubt Brandon and I needed to bring these parties back home with us. I wanted this again and again and more, if it was possible. 

I was so overcome with pleasure I scarcely remember what happened next. It was like my body was in a constant state of euphoria and I couldn't grasp or control myself. These two young studs fucked me and fucked me, taking turns in my ass and pussy, putting me in strange positions I've never been in before and never slowing down, as if they had infinite energy and stamina. I was even turned on and stimulated enough not to mind the large cock of the blonde in my ass. It actually increased my pleasure and caused another climax as he fucked me with it hard and deep with the brunette in my pussy. They held me in the air between them and thrust up from beneath me, effortlessly supporting me with their strong young bodies.

By the time they were finally ready to cum, I was exhausted from all the convulsions and orgasms my body went through. I ended up on the bed on my back and they took turns fucking my ass separately. Pulling out they crawled over my body and fed me their cocks while the other shoved his dick in my ass. Over and over they switched, fucking my ass and feeding me their cocks after a minute or so. Ass to mouth, ass to mouth over and over until they were ready to cum. The brunette finished first, pulled out of my ass and sprayed his impressive load all over my stomach up to my breasts. His load was thick and white, erupting in seven long bursts of cum. Just as he moved out of the way the blonde rammed his cock back into my butt and pummeled me until he too pulled out and added his load to my body. It was hard to say who came more both were impressive and by the time he was done, I was well covered in their creamy warm spunk.

I just lay there unable to move and knowing I was going to be sore as hell from the pounding I had received, but I didn't care. It was by far the most memorable sexual experience of my life. Both of them left me covered in their juices to attend other people. I found a clock in the room and noticed it was two in the morning. They had fucked me for several hours. No wonder they had such large loads. I finally cleaned up and decided to find Brandon and see what he was up to.

By the time I finally located him in the huge house it was three in the morning. He was asleep on the bed alone. I couldn't tell what he had done since he was the only one left. He was naked and his cock was red and looked sore. I doubted it would get hard again tonight; he probably had cum several times.

I woke him up and he looked pleased to see me.

"Well, what do you think?" he asked.

"I think we need to bring this home with us. I want to start our own party," I said.

"I couldn't agree more. We'll work on it as soon as we get home."

On our way out we were stopped by a very attractive woman, wearing only panties. In her hands were two DVD's.

"Do you want your videos of the night?" she asked.

"Our what?" I asked.

"Your videos," she repeated like we should know this.

She finally figured out we didn't know what she was talking about. "Every session is recorded, we offer a copy if you want to buy it."

"Buy? How much?' Brandon asked.

"10,000 each, it goes toward additional parties," she answered.

We looked at each other and paid the money. I wanted to see what Brandon had done and he wanted to see what I had done, so we bought both. We were going to leave until I remembered Samantha. I wanted to find her and thank her for this wonderful opportunity. It didn't take as long to find her as it did Brandon, but what we found shocked both of us. She was tied up, bondage style with a ball gag in her mouth hanging from her wrists and feet and covered in semen. From the amount that covered her, I'd say at least fifty men had fucked and emptied their cocks all over her. Five or so men were still in the room sitting on various chairs trying to get hard again so they could continue. Brandon and I were not allowed to interfere until all the men were done.

As we watched from the door, one man got frustrated and stood up to leave, his cock wouldn't harden. Five minutes later two guys managed to achieve hardons and both of them stood up. They proceeded to double fuck Samantha while we watched. She moaned and screamed through the ball gag, obviously loving every inch they gave her. It took about ten minutes of brutal pounding but they finally managed to climax, neither had much in the way of quantity. After they were finished, they walked out and were replaced by the last two men that did exactly the same thing to her, acting like they were possessed and insane. I have never seen someone get fucked so hard before, it was like they were on speed or something and Samantha loved it.

After they were gone, two attendants let Sam down and removed the gag, handing her a towel. She noticed us, when she could see again, and smiled. We walked in to talk.

"How long were you watching?" she asked.

"Just the last four men," I said.

"That's my favorite. They work so hard and go so long since they have cum already so much," she said grinning.

"Wow, you... all this... it's surprising," I stammered.

"Didn't expect this from little me?" she asked.

"Umm, no not at all. But we came to thank you. Brandon and I are going to try and organize one of these back home."

"It's a challenge, but I'll help if I can," she said.

She wasn't at all embarrassed about being butt naked in front of us. She had a stunning body, one I didn't really expect from the clothing she wears and her age. She did look tired, and I'm sure sore, her wrists and ankles were bright red and I noticed after the men were done, both her holes stayed open long after they left. We talked for about fifteen minutes and she gave us some names to contact when we returned home. I thanked her again and she invited us back anytime.