 On the private jet home, I put Brandon's DVD in and hit play. He was sitting next to me. He didn't seem nervous at all about me watching him fuck strange women even though he was married to me. I figured what's fair is fair. I got done by two guys so the 'no rules' applied. The DVD started with him walking into the room I found him in with the women he had picked. One was a platinum blonde and the other a redhead. Both had large fake breasts but not overly huge as to look out of proportion. Both of them were very good looking and only had panties on. They led Brandon into the room, offered him refreshments, drugs, alcohol whatever he wanted like me, but there was only one thing he wanted. He went for their stunning breasts first, grabbing, squeezing and proceeded to suck and nibble them, going back and forth between each woman. I could see the bulge in his pants. The redhead saw it as well while he was fondling the blonde. She went to work on his belt and pants, freeing his large penis. She tugged and stroked him, falling to her knees to suck it while Brandon continued with the blonde.

He was soon sitting in a leather chair with both women enjoying his penis. One would suck his balls and the other his cock. They took turns doing this, alternating body parts while he grabbed and caressed their breasts.

I looked over at Brandon to see if he was watching his own video and found him not only watching, but stroking his cock to the images. I smiled, scooted closer to him and he let me replace his hand with mine as I turned back to the screen. I stroked his cock slow as the action progressed on screen. The blonde backed away from his wet cock and stripped her panties off, turned backwards and with the help of the redhead sat down on Brandon. His cock slid in effortlessly and the expression on his face was pure delight.

"She must have been really wet," I said not turning away.

"She was, big time and hot," Brandon replied.

The blonde began to rise slowly up and down while grabbing her own large breasts. Brandon leaned back in the chair as the redhead took off her own panties. She climbed up on the arms of the chair and squatted down onto Brandon's face to be eaten. He dove right in, licking and sucking her sex while the blonde sped up on his cock.

"I'll bet that was fun."

"Totally. First time doing both at the same time. I was so turned on I was going to blow any second. Watch what I do to stop myself."

I watched as Brandon intentionally lifted the blonde too high off his cock so it flipped out. He squeezed the head before putting it back into her.

"Nice, but how long did it work?" I asked.

"Keep watching. Thankfully the redhead wanted a turn, giving me another respite."

I saw what he meant. It took a few seconds for the redhead to convince the blonde to change and then another few seconds before Brandon was fucking the redhead the same way as the other.

"Was there much difference between their pussies?" I asked.

"Not really, both have been fucked a ton I'm sure. The difference was in the way they worked it. Red liked pushing back more as you can see and Blondie was more of a swirl and shallow girl and why it was easy to flip out of her. Red made it more difficult to not cum as you'll see here in a second."

As he was talking I felt a drip of his pre-cum hit my hand. He was really turned on watching himself fuck these women. I was wet as well. I didn't think watching my husband doing this would turn me on so much but, it was quite a thrill. I liked seeing what he liked and what the women did to him. He did have an awesome body and cock, so what's not to like?

Red was pounding hard down on to him while holding her breasts, really taking him hard and deep. I watched Brandon eating the blonde and sure enough he stopped. He was going to cum and I could tell. Nothing could stop it now. Not from the look on his face. I heard his voice tell them both. They moved rapidly. The blonde jumped down as the redhead moved off his cock and turned around. Blondie was already stroking him by the time Red got her face over his cock. I heard Brandon moan and squirm as a huge burst of cum flew straight up in the air, hitting Red's face and dripping down onto Brandon's stomach. Several other long ropes shot up, curling like a fountain and falling down all over Blondie's hands and Brandon's body. Red moved lower, stuck his cock in her mouth and sucked hard while he was still cumming. He freaked out, screaming and squirming from the intense sensation.

"Wow, you really unloaded. Must have been exciting."

"I'll say, and then her sucking it when I was still cumming was crazy intense."

"I can tell."

I picked up my pace on his cock and watched both women clean him off with their mouths and tongues. Soon every drop of semen was consumed and Brandon sat low in the chair breathing hard. More pre-cum ran over my hand. I stopped stroking and rubbed it around, stimulating his head before stroking again.

"You may want to fast forward now. It takes a few minutes before I'm hard again."

"That's fine, it will give me a chance to suck you," I said falling to my knees to inhale his hot cock.

He moaned as I took as much as I could. He is wide and long, so I can only handle about three-quarters of his extensive tool. He tasted salty and smelled musty; probably from the women's bodies he had recently fucked. I didn't mind. I was too turned on watching the DVD and now sucking his beautiful penis to care.

"Let me know when you're hard again," I said taking him out of my mouth to speak.

"I will. You don't want to miss what I do to them next."

I just moaned on his cock and continued to suck and play with his balls I pulled out of his pants as well. He was oozing lots and I soon had a foamy surplus of spit and pre-cum in my mouth that also oozed down his shaft to his balls. Using it, I stroked his shaft while sucking his head. I was into sucking him and he was lasting a long time since he had recently came as much as he could with the blonde and redhead. It seemed like only seconds, but had to be longer, when he suddenly spoke; telling me his video self was hard again. I didn't really want to stop sucking, but did anyway. I sat next to him again and continued to stroke. When I looked at the TV he was getting sucked by the redhead while eating the blonde's ass. I had a feeling I knew what he was about to do and why he didn't want to me to miss it.

"You're going to fuck her ass. Aren't you?" I asked, squeezing his cock hard.

"You know it!" he said, laughing.

It wasn't a minute later before I was watching Brandon slide his huge cock into the blonde's ass. She was lying on the chair with her butt hanging off and took his wide penis like it was nothing.

"Judas! She took all of you easy."

"Like I said, they get done a lot. I'm sure their pros at this."

The redhead had knelt next to the blonde in the chair and began playing with her pussy and touching Brandon's cock as it slid in and out of the blonde's ass. Red kept adding saliva and pussy juice to Brandon's cock and the Blonde seemed to love his extensive penis sliding in and out of her bowels.

"I'll bet you loved that," I said still working his penis.

"Totally did. It's so hot and tight and Red kept it moving smoothly."

"Nice. It looks fabulous. I can tell you were huge and excited... look how much you're stretching her!"

"I know, and she fucking loved it. I pounded so hard and fast, I couldn't believe she was taking me like that?"

"I never could. You'd rip me to shreds fucking me that hard."

"That's just because you're not used to it like them. I'm sure they get done in the ass like that all the time."

I noticed he said 'they' and was curious to see if he got to ass fuck the redhead as well. For the moment it looked like he was plenty content with the blonde's anus, hammering away at her to the point she was screaming and Brandon was dripping sweat all over the floor from his efforts. The redhead was very attentive though, adding spit and if Brandon slipped out she not only reinserted his cock, but gave it a few sucks before. Since he had just cum, he lasted a good while and the blonde just kept screaming for more, playing with her pussy and breasts.

Brandon started getting adventurous, pulling all the way out and as he held his shaft horizontal darted in and out of the blonde's wide open ass. Over and over he did this before shoving deep and thrusting hard again. My hand was working his shaft very slowly since I was engrossed in the action on the screen. It was enough to keep him hard and oozing, but not enough to get him to cum.

I think at least fifteen minutes went by before Brandon got his chance at the redhead. Same exact thing. She took him like it was nothing and the blonde helped with the lube. Red acted pretty much the same as Blondie, screaming and urging Brandon to fuck her ass hard and deep. The only difference was she was kneeling on the couch instead of sitting on it so he took her in the ass doggy style. He seemed to love to pull out and let the blonde suck him for a few seconds before ramming it back in, because he did it over and over.

"What was that like? To have her suck you and then stick it back in?" I asked.

"I was doing that to stop from cumming. It was a different sensation that calmed my balls a bit. I lasted much longer doing it than I would have just in her ass. I've got to say... as you know, I'm a huge fan of assfucking. It's so tight and hot."

"Yes, I know you are."

They switched things up soon after my comments. Brandon sat on the couch and Blondie got on top of him facing away with her feet on his legs. Red helped ease his cock back into her ass and she went to town, dropping and rising off his shaft while Brandon fondled her fake breasts. Red played with the blonde's pussy since the blonde was leaning back with her arms behind her. It was quite visually stunning and it was then I realized how many different camera views there were. Hidden cameras must have been in every wall and even on the ceiling. It took money and effort to make these videos and it made sense why they cost as much as they did.

After the redhead had her turn on top, Brandon finally lost it and stood up only to splatter the ladies faces with another large runny load of semen. They were on their knees below him and he took turns spraying each of them in the face until his cock stopped convulsing. They acted like they loved it, swallowing and licking each other's face clean.

"Wow, you really put out a lot of cum when you're excited. I guess fucking two hot babes in the ass does that for you." I teased.

"Totally."

"So is that it? Or do you manage to get hard again?" I asked, yanking his cock.

"Unfortunately no, I tried but it wouldn't again and so they left to attend to others. I fell asleep after they left."

"I see, well you're hard now, so we should take advantage of that."

"What do you have in mind?"

"First we need to get out of these clothes. Then, since you seem to love fucking ass, I'll let you have mine. I don't think I'm too sore from my session to handle you."

"Speaking of your session. I want to watch your DVD while we do it," Brandon said.

I was almost undressed and just smiled at him. He was more interested in finding my copy of the video then getting himself out of his clothes. By the time he found it, I was naked, fingering my pussy and asshole waiting for him to join me. Before he did, he put in my video and hit play then undressed and sat on the couch. I didn't really bother to watch much, since I lived it, but I did check out some of the hot action to see how good I looked. I wasn't disappointed and neither was Brandon. He freaked out watching the guys double fuck me, which left it up to me to fuck him.

Straddling him, I let him watch the movie as I slid down on his hot, hard cock, letting him slide all the way into my very moist pussy. This got a moan out of him and I turned to look at the screen as I began to rise and fall on his extensive dick. Slowly and with purpose I milked his cock with my pussy, sliding up slowly and letting my insides cling to his shaft, reveling in the sensations of his vein ribbed penis. It wasn't very comfortable to turn and watch the screen so I turned back toward him and watched his expression of what was happening as he looked over my shoulder. He added commentary to my screaming and moaning from the video.

I fucked him with my pussy for a long time, whipping up a good amount of juices. Rising all the way off of him I let his cock slip out only to reach behind my butt and grab it. Pulling it away from his stomach I positioned it at the entrance of my anus. He was coated in my secretions as well as his pre-cum, giving me the lube I needed to ease him into my ass. It was still tight and I soon found I was sorer than I thought from my two guys, but it wasn't that bad. Once I got half of him in and rested, my body adjusted to his girth and I took the rest of his long cock into my bowels.

I went even slower, gently lifting off of his hard rod as my ass grabbed and tugged at his shaft involuntarily. Small spasms rocked my body and the pleasure took hold from deep within me. I was enjoying being in control, taking him as fast and deep as I wanted while he continued to watch me being done by men whose names I didn't even know.

Slowly, but surely, I began to increase my speed. Brandon was soon fondling my breasts, pulling the nipples away from my body and twisting them slightly. This only added to the pleasure his cock was inducing. He was so wide I couldn't go much faster than I was and at the moment I was content. The sensation of him withdrawing, only to ease back in, sent heat and pleasure through my body, making my clit tingle with rapture. Minutes later I was cumming and so was my video self at almost the exact time. My screams in the present mimicked those from the TV and pleasure flooded my body, making my pussy drip from the anal orgasm. The convulsions locked on to Brandon's rod and squeezed him tight, making him moan in pleasure as the fits and shaking took over my movements.

"Fuck, I'm going to cum!" he screamed.

I didn't get off, I couldn't if I wanted to, so he exploded inside my convulsing ass, only adding to the pleasure I was already experiencing. His cock widened, the added semen helped with the tightness as it fell with gravity, oozing out of my tight hole as we both continued to cum. The mess we created was worth it. I fell forward into his arms and he held me tight. We continued to shake and moan until our orgasms subsided. The last thing I remember was the sound of my moans from the TV and Brandon's softening cock falling out of my ass.

*****

The plane landing woke me up. I was still naked sitting upright with my belt fastened. I looked around only to find Brandon smiling at me.

"You were so gone you didn't stir when I tried to wake you."

"Where are we?" I asked.

"Home, you better get dressed."

I rubbed the sleepers from my eyes and quickly dressed while we taxied to the hangar. On the limo drive home I pulled out the list Samantha had given me. The list of contacts I could try to help set up my own sex parties at our home. One name in particular was known by both Brandon and me. We knew him well and as we thought about it, it didn't surprise us he was involved with what we intended to do. We were a little upset he had never invited us though. But he did live all the way across the country so maybe that's why.

When I dialed his number and finally was connected to him he was laughing.

"Samantha said you might be calling me. Not home an hour and already eager to get started?" he laughed.

"Yes, Eddie, we've been bitten by the thrill," I replied.

"I guess. Samantha tells me you both enjoyed the new experience. But attending is one thing, organizing and financing is much different."

"We're up for the challenge," I responded.

"Then I shall assist you with the particulars," he said.

Edward Blake, Eddie for short was even wealthier then Brandon and I with extensive land ownership, several companies and net worth that rivaled the largest in the world. Wherever he went he was accompanied by two or three women, usually blonde, but on occasion there were others and always stunning. When he arrived at our home the next week was no exception. Three beautiful and young women joined him as our butler let him in.

"Eddie," I called out, coming down the stairs with Brandon behind me.

Eddie turned around, smiled and took my hand, kissing the top before introducing me to Bridget, Jenna, and Ginger. All of them stunning. This was not surprising. They doted on him, touching him and showing signs of affection.

"Shall we," Brandon said, leading the group into the den for drinks and discussion.

Once everyone had what they wanted we excused the help and began to listen to Eddie, who had Ginger on his lap and the other two standing next to him. As Ginger crossed her legs slowly it was easy to see she had no panties on, revealing her shaved sex to both Brandon and I since her skirt was so short. I focused on what Eddie was saying even though it was difficult because of what he started to do to Ginger.

"First thing you need is a house. Not this one. No, you need to purchase a home in an alternate name, with no record it is really you. This new identity will be the beginning. Everything having to do with the house and the parties will be done under this identity. Is that clear?" he asked.

Neither Brandon nor I responded. Our attention was on his hand up Ginger's skirt, fingering her pussy. Her nipples were erect and pressing out on her tight outfit and the look on her face was sexy as hell. He spoke again, louder this time to get our attention. I finally responded, but asked him to repeat what he had said. He started over and to distract myself from his playing I began taking notes. Brandon was a lost cause. The large boner in his pants told me this. It was up to me to take everything in.

"It might be easier to have a home built since the video and other tech is very extensive. I have a name of a designer who can facilitate everything you need and is very discrete," Eddie said, just as Ginger began to shake and cum on his lap.

"Once the house is ready, there are certain channels or networks were invitations can be sent. Don't expect an overwhelming reply the first time. It may be small intimate groups until word is spread and it depends on how well received your house is."

Ginger was moaning. Fits of jolts and spasms shook her frame. Eddie removed his hand and licked off her secretions before continuing.

"As far as employees... I have a list of suppliers. And again, don't expect the best at first. They will feel you out; see how serious you are and how much you are willing to pay. Just like any business, the more money, the better product."

He turned to Bridget and she took out the list he was referring to and handed it to me. Ginger was calming down, her nipples were still rock hard and her face was flushed from the orgasm, but she was slowly returning to normal. Brandon was oozing through his pants and he didn't even know it. He was like a kid in a candy store watching Eddie finger bang this gorgeous woman. His erection, pressing against his pants, begged to come out. I was wet and turned on as well, but trying to stay focused on Eddie's instructions. Not what he was doing to Ginger.

She wasn't trying to hide anything. In her convulsions her skirt had worked higher and her moist and glistening sex was in full display, flushed and pulsing for Brandon and I to see. Brandon had his eyes locked on to her pussy and rigid clit pressing out through the velvet folds of skin. 

"It's imperative that your new identities are secure. If they are compromised, they must not lead back to you in any way. I can't stress that enough. The nature of these houses, the paraphernalia and employees present, if raided, will cause certain repercussions you do not want to deal with. Make them bullet proof before starting anything else. You can handle this, correct? Because if you can't there is no reason for me to continue."
