 Author's Note: I've been away for a while, but am planning on adding more to this series. Hope you enjoy the third story in "My Second Job as a Sex Performer."

*

Violet had been uncharacteristically impish when I asked her what tonight's performance all was about, and her only response was to tell me to "Complete this a few hours before coming in," while handing me an enema kit and directions about my diet prior to the show.

I was smart enough to figure out that I'd be involved in some kind of anal sex scene tonight, which both excited me and terrified me. I mean, the idea of anal sex in itself was exciting. Having anal sex with a stranger—albeit, one that I'd had sex with before—was a bit daunting but doing it in front of a crowd made it even more so. I didn't think I'd hate it, but what if I did? Would I be forced to appear to enjoy unenjoyable sex acts in front of an audience? This was the first time I was starting to rethink this sex job thing.

But I was also looking forward to seeing Devon again, and I couldn't deny that I was hugely attracted to him. I found myself in waking daydreams the past few days where I ran my hands and tongue all over his abs and chest as I slid my pussy over his cock. I'd imagine taking a shower with him, kissing him while he pushed me up against the wall, finger fucking me senseless. And in one particularly active imagination session, he was on the floor, under my desk, giving my pussy and clit some much needed tongue action as I tried to focus on my work.

Needless to say, getting work done at my day job had been a bit difficult these past few days with those kinds of daydreams.

I also thought about how incredible it felt to have his fingers in my ass and how intensely horny it made me to have people watch him finger fucking my ass. The thought of a cock—and specifically, his cock—sliding in and out of my ass in front of a crowd was the fodder for a few sessions with my vibrator over the past few days.

When Saturday came, I did my usual (as well as my unusual) prep. I made sure everything was cleanly shaven, and, well, just cleaned and cleaned out. My nails were done. My skin was soft. My makeup was perfect (with waterproof mascara and eyeliner and smudge proof lipstick). I added extra highlights to my reddish hair to make it pop and made sure my curls were their usually wild self.

I may not feel confident, but I was going to play the part. I followed Violet as she led me into the room where I was to meet Devon, only to stop short a bit when she opened the door to reveal Devon and two other extraordinarily handsome men, and said, "I'll leave you and the guys to it."

Guys?

I hesitated a bit, but Devon reached out and grabbed my hand, pulling me into a hug. "Hey there, beautiful. How are you? Vi didn't tell you about the show, did she?"

I hugged him back briefly, before looking to see that Violet had left the room and the door was closed. "Not exactly. I mean, she gave me the idea that anal would be involved."

Devon shared a look with the other guys and all chuckled. "That's her way," he replied. "First things first. Sam, this is Adam," he motioned to a man who had very dark, silky skin with warm brown eyes and a kind smile. "And this is Fox." Fox smiled at me, mocha skinned with a mischievous twinkle in his blue eyes.

I shook both of their hands. "Nice to meet you," I said to both before turning to Fox. "Fox is an interesting name."

"It's a nickname," he replied.

"Ah. As in you're a sly one?" I cautiously flirted back.

Fox laughed and nudged Devon, "You're right. I do like her. She's quick."

Devon pulled me down on the couch next to him as the other men also sat in chairs. "I knew she would be good for this."

Adam motioned to me, "So, what should we know about likes and dislikes?"

"Well," I started, glancing at Devon, "can I have a bit of info about what's going on here before we start?"

Devon settled him arm across the back of the couch, letting his fingers rest on my shoulder. "Oh, sure. So, this is the 'Airtight' Show."

I didn't respond, trying to think what he could mean. I wasn't new to sex or sexual ideas, but this was a new one for me.

Fox cleared his throat. "Airtight is when you have a woman who has all three holes filled at once. Mouth, pussy, and ass."

"Oh," was all I could reply.

Devon hugged me against him. "Is that ok?"

"Yea...yeah." I replied. "I just...I haven't even had anal sex before."

"We'll take it slow, use a ton of lube," Adam replied, gently. "We want you to enjoy it."

I nodded. "I prepared for anal. I mean, I figured out what the enema was for." I paused as Fox laughed. "Sorry, I'm just blunt that way."

Fox waved his hand to say it wasn't a big deal.

I continued, "I just wasn't expecting three men at once. This is a bit overwhelming."

Devon was stroking my shoulder lightly. "Too overwhelming?"

I checked in with my body to gauge my response, and slowly shook my head. "No. It's also kind of a huge turn on."

There was a sharp knock on the door, and Violet stuck her head in, "Two minutes."

Devon stood, offering his hand to me. "Ok. Show time. So I will go out to the chair, you'll come join me, we'll do our thing for a while, and the other two will join later."

I took a deep breath, nodded, and prepared to jump into the deep end.

I stood just behind the curtain and glanced out to the audience. It was a packed house tonight. Devon was sitting in the wingback chair in the middle of the stage. I noticed there was a box with lube, condoms, hand wipes, and towels sitting just off to the side. A thick floor mat lay to the right of the chair.

The stage lights came up and the crowd cheered to see Devon sitting on stage in his robe. I still had my robe on, loosely tied, ready to come off in any moment. Violet gave me a slight nudge, my cue to walk on stage and go to Devon. As I approached him, a few people in the audience applauded me, and I heard a couple folks call out my name. I smiled briefly, realizing I already had fans.

I stopped in front of Devon in the chair, leaned down, putting my hands on the armrests to give him a quick kiss.

"It's nice to have fans, isn't it?" He murmured before kissing me softly, just a peck on the lips. I smiled and nodded in return. He slid his hands up into my hair, cupping my face, pulling me back into him for another, deeper kiss. God, the chemistry with this man was incredible. Leaving me a little breathless, he pulled back and murmured, "I'm going to make sure you have a really good time tonight."

I didn't have a chance to respond as he guided me to stand up and to sit on his lap, hanging my legs off the side of the chair. He supported me with one arm behind my back as he slid the other one to my cheek, pulling me in for another smoldering kiss.

And the man could kiss. For a moment, I lost myself in the sensation of our lips and tongues moving and melting together, playing in each other's mouths, his fingers playing in my hair, and my hands sliding from cupping his face to rest against his bare chest in the v of the robe. I wanted so badly to pull the robe off of him and explore his body with my mouth, but before I could even start to set that idea into motion, I felt his hand slid down my neck and over my breast to loosen the tie on my robe. I moved to help him, and he stopped me.

"Let me," he said, softly to me against my mouth, "keep your hands on me."

My pleasure, I thought as I slid one hand back to the side of his neck and slid my other hand under his robe to explore his pectoral muscle.

He loosened the robe, opening it up and letting it fall so that my body was on display. He slid is hand down my stomach and onto my thigh, rubbing and caressing it.

"Spread your legs for me," he softly ordered me. I did, sliding one leg so that it was no longer on his lap, and my foot came to rest on the floor. He was rubbing my thigh in circles, moving closer to touching more intimate parts of me, but doing so in an incredibly slow fashion. Involuntarily, I moved my hips in the direction of his fingers to try to get him to touch me.

"Want something?" He asked, teasingly.

"Yes," I whispered, whimpering as his fingers continued to play in the same spot on my thigh.

"Is this what you want?" He asked, walking his fingers over to my mound, and beginning circles on it, his touch teasing my clit with being close, but not touching it.

"Kind of," I softly answered, with a soft nip of my teeth to his bottom lip.

His eyes laughed into mine. "Oh, you want it rougher?"

"You can be a bit rougher," I replied against his mouth, sucking his bottom lip in between mine and running my tongue along it before releasing it, causing him to moan a bit.

I sucked in a sharp breath as he slid his fingers over the smooth skin of my labia. "You're so soft." Even though my labia were as open as my splayed legs, he kept his touch to the outer layers, and I found myself getting frustrated.

He gave me one last kiss and told me to stand up and take my robe off. I did, handing the assistant who came out on stage my robe, and Devon stopped him for a minute, taking the tie from my robe before giving the robe back to him to take off stage. I narrowed my eyes at him, wondering what he was planning, but he just smiled.

"Sit on my lap with your back to me," he said, and I followed his directions. I was facing the audience directly.

"Lean back and spread open your legs." I leaned back and l let my head fall back to rest on his shoulder. I opened my legs a bit. "Open them really wide. I want the audience to see what I have planned."

I followed his command and happened to catch a glance at the screen that held an imagine of my pussy. I knew I was turned on, but I could see that I was dripping wet.

"Put your right hand up behind my head and hold onto the back of the chair." I reached behind his head and did as he asked. "Now, put your left hand back with your other hand." I reached back as he handed someone the tie from my robe, and soon found my wrists tied together behind our heads.

"Is that too tight?" Devon asked in my ear. I shook my head. He ran his hands up and down my ribcage gently. "How does this feel?"

I was trembling with excitement, and extremely turned on. I laughed nervously, "I want to know what's next."

Devon kissed my cheek and ran his hand down to my thigh. As he caressed the skin of my inner thigh, he asked "What would you like me to do next?"

My hips, with a mind of their own, bucked up.

He slid his fingers to my labia again, lightly stroking the skin. "So soft. I wonder how wet you are."

I managed a laugh. "Looking at the screen, I think it's safe to say I'm very wet," I replied softly. He glanced over to see what I was talking about and my gaze followed. I groaned when I saw his darker fingers stroking my very pale skin, inching closer and closer to my wetness. My labia were splayed open, and you could see crystal like droplets shimming from between them.

He slid his fingers back to my mound, before pausing and saying, "So you'd probably like this," and sliding his fingers between my labia, over my clit, and down into my pussy. My hips thrust up against his hand on their own accord, and my head fell back against his shoulder again as I moaned.

Devon slid his hand back up, stopping at my clit. "Maybe you just want some attention here?" he asked, starting to rub slow circles around my clit. I was already so turned on, it wasn't going to take me very long to come.

He stopped, and moved his fingers lower, slowly sliding a couple deep inside me, as I felt my pussy clench around them. "Or maybe you need some attention there?" He whispered in my ear.

I couldn't really form coherent statements at the time, so I bucked against his hand, trying to get him to keep fucking me with his fingers.

He pulled back again, to my frustration, but only for a moment before he said, "Or maybe you need both."

With the base of his palm coming to rest on my clit, rubbing it with every movement, and two—oh, wait—three of his fingers fucking my pussy, I completely forgot about the audience. I forgot this was a show. I just enjoyed this moment with Devon. I just wanted to come, scream his name, and fuck his brains out.

What started as slow hands and movements was now a jackhammer movement as his fingers thrust into me, and I fucked back by moving my hips. His palm rubbing circles around my clit was ecstasy, his fingers playing in my wetness was insane, and I was ready to come and turn my focus onto him.

The orgasm was intense, screaming out his name, feeling his fingers continue to work in and out of me as the waves hit me; it felt like I came forever. When the feelings subsided, I kind of slumped against him for a minute. I would've rested longer, but he didn't give me any time.

"Stand up for a minute," he said, helping me lower my arms and guide me to standing. He also stood, before directing me to sit down. I figured this was the time I'd be able to focus on him and held out my arms for him to untie. He shook his head, "Not yet, doll."

He removed his robe, handing it to the attendant, and I had a moment to admire him. He was an absolutely beautiful man, his gorgeous skin covering his solid muscles. I found myself salivating over getting to lick and suck on his thick cock. He was facing me, and I took the opportunity, despite my hands being tied, to reach out and grab it, holding the head of it between my hands and gently running my thumbs over the head. He grinned. "Want something?"

I took the opportunity to lean forward, pulling the head of his cock between my lips, letting my tongue swirl around the tip as I slid my tied hands down the shaft. I let my mouth follow my hands, taking as much of him into my mouth as a I could. Before I could get too far, he pulled back.

"Not that I'm not enjoying that," He said, leaning down and kissing me gently with a smile. "But I have something to do first."

I let him push me back against the chair, and he spread my legs wide open, one leg over each arm of the chair.

Devon nodded behind me, "And Adam will hold your hands for you." I didn't realize Adam was behind me, but I lifted my arms over my head and felt his hands close in around my tied wrists, holding them (and me) in a very exposed position.

"Adam, you know something I really like doing?" Devon called up to Adam.

"Eating pussy?" Adam replied.

Devon looked up from his crouched position in front of me, fingers stroking my inner thigh. "Very true. And Sam has one of the sweetest ones I've tasted."

I heard murmurs of approval from the crowd.

"I'll have to taste her," Adam replied.

I gasped as I felt Devon's tongue on my skin, lapping at my wetness before going deep inside. I can't remember a time where being tongue fucked felt so good, but as he licked and stroked with his tongue, his fingers rubbed my clit. I felt Adam slide one hand down my arm and onto my breast, rolling and playing with my breast and nipple.

I felt like I was close to coming again when Devon switched things up and he started sucking on my clit, fucking me with three fingers again. Adam let my arms fall limp behind my head and let his other hand down to play with my other breast.

When I felt Devon slide a finger into my ass, the combination of three in my pussy and his mouth sucking hard on my clit, I came hard. I'm not sure what sounds I made, but I knew I made a lot of noise, because when I came back both Fox and Adam were staring at me in awe, and Fox said gleefully, "We've got a screamer."

Devon looked up at us from between my legs, my wetness dripping off his chin, and grinned. The guys let me rest in the chair and come back down to earth for a moment while they got a few things ready. Adam released my wrists, rubbing life and feeling back into them a bit, before checking that I was okay to proceed with the show. I indicated it was. Fox, now naked, held out a hand and pulled me to my feet. Where Devon was considerably taller than me, Fox was about my height, with smooth rippled muscles, and strong legs. His cock was also long and thick, and I wouldn't have minded some play time with him either.

Fox leaned in and kissed me gently on the mouth. He tasted of cognac, and his kiss sent shivers down my spine. I went in for a second kiss when he pulled away, sliding my hands up to cup his face, and letting my lips play with his. After a third kiss, he softly asked me, "Are you ready for some fucking?"

I hesitated, wondering which orifice he meant. He saw my unasked question and clarified, "Are you ready for my cock to bury itself in your pussy?"

The question made my breath hitch, and I just nodded. He took my place in the chair, keeping a hand on me. I was still facing the audience as he pulled me back toward him. "Spread your legs wide. We want the audience to see me pounding your pussy."

I placed one leg on the floor next to the chair, and straddled him and the chair, guiding myself down onto his cock. I gasped when the head of his cock slid in, situating myself so I could easily slide while keeping my legs open.

Fox groaned behind me as I bounced a little on his cock, each time pulling him in deeper, as I got use to his girth. "Fuck. You're so wet. And so tight."

Each little bounce was sending small shockwaves through me. I was already sensitive to any touch or feelings in that region, but this was a monster cock that I was riding, and it was hitting all the right spots. I finally worked my way so that he was fully inside me and stopped to enjoy the fullness.

Fox whispered to me, "Play with yourself."

I moved up and down a bit on his cock as I reached down to rub my clit. I really was so wet. I couldn't believe how incredibly turned on I was from this whole scene. I reached down with my other hand and felt where Fox and I were joined. It felt fucking amazing. I was getting into my zone, working my hips harder when I felt Adam touch my arm. I looked up and he was smiling at me with a vibe in one hand and his cock in the other.

I took the vibe from him and started rubbing my clit with it as I reached up with my other hand and started stroking him, pulling him into my mouth. Because that hand had been playing in my wetness, I could smell and taste myself on him, and it only added to the heat of the moment. I felt Fox working under me to help with bigger thrusts, his cock almost falling out of my pussy as we slid apart, but then slamming back in. The hand holding the busily buzzing vibrator rubbed my clit furiously as I stroked Adam's shaft, and licked and sucked the head of his cock. Adam rested a hand on the back of my head, gripping my hair as things continued and I was able to get more of him into my mouth with each pass.

It didn't take long before I was amid another screaming orgasm (this time, screaming around Adam's cock). Adam pulled away, leaning down for a quick kiss and a smile, before I heard Fox say "Ok, we're going to move. Just hold on."

I squealed a bit in surprise when he stood, my legs still splayed, cock impaled into me, and reaching back to grab him. He wrapped his arms around me, and the other guys guided us to our knees. Devon smiled at me as I settled onto all fours on the floor mat, Fox still buried inside me. Devon kneeled, holding his beautiful cock out for me as Fox began thrusting in and out of my pussy, and I leaned forward to take the head into my mouth, sucking on it. Flicking my tongue all around it. Since I was supporting my body with my hands, I couldn't use them, so I sucked it down the best I could using my mouth, turning at one point to look up at him to make sure he was enjoying it. Fox was holding my hips, smoothly sliding his thick dick in and out of my pussy.

I felt fingers playing around my ass, adding lube. I must have tensed, because Devon ran a soothing head over my head and shoulder. "Relax, Sam, it's just a toy right now," he softly said to me.
