 Carl watched Jill from the hallway as she packed his suitcase for his trip. He loved her with all his heart and he knew that she loved him as well, even though they were not married. It wasn’t that Carl didn’t want to marry her but rather it was an agreement they had agreed on years ago. He was afraid, even after being with her for 10 years that if he tried to make it permanent she would leave.

He met Jill a little over 11 years ago at the factory where they both worked. Both of them had been divorced for almost a year before ever getting to know one another at work. Carl was the production manager and Jill worked on one of the lines on the production floor.

He had been putting in a lot of overtime hours at the plant after filing for divorce from his unfaithful wife. Thank god neither one of them had ever wanted children or her might have thought twice about divorcing her if there were children involved. He came from an abusive family with an alcoholic father and a mother always in a state of depression. He promised he would never take the chance that he might have kids and subject them to their lousy grandparents.

It was only in these later years that Carl admitted that the only reason his wife had married him was because of his position in the company. There was nothing striking about Carl at all, he was just an average looking guy. Mary on the other hand was beautiful and she had a body to go with that beauty. He let her beauty, body and his male ego control him back then. Feeling all kinds of full of himself because this beautiful woman wanted him.

It was during their first year of marriage that Carl found out what the real Mary was really like. She was a bitch! No other kind way to put it, other than she was a first class bitch in every sense of the word. She used sex to get what she wanted from him and he was to blind and stupid to see it till it was to late. The further up in the company he moved the more she spent and all the while she was fucking every cock she could get her hands on.

When he filed for divorce she had been fooling around with a married man who owned three advertizing agencies. He left his wife for Mary a year after their divorce. Last Carl heard was she was on husband number five, each one having a little more money than the last one had.

Jill had almost the same problems with her marriage. Only her husband was a no good lazy bum. He’d lose one job after another leaving Jill to support them. All the while she thought he was home looking for work, he had been fucking other women in her bed. Jill never missed work, even when she had been sick. She couldn’t afford to if she were to be able to support them. She had been so sick at work one day that Carl had sent her home. She found her husband in bed with their next door neighbor. 

She kicked his ass out and filed for divorce the following day. He had tried his best to get her to take him back, he didn’t like losing his free ride. He even came to work a couple of times and she had called the police asking him to be removed from the premises. The guards were told he was not allowed in the parking lot or on the grounds. If they caught him trying to get in they were to call the police immediately and have him arrested. 

Their relationship started out as friends then after a while it became more personal between them finally getting to the sexual stage. Carl had never met anyone like Jill in his life. She was a very sexual creature always wanting to be intimate, which Carl didn’t have one problem with, he enjoyed their intimacy and reveled in it. 

They had been together a little over a year when one night after they had been making love she asked him if he would do a favor for her. Carl would never deny her anything that was in his power to give her so he told her yes.

“Don’t say yes Carl until I tell you what it is I want of you,” she told him while still caressing his cock in her hand.

“I’m sure what ever it is the answer will still be yes hon. Now what is it you have to ask of me?”

Jill knew that what she was about to ask of him would be a shock to him but she was prepared for that. “Will you fuck another woman for me while I watch?”

“WHAT? You can’t be serious Jill!”

“I’m very serious Carl, I would really enjoy watching you fucking another woman.”

“Jill I know you can’t be serious about this, you have to be pulling my leg just to see what my answer would be.”

Jill sat up reaching for her gown and slipped it over her head. She stood up and went to sit at the small corner reading table they had in their room. “Come sit with me and let’s discuss this Carl. I assure you honey that I am dead serious about this.”

“Carl it would really please and turn me on to watch you pleasuring another woman. Most men would give their eye teeth to have a mate who would encourage them to fuck someone else and you know it.”

“Jill let’s just say that I agree to this request of yours for the time being. How do you propose to make this happen first of all. No...let me finish before you say anything else, ok? Second let’s be realistic here Jill, we are not young number one, and we are not sex symbols number two, and finally we are not little hard bodies either.” 

No matter what she thought Carl had always considered her attractive. So she wasn’t slim and trim, that didn’t matter to him in the least. She had the cutest face, with eyes that always smiled back at you and she loved sex! That made her the perfect woman as far as he was concerned, anything else was just the icing on the cake.

“Ok, I’ll make a deal with you. If I find someone who is willing, is of average looks, and I don’t really care what size she is and neither do you, would you do it? Just a simple yes or no is all I’m asking Carl.”

He looked at her and knew she meant every word she had said. “Alright Jill, if that is what you want I’ll do it.”

She threw herself into his arms, kissing him passionately. “I promise you will enjoy it hon, and if you don’t, I won’t ever ask you to do it again, I promise.”

A couple of weeks had passed since they had agreed he would fuck another woman if she found one and Carl hadn’t thought anymore about it since then.

It was around 7:30 on Saturday night and they were cuddled on the couch in front of the TV. Carl had made her lay back with her left leg over the back of the couch and her other on the floor so he could play with her pussy. He loved to finger fuck her and watch her climax when his fingers did their magic on her clit. His cock was hard and peaking out of his robe. He was about to go down on her when the doorbell rang. Before he could say a thing Jill had jumped up from couch heading towards the front door.

“That would be our guest,” she said over her shoulder. Jill opened the door and greeted the woman inviting her inside.

Carl tried to cover himself best he could watching the woman who was following Jill into their living room. She was shorter than Jill, had beautiful long red hair and striking green eyes. She had a splatter of freckles across the bridge of her nose and Carl guessed her to be in her late 20's or early 30's. She was neither slim nor fat but rather pleasingly plump.

“Beth I would like you to meet my partner Carl.” Beth offered her hand in handshake to Carl as Jill introduced her to Carl. “Carl this is Beth she is going to let you fuck her tonight while I watch. I told you he would be a little nervous at first but as you can see he has a very nice cock as I told you and he can fuck for hours.” Jill had reached inside his robe parting it showing his cock to Beth.

Before Carl could react, the shock still registering on his face the woman had kneeled down in front of him taking his cock in her hand.

“Oh, I must have a little taste of this first if you don’t mind?” Having said that she lowered her mouth to his cock and began sucking away on it.

He had gotten over his initial shock and was now enjoying the blow job he was getting. He kept looking over to Jill seeing how turned on she was watching. She was playing with her nipples, her legs spread so that he could see she was wet. 

Jill got up and walked over to where Beth was and lifted her blouse up and over her shoulders, then she undid her bra freeing her tits so Carl could reach down and play with them. Jill found herself reaching for Beth’s nipples, she rolled them between her fingers feeling how hard her nipples were.

“Carl she has wonderful nipples, suck them for me babe and get her pants off, I want to see you eat her pussy.”

Carl stood up pulling Beth up with him, he turned her around towards the couch and let his hands cup her breasts. He leaned down and took a nipple in his mouth sucking gently. Beth moaned in her pleasure. He reached down to the waist of her slacks and slid them down her hips pulling her panties down with them. Beth stepped out of them easily.

He pushed her down onto the couch spreading her legs and got between them, he glanced over to Jill as his finger slid into her wet cunt and began a slow finger fuck. He could see how much this turned Jill on. He leaned down and buried his face in her pussy, licking and lapping at her making her squirm all over the place.

Jill watched as he ate Beth’s pussy, she was close to coming herself watching and playing with herself. She walked over to be closer to them, she wanted to see his mouth in her pussy. Jill hadn’t realized she was going to do this but she had an uncontrollable urge to kiss Carl, she wanted to taste the woman on his lips. She pulled his head up, “kiss me babe, I want to taste her on your lips.”

Carl kissed Jill deeply, letting his tongue meet hers and letting her taste the essence of the woman who’s scent was on his tongue and lips. He was as turned on as she was and was amazed how much this aroused both of them.

Jill was kissing Carl, loving the taste of the woman on his lips when she felt Beth slip her fingers into her pussy. Carl had slipped two into Beth finger fucking her while he and Jill were kissing. Now Beth was busy fingering Jill’s wet cunt as well, she rubbed her clit driving Jill nuts. 

“Oh god honey get your cock into her I want to see you fucking her pussy. I want to watch your cock slide in and out of her.”

Beth moved off the couch getting on her hands and knees in front of Carl while she leaned on the edge of the couch cushions as he entered her. Carl began fucking her, slow and steady Jill watching each stroke of his cock sliding into this strangers pussy. Jill kissed him while he fucked her.

Beth was enjoying Carl’s fucking, been a while since she had been fucked this well and with such as nice cock too, but she wanted a little bit more. “Jill come sit in front of me so I can eat your pussy, no sense in just Carl and I here enjoying ourselves when you could be too. Been a long time since I had me a taste of pussy and I’m dying to eat yours.”

“Just the thought of watching this woman eat Jill’s pussy had made Carl’s cock surge inside Beth, he wanted to see her eating Jill while he was fucking her. Do it hon, I want to watch her eat your snatch.”

Beth had reached for Jill pulling her over and down in front of her. Jill laid back with her legs spread wide as Beth pressed her mouth to her pussy. She devoured her snatch like a pro, making Jill come twice before Carl had gotten off once. She wouldn’t let Jill up from the couch, just kept eating her pussy bringing her to one climax after another. She had came twice while Carl fucked her. She was impressed that even after he had came his cock stayed hard and he kept it inside her pussy fucking her.

After that first time Beth joined Jill and Carl on many occasions over the next several years. It was also during that time, that Beth and Carl had arranged a little surprise for Jill as well. Beth had been fucking this guy for a couple of years and knew he would be willing to join them in a foursome. Carl found the thought of watching another man fuck Jill as arousing as she had him fucking another woman. The man and Beth had both been sex partners with them over the years.

Now Carl was going on another trip out of town. He had been promoted to a senior vice president three years ago and did some extensive traveling for his company. He hated being away from Jill for so long and so often. She would always almost kill him on his returns home she was so sexually pent up by then. He was just as bad, neither of them ever getting any farther than the parking lot of the airport before they would be fucking.

It had taken him almost a year to set up the surprise he had for Jill. It was to be delivered one hour before he was to leave for the airport in the morning. He didn’t know how he was ever going to sleep tonight in all his excitement.

At precisely 9am the following morning the doorbell rang. Carl had timed it just so that he and Jill would be heading for the door when the gift arrived. He opened the door and standing there was a woman with short black hair, plump, around 40, holding a small overnight bag. She was average in looks, but she had the most unusual eyes he had ever seen when he first met her. Her eyes were a very light lilac, not quite violet and quite striking.

Jill didn’t know what was going on and was about to say something when Carl invited the woman inside. 

“Jill I would like you to meet May she is going to be staying with you for the next few days and will come and stay any days you choose after her first weekend here.” Jill was looking at him with questions in her eyes not knowing just exactly what he meant he could see that clearly.

“Carl what are you talking about, I don’t understand.”

“May you can put your bag over there by that chair he told her pointing to the chair. She went right over and sat her bag down not saying anything, just looking at him. “I’ll let May explain he told her,” motioning for May to come stand beside them. 

“I’m here to serve you. I will serve your every wish and desire mistress. I will pleasure you for as long and as often as you desire me to do so. No matter what you desire of me I will not refuse you, my only purpose is to make sure that you are taken care of sexually and physically while your man is gone from you.”

Jill was standing there with her mouth open not quite believing what she had just heard staring at Carl.

“Honey, I want you to be sexually happy and taken care of while I’m gone. I want your desires filled, nothing would make me happier. I know you enjoy Beth and I thought this is something you could get used to in time. Your own little sex slave who will keep you happy until I return.”

Carl motioned to May and she began removing her clothes. When she was completely undressed he told her to take her Mistress’s blouse and bra off then he wanted to see her suckle at her breasts. 

Jill just stood there as this woman removed her blouse and her bra. She lifted her right breast to her mouth and began licking her nipple, her other hand busy rolling her other nipple between her fingers. Jill was already getting aroused, she loved her nipples played with and sucked. May was sucking on her nipple drawing it deeply into her mouth and Jill could feel the pull all the way down to her pussy. 

She heard a horn honking outside the door and Carl leaned over to kiss her deeply, telling her it was his cab to take him to the airport. 

“I’ll call you tonight dear to see how much you have enjoyed your present,” he told her as he waved and walked out the door.

Jill was going to have to get used to this but right now she was just thinking of how much she was enjoying the woman sucking on her nipples. She told her to stop for a moment, then took her hand leading her upstairs to their bedroom. 

Once inside the room she turned to May, “well, dear I think I’m going to enjoy this.” She pulled her over to the bed, “remove the rest of my clothes May, then we are going to see how well you eat pussy.” Jill was looking forward to the rest of the weekend, she had a feeling she could really get into the roll of having a sex slave at her service........