 Jill had enjoyed the last four hours with May. She was still in shock over this new development that Carl had introduced into their relationship. She just would have never thought he would have done something like this, but she had to admit so far she was enjoying it very much.

Jill had asked May if she were a lesbian just because she was so skilled in pleasing a woman and Jill could tell she really enjoyed it. May had told her that she was bisexual, enjoying both sexes, but that she preferred to pleasure a woman.

“May, how did you and Carl become acquainted?” Jill was dying to know how she and Carl had come to know each other.

“He contacted my Master through his web site Mistress.”

“Your Master? His web site? Explain to me what you mean,” Jill asked her.

“My Master has a web site where he teaches others new to the Dom lifestyle how to properly train and use their submissive’s, Mistress.”

“Come with me and show me this site May.” Jill took her to Carl’s den where the computer was and May pulled up the web site page for her to look over. Jill spent the next hour or so reading and looking over the site. She found quite a few pictures of May on there where he had used her as an example. He had been careful not to show any faces of the people he used as examples.

Jill would ask May about this picture or that and she would explain to Jill in detail about each picture. “I still don’t see how or why Carl would have contacted your Master from what I’ve seen here May.”

“He had written my Master asking him if he could possibly visit him to ask him some questions that he had, that he would rather not discuss them through the site or through email, Mistress. I did not know of this until meeting with your man and talking to him after he had visited my Master, Mistress.”

“Well, I’m still confused about this whole thing,” she told her.

“I was there the first time your man came to see my Master. All he asked him was how to go about finding a female who enjoyed being with another woman and would serve her sexually. He told him he didn’t want to find a lesbian for his mate but rather a submissive bisexual female. My Master called me into his office to meet your husband and told me to answer any questions that he had honestly. I answered all his questions as honestly as I could. My master left to see to some client he had there when your husband asked me if I enjoyed serving my Master. I told him yes. Then he asked me if I had a choice would I rather serve him or a female? I did not hesitate Mistress when I told him I would rather serve a woman. He asked me if he could talk to me in private later and he arranged to meet me at a restaurant a couple miles from my Masters home later.”

“Why would Carl have asked you your preference May?”

“My Master had me come in to use me as an example for your man. He made me obey his commands then told your man that he never let me be with other women because he knew I liked that. He told him if he was going to have a slave then he should get one who didn’t like being with women, so he could force her too anyway. He told him it was not a slave’s place to be pleasured but only to serve and give pleasure. That’s why he asked me Mistress.”

“May, we have to get something straight before we go any further? I do not want you calling me Mistress. You can call me by my name, in fact I insist on it, ok?”

“Yes Mis...I mean Jill. This will take me a little time to get used to Jill.”

“That’s ok May, I just prefer that we are on a first name basis.” Just then the phone rang, Jill knew it was Carl and told May to go back to the bedroom and wait for her.

“Hi honey, so how’s it going? Are you enjoying your time with May,” he asked her?

“Yes, dear I am. Whatever made you think of this Carl? I’m not complaining mind you, but what made you think of this?”

“Jill, I love you, you know that, and I would do anything under the sun to make you happy.”

“Honey I know that, I’m just confused as to why you have done this,” she told him.

“You need sexual contact often Jill and I’m not always there to give it to you. I don’t want you frustrated or unhappy while I’m gone on these trips. The idea just came to me one night when I was trying to figure out some way to make sure you had all the intimacy you needed while I’m gone on these trips.”

“Carl.....I love you, you do know that don’t you? If you did this because you were afraid that I might leave you because you’re gone so much, your mistaken honey.”

“I know that babe, I just wanted to give you something to pleasure you while you waited for me to return from my trips.”

“Ok, then I must thank you for your very wonderful gift!”

He could hear the happiness in her voice and knew this had been a good idea. “I’ll call you tomorrow night when I get into Denver. I love you Jill.”

“I love you too honey, I’ll talk to you tomorrow night then, be careful and hurry home babe.”

Jill went back to the bedroom and told May they were going to go downstairs and fix some lunch and talk. She made them both a fruit salad and a turkey sandwich on a croissant. Both women were still naked and Jill found she rather liked the idea of them both running around the house naked.

“I’m not sure exactly how this works May so your going to have to fill me in on some details. I take it you must live somewhere in the area is that correct?”

“Yes, I live about 8 miles from your home.”

“Are you married? I assume that you work as well so your time is limited, correct?”

“I’ve been divorced for five years. I live alone and I’m a registered nurse. We work 12 hour shifts four days a week and get three off. My days off are, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday’s. As far as time goes, it depends on how often you would like my company. I’m willing to come over after work if you like anytime.”

Jill had been listening to everything May was saying, but she was also getting very aroused again. Jill had touched Beth a few times when she had joined her and Carl, but like May, she preferred to give, so Jill never really did any exploring of her own. Looking at May, across the table from her was making her hunger to do some pleasuring of her own.

Jill stood up and walked over to stand behind May. She reached over her shoulders, letting her hands caress each of her breasts. May’s nipples became instantly hard and erect as Jill played with them. Jill teased her nipples for some time before telling May to stand up.

Jill stayed behind May, teasing her nipples. She kissed the back of her neck, letting her tongue dance over her skin. She moved her right hand down to her stomach, lightly caressing her. She removed her left hand from her breast and now trailed her fingernails lightly down May’s arms and back up again moving across her shoulders stopping at the base of her neck.

Jill placed little kisses all along her shoulders, down to her shoulder blades and all the way down the center of her back. Jill ran her fingertips lightly over May’s back and down her sides. She could feel May’s body tremble as she caressed her. Her fingers lightly danced over the cheeks of her ass. Jill let one finger slide lightly up the crack of her ass, hearing May gasp as she had.

“Spread your legs slightly May,” she told her.

May did as she was told, she remained motionless as Jill’s fingers teased her body.

Jill kept caressing her ass cheeks, grabbing a handful and squeezing them. Jill moved a little to the left of May so she could reach around in front of her and caress her left breast, playing with her nipple. She would roll it between her thumb and forefinger, then tug it gently, pinching it lightly. 

She heard May’s intake of breath as she played with her nipple. Jill was every bit as aroused as May was at this point. She let her finger trail down the crack of her ass going forward till she had her finger in her wet pussy. Jill slipped her finger into May’s cunt and began to finger fuck her slowly. May’s body was shaking, and her breathing was more shallow now with quick little nervous breaths.

Jill kissed the side of her neck, her left hand had moved over to May’s right breast and was caressing it as she had done to the left one. Her finger found May’s pleasure bud and began to rub it. She rubbed slow circles all over her bud, pressing a little harder and rubbing a little faster as May’s body began to quiver while her pussy pressed against Jill’s probing finger.

Jill moved around in front of May and quickly got her finger back at her clit. She stopped long enough to let her fingers slip inside her cunt, fucking her with her fingers. Jill leaned down to her breast and took her nipple in her mouth. She licked and sucked it as May groaned in her pleasure. She tugged her nipple between her teeth, lightly letting her teeth rake across her nipple then she sucked it hard and deeply. 

Jill took her mouth from her tit, and reaching up with her left hand she brought May’s mouth to hers. Her tongue raped her mouth as her fingers were now doing to her very wet pussy. Jill’s own pussy was dripping wet with her excitement. She pulled her head more firmly into her kiss, May kissing her back just as deeply. This really turned on Jill, kissing and being kissed by another woman. It was the whole taboo of it that made it so thrilling.

Jill took her fingers from May’s pussy to rub her clit. May’s clit was now very hard and extended and Jill knew she would be bringing her to climax at any moment. She broke away from the kiss. “You like that don’t you May, your pussy is dying to come and your clit is begging for more.”

“Yes, oh god, please don’t stop Jill I’m going to come.”

“Jill pulled her head forward again to accept her kiss. Her finger was rubbing her clit faster and she could feel May’s body tense and surge forward as her orgasm overtook her. May had reached out for Jill grabbing her arms just as her orgasm came. Her body shook from the force of her orgasm.

Jill was so sexually charged up by this new experience she didn’t give May any time to come down from her orgasm. She turned her around to the table telling her to lay down on it with her legs spread.

Jill sat down in front of her, pulling her legs up and over her shoulders, her arms wrapped around her thighs as she leaned forward to lick her pussy. Jill had never ate another woman’s pussy but she wanted to very badly right now. She spread May’s pussy lips giving her better access to her still swollen and sensitive clit. Jill licked all around the lips, lapping up her nectar. She let her tongue lick and caress her all around her clit, pressing into it as she licked it. She got her bud in her mouth and began sucking it. May was squirming and making all kinds of noise as she sucked her clit.

Jill sucked and licked her clit enjoying the feel of it in her mouth. Her pussy was dying for some attention but she had to bring May to orgasm again before she would make her take care of her needs. May’s legs tightened around her neck as her hips lifted when she came the second time. Jill licked up every bit of her cum before standing up and telling May it was her turn.

They exchanged places and May brought Jill to orgasm twice before May told her they were going back upstairs.

Jill didn’t waste any time, she was so turned on that she didn’t want to miss one minute of exploring this new intimacy she was sharing with May. She told her to lay on her back with her legs spread while she got into her toy drawer getting out her big 9 inch dildo.

“I’ve always wanted to use a dildo on another woman,” she told her as she slowly inserted it into May. She went slowly at first, feeling the wet between her own legs growing. She slid the huge dildo back and forth into May’s pussy watching as it would almost disappear inside her. 

May was enjoying this, she loved to be fucked, but she very seldom got to be with a woman who would fuck her with a dildo. Jill was shoving it in deeper and faster and May loved it. She enjoyed how it filled her pussy pressing against her cervix with each inward stroke. Jill had her finger on her clit now, pressing and rubbing it while she fucked her with the dildo. May knew she would come again quickly, and she could feel it building up to climax with each stroke of the dildo.

Jill was enthralled watching the dildo fucking her as she slid it in and out of her faster now. May began to tense up, her hips lifting and pressing toward the strokes of the dildo. Her orgasm was every bit as much as the first one when Jill got her off by rubbing her clit to climax.

“Would you like me to fuck you with a dildo now Jill,” she asked her?

“You bet I would, my pussy is in some serious need of a good fucking,” she told her.

They exchanged places again, only May didn’t immediately get between her legs to use the dildo on her as she thought she was going to do. She watched as May went to her bag and took out a strap on with a dildo just as big as the one she had just used on May. She watched in fascination as May got into it coming to the bed and kneeling between Jill’s spread legs.

May grabbed a pillow slipping it under Jill’s ass, lifting her cunt up to an easier height for fucking with the pleasure toy. She lifted Jill’s legs up, pressing them back into her chest as she got into position to fuck her. She held the dildo in her hand and rubbed it back and forth over Jill’s clit. She slipped it inside her cunt to get it nice and slick with Jill’s juices. It slid in nicely, filling her pussy to the max. 

She began a slow steady fuck, with long and short stokes. She loved to fuck a woman like this, May had often wondered if she were really a man living in a woman’s body because she loved to be with women more than a man, and fucking one with a strap on always turned her on. She increased her tempo, watching Jill’s facial expressions change from feeling good to extreme pleasure.

“Jill get on your hands and knees so I can fuck you from behind, please.”

You didn’t have to ask Jill twice, this was her favorite position to be fucked anyway. 

May slipped the dildo back into her pussy and began fucking her again. She fucked Jill a long time that way, bringing her to climax twice. She was still fucking Jill, not giving her pussy a rest wanting her to come again for her. She licked her middle finger getting it nice and wet and slipped it inside her ass as she fucked her. 

Jill moaned in her pleasure as May fucked her pussy with the strap on and her ass with her finger. “Oh shit May I’m going to come again,” she told her pressing her ass back against the dildo fucking her. 

May increased her speed, just as Jill’s orgasm began May stopped with the dildo deep inside her but increased her finger fucking of her ass. Jill actually screamed when she came, it was so intense.

Jill lay face down onto the bed, catching her breath and letting her body come down from the pleasure she had just received. May had lay down beside her also coming down from their sexual high. “Why don’t we go take a shower, and go out to dinner,” Jill told her? I think we are going to need to refuel our body’s May, it’s going to be a very long night....”

Jill had all kinds of things running through her head as they showered. She was thinking of all the ways she and May could share in their pleasures.....not to mention all the ways she was thinking of May giving pleasure to Carl when he came home........She was sure she was going to enjoy her “sex slave,” for a very long time.........