 Author's Note

This story stands alone, but it is a continuation of "Accidental Threesome" in the Group Sex category. That story was also posted under a different title in the Loving Wives category, but the environment there is toxic. Even though this storyline fits the LW category I won't be posting there anymore.

*****

About a month had passed since the night I'd let a stranger fuck my wife. That's not even fair: to say "let." It had been my idea, and she hadn't even known about it - hadn't known before, hadn't known during, and was not necessarily supposed to have known until after. I sometimes indulged her fantasy of being fucked by an anonymous stranger by pretending to be someone else while she was blindfolded. It had seemed like the obvious next level for it to be an actual stranger, so I set it up without telling her. I hadn't realized how turned on I would be watching someone else with her, though, and I'd turned her stranger fantasy into an accidental threesome.

To my amazement she had pretended not to know "Mike" had been in the room even while his cum was still leaking out of her and onto our sheets. By silent agreement, we had not mentioned Mike in the month since. When we talked about that first night of literal stranger-play, we kept things vague.

"Hey, darling?" she cooed from the living room as I walked in from work. She was reading on her iPad, legs stretched out sideways on the sofa in a bright blue maxi-dress.

I shed my suit coat and dropped my laptop bag beside the chair. I was spent from on-boarding a new client at work. I melted into the wingback chair across from her. From her solicitous tone I expected I was about to get a new chore. "Yes, dear?" I asked, making a conscious effort not to sigh audibly.

She lowered her iPad and swung one leg off the couch. The spread of her legs pulled her maxi dress halfway up her thigh. She reached down and tugged the fabric farther up, so that I had a perfect view of her crotch. She was pantiless, and her pussy was shaved clean and obviously aroused. She'd been masturbating on the couch!

Suddenly I was not so tired anymore. I was about to hoist myself up out of the chair when she she started talking again and I realized she actually did want conversation. 

"Do you remember that time a few weeks ago?" She asked. She stroked a nail across her thigh and rested a finger briefly on her mound. "We were playing, like we sometimes do? I think it was a Friday."

"Uh huh?" I said, not inspired to say anything more eloquent. She had my full attention, and knew it. Her middle finger rubbed tight circles at the top of her cleft. My eyes were locked on what she was doing. Her pussy was swollen, pink, and wet. 

"There was some of the time that night when... right near the end..." She raised her knee, spreading her pussy even wider. She was using two fingers now, sliding up and down on either side of her hard nub. "If I didn't know better I would swear it felt like your cock was in my mouth and my pussy at the same time."

I looked up to her face, searching for a clue. She didn't crack. Even though she'd been blindfolded, obviously there'd been another guy. For one thing, she'd swallowed my load and her pussy had been soaked in jizz. No way she didn't know. No way. But she was putting on a great act, enough to make me nervous.

"I still don't know how you did that!" she exclaimed in an over-the-top dumb blonde lilt. I sighed a silent relief. "But hey," she continued, back to her normal husky alto, "I came so hard with your cock down my throat." She slipped two long fingers into her wet pussy to the knuckles, then brought them out dripping in her juices. She brought her fingers to her mouth and licked them. "I don't care how you did it."

"I'll never tell," I gulped. 

"I mean it," she said, a serious tone entering her voice. We locked eyes. "I don't care how. It was hot." She licked her fingers again and made a show of sticking them deep into her throat. She brought them out glistening and closed her eyes as she started masturbating in front of me again.

I shifted my legs to relieve the pressure in my crotch. My cock was straining at my boxers and suit pants, and as much fun as watching her was, I wanted to join in her fun. "Well I'm glad you enjoyed..." I started.

"The thing is," she interrupted, then stood abruptly and with a smooth single motion whisked the maxi over her head and dropped it behind her. She was completely naked and stepping toward me. 

"The thing is, however you did it, I really would not mind if you did that again." She stopped and knelt in front of me. "In fact, I've been thinking about it all day." She unzipped my pants and fished my hard cock out. "Can you do it right now?"

"Well I... Uh..."

"Soon, then. Okay?" She winked, and somehow managed to keep a grin on as her lips engulfed my cock and she took me into her mouth.

"Guess I'd better make a call," I thought, only at that moment I couldn't remember my own name, much less Mike's number.

I texted Mike the next day. He and I had only texted a couple of times in the last month. He wanted to make sure she was still fine with what had happened and I assured him that was a complete understatement. He was available Friday, the night she was scheduled to have dinner with her sister. Perfect. I told him the new plan and he was on board. 

"Don't be too late," I said when she was leaving for dinner that Friday. "Me and the blindfold will be waiting." The only time we used the blindfold was in our stranger-fuck fantasies.

"Oh really?" she said. Her blue eyes sparkled. "That sounds amazing." She raised up on tiptoes to peck me on the lips but I swept an arm around her waist, crushing her into me and driving my tongue between her lips. As she opened her mouth to kiss me back I shifted a hand down to her ass, raising her short skirt and wedging her panties into her crack with the tips of my fingers. I groped her left breast roughly with my other hand. Just as the tip of my index finger found its way to the button of her asshole, I broke the kiss and released her, holding my hands up in mock surrender. 

"Have fun! Say hi for me!" I said with fake cheer.

"Jerk," she said, and made a little shiver rubbing her thighs together. She dabbed at her lipstick with a pinky. "I'll be back by 9, unless I'm busy giving the waiter a blowjob in my car." She winked and gave me a little grin, knowing that she made me secure enough in our marriage for that to just be a tease.

I should have known I would not win the horny anticipation battle. She turned to leave, then stopped.

"You know what?" She asked. She hiked her skirt, wriggled out of her panties, and stuffed them into my shirt pocket. "Why don't you hang onto these?" As if she hadn't already won, for the coup de grace she squatted slightly, ran a finger through her pussy, then wiped her slick juices across my lips. "Think about what you want him to do to me."

That much was a guarantee.

I gave her twenty minutes to get seated with her sister for dinner, then started texting her photos of our previous sessions. I always kept a camera set up across the room during our stranger sessions so we could relive them. I sent her some penetration shots, some of her lying naked on the bed waiting - those were my favorites. The voyeur in me got turned on seeing what she did while I was taking the time to turn into the "stranger." Just for fun I included one picture from a month before of Mike's dick in her mouth. I don't know if she'd have been able to tell it wasn't me.

Mike arrived around 8:30 just to give us a margin around her expected time home. We shook hands and chatted briefly, then went back to the bedroom. My plan this time called for Mike to wait in the bath so he could hear his cue to enter the scene. I was ready for my part, dressed only in jeans with no shirt or shoes. Mike would need to hurry into the bath as soon as we heard the garage door. He didn't want to risk making noise later, so he asked me if he should go ahead and undress. I told him it seemed like a good idea - nothing I hadn't seen before, I joked.

Mike stripped, stashed his clothes in the bathroom closet, then we sat on the bed and drank the beers I'd fetched from the kitchen. I have to say: sitting on a bed with a completely naked man I'd invited into my home explicitly to fuck my wife... Well it was less awkward than I imagined it would be. 

9:00 rolled around. Then 9:15. Her joke about giving the waiter a blowjob tickled at the edge of my consciousness as Mike and I talked about politics and sports. Finally about 9:20 we heard the faint sound of the garage open then close a few seconds later. Mike took his position hidden in the bath then I laid back on the bed as I heard the clack of her heels in the hall.

"Oh, hi!" She said when she saw me on the bed. "Sorry - I had to make a stop."

"You didn't start without me, did you?" I asked, joking, but at the same time I did sort of want to hear her answer.

"Well, I guess I did," she said with a wry smile. My heart fluttered slightly as she walked around the end of the bed. "I wanted to get you something... um, get whoever shows up something special."

She stopped at the side of the bed and lifted the hem of her skirt over her hips. There was a thin gold clip attached to her clit, exposing it and holding her labia apart slightly. The clip had a pearl attached that sat directly over her clit, and from that a thin gold chain extended and disappeared under the waistband of her skirt. Her clit and lips were both swollen and wet, and her inner thighs were shiny with moisture. She reached back to unzip her skirt and let it fall to the ground. When she lifted her silk top over her head I realized that she had lost her bra somewhere along the way. The gold chain split into a Y just above her navel and attached to small clamps squeezing her hard nipples.

"I got it all on in the store without thinking about what it was going to feel like on the walk back to the car. I had to, um, compose myself." She licked her lips. "I guess it's a good thing you blacked out the windows in my car for me."

Without preamble I reached out and stuck my middle finger into her wet cunt. It slid in with no resistance; she was dripping wet. I curled my finger, found her G-spot, and pulled her toward me by her pussy.

"I like it," I said. "I like what it did to you, too." I kept the pressure on her G-spot and finger-fucked her for a few seconds.

"Uhnh..." She exhaled. "I like what it's doing to you." She grabbed my hardening cock through my jeans. "It's too bad you have to wait your turn tonight," she said, starting our stranger-sex role play.

"I heard this guy likes it rough," I said. "It's a good thing you're loosened up a little."

I let go of her pussy and withdrew the blindfold from under my pillow. She took a breath in anticipation as I sat up and placed it tightly around her eyes. I held her head in my hands for a moment, then stood up and stepped behind her. She started to climb onto the bed to wait for the "stranger" as we usually played it out, but I grabbed her arms and quickly cuffed her hands behind her back with the handcuffs I'd kept in my jeans back pocket. I pushed her over the bed, face-down.

We'd toyed with light bondage, and we of course had our stranger role-play, but for some reason we'd never combined the two. Just then I couldn't imagine why it had never occurred to us. She let out a little moan and her juices spilled from her spread pussy.

"Fuck it," I said, trying to sound spontaneous. "Someone else can have sloppy seconds tonight." I pulled open my button-fly and dropped my jeans. I could have been imagining it, but I thought I saw a slight disappointment in the fall of her shoulders. If she was disappointed now, that was great. She had a nice surprise coming.

I hoisted her up onto the bed and spread her knees wide. With her hands cuffed she had no choice but to rest on her tits and face. I held the handcuffs with one hand, positioned myself with the other, and plunged into her dripping cunt. She moaned, low and long, and for a few strokes I considered that this night had been sexy enough without what I had planned coming. But, a plan's a plan.

I fucked her hard from behind, slamming into her, slapping her ass, running my thumb around her puckered asshole. My plan had been that we would recreate our previous threesome, only with mine and Mike's positions swapped. It wasn't very creative, I realize, but it had worked out so well that I didn't want to change the script. Part of the magic of that first night was that Mike had her on the brink of orgasm before I made my surprise entrance. Maybe it was that she'd gotten off in the car, or maybe it was that I'd jumped in too soon. I was very close to blowing my load, but I could tell that even though she was moaning and panting, she wasn't close to the edge yet. If I didn't want this night to go sour, I thought I had better innovate.

I pulled out and lowered my face to her open pussy. My nose nudged her perineum as I lapped at our combined precum and her swollen lips. The angle was wrong, though. I thumbed the quick-release on one side of the cuffs to release her wrists. The blindfold was still in place, so she couldn't see what I had in mind. I wriggled around beside her and got my head under her, licking at the clit clamp. She then got the idea and climbed on top of me, 69-style. The chain connecting her nipples and clit grazed my chest. I licked her hard clit, flicking the pearl back and forth. I was rewarded with a gasp and a louder moan as she found my cock and sucked it deep into her mouth. Now we were getting somewhere!

After a couple more minutes of tongue action I could tell she was close. I disengaged and said a little too loudly "You are so fucking hot tonight!" Which was Mike's cue to enter. She didn't miss a stroke on my cock, and I went back to work on her. It was a good thing I had something else to worry about, because I was very close to orgasm. I could see the confusion on Mike's face - this wasn't when he was supposed to come in. His cock was rock-hard and wet though. He'd obviously been following direction and edging himself while he listened to our love-making.

I put one hand on the back of her head and held it onto my cock as if I was preparing to cum. With my other hand I waved Mike over and pointed to her ass. He caught on immediately and didn't waste any time getting around to the other side of the bed.

I dropped my head to the mattress to give him open access. The bed shifted as he climbed on and she stopped bobbing on my cock and froze. A second later his swollen cock was parting her pussy lips and a split-second after that he was buried to the balls. She squealed and tried to pull off of me, but I held her head on my cock. She didn't resist very much. Mike started thrusting, his balls and my wife's open pussy just inches from my face. Droplets of their juices spattered onto my face. I put both hands on the back of her head and thrust up, penetrating her throat for the first time since that first night with Mike.

I felt more than heard her moan this time. I wasn't blocking her airflow, but the head of my cock must have been right near her vocal chords. She was licking me, stroking my balls, and vibrating the head of my cock all at the same time, while right in front of my eyes Mike's heavy balls were slamming into her vulva. I came, jerking underneath her as I spasmed into her open throat.

I could hear Mike start his orgasm as well. It was awkward, but I wanted to make sure she came at the same time, so I raised my head back up to that I could resume licking at her clit and the pearl attached to it. Mike's balls grazed my nose and cheeks as I licked at her, which I guess was the last straw for him. He thrust in as deep as he possibly could have, forcing juices out of her that dripped onto my face. I could see his balls and the base of his cock pulse as he pumped semen into her. I didn't stop licking.

She raised her head up and held my cock in her fist. She screamed and I thought she might squeeze my cock off. It hurt at first but then I found that the pressure on my prostate from her squeezing was causing me to orgasm again. Her legs started to shake and she started an animal-like pant, almost sobbing sounds. She jerked once, then lurched forward, collapsing onto me.

Her jerk forward freed Mike's cock, which fell onto my upturned face, along with a glob of their cum. She still had a death-grip on my cock, and I was still cumming. I opened my mouth and took the head of his cock. I don't know if he even realized what was happening. He was still in the middle of an orgasm. He thrust forward, jamming his swollen head against the base of my tongue. I felt his cock swell against my lips, then swell again, then I felt a warm pool spread across and under my tongue. I swallowed reflexively and he thrust again, then I realized he was in my throat, continuing to ejaculate.

Time stopped for me. I don't know how long I held him in my mouth, but when I was thinking straight again his cock was softening slightly and I could breathe again. Somewhere in the middle she had gotten off of me, and I could feel her mouth on my balls and cock, licking me from stem to stern. Mike mumbled something incoherent and pulled away. I tilted my head up to see that she had ditched the blindfold and was looking from Mike to me and back. She was still licking cum off of my cock and balls, but had a curious smile on her face. Mike got off the bed and walked around and into the bath.

"So that's him, huh?" She said.

"Uh, yeah. That's him."

"Mmmm," she purred. "You did good."

"I didn't really mean to... So we're still good?" I stammered.

"Of course we are. How hypocritical would that make me?" She chuckled. "Anyhow, I like that now you understand why I like sucking cock so much." She winked and drew my cock into her mouth again to underscore her point.

Mike came out of the bath with his trousers on and the rest of his clothes in his arms. He was making the corner to the bedroom door when my wife called out.

"Hey! Where do you think you're going?"

I got more beers.