 She walked into the sex shop, obviously alone. She was provocatively dressed in a short red skirt, a tight white blouse, and red high heels. She’s the only woman in the store; she brazenly heads for the dildos and vibes, openly looking at them. She gets the sales clerk to bring out the biggest ones, and starts touching them. She also asks him to bring out a selection of lubricants and other sexual paraphernalia. As she bends over to look more carefully at the display, her skirt rises, revealing a pair of thong panties, also red, the material bisecting her firm ass cheeks. 

Already in the store is a group of college kids, obviously frat boys. They see her come in, and stare at her, drawn by her exotic looks, her warm brown skin, almond-shaped eyes, small, soft mouth with an appealingly full lower lip. They’re also amazed by her boldness; her lack of embarrassment in entering the shop. They themselves had to show up in a group… 

They study her body, staring hungrily at her ass, her soft brown thighs. She is obviously bra-less, and they try to catch a glimpse of her cleavage. She glances at them, and then looks away, dark brown eyes dismissive. 

They come closer to her, but she ignores them and picks the biggest, thickest dildo, holding it her tiny hands, stroking it lovingly. One of the frat boys, their leader, says to his friends, "This woman's a real slut -- we can give her something better than a fake cock." 

The sales clerk happens to be a frat boy, too, this is his part time job, and his friends are visiting him. It's nearly closing time, and the leader arranges with the sales clerk to close a little early. He goes to the front door and locks it; the woman doesn't notice; she' s looking at leather restraints.

The leader approaches her from behind and purrs in her ear: "Let us help you with those..." She jumps in surprise, but before she can do anything, they're on her, all four of them, while the fifth, the sales clerk closes the blinds to prevent people from looking into the shop and seeing what's going on. 

They put her on the counter and hold her down, not even bothering to strip her completely. The leader just rips her blouse open, so her full breasts are exposed, and then he tugs her skirt up. Whether from looking at the toys, or from their handling, she’s already wet.

They make much of that, all five of them running their hands over her warm brown flesh, not at all roughly. Their hands tease her nipples, pinching and tweaking them. She starts to squirm, and her skirt drops back down slightly—the leader hikes it back up around her waist. All five men are laughing, watching her reaction to their touch. 

She's slightly ashamed, but she can't help it, she is aroused. One of the guys lightly strokes her slit through her thongs and she moans, arching her hips up. He laughs, saying, "look at the whore, she’s already soaking."

They take the toy she had been handling, the huge, veined dildo, at least 10 inches long and extremely thick, and tease her with it, running it over her breasts and down her softly rounded tummy. They rub it between her wide spread legs while she continues to squirm and moan. The leader says "why waste your money on lube -- you're wet enough to fuck all our cocks -- and baby, that's just what's going to happen."

They tear off her thongs and stare at her bare, shaven cunt, the lips moist, swollen -- wetness glistening. One of them breathes reverently, "what a hot cunt." As they look, a trickle of moisture runs from her steamy snatch to her little puckered hole.

The leader can't hold back any longer; he suddenly jams two fingers inside her sodden twat. She squeals in surprise and this acts as the signal for all of them to fall upon her, their hands becoming rougher. Her nipples are twisted and stretched, her ass fondled and spanked. One of the other men adds two of his fingers to her cunt. There are now four fingers, belonging to two different men, stretching her open. A third man rubs her wetness around her tight hole, while 

the fourth unzips his pants and rubs his cock all over her tits. The fifth also strips and rubs his pre-cum over her face.

She's moaning loudly, her body is rocking, riding the invading fingers. She can't really speak; she's so overwhelmed by the sensations. Part of her thinks, "This can't be happening to me." But she thrusts her hips up, and her tongue slides out to lick the fat bulbous head of the cock that's rubbing across her lips.

She suddenly screams when a long thick finger is pressed into her tight star. As her mouth opens in a wide O, the fifth man shoves his cock inside. She nearly chokes on it, her eyes going wide -- but once it's in, she loves the taste, and her mouth closes around it. She starts to suck that hot cock, her tongue sliding over the throbbing flesh.

The men release their grip on her arms and legs, realizing no restraints are needed. She wraps a hand around the cock that's been rubbing over her breasts, stroking it. Her senses are reeling, she sucks hard on the cock plundering her mouth, swirling her tongue over the thick shaft. 

The fingers are pumping steadily into her ass and cunt now, and her fuck juices are flowing. The one using her mouth starts to speed up his thrusts; she struggles hard to keep up with him, he's really pumping. She can barely breathe; he's got his cock jammed down her throat. Still, she loves it -- her saliva drips off his cock and her mouth slurps hungrily, shamelessly.

He starts to groan; her mouth feels so good around him – so hot and wet and tight -- her tongue flicking all over his flesh. With a sudden loud cry, he explodes, shooting his cum deep into her throat, loads and loads of it. He gives her all his cum, and the five men watch her swallow it down, some of it sliding out of the corner of her mouth.

As the fifth man he falls back, the leader tells him to get a video camera from the back of the store. The fourth man, whose cock she’s been wanking, wants to shove his cock into her mouth, but the leader says to wait. The fingers inside her are pulled back, and she moans in protest, feeling empty…

The leader tells her to get on her hands and knees on the floor, and she obeys instantly, rolling off the counter, and dropping on all fours. He flips her skirt up and they all admire her firm rounded ass, her tight hole a little stretched by the third man's finger. They also see her now gaping cunt, wetness dripping from it, streaking down her thighs and dripping onto the hard surface below her.

When his companion returns with the camera, one of them slides underneath her, his cock rock hard, throbbing and thick. The leader tells her to ride it. She eagerly complies, her cunt aching, needing to be filled. She barely notices the video camera as she slides down that thick fleshy pole, releasing a glad little cry 

when it fills her.

The leader tells her to lean forward, and when she does, another man immediately steps up and parts her ass cheeks. Her tight hole is slick from the cunt juices that have trickled down. Still, it takes him a while to get his extremely thick fat cock inside her. She squeals a little, because it hurts to be so stretched. At the same time, the guy underneath her is grinding his hips up, and the pleasure wins over the pain.

Finally, he’s completely inside her, his balls kissing her flesh. He looks down and nearly cums from the sight of her firm ass cheeks split by his shaft. He can feel his friend's cock through that thin partition between her cunt and her ass. The fourth man gets his wish and moves to her mouth. She parts her lips hungrily, and all three men begin to pump, using her body, the one at her mouth holding her head with the two at her cunt and ass alternating strokes, loving the way her tight holes grip at their cocks, her fuck holes sucking their tools. 

She moans and squeals, revels in the sensations, loving how they're fucking her and using her. The one fucking her ass starts to spank her while he thrusts in and out. That makes her squeal, and ride the cock in her cunt a little harder. Her little cries excite the guy she's sucking off and he starts to pump harder. Her drool trickles down the side of her mouth; her mouth is like another cunt -- warm, welcoming, wet. She wants to cum; her body craves an orgasm.

The video camera records every part of this; the slapping of skin echoing around the room over her muffled screams, the drool snaking from her mouth. Her slutty body is oblivious to the camera. It focuses lovingly on her mouth and the thick purple cock shoving into it. The camera pans from her heaving breasts to her ass and the fat cock pumping into it, splitting her ass cheeks. It scans her soaked thighs, the glistening cunt-juice soaked cock taking her pussy.

The leader watches, his cock stiff. She starts to tense, her body close to orgasm, she needs just a little more; they need to pump into her a little more. To her frustration, they start to cum... The one in her mouth pulls out and shoots his load all over her face and tits. She instinctively opens her mouth, her tongue sliding out, cum coating her tongue and sliding off it. The camera dwells lovingly on the sight…

The two men using her cunt and ass suddenly slam forward hard at the same time. She screams as they explode, filling her with cum. They pull out and spurt more cum on her glistening brown body. She writhes on the floor, her orgasm denied. Her hands move to her cunt, she's desperate to bring herself off.

The leader's quiet voice stops her as he commands, "crawl over here slut."

She shakily gets back on all fours and crawls over to him. He's holding the dildo, that thick long dildo she had been fondling earlier. He sits back and unzips his pants; his cock is even longer and thicker than the dildo. She moans, feeling her pussy spasm hard at the sight of that beautiful cock.

He tells her to get up and ride his cock. She quickly stands up, legs still weak, and is about to lower her cream filled cunt onto his rod when he slaps her ass and snaps "Not that hole, bitch!" She stops, a little confused, and then realizes what he means. She whimpers, his cock is so thick…and so long…

The camera focuses on her face as she lowers her ass onto the monstrously huge cock. It cuts to her ass as the huge fuck tool enters her, inch by inch...then moves back to her face, catching the pain and pleasure reflected on it. It slowly roves down her body, back to her ass as the last inches of his cock are swallowed by her once tight tunnel.

The leader groans, she's so hot and tight. Watching her being used has gotten him incredibly hard, he’s very close to shooting his load. The tight hot grip of her ass sets his head spinning with pleasure. He tells her roughly to spread her legs wide, and when she does, he shoves the dildo into her cunt without warning. She starts to scream, her fuck holes filled to capacity, she's never been so stretched before. She’s torn between pleasure and pain, the lines blurring into each other.

She needs to cum so badly. She rides both cocks—the real and the fake—shamelessly, wantonly, her little body rocking back and forth, breasts bouncing, face transfigured by lust. The leader growls and curses as her tightness envelopes him, over and over. His lust builds and he can feel his balls tighten, cum racing up his swelling cock. He twists the dildo in her cunt, pressing it upwards, so it mashes into her swollen clit. At the same time, he erupts, filling her ass with thick hot cum. The combined sensations throw her over the edge, and she keens wildly, her body convulsing, tight hot cunt gripping the toy, her sphincter clamping around his cock, milking it. Her thighs drenched by her cum, the silvery liquid staining her skin.

He pushes her off and away from him, and she falls to the floor. He strokes his cock, emptying the last few ribbons of cum onto her shuddering body. The cameraman drops the video recorder, and strokes as well, joining his friends who were again brought to erections by watching her impale herself on their friend’s cock. She moans as their hot seed splashes onto her body, bathing her in cum. As the last drops spatter on her aching body, her hands rub the cream into her skin. 

The men pull their clothes back on, leaving her lying on the floor, barely conscious. The leader opens her handbag, and pulls out her license, noting her name and address. As she comes back to consciousness, he waves the videocassette in front of her, calling her by her name. Her eyes widen in horror as she realizes the potential damage the video can cause to her reputation. Soft sobs well up and begin to shake her body when he says, “if you want this video, you have to come tomorrow night, to this address…”