 It was one of those hot summer days. The ones where you really start to question the wisdom of clothing until you remember that there are silly laws about public decency and other nonsense. Though there is some protection from the sun I suppose so there is that benefit and when your skin is as fair as mine is, you really don't want your privates getting a sunburn. 

I was walking downtown towards my favorite sex shop and even the short walk from my parked car to the store caused me to start to glisten with sweat so my tank top clung to my slender form. At least my skirt allowed me a little ventilation up my legs so I had that going for me. 

I opened the door and walked into the comforting cool store I had visited so often before. The clerk smiles at me as I pleasantly smile back at him with a slight flush to my face remembering the last time I had been to the store... The things we had done behind the counter would surely have gotten him fired and both of us in jail. 

However, I was here for a reason and I started walking with purpose towards the dildos as I tried to refocus my mind. I took several minutes to select a nice thick 8" dildo and bit my lip as I looked at it already daydreaming about how good it would feel to slide deep inside my tight pussy and how horny I was starting to get. Not that I didn't always get horny when shopping at a sex store but still.

I was had taken a few steps up towards the front counter again still distracted when I saw her. She was a newbie in the store I could tell. Nervous as hell as her eyes flicked around every so often as if she felt she was being watched and judged as she pretended to know just what she was looking for. She was wearing a white tank top as well and leggings with a moderate bust and a teal lace bra you could slightly see through her top. My breath caught as I looked at her... my eyes ravished her up and down as I felt my nipples harden slightly from the naughty thoughts that had suddenly entered my mind. 

Without really thinking about it I started to slowly walk towards her, my brain on autopilot from pent up lust and need until before I knew it I was standing less than 2 feet away from her taking deep breaths. She stopped what she was doing and slowly looked up at my, her gaze lingering on my 34D bust rising and falling until her eyes looked up into mine and I could tell that she knew that I wanted her... now. 

I smiled sweetly at her as my brain finally calmed down enough for me to form coherent sentences, "Are you looking for anything in particular?" I asked biting my lower lip. She looked back into my eyes searching slightly as she parted her lips to say something, closed them again and then softly cleared her throat, "I think I just did...". Her eyes looking almost pleadingly into mine and I knew today was going to be alot better than I had thought. I smiled wide and reached forward to softly grab her hands. She looked at me quizzically until I lifted her hands and pulled them up onto my breasts and she caught her breath in a soft gasp. She seemed so stunned that I started moving her hands slowly over my bust until she seemed to get the hang of it and recovered enough from her shock to start moving her hands on her own accord and started lifting and softly squeezing my breasts as I moaned softly tilting my head to the side. Encouraged she took half a step closer to me and spread her fingers wide as she watched in awe as she massaged my breasts and hard nipples... 

I happened to open my eyes slightly as I felt her slowly get more bold with touching me and I noticed the clerk at the front counter. He had stopped what he was doing and was watching us closely, jaw slightly open and I winked at him. Reaching forward I started to gently tug at the bottom of her tank top pulling it up her stomach to reveal a tone stomach with her abs slightly defined. I nearly squealed in delight as I pulled it up over her breasts to reveal her breasts... roughly the size of navel oranges held in her teal lace bra. 

I looked up back into her eyes to gauge her reaction and saw a fire had been lit in her eyes. "I'm Jessica by the way" she said softly as she started to squirm pushing her chest forward slightly for me to touch her as I grinned back hungrily, "Hi Jessica, I'm Jasmine" as I slowly got on my knees and pulled her down with me... she slowly followed and as she rested on the floor I pushed her back so her knees were in the air and her back flat on the ground as I pulled off my shirt and reached back behind me to unhook my black strapless bra. "I'm going to make you feel amazing Jessica..." as I placed a hand softly between her breasts and slowly slid it down her stomach until it reached the top of her leggings. My fingertips slowly slid across the top of her shorts until they met at the front and slowly started to unbutton them and zip them down as she squirmed and whimpered with need. 

I tugged at her shorts gently and she raised her hips into the air a few inches to allow me to pull them down her thighs to reveal her matching panties before I pulled her short completely off and slowly slide my hands back up her inner calves and then thighs as I spread my legs as I lowered my head between them. She had a neatly trimmed pussy and I could smell the strong scent as my face went down and down further until I reached out my tongue and flicked it once over her clit. She gasped moaning, belatedly grasping her breasts and squeezing as her back arched off the floor slightly. I smiled at her reaction before gently spreading her pussy lips and licking her excruciatingly slow. Before long she was writing and whimpering and panting for breath. All of the movement causing one of her long nipples to slightly escape her bra as she writhed in ecstasy. 

I was so enthralled in her pussy that I was surprised when she gasped again but with a different kind of undertone more like surprise. I looked up at her and saw her staring over me jaw agape so I looked back over my shoulder. Standing there was the clerk with his hard cock in his hand as he slowly stroked it, he was just in the middle of kneeling down behind me when he saw me look back at him. He hesitated just for a minute as he smiled at me and I smiled back... turning back to her pussy as I raised my ass in the air and wiggled it at him enticingly. 

I looked up into Jessica's eyes as she watched with fascination as he got down behind me and pulled up my skirt over my ass rubbing the head of his hard shaft up and down on my ass cheeks before I felt him grab my panties in frustration and pull them to the side as his throbbing dick pressed against my pussy. I moaned against Jessica's pussy as I felt him start to slide the tip up and down and in and out of my wet pussy as he slapped my ass. Jessica slowly smiled as she slid a hand into my hair and pulled my face harder against her pussy as I slipped my tongue deep inside of her tasting her sweet nectar. I felt a hand on my hanging breast before realizing he had reached forward and grabbed around me just before sliding his long hard dick deep inside my cunt making me squeal softly against Jessica's dripping wet pussy. I squeezed his dick with my pussy as he pulled out milking his shaft before he slide back inside again slowly building up his speed and rhythm as Jessica watched with rabid fascination and hunger. 

Her hips now starting to buck against my mouth before I pulled away panting slightly and slipping a finger deep inside of her. She cried out slipping her bra straps from her shoulders so she could free her breasts and pinch her nipples. His long cock slammed in and out of me over and over again, my breasts swaying and my ass jiggling with each thrust of his throbbing hard dick pounding my pussy. His balls slapping against my clit as I gasped for breath and moaned loudly with pleasure as I pushed back against him. Jessica looked down at my eyes widening and jaw open in a silent O, her hips bucking wildly on my finger. I leaned down again and sucked hard on her clit as she cried out loud in exquisite agony as she orgasmed hard. I had never felt a pussy squeeze my finger so hard before and it made me even more wet.

I felt like my face was being pushed harder and faster against her pussy from the force of his fucking behind me just before I felt his hard shaft slide DEEP inside my pussy and press against my cervix, his cock throbbed and pulsed mightily as he cried out and started to shoot load after hot load deep inside my hungry cunt filling up my pussy with his hot seed. The sweet sensation of being filled up with his cum finally pushed me over the top and I screamed long and hard orgasmed hard on his cock as I struggled to milk every last drop of cum from his balls. It felt like his cum was shooting up against my stomach until finally I felt it slowly stop and I slowly laid down between Jessica's legs... lowing my ass with his cock still inside me as he laid on top of me... everyone gasping and moaning in soft ecstasy waiting for round 2 to begin...