 Vicki had met Don Barnes when she answered a classified ad in her local newspaper.

"Part time personal assistant required for retired businessman. Generous compensation to the right applicant."

Vicki had called and was given an appointment to be interviewed by the potential employer.

At thirty-three the single mother of a sixteen-year-old daughter and an eight-year-old son was looking to supplement her meager Mothers' Allowance cheque. Vicki's husband had left her for a blonde bimbo not much older than their daughter after they had emigrated from Liverpool.

Vicki was still attractive enough to garner second looks from guys and prided herself in maintaining her girlish figure after having two children.

Vicki was a bottle blonde, stood a statuesque five foot seven and weighed a trim one hundred and eighteen pounds. She was blessed with 38C breasts, which still stood proud after nursing two babies.

T. D. Barnes lived on the thirty-seventh floor of the downtown Century 21 building. Century 21 was a forty-two-story tower located in the heart of the city consisting of offices and upscale condominiums.

Barnes buzzed Vicki in and she was whisked to the thirty-seventh floor in second by the high-speed elevator.

Barnes was waiting in the hallway when Vicki got out of the elevator.

Her was dressed in a silk robe with an ascot like Noel Coward,

Barnes introduced himself and invited Vicki into his apartment.

The apartment was furnished with expensive period furniture. A large Maple dining room set filled the dinette and an overstuffed leather couch and chair dominated the living room.

Barnes offered Vicki a seat on the couch and asked if she would like a drink. Vicki accepted is offer to be sociable and as he poured them both a generous amount of premier scotch into a couple of glasses he explained what he required.

Barnes wanted someone to do a little housekeeping and cooking and to be a "gofer". Someone to do his shopping for him and run errands to the bank and cleaners.

For this he was willing to write a cheque for three hundred dollars a week, a princely sum for a single mother living on social assistance.

Vicki quickly agreed to take the position and Barnes gave her the job on a trial basis.

Vicki showed up to start her new duties promptly at 10 am the following day. She had time to see the kids off to school and was ready to please her new employer.

Barnes first request was for her to do some cleaning. Dirty dishes were stacked in the kitchen and a pot with a burned out bottom sat in the sink with some unidentifiable food stuck to what was left of the bottom.

Vicki loaded the dishwasher and threw the burned pot into the garbage.

While the dishwasher run she went to the bedroom and changed the sheets on the bed putting the soiled ones in the laundry basket to launder later.

Within the hour she had the place looking livable again.

Barnes next task was for her to go on a shopping trip. He gave her a list and two hundred dollar in cash and told her she could get all the stuff across the road in the Terminal Tower's mall.

Terminal Towers was an office building just across Main Street from Century 21. The basement consisted of a shopping mall housing a liquor store, dry cleaners and an A & P grocery store.

Vicki purchased the two bottles of Jack Daniels Barnes had on his list and then went to the A & P to pick up the groceries he wanted.

When she returned to Barnes's apartment the old guy asked her to join him in a drink. Vicki was not in the custom of drinking so early in the day but accepted Barnes's offer so as not to offend him.

The scotch was strong and burned her throat on the way down.

Barnes explained to Vicki how his wife had left him after almost fifty years of marriage. His daughters had convinced her to go and live with them in Florida leaving him to fend for himself.

Barnes went on to say he missed having someone curvy around to look at and asked Vicki if she would mind wearing outfits he would buy for her.

Vicki though he meant a maid type outfit and readily agreed to his request.

The following day Barnes met her at the door with a Sardonic smile on his face. 

As she entered the apartment he revealed he had bought her an outfit and it was on his bed for her to put on. 

Vicki went to the bedroom to change.

The outfit laid out of the bed was shocking! 

A few wisps of sheer material though which most of her body would be visible even with the modesty panties.

A deal was a deal and if the old guy wanted a show what harm was it? Determined to please her new boss she stripped naked and put on the scanty outfit.

Reentering the living room she pirouetted for Barnes's approval.

"Very nice." He exclaimed studying Vicki's nearly naked body.

Vicki was not a whore but she was no prude either. If this old guy appreciated her body why should she not share it with him? She had no serious lovers since her husband had left her and she actually was flattered that Barnes found her appealing.

Vicki decided to take the relationship up a notch and become more intimate with her new admirer.

"Do you like my boobs?" she brazenly asked.

Barnes smiled his approval.

"Do you want to touch them?" she teased pulling the chiffon aside baring her left breast.

She walked over to where Barnes sat with her breast exposed and leaned over his chair. Barnes reached out and gently took her tit into his hand. A shiver went through Vicki as the man touched her.

Vicki bent over further as Barnes guided her nipple to his mouth. As he swallowed her nipple Barnes cupped her ass cheek in his hand pulling her to him.

Even though Barnes was older than her father Vicki's body came alive as Barnes tongue teased her teat. The sudden masculine attention awakened Vicki's sleeping sexuality.

As she moaned in pleasure Barnes's hand slipped inside her panties and his finger entered her tight butt hole. Vicki surrendered to her built up passion.

"I want you to suck my cock." Barnes demanded in his gruff voice.

Amazingly Vicki slipped to her knees between her boss's legs.

Barnes produced his erect cock from his trousers and gripping the back of Vicki's head he guided her mouth to his cock. Vicki opened her mouth and took him inside her head.

Vicki was surprised at how hard the old guy's cock felt in her mouth. As her lips sealed around his shaft her tongue explored its length.

"Not bad." Vicki thought after he long famine of cock.

Barnes's cock began to move, sliding between her lips as he plunged deeper into her mouth. Vicki gagged as his cockhead struck the back of her mouth and tried to enter her throat.

"Sorry." Barnes said as he withdrew a bit.

Vicki's cheeks caved in as she began to suck the old guy off.

"Is he going to cum in my mouth?" she wondered as he fucked her face. 

She felt Barnes's cock twitching and knew he was about to cum, she braced herself to receive his load.

"Aaargh!" Barnes groaned as he emptied his balls into Vicki's mouth.

Vicki remembered how her husband loved having her swallow his jism, taking a big gulp Barnes slimy goop slid down her throat.

Vicki had taken her employer-employee relationship to a new level. Barnes accepted her as his permanent slut assistant. Day to day she would parade around Barnes's apartment scantily attired sucking the old guy's cock when he asked.

There was still something missing, taking Barnes's cock in her mouth had awaken an itch in her pussy that was being satisfied only by her viberator. She craved to be fucked by a real cock but Barnes had no interest in mounting her.

She even went to the extent of shaving her cunt and flashing it to the old guy in hopes of sparking his interest in screwing her. She was sucking his cock anyway so why not have her needs satisfied?

Vicki was loosing hope of being fucked when Barnes announced he had one of his buddies visiting him and had told him about his new "assistant". Barnes said he would appreciate if Vicki showed the same "favors" to his friend.

Vicki quickly agreed in hopes of finally getting a cock in her snatch.

Sam Cooke was a millionaire having made his fortune with an aluminum boat trailer manufacturing plant. Starting out as a pig farmer Cooke realized the rising popularity in pleasure boating and saw a market for trailers to haul the many new fiberglass boats over the highways, Wasco Trailers was born.

Don Barnes introduced Cooke to his new in-house slut and advised her if Cooke wrote a cheque for the entire building it would be good.

Cooke was a few years younger than Barnes but a more full-bodied man. Standing over six foot his frame carried close to three hundred pounds and with his shaven head he resembled "Mr. Clean". 

Vicki was wearing the black body stocking Barnes had got her for the occasion. It was sheer as nylon stockings with just a butterfly appliqué concealing her shaven labia and two roses hiding her three-inch aureoles.

Cooke was not disappointed with Barnes's description on his concubine.

"I hear you are a great cocksucker?" Cooke asked to get the action started.

"I fuck pretty good too!" Vicki acknowledged hopefully.

"Well let's find out." Cooke said unfastening his trousers.

Cooke pulled out a beautiful thick cock that was just what the deprived young mother had missed for so long. Cooke's cock was amazing, at least nine inches long and as thick as a baseball bat, just what Vicki need inside her pussy.

Vicki heaves a sigh, "I gotta get him to fuck me!" she thought.

Her hand went to the zipper than run from her neck down to her crotch. Slowly she pulled it down exposing her creamy white body as the thin material parted. Pulling it off her shoulders she wriggled out of the clinging suit.

Tossing the unwanted garment aside she stood proudly naked before the two men.

Vicki sat herself naked on the living room couch. Cooke approached her with his trousers around his knees holding his huge erection in his hands. The naked blonde opened her mouth to receive him.

Cooke's cock felt twice as big as Barnes's in her mouth, her lips stretched to fit around it. Cooke slid his thick sausage across her tongue until the head filled her gullet.

Vicki grabbed the giant hard on by its base and maneuvered so she could breath and began sucking his off while jerking his shaft from his balls.

Cooke was like a live python in her head ready to fill her with his intoxicating venom. Vicki wanted to taste his sperm, to feel his snot sliding down her throat like Barnes's had so many times before. 

He came quickly and without warning, gigantic spurts of thick salty brine hurling into her throat. Desperately she gulped down his jism.

Cooke withdrew leaving a string of cum from Vicki's lower lip to the tip of his cock. No sooner had the fragile thread broke than Barnes's cock took Cooke's place.

Barnes's familiar cock was like an old friend in her mouth and she knew she could easily get him off. While Cooke explored her naked body with his hands and fingers she lashed her boss's cock with her tongue.

Another load of man-juice shot across her tongue as Cooke shoved his finger into her butt hole.

Vicki swallowed Barnes's cum, her pussy aching for Cooke's cock.

"Fuck me!" she pleaded with Barnes's cum hanging from her chin.

Vicki lay back across the couch naked with her legs invitingly open offering her womanhood to the pig farmer.

Cooke approached her holding his massive cock in his hand stroking it in preparation to fill the horny sluts cunt with his meat.

Cooke's hulk loomed over Vicki as he prepared to mount her and satisfy her need. Nuzzling his smooth mushroom cockhead between her labia he lowered himself forcing his thick cock into her unused fuck hole. Vicki groaned with pleasure as her cock drought came to and end.

Cooke forced himself all the way into her open cunt stretching her tight hole to new limits. Vicki wrapped her long legs around Cooke's girth and pulled him into her.

"Oh yes! Yes! That is so gooood!" she moaned.

Nine inches of prime sausage stuffed her like a Christmas turkey.

It was her first fuck in months and Vicki's cunt was like a hair-trigger detonating an explosion of built up sexual energy. Her body thrashed uncontrollably beneath Cooke as she writhed in pleasure.

Barnes watched in wonder as his slut housekeeper went crazy with his friend's cock in her. He stood stoking his hardening cock looking at Vicki's open mouth as she screamed in ecstasy. 

Vicki was surprised when Barnes's cock fell into her mouth. Instinctively her lips sealed around the cock as she began to suck.

Not since the time her brother-in-law John and his buddy had raped her had she had two cocks in her at the same time.

John was her sister's husband and a member of the merchant marine. He was home for a visit between trips and her husband was away serving with the Territorial Army. Vicki was alone in their council house with her toddler daughter.

Vicki welcomed John and his friend into her house thinking they were just making a social visit. John and his sailor mate had other things on their minds as they had come to rape the young blonde.

Two-year-old Shirley was playing in her playpen while Vicki was cleaning the cooker. Not expecting visitors she was wearing an old terry robe over her naked body.

Vicki was somewhat embarrassed being caught so casually undressed without makeup or her hair done. She welcomed the blokes in apologizing for her appearance.

The guys plopped themselves on the front parlor settee and produced a bottle of rum from a brown paper bag.

"Get us some glasses." John asked.

Dutifully Vicki scurried out to the kitchen and returned with three glasses. 

John poured a generous amount of booze into each glass and handed them to the others.

The straight rum burned Vicki's throat as she sipped it. Vicki was not use to drinking, the strongest thing she would have being a beer shanty. The straight booze went right to her head.

Suddenly Vicki found herself being dragged up the stairs to the bedroom leaving her little daughter watching the telly.

John threw he across the bed while his buddy Doug pulled off her robe. Vicki was soon helplessly naked on the bed.

It was during the time Vicki did not use contraceptives. The church frowned on birth control and her and Rick had relied on the "rhythm method" with some success. Rick would pull out during the times she was ovulating and shoot his spunk harmlessly over her belly.

Now these guys were about to mount her bare cock when she knew she was fertile.

"Please no, I don't want to have a baby!" she pleaded as her brother-in-law covered her.

Ignoring her pleas she felt his hard cock slide into her vulnerable pussy.

John fucked her long and hard blasting his cum deep into her womb and then gave her to Doug for his pleasure.

The two men raped her again and again for over an hour while she heard her daughter crying downstairs. Not content with just raping her, they forced her to perform oral and anal sex with them.

That had been Vicki's introduction to multiple partners.

Once again two cocks inhabited Vicki's body, but this time she welcomed them. She slobbered over Barnes's cock as Cooke rammed his dick into her on the verge of coming.

Vicki had never known such pleasure and to imagine men were delivering it twice her age made her feel good knowing how they were enjoying using her body. She gave herself to them completely, taking their cocks as deep into her as possible.

Barnes's cockhead was entering her throat and Cooke's battering her cervix but she just thrashed for more.

Vicki was hit with the most intense orgasm of her life with two cocks spitting cum into her.

It went on all afternoon, sucking and fucking until the two men were exhausted. Cooke finally left with the promise to see the horny blonde again. 

Vicki was home doing some housework when Cooke called on the phone. It had only been three days since he had fucked her brains out at Barnes's apartment.

"Would you go out you dinner with me?" Cooke asked.

Vicki knew Cooke wanted more than dinner when she accepted his invitation.

The kids watched from the window as their mother got into the gunmetal gray Lincoln Town Car. The man holding the door open for her was a baldheaded giant of a man like a villain out of a James Bond movie.

"Where's Mommy going?" her son asked his sister.

"She is going out to pay the bills." answered his savvy sister.

The interior of the Lincoln was more luxurious than Vicki's living room. Plush leather seats, air-conditioning and soothing classical music drifting from the surround sound stereo.

Cooke got behind the wheel and guided the car out into traffic.

Cooke was dressed appropriately for dinner, a well tailored Navy Blue suit with a crisp white shirt and an expensive looking red silk tie.

"I thought we would go to the El Matador." Cooke announced.

Vicki knew the El Matador even though she had never dined there. It was an upscale steak house renowned for their surf and turf.

A valet greeted them at the entrance of the restaurant and took Cooke's car to the parking lot.

All eyes were on the couple as they entered the dining room, the hulk of an older man with the younger blonde on his arm.

Vicki had worn her best dress for the occasion. A strapless black form-hugging sheath with a slit daringly high up the side of the skirt. She had got the dress for the last Christmas party she had attended with her husband years before and amazingly it still fit.

She had purchased some very expensive lingerie to wear under the dress, a pair of sheer black thigh-high stockings, a black garter belt, an eighty-five dollar black push-up bra and a pair of black high-cut bikini panties. She was ready to pay for dinner.

The maitre de sat them at a table in front of the roaring fireplace and Cooke ordered a bottle of a fine chardonnay.

As the wine steward filled their glasses Vicki notice he was staring at her chest. When her finished and left the table Cooke told her that her left nipple had slipped out of her dress. Looking down she saw her teat and the top half of her aureole was exposed. Embarrassed she quickly tucked it back in.

The waiters hovered around the attractive blonde as she ate her lobster hoping to catch a better look down her décolleté dress. 

"Would you like to see my place?" Cooke asked as they finished dinner.

"What about your wife?" Vicki asked.

Cooke informed her that his wife was in Florida with her Snowbird friends and he had the house all to himself with only his domestic there.

It was about a half-hour drive in the comfort of the Lincoln and they were pulling into the laneway to the Cooke estate.

It was a large spread, a huge stone house surrounded by a few out buildings in the center of a few acres of pastureland.

Cooke opened the large Oak door and welcomed Vicki into is dwelling.

Peter, Cooke's domestic helper, greeted them. Cooke explained Peter was his live-in butler, maid, cook, housekeeper and general dog's body.

Peter was a tall lean man who greeted Vicki with a thick German accent.

Cooke requested Peter to prepare them drinks as he showed Vicki into the parlor.

The size of the rustic lining room with a blazing fire in the open hearth impressed the simple mom. It was so much more splendid than the meager living room of her apartment.

Peter returned with their drinks. Surprisingly he had three drinks and was joining them for the evening. Vicki had told her daughter she might not be home until the following morning planning on spending the night thanking Cooke for dinner. She wondered how Peter would enter into her plans?

Peter had some soft background music playing on the sound system

"Why don't you two dance for me?" Cooke suggested.
