 It had been three weeks since I had participated in the "study" to assess the effects of consuming semen on women. Regardless of whether it was a real study or not, the thing that bothered me was that I had so willingly participated because of a need for money, and that I enjoyed it. I don't know if it was because of my fondness for Tiffany and Rachel, or that I had my first sexual experience with a woman, but I kept thinking about whether they would call on me again for a study. I wasn't sure if I would go again, but I kind of wanted to and that bothered me.

I reviewed my video about a week after the study. It took them that long to get it up on the link. When I watched the video I could not believe what I was seeing. It was like there was another women and I didn't know who she was. Sure I had on a wig, but my willingness to take on another guy immediately after the previous one was shocking. I also couldn't believe how much cum the guys were unloading into my mouth and how easily I swallowed it.

And then there was Tiffany. The more I watched her in the video the more turned on I got. She is so cute, and watching her reaction as I licked her was incredible. I watched that video several times and each time I masturbated.

Finally, after checking my email almost hourly for weeks I got another email from the place conducting the studies. The email said that they had another study and that they would like me to participate. The test was on Saturday afternoon again just like last time, and they needed me to get retested for drugs and STDs. As for the description of the study, it just said it was to study the behaviors of bi-curious females and males. I had put in the online application that I was bi-sexual, however I wasn't really. Bi-curious would have been more accurate. So this study was to study my "behavior"? Like last time, it was unclear what this was about.

I clicked on the link in the email and it took me to the website where I was faced with the choice to accept the invitation or decline. I didn't respond right away. I had some thinking to do. I still desperately needed money and this time it didn't say how much money was being paid. I also didn't want to have sex for money, but I wanted to see Tiffany.

I did some chores and came back to my computer several hours later. First I checked my emails and saw that Tiffany had emailed me. In the email she said that she had such a great time the last time I was there and that she was looking forward to seeing me again in this upcoming study. She again would be organizing the event. She also said she would be very disappointed if I wasn't able to make it.

That email was enough to make me click on the Accept button. I wanted to see her too. I wasn't exactly sure what I wanted though. I knew virtually nothing about her. She could have been married for all I knew, or had a girlfriend. I think the main thing was that she brought out thoughts that I never seriously had previously. I wanted to explore those thoughts further which meant I wanted to lick Tiffany's pussy again, and I wanted her to lick me. I replied to Tiffany that I would come on Saturday and see what this was about and then decide, and she replied that she was very excited.

I went to the clinic the next day. Like before, they took blood and urine samples, and a female nurse briefly examined my genitals. They said they would send a copy to my employer which was the study organization. 

Saturday arrived quickly. I was nervous, and like last time I went out the night before and bought a new outfit that consisted of a short-sleeve V-neck hip-hugging black mini-dress that showed a lot of cleavage.

I arrived at the same warehouse as last time. The waiting room was still boring and undecorated. I went to the window to check in and the same lady as my last visit asked for my name and the printout from the email. Once identified in the computer, she gave me a clipboard with a set of forms to read and sign.

I took a chair to the left of the door. Like before there were several women that looked like prostitutes. I realized I was dressed more provocatively this time, but compared to some of the other women, I looked like I was going to church! I also noticed a few men this time. The women ranged from their early twenties like me to probably mid-thirties. The men seemed to be mostly around thirty or early thirties. 

The first form had details about my age and other identification and I was to update it if required. The next form was a privacy notice saying that my identity would not be shared without my written consent. And the final form described the study in general terms. 

The study was about testing the behaviors of bi-curious men and women. The test required the candidates to allow bi-curious test subjects to experiment sexually with a man and/or a woman until they were satisfied. As a candidate I would be allowed to discontinue my participation at any time. Compensation would be determined by the amount of contact with the test subjects and would be paid today in cash upon completion of the test. There will be pictures and video for this study.

I looked at the form and read it again. I wasn't clear what it meant by experimenting sexually until they were satisfied. Also it said there was video and pictures, so I didn't have a choice this time? There was no way I was going to allow this to happen if someone else could get the pictures and video. Something didn't add up.

I looked at the form again. It said $200 was the minimum if the candidate fully participated, and it went up from there based on additional tests. The form said more information about the test would be provided inside. I could reject the test right now and walk out with nothing. Just like last time, the only way to know for sure what was expected of me was to sign the form and then go talk with Rachel or whomever they had this time. The form said I could still decline after I found out more information, and signing this form was only to indicate that I knew what the study was about.

I took the form to the receptionist and then went back to my seat. I knew from the last time that she would not provide me any additional information.

I waited anxiously. I was excited to see Tiffany, but I was still nervous about what they wanted in the study. A few minutes later a woman walked through a door and called my name. "Sara?"

I stood up and the woman welcomed me and asked me to follow her through the door. Inside it was like a big warehouse with partitioned rooms. I was brought to the same carpeted room as last time with a love seat, coffee table, and two facing chairs. There were prints on the walls and generally it was a nicely decorated room. "Have a seat anywhere, Sara. Someone will be in shortly. Would you like some water?"

"No thanks," I said.

I sat on the love seat and waited nervously. There were a few magazines on the table and I picked up the same Cosmo as last time and flipped through the pages erratically. A few minutes later Rachel walked in. She had a big smile on her face and I immediately felt relieved to see her. I stood up and she gave me a hug before sitting down in one of the facing chairs.

Rachel was dressed wearing a tight-fitting white tank top with a deep V-neck and an olive green mini skirt. She also had on strappy black high heels. Her brown hair was tied up behind her head in a bun, and she had on a nice bracelet and matching chain necklace that looked nice across her cleavage. The other thing that was immediately noticeable to me was that she was clearly braless as I could see her poking nipples through the fabric of her tank top.

"How are you, Sara? I'm so glad to see you come back!

"I'm good!" I said barely able to contain my happiness. "I'm looking forward to finding out what this is about."

"Great! I wasn't sure if we scared you the last time," she said laughing. "That was quite an event!"

"Well I was a bit traumatized by it afterward because of all of the feelings I experienced. Being with that many men and being with a woman kind of blew me away. I didn't know what to think of myself. But now I've started to accept it. I just have to figure out what this means for me going forward."

"Frankly speaking, it was the same for me. I certainly didn't expect to be doing that either, nor did I expect to take a job here later. But I realized I had fun, and how many people get to have fun while working?"

"For me I don't think this is a job, and maybe this will be my last time. I don't know."

"Let's see what happens, shall we? Did you watch your video?"

"Yes, I watched it."

"What did you think? I remember watching my first video and I couldn't believe that was me."

"Same here! I was shocked at first."

Rachel smiled. "I ended up watching my video several times actually," Rachel said. "I thought it was hot. How about you?"

"I watched it a few times," I said. I didn't want to tell her that I probably watched it fifteen times. "I think it was hot, but I still can't believe I did that."

"I think you enjoyed it. Tiffany and I certainly enjoyed taking the video, and the guys said afterward you were incredible. I know Tiffany especially enjoyed working with you. What did you think about your experience with her?"

"Um...it was hot." I couldn't hold back my smile. "I mean, I really enjoyed getting a chance to...you know." I was embarrassed to say what I did.

"Eat her pussy," Rachel said smiling.

"Um, yeah," I said sheepishly.

"What would you say about eating more pussy today?" Rachel asked.

"Tiffany?"

"No, however Tiffany will be there so who knows what will happen with that girl." Rachel laughed. "It wasn't planned last time that you would be eating her pussy, but it happened."

"Then who?" I asked.

"Let me tell you about the study today. This is a study to see what bi-curious people will do when presented with the option of having sex with either a man or a woman. Both options will exist and the person has to choose. In this case you are one of the people the bi-curious testers can choose from. You are the woman, and there will be a man also. Both you and the man are bisexual."

"So how does that work?" I asked. I wasn't sure I was bisexual but my actions last time certainly reinforced that I said I was bisexual on the application.

"Okay, both you and the man will be in the room together. Each of you will be on your own separate padded table. It's going to be kind of like a master and slave scenario where you and the man are the slaves. Both of you will be tied to the table although you can probably get free with a little work. Tiffany and I will be in the room filming so we can set you free at any moment if you become uncomfortable. Both you and the man will wear a bondage mask to cover your face, so the video and photos will not show your identity. Then the testers will come into the room one at a time and choose what to do with either or both of you."

"Whoa, I don't understand. What will they do to us, and who will they choose?"

"For this test, the testers will have to decide which person to interact with. The person will identify as being straight but curious about their same sex. So they may choose the safe option and go with the opposite sex, or try the same sex. They could try both also."

"What do you mean by try the same sex or opposite? Have sex with us?"

"Yes. But they aren't obligated. They can choose to do nothing, simply look at you, touch you, or have some sort of sexual contact with you. They will not harm you. The main rule we have for you and the man next to you is that neither of you speak during the proceeding unless you are commanded to do so. And we ask that you participate in any way the tester wants. If you don't want to participate, just say so and we will stop the test and replace you."

"Wow. So the tester could be a man or a woman?"

"Yes, we will alternate between men and women."

"And we have to do whatever they want, but we are tied up at the same time?"

"Yes," Rachel responded. "As I said before, they could touch you anywhere, kiss you anywhere, or place their body in a position for you to lick, kiss, or suck them. They can also fuck you, with a condom of course or with a strap on. They know this is being filmed and they know they need to make it seem like a real master and slave video to make it interesting so they may call you slave or command you to do something. But don't worry, this is light bondage and they are instructed not to hurt you in any way. This is not about pain."

I was blown away hearing this. "Wow. Do we get to choose the testers?"

"Not this time, but all of them are attractive in my opinion."

"How many testers will there be, and what would I be paid?"

"I think we have four of each sex. Payment is calculated based on what they do. You get $50 if they perform oral sex on you, $150 if you perform oral sex on them, and $200 if they fuck you. As I said, the women could use a strap on but it pays the same. They also can choose vaginal or anal intercourse if they wish. So what do you say? Do you want to give it a try?"

I thought for a few seconds trying to remember all of what Rachel said. I looked into her eyes and she was smiling back at me in anticipation of my answer being yes. "Um, yes I guess so," I said.

"Great!" Rachel said. "Please sign the forms saying that you agree to the study and that you agree to video and pictures, and then let's go to the dressing room. Tiffany will get you set up." I signed the form and noticed my hand was shaking. What did I just commit to?

I followed Rachel to a dressing room where Tiffany was waiting. She enthusiastically said, "Hi!" and stepped forward to give me a hug and quick peck on the lips. "How have you been?" she asked as she stood back and looked me over. "Wow, that's an amazing dress!"

"I'll leave you two to get ready and see you in the testing room," Rachel said. Rachel stepped out and closed the door.

"Thanks," I said. "I've been good. How about you?"

"Very busy, but I still can't get your visit out of my mind. That was an amazing session."

"Yeah, it was amazing." I was thinking of what we did as I checked out how cute Tiffany looked. She was wearing a white short-sleeve crop-top slim-fit t-shirt that fit snuggly against her c-cup breasts and exposed her bare belly. She was obviously braless as the thin slightly see-through fabric wasn't able to hide her hard nipples beneath. The bottom of her top was two or three inches above her belly button which had a nice silver sparkly belly button ring. She also had on really skimpy cutoff jean shorts and sexy brown high-heel sandals with a thin strap at the base of her toes and a couple other straps around her ankle. She had a really nice tan that made her skin really stand out against the white top.

"I'm so glad that you enjoyed it," Tiffany continued. "Today is going to be really fun and I cannot wait to get started."

"Rachel said you would be in the room again," I said. "Are you going to take video with the small camera up close like last time?" I was trying to figure out if she would be near me during the session.

"That's right. I'll be with you the whole time and up close to get the good shots," Tiffany said smiling with a slight chuckle. "Let's see what we have for slave masks. You won't need an outfit today since you will be naked except for the mask."

"I'll be naked? Rachel didn't say that."

"It's easier that way. We don't want to dress you after they undress you. We also don't want the guys making a mess of your outfit since we may need to clean you off between testers."

"Clean me off?" The part about the clothes was making sense, however this last part was worrying.

"You know, in case the guy cums on you."

"Oh, okay." I hadn't really thought about this completely. It wasn't as structured as it was last time.

Tiffany stepped over to the dressing table and picked up a mask. "Let's try this one", she said as she turned and handed it to me. "There is a hole in the back to put your hair through. I recommend you tie it up in a pony. Go ahead and try it on."

She handed me a hair tie and I made a pony tail. I then looked at the mask. It was black leather with sort of big tear-drop eye openings that angled up an outward to a point. Covering the eye openings was black lace fabric that was see-through except for the winding pattern in the lace. The mask seemed to expose the lower part of the face and come across the nose, and at the top and sides were lace ears sort of like a cat. Otherwise it was solid black leather all around.

I put on the mask by pulling my hair through the opening in the back and then pulled it down snuggly on my face. I could see clearly enough through the eye openings and my nostrils were exposed. The mask came to the tip of my nose and then cut across my mid-face and around mid-way across my ears. I looked at Tiffany and then into the mirror. 

"Wow that looks really sexy!" Tiffany said.

I looked in the mirror more closely and thought it looked mysterious. I couldn't tell it was me and I guess that was the point. It did look sort of sexy. "Yeah I guess so," I said.

"Okay, the next step is for you to undress and put on the robe I laid out on the chair. I'll come back in about ten minutes, so please freshen up if you need to and take your time."

"Okay," I said as she turned to leave the room. She shut the door and I turned back toward the mirror. She said naked so I guess that meant no panties this time, not that the open-crotch thong from last time really hid anything.

I reached behind me and unzipped my dress and then pushed it down to my feet. I hadn't worn a bra. I looked in the big wall mirror and a strange looking woman wearing a mask was looking back at me with just black panties and heels on. I stepped closer to have a better look and realized I needed to touch up my lipstick. I then pushed my panties down to my feet and stepped out of them. My pussy was shaved and I could tell I was already a little aroused.

After using the restroom to freshen up I went back to the mirror and applied dark lipstick. That looked better. As I thought about removing the mask to touch up my eye makeup Tiffany walked into the room. I turned to face her and realized I hadn't put on the robe yet.

"Ooh, you look amazing!" she said. She stood in front of me smiling and I caught her gaze move from my face to my tits and then my pussy and feet. I smiled. "I'm not sure the guy is going to get any attention today!" she said laughing. "What do you think?"

"I guess it is okay. I can't tell who I am and I guess that is important for the video. Why are we taking video?"

"So that the testers can have it if they want. You will have access to it too, but you won't be able to market it since the tester's faces won't be hidden. If the testers want to market the video you will be notified and you will receive compensation."

"Okay, that makes sense," I said.

"Your makeup looks nice. Are you ready to get started?"

"I guess so."

"Okay, put the robe on. You can leave your heels on if you want, but you will need to take them off once we get to the room. It's a shame because you look so sexy in them!"

"Thanks," I said blushing. I picked up the robe and put it on. It was a delicate black satin fabric that had a tie around the waist and barely covered my bottom. I looked in the mirror and twisted my body a couple times to see if it was on straight and noticed my nipples poking at the fabric. I then turned to face Tiffany and the door behind her.

Tiffany approached me and said, "That looks amazing." She reached for my waist and tugged slightly on the edges of the opening to straighten it and then placed her hands on my hips as she looked into my eyes. "You are going to be incredible today," she said.
