 The next chapter in the "Accidental" series. For those who've been asking, it's Accidental ThreesomeAccidental BisexualAccidental RapistAccidental Sloppy Seconds(then this one) but they can be enjoyed in any order, I think!

*****

"So what does it feel like?" my wife asked. Her left eyebrow raised in a coy come-on.

"It's... smooth. Slippery," I said. "Like, wetter than lube, but also kind of thick feeling."

"Thick?" she asked again.

"It's hard to describe," I said.

"Apparently," she jabbed. She chuckled and her bare breasts jiggled. "I get pretty wet. Is it wetter than that?"

"I guess," I stammered. "It's ... maybe it's all in my head."

"That's what he said!" she exclaimed. She laughed at her own joke and her tits undulated wildly. I was completely distracted at that point.

"What's it feel like to you then?" I retorted.

"Not that different, really," she said. "Just easy, like I'm super ready without even being turned on. But then when you're in there I get turned on again so quick anyway it doesn't make much difference."

Her left hand drifted down toward her matted wet trimmed pubic region. I watched with rapt interest as her middle finger dredged a wad of semen from her slit. It hung from her finger as she lazily brought it to her mouth and stuck it between her lips. She winked at me as she deep-throated her own finger and cleaned off Mike's and my combined juices.

"It's hot," she continued. "It feels naughty. But at the same time it feels like you're taking me back from him." She sucked at her middle finger again. "Whenever I feel his jizz run out while you're fucking me, it's like everyone has to know I'm yours again."

"Everyone?" I asked coyly. My cock twitched, coming back to life after only ten minutes of rest.

"Anyone who's paying attention," she corrected.

"And who would that be?" I asked. "I don't see anyone else here. Who is it that knows you belong to me again?"

"Me," she said. "I know." She doubled over and wrapped her lips around my hardening cock.

We'd been "playing" with Mike for over a year. We'd both explored a lot: she recapturing a safer version of her promiscuous college years and me discovering a bisexual side I didn't know existed. For the past few weeks, though, we'd taken our relationship with Mike to new ground. She'd been taking him to our bed without me - something brand new since we'd always shared him. I'd had no idea how erotic and alluring it would be to me to follow where he'd been - to eat her and fuck her with his jizz inside her.

Maybe part of it was the idea of she and I sharing his juices. He'd come in my mouth plenty of times, and I liked tasting him when I went down on her. But burying my cock in her when she was still full of his semen was another level. It was warm, and wet, and wrong. Feeling his jizz drip down my balls as I fucked her was ... well it's just the best.

Mike and I had given my wife the old "spit roast" a couple of times, and had pretty much every other variation of MFM play possible. So far, though, I'd only ever enjoyed his sloppy seconds after he was gone, and usually after they were together alone. I'm not sure why, except that when we were all three in a bed the act of his orgasm usually triggered hers, and when she comes it always triggers mine, whatever hole I happen to be in. Then I'm always too far gone to recover and enjoy her used pussy. 

That needed to change. I can't completely explain why it was important to me to enter her as soon as his wet cock slid out. I always tried to watch him pull out. Sometimes I cleaned her up. Sometimes I cleaned them both up. Mike and I had even 69'd once after he finished inside her and I spilled in her hand. For some reason putting my cock inside her while his cum was still hot - and while he was watching - made me wild with desire.

"Oh, God," I breathed as she swallowed my cum down. "I didn't think I had any more."

"Oh you had plenty," she said with a smile. She licked her lips.

"Next time he's over, I'm going to wait until he's done then fill you up," I said.

"You think you can?" she asked.

"Sure I can," I boasted. "I just usually ... choose not to."

"Okay," she said. "I like the idea of you fucking his jizz out of me while I suck his soft cock back to hard."

"I like that idea too," I said.

"Friday?" she asked.

"Friday." I affirmed.

"I'll just be over here," I told Mike. "I'm going to come do her after you're finished tonight."

"Ha, ha, okay," he said. His expression was curious and guarded.

"But you need to stay," I said.

"I'm not going anywhere," he said.

My wife was in a red teddy that was already unsnapped at the crotch. She was lying on her back on our bed with a blindfold on. It was our oldest setup, although we didn't try to maintain the pretense of her not knowing who was going to fuck her any more. Even though we were very similar in both build and genitals, after a year she could easily tell us apart.

Mike didn't waste any time. He strode to our bed, flopped down, and buried his face in my wife's open crotch. She responded immediately, running her fingers through his hair and raising her hips to meet his open mouth with her pubic mound. A long low moan escaped her lips.

As Mike bent over in his ministrations I had a very good view of his shaved cock and balls. He was rapidly getting hard. I reached down and gripped his heavy balls with one hand, grasping his hardening shaft with the other.

He moaned into my wife's open cunt as I stroked him. She responded to the vibrations of his voice by panting even louder. I stroked Mike's cock while squeezing his balls gently until she came loudly, grinding on his face. I released my grip on him as he scrambled up between her legs and pinned her thighs up beside her still-shaking tits. She was completely open and ready for him and he wasted no time entering her wet, relaxed pussy.

I watched his balls bounce off her ass as he slammed his cock home. I was stroking my own dick slowly as he found his rhythm. He was still holding her behind her knees, bending her almost double.

Suddenly, with a display of strength that caught both me and Mike off guard, she heaved him off and to one side. She flipped over on top of him, her blindfold hanging raggedly around her neck. She plopped her pussy down near his navel, straddling him, then arched her back, bent over, and slid down his torso. Her nipples dragged through his chest hair. She raised her hips slightly as she moved and expertly bullseyed his cock back into her in one unbroken thrust. She flipped her hair back and began to grind on him.

Mike reached down and spread her ass apart. I briefly considered what it would be like to make this our first anal sex experience, but she'd expressly forbid it early on in our courtship. "You'd kill me with that thing," she'd said. She knew how to flatter a guy.

I put that fantasy aside and bent down to put my face between her ass cheeks. I tongued her asshole as she rode him. Her moans returned as she fell into a slow steady rhythm. We stayed like that for a few minutes, her working her way back up the mountain, Mike hovering and holding, and my poor untouched cock leaking precum all over the comforter. 

Finally I strayed down from her asshole to where their sexes joined. I flicked out my tongue and licked Mike's shaft as she thrust down on him. He grunted, and I continued down, opened my mouth as wide as I could and took his heavy shaved testicle into my mouth. I sucked lightly, then harder as her asshole ground against the bridge of my nose. I felt his scrotum tense. Mike yelled out involuntarily as I sucked him in harder and I felt his cock begin to pulse. She never changed her rhythm, and as he ejaculated his seed into her literally right before my eyes, a long slow orgasm enveloped her and she began to quiver.

I popped Mike's ball out of my mouth and didn't let either of them relax into the euphoria of their orgasms. I was about to jizz on the next object, human or not, that brushed against my aching cock. I raised up and grabbed her ass in my hands and pushed her forward off of him. He spurted another thick rope onto her shaved lips and I swear I nearly had my first air-gapped orgasm.

"Don't move, either of you!" I said, scrambling up to straddle Mike's thighs so I could get in position.

I lowered myself into her, pushing past the fresh jizz he'd just left on her labia, plunging into the sticky slippery mess he'd made inside my wife. She moaned again and pushed back, getting her hips back over her knees. She was coming down off her peak but obviously still enjoying being filled up. 

She slid down Mike as she had before, pushing into me and burying my cock deep inside her. I felt Mike's cock brush my balls and felt my orgasm start to build. Then her pussy clenched me tighter than I'd ever felt. I thought she'd started coming again but it didn't pulse like when she was spasming in orgasm. It just squeezed. I felt a slippery stiffness slide the length of my cock and I realized we were both inside her. My cock was mashed against Mike's, trapped in her cum-filled pussy.

"AaaaaOOOH my GOD!" she screamed. Then she did start an orgasm. And so did Mike. And so did I. We were locked together, motionless except for our pulsing sexes, lubricating our triple union with our combined juices. It was beautiful.

I made sure Mike pulled out first. Then I withdrew almost all the way, until just the edge of my corona was peeking from between her red lips. Then I slammed my still-hard cock back into her with all my might. Semen splashed out from her used pussy in all directions, on my chest, her ass, and Mike's cock and balls. I slapped her ass once and she squealed.

"Mine!" I said.