 This story contains group sex: male to female, female to female, and some male to male. If this bothers you, you may want to move on to another writer's story. PLEASE don't just read the story, enjoy it, and give it a good rating. Writers spend a lot of time writing stories, and yet on Literotica, I am averaging only one person who rates the story out of about 120-150 people who read it. So, don't be selfish and just read the stories. Let the writers know your satisfaction by a good rating. Thanks! Enjoy!

*****

I had a lot of very sexy experiences years ago when I dated a gal that had an incredible body, and was extremely open minded in sex. She was thin, had an incredible ass, and had a lot more than a handful size tits. They sagged a little, and had beautiful brown nipples. We did all kinds of fun sexual things. 

One thing we did was every time we drove 30 minutes or more in the car, we played around with each other. She would start by rubbing my cock on top of my jeans, then unzip them and pull them down to my thighs as she continued to rub me. Eventually, she pulled down my undies and stroked me. Not long after that she was giving me a wonderful blowjob. It was very, very hot.

Many times she would start taking her clothes off in the car. She would lay the seat down (and back) so that she could not be seen by other vehicles. Then she would take off her bra and top. I would rub on her tits as I drove down the road. Eventually, she would slide down her jeans and thong underwear to her knees and I would rub her pussy, too. She would just lay back and enjoy me playing with her. After about an hour of this, most of the time we would find a secluded place off the main road to pull over. We would then strip naked and fuck in the car. 

We did many FFM 3somes. She always picked the other woman herself. She would tell them the rules before we got together. The only rules were 1. He is my man, so don't forget it. 2. When he is ready to cum, his cum goes inside of me only. Beyond that, everything was open. 

Every experience was good, but surprisingly, not as hot as I thought a 3 some would be. In my opinion, one sensual, talented, opened minded, adventurous gal can satisfy a guy about as much as what 2 gals can do, most of the time. (not always)

I would say the car experiences were my favorite with her, until later on we found out about a strip bar in Illinois that was an unbelievably hot place. We had heard about it from some other people, and we decided to make the 3 hr drive there to see what it was like.

We arrived at the bar around 9 pm. We were amazed that it had 3 stages. It had the regular female stripper stage. Then it had a male stripper stage. And, the hottest part was the sex stage for couples only. 

We sat down at a table where we could watch the couples stage. This was a stage consisting of people from the audience. They were not hired from the bar. The only people allowed on that stage were male/female couples, and you could do most anything you wanted to do, sexually. No singles were allowed on it. The only rule was that you had to ask to play with other people on the stage. If you were rude in any way, you would be kicked off the stage. There was a bouncer on the stage that was watching to ensure there were no problems.

As my girlfriend and I sat at our table and watched people having sex with each other, we were both getting extremely excited. We could not believe a strip bar allowed people to fuck each other in front of everyone in the bar. It was so hot to watch. 

There were approximately 15 couples on that stage, and it was fairly crowded. Each couple was about 3-4 feet from other couples. 

We noticed that when the couples first got on the stage they would dance together, and play with each other as a couple. They would rub on each other, maybe even start stripping each other. Then, usually, within about 5-10 minutes, someone was asking them if they could play with them. The next thing you saw is they started undressing each other even more, as they were licking, sucking, and then fucking. 

It wasn't just male/female playing, either. There were women playing with women, and even a few guys sucking each other. Again, you had to be a male/female couple to get on the stage, but once you got on the stage, who you had sex with, and what you did, was up to all who were involved. 

As my girlfriend and I watched, we would look at each other's expressions. We could tell that we were both very turned on. She reached under the table and started rubbing my hard cock on top of my jeans. After we had watched for about 15 minutes, she whispered to me "You want to go up there?"

I said "Yes, I do. Are you okay with us playing with others?"

She said "Yes, I am."

I said "You won't get jealous?"

She said "Nope, as long as both of us get to have fun and neither of us is left out."

I said "Well, what I see on the stage is that no one is getting left out." Then I asked "Would you let a woman play with you?"

She said "I am so turned on right now, yes I would." Then she asked "You and I have fantasized and role played all kinds of stuff at home. Would you let a guy suck you, and you suck him?"

I said "I am like you, in that I am so turned on I would definitely do that."

She said "Mmmmm, I want to see that."

Barb and I had role played many times using dildos, and even a sex toy that was the size of a man's hips. With that sex toy, it had a hard 7 inch dildo sticking up, along with an asshole. We also had pussy sex toys. So, we had fantasized about many different scenarios including me sucking a dildo, her fucking another guy, her licking a pussy, me fucking another gal, etc. All of the role playing fantasies had been very hot. We would even read penthouse letters and fantasize what we read.

I said "There is a really good looking couple in their upper 30's dancing by themselves to the left. Do you see them?"

"Yes I do," she said. Then she asked "You want to see if they will play with us?"

I said "Yes. I want to see you give him a hot blowjob and see if he will fuck you. I would love to see his cock in your pussy."

She said "He is hot. I would definitely do that. If he goes for it, feel free to do whatever you want to with her."

I said "That would be hot."

She said "But, before we are done, I want to see you suck a cock. We have role played that at home a lot and it turns me on."

I said "Whatever you want, hun. Let's go see what happens."

She said "Sounds good to me," as she grabbed my hand and led me to do the dance floor.

We started dancing with each other near the cute couple. The woman was dressed in a tight fitting dress made out of the kind of material that clings to every curve of a woman's body. I could tell that she did not have a bra on because you could see her nipples pointing through the thin material. Plus, the dress material formed around her tits. He had on dress pants, and a nice dress shirt. The couple looked slightly nervous to be on the stage. My guess was this was the first time they had ever done this. It gave me the impression that they both agreed to get on stage and just see what happens. (like us)

After just a couple of minutes, my girlfriend started talking to her. I could not hear all they were talking about, but he was close enough that he was hearing it. They kept shaking their heads yes to everything she was saying. She must have told them that she needed to talk to me, because as she turned toward me, they were now talking to one another. My girlfriend said to me "They will do it all, everything we have fantasized about."

I said "Wow, you are kidding me."

She said "Nope. They are just like us. They have role played it all in bed. This is their first time here, and they were hoping to meet someone they liked."

I said "Gosh, I can't believe that. I thought they might be willing to play, but not guy to guy, and I really doubted she would do girl to girl. They just don't seem like that kind of couple."

She was smiling, then said "Well, they said they have role played it many times. He said he wasn't sure about guy on guy, but we would see how excited everyone gets. He said that if you want to suck him, that that would be fine. He admitted he has role played more than that, including sucking a dildo, pretending it was another guy, and even roleplayed fucking a guy." Then she said "So, we won't know what all happens with the guy to guy stuff, except you can suck him. Both him and her want to see that. She definitely wants to do girl to girl stuff. So, you ready?"

I said "Yea!" 

She said "They want to start by you dancing with her, and me with him. As we pair off, they want both couples to start with kissing, and rubbing all over each other's bodies as we dance. Then we can lead into stripping each other slowly. Then each couple does oral with each other, and see where things go from there. If thing continue to be hot, then we eventually switch where her and I play with each other while you two watch us. Then if you want to suck him at that point, he is willing to let you do that." 

My girlfriend went on to say "They are open to it all. He even said if things go well, he might be willing to suck you and maybe even fuck your ass for you." Then she went on to say "He does want his cock in my pussy. He asked for my ass, but I told him I have never done that. His wife said that she would have to see how things go with you and her, as to whether you can put your cock in her pussy. She is on the pill, so if you cum in her that is fine. I know we never did that with other 3somes before. But, I don't mind this time if you want to, as long as you let him cum in my pussy." 

She found out a lot in that short 5 minute conversation. They were both in excellent shape, good looking, and had a professional, business look to them. I just did not see them as open to any woman on woman stuff, and any guy on guy stuff. But, then again, Barb and I did not seem like that kind of couple, either. 

Actually, as I looked her over, I was looking more forward to playing with her, than him. The guy to guy thing was just something I was curious to try someday. But, she was very good looking, and I felt it would be fun to strip her and play with her. 

We walked back over to the couple and introduced ourselves by our first names only. Their names were Jeff and Lisa. We gave them our names, Mike and Barb. We found out that they lived about 2 hours from us, and had heard about this bar from other people, just like we had. 

My girlfriend, Barb, had on a dress made out of a similar material as Lisa's dress. She had thong panties on underneath, with thigh high stockings, and heels. She had taken off her bra, like the other woman, when we pulled into the parking lot at the bar. I was dressed in jeans, no undies, and a button up shirt with no t- shirt. 

We had both dressed the way we did so that if we got on stage, it would be easy to play around. With her dress, we knew that the top could be slid down off of her tits, and the bottom of the dress lifted up, and then her panties could be pushed down to make for easy access to her body. For me, by having no underwear, my jeans could easily be slid down without having to fumble with underwear. Plus, my shirt unbuttoned and could be left open, if need be.

I started dancing with the other girl as my girlfriend started dancing with the guy. We both started kissing, then rubbing all over each other's bodes in a sensual way as we continued our kissing. We would look over at our partners while we enjoyed playing with each other. I have to admit that playing with this good looking gal was very hot for me. I loved her looks, and I also loved her thin body, and cute little tits.

As I reached one hand around her and felt around on her ass on top of her dress I could feel her thong panties underneath. So, I had one hand on her ass, and my other hand was feeling her tits. She didn't have big tits like my girlfriend, but they were a nice enough size, which was almost a handful. She had one hand on top of my jeans rubbing my cock, with her other hand rubbing my face in a very sensual manner as we continued kissing each other.

I looked over at my girlfriend and she was just as much "into him" as I was into her. She had both of her hands rubbing on his cock on the outside of his dress pants. They were also french kissing each other. 

A few minutes later, when I looked over at them, he had pulled down the top of her dress and was playing with her now exposed big tits. She had his pants unzipped, and both of her hands inside on top of his undies. I could see that she had one hand on his balls and the palm and fingers of her other hand rubbing up and down his cock. I was getting as much turned on watching them, as I was playing with his girlfriend. 

I looked back at the girl I was playing with, and realized she too, was getting turned on watching them.

I said "Want to just rub on each other while we watch them play for awhile?"

She said "Yessss. I would love that."

I said to my girlfriend, "Thats it, babe, keep going. We both love watching you guys."

She got a big smile on her face as she went to her knees. As she did so, she pushed his pants down to the floor, then slid down his undies to his thighs. She put one hand under his balls and started slowly massaging them, and then used her other hand to hold the base of his cock. She was looking at his cock like it was a treasure she had found. She then looked over at us, and opened her mouth wide. As she did this, his girlfriend spoke up and said "That's it, suck his cock for me. He needs his cock sucked by your hot little mouth. Make him feel really good for me. I want to watch you give him a wonderful blowjob."

My girlfriend smiled as I could tell she was enjoying the attention that we were giving her. She then looked up and him, made eye contact, and slowly took his cock in her mouth. As she was giving him a very sensual blowjob, the gal went to her knees in front of me, and slid down the top portion of her dress exposing her cute little titties. She then unbuttoned my jeans, unzipped them, and slid them down to the floor. Then she had me step out of the jeans, as she pushed them to the side.

Both Jeff and I were standing side by side as the women were kneeling side by side, and giving us blowjobs. I totally enjoyed watching my girlfriend blow this guy. He was such a good looking, kind natured, professional acting, guy that I honestly could have sat down and just watched her play with him. Barb and I had done several 3 somes and one 4 some, but nothing we had done turned me on as much as watching her play with this guy. Lisa was sucking my dick, but she too, was heavily involved in watching them. I was glad that both of us had that same interest in watching Jeff and Barb, because if that was not the case, either of us might have felt neglected. 

I reached down and pulled Lisa up close to me. I whispered into her ear "We are both having fun watching them play. Let me rub on your cute tits, and you stroke me, while we watch them." Then I asked her "If it leads to me putting my cock in you, would that be okay?" 

She said "Sounds good to me. They are turning me on."

Barb was giving Jeff a very good blowjob. She was sucking him in a very sensual manner as if she was totally loving what she was doing. She was also massaging his balls while she sucked him. After another 5 minutes of this, she stood up, and said to him "I want your cock in my pussy."

I thought I was going to cum right then when she said that. It sounded so sexy.

He said to her "Not before I eat your pussy."

He then got on his knees, lifted up her dress, pulled down her thong panties, and started licking her pussy. Barb had her legs spread, her head tilted back, and her eyes closed as she enjoyed his tongue licking her. 

I pulled down Lisa's dress so that it just slid off of her body, and fell to the floor. Then I grabbed her thong panties and slid them down her legs and off of her. She was now standing naked in front of me. She had an awesome body. I had always wanted to fuck a woman who was thin and in shape like her. 

I reached down with one of my hands and started rubbing her pussy. Instantly, I realized she was very wet. She then grabbed my cock, spread her legs some, and pushed my cock into her pussy. Then she unbuttoned my shirt, opened it up, and snuggled her tits up to my chest. I bent my legs a little because she was shorter than me, then I slowly started moving my hips back and forth causing my cock to slide in and out of her. Her pussy was tight, but also very slick from her precum. She was actually tighter than Barb. 

We looked over at Jeff and Barb and he had stripped Barb naked, too. Her dress was on the floor, along with her thong panties. She was in the process of stripping him naked. Barb was as turned on as I have ever seen her. Once he was naked, she grabbed his cock, spread her legs, and shoved it in her pussy. He moaned as it slid inside. He had both of his hands on her tits. 

I am sure Jeff felt privileged to be able to play with big tits because Lisa's tits were not that big. So, as Jeff fucked Barb's pussy, he played with her tits, too. After about 5 minutes of this Barb said to him "Lay down on the floor."

He pulled his cock out of her pussy, and laid down. She then sat down on his cock. As it slid into her, she leaned forward and gave him a face full of her tits. Then she started rocking back and forth on his cock. He rubbed and massaged her tits and also would occasionally suck on them. 

As Jeff played with Barb's tits, she now started alternating what she did with her hips as she rode his cock. She would move her hips in circles, then moved forward and back. She was making sure that she could feel his cock very well, plus making sure he could feel her pussy real well. It was so hot to watch. 

This is my favorite sex position with Barb. I like her on top and riding me, with her tits hanging down.

I'm sure every guy has his favorite position, but this one was mine. We fucked that way about 90% of the time. Barb loved to try new positions a lot, but before we orgasmed, we seemed to settle on this position most of the time. 

After 5 minutes of them fucking, Barb had an orgasm. The thing about Barb is that you clearly know when she is about to have one because she will stiffen up, hold still, "mmmmmm" comes from her mouth, and then you see her start shaking. 

Barb is the only girl I have ever dated that only has an orgasm when she is riding a cock. Other gals I have dated have them when you lick their pussy, finger fuck them, or use a vibrator on them. But, Barb could only cum this way. 

Jeff acted totally surprised when she had her first orgasm. She leaned down to him and said "Thank you. That felt wonderful. Let me ride you some more and have another one, okay?"

He said "Go for it, Hun."

He laid there playing with her tits as she rocked her hips on his cock. It wasn't long until she had her 2nd orgasm, and then a few minutes later, had another orgasm. 

Keep in mind that the 4 of us were having so much fun, we were somewhat oblivious to the rest of the 25-30 people who were fucking on stage all around us. I guess if I had been bored I would have paid more attention to them, but everything we were doing was hot enough that I didn't really care about anyone else.

After Barb's 3rd orgasm, she slid off of his cock, stood up, and grabbed Jeff's hand to help pull him to his feet. Jeff said to Barb "Play with Lisa. Eat her pussy and rub all over her body."

Lisa got a large smile on her face. I could tell that this was her 2nd wish of the evening. She had just seen her first wish with Barb and Jeff playing with each other. 

Barb moved over to her, and the two snuggled up together and started sliding against each other's bodies as they danced together. It was very hot to watch as they rubbed their tits and pussies all over each other.
