 I've lived in New York, specifically Queens, for about 3 years. New York is an incredible city and I'm thrilled that I made the decision to move here right after I completed high school. It was a risky move because I didn't have the grades or the support from family to go to college, but I had a good friend, Jessica, who was moving here to go to college and I came along with her.

We are from a small town in Iowa. Both of us had conservative upbringings, and neither of us saw the kind of future we wanted being fulfilled at home. Jessica's parents embraced her chance to branch out and see the world, and of course furthering her education. My parents on the other hand scorned me for leaving home and not staying to marry my high school boyfriend who was destined to be a farmer. Of course there is nothing wrong with being a farmer, but it just wasn't the life for me and I didn't see myself marrying my boyfriend in the future regardless of his vocation.

At 18 years of age I had a choice to make. Forever live in a small town, or take a chance to live a different life away from home. I chose the latter when the opportunity arose, and Jessica's parents were grateful that someone she knew would be living with her in New York.

We found an apartment in Queens that was insanely expensive compared to prices at home, but this was New York and it was supposedly a fairly good deal. The neighborhood was typical for Queens with brick row houses and seemed safe. The neighbors seemed nice as well. On each side of us were older couples without children and they always seemed to look after us. There was also a family below us that was nice.

To help with the rent we found another roommate. Her name was Candice, and she was also a college student at a different school than Jessica. Both Jessica and Candice were being supported from home to pay their share of the rent. Since I wasn't a student and had no support from home, I found a couple jobs that, together, ensured I had enough money to pay my share. I was happy with that, and after a year I even started taking courses at a community college so that I could get some credits and eventually move to a four-year school, hopefully with a scholarship.

Everything was great for my first year and a half in New York. I worked a lot of hours and also did well in school. Though financially it was a struggle, I always had just enough to get by. 

In the second year of her school, Jessica met a guy that she really fell for. He was going to the same school and in the same program as Jessica. In the spring of that year he decided he was going to transfer to another school for his third and final years. The other school was in Boston which had a top program for their degree. Boston and New York are not that far from each other, however far enough that Jessica was very afraid of losing her boyfriend. She thought they would eventually marry if they stayed together, but being separated would put that at risk. So she also applied to the school in Boston and was able to transfer her scholarship there.

I felt good for Jessica in having found her boyfriend. He was a great guy and I did see the possibility of the long-term relationship. However it meant I needed to find another roommate to replace Jessica, and my best friend would no longer be here. I wasn't going to move to Boston so I had to make it work without her.

It took some time for Candice and me to find a roommate, but we finally did find someone about a month after Jessica moved. Her name was Jamie. Jamie moved in just before school started. She was also a student from out of state supported by her parents just like Candice.

While searching for a suitable roommate all of my savings were depleted. My name was on the lease along with Jessica, so I was now responsible for the full rent. Candice paid her share to me and thus I had to pay two shares for that month. 

Thankfully with Jamie arriving I was able to keep up financially going forward, however paying for community college courses were going to be a stretch. I had no savings at all and my wages barely met my living expenses. School was going to have to be put on hold for at least a semester.

A month later something unexpected happened. Candice dropped out of school! She was not doing that well with her grades, and something changed with her parent's financial situation that meant they could not continue to support her. Candice realized she needed to go back home and continue school possibly the next semester and somewhere less expensive.

I felt bad for Candice because she loved New York. At the same time I was also faced with a choice. I didn't have the money to pay two-thirds of the rent until I found someone else. I also didn't want to cave in and go home. My parents still did not support my choice for moving away and we had not even seen each other for over two years. Going home was not an option. I was not going to give in!

That's when I saw an advertisement online. I was searching some trashy gossip site and saw an advertisement for making money by participating in surveys. It seemed to be local to New York and was targeting women only. The ad said there was a study and they need open-minded subjects to enroll. On the ad was a picture of a sexily-dressed woman. It seemed fishy, but given my financial state, it was worth a click to see what it was about.

I clicked on the link and it took me to a page describing a study in sexual behaviors. The website was not very specific. It said many types of tests were being conducted and that qualified candidates could earn up to $1000 or more per survey. It also said it was not pornography and that the studies were sponsored by research organizations. 

I clicked on the link for qualifications which simply said that the applicants must be between the age of 20 and 40, and that some studies require nudity. There was a link for the application. Studies were conducted in Manhattan. I was suspicious this was a porn site despite its claims that it wasn't.

I clicked on the application link which started with a page warning that the application requires candidates to answer sexually explicit adult questions and provide proof of age via a government ID such as a driver's license. A scanned image of the government ID was required, and if selected, this ID along with another photo ID must be brought to the testing center. Additionally, there may be additional photos requested before selection for a particular study. The site also said that the studies, which are conducted at their Manhattan office, are not required to be filmed nor are there requirements for photos.

I could not tell if this was a legitimate study, but given that there wasn't any filming or photos, it seemed like it could be legitimate. It was just about sex. I met the age requirement since I had recently turned 21. I clicked the link to apply and entered basic information about my location, age, weight, gender, and days I would generally be available for study participation. 

The next link contained questions about my viewpoints of sex. Questions included the following:

1. Are you heterosexual, bisexual, or gay? I chose bisexual even though I had not had a sexual experience with a woman. I was curious about it and sometimes fantasized about it. I clicked the Next link to get to the next question. 

2. Have you performed oral sex on a man? I chose yes and the page updated with the following questions. 2a. On how many different men have you performed oral sex? I chose 3. 2b. Have you let men ejaculate in your mouth? I chose yes. 2c. Have you swallowed semen? I chose yes. 2d. Have you performed deep throat oral sex? I chose yes. I sort of did it but I am not sure if I fully qualified. I had learned to fight urges to gag and could take my third boyfriend into my throat partially. 2e. What is your general feeling about giving blowjobs (1 to 5) with 1 meaning you very much dislike it, and 5 meaning you very much enjoy it? I chose 5. Thus far it had been a positive experience with my past boyfriends. 2f. What is your general feeling about the taste of semen (1 to 5) with 1 meaning you very much dislike it, and 5 meaning you very much enjoy it? I chose 4. I've never really had a bad experience with it. It wasn't great the first time but after that I liked it more. 2g. What is your general feeling about receiving a facial (1 to 5) with 1 meaning you very much dislike it, and 5 meaning you very much enjoy it? I chose 3. I had one boyfriend who liked to do this and I learned that it could be sexy in the right situation. 2h. Have you ever given a blowjob or received a facial from more than one man in a single sexual episode (e.g., a gangbang or MMF)? I answered no. I fantasized about it, but doubted I would ever be in that situation! 2i. Have you fantasized about oral sex with multiple partners (e.g., a gangbang or MMF)? I answered yes. 

This sure seemed like a porn application! I clicked Next and the next page loaded.

3. Have you performed oral sex on a woman? I chose no. The page then forwarded to the next set of questions.

4. Have you had intercourse? I chose yes and the page updated with the following questions. 4a. With how many different men have you had intercourse? I chose 3. 4b. Have you had sex with a stranger? I chose yes. I gave a guy a blowjob once at one of Jessica's college parties. I had just met him at the party and a couple hours later we were making out in a bedroom and I ended up sucking him off! That was completely out of character for me. It wasn't intercourse though. Shit, I realized I didn't include that in my answers on the previous page, but there was no link to go back and correct my answer. 4c. How easy is it for you to have an orgasm (1 to 5) with 1 meaning very difficult, and 5 meaning you always have an orgasm? I chose 4. It was very rare that I did not have an orgasm during sex. 4d. How easy is it for you to have multiple orgasms during sex (1 to 5) with 1 meaning never, and 5 meaning you have multiple orgasms most of the time? I chose 4 again. I often had orgasms two or sometimes three times with my second boyfriend. He was great in bed and had lots of stamina. 4e. How many inches long was the largest cock you have experienced during sex? I had no idea, but my second boyfriend was the largest and I remembered him saying something about him being 7 inches. I answered 7. 4f. What is your general feeling about intercourse (1 to 5) with 1 meaning you very much dislike it, and 5 meaning you very much enjoy it. I chose 5. I liked sex and it had mostly been a very positive experience thus far, although I had not had a boyfriend in quite some time. I just didn't have time for dating with my busy work schedule and school. 4g. Have you had intercourse from more than one man in a single sexual episode (e.g., a gangbang or MMF)? I answered no. I fantasized about it, but again doubted I would ever be in that situation! 4h. Have you fantasized about intercourse with multiple partners (e.g., a gangbang or MMF)? I answered yes. 

I continued to be skeptical of this study. I clicked Next and the next page loaded. 

The next page was full of yes/no questions about past sexual experiences that you might find on a sex bucket list. Most of the answers were no and I was feeling like I had very little experience and a boring sex life. Some of the questions I didn't even know what they meant and I had to look it up on the internet. The questions I answered yes to were about the following:

-Masturbate? Yes -Had sex in the missionary style? Yes -Had sex doggy style? Yes -Had anal sex? Yes -Been blindfolded during sex? Yes. I had done that once where my boyfriend caressed and massaged my whole body and then fucked me. The blindfold came off during the sex part, but I loved not knowing where he was going to touch me. -Gave a foot job? Yes. I assumed that meant stroking a guy with my feet. -Been face-fucked? Yes. My third boyfriend liked to get on top of me and shove his dick in my mouth. At times it was kind of hot.

I clicked Next and the last page thanked me for filling out the survey accurately and reminded me that the next step was that I would receive an email with instructions if I was a candidate for a study. I provided my email address and phone number, and I uploaded a copy of my ID hoping this wasn't a scam.

Honestly, I didn't think this was really a study and that it was likely an ad to solicit potential porn stars which I had no intention of becoming. 

A few days later I received an email from the testing site. It said I was selected to participate in their studies and that I would be notified in a separate correspondence about a specific study when my background fit the needs of the study. As a final step in my application I was asked to print a page from a link provided that had my name, my birth date, and a unique ID number. I was to take a couple self-portraits with the paper clearly shown so that I could prove I was who I claimed in the application. The site explained that nudity was not required for the photo, although nude photos would be accepted. It also said any nudity of underage persons would be sent to the authorities for prosecution.

I printed the form and then thought about what to wear in my selfie. I certainly wasn't going to send them a nude photo! Would a sexy outfit improve my chances of being selected? Did I even want to be selected? I still wasn't sure what the study was about or what kinds of questions they would ask. It seemed they already asked a lot! Is it to just answer more questions? For $1,000 I would answer any questions they asked!

I went through all of my clothes and struggled with the decision. Nothing seemed appropriate. I had mostly casual clothing and work clothing, and nothing seemed to be flattering. I hadn't really bought anything nice since I moved to New York because I couldn't really afford it. The only thing left was my swim suits. I had a one-piece and a couple bikinis. The one-piece was old and no longer looked good. One bikini was fairly old as well and the other was a string bikini that I purchased a couple years ago when I last went to the beach. At the time I bought it I was embarrassed to show that much skin but Jessica talked me into it because she wanted to hook me up with a guy who was going to meet us at the beach with other friends.

I put on the newer bikini. It was white and black with thin strings connecting the cups and tying around my neck and back. There wasn't really much padding which made my nipples somewhat noticeable especially when hard. The bottoms also contained string ties on both hips to hold the front and back together. It wasn't a thong, but it showed a lot of my cheeks and my entire outer thigh. 

I looked in the mirror. I am trim and athletic-looking with naturally blond hair that extends a few inches below my shoulders, a 34 inch size C bust, and I generally wear a size 2. I'm 5 feet 5 inches tall.

I examined myself in the mirror and fixed my hair and makeup. I looked sexy for sure, and maybe too sexy. The cups just covered the bottoms of my breasts and the smallish triangles just covered my nipples on the inside. I remembered that guy on the beach. He spent a lot of time looking at me that day but we never hooked up and I later found out he had a girlfriend.

I grabbed the printed paper and then went to my bedroom to take the picture. I used an app to time delay the photo and propped up the phone to take the picture. After about ten tries and a couple different zoom settings I finally got a couple good photos. I had good realistic smiles in both photos. The first photo showed most of my body from my shins up. The second photo was zoomed in on the upper half of my body. My nipples were poking at the fabric and I felt that this photo might get somebody's attention if my looks mattered.

I uploaded two photos and then waited for a confirmation email which I received a few minutes later. The confirmation email said there were no guarantees a suitable study would be offered and that it could take weeks or months before I received an offer to participate.

For the next couple weeks I watched my email several times per day waiting for a study to be offered. Nothing came. A couple more weeks went by and I forgot about it. I stopped looking for the email, but I didn't lose sight of the fact I was broke. My credit card balances were growing considerably and I still had not found a suitable roommate to replace Candice.

Finally about a month after I applied an email appeared offering for me to participate in a study! The purpose of the study wasn't clear but it had something to do with the semen. If I accepted, I had to click a link and then appear at an address in Manhattan on Saturday afternoon in 2 days. I also had to be tested at a clinic provided by the company for testing for drugs and STDs. Those results needed to be negative to participate. There were no additional details as to what was needed of me for the study. It only said that the compensation would be up to $1000 depending on whether I participated and how I responded to the testing.

It couldn't have been much more unclear. And why did they need me to be drug tested? I thought about it. I needed the money desperately. It appeared I could quit if I wanted, or even not be selected. I crossed my fingers and selected the link to participate. I then called the clinic and provided the information as requested by the website. 

I went to the clinic the next day. They took blood and urine samples, and a female nurse briefly examined my genitals. If it wasn't for their professionalism I would have been weirded out by the exam, but in the end I felt it was worth knowing the results. Those results would be sent to me and to my employer. Employer? It turns out the paying company is considered an employer and I had to sign forms agreeing to share the results. 

Saturday arrived quickly. I was nervous. I went out the night before and bought a nice tank top and mid-thigh skirt. More charges to my credit card. I also bought a cute pair of high heel sandals. As I looked in the mirror to apply the finishing touches to my makeup I assessed myself and determined I didn't look slutty which is what I was trying to avoid. 

When I arrived at the provided address I entered a building that didn't seem very nice from the outside. It was almost like it was an old warehouse. There was a very bland waiting room and I went to the window for check in. It was kind of like checking in for a doctor. The lady behind the window asked for my name and the printout from the email. Once identified in their computer, I was given a clipboard with a set of forms to read and sign.

I found a chair and sat down. The first form asked for details about my age and other identification. It said my two forms of ID would be copied. The next form was a privacy notice saying that my identity would not be shared without my written consent. And the final form described the study in general terms. 

I looked around the room at the other women seated. Most of them looked like they could be prostitutes. They wore incredibly revealing outfits that included shorts or skirts that were barely covering them. Some had tops that showed all of their cleavage. And some wore fishnet stockings with very high heels and essentially just panties as bottoms. 

Back to the forms. The study was about testing the effects of male ejaculate. The test required the subject female candidate to ingest semen while being stimulated in the genital area. The candidate would be asked permission to conduct each test, and each successive test would result in additional compensation. Compensation would be paid today in cash upon completion of the test by the candidate. There would be no pictures or video unless the candidate requested it.
