 First off I will tell you that I write this to share an experience of mine. Well, more of a fantasy mixed with an experience or two. I wrote this last week and posted it here because I found this to be the best way to get it out, and so on. I do hope you enjoy it, but if not... tell me. Though all in all it is just a story. Fiction, so don't get too worked up about it. All right, I'll begin now.

------------

Laying on my back with either hand inside a different girl now three fingers in Erica on my right, and two pumping inside and out, of Mattie, on my left, I moved Meagan's breasts around with my tongue. Then she pulled off, standing on the bed, and her feet touching the sides of my stomach, she pulled down her jeans, exposing her lacy blue panties that had little flowers in the material. Stepping up to slide them off her feet, I took a deep breath, as Mattie let off my hand. She was exhausted, for she had came at least eight times, that I knew of. Catching up to her in the orgasm run was Erica on my right, who let out one last spasm of cum on my hand, to tie in the race, and then she let off. I gave her a little jiggle before I pulled all the way out, and she went up to the head of the bead with Mattie. 

At the foot of the bed, Mary was pumping my inches with one hand, with the other stuck to my leg, and her soft lips tightly around the last four or so. Obviously I was at full attention and even more so, my clothes were at the floor, socks and all. "Don't let him go off, not just yet,” Meagan told Mary. Just after Meagan ordered Mary not to let me shoot, "not yet" she said again, Mary gave a good last pump and blow pulling almost all of me into her mouth and then tongued her way off. She then let off and joined the other girls at the head of the bed. I saw her lean back into Erica, and start on her way to get herself off. As Mattie rested on Erica's other shoulder.

Then both Mattie and Erica helped Mary out of her panties. Just as I could see her little white well-rounded bum in play view, Erica leaned back on the headboard and Mary sat cuddled between her legs. They tugged her underwear down to her toe, pulled them off, and just as before threw into my face. Taking a good breath of her panty aroma I saw Mary still in her blue tank top, and Erica lifting it, all while both her and Mattie reached to caress Mary's sexy little tits.

Meagan stood above me as I helped slip her underwear down to her toe, and then step out while my arms were resting on her legs. She slowly came down, sliding onto the tip of me, and then even more slowly I brought myself into her. I can't explain the magnificent feeling this was, even if I tried, I couldn’t, regardless of the fact that it was such a very tight fit. And once she was down about half way, Meagan gave off one of those magnificent moans that is more of a scream, and continued to do so from then on. I could hear about the same coming from Mary, just as Meagan made her way to fit all of me inside of her. I held her waist as she came down, and slid my hands down her smooth white legs and she came up. 

Not long after I began pounding myself into her, she jumped back and forth on top of me. In the action of this I rolled her into switching positions, and then she was on her back under me. I had one hand under her, as my other held me up. She moaned more and more as I thrust. Every third or forth, I remember giving her a harder shove. While all of this was going on, I lifted my head and looked to the top of the bed. I could see Erica stretched out, one long smooth leg to the left, and one smooth long leg to my right. Her leopard print thong was pushed to one side of her slit, and Mattie was making a meal of her juices. As far as I could tell she had every inch of her tongue digging deeper and deeper into my ex's vagina. Erica yelped in unison of Meagan, her last and loudest of the night. 

So, Meagan was in fact a virgin, and she tired out. Though, not all at once… I did give her quite a pounding before she let off my member. So I lay there with a scorching red tip, and without a release. Simple enough to say, I was hurting. Of course I had been in awe of this entire night, especially at first, but now I felt I had to take control. Meagan to my right, flushed red was covered with red splotches across her white skin. She was taking a breather, was my guess then, because she did not seem to be done for the night, but I wasn't sure of that though. So, I sat up on my knees, looked to my left to see Mary pleasuring self at a slower rate, and it was then that I decided to take Erica by her ankles. She slid right down under me, and I slid right up inside of her. Mattie didn't seem to mind at all, because just as I stole Erica away, Mary began to indulge in Mattie’s virgin pussy.

Erica moaned in unison with the sound of the smacking of our bodies colliding together. I had been here before, I know, but I have to say it was like magic. Before then I had never believed people to have moves, to know moves, or to perform them in the just the right manner during intercourse. She turned when there needed to be a turn, and pushed just when there needed to be a push. Then and, as far as I can remember, only then, did I moan. I push-up-ed into her, pounding and sliding, with both of us screaming in ecstasy and agony, I can't remember which. About then I could hold it only another minute before my big bang, but this one wouldn't be a theory. Having to slide out, she motioned for more, and I had second to collect. If this was to continue, I thought, it would be better to get her to where she wants to be. I turned her over onto her hands and knees, and I slid off the bed. She came off as well, now back end towards my not-so-little friend. Teasing her ass with my tip, she beckoned for more and more and more.

Thoughts of golf, road kill, and my mother's homemade pizza filled my head. I had to keep myself from going off, or at least this is what I thought best. If so, this little party could have a sequel. Without blowing my top then, I brought myself back into her juice spot. She pleaded for the pounding to commence, and I gave it to her. Focusing my eyes on the scene before us, while my mind continued with massacres and Tiger Woods. Mattie had her back to the headboard, and Mary in her nest, while Meagan was bent sideways with her hand doing "the fandango" in Mary's panties. Three girls moaning together, and Meagan and I pleasured two out of three. Meagan was still with the resting but was at the same time giving it a go to the others, routine.

Erica buckled in front of me, stimulating my inches with heat. She ran through me again and again, but I did not let loose just then. I had heard sounds coming from the other side out the house for a good 10 minutes now, maybe conversations, but I wasn't about to ruin my stiffy for maybes. My heart had wish I had about five minutes later, but as of now, I'm glad I ignored the whispers. The new arrivals took in the scene that lay before them in Erica's bedroom. I took a gander, and my heart stopped. Erica's mother and good friend Rachael stood at the door. I took this all in, and stopped the pounding I had been giving to Erica's box. "Hi Mom, Rachael", Erica said, "What took you guys so long?" 

Her mom looked from Erica to me, and replied, "Traffic was bad, but that doesn't matter as of now. Do you mind if we join in?" 

To Be Continued (again)......