 Paul stepped out of the elevator and checked his watch. 10:25, perfect. He had been told to be prompt, but not early, so that Kim and Melody would have time to be ready for him. Paul didn't know what to expect of this evening, he'd met these two only once, in the park. They had asked to sit with him while he was out people-watching, flirted with him generously, and then invited him to a nearby hotel the next day for a night of 'wild and kinky festivities'. He had eagerly accepted, and so here he was, knocking on their door.

Melody answered wearing a tight blue dress, black stockings, short-heeled shoes, and with her curly dark hair held back by a violet band. "Hi Paul, so glad you could make it, do come in." Paul liked Melody, she had been the warmer and friendlier of the two young ladies when they met.

"Happy to be here," Paul stepped into the room, a pretty standard hotel room with one big bed, a table, and a few chairs, "Where's Kim?"

"Oh, she's in the bath, she wanted me to entertain you for a little bit while she finishes up." Melody giggled, "So, what can I do to entertain you?"

"I'm not sure there's much you could do that wouldn't entertain me at this point."

"Well that's good to hear, let's start by getting those clothes out of the way." Melody approached him and began to undo his belt. Paul lifted his shirt, and helped her relieve him of his pants. Then Melody took off his shorts and gently stroked his cock to life with her hand. As it grew to its full length, Melody smiled, told Paul to come with her, and led him by his dick to the bed. She had him sit against the pillows and climbed onto the bed herself in front of him. Paul got a great look at her cleavage as she ran her fingers through her hair and bent down over his lap to service his hard-on.

Melody flicked her tongue over the tip of his dick, then swirled it around a couple of times before sliding it down the base of his cock as she engulfed it with her mouth. He felt her lips wrap around the top quarter of his shaft, and she continued working the tip with her tongue. Then she slid her head down further onto him, taking half his dick into her mouth before she ran out of room. Melody bobbed her head a few times on him, her tongue flicking up each time it had clearance, then she shifted a little on the bed and pressed down onto him, taking his whole length and forcing the head of his dick down her throat.

No one had ever done this for him before, and the tightness of her throat around his penis caused Paul to buck involuntarily for a moment. She held him there for a few precious seconds, and then came up for a gasping breath before plunging him deep into her throat for a second go. Paul grunted, and Melody backed off and began to suckle his cock, licking it and running her lips up and down its length. She had it outside her mouth, kissing and licking the sides when the bathroom door opened and Kim entered the picture.

Kim had long dirty blonde hair, large breasts, and a nice figure. Paul saw her exit the bathroom wearing nothing from head to waist, nor from ankle to thigh. At her crotch there hung a strap on dildo, belted to her by straps around her legs and waist. Melody was too engrossed in her blowjob to notice Kim come in, and Kim winked at Paul and held her finger to her lips. She tiptoed to the foot of the bed, flipped up the skirt of Melody's dress, and climbed onto the bed behind her. Melody looked back at her friend, smiled, and went back to sucking on Paul's dick.

Paul watched, enthralled, as Kim reached down behind Melody to part the lips of her pussy, position the dildo, and enter her. Melody moaned appreciatively at the first penetration, and the vibration of her mouth translated directly into more pleasure for Paul. Melody continued to lick and suck Paul's dick, and Kim began slowly thrusting into Melody.

Paul was a little startled when Kim raised her left hand and slapped Melody on the rump, calling to her, "That's right, girl, suck that dick! Hump my dong!" He was even more surprised when Melody responded by gasping in apparent pleasure and redoubling her efforts at both ends.

Kim had positioned herself such that there was hardly any wiggle room for Melody between being fully impaled on the dildo or having Paul's cock deep in her throat, so Melody began rocking back and forth between them, first pushing herself down Paul's cock to the base, then coming up for air and slapping her ass cheeks into Kim's thighs. It was clear this was driving her crazy, each time she pounded back on the dildo, she whimpered ecstatically, and she was rocking back and forth between them at a ravenous pace. Then, on a back thrust, Melody moaned an extended orgasm right into the tip of Paul's dick, and he shot the biggest load he thought he ever could right into her mouth. Melody swallowed it down, popped his cock from her mouth, and raised herself up onto her knees.

Kim knee-walked around to the side of Melody, put her arm around her friend's shoulder, and looked down at Paul, "You'll be needing a few minutes, I'm guessing."

Paul nodded, and looked at Melody, "That was amazing."

Melody smiled, "Thanks, I'm glad you liked it. I've been practicing for a while for that, but since Kim's dildos don't have any feeling, I wasn't totally sure I had it right for the real thing."

"You did." Then the implications clicked in Paul's head, "Wait, you mean that was your first blowjob?"

Melody blushed a little, "Yeah, Kim and I, well, we've been a couple since the end of high school. I've never been with a guy before..."

"So why me?"

She looked at Kim, smiled, and then turned back at Paul, "You're my anniversary present."

Paul turned to Kim, "And you?"

Kim shrugged, "I've been with guys before, but you really don't interest me. But if my girl wants a test lay, she gets it. Just not without me around."

"So I'm just here for Melody?"

"What is it with guys and the whole 'two girls at once' thing? Trust me, sweet cheeks, Melody is probably already too much woman for you to handle. But tell you what, if you're a good boy, give Melody what she wants, and listen to momma here, I'll toss you a roll in the hay just so you can tell your friends about it after we've gone."

Paul rolled his eyes, "How magnanimous, I can hardly wait." He turned to Melody, "At least you seem friendly, what would you like to do with our time together until I get some life back in Ringo here?" Paul gestured to his half-flaccid prick.

Melody came back at him with a sweet, but pouty look, "Careful, buster, you're talking about the love of my life here. I think I'm just going to hang out over here and make out with her until you and your 'Ringo' get your acts together."

"You tell him, baby. Lose that dress and get in behind me, I want to feel those titties on my back."

Melody pulled her dress over her head and tossed it aside, and Paul couldn't help think what a waste of feminine perfection it was that she was gay. She had pert average sized breasts, cute little areolas, and a well defined stomach and waistline. As she climbed behind Kim, brushed aside her hair, and started to kiss her neck, Kim smirked at Paul, waggled her dildo, and asked him, "Want a taste of what you're missing?"

Paul hesitated and started to shake his head, when Melody looked up from her lover's neck and pleaded with him, "Oh, come on, do it, seeing that would make me so Hot." She punctuated the 'hot' by wrapping her hands around Kim's breasts and pinching the nipples. Paul, begrudgingly, got to his hands and knees in front of Kim, looked up into Melody's eyes, and seeing the insistent plea there, brought his lips to the dildo and sucked her nectar from it. Kim, sweet thing that she was, thrust her hips forward just as Paul closed his mouth over her strap-on. The dildo hit the back of his throat, and Paul gagged. "See, baby?" Kim explained to Melody, "Everybody chokes on it their first time." Not allowing himself to be shamed, Paul pulled away, sat up, and licked up the bit of Melody's cum that had gotten on his lips.

"Thank you, Paul, that was very sweet." Melody pulled away from Kim, and went to him, "And Kim just cost herself a backrub for being a bitch to my present."

Kim scoffed and rolled her eyes, but Melody persisted, "I'm serious, you should be nicer to the gentleman." Melody put her hand on Paul's shoulder, and cooed in his ear, "You want a little payback, doll? I have an idea on how we can get Ringo back out here for an encore."

"Sure, it's your show."

"It is, isn't it?" Melody turned to Kim, "It is my show, right?" Kim assented, "Then come here, and be a good girl."

Kim approached the two, and Melody took her by the hair, leading her head down to Paul's chest. With a word from Melody, Kim started kissing Paul's chest and stroking his sides with her hands. Meanwhile, Melody used her free hand to tousle his hair. All this attention started waking up Paul's dick again, and when Melody saw it start to sprout, she led Kim by her hair until her chest was against his growing hardon. "Help the man out, would you, dear?" insisted Melody, and Kim sighed. She pressed her ample tits together around his dick, and began stroking them up and down his shaft. She did so for about half a minute, until Paul was fully turgid, then she got up, looked him in the eye, and told him, "I will get you back for this."

"I'm sure you will," Melody replied flippantly, as she pushed Kim aside and pulled Paul towards her. Melody fell back on the bed and Paul came down over her. Paul didn't need to be told twice, or even once, that Melody was ready for more action. He kissed her mouth, and while their tongues were intertwined, he folded one of her legs up over her belly by the thigh, felt her bring her other leg around his waist, and he got in position to fuck her, breaking the kiss.

Paul pressed into her slowly, first applying just enough force to get past her lips, then patiently easing himself deeper, waiting for a moment he knew would be coming soon. Melody was breathing deeply, and she began pulling rhythmically with her free leg to make her pussy slide up and down a little on Paul's dick. It was on that cue that Paul planned to use his full length, he waited till Melody's leg should be pulling him closer, felt the tug of her ankle right on schedule, and when the next tug came he went with it, thrusting down into her most of the way. He heard Melody's breath catch, one of his favorite sounds in sex, and felt her free leg pull back away from him as she instinctively moved to give him more clearance.

Paul cut loose then, his best move spent, he simply put a little more weight on the leg that he had held up and started pounding away at her as fast as he reliably could. Melody reciprocated with a series of little 'ooh's and 'ahh's, while he was fucking her she took his left hand and clutched it to her breast, which he began to knead. Kim, off to the side, had loosened her straps and started to diddle herself casually at the spectacle, and when Melody closed her eyes and started arching her back, Kim reasserted her presence by taking Melody's hand and suckling her fingers.

Not to be outdone, Paul brought his hand down the leg he was holding, wrapped his arm around Melody's thigh, and brought his thumb against the top of her clit as he fucked her. Then Melody started to really moan, "That's it! Nnnngh, Uhhhhnn, OH! OH! FUUuuucK!" Paul felt Melody spasm in orgasm and, glad that he had contained himself this long, he withdrew from her and started jerking himself over her supple figure. When he came, it shot out in a couple of spurts, the first one arcing to the base of Melody's chin. She dreamily scooped it up with her finger and licked it away. The second volley of droplets had landed on her belly, and without really thinking about it Paul rubbed his cream over her stomach so that he could see the sheen of light off her abs. Melody smiled, pulled him back to her mouth, and gave him a long sloppy kiss before whispering "thank you" in his ear.

They wanted a break after that, so they all took a shower together, ordered some room service, and chatted. Kim was cool and distant most of the time, and Paul wasn't in the mood to try and charm her. Melody was simply effervescent, though. She talked, and laughed, she even plied Paul for his number in case they could do it again sometime. Kim was a little steamed when Paul gave it to her, and she boiled over when Melody asked her if they had any plans the next weekend.

"That's IT! I know we agreed to a whole night of this, but unless you want to leave right now, and I assume you don't the way you're fawning all over this dick-on-legs here, if we're going to keep doing this, I want my turn *now*."

Paul was waiting for a chance to argue with this girl, and he jumped at the opportunity, "Listen, Kim, if you're feeling left out, I'd be happy to 'toss you a roll in the hay', you don't have to be all catty about it."

"You don't understand, punk, I'm so sick and tired of you I'm going to strap on my fattest, angriest boner and show you what it feels like to do something you hate just to be with the one you want."

Melody broke them up, "Listen, guys, I don't want you to hate each other, I was just saying..."

Paul held up his hand, "No, it's alright. Kim, can I talk to you alone for a minute?"

Kim shrugged, obviously still furious, and led him into the bathroom. "Say it fast."

"Listen, I just wanted to say that I think I know where you're coming from, and I want to help."

"Excuse me?"

"I'm serious, my last girlfriend was into the whole power thing, like you seem to be, and I respect that, I can even get into it when I have to. I like Melody, and I know you do too. And if me taking it from you is the best way we can both give it to her, then I'm game, just don't be such a bitch about it. Friends?"

Kim was stunned for a few moments, then she chuckled, "That's just about a hundred times better than I thought this conversation was going to go. Friends. But I'm still going to fuck the shit out of you."

"And I'll try and look sufficiently miserable while you do. After all, pity points are worth their weight in gold."

They came out of the bathroom a lot calmer than they went in. Melody looked them over, and asked if there was anything she could do to make it right. Paul answered by fetching the strap-on Kim had been wearing before, and saying, "You just have a good time, and as for what we do now, I'll defer to Kim. She was nice enough to let us play together, after all."

"Really?" Melody looked at Kim, "Do you have to?"

"Relax, darling, I'm not doing anything to hurt the boy. This is for you, you don't know what kind of wonderful things happen to a guy's prick when there's pressure on his prostrate. They get hard as oak."

Melody thought about it, then laughed, "So we're gonna make a Paul sandwich."

Paul smiled, "With extra sauce." He turned to Kim, "I do have one condition, though."

"Shoot."

"Melody gets to lube me up. And she gets it from your cunt."

Kim smiled at Melody, and said, "Counter condition..."

Melody answered, "Shoot."

"No hands." Kim winked.

They had an agreement all around. Kim got naked again and sat in one of the chairs next to the bed. Paul got naked again and got up on the bed, face down and on his knees. Melody had been parading around naked all through their meal, so she just waited for them to be in position, then Paul heard her sucking and slurping on Kim's pussy.

After a minute, she came over to Paul, mouth full of spit and cum, put her lips at the top of his crack, and let it ooze obscenely down his ass. She did this two more times, and started to climb onto the bed, when Kim stopped her. "Nuh uh, girl, he's going to want that spread well, all the way down. And remember, no hands." This time she winked at Paul, who smiled back. While Kim was strapping up, Melody buried her face in his ass crack, and he felt her tongue snake between his cheeks and smear fluid all the way down to the rosebud. It felt good, Paul was already getting hard.

Kim directed Melody to kneel in front of Paul, and Paul to hunch over her back. Then she got into bed with them, and started sliding the dildo between Paul's cheeks. She passed it up and down a few times, and then began to press against his asshole. Paul grunted, tensed, then tried to relax as she started forcing it into his ass. The head cleared, and Paul breathed heavily. "So Melody, what do you want?'

"I want you to fuck me silly, silly!"

"I realize that," continued Paul, "But I've got two choices here, where do you want it?"

"Oh." Melody thought about it for a second, "Hard as oak, you say?"

Paul smiled wincingly as Kim started to fuck his rear slowly, "Yep, feel for yourself," He guided her hand to his cock, which was throbbing.

"Oooh. I've got just the place for that, get it wet in my pussy, but that beast belongs in my ass."

"Yes ma'am." Paul slid into her wet pussy a couple of times, then pushed her down to a lying position so he could part her ass cheeks and spit on her hole. As he bent over her, Kim popped out from him, so she had to reinsert as he got Melody back up and waiting to be fucked. It went in easier the second time, and Paul kept it in place, drawing Melody's ass back to meet his dick. Kim reached around him, stroked it a few times, then helped guide it home.

Paul just held still and let Melody set the pace for her penetration. She felt the head against her anus and started backing herself over it. It took a couple of false starts before she got it in her, but once she got herself open, his dick slid in easily. The three of them got a bit of rhythm going, Kim would thrust, Paul would slide forward off of her strap-on and into Melody, and she would push back into him, forcing him back onto Kim and increasing the throbbing in his prick. By the fourth or fifth pass, Melody was fingering herself. Paul came quickly, but stayed hard long enough for Melody to get an anally augmented orgasm. After Melody came, they disentangled and took a nap together. Kim hadn't had a chance to climax at all so far, but that's a story for another night.