 Pam and I were having a great sexual relationship as sex buddies. We both dated other people but when those relationships broke up and we were horny we'd call each other and have some great sex. It was a great thing that I hoped never ended. 

This had gon on for about six months when Pam started dating Mike. Mike was a nice guy. He was about her age and good looking. Pam was happy and that's what was important to me. Even though I knew I wasn't going to get laid by Pam while they were together, I was still happy she was happy.

They had been dating about a month when one Saturday evening Pam called me.

"What are ya doing?' she asked.

"Not much. Watching a little T.V. and doing a little writing. Why?"

"I have a favor to ask. Can you come over?"

In the past I had gone over to her apartment and fixed various things. A shelf that had fallen, her clothes dryer had lost its belt, and another time I pulled a spoon out of her garbage disposal so I thought it was something like that and asked: "Should I bring my tools?"

"Only the one between your legs and the one in your mouth."

Stunned, I said the only thing I could "Be right there".

It only takes about 15 minutes to drive to her place but it seamed like forever. It had been about six weeks since we had been together and I definitely needed to release some pressure.

I knocked on the door and she let me in. When I entered her living room Mike was sitting there. He was in his boxers and definitely aroused. I turned to Pam and asked what was up.

"I kind of told mike about our relationship."

"Okay, so why am I here?"

"Well, Mike and I were talking about fantasies and I thought of you."

"What kind of fantasy do you two have that could involve me?" was what came out and I immediately started thinking of all the things two men a woman could do in bed. All of them seamed appealing to me.

"Have you ever had sex with a man before?" 

I was kind of taken aback but truthfully it had been a fantasy of mine. I'm not gay. I love women and making love to women. But what guy hasn't at least thought of doing another guy?

"No, I have never been with a man before. Is that what you need me for?"

"Mike has a fantasy of having a woman suck his cock while his ass is being fucked."

That's what I loved about Pam – straight to the point. No mixing words. She just let the cat out of the bag and sees what happens.

"And you thought of me?"

"Well, you are the only person in the world I trust to ask and Mike doesn't know anyone he trusts to ask. Plus I have this fantasy of seeing two men fuck. What better way to see it than to suck on one their cocks?"

Once again her logic was impeccable. What could I say?

"Sounds like fun. How do we get into it?"

Mike finally spoke, "I thought we could both make love to Pam and then when you're hard and ready, Pam and I'd get into a 69 and you'd do me that way."

With that Pam took my face in her hands and started kissing me. I kissed back and started rubbing her back. Mike stood and came over behind her. He started to remove her clothes by pulling her blouse over her head. He then undid her bra and slipped that off her arms. She started removing my clothes at the same time. It was clumsy at best but we managed.

She unbuckled and unzipped my pants and let them fall to the floor. Her skirt was at her feet as well. Mike pulled her panties down and she lifted one foot then the other as he pulled both of them off.

He then moved to behind me. She pulled my shirt over my head only breaking our kiss long enough to pass the shirt by. Mike pulled my boxers down and I too lifted each foot so that he could remove my pants and boxers.

Pam and I were naked and feeling each other. Mike was behind me rubbing my back and ass. Pam then broke our kiss and said lets go in the bed room.

We all fell to the bed Mike behind me and I facing Pam. Mike was running his hands all over me while I ran my hands all over Pam. Mike moved over and Pam pushed herself on top of me. I could tell Mike was moving but not sure what he was doing. Then I felt his hand on my balls. Pam was groaning and because I was only kissing her and feeling her up so I assumed Mike was licking her pussy. He was, of course.

Mike then took my cock in his mouth and started licking it and sucking it. It felt so good. Until that moment I thought Pam was the best cock sucker in the world. Mike was way better!

Pam slid down my body and that's when Mike slipped my cock into her pussy. I loved fucking Pam. Her pussy was so tight and she was able to control every muscle so that it felt like a velvet hand massaging my cock. Mike was licking my balls while Pam was riding me. I started twisting Pam's nipples the way she likes it.

I felt Mike's finger enter Pam's ass through the thin membrane that separates the two orifices. He was going in pretty deep and pulling back out and at the same time licking my balls. I was getting all worked up and had totally forgotten the fantasy. It was almost too late by the time I did.

"I think we need to change things around or else I am going to cum."

Pam looked down and realized what I meant and raised up off my cock. Mike took my cock in his mouth and cleaned it of Pam's juices. Pam joined him down by my cock and started licking my shaft while he was sucking on the head.

They then both let my cock fall and started kissing each other. I slid out from under them and they embraced falling back to the bed with her on top. I watched as they were running their hands over each other's body and kissed each other's lips.

Pam started to kiss her way down Mike's body. She nibbled on his nipples for a while then proceeded down to his cock. As she moved down his body she was also spinning her body around and putting her pussy in Mikes face.

Mike stuck his tongue into her and started licking her sweetness. I knew how good she tasted and wished it was me. He was putting a finger in her ass as he licked her and was starting to work her into orgasm.

Pam was licking Mike's shaft and head like a lollipop. She also had a finger in mike's ass and a hand rubbing his balls. This was the first live "sex show" I had ever seen and was just mesmerized by the action.

I had stopped watching Mike but what ever he was doing was having an effect on Pam. She stopped what she was doing and just started withering in orgasm. "I'm CUMMING!" she screamed.

She sat right on his face and just rubbed her clit on his chin. Her orgasm was pretty powerful and she looked as beautiful as ever having it. 

Once her orgasm subsided, she fell off mike and just lay there for a minute. She recovered and went to Mike and started to passionately kiss him and licked her own juices off his face.

"Let's get this fantasy going" Pam said as she broke off the kiss.

She got up and went to the end of the bed. She pulled Mike so that his ass was at the end of the bed. She then put a pillow under his back so that his ass was raised off the bed. Then she started licking his ass

"There is some KY in the top drawer of my night stand" Pam stated.

"Oh yeah" was all I could say.

I got the KY. Pam took it from me and used it to help her put two fingers in Mike's ass as she started to lick his cock. Without missing a beat she climbed on the bed and continued sucking his cock.

She looked up at me and said "Are you hard enough to fuck him or should I suck you too?"

Didn't matter how hard I was, I wanted her to suck me too. So I moved in so she could lick and suck my cock. She let his cock drop from her hand and started to pump mine. She licked the helmet rim and shaft till I was hard as a rock.

It was ironic but the first thing Mike said during this sexcapade was something Pam had said the first time we were together. 

"Please fuck my ass"

I thought to myself, 'when you put it that way how can I refuse?'

I pulled my cock from Pam's mouth and she went back to licking his shaft. I grabbed the KY and put some on the head of my dick and some on his ass; sticking a finger in to make sure it was lubed. I then put my cock at the entrance to his ass. Pam looked up at me with Mike cock in her mouth. 

I slowly pushed into his ass. I always thought Pam's pussy and ass were tight. Well they had nothing on Mike's ass.

"You a virgin to this, Mike?

"Yeah, man. Be gentle"

My cock must have gotten ten times harder then it ever had before. Just the thought of doing another guy was hot enough but now knowing it was his first time too just made it super exciting.

I kept pushing in slowly. Mike groaned from the pain but cried out "Yeah that feels good". I could tell it hurt but he was enjoying the pain.

Finally I was all the way in and just stayed there while he adjusted to my cock. It was for my pleasure too. I loved the feeling his ass was giving my cock. The tightness was enveloping my cock. His sphincter was pulsing around the base of my cock. I slowly started to pull out. 

Pam was mesmerized by the scene in front of her. Her fantasy of watching two guys fucking was coming true. She had totally forgotten what she was doing and was just sitting there with Mike's cock in her mouth. 

I pulled out till just the head of my cock was in his ass letting his sphincter throb around my knob. I then thrust back in a little quicker than the first time. Mike moaned bringing Pam out of her trance and she went back to work on his cock. I pulled back out even quicker and then went right back in. Mike was now moaning with pleasure.

Pam was watching my cock go in and out of her boyfriend's ass. As I started to get into a rhythm she tried to match that rhythm. When I went in his ass she went down on his cock, deep throating him. When I pulled out till just the head of my cock was in his ass, she did the same to his cock and sucked on his head. Before long I was fucking mike's ass like I had fucked Pam a million times before. I was pounding his ass, she was sucking his cock, and he was loving it.

"Fuck me harder. That feels so fucking good. Suck me Pam Suck me harder too." Mike was totally into it and loving the ass fucking so much I wondered how good it must really be.

I was so into it I had even forgotten that I was fucking a guy for the first time. It just felt so good how could I complain? Pam loved it too. She was matching my thrusts with her mouth on his cock and her fingers were buried in her pussy doing the same. Mike saw this and started to help her out by fingering her ass. She moved over so that they were in the 69 position and he started licking her pussy too.

So there was Mr. Average 42 year old man, fucking his beautiful co-workers good looking boyfriend in the ass while she was giving him a blow job and he was licking her pussy and fingering her ass. I was in pure ecstasy and started to feel that old familiar feeling building in my groin.

Mike was the first to go, though. I don't know how I lasted longer but Mike just screamed "I'm cumming" and Pam took his load in her mouth. She then spun around and immediately lip-locked with Mike and shared the load with him.

I looked down to see her nice round ass right above mike's cock and started to play with it. She started to moan and looked back at me with approval. 

This whole time I was just punishing mike's ass. But as they say, all good things must come to and end and playing with Pam's ass while pounding mikes put me over the edge. I buried my cock in him and just unloaded screaming 'I'm cumming" too.

After my cock fell out of his ass I collapsed onto the bed next to Mike. I was laying face down. Pam started rubbing my shoulders.

"Thank you for helping."

"You're welcome, anytime," said and literally drifted off to sleep.