 She sat cross-legged on the ground with the large book in her lap, her palms up on either side. Her head tilted upwards toward the cloudy night, he watched in stunned silence as her chest rose and fell and the clouds parted to reveal the subtle light of the blood moon. As is typical of harvest time it was large and round tinted with the rusty color of the fallen leaves. She rose, letting the book fall to the grass, keeping her palms upwards she moved her arms up toward the glowing sphere above them. He watched intently as her lips moved, breathing the seductive whispers of the ancient art. Chills raced up his spine as a breeze whistled through the clearing. Seeing her blonde hair flutter around her shoulders, revealing pale smooth skin stirred something in his groin. He turned to leave, feeling guilty for disturbing her midnight ritual, the leaves crackling beneath his feet. He cringed. 

In a swirl of gossamer and gold she was upon him, aquatic blue eyes on fire. She didn’t speak but it was clear she was not happy about being interrupted. They stood for a moment staring at each other then she bent her head and pressed her lips to his. The unexpected gesture definitely took him by surprise but it was the feel of her lips that nearly knocked him to his feet. She was warm and soft, almost like she was melting into him. The feeling was incredible. He placed his hands around her slender waist and pulled her closer to him. Again feeling that she was merging into him. 

So deep into the kiss he fell that he did not realize she had led him to the circle where he had first spotted her. She stepped away from him her eyes never leaving his. She lifted her arms again and whispered words into the wind that seemed to dance around them, fluttering the leaves and the trees in its wake. The air around them was charged where it had been cold only moments ago. He had been concerned about her thin garments now he could only wonder if she was as hot as he was. She stepped closer to him placing her hands on his chest; he looked down at her hands and shook his head. For a moment he thought he could see through them. Bringing his eyes back to hers, he was instantly reassured by the inviting twinkle reflecting in her sea green depths. Covering her hands with his he helped her ease his jacket off his shoulders. Her fingers lingered on his subtly defined biceps as the jacket slipped off onto the grass. He smiled, pleased that she liked what she touched. 

He slid his own hands underneath the heavy corn silk tresses and brought her lips back to his. Everything he touched of her was akin to the feeling of melting chocolate. Like sinking his fingers into warm marshmallow. He couldn’t stop touching her, his hand caressed her heart shaped face, over her shoulders all the way down to the tips of her long blood red nails. Every inch of her body against him fit perfectly. They sank to their knees and she pushed against his shoulders, a small smile on her lips. He sat back on his heels and waited for her. She stood up again and raised her arms once more, this time he could clearly hear the melodic sounds of an ancient language roll off her tongue. He was mesmerized by this midnight angel. He watched as she spoke into the night and a spreading warmth crept through his loins. So entranced by her charms he did not notice at first the second and third pair of hands beginning to strip him of his clothes. The feather light touches were fleeting but welcomed. 

Awareness of their presence first arose as a pair of luscious lips pressed warmly to his neck as another caressed his now naked chest. He looked down and was greeted by a set of thick dark eyelashes surrounding liquid pools of amber. Her hair, like molasses spread enticingly over the rest of his nakedness. Unaware of where this girl came from he looked to his blonde goddess for answers and instead met with almond shaped eyes the color of midnight. A laugh like bubbling champagne echoed over the clearing as his mistress came back into view. 

She stood in front of him, the moonlight behind her, showing the distinct outline of her body through her thin lavender gown. Immediately he felt himself stiffen at the vision she presented, a flush creeping into his cheeks at the full realization of his position. 

All three girls now stood before him like goddesses from some far off land. His long lashed friend with the delicious caramel colored skin kneeled in front of him sliding herself between his legs and up his body to slip her tongue inside his mouth. Accepting her kiss wasn’t a conscious decision but how could he resist? Her lush breasts heaved against him and his hard shaft pressed tightly against the junction of her thighs straining against the sheer fabric that acted as a barrier. After what seemed like an endless ride on her cinnamon kiss he felt her pull away. 

Before disappointment could set in her body slid down his and the plump bubble gum mouth of the mistress with the midnight eyes and fiery red hair settled into the crook of his neck and began to suckle gently. The sweet smells of their combined perfumes were intoxicating, he felt drunk but not hazy, the visions of these lovely ladies were clear as crystal. His eyes sought out the golden haired one and were met with an approving smile as she gazed down at him and the two concubines that were slowly, meticulously covering every inch of his body with their smoldering kisses. She stepped around the scene and knelt at his head smoothing his hair off his face, she whispered more words in the entrancing tongue that he didn’t recognize. She bent lower to whisper to him and nuzzled her supple breasts against his cheek. He moaned at the excruciating erotic touch and relaxed into a sleepy delirium as the three ladies moved around him touching, kissing, caressing.

The carousel of women continued for some time, each taking turns tasting his skin. The relaxed state slipped away as the kisses became more urgent and the heat of the bodies touching him increased. As if on command a breeze drifted into the circle blowing the thin sheers covering the girls away as if they were made of nothing but clouds. His eyes widened in appreciation as he gazed at the beautiful array of skin that lay before him. His blonde mistress with her moonlit glow and matching hair, his molasses candy still working on his lower half proudly displayed large breasts with dark rosy nipples, and of course the siren with long legs the color of warm honey. A sense of urgency pulsed through him as the trio shifted positions. It was now the spicy red head that knelt between his thighs and the other two lay on either side of him, taking turns kissing his mouth, his neck and upper body. He moved his hand over the smooth backsides of either girl beside him and moaned in appreciation of their skillful mouths. 

After a moment of watching sugar and spice tease and taste the third mistress dipped her head close to his swollen shaft. He could feel her breath on him and stilled in agonizing anticipation. Slowly she slid her tongue around the sensitive head, his breath quickening as he watched her. She gazed into his eyes as she pressed it to her lips and took him inside her mouth. He let out a quiet hissing sound as a billion nerves went off in his body like firecrackers. 

Staring intently at her while she sucked and swallowed his protruding flesh he failed to notice the other two had stopped their oral delights and were partaking of each other’s tender kiss. His gaze shifted to the two beauties above him wrapped in each other’s arms, a gentle exchange of lips. His pulsed quickened as their kiss deepened. The pale tresses clashed with chocolate curls as their tongues met in fevered passion. He watched in amazed silence as they sought out each other’s touch, ivory hands on dark skin, bronzed fingers tweaking pink rosy nipples. 

His focus shifted as the body between him took him out of her mouth and sat up. He could see her eyes on fire as she watched the exchange above her. Quickly she slid up the length of his body capturing the full lips of the golden mistress. Without uttering a sound the dark goddess moved behind her, pushing the fiery locks to the side began a trail of wet kisses down her body. Despite the absence of direct contact with his own body he felt strangely mingled with the tantalizing display of feminine sexuality. The languid movements of the women continued, draping each other with tender touches and wet kisses. Dark skin blended with light, crimson hair intertwined with coffee, each with their own scent mixed to create the seductive aroma of sex. He inhaled deeply, taking the intoxicating fragrance of the girls inside him.

Watching their hands and bodies slide over each other seeming to overlap their movements were so rhythmic, so in tune to everything around them. His senses were on fire, their supple skin brushing him, teasing him as they stroked each other. Slowly they began to include him in their pagan love fest, trading kisses with the others, sharing in the warmth of his mouth. Soon he felt the feather light kiss of his fair maiden on his engorged member and reached out to touch her hair. His fingers appeared to slip through it as though it were made of air. Before the puzzle could sink in the other two were partaking of his mouth again, slipping their saucy tongues inside his mouth, parrying with each other, licking his lips, taunting him. The exquisite torture seemed to go on forever. His body was becoming increasingly tenser with every kiss, with every touch and stroke. His natural instinct to bury himself in one of these fine angels was moving quickly through his head and he began to get restless.

She must have sensed his discomfort as the pagan princess with her lips wrapped so delicately around his shaft moved her body over his and he was suddenly engulfed in the sweetest sensation. She fit him perfectly, soft warm silk caressing him, clasped tightly around him. He watched as she tossed her head back, hair cascading down her back, breast jutting proudly under the glow of the moon. Both mistresses turned their attention toward her, taking her pointed nipples into their mouths, suckling as she rode him. His eyes widened in ecstasy as the women worked their magick on him. As good as the feeling of the blonde wrapped around his throbbing manhood felt, watching mistresses crimson and caramel was beyond his imagination. 

As each of the ladies nipped and sucked at each other’s breasts, they all took turns offering their most intimate caresses to his heated member. The same sweet silky embrace was the same, only the faces changed. He watched in amazement as the scarlet haired Amazon reached for the pale tuft of hair between the blonde’s legs. Gently she parted the slippery swollen lips and slid a finger inside. Probing for a moment she withdrew her hand and tasted the glistening drops that clung to her fingertip. A slow smile spread across the face of the coffee colored queen currently parlaying her technique on his ever-willing shaft. She too dipped a finger inside the fair one to taste of her essence. 

His mind was a-whirl of thoughts and sensation as the girls shifted positions again. He was now lying between the supple thighs of his golden goddess, his probing staff nestled at the tender opening of her womanhood. Unable to resist temptation, he slid inside her. She opened completely to him allowing him to bury himself deep inside her womb. As he surged in and out of her lithe body, the dark tendrils of his bronzed skin maiden brushed against his face while she explored his mouth once again. Hearing a muffled sound from the body beneath him, he glanced down to see her sweet mouth buried between the nether lips of the goddess before him. He watched as she pushed her tongue inside the girl, turned on beyond belief he drove harder into the wanton angel. 

Turning his head he found the siren kneeling next to him, her legs spread while the fingers of both women plied the wet lips eliciting subtle moans from her juicy mouth as it nibbled on his neck. Barely catching his notice, the breeze had picked up into a substantial wind, the leaves no longer a light fluttering but a racing scatter around the clearing. The trees bent to the whim of its call and the moon appeared to glow brighter, shining a spotlight down on the lustful foursome. Nails bit into his back as mistress mahogany’s cries reached a fevered pitch in answer to the golden goddesses expert tongue. As her cries reached higher it was the maiden of fire whose melodic tones coupled hers, together carrying on the wind the sounds of a powerful sexual energy. Encouraged by their throes of passion he drove deeper into the liquid hot chasm of the woman beneath him. Feeling her body contract around him, the air immediately charged seemed to explode inside the circle as her joyous calls joined her sisters. His body rife with unintelligible bliss released the long awaited orgasm, pouring himself into the fair maiden that first stirred his passion. 

Collapsing onto the girls, his body spent, his mind reeling. He lay motionless, only the sound of his ragged breathing echoed through the clearing. He lifted his head seeking out the alluring eyes of one of the witches that so captured him this evening; he found only shadows of the trees beyond. Quickly he sat up, glancing around him, searching for any sign of the ladies. Not a chocolate curl, nor a gossamer slip of lavender to be seen, he shook his head in disbelief. Gathering his clothes he wondered, briefly, could he have dreamt such a delicious trio? Keeping his eyes aware he finished dressing shrugging his shirt over his shoulders he winced in pain feeling the faint red welts left behind by nails gripping him in the throes of passion. Walking back toward where he first spotted the pale blonde he turned around tossing a questioning glance back at the circle where he’d lain with three seductresses only moments ago. Shaking his head once again he walked off, the echo of sultry giggles carried on the breeze behind him.