 My wife, Carol and I had separated about a year ago – thankfully it wasn’t one of those nasty, ‘I hate you’ kind of things, we’d just gotten to the point where the love was long gone and we both needed to find someone to love, not just have sex with. We’ve stayed fairly close and still get together on occasion for a drink or to watch a movie. Our sex life had been good through the marriage and while we still joked about it, we hadn’t been together sexually since our separation – up until a few weeks ago that is.

It was supposed to be a dinner for 4 – me, my girlfriend Dana, Carol and her new boyfriend Frank but the day before the dinner Dana & I got into a big fight that pretty much ended that relationship. Seeing as I had all the food bought and thawed I told them to come on over anyway. We had a few glasses of wine, a good supper and a few more glasses of wine before kicking back in the living room. We were all sitting on the couch with Carol in the middle. After talking for a while, Frank grabbed the remote to see what was on the satellite. As soon as he turned on the TV, I remembered I’d been watching one of the porn channels earlier but by then the image was already on the screen – and what an image it was! A fairly well hung guy was slowly but surely sliding his cock up the ass of a reasonably attractive girl. I wasn’t quite sure what to say but Frank saved me the trouble of thinking of something by saying, “I really doubt a woman would enjoy that.”

Well, I looked at my ex & she looked at me because we’d quite enjoyed doing just that (and a few other things as well) when we were together and she really enjoyed anal sex. In fact making love to her ass was one of the things I’d missed most since we separated. 

I wasn’t going to say anything, but just as Frank went to click to another channel, Carol asked him to leave it there for a minute so she could watch it. Surprised, Frank asked her if she liked the idea of anal sex. Well, I’m sure the wine had something to do with it, but I heard myself saying, “Like the idea? She loves to do it anally & so do I, but I haven’t been able to find another woman that has been willing to try.”

The conversation continued from there with Carol saying she missed it too but Frank saying he didn’t like the idea of putting his dick in someone’s ass. He kind of stopped there for a second and I figured that topic was over but then he kept going and said it might be exciting to watch. I kind of laughed and told him we were watching it – was I ever surprised when he almost blushed and kind of stuttered “I meant in person”.

I looked at Carol, she looked at me and we both looked at him, neither of us quite sure what to say. Things felt a little tense all of a sudden so I said jokingly, “I’d love to show you what it looks like to fuck a woman’s ass, but I don’t think Carol would be up to having her ex show you”

Surprisingly, Carol said, “Don’t be so sure, I’ve really missed getting it up the ass since you left, and toys just aren’t quite the same. If Frank’s serious, I’d be happy to show him.”

When Frank agreed, I went to the bedroom to grab some lube before anyone changed their mind. That concern pretty much disappeared when I came back and found them were kissing passionately on the couch, with her top already off and her bra undone. It felt kind of weird looking at my ex half naked on the couch with someone else but that quickly passed when Frank cupped both her breasts and said that there was one for each of us. I’m a very oral person so I happily started licking and sucking on her tit while Frank did the same with the other one. I’m not sure who undressed who or in what order, but soon we were all naked on the couch with Carol bobbing happily up and down on Franks cock while I searched out her asshole with a well lubed finger as I teased her wet slit with my tongue. Soon a second finger joined the first and after a few minutes of both her holes being pleasured I knew she was ready. When we were still together we’d often fantasized in bed about a threesome but it hadn’t gotten any further than that, now here we were separated and it looked like it was going to happen. We weren’t quite sure how to do it and still give Frank a good view so I moved to the floor and lay back with Carol sitting on my lap with her back to me. We’d done it this way before and she got off really better by being able to control the speed and depth of my cock in her ass. I’m no giant in the cock dept, just a bit under 7” but Franks eyes were pretty much bugged out as he watched his girlfriend slowly move up and down, taking a bit more of my cock in her ass each time. Soon I was in all the way and she was able to fuck her ass with my cock with the long slow strokes that we both liked so much. I knew I’d missed fucking her ass but it wasn’t until I felt the hot, slick tightness of it engulf my hardon that I realized just how much I’d missed it. 

While she was getting her ass stuffed, Frank was sitting on the couch stroking himself. “Wouldn’t you sooner have my mouth on your cock?” Carol asked.

No answer was really needed to that question and Frank got up off the couch and stood in front of her so she could take his hard cock into her mouth. After a few minutes of that, Carol pulled back from him, looked up and said, “I want you in my pussy at the same time.” It took a bit of manoeuvring, but finally Carol lay back on me which gave Frank the access he needed to slide into her wet pussy. I’d thought her ass felt tight before, but it was nothing compared to the feeling of tightness as I felt Frank’s cock penetrate her for her (and my) first threesome. Soon, all three of us were breathing heavily and I wasn’t sure about Frank but I knew I was getting close to cumming and I was pretty sure Carol was too. Frank must have been closer than I thought because it was only a minute or two later that he thrust deeply into her and as he moaned loudly I could feel his cock pulsing inside her. That was enough to set her off and as soon as her ass muscles started to twitch with her orgasm I couldn’t hold back any longer either & shot a huge load into her ass. 

As we pulled away from each other, I could see a steady trail of cum leaking from both her holes and pool on the floor. Carol turned and gave me a long hot kiss and then did the same to Frank. “See Frank,” she said, “I knew we’d be able to talk him into it”

All of a sudden it hit me…I’d been set up right from the start! Who knows, maybe I’ll be able to interest my next girlfriend into joining us for a dinner for four.