 This is the story of an adventure my lover, Roxie, and I had. We make quite the sexual team, Roxie and I. She knows how to please me to my fullest, and does so in a most magnificent way. For myself, no one knows how to make Roxie cum as hard, as much, or as well as I can make her. We simply adore each other and that just adds to our wonderful and satisfying relationship. We both have had several lovers in our past, some good, some not so good. We are both aware of each other's escapades in the times gone by, but there are still many adventures for the two of us to explore together.

Roxie is a gorgeous woman. Her nice Mediterranean complexion and a sweet, sexy smile make me weak in the knees all the time. The way she looks at me when we're together makes it a beautiful thing. She has an amazing mouth, a nice wet pussy, and an incredible pair of tits. This woman was made for me to love and for me to love to fuck . Talk about a perfect combination! As for me, Roxie tells me how my eyes look into her soul. She loves the feel of my big, bear-claw hands on her body, and my big hard, thick, "stocky" cock inside her. 

So now it's time for our adventure....or "sexual ambush." Before Roxie and I had met, I had a friend that I would visit once in a while, and give her a shag. Once Roxie and I had hooked up, I didn't "visit" anymore, but we still remained friends. One night, my friend, "FB," called me and said that she was feeling kind of naughty and if I could help her out. So I said some naughty things to her on the phone for which had excited her to several, very noisy, orgasms. You know, when you slip into the fantasy world of phone sex, you never really expect what you discuss to come about in reality....until this time.

I told FB that I was going to pay her a "visit." She told me that she would be sleeping, but that she would leave her door unlocked. I crept my way inside and made my way to her bedroom to find her sleeping. I leaned over her and kissed her as I removed her big t-shirt that she slept in. Her big tits were nice and warm as I ran my hands over them as we kissed. I moved her onto her back as I told her to lay back and enjoy. This time I had a surprise for her, I put a blindfold on her to elevate her senses. After the blindfold was in place and she was in position, I added to her surprise. I wasn't alone showing up at her house, I brought my love with me. I motioned to Roxie to come in and as she did, she was already sans clothing and ready to play.

We got on either side of her, as I grabbed one of FB's breasts to my lips, Roxie grabbed the other. Both our mouths were sucking on FB's big nipples. She let out a surprised, yet lustful gasp as we each sucked on her tits. Roxie and I both looked at each other with knowingly smiles. We knew right then and there that this little adventure was going to be a great success! We took turns kissing FB, making her moan. She was a little over-whelmed by it all at first since she was new to all this, but she went along. Roxie kissed her way down FB's body, stopping at her big pillowy tits, sucking on her large nipples. I just sat back and Roxie do her thing, and she does it well. She spread FB's legs wide, running her fingers over her sparsely red-haired pussy, making FB moan with delight. Roxie then slid down until her mouth was right her pussy. I could hear FB make that same gasp as earlier as Roxie slid her tongue through her pussy. Her blindfold still in place taking away any vision at all, which made her senses really take over. 

Roxie's tongue ran up and down over FB's pussy, make her squeal and squirm to her actions. FB was having the time of her life, never experiencing a woman's tongue on her pussy. Roxie then got out a vibrator and slid it inside of FB, fucking her as she licked her clit. This sent FB over the edge as her moans got louder and louder. Her hands were moving about, trying to grab hold of something, finally grabbing onto Roxie's hair as she pushed her pussy to her face and started to buck her pussy against Roxie. It was then that Roxie wrapped her lips around FB's clit and started sucking for all she's worth. FB's body started tightening and shaking uncontrollably getting closer and closer to cumming. Then, all of a sudden, FB's body stiffened up hard as her body released an orgasm never felt before. Her pussy flooding Roxie in her juices cumming so hard that her body just twitched for a little bit from all the aftershocks.

After FB recovered a little bit, maybe 3 minutes, they made a move towards me, laying me back and now my turn for the blindfold. Both sets of hands were stroking my cock, sliding all over, and stroking my balls gently. This brought my hard cock to life. I could feel both tongues sliding over my cock, bathing me with their tongues. I could feel one wrap her lips around me taking me in, only to be followed by the other mouth moving up and down on me. I knew we were short on time and we had some fucking to do. So Roxie took over the blindfold and laid down. Her wonderful big tits standing at full attention, as a devilish, lustful smile took over her lips. A beautiful site to see no doubt. FB positioned herself over Roxie, rubbing her big tits on her, nipple to nipple. They kissed for a little while, sharing tongues. Kissing harder, deeper, very hot sex kisses. All I could think of was, "Game on baby!" FB slid down Roxie's body, kissing her way down, stopping at her tits. Her lips wrapped around each nipple giving it the attention anyone should, should they encounter Roxie's gorgeous tits. From there, FB slid down further, making Roxie squirm about in anticipation for what's ahead. 

FB kissed around Roxie's pussy, until she spread her legs nice and wide, and then now it's go time. Her tongue lapped over Roxie's lips making them open like flower awaiting a sexy tongue to bathe them. FB slid her tongue over Roxie's hard clit, licking her up and down. Roxie is well known for her loud histrionics in bed (just ask her neighbors -- and mine for that matter!), and this was no different. Her cries and moans were of a woman in complete pleasure as FB did not disappoint. You know, for a woman that has never been with another woman in bed before, she sure seems to know her way around a wet pussy! When FB was up on all fours licks my Roxie, I just couldn't resist. I told Roxie when we were first going out, that I was going to fuck the woman that licks her pussy, so here I am.

I moved over to Roxie, as she was being attended to, and offered her my cock to suck. She willfully and gleefully obliged as she opened her mouth to take in my hardening cock. I slid it in and out of her mouth as she got it all nice and wet and ready for me to do some fucking. So I move in behind FB as she spreads for me, and rub my cock against her pussy. Roxie is watching this and it is having a distinct influence on her advancing pleasure. My cock is ripe and hard now, all licked up and ready to go. I move it around FB's pussy, making her give out a little moan, getting the head all real wet and ready to fuck. I push my cock in ever so slowly, she's a tight fit as I push it in deeper. Her hot pussy adjusting to my thickness as I push it in and out. Every stroke getting deeper and deeper. I look up to see Roxie's face staring back to me with some intense lust going on. Her body is beginning to move about some, enjoying the busy tongue-lashing she's getting from FB. I start fucking hard, pounding FB's face hard into Roxie's pussy each time. FB's lips wrap around Roxie's clit and starts to suck on it. Roxie started thrashing about as she looks to me, watching me fuck the girl that's licking her -- hard. I grab FB's ass and start pounding deeper into her pussy, over and over, again and again. I see Roxie's familiar look as she's about to explode. Her body shaking fast and hard as FB sucks on her clit faster. Her body tightens up hard and she releases in to a mind blowing orgasm.

After Roxie subsides, she moves over to me, fingering FB as I fuck her. Well upon all else, as Roxie fingers her, FB starts to get real warm and tight in there, putting the clamp on my cock with her pussy. I fuck her harder and harder, pounding her pussy over and over. My cock starts to swell inside her. I can feel FB's body tightening with every stroke inside her as she stiffens into an orgasm of her own, flooding my cock with her hot pussy. I fucked her harder, pounding deep -- I knew I was ready to cum. I pulled out of her as Roxie moved over in front of me, I let out a big groan as my cock shot out gobs and gobs of cum. I covered Roxie's face and FB's ass. I've always been known to be a big shooter, and I seemed to live up to my reputation with the amount of cum all over the place. Roxie clean herself up as she wiped the cum from her face and into her mouth. From there she licked FB clean of my cum from her body.

We all collapsed in a big pile of naked flesh, fully satisfied and content. What started as a little sneaky activity turned into a very successful sexual event that will always make each of us smile as we think of it. We got ourselves into a group hug as I introduced FB to Roxie, just for the formality of it, and then they shared a nice deep, passionate kiss. We said our goodbyes as Roxie and I went on our way. FB and I have remained friends, but that was the last time we had any physical contact. As for Roxie and myself, well we share a wonderful love that keeps growing day by day. And as for the potential of another sexual ambush....well time will tell....we're thinking about another couple this time....any volunteers?