 Roxie had called me and told me that she met this very sexy girl at the rock club. She had a lot of the attributes that Roxie likes to see in a woman. Well actually there are only two, long hair and big tits-- and she had them both! Roxie told me that her name is Angela and that she was a friend of a friend and wondered if she was "game." So Roxie decided to test the waters, so to speak. She told me that she brushed up against her to catch some kind of reaction, much like a test of the prey. It seemed that Angela may be receptive to Roxie's attention, albeit intentionally subtle. Angela took the bait and asked Roxie if she would meet her in the bathroom. Now if you were wondering why women never go into a bathroom alone....well they do have their reasons I'm sure. Angela and Roxie entered the small bathroom together and locked the door behind them.

Angela backed Roxie into the corner of the little room as if to scold her for the demonstrative flirting that Roxie might have thought was subtle. She asked Roxie, "So you like touching me do you?" Roxie just nodded in uncertainty of her reaction. "Did you rub your body on me to see if I would play along?" Roxie still not sure how to handle this situation wondering if Angela was offended by her actions. "Instead of doing all that, why didn't you just kiss me?" A smile comes across Roxie's face as Angela pressed her lips against hers in a nice, sexy, womanly kiss. Their lips pressed together with increased passion as their tongues slid across each other's. Roxie loves to kiss women as well as men and she does so with great pleasure. As the kisses increased, so did the passion. As the passion increased, so did the sexual desire.

Roxie broke the kiss as Angela slid her hands over Roxie's large, full breasts. Her hands were filled with Roxie's wonderful tits as she began to knead and caress them. Her nipples rock hard with pleasure as her breathing increased its pace. Angela unbuttoned Roxie's blouse to expose her lovely treasure chest. Her tongue followed her hands as she began to lick into Roxie's cleavage. The girls turned around so Angela was against the wall now as Roxie started to make her moves now. She reached over Angela's skin-tight T-shirt to feel her nice firm tits. I can only imagine the look on Roxie's face when she first got a handle of Angela's tits -- I'm sure it would be like most when they get what they want for Christmas! She slid her hands underneath Angela's shirt to find her beautiful tits cradled in a soft, thin bra. The great thing about thin bras is that you can still feel those nipples harden thru the fabric -- it's a good thing.

The girls going at it hot and heavy as Roxie undoes Angela's pants and slides her fingers down towards her pussy. She can feel the warmth of Angela's pussy as her fingers traveled South. Roxie slid her fingers across Angela's pussy feeling how wet she is. Her fingers began to explore her wetness by sliding one up inside her making her moan slightly. She pushed it in deeper making her moan a little louder and higher, wiggling her finger in and out of her. Roxie then moved her fingers towards her clit. Her clit was very wet and very hard. Angela was holding on tight as Roxie began rubbing her clit. Her hips grinding on her fingers, breathing hard, panting. -- her body shaking. Roxie rubbed her clit faster, holding her tight, feeling her getting closer to cumming. Angela wrapped herself around Roxie as her body started quaking and convulsing into a huge orgasm. She suddenly stiffened up hard and then her body released as her pussy flooded Roxie's fingers with her cum. 

When Roxie told me about their activity in the restroom, she said that Angela's orgasm was one of the most sexiest things she's ever witnessed -- let alone being a participant of. I asked her if she was going to bring Angela home with her and she said that she had to go, but they did exchange phone numbers and addresses with the promise of getting together again. I said cool and that we should set up a play date to have some fun. Roxie was all for that and said we definitely should set something up. Time goes by as do the opportunities for our chances with Angela, as one weekend after another go by so we just figured well she must not want to mess around with us after all -- things can happen that way, which is why it's so much easier to be impulsive for the moment than to plan an event such as a threesome or more some. We all know that.

One weekend, Roxie had to go to one of her Company's "Schmooze-Fests" and I decided to stay home apologizing for missing out on all the excitement of watching her drunken co-workers entertain each other with stupid pick-up lines and to see Ralph in Accounting do his special Macarena trying to impress some lolly from Customer Service. So I regrettably passed and Roxie said her goodbyes after giving me a very nice blow job. She always likes to leave with my taste in her mouth -- I tell her it's so she doesn't kiss any of the boys. She gave me a wink as she went out the door.

After she left, I went a took a shower to get myself all cleaned up and smelling good for my baby when she gets home to give her some good loving. As I was drying off, I heard a knock at the door. I threw on some shorts and a T-shirt to answer the door. I opened the door to a rather hot woman with nice long hair and big tits, and I was thinking........could it be? I said hello and she asked if Roxie was here. Now as you read this, I want you to feel the very awkward pause I felt as my thoughts were spinning around and around, running through the various realms of possibilities that stood before me. I had to regroup and regain my composure without being obvious, of course. When I finally got my brain in line with reality, I asked her, "Have we met?" She replied, "I've met your girlfriend Roxie, I'm Angela." Back to the awkward pause and swirling of cranial activity and again I try to regain my composure and say, "Well hello Angela, come on in!" 

She entered the room and I offered her some wine. She gladly accepted and then asked, "Where's Roxie, is she here?" I said that she was expected to return in a while and asked her if she would like to hang out until she comes home. She readily agreed to stick around, which of course, activated the little demons in my head reminding me of the goings on between her and Roxie in their previous encounter. A certain stirring in my thin shorts has begun as my imagination is now trying to enter into my reality -- and it is a very welcomed event. I poured Angela a glass of some nice Zin and sat on the opposite end of the sofa from her, appearing to be non-intrusive. We engaged in some small talk, like finding out where she's from and then her asking me how Roxie and I had met, the usual break-the-ice chit-chat. She went on to say how nice and friendly and also how hot and sexy she found my girlfriend to be and she is looking forward to seeing her again. I told her that Roxie had a lot of nice things to say about her as well, like how soft her hair and skin is, and especially how nice it felt to kiss her. Angela acted a little surprised by my assertions and then seemed to blush a little and bite her lower lip. You know, being one who can read body language fairly well, this book just opened up to page one.

As we continued on with our conversation, Angela, maybe feeling a little of the Zinfandel, decided to step up the subject matter to break up some of this sexual tension, "So Roxie says you're quite the lover in bed. Is this true?" Well a million of brilliant comeback lines were ready to answer this one, but I felt simple was better, "Absolutely!" was my response. "And I hear that not to mention your very skilled tongue, you have quite a nice cock as well!" Upon hearing that, I thought of Roxie. Would she mind if I entertained our guest until she came home? Then I thought....hmmmm...she had sex with her, so why can't I? So to comment on Angela's remark on my cock, I said, "Wouldn't you like to know!" As I stand up, Angela moves towards me. She stands up in front of me, our eyes locking together as she gets real close to me. We look into each other's eyes as her hand reaches down and cups my package, getting a nice feel, as her hand gently squeezes me. She takes in a deep breath, followed by a sexy sigh, as she strokes my cock through my shorts. The thin material can't conceal the increasing bulge forming in my shorts. Her fingers running up and down my enlarging member, making me grow and grow, getting me harder and harder.

"Mmmmmm it feels nice and thick," Angela says, "I can't wait to feel it in my mouth!" All I could say to that is, "I can't wait either!" From there, Angela slid down to her knees in front of me, still stroking my hard cock through my shorts. Her fingers reached up and hook the waistband of my shorts and then pulled them down, releasing my very hard cock from its restraints from the fabric. A smile comes across her face as she wraps her fingers around my thick shaft. Her soft hands felt nice as she slid her hand up and down my cock, stroking me, twisting her hand as she did -- the feeling was incredible. Her lips kissed the head and then she looked up at me and smiled, followed by her mouth opening up and taking me in. Her warm mouth sliding over my cock was wonderful as my cock moved in and out of her mouth, getting me all wet and slick, making it easier for her hand to stroke me as she sucked me. She took me in deeper with me feeling the back of her throat with my cock. She held me there, and then she opened her mouth a little more so she could take my cock into her throat. Her mouth felt so good as I held her head to my cock and started to pump her some. I was fucking her mouth faster and faster, my cock was beginning to swell inside her mouth. She sensed this and started pumping me faster, wrapping her hand around me, stroking me. She could feel me expanding more and more in her mouth as she kept going. I grabbed her head and fucked her mouth faster and faster. I felt myself tightening as I was getting ready to cum. She felt me and then pushed me in deep, pumping faster. I couldn't hold back any longer as I started pumping gobs and gobs of cum into her mouth which she greedily swallowed. She kept sucking me until the last remaining drops of cum escaped my cock. My knees felt weak as I fell back onto the couch so I could regain my strength.

My rest was short, because it was my turn to explore this woman just like my girlfriend did a while back. I took her by the hand to our bedroom. She stood as my hands began to work their magic. The first thing I had to do was to alleviate her from some of her clothing to put her into a much more accessible environment. In other words, I have to get her naked and have my way with her! I started to unbutton her top. It was a simple white, buttoned-down blouse with some in descript embroidery, made a nice contrast to her tanned skin. My lips followed my fingers as I undid her top and push it past her shoulders. She had a nice thin bra that was quickly discarded revealing to me a very nice set of tits. They were nice and round, full, soft, and capped off with very hard protruding nipples. My hands and lips were all over her awesome tits, caressing, licking, sucking, anything and everything and more. With every touch from my hands, and every kiss from my lips, and every lick from my tongue, Angela's moans were getting increasingly louder and more passionate every time. I knew I had a hot woman on my hands. Inside, I was really hoping that Roxie would show up real soon so I could share this moment with her, and with her assistance, but the heat was on and I was enjoying this way too much to slow down, let alone stop and wait for her.

I moved lower down her body, removing the remainder of her clothing on my way down. My lips kissed down her stomach, slowly and deliberately, her body writhing in anticipation from my mouth on her skin. I ran my mouth over her hips, her thighs, and just above her pussy. I figured now that I have her in such a vulnerable position, it's time to really give her a good tease and drive her wild. Roxie knows all about this technique, because she gets it every time we're in bed together. I open Angela's legs nice and wide. Her legs are nice and long, with her skin very soft and tanned, and her pussy very trimmed, clean around the lips, made for some nice licking, for which I am about to do. I started on her pussy with my fingers, letting them dance close to her pussy, then dragging them gently on her thighs sliding backwards. I move back towards her pussy, spreading my index and middle finger straddling her pussy. I slide them up and down over her smooth lips, making her hips move around as if to guide my fingers to her pussy. When this happens, as Roxie can attest I'm sure, it just makes me want to tease her more. She's really getting wet now, as I can see her moisture glistening on her lips. I lean in and blow on Angela's pussy, followed by my palm tapping over her mound -- oh I do enjoying teasing a woman's pussy, the rewards are excellent! As I kiss my way towards her pussy, Angela's gyrations and moans increase. So I gently flick my tongue over her now swollen lips, making her twitch a little and give out a sudden moan of pleasure, which is music to my ears.

My hands part her legs and push them back as I push my tongue inside her. Her pussy tastes so good because it is so wet and ready. I slide my tongue in and out of her wetness, pushing in deep as I can, wiggling it inside her, fucking her with my tongue. Angela's pussy is so wet and so hot for more, so I decide to take care of her frustrations. I slide my tongue up through her wet slit, almost to her clit and stop. I moved up to look at her, seeing her in a state of anticipated pleasure, and asked, "Didn't you say that Roxie told you that I have a talented tongue?" She looked at me and let out an exasperated uh -huh, which put a little devilish grin on my face -- as if to move in and totally dominate. I look up at her, then lowered my head to quickly flick my tongue over her clit. She moved in a jolt of pleasure, so I do it again, and again, and again. Angela raised her hips to my face as I slid my hands under her ass to support her. From there, I felt it's time to go for it completely. I slid my tongue across her pussy in a nice long lick. She let out a moan of relief that quickly turned into many moans of desire as my tongue started working over her clit. My tongue started sliding up and down over her clit, swirling around and around. Her clit got so hard as I circled it all over with my tongue, licking up the side, across the top, to the other side, then directly over the front of it. Angela grabbed my hair as her moans got louder and louder. My lips wrapped around her clit, pulling on it, sucking on it, flicking my tongue on it. Her body started shaking and breathing started getting faster as I licked her faster and faster. I felt her cry out loud as her body stiffened up tight as her pussy exploded, covering my mouth in her juices for which I was happy to lick up. She came so hard, her body just went limp, as she was just sprawled on the bed. I moved up to her face and gave her a nice deep kiss so she could taste her pussy off my tongue. She kissed me back good and hard, holding my face to her.

After our kissing, I moved my cock up to her face so she could get me ready to fuck. She readily wrapped her lips around me, sucking me in. She moved me on my back as she slid her mouth up and down my cock. It felt so good as she was getting my cock ready to fuck her. Her hand slid up and down me until she felt that I was ready -- it didn't take long -- I can always rise to the occasion. Angela moved over me and straddled me. She rubbed my cock on her pussy to get it all lubed up with her juices. She lowered herself onto my cock, pushing it inside her, sliding it in. Her hot pussy just wrapped itself around my hard thick cock. I could feel my cock opening her up as she slid down some more taking me deeper, until she took me in all the way. She settled in on top of me, holding my cock deep inside her pussy, waiting for her pussy to relax enough to ride me. She leaned forward as she moved her hips up and down fucking me. I could feel her big tits against my chest as she rode me. Her hips pushed down on me as I reached around her to grab her waist and push in deeper. She let out a gasp as I got deeper inside her, holding her hips as I fucked her from underneath. I thought I heard a noise in the room, and as I looked around Angela, I could see Roxie watching us. It was hard to tell if she was mad at me or just a little surprised, or both. Whichever it was, there wasn't much I could do about it at the time as Angela kept riding me hard, moaning loud, and thrashing about all over me. I knew she was ready to cum, so I fucked her hard along with her, while keeping an eye out on Roxie, as she still wasn't showing her cards. Her look was that of an observer, almost studying the goings on watching two people fucking hard in front of her.

I could feel Angela's pussy tightening on my hard cock, so I grabbed her hands and pulled her down on me as I drove into her hard, fucking her real deep. I could feel her cumming as her pussy gushed all over my hard cock, covering me just like she did when I licked her. Again I looked over at Roxie, who still had a very studious look on her face. So I got out from underneath Angela and got behind her. Angela still hasn't seen Roxie in the room yet, and as I got behind her, I motioned to Roxie to come join us. Roxie just nodded at me and gestured for me to continue on. So I put my cock against Angela's pussy from behind and drove it into her. Angela let out another gasp as I started sliding in and out of her. I always like to start slow, and then the speed and momentum pick up. This was no different, as my cock pushed into her deep, giving her long, deep strokes. Her pussy felt so good around my cock as I fucked her over and over. I grabbed her ass and pulled her back on me with every stroke - fucking her harder and harder, deeper and deeper. I felt my cock beginning to swell, so I started to give her the jack-hammer, fucking hard, pounding her pussy with all my might. Angela just braced herself as I could feel her cumming some more, crying out in pleasure. I looked back again at Roxie, who still hasn't changed her _expression, which had me a bit bewildered. So I just looked back at her, almost as if in defiance, and slammed Angela harder. I was watching Roxie as I pounded away at Angela's pussy. I felt myself ready to shoot, so I pulled out of her and shot my load all over Angela's back, covering her in my cum, shooting spurt after spurt all over her. Angela then just collapsed face first on the bed as I rolled off her and collapsed on my back right next to her.

I looked over to Roxie to see if she had any thoughts or comments on her observations, and she looked at me and said, "Interesting." Then she left the room. I just laid back feeling pretty spent thinking to myself, "I wondered what she meant by that......?"