 "Are you sure about this," Roger wheezed as he scrambled up through the tangled of brush. He fell heavily when his grip on the shrub was lost.

"Yeah, I'm sure," breathed Jack almost as exhausted as his friend. 

"It's kinda hard to believe the story though."

"Look," Jack glared at him pausing to rest. "I knew that old man for a long time and he never lied to me before. Let's rest for a bit before going the rest of the way."

"I'll drink to that, but my canteens empty."

"I told you to save your water dummy. Here, have some of mine."

Roger took a deep swallow nearly dropping the container when it was ripped from his fingers.

"Hey, take it easy. If this story is true I'll need those later. I still can't quite believe it. A bunch of women living so far in the hills and no men?"

"That's what Frank told me just before he died. I know, I didn't believe him either until he showed me the pictures he brought back."

"Yeah the pictures. Let me see them again."

"You're going to wear them out looking," Jack laughed handing him the packet.

"Here, this one," Roger almost panted pointing to one woman standing near the end of a line of others. There were six in all. "I want this one. Man has she got a great set of knockers and legs long enough to keep me from falling out."

They laughed at his joke then Jack began retelling the story Frank had told him. He had become lost in the mountains. No food, no water and a broken leg. He had crawled for two days looking for water while living on what few nuts and berries he could find or reach. At dawn of the third day he lay totally exhausted and thought he was dreaming when he saw the face of a woman looking down at him. His first thought was he had died and gone to heaven, but heaven, he was sure, wouldn't have such a lovely naked woman like this.

Frank had weakly turned his head and saw three more just as lovely and equally naked women. He tried to smile but his parched lips cracked and began to bleed. Just before he lost conscientiousness he saw and felt their hands lifting him as they carried him away. Later that afternoon he woke to find still a different woman sitting next to him. When she noticed his eyes opening she moved closer and told him to relax. Nothing was going to happen to harm him and that they, she and the others, would do all they could to bring him back to health. Frank lifted his head and saw his leg was firmly held by sticks and the pain was gone. Obviously somebody knew enough to set the brake and apply splints. 

A few minutes later he was surrounded by five more women. His first thoughts from that morning of them being naked was quickly changed. All wore a small loin cloth covering their privates but there was no evidence of any other clothing. In fact it looked like they had never worn any as each was nicely tanned and the occasional natural flash of upper thigh revealed skin much lighter as if the sun hadn't touched it. He looked around the group and noticed all were very lovely, no, they were beautiful and the use of any make-up would have taken away that natural loveliness.

"That's all well and good, but get to the good part," Roger said with impatience.

"Keep your pants on," Jack retorted.

As Frank was given water and food he found himself becoming very tired. He slept through the night and woke the next morning still with one of the women staying at his side. This one, her name was Amanda, lay just close enough he could touch her. She didn't jerk or scream as he gently touched her arm, she simply rose and helped him to drink more water. Having slaked his thirst he started to ask questions, but she stopped him saying it would be better if Heather talked to him. Amanda left and quickly returned bringing Heather. Frank had so many questions but she told him to wait. She would explain everything.

All of the women were very close to the same age, about thirty, she told him. They had been flying with a group of other girls when the plane developed engine trouble. The pilot and managed to crash land the plane but as fate would have it only the six of them survived. She and the others couldn't understand why they had been spared and none of the rest. Except for bumps, bruises and few scraps none of them was really hurt. Amanda said she was ten at the time but only guess at her age now. As for the reason they remained in this place was because all were very frightened at the time. There had been plenty of food and other supplies on the plane and they were sure a rescue attempt would be made bringing them back to safety very soon. The weeks pasted, she continued, and they soon lost hope of rescue but still couldn't bring themselves to venture out. No votes were taken and it was just assumed that Amanda would be in charge since she seemed to be the only one capable of really understanding. She had formed them into a very tight knit group. Surprisingly one of the girls had found several books on survival. They read them and soon had built their camp complete with very sturdy shelters.

Knowing the area Frank quickly understood why they had never been found. This mountain was in an extremely remote area well off the beaten path. The airlines never flew over this spot and seldom could you see a private plane in the sky, hence they had become marooned surrounded by a dense forest. He wondered why smoke from their cooking fires hadn't been spotted until he looked outside. The main fire pit was deep enough he couldn't see the fire from his position and there was almost no smoke. What little there was would quickly dissipate long before it reached to tops of the trees.

A couple of days later Frank found himself feeling very grungy to the point the could begin to smell his own body odor. When Heather came in that morning, it seem she had been delegated the responsibility of his care, he asked if he could have some hot water and a cloth. She immediately knew why and fetched the supplies. Thinking she would leave Frank sat up as best he could preparing to bath, but Heather had other ideas. She explained that it would be her giving him the bath and when done he was to wear the loin cloth she showed him. It was, naturally, much larger then those the women wore but he could see it would easily cover his privates nicely.

Now, as Jack knew, Frank was an extremely modest man. He told her it wasn't really necessary that he could mange well enough by himself, but Heather wouldn't let him have his way. She helped him remove what remained of his shirt and began working on his tattered pants. The cloth of his broken leg had long since been cut away very close to his crotch. It was a simple matter of unbuttoning and pulling down the zipper then gently tugging the pants down his legs. Since Frank never wore shorts his hands quickly moved to cover his nakedness between his legs. He almost snickered at the small audible gasp Heather let out just before he managed to hide himself. 

She began at his chest using soap and warm water, slowly moving lower and washing his belly. Moving lower she cleaned the unhurt leg and then was so very gentle with the broken one. All the time, Frank had told Jack, he watched as her breasts wiggled and moved as did she. He could feel himself becoming aroused and much harder to hide it from her. When she had finished with the rest of his body Heather had insisted he remove his hands so she could complete the job. Frank hesitated but finally closed his eyes to keep from staring at her almost total nakedness and moved his hands to the side. Again he heard the soft gasp as she obviously saw his exposed organ and family jewels. She was gentle being very careful so as not to cause him any discomfort, but still he grew with the soft touch of her fingers.

 As he was about to beg her to stop he felt her fingers gripping his rapidly growing erection. She whispered for him to be quiet and lay still. Heather told him that even though she had never seen or been with a naked man she knew what was happening to him from more books they had read. She also knew what it would take to please him as her small fist began moving up and down his now turgid shaft. Her other hand cupped and squeezed his jewels helping him to more quickly rise to climax. It didn't take long before Frank felt the familiar feelings coursing through his body starting at his toes and rapidly working their way to his groin. His grunting alerted Heather to his impending eruption and she was ready for her first sexual experience. Frank's hips lifted, his body became rigid as he began to empty his scrotum. 

Heather watched with fascination as thick hot ropes spurted from the tip of his organ that she kept pumping. Again and again she watched as more of his white cream flew into the air to land on his chest and, as the spurts grew weaker, his belly. When no more came out Heather held his organ as it began to grow limp, pulling and squeezing the last few drops from his body. Sexually sated Frank sighed with contentment as Heather again cleaned his privates.

Later that day Amanda came in to visit and see how he was coming along. She asked if what Heather had done for him was good and all Frank could do was agree. She also noticed he kept staring at her chest and naked breasts, his arousal again becoming apparent beneath the loin cloth he now wore. It was lifting and she knew it was his manhood causing it. When she asked if he needed more attention Frank moved the cloth to one side exposing himself. As with Heather, Amanda gasped seeing his organ. Without even asking she wrapped her fingers around his shaft feeling it becoming harder as his heartbeat throbbing through the tight skin. Asking if it hurt when it became so hard he replied only if it isn't relieved. Amanda did as Heather had done, moving her hand up and down slow at first then more rapidly as she heard his breathing become more labored. Since all had read the books she knew what and why as she continued to pump faster on his organ. She felt the heat between her legs and also knew the why but was yet unwilling to succumb to the pleasure she had never known. When she felt him thicken and become even harder Amanda lowered her head and took him between her lips. It was something she had read in a magazine the others hadn't seen. It had explain in detail how much a man enjoyed having his penis taken by the warm, wet and hot mouth of a woman. Remembering the rest she had read Amanda began bobbing her head taking well over half of him into her mouth. She felt an additional swelling of his organ, then the rapid hot blasts of his climax. Instinctively she began to swallow as his cream forced her cheeks to bulge from having to hold so much. The taste, something very new, was exciting and she determined it was good. Over and over she took his seed while sucking, trying to pull all he had to give. She felt him begin to soften as his orgasm ended. He slipped from her lips and she licked what little had managed to escape revealing in the texture of his creamy seed and the exquisite taste.

Afterwards Frank thanked her and asked if she, or any of the others, had ever had real sex. Amanda reminded him they were very young when marooned and since there had never been a man around how could any of them be less than a virgin. He began to think this was paradise and images of him deflowering all six raced through his lust filled mind. Could it be, he wondered, that his time left on earth would be filled with the having of six incredibly gorgeous sexy women? He certainly hoped it would be true.

A month passed by and Frank had yet to have intercourse with any of the women. All during that time each had pleasured him by hand and orally, but as yet he hadn't convinced them into full sex. Then Amanda became ill. She had developed an extreme fever, enough to worry the normally calm Frank. As her condition rapidly grew worse he told the others he would try and find a way out to get help. His leg had recovered enough he could walk with the aid of a long stick. He set out amid the crying of what he had become to think of as his girls. Packing enough dried food for a week and plenty of water he started to make his way down the mountain. Close to the bottom he had fallen re-braking his leg. During the night infection set in and the next day was absolute torture, the pain causing him to pass out several times. At last he made his way to civilization, but he was to sick to tell of the women high up on the desolate mountain.

Jack had come to help him recover, but he could see it was only a matter of time before his old friend died. In the mean time Frank told him the story and begged him to find the women and bring them safely back down. Jack promised and that's why he and Roger were resting, trying to regain the energy to continue.

* * * * *

There it is, dear readers, the first part of this most amazing story. Just relating it to you exhausts me and I'm forced to take a brake. I hope you like this first installment and there will be more as I'm compelled to tell the entire story. Please, if you like what really happened let me know, but don't try and suggest something that didn't take place. What I relate to you was told to me by Roger in his later years and I couldn't possibly change what he, Jack and Frank experienced. 

Yours faithfully, 

Trog 