 Sexplorations - Episode 4 - The Vacation Part 3

Susan

When John suggested that Rita serve us I felt a strong twinge of excitement, I sometimes really get turned on by playing different roles. The idea that Rita was going to do our bidding started up different scenarios and fantasies in my head. I wasn't sure which one to select and John had already given Rita her first instructions so I decided to bide my time and see what developed. Anyway, John's 'command' sounded quite good to me, there are times when I really enjoy holding and kissing and now I was going to have that as well as simultaneous attention to my pussy and clitoris. I felt tingly all over as John and I started to kiss. I twisted my hips around so Rita could get to me easily. When was she going to start? I could feel her hair on my thigh, when I looked down I saw her licking and sucking on John's prick. Her eyes were closed as she worked on him, but I could see from the expression on her face that she was really enjoying this. I felt myself becoming more aroused and so I began to kiss John more passionately. I don't know how Rita knew this, if she did at all, but I was soon rewarded by her tongue gently caressing my labia.

She proceeded in a slow way, which I really liked. Even though I was feeling more passionate, I was ready and willing for this to go on for awhile, to let it build up slowly. Sometimes that pace can lead to a truly wonderful climax, kind of like what happens in Ravel's Bolero. Anyway, Rita continued to excite John and I as she moved her mouth and tongue back and forth between us. When she was licking John she didn't totally abandon me - her fingers played with and teased my labia and clitoris. I began to feel really wet inside and Rita's licking me didn't keep me clean for long.

I began to really need to have John in me. One of my fantasies resurfaced so I said to John, "Roll over on your back, I want to ride you, and Rita can keep licking the two of us as your prick slides in and out of me." What I really wanted was to get John in me, ride him, flex on him, and then get Rita to tongue my anus. I really like to have my anus messed with and this will give me a great chance to have a prick in my pussy and a tongue in my anus at the same time.

I rode John's prick slowly which gave Rita plenty of time and access to our hot genitals. Her tongue continued to delight me and I soon began to really want to put my fantasy into action. I paused for a moment with John fully in me and said to her, "Rita, it's time I got some more attention from you. Since you can't reach my clitoris in this position it seems the only thing left for you to do is to give me a rim job. Tongue my ass!" She moaned when I said this, I could see how to really turn up the sexual heat on her with strong words. I don't like talking like that as much as John does, but getting that kind of response from her turned me on.

Her tongue on me was delightful, it was great, it was wonderfully tender and arousing. She really knew how to use it to keep me excited, to make me want more, to wish that it would go on forever. I began to focus more and more on her tongue and so I slowed my movements on John to let that tongue work its magic. I had to have more, I needed more - "Put your tongue in me," I pleaded. As I pulled my buttocks apart with my hands John began to strongly squeeze my breasts. I was really beginning to get high on this, and then Rita's tongue burrowed into my anus! I laid down on John and held still, except for my pelvic muscles flexing like crazy on John's prick and Rita's tongue.

I felt like I could open up and take more of what could be offered. I pushed back towards Rita and she responded by getting her tongue deeper into me. I was on a high plateau of sexual energy and arousal and I began to moan almost continuously. Rita heard me and responded with her own muffled groans, John started to squeeze and pinch my nipples very hard. It wasn't exactly painful, but it had an edge to it and then I knew what I wanted, what I had to have.

"Rita, go get some vaseline or K-Y jelly," I stammered. She reluctantly paused in her anal attentions. "Quick, hurry up, I want to have a big climax, a really big climax!" I almost shouted at her. She looked a little surprised at the tone in my voice, but then I could see her eyes burn brighter with passion. She was gone and back very quickly and then looked at me for more instructions.

"Spread it on my ass. Grease up my ass, inside and out. Then grease up your hand, your wrist, your arm. Then slowly begin to insert one finger, then two. Pump them in and out, then add another, and another. I want to be fist fucked in my ass while I ride John's prick to a fantastic climax!" My guts were trembling as I said this, I was beside myself with lust. Rita's face was glowing with lust too, everything I had said to her had obviously excited her tremendously. John was also responding to my wantonness - my nipples were getting pinched unmercifully.

When her greased hand began to rub my anus I almost fainted. My feelings were sweeping over me at a feverish pace. And then she began to grease the sphincter, and then moved inside with more lubricant. She was doing a good job of exciting and teasing me. I slowly pulled myself off of John's prick - I wanted to give Rita a chance to get in without the extra presence of his hard penis. But I would slip it back into me as soon as I could.

"Hurry up, it's greased enough," I whispered. I was feeling more and more beside myself, I had to make this happen, the itch was getting stronger and stronger, more and more insistent. I looked at her and her face showed that she understood it was time to do it. She quickly began to slide two fingers in and out, she kept rotating them around to stretch and relax the anus. Then she added the other two fingers at the same time that she slowed the pace of her thrusts. I knew she was about to do it so I pushed back onto her hand. Her hand became more and more insistent in the pressure it applied, and then it was in! She paused for a minute, then said, "Is it OK? Are you alright?"

I appreciated her concern, but I was fine and ready to go. I looked down at John and he immediately answered my look by beginning to slide his prick back into me. It was tight, deliciously tight, at the same time that I felt that I was opening up.

"I'm fine, real fine, and I am ready for more of everything. Are you going to fuck my ass or not? Are you going to grab onto John's prick and massage it as he fucks my hot, wet pussy?" I demanded. Once again my lewd talk lit a spark in Rita, and John, and even me. She began to move her hand farther in, and farther in. And then Rita joined in with some lewd words of her own, spoken between clenched teeth and with sharp intakes of breath.

"My wrist is in, Susan and your ass feels tight and smooth. And yes, I am going to fuck you, I'm going to tickle your tonsils, I'm going to put it so far in you'll beg and cry for mercy even when you ask and plead for more. Is it full enough yet? How about some more? Should I stop when I reach my elbow?" With each word, with each sentence, she kept putting her hand/wrist/arm farther up my ass. I couldn't stand it, it was blowing my mind, and then she began to pull out. What a feeling of emptiness as her hand slowly retreated. But not all the way out, because all of a sudden she was coming back in and going farther then before!

John began to thrust up into me with incredible force. I could dimly feel Rita's hand reach for John's prick as he pistoned in and out. I began to climax, and kept on climaxing as Rita and John continued to fuck me. "Fuck me, fuck me, I'm coming, oh God, I'm coming!"

Rita

Ever since my first sexual encounter with Susan, which included her finger up my ass, I've been fantasizing about more sex with her and, I hoped, with John as well. I knew from several conversations we had had that she and John were pretty liberated about sex. When I thought back to my ex-husband and all of his hang-ups I felt glad that I had divorced him, even though it meant I got a lot less sex than when I was married.

Anyway, I was very thankful that I had become such good friends with Susan and John. When one thing led to another after the morning's work in the garden I felt really turned on. And when John found Susan and I and began to mess with my anus I was in heaven. My orgasm, brought on by being sandwiched between them, was so strong that I fainted!

When I came to John and Susan had prepared some lunch. I was really hungry and helped myself. I felt so relaxed and at-ease that I wasn't even aware of the fact that we were all naked. When lunch was over I cleaned up the plates and took them to the kitchen. Upon my return to the bedroom I found Susan and John kissing and embracing. I felt left out and a little jealous of Susan and made a comment about that to them. John surprised me by making a short speech about how I should serve them as their hostess. We all laughed at the way he said it but it gave me a strange sexual feeling about being submissive to their needs. I felt myself flush with excitement and my pussy began to get wet as I thought about it.

I soon found myself between the two of them alternating between sucking John's penis and eating Susan's pussy. It was turning me on as I tasted the secretions from his penis and her pussy. We settled into a pace that would last for a long time.

And then, Susan said to John, "Roll over on your back, I want to ride you, and Rita can keep licking the two of us as your prick slides in and out of me." I felt my passion go up when she said this and I did the best I could to get my mouth and tongue on the two of them as we got into position. Eventually, I had to hold John's penis up so Susan could settle down on it. As they began to screw I had less that I could do, then Susan said, "Rita, it's time I got some more attention from you. Since you can't reach my clitoris in this position it seems the only thing left for you to do is to give me a rim job. Tongue my ass!"

The combination of Susan's lewd words, the idea of putting my tongue to her anus, and my own increased awareness and interest in anal sex all came together in me and forced a groan from my lips. I became very excited at the idea, I felt like I was adrift in a sea of sexuality and sensuality that was going to bring me to a new level of pleasure. All I had to do was become totally abandoned in my sexual behavior, and I wanted to do it.

I quickly got in position and looked down at her spread buttocks and anus. It looked like it was winking at me - I knew she was flexing her muscles for all she was worth. I began to lick her gently and slowly and I could feel her respond to me. I wanted this to go on and on and so I kept being gentle but always there. And then she asked me to put my tongue into her. I felt my lust and passion rise higher as I could tell from her request that I was doing a good job of turning her on. I pointed my tongue and began to drive it into her anus. She responded by flexing on my tongue and trying to pull it in deeper. This was so exciting, I didn't even care that nothing was in my pussy which was flowing profusely.

Then Susan said, "Rita, go get some vaseline or K-Y jelly." I pulled my tongue out of her anus and looked up at her. "Quick, hurry up, I want to have a big climax, a really big climax!" she exclaimed. I got up, went into the bathroom, and returned with a jar of Vaseline. I looked at Susan, what did she want me to do I wondered.

"Spread it on my ass. Grease up my ass, inside and out. Then grease up your hand, your wrist, your arm. Then slowly begin to insert one finger, then two. Pump them in and out, then add another, and another. I want to be fist fucked in my ass while I ride John's prick to a fantastic climax!"

The idea of this both excited and frightened me. I didn't want to hurt her but at the same time I was already imagining my hand up her. The picture of this was overwhelmingly powerful. I felt I could have an orgasm by doing this to her. I began to prepare, all the while I was shaking with anticipation and lust.

Susan pulled up and John's prick fell out of her. I looked at it, it was so hard and was pulsing quite noticeably. I began to grease her anus with slow gentle strokes. Soon I had her begging for more. I began to put my fingers in, and gradually worked up to getting all of them in. She kept pushing back, and even though I felt some resistance I kept pressing. My hand suddenly slipped in - I looked down at this amazing sight and I began to really want to screw her with it. I was so excited I had to do something so I reached down with my free hand and began to gently stroke my clitoris, which was fully erect. At the same time I asked her if she was alright.

"I'm fine, real fine, and I am ready for more of everything. Are you going to fuck my ass or not? Are you going to grab onto John's prick and massage it as he fucks my hot, wet pussy?" she answered. Her voice was full of lust and excitement, it made me squeeze and rub my clitoris harder. I began to work my hand in and out, each time pushing it farther in. I couldn't believe she could take it, I was almost in a trance as I watched more and more of my hand and arm slide into her widely stretched anus. I was so turned on by this I had to start talking dirty:

"My wrist is in, Susan and your ass feels tight and smooth. And yes, I am going to fuck you, I'm going to tickle your tonsils, I'm going to put it so far in you'll beg and cry for mercy even when you ask and plead for more. Is it full enough yet? How about some more? Should I stop when I reach my elbow?" I kept pushing it farther in as I said this. I felt John's penis surging into her pussy as I said this, he began to screw her even faster. I tried to feel and grab his penis as it pressed against me hand.

Susan cried out, "Fuck me, fuck me, I'm coming, oh God, I'm coming!" Her orgasm kept washing over her, her whole body was convulsing and twitching as she kept repeating herself. I gave one last push into her anus, she screamed again, and then I began to pull my arm out. I didn't want to leave it in her too long, and besides I was about ready to climax myself.

I suddenly got a feeling of power and decided that I was going to receive John's cum, not Susan. She was beyond caring anyway as she continued to climax even with my hand removed. I reached down and pulled on her left hip to roll her off John. As she fell to his side I grabbed his prick and put my mouth to it. He looked at me with burning lustful eyes and began to thrust up. I responded by pushing down and soon felt his penis at the top of my throat. I was going to show him I could be as good as Susan at being sexy and passionate so I began to force his penis down my throat. I felt like gagging but I somehow overcame it and continued to push my mouth more and more onto his penis. Soon he was fully in me as my lips reached the base of his penis. I squeezed his testicles, he groaned loudly and began to thrust his penis up into my mouth. I pulled my head back up, and then forced him back down my throat again. I could feel his climax's spasms begin and pulled myself back just in time to get blast after blast on my face and in my open mouth. My own climax began through a combination of his cum and my own furious rubbing on my clitoris.

As much as I had enjoyed what we had just done I still felt aroused and in need of an even more fulfilling climax. I began to want to turn the tables on John and Susan - I had surely met my responsibilities as their hostess. I began to fantasize about what I would have them do for me. I looked at the two of them, they both looked quite relaxed, although Susan's breathing was still somewhat erratic - she must still be high on that climax! I decided to let them recover for a time so I went into the bathroom and took a shower. As I got out of the shower John came in and said, "You look nice and clean. I think I'll do the same."

I went to the kitchen and got some more iced tea prepared. When I got back to the bedroom John was there, looking squeaky clean, and Susan was gone. I could hear the shower running so she must be cleaning up too.

"Have some tea, John," I offered. He took a glass and we sat down, sipping our tea and waiting for Susan to reappear. Soon she was out of the shower and joined us with her own glass of tea.

"John, and Susan, I believe that I have provided you with all that a good hostess can provide. I think it is time that my guests show me their appreciation for all that I have provided. I feel like having tongues explore my body, come here, you two and treat me well!" They both looked at me with new appreciation, they hadn't seen me behave in such a sexually strong way before. I rolled over on my side and lifted my left leg. My crotch was now thoroughly available for their tongues.

John got in front of me and began to kiss and lick my breasts - as he licked one he rubbed the other with his hand. At the same time Susan buried her face in my pussy and began to lick it with long gentle strokes of her tongue. They kept this up for a long while as I gradually succumbed to the wonderful sensuous feelings of enjoyment produced by their attentions. I began to fantasize about what we would do next to push me further along on my quest for that mind and body shattering climax.