 After Roxie witnessed some hot action between Angela and myself....she left the room, leaving me rather uncertain about how she felt about watching me fuck her friend. Either that, or she might have something else up her sleeve, or maybe she'll have someone else in her pussy! She is the adventurous type and is definitely bound for some adventure. Well since I already know what happened, I might as well share it with all of you.

Angela and I had drifted off into a little nap after our vigorous round of sex, only to wake up to some familiar sounds. I could hear the sounds of pleasure that only my Roxie can make, with her moaning and hard breathing, it was something that definitely needed to be checked out! I got up out of bed to see what was going on. I went to the railing that looked over downstairs, and there she was, right there in my front room, completely naked, sitting up on the sofa, legs spread wide, nipples hard, her head moving about back and forth, oh yeah and some guy down in front of her, licking her pussy. I didn't recognize the guy, he might have been someone from the party or whatever, but he seemed to be doing well on her pussy, judging from Roxie's moans. Her hands were holding his head as she thrusted her pussy up against his face, it sounded like she was ready to cum. Her body was twitching, her breathing sped up, her legs shaking, and then she came real hard, screaming out in pleasure. Watching her cum is one of the most beautiful things in the world to see. 

I felt a little pang of jealousy, but what could I say? It's only right she can have her stray of fun after what she witnessed with me, and at least I was there, it would had been bad if I wasn't. Angela came over to me as I was at the railing watching my Roxie. She looked down at the goings on with some guy licking Roxie and cautiously shrieked, "Oh my God!" I looked at her kind of surprised and asked her if there was something wrong, and then she whispered to me, "That's Tony!" "Who's Tony?" "My husband!" I said to her, "Oh you're married?" "Well we do dabble with others from time to time, but usually not at the same place. We have an open marriage as long as we don't cross paths." As she said that, Roxie moved up to her knees on the sofa cushions, facing the back of the couch as Tony went around to the back to face her. Roxie kissed him, then adding a lot of tongue, kissed him harder, tasting her pussy on his mouth and tongue. I was pretty sure she knew I was watching, but made no acknowledgment of any viewers. If Tony knew about it, he sure didn't show it. 

Roxie started stroking Tony's cock through his pants, running her fingers up and down his shaft through the fabric. Angela grabbed my arm as she did this telling me how Tony likes to be fondled through his clothes. It appeared to be true as Roxie sensed that and started working him pretty good. You could see that he was enjoying it and started to get noticeably effected by Roxie's attention. She moved her fingers to his waistline and undid the button on the top of his pants. She looked up at him and smiled as she unzipped his pants. Her view dropped down the area that she was exposing, as she opened up his pants. Her fingers hooked the waistband of his pants and then pulled them down, exposing his very hard cock. Tony's cock wasn't huge or anything, but it was about the size of mine, just maybe not as thick. Roxie quickly ran her hands all over it, stroking it, kissing it, smiling. She loves to give head, and I recognize that look she gets on her face when she's about to suck cock.

Roxie ran her tongue down the underside of Tony's shaft, licking it, kissing it. I think I saw her sneak a peek towards me as she held his cock up, then wrap her lips around it. We watched as Roxie slid his cock into her mouth, bobbing slowly up and down, savoring his cock in her mouth. Tony seemed to be enjoying Roxie's skills as he pushed his cock in her mouth back and forth, fucking her mouth slowly. As we were watching, I could feel that Angela was getting a bit turned on watching her hub getting some great head from my girlfriend. She started rubbing her tits against my back, reaching around to feel my cock. She leaned into me as she couldn't take her eyes off the show we were watching. I held her a little and kissed her telling her that we shouldn't let them know that we're watching them. As Roxie was sucking Tony, I could see a shadow moving in the room. I was thinking, "Is there someone else in the room?"

With Roxie's back turned, Angela and I could see someone else move into the action. I turned to Angela and quietly asked, "Do you know this guy?" She whispered back, "Oh yeah, that's Malcolm, and you better watch out!" "What do you mean?" "He's a friend of Tony's and mine, but wait 'til you see him drop his drawers!" I started thinking that this may or may not be a good thing. The reason is, is that Malcolm is a big dude. He's a 6'2, 300 pound black guy that looked like he was fresh from playing offensive line for any NFL team. This was a large man for sure. Angela gripped me, almost to keep me calm, as Roxie turned to see who was behind her. She slid her mouth off of Tony and sat in between to two men. Her hand never left Tony's cock as she watched Malcolm undo his pants. The room downstairs as well as upstairs got real still as Malcolm undid his pants and slid them down.. From there he faced Roxie, wearing only his boxer briefs. An excited smile crept across Roxie's face as she could make out the size of this guy by the bulge in his trunks.

Now Roxie has never been a size queen, but she does like to marvel at large members. She has told me that it's not like she wants to fuck a real huge cock necessarily, but she sure would love to touch and stroke one. Well, here was her opportunity. She released Tony from her grip, and turned towards Malcolm. She stroked his cock through his trunks, much like she did to Tony, as if she wants him nice and hard before she sees it. She even kissed it through the fabric and ran her mouth over it. Malcolm was starting to lose his patience with Roxie's teasing and stepped back away from her. He said to her, "This is what you want, come and get it." Having said that, he slid his pants down and unleashed his member. A slight gasp came out of Roxie as she is now in front of a big, long, thick, black cock. She immediately reached out for it and ran her small hands over it, stroking and caressing it. Her lips started kissing it, followed by her tongue licking it up and down. I wondered if she was actually going to suck that thing, but she wasted no time and put her lips on the head. Her mouth got him real hard, and I must say, it was an impressive specimen. 

As Malcolm was getting head from Roxie, he pulled out her mouth and told her to turn around. Roxie went back into the position she was in, on her knees, on the sofa cushions facing away. She could feel Malcolm's hands on her ass, squeezing it, which brought a smile to his face, and to hers as well. She leaned forward and pushed her ass up in the air as Malcolm closed in behind her. He rubbed his big cock against her from behind, stroking it over her pussy and then flopping it on her ass. I turned to Angela as we were watching and moved her in front of me at the rail. She leaned on the rail and spread her legs nice and wide. I reached under her to feel her nice wet pussy ready for another fucking. We looked down to see Malcolm put his cock at Roxie's opening. We could see Roxie's face tense up as Malcolm started pushing that thing inside her. He said, "That's it baby, take it!" Roxie gripped the couch tight as he started fucking her. He was giving her some short strokes at first, followed by longer, deeper strokes as she opened up to take him in. Roxie's pain was turning to pleasure as Malcolm started fucking her at a decent pace. 

She reached out to Tony and put him back into her mouth, as if to take the rage from the big cock slamming her out on his cock with her mouth, aggressively sucking and stroking it. It was quite the sight seeing my girlfriend getting fucked hard from behind while sucking another guy's cock. This was her first time at this and I did expect to be a participant upon her initial experience, but at least I got to watch it. So I took my cock and rubbed against Angela's pussy to get it all wet. She leaned her ass towards me some as I pushed my cock into her from behind as we watched the torrid activity beneath us. My hard cock slid nicely in and out of her wet pussy as she held onto the rail as leverage as she pushed back fucking me in rhythm. I grabbed her hips and started fucking her nice and deep. I don't know how Tony couldn't have heard me fucking his wife while my girlfriend was sucking hard on his cock...must had been the grunting and moaning that Roxie and Malcolm were doing in front of him, stifling any noises coming from upstairs.

It appeared that Tony was ready to cum as Roxie picked up pace on his cock, sucking him harder. Roxie took him in deeper as she started pumping his cock. Tony let out a yell and started and started pumping cum deep into Roxie's mouth as she hungrily took it all in, swallowing his load and he spurted into her mouth. Tony pulled out his spent cock and now Malcolm started to take over. He turned Roxie over so he could get on top of her. Her legs were pushed up to her ankles as he fucked her hard, pumping that huge cock into my woman. She was hanging on for dear life as he started slamming her deeper and deeper. She started screaming out in pleasure as Malcolm started grunting louder as he fucked her. He pounded in a few more strokes inside Roxie until he pulled out and shot his cum all over Roxie's body and face. Roxie tried to catch some with her mouth and might have had some land there. After Malcolm finished, he let out a big low-voiced chuckle of a conquering warrior, as he began to dress.

Roxie laid there totally spent, getting the fuck of her life, wiping the cum up on her body as if in total amazement of what just happened. I started pounding Angela harder and she started moaning louder, gripping the rail, taking me hard from behind. It was then that everyone downstairs looked upstairs to see me fucking Angela hard. Tony looked the most surprised as he could see me fucking his wife. Malcolm just buttoned his pants and said, "Later," and then left the house. As for Roxie, she just smiled and said, "Do it baby!" Right after she said that, I pounded Angela hard and shot my cum deep inside her as I could feel her cum hard along with me. My knees were weak as I slid my spent cock out of her. 

We all met downstairs and exchanged hugs, kisses, and handshakes, all in a friendly manner. I gave my love a big hug and a kiss as Angela did the same with her husband. We said goodbye to Angela and Tony and retired to the couch adjacent to the one where all the action was. I asked Roxie why she didn't say anything or at least join in with Angela and myself when she was watching us, and she just replied, "What and miss out on the chance for a little revenge?"