 Sexplorations - Episode 4 - The Vacation Part 2

Rita

I was looking forward to having Susan and John visit. Susan and I had talked about it on the phone a couple of days ago. She told me about wanting to give John a big welcome home for the start of his vacation. I suggested a recipe that was one of my favorites.

"I'm sure you have already got something planned for dessert." She laughed at that, then thanked me for the recipe.

"I'll give you a call Saturday, maybe you and John can come over. Bye for now."

When I called Saturday morning I got a very sleepy sounding John on the phone.

"Sounds like I woke you up. Sorry I called so early, although John, it is 10 in the morning. It is time you were up and about, maybe even doing some gardening - getting your mind and body involved in something besides your job. Why don't you and Susan come on over? I've got a great little project that I would appreciate your help with."

"OK Rita, that sounds like fun. Give us a chance to get up. We'll see you in an hour or so. Do I need to bring any tools along?"

"Just yourselves would be fine. I've got everything here that we'll need. See you soon, bye."

I brewed up some fresh tea so that we'd have something refreshing to drink. The weather was cooperating, it was going to be warm, in the 80's but not very humid. I could imagine nice, sweaty bodies working in the garden. That made me think of Susan and the sex we had had the last time we worked on the garden together. Now John was going to be here too. I felt excited about what might happen. I'm sure Susan must have told John about what happened. But maybe she didn't, maybe she felt embarrassed about it. I kept playing the alternatives over and over in my mind - I really didn't know what might happen. I got this feeling of queasiness in my stomach - I wanted to have some good sex but was scared it wouldn't happen. It was like I was teen-ager again, not knowing how to make happen what I wanted, or thought I wanted. I let myself enjoy this feeling of anticipation and doubt.

Around 11:30 the doorbell rang. I opened the door to find John and Susan there with their gardening clothes on. John was also carrying a gym bag - he must have brought along a change of clothes.

"Hi, welcome to Rita's All-Volunteer Gardening Club and Party Headquarters."

They both laughed at that.

John said, "Hi Rita, here are your volunteers. What lesson are you planning to teach today?"

"That rock garden that Susan and I started needs some major re-work. Every time it rains the water flows off the rocks the wrong way, right into the vegetable patch."

"Let's take a look at it," John said.

The three of us headed out to the back yard. John grabbed the garden hose and brought it back with us.

"It doesn't look like we'll get any rain today, we can use the hose to simulate it," John said.

The three of us looked at the rock garden. It was easy to see where the rainwater had flowed into the vegetables. We began to plan out how to direct the flow towards the back of my property. Susan even suggested putting in a miniature retaining pond as a catch basin, just like they do with new sub-divisions. Soon we were all digging, moving rocks, and reshaping the garden.

I started to get thirsty. "Everybody ready for some fresh iced-tea?" I asked. John and Susan both agreed they were ready to take a break and have something cool to drink. I went to the house, made up a serving tray with the tea, three glasses, lemon wedges and sugar and brought it back out to the garden. John and Susan were both relaxing on the grass. I poured the tea and offered each of them a glass. The three of us sat there sipping the tea and looking at what we had accomplished.

"It looks like another half hour or so and we'll have most of the work done. Once we've gotten that far, we'll test it with the hose. If all is OK why don't you two gals go in, get cleaned up, and work up a lunch while I make the finishing touches?" John said.

"Sounds like a good idea, although I wouldn't want you to do too much without me here. After all it is my garden, I don't want you to have to slave here without me to help with the work," I said.

"That's OK. I'll just be doing a little clean-up, all with your prior knowledge and approval," John said, with a smile.

We finished our tea and got back to work. Soon it was time for the hose test. We all clapped and cheered as the test passed with flying colors. I poured John another glass of tea and handed it to him.

"Congratulations, your re-design has worked quite well," I said to him. "Let's go Susan, time to clean ourselves up and make some lunch."

She and I headed back to the house. Susan said, over her shoulder to John, "Give us a little time to get everything ready for you." John nodded and resumed his work. I was quite happy about how the work had turned out. I could see adding some bonsai in the garden around the catch basin we had made.

Susan headed right for the bathroom, saying "I'm going to take a quick shower. To save time getting ready for lunch, why don't you join me?"

I looked at her and saw a playful look on her face. I felt a chill go up my back, I was ready and willing to join her. "OK, let's do it."

We didn't waste any time getting our clothes off and into the shower. We scrubbed each other down. I found myself spending a good deal of time making sure Susan's breasts were clean, she soon reciprocated. Finally Susan had me turn around so she could finish scrubbing my back. My nipples remained pointed and tingling as she scrubbed and rinsed and scrubbed again. Each time she did this she kept concentrating on a lower portion of my back. I gasped as she slid a soapy hand between my buttocks and scrubbed my anus. I turned around and gave her a long kiss to which she responded by pushing her tongue between my lips. We french-kissed for a long time.

"Let's get out of here. I think we're both clean enough now. We need to get lunch ready," I said, although I didn't really feel that hungry for food. I was hungry for Susan. We shut off the shower and got out. Susan grabbed a towel and started to dry me, I did the same to her. We were both soon dry, or at least the water had been removed from our bodies, but I was wet in my crotch. I looked down at Susan's crotch and could see that she was too.

"C'mon, let's go to the bedroom for a minute or so. We've saved enough time that John won't be here for awhile," I said to her. I took her hand and led her to my bedroom. I pushed her onto the bed, she fell back and lay there with her legs open. I kissed her breasts and licked her nipples for a short time but soon found myself moving down to her lower lips. I gently pulled them apart and started to slowly lick up and down her whole crevice. With my free hand I reached down to my own clitoris and began to tease and rub it.

"Get out your double dildo," Susan said, "and slide that thing into me and you. Let's screw each other with it."

I looked up at her and nodded my agreement. She pulled me up to her face and began to kiss me deeply. Our tongues twisted against each other as she tasted herself on my lips and tongue. I finally pulled away and got the tool out of the drawer. I rubbed one head against her crevice to get it wet and then began to push it into her. She kept letting out low groans as it slowly worked its way in. After it was in about half way I positioned my body over her and it and guided the other head to my vagina. I moved my body up and down on it and then began to push myself onto it. As I pushed myself on more of it went into Susan until the collar was up against her.

After I was fully on the dildo the two of us began slow alternating thrusts. I felt like we could do this for a long while. We just slowly worked ourselves on it, looking into each other's eyes and kissing. I felt like I was in another world, the real world had quietly receded.

I felt a hand on my left buttock, and then one on the right. I wondered to myself if Susan was going to play with my anus again when I suddenly felt something warm and wet on my anus. How could she do that? Then I felt warm breath blowing gently against me.

John said softly, "I hope I didn't surprise you too much. I see that the two of you are happily engaged, I'll just help out where I can." With that I felt that warm and wet thing on my anus again. It must be his tongue! I squirmed as he licked and teased and pushed his tongue into me. I felt that I couldn't keep going at a slow pace, I wanted to speed up a little. I started to thrust a little faster, of course, every time I pulled back John's tongue burrowed into my anus. This was heavenly I said to myself. The doubts I had had earlier were now fully gone. Now that I knew that the three of us were going to have sex I began to crave more. I pushed myself back on John more forcefully.

Suddenly John's tongue was no longer there. My anus felt chilled as the air touched it. But then something was rubbing against my anus again. It wasn't his tongue, it must be his penis! I groaned as it began to slide into me. It felt very tight as it slowly entered and pushed against the dildo. I tried to flex on it but was only partially successful. I opened my eyes and looked at Susan. She was looking at me and then at John behind me with a look of lust and abandon. She began to thrust up faster and to talk 'dirty'.

"How do you like this sandwich, Rita? Are we getting to you? Is your pussy on fire? Is your ass full of hot cock?" she said, each question accented with a strong thrust. I groaned an answer, "Yes, I love it. Give me more, I need more!"

I felt John quicken his pace, his penis began to move in and out of my rectum very forcefully. I kept pushing back against him to get more in me. "I'm coming, I'm coming!" I cried as my orgasm washed over me. Susan responded with some very strong thrusts and then began to groan very loudly, "Me too, this is so good!"

John thrust very deeply and then held still as he came in my rectum. I dimly felt his penis pulsing as it emptied load after load. My orgasm climbed higher and kept on going. The last thing I remember was Susan putting her hands on my breasts and squeezing then very hard. I screamed and passed out.

John

I took my time finishing up the garden work. I wanted to give the girls a chance to get lunch ready and I also wanted to look over and enjoy the work we had done. Susan and I might have to start a rock garden of our own. I was finally done and was ready to go inside and get something to eat. I hoped that Rita had put together one of her famous salads.

When I got inside there was nobody in the kitchen, nor was there any food out on the table. I was curious, where had they gotten to? I thought about the last time Susan had been here and what had happened when she came into the house to get cleaned up. My hunger started to recede as my cock started to stiffen. I decided to look through the house and see what they were doing.

Looking in the bathroom I could see that someone had recently taken a shower. I stopped for a minute and could hear some moaning sounds coming from the direction of the bedroom. I quietly walked around the corner and looked in. Rita was on top of Susan on the bed, they were both screwing with the double-headed dildo. I just stood there and watched as their bodies slowly moved. The contrast of Rita's dark brown hair to Susan's strawberry blond tresses was quite arousing. I could just make out the contrasting colors of their pubic hair as the dildo slid in and out of the two of them.

I quietly walked up behind them, they were so intent on the pleasure they were giving and receiving that neither noticed me. I sat down on the floor and watched them as they screwed. I rubbed my cock with my hand as the scene became more and more exciting to me. I noticed that Rita's asshole was pulsing as she thrust in and out and decided to deliver some extra pleasure to her there.

I placed a hand on each cheek so that I could get better access. She didn't seem to notice but kept moving and moaning. I brought my face close to it and started to lick it. She tasted very clean, she must have done a good job in the shower. As soon as my tongue touched her her body reacted and she began to look around. I decided it was time to formally announce my presence.

I quietly said, "I hope I didn't surprise you too much. I see that the two of you are happily engaged, I'll just help out where I can." I then immediately got back to work on Rita's asshole. She responded by thrusting faster and flexing her ass-cheeks as I tongued her. I continued this for a little while, but soon my hard cock demanded more. I stood up, wiped some spittle on my cock, smeared the pre-cum around on the head and positioned myself so I could slip it into her asshole. It was tight, that dildo was doing a good job of filling up her cunt! She started to groan louder as my cock went farther in.

Susan began to talk dirty to her. That seemed to light Rita up even more - she wanted more. I began to pick up the pace, her asshole was now quite accommodating and felt really good around my cock. Rita began to climax with Susan right on her heels. That pushed me over the edge too - I thrust in as deeply as I could and sprayed cum into her bowels. Suddenly Rita screamed out and then collapsed - she had passed out!

After the final waves of my orgasm had receded I pulled out of Rita and helped Susan roll her to one side. Susan still looked flushed so I decided to give her a little gentle tongue work. Her half of the dildo was still in her so I gently pulled it out and then bent down to closely look at her cunt. It was flushed and open and wet and looked quite delicious. She groaned as I began to slowly lick in her cunt and suck her lips into my mouth. I continued to do this until she reached down and pulled my head up to her clit. I licked at it and twirled my tongue all around it. She pulled my head into her and came again. I got up on the bed and held her in my arms.

"Do you think Rita is OK? Should we do anything for her," I asked Susan.

"She's fine, let her enjoy the aftermath of that fine climax we gave her,"

Susan said. "That was very nice and gentlemanly of you to say that, I love you."

"I love you too." I pulled her tighter to me and kissed her. We took a short nap but both of us began to feel really hungry so we soon roused ourselves and headed for the kitchen.

"Let's get some lunch together and take it back to the bedroom," I suggested. "I'm sure Rita is going to wake up with quite an appetite."

"That's a good idea. Why don't you start doing the lettuce while I slice up these tomatoes and cucumbers," Susan replied. We both got to work right away and soon had a large salad prepared, although it wasn't quite as nice looking as Rita makes it. It was more of a functional meal without all the decorative trimmings.

When we got back to the bedroom we found that Rita had revived. She did look pretty hungry and smiled broadly when she saw me bringing in the salad.

"Thanks you two, what a nice surprise. What a terrible hostess I am to leave all of the kitchen work to you," she said.

"I'm quite sure you'll find some way to repay us," I answered with only the faintest suggestion of a smirk on my face. Rita and Susan both laughed at my remark, Susan even suggested that I was a dirty old man for always thinking about sex. "I'm not that old," I responded as I set down the tray on the bed and got on the bed with Susan and Rita. We didn't talk too much as we concentrated on eating. I couldn't help looking over the two nude women with me - they both were very attractive and Susan was certainly right about Rita's looks (after all she was about ten years older than me).

The three of us began to eat the lunch Susan and I had prepared. At first we didn't talk very much, we were all pretty hungry. But as our hunger was satisfied we began to chat as we finished eating. At first we talked about our gardens - what we had just accomplished for Rita and the ideas we all developed about what Susan and I could do with our garden. The conversation became quite animated as we brainstormed and made suggestions, the three of us all had plenty of ideas about ways to improve and expand our garden.

Finally we were done eating. Rita got up and cleared the plates away. While she was in the kitchen Susan and I got closer together on the bed and began to kiss. When Rita returned she flopped down on a free spot on the bed and looked at the two of us.

"I feel left out," she said, "do you think there is room for me?"

Susan and I stopped kissing and looked up at her. She had a forlorn look on her face, but her eyes revealed that she was kidding with us.

"As your guests, I think we should first receive the benefit of your hostess' responsibilities," I suggested. "You should serve both of us, individually and together. If Susan and I feel that we have been given all that deserving guests should receive we will be glad to thank you in some kind of reciprocal way."

Susan and Rita both joined in with me in laughing over the solemn speech I had just delivered. I decided to continue with the teasing and role playing:

"Rita, come here and suck me and Susan. Make sure you perform well," I ordered. I had Susan lie next to me on her side so that we could hold each other and kiss. But the two of us twisted our hips so that Rita had easy access to both of us. As soon as we were arranged Susan looked at me with a mixture of tenderness and lust, she was beginning to get turned on by the arrangement I had proposed. We began to kiss again, but this time with more passion as our mouths opened and our tongues met.

Rita began to lick my cock, which was becoming quite hard. Her tongue licked up and down on it, and then she twisted her head and began to eat Susan's cunt. I looked down at her every once in a while as her head shuttled back and forth between my cock and Susan's cunt. I bent my head down and began to suck on Susan's tits. We continued doing this for a long time as our passions slowly rose.

"Roll over on your back," Susan said to me when she momentarily stopped kissing and holding me. "I want to ride you, and Rita can keep licking the two of us as your prick slides in and out of me." Rita groaned as Susan said this, she really gets turned on by lewd talk. I quickly did as she suggested. Susan was over me but Rita had her head between us licking and sucking forcefully as Susan and I got closer. Then Rita grabbed my cock, sucked the head very strongly, and held it steady as Susan began to sink onto it. Susan moved slowly which gave Rita plenty of time to continue licking the both of us.

Finally Susan was fully impaled on my cock. I reached up and began to massage her breasts and tweak her nipples, which made them even more aroused. She began to lower her body against mine so that we could embrace again. She slowly moved her hips up and down so as to treat the two of us to a delightful, sensuous fuck. Rita did her best to tongue us as my cock slid in and out, but it was clear she wasn't as involved as she could be.

"Rita, it's time I got some more attention from you. Since you can't reach my clitoris in this position it seems the only thing left for you to do is to give me a rim job. Tongue my ass!" Susan commanded. Rita groaned again as these lewd words reached her ears. She immediately positioned herself behind Susan's spread cheeks and began licking with enthusiasm. It was Susan's turn to groan as Rita's attentions turned her on. She began to move more quickly on my cock, and flexed her muscles more often when I was fully inside her.

We continued this way for awhile, but I could tell from the look in Susan's eyes that she was really feeling lascivious. She slowed her movements down so that Rita had more time to tongue her.
