 "Come on Brian, seriously. What do you want for your birthday?" Rachel pressed. She'd been after him for a hint, some idea of what he wanted or needed. And though his birthday was still several weeks away, there really wasn't anything he could come up with.

Brian and Rachel had known one another for several years. Theirs was a "platonic" though very friendly relationship. Rachel was a lesbian married in every sense of the word except "legally" by archaic State laws. Brian was also friendly with Rachel's spouse, Teri, though far less personally, as he hadn't worked with Teri. Which is where he'd gotten to know Rachel so well, working with her day in and day out.

Even with their obvious differences, Brian and Rachel could talk openly with one another about any subject. As friends, they often teased one another, which occasionally bordered on outright flirting to those who didn't know them as intimately as their closest friends did.

"There isn't anything I can honestly think of that I want or need." He told her seriously, and then throwing her one of "those" looks as she'd called them. During those times when they'd spoken candidly with one another about their lifestyles, relationships, Brian had admitted to Rachel he'd often thought of her being with Teri. It was after all, every guys fantasy, and certainly one of his, seeing two girls together. He'd long ago intimated that if she and Teri ever felt like videotaping themselves on camera, he'd be more than willing to lend a helping hand. She of course had teased him unmercifully about it, knowing full well he just wanted to see the two of them together.

"That's never going to happen Brian." She scolded, teasing him back. "So keep thinking buddy. You might want it, but you're never going to see Teri and I together. Hey, maybe that's what I'll get you! A nice X-rated lesbian movie!"

"Not quite the same Rachel. I've got a few of those. Besides, I think it would be far more erotic actually seeing it for real, and especially someone I know." Rachel smiled, laughing the suggestion off as she always did. 

"And besides, even if I was interested, Teri would never go for it, and you know it." Which was true. Teri was distrusting towards men enough as it was. And though she had gotten to know Brian well enough to be somewhat comfortable around him, he'd never have with her the same intimate, friendly relationship he had with Rachel. "Oh, and before I forget. I called your wife to set up appointments for Teri and I. We're coming over this evening for massages." 

Brian's wife Darlene worked out of their home as a Massage Therapist. Both Rachel and Teri had been coming to her on a regular basis. "Cool. Maybe you guys would like to hot-tub with us afterwards." Brian offered. Now Rachel gave him one of her patented looks. They had "tubbed" with Brian and his wife before, but had always worn swimwear whenever they'd been invited. He had again "teased" her about doing so naked, as he'd honestly preferred doing it that way himself. Out of respect for them both however, he'd always worn a pair of trunks whenever they'd come over to sit in the hot tub.

"Boy...you never give up do you?" Rachel said knowingly.

"What?"

"You know damn well what. If you can't see the two of us actually getting it on, seeing the two of us naked would be the next best thing wouldn't it?"

"Ah come on Rachel, it's not that big of deal...really!"

"For you maybe. You sitting in the tub with three naked women...it might just become a big deal!" Brian knew what she was really referring to of course, especially when she glanced towards his crotch by way of emphasis.

"Even if I did...which I wouldn't, I'd make sure to stay beneath the water. You'd never even know."

"Ah huh." Rachel was smiling however. "You know, it really wouldn't bother me. I could care less. But you know Teri. And besides, what would your wife think?"

"You know Darlene, she wouldn't care, and besides, she gets to see the two of you naked all the time whenever you're getting a massage. Why should she care?"

"That's not what I was referring to and you know it." Brian laughed. He did know it. And so did she.

"Well, give it some thought. It seriously is better if you can relax and enjoy it without anything on."

"I'll talk to her about it Brian. But don't hold your breath." Brian made a face, puffing out his cheeks pretending to actually hold it. Rachel laughed. "You'll turn blue long before that happens." Brian sucked in air.

"Well, it was worth a try." He kidded her. "See you this evening then I guess."

#

Later that evening, Rachel and Teri had come over for their massages. Darlene was just finishing up with Teri when Rachel came down to the den where Brian was watching TV. "Still planning on tubbing?" He asked when he saw her. Rachel nodded her head yes, but he also noticed when she did that she was grinning widely.

"You're kidding!" He exclaimed. "Really?"

"I mentioned it to her just before we came over. Told her it was kind of silly wearing swimsuits, especially as Darlene would be there too. And besides, it is dark outside, and as long as you keep the underwater lights off, I think Teri will feel comfortable enough."

"So...she really did agree to do it then huh?"

"Yep...surprised me too." 

"And you're ok with being naked in front of me? Really?" Even before Brian had finished asking the question, Rachel began removing her clothes. 

"You do have some extra bathrobes or something we can wear outside though don't you? She questioned him.

"I'll be right back!" Brian told her, running from the room to fetch two extra one's for them. He returned a few minutes later, to his surprise, Rachel was in fact naked, sitting on the couch.

"Here." He said handing one of the robes to her. "I'll leave the other one with you for Teri, and then head outside and open up the tub." Dashing outside, Brian lifted the cover to the tub, securing it. Removing his robe, he quickly climbed down into the wonderfully hot soothing water and waited. Seconds later he saw Rachel open the sliding doors to their den stepping out onto the deck and make her way over to where the tub was. Silently, he watched as she quickly removed her robe, hanging it up before stepping down into the swirling water.

"Be careful, it's slippery." Brian said, beginning to stand in order to help her down into the tub. He came out of the water slightly as he did and Rachel glanced down at him.

"Thought you said you'd keep that thing out of sight." She said teasingly. 

"I said I would if I became aroused." Brian countered. "And as you can see...I'm not."

"I have a feeling it won't stay like that for long though." She warned him. Truth was, Brian did feel a slight awakening and quickly located himself in a neutral corner of the tub as Rachel stepped in, sitting across from him. "Teri and Darlene should be just finishing up." Rachel said looking towards the sliding doors. Brian didn't follow her gaze however; he was too busy staring at her partially exposed breasts. Not only hadn't he expected this to actually happen, the fact that it had, and that Rachel was now actually sitting inside the tub with him naked, had taken him by surprise.

He'd tried very carefully not to stare at her when she got in. But he wasn't about to waste this perfect opportunity to actually see her naked without taking advantage of it either. Rachel certainly wasn't a big woman, far from it. "Petite" was the best word to describe her, though "Hard-bodied" was another. She was taut, firm "well-toned" he thought as he saw her descending down into the water. Her breasts though small, were certainly alluring. Pink-tipped, her hard little nipples protruded invitingly off her chest. For a brief second he imagined Teri sucking them. A second after that, he could see himself sucking them.

"Ah hem!" Rachel said clearing her throat, which immediately drew his attention back to her face and away from her tits. Though he noticed in doing so, she had made no effort to slip further down into the water to conceal them either. "Might as well get a good look and get it over with." She said actually flirting with him. "Otherwise you'll be trying to sneak peeks all night long and none of us will feel comfortable!"

"You're right. Guess I'd be a little more discrete, especially when Teri comes out." He admitted. The sound of the sliding door alerted him that she and Darlene had in fact finished their massage as they made their way outside towards the tub.

Surprisingly, Teri reached the tub first, quickly removing her robe, though she turned slightly off to one side in doing so facing away from him. Brian tried to focus his attention back towards Rachel, noticing when he did that she was grinning at him, even winking. Though she didn't exactly "dive" into the tub as soon as she had hung up the robe, Teri did submerge herself rather quickly and then made her way over to the opposite side of the tub from where Brian was sitting. He'd gotten only the barest glimpse at Teri's breasts, only slightly larger than Rachel's though her pubic patch was nearly identical to hers. Darlene had followed suit, stepping down into the tub. Brian was delighted his wife had also decided to strip naked. Having the three of them with him was a nice bit of naughtiness, even though he couldn't mention that to any of them under the circumstances. Yet...having that private little thought was a nice pleasure to entertain.

Being a bonafide, card-carrying "tit-man", Brian smiled inwardly to himself at having three different sized, shaped, pairs of boobs to sit and look at, quietly enjoying them. Problem was, Rachel was the only one who didn't appear as self-conscious at revealing them. Even his wife Darlene tended to keep herself more below the water line than above, and Teri certainly did. All in all, it was still a rather enjoyable experience, though Brian was careful to keep his "arousal" carefully concealed below the water. When everyone had finally had enough Brian realized he would have to come up with an excuse, ensuring he was the last to get out for obvious reasons.

"I'll leave last so I can shut the lid and secure the tub." He said to no one in particular. Rachel looked his way smiling whispering to him as she did.

"You need to be last out to close the lid huh?" She said jabbing at him with the thought. "Sure you do."

The fact that he did get to sit there a moment longer, watching all three of them step out was an additional bonus yes. But he really did need to ensure he was last out, especially as he did have a hard-on. Even Darlene wouldn't have appreciated him waving that about, even if it was in front of Rachel and Teri. 

They sat for a brief while longer inside the house. Brian was glad to see that Teri seemed even more friendly than usual. A good sign at least that she hadn't been all that uncomfortable being naked inside the tub with him. And as for Rachel, she'd at least been a bit more so, giving him occasional glimpses of herself, which he'd certainly gotten to enjoy.

"Well Brian...see you at work tomorrow." She'd told him just before leaving. "And be thinking about your birthday." She'd reminded him.

#

Sure enough, the following morning at work, Rachel asked Brian what he wanted for his birthday. And once again, Brian told her, "Watching you and Teri having sex." He'd responded teasingly. It became a running joke between them. Every morning she'd ask, and every morning he'd answer with the exact same response. Finally, with only three days remaining until his actual birthday, Rachel approached him one last time.

"Ok Brian. I really am serious here. You've left me with little or no time to shop for anything, so...what do you want for your birthday?" Brian answered her, and though still joking, he used the same serious tone of voice that she had.

"Like I said Rachel. You know what I want. I don't need anything else." Frustrated, Rachel left his side without making any of the usual jokes and quips back at him that she usually did. For a brief moment, he thought of catching up to her and apologizing, thinking as he did that she'd eventually let it go. He honestly didn't need or really want anything, and he didn't want Rachel spending any of her hard earned money on him anyway. The day passed without his speaking with her any further either. Brian was just preparing to head home when Rachel cornered him in the hallway.

"Ok Brian, you get your wish." She told him.

"What?" For a second he was sure he hadn't heard her right.

"There's only one catch however, Teri doesn't have any idea I'm doing this."

"Ok, you lost me Rachel. What do you mean she doesn't have any idea? How're you supposed to pull that one off?"

"First off, can you get away for a while Friday night?" She asked carefully.

"Yeah, sure. It's Darlene's night out with the girls, why?"

"Good. Then you come over around six. Teri and I should be home around six-thirty. Park your car around the block. I'll leave the side door open. We hardly ever use it, so Teri will never know it was unlocked. Go downstairs to our bedroom. I've made a place for you in my closet. Teri never goes in there as her closets on the other side of the bedroom. I've put a stool inside for you to sit on. I've also adjusted the slats in the doors so you can see more easily without being seen, provided you sit towards the back...and for heavens sake, be quiet!"

"You're serious about this!" He stated a moment later realizing that she was.

"Well? Do you want to or not?" She challenged him. "I won't ask you, or attempt this again. Either yes...or no. But you'd best be telling me now." She added.

"How will I get away later?" He questioned growing more and more excited by the minute.

"Because we always go out for ice-cream afterwards." She said smiling for the first time. "Especially if it's a rather intense session. And I have a feeling...it will be. After we leave, you go out by the same door you entered. Teri will never even know you were there. You get to finally watch...which you can consider your Birthday present from me. Well? Yes...or no?"

"Hell yes!" Brian answered.

"Just remember to be damn quiet Brian. If Teri finds out about this, we're both dead!"

#

Brian had parked his car around the next block, hurriedly making his way over to Rachel and Teri's home. As he'd been told, the side door was indeed unlocked. Letting himself in, he stood there for a moment listening quietly, but there were no sounds of anyone inside the house. His heart was beating wildly. He couldn't believe he was actually doing this, though it was just as wild that Rachel had agreed to go along with it. Making his way downstairs to their bedroom, he quickly opened the closet doors. He saw the stool situated at the back of the closet. Sitting down, he pulled the doors shut and saw that he had a perfect view of the entire bedroom. Remembering to stay well back inside the closet lest he be seen, he made himself as comfortable as possible, and waited. After perhaps ten or fifteen minutes, he heard sounds coming from somewhere upstairs and knew immediately that Rachel and Teri had gotten home. He could hear laughter, knowing from the sounds of that, that they were at least in a good mood.

"That's promising." He thought to himself. Though his heart had quit pounding inside his chest, he was still excited, slightly anxious as he waited there in the dark inside the closet. Moments later the sounds of footsteps coming down the stairs reached his ears. Rachel entered the room, making her way over to the closet though she didn't open it.

"Brian? You here?" She whispered.

"Yes." He answered softly, simply. He heard Rachel giggle.

"Just remember to be quiet." She reminded him unnecessarily. "Teri's putting a few things away and then she'll be coming downstairs. Oh, by the way. Happy Birthday!" Brian watched as Rachel removed her clothes, soon after climbing up into the bed. He saw her fumble briefly with the nightstand, and then heard the soft buzz as she began using a small purple vibrator on herself. Even seeing this was exciting as hell, he'd have been more than willing to have settled for watching Rachel masturbating with the toy had he of known.

"Hmmm, that looks like fun!"

Brian realized Teri had come downstairs entering the bedroom. He'd been so absorbed in watching Rachel pleasuring herself that he hadn't heard her until she had entered.

"Care to join me?" Rachel quipped. "I got fresh batteries for yours too." Brian watched as Teri began removing her clothes. Seconds later she crawled up onto the bed joining Rachel. He heard Teri laugh seductively as Rachel reached over placing the softly humming toy between Teri's legs.

"Let me do you too." Teri said. Lying side by side, the girls teased one another with their toys. From his vantage point, Brian had a clear view of what was taking place. Watching as Rachel slid the purple toy up and down Teri's fur-lined slit, he felt his penis stiffening in response. Glad that he'd chosen to wear a pair of sweat-pants, it was easy for him to reach down inside, clasping his hard prick in his hand and begin teasing it as he watched.

"Damn I'm horny!" Rachel admitted. "Let me lick you while I fuck you with this." Brian then saw Rachel get up on her knee's leaning over Teri as she did. He saw her bending over, slipping the tip of the toy just inside the entrance of Teri's pussy. Simultaneously, she began licking what he knew had to be her clitoris. Teri moaned in ecstasy, causing Brian to secrete a nice fat drop of pre-cum, which he then used to lubricate his prick with. 

"Oh god that feels good!" Teri moaned softly. "Keep licking it like that...yes, just like that Rachel! Ohhh!" Brian felt his prick leaking even more juice, his arousal level going up by leaps and bounds as Rachel continued licking and sucking her pussy. "Let me...let me do you." Teri managed to get out after a few more minutes. Rather than exchanging places, Rachel merely slid up intending to sit down on Teri's face. As she did, Teri caught her momentarily, sucking on Rachel's soft pointed breasts. Brian's prick was throbbing. He wondered what it would feel like to do that himself. Rachel's nipples had looked so incredibly hard, stiff. He could just imagine what it would feel like to be rolling them around inside his mouth, licking, sucking them the way that Teri was obviously doing. He could hear Rachel's soft-moaned pleasures adding to his ever-increasing excitement.

"Now let me lick you." Teri urged her. "Come, sit on my face." She said playfully. Rachel soon settled herself down over Teri's head. At this angle, Brian couldn't see as much as he had been, but the sight of Rachel's beautiful firm ass slowly rotating up and down, side to side over Teri's face was erotic enough. Just hearing Rachel's moans and groans was driving him crazy. Careful so as not to make any noise, Brian pulled the waistband of his sweats down sufficiently to finally free his prick. Better able to play with it now while he watched, he continued to slowly stroke his shaft up and down as Teri and Rachel once again adjusted their positions, now lying side by side caressing one another's breasts.

The sight of the two girls lazily caressing one another was the most sensual, erotic thing Brian had ever experienced. Feeling the exquisite pressure and need building, begging for release, Brian had to quit stroking his prick momentarily or he'd soon reach the point of no return.

"Have you ever wondered what it would be like to have a threesome with a man?" Teri asked as they lay fingering, toying with one another. Brian froze listening intently. He'd nearly lost it as it was, hearing this...he almost did so without even touching himself.

"I've been curious about it Teri. We've talked about it before. But you know I'd never do anything to jeopardize our relationship. It might be fun though, just to see what it's like."
