 I don't know whose bedroom we ended up in, or even how I got in here in the first place, but Amanda's hand is down the front of my pants and Erica's lips are on my own; the two girls are drunk out of their minds, and luckily I happened to be in the way while they were on their little journey to the bed. I'm fairly tipsy myself, but both the women are smashed, and I know I'll be getting a lot further tonight than I probably ever have or ever will get again.

Erica distracts me, hands running back through my hair, and catches my mouth with her own, soft tongue probing past my lips as they push me back towards the bed. She tastes like tequila and cigarettes, and while normally I'd be turned off by the taste, in this moment it's ridiculously sexy.

Amanda pulls her hand out of my pants long enough to push me down on the bed, glancing at Erica for a moment before straddling my lap, the blonde girl already beginning to work on her own clothing, peeling her shirt off. I'm distracted from the striptease by Amanda, who grinds down on me and kisses my neck, nuzzling against the heated flesh a little before hooking her hands under her shirt, wriggling out of it. She drops the purple t-shirt on the floor, reaching behind her to unhook her bra, and I don't care how many times I've seen these gorgeous tits, I'm never going to get sick of them.

I slide my hands up, cupping her tits with my hands and flicking my thumb over one of her nipples, leaning down and catching her lips in a bruising kiss. She kisses back, hands sliding around my neck as I continue feeling her up; she's got small tits but they're perky and perfect, and even drunk I can entirely appreciate them.

Erica kneels on the bed, pulling me away from Amanda in order to kiss me hard on the mouth, and one of my hands leaves my girlfriend's chest to move to Erica's instead, groping her as well. Amanda giggles, straddling my lap and tugging on Erica's arm slightly. The blonde breaks her kiss with me, leaning over and gripping Amanda's shoulders as they liplock, Erica's tongue dipping out to run over Amanda's lower lip.

They start making out in my lap, tongues tangled, and Amanda boldly slides her hand in the front of Erica's red panties, the blonde letting out an involuntary gasp. Amanda pulls back from the kiss, murmuring something against her best friend's mouth, and Erica looks at me for a moment before nodding, moving away from Amanda and sliding her hand up my chest, fiddling with the buttons on my polo shirt.

Erica leans in, continuing to play with the buttons and whispering, "You know how long I've wanted you, Avery?"

The way she says my name is dripping with ill-disguised lust and I feel my dick stiffen from that alone, smirking a bit before running a hand through Erica's hair and smirking. "Are you two gonna do something about it, then?"

Erica smirks, pushing me back on the bed, and I scoot back a little bit, leaning against the headboard. Erica glances at Amanda for a moment, my girlfriend pulling the blonde over for a light kiss before running her hand up my thigh, ghosting a finger over the bulge in the front of my jeans.

Erica smirks, massaging my hard cock through the denim before undoing the fly expertly, starting to unzip it as I smirk, running my fingers over her hair and arching an eyebrow. "It's big enough for the two of you to share, you know."

Amanda nods in agreement and Erica shrugs, dipping her hand in my boxers. "So I've heard."

They make a joint effort to pull my pants off, my jeans joining the pile of clothing accumulating on the floor, and I'm left in my boxers and polo shirt, pausing to remove the latter before the two girls look at each other, Amanda tugging my boxers down a bit and wrapping her hand around my hard cock.

I gasp a little bit as her finger brushes over the sensitive head, perfectly manicured nail dipping into the slit before she shakes her head, leaning down and snaking her tongue up the thick rod. Erica sits back, pulling an elastic off her wrist and tying her own hair back before holding Amanda's out of her face, my girlfriend continuing to flick her tongue over my hard organ, obviously teasing since it's relatively little stimulation.

I arch an eyebrow, watching her before glancing at Erica, who grins and leans down, joining Amanda at cock-level and dragging her tongue over my balls for a moment, watching for my reaction before kissing up my dick, stopping at the head and glancing at Amanda for a moment before starting to jack me off, putting her lips on the tip and slowly going down. I buck upwards, groaning, and Amanda giggles, holding my hips down so I don't end up choking her best friend.

Erica goes down all the way, gagging only a little, and I drop my hand down, running it through her blonde curls and gasping a bit. "Fuck, Erica... that feels amazing..."

She sucks me off for a few moments, finally pulling off with a pop and raising her head a bit, licking her lips and giggling a bit drunkenly. Amanda smiles, turning Erica's head towards her, and they kiss almost tenderly, nuzzling against one another for a moment before both of them go back down, almost coordinating their movements along my hard cock.

Erica draws back for a moment, letting Amanda take over, and I stare down the length of my body as the president of student council presses glossy pink lips over my cock, lowering her mouth down around my throbbing dick. Erica kisses at my thigh experimentally and I buck my hips upwards, the alcohol mixed with the attention to my as-of-late undersexed cock sending my head into a total tizzy.

"You want him to fuck you, first?"

Erica's voice cuts into my thoughts and I focus again, looking at the two girls as they share my cock again. I lick my lips, smirking a bit before sitting up a little bit. "I think we might be able to figure something else out."

A quick search through the nightstand drawers produces a pack of condoms and I slide one out, tearing the foil packaging open and slipping it on my hard cock before smiling slightly, grabbing Erica and pushing her on her back before directing Amanda to bend over the bed. She does as she's told, ass in the air expectantly, and I grin, stepping off the bed and standing behind her. "Spread your legs, Erica."

Erica looks up at me from her position on the bed, hooking her fingers in her panties and sliding them down, spreading her legs moments after and arching an eyebrow at me, her pussy on display. I grin, pulling Amanda's underwear down all the way and rubbing my latex-covered dick against her wet pussy, pushing forward a little and making her gasp a bit. She glances over her shoulder at me, chocolate brown eyes sliding up my body for a moment before she runs her hand up Erica's pale thigh, pushing her legs apart a bit more.

I watch in interest as my girlfriend lowers her head, tongue flicking out to run over Erica's swollen clit, making the other girl moan, arching her back a bit and gasping. Amanda smiles and continues on, pressing her mouth to the blonde girl's clit all the way and sucking, tongue working over the sensitive nerve bundle as her fingers caress the inside of Erica's thigh slowly.

Continuing to rub my cock over my girlfriend's soaked cunt, I finally press the head of my dick to her tight hole, one hand on the base of my cock and the other on her hip. I slide in slowly, Amanda gasping against Erica's pussy as she adjusts to my length; we haven't fucked in god knows how long and she's as tight as anything.

I get in all the way, pleasure setting my nerves on fire, and Amanda gasps, sliding her hand down and spreading her legs a bit more, black hair falling down over Erica's light skin. I watch the two of them, starting to move, and Amanda starts massaging her own clit slowly, almost teasing herself beneath me as she continues to eat Erica out.

Erica moans, sliding a foot up her best friend's side as she arches off the bed, crying out a bit as Amanda slips two fingers into the blonde with her free hand, tongue dancing across Erica's clit. I groan, picking up the pace and slamming into my girlfriend, the sound of flesh on flesh filling the bedroom as I rock my hips forward, sliding into Amanda further with each thrust.

Amanda throws her head back, continuing to finger Erica but moaning loudly, shaking her hair out. "Oh, god, Avery... Deeper... Avery!" She dissolves into a myriad of screams, the hand at her clit moving to grab my thigh instead. Erica and I look at each other for a moment and then Erica moves, pushing Amanda backwards and letting me pull her up, hooking my arms under her skinny legs and lifting her up, continuing to jerk my hips forward as I slam into her.

Erica crawls forward, licking at Amanda's tender clit as I keep pounding her slick cunt, watching the blonde between my girlfriend's legs. This is amazing. I can't think of a better scenario at the moment. Erica ducks her head down, sucking on my balls for a few moments teasingly before letting me go back to fucking Amanda's pussy, the blonde girl's mouth returning to Amanda's clit immediately.

Amanda moans, tilting her head to the side a bit, and I take the opportunity to bite her neck, sucking on a spot I know she loves and leaving a dark hickey there, watching Erica begin to finger herself out of the corner of my eye. Amanda turns her head a bit, hand lacing in my hair, and I kiss her hard on the mouth, the tequila telling me to do it despite the fact that I just watched her French kiss another girl's cunt.

I continue thrusting, holding her up, and Amanda hits her orgasm first, whole body shuddering as she screams against my mouth, pussy flexing around my cock. I almost drop her but manage to hold her up by some miracle, continuing to pound her tight cunt before reaching my own climax minutes later, load shooting into the condom. We keel over on the bed, Erica watching the two of us as I peel the used rubber off my cock and lean against the headboard, Amanda moving over and pushing the other girl down again.

My girl starts lick Erica's pussy like it's a lollipop, tongue working over the clit, and I start to get hard again, hand ghosting over my cock. Erica moans loudly, fingers lacing in Amanda's hair, and for a moment I contemplate using the blonde girl's throat as a cum receptacle before deciding on it, scooting forward and grabbing her hair. She barely has time to react before I slide my semi-hard cock in her mouth, her lips tightening around it instinctively as I force her to bob her head.

Amanda doesn't register what we're doing, continuing with a single-minded intensity, and I can tell she's on the verge of passing out from the alcohol she's drunk tonight. Erica's blue eyes flicker to my own for a moment and I arch an eyebrow, continuing to fuck her mouth for as long as I can, my cock hardening in her throat as she works her tongue over it.

She finally cums, body arching off the bed, and Amanda pulls back, eyes closing for a moment before she watches Erica suck me off. My cock twitches, my body tense with arousal, and it doesn't take long before I cum, seed spilling into Erica's mouth. She pulls back, swallowing slightly, and meets Amanda halfway for a kiss before curling up beside her on the bed, both of them looking exhausted.

I settle against the headboard, pulling them closer to me and tilting my head back, already feeling the beginnings of a hangover coming on. Amanda settles against my chest, Erica using her shoulder as a pillow, and I grin, keeping a tight grip on them both.

I can't fucking wait to tell the guys about this tomorrow.