 "Did I do good Mistress?" Cindy asked still upside down. Kim helped her sit up and then undid the cuffs.

"You were a very good little cum slut."

"Only a cum slut for you Sir. I'm so happy we got to play again." She said to Jason who had laid down on the bed. Cindy crawled up to lay next to him. Kim watched the blonde's bubble butt sway before crawling up on Jason's other side.

"I'm not. Fuck, you guys make a lot of noise." Staci, a housemate of Kim and Cindy's shouted threw the wall.

"Shut up bitch, go fuck yourself." Kim shouted back.

"Why don't you send your new friend over to me. He sounds better at it."

"You wish whore." Kim smiled as she laid her head on Jason's chest. Both her and Cindy were lazily running their fingers over it.

"I think you two should date Mistress. I think you'd make a cute couple." Cindy said sleepily. "Then you can both do what you want with me. I could be your little fucktoy. And maybe Brooke would want to, too. Though I don't think she likes being on the receiving side of the rough stuff. She likes to dish it out." She smiled, her eyes closed. "And if you date Maybe Brooke and I could go on a double date with you."

"Cindy?"

"Yeah Mistress?"

"Are you in love with Brooke?" Kim asked lifting her head to look at Jason who was half asleep himself. Her only response was Cindy's light snoring

. . .

Beep. Beep. Beep.

"Ugh turn it off." Kim groaned from under the covers. "Turn it off, turn it off, turn it off!"

"I would Ma'am but I don't know what 'it' is. Cindy sat up looking around. Jason was climbing out of the bed and looking for his pants. Cindy smiled as she watched his ass.

"What the fuck pledge, focus and do something. It's killing me."

"Kim it's eight am. It's not like it's dawn." Jason said finding his phone and turning off the alarm.

"We were still up at dawn." She grumbled from under the covers.

"Well I need to shower before work. Mind if I use yours?" He headed towards the bathroom door.

"No, just make sure you lock the other side or one of the other girls might walk in. Or don't. Some of them need to know what a real cock looks like." 

"You're telling me anyone could've walked in on us?" As Jason headed into the bathroom Cindy followed. "Where do you think you are going pledge?" Kim lifted the comforter off her head and squinted at the blonde's naked body.

"To-to wash Sir's, back. Is that ok Ma'am?" The blonde looked like she'd cry if Kim told her no. 

Kim contemplated doing just that. "Yeah whatever. Just be quiet so I can sleep." The covers crashed back over her head. 

Jason locked the door to the other room after starting the water to the shower. He stepped in the shower. 

Cindy slipped in the bathroom behind him. She quickly unlocked the other door again. She then climbed in behind Jason.

"Did you just unlock the door again?"

"Yes Sir." She smiled at him. "I want some alone time with you, but I also wouldn't mind giving the sisters a show. Just as long as I'm the only one in the shower." She kissed him and reached behind him to the shampoo bottles. "You're gonna smell like a girl at work today." She giggled as she poured a flowery scented gel into her hands. She then began to work it into his hair.

"Great Sam will have a field day with that."

"Who is Sam?"

"My partner." Jason had found soap and began rubbing it all over the blonde's breasts.

"Mmm." She moaned. "Are you a cop?" She looked up at him as he used the soap and water to get the last of his dried cum off her face.

"No." He laughed. I'm an E.M.T."

"E.M.T.?" Cindy asked.

"Yeah. Emergency Medical Technician. We ride around in an ambulance all day."

"Oh so you go to car accidents and stuff?" They had switched and now Cindy wash rubbing soap all over Jason while he washed her hair.

"Crashes. And yeah, though it isn't as exciting as it sounds. A lot of time hanging out in the rig or taking old people to the hospital. If we were a bigger city then we'd be real busy but I'm bored a lot."

"Well you can regal Sam with how you ended up smelling like a girl." She laughed.

"Yeah she won't be that impressed with my antics as one might think." He laughed at the idea of telling his female partner about what he'd been up to.

Cindy stopped. " Sam is a girl?"

"Yeah she is. And don't get all mad we aren't like that. We've worked together a long time. Plus she drives and I spend the majority of the day in the back studying." 

Appeased Cindy began washing Jason again. "Studying what?" She reached his cock and it twitched with life.

"To be a paramedic." He groaned as she squeezed his cock.

"I don't think soap is good enough for this." Cindy said as she went to her knees in front of him. His hands were tangled in her hair as he half massaged, half washed her hair.

"I gotta go to work soon Cindy. I don't know if we have time for this."

"Please Sir. I might never get another chance to be alone with you." She didn't wait for an answer before swallowing his soft shaft. She took him all the way in. The soft cock allowing her to take it's length with no trouble. She then sucked on it as hard as she could while her hands fondled his balls.

"Ugh Cindy. You've convinced me."

"Uck." Cindy gagged as his cock expanded to full size quickly.

"Watch Sir. I didn't get to show you how I've been practicing for you." She lined up her throat and attempted to take him down it. She got far but not quite the whole thing. She tried again and this time was rewarded with her nose pressed against his stomach. He leaned back against the shower wall.

"It feels so good Cindy," Jason said as he let the blonde girl's tongue slide all over his cock, as her mouth worked him in and out. She began to play with herself as she pleasured him, "but I'm not even close and I can't be late for work."

"Then use me Sir. Use me for your pleasure. My pleasure only comes from yours. Fuck my face if you want I don't care. You can cum where you want. Come on my face and watch it wash off me, or come in my mouth and watch me swallow it." Her dirty talk got him going. "I'm your dirty little girl. Use me, please."

Jason grabbed her wet soapy hair and began to pump her face on his cock. 

She worked her pussy faster and faster. She knew how much he loved it when she screamed on his cock as she came.

"Uh, uh, uh." She moaned on his cock. 

He fucked her face faster and harder. Ramming his cock down her throat. He reached down to pinch a nipple. 

"Ugghh!." She began to scream on his dick and buck her hips wildly.

"Fuck, that's it slut." He pulled from her mouth and pressed his slick cock against her chest. She mashed her small, perky, tits around his cock as he began to thrust back and forth. Grabbing the liquid soap bottle, she poured a generous amount on her chest. Adding to the slickness of her wet chest.

"That's it Sir. Fuck my little titties. I want you to spray your cum all over my face. Come on, coat me in your thick cum. I need it. I need your cum Sir!"

Her dirty talk sent him over the edge. "Fuck!" Thick ropes shot out on her face. 

Cindy stuck out her tongue trying to catch some as she giggled. "Yay! I made Sir come all on my own!" The little blonde was proud of herself.

"Fuck that was hott." A voice said from outside the shower.

"Yeah it was." A second voice added.

"God I wish my boyfriend had a cock like that." Said a third. Jason looked out into the bathroom. Three young girls, all in differing states of sleep wear were in the bathroom with them. Two were sitting on the counter and one was on the toilet. All three had their fingers buried in their pussies. "We'd applaud if our hands weren't busy." The third said from her perch, biting her lower lip.

The girl on the toilet stood up. "If you're going to be in there a while we could use a shower too. She pulled her nightie off and slid her panties down. The other two girls hopped down from the counter and undressed as well. Jason stood stock still, the water pounding his back and preventing it from hitting Cindy's cum covered face.

"Make room." One girl said as the three climbed in the shower. Two started to attack Cindy's face. "Give us the cum pledge."

"Yeah it's to good to waste on the likes of you." Their words were harsh but they were gently licking and kissing the cum off Cindy.

"So this is the cock that caused all that screaming last night huh?" The third girl had gone for Jason and wrapped her hand around his cock trying to get him hard again.

"Sorry ladies. I have to get to work." He pulled away from their grasping hands. He grabbed a towel and started drying off as he watched the three begin to maul Cindy.

"I'm going to stay I think Sir." The blonde said before a mouth covered hers.

"Bye Cindy." He hurried from the room before he ended up back in the shower. He got dressed quickly to the sounds coming from the bathroom. "Your sorority is fucking horny." Jason said as Kim's head peeked out to watch him dress. 

"It's rush week for all the frats too. So all their boyfriends are 'distracted'." 

"That still doesn't explain why they are all into the kinky stuff." He said as he kissed her goodbye.

"You're welcome."

. . .

Jason read the text from his friend: "And you left? What is wrong with you? You have to stop telling me this shit. I can't deal with how you tell me how you did this crazy hott shit, and then end with how it could be even hotter. And then tell me you leave! Seriously I'm getting you tested. Something is wrong with you."

Jason had been texting Kelvin, Kim, and Cindy all morning. Though Kim and Cindy's text were much different from Kelvin's. While Kelvin bitched about him leaving the shower, Cindy had told him all about what she had done with the three girls, or more accurately what they had done to her. Kim had been texting him about what she wanted to do to him, as well as sending him dirty pictures. He spent the morning with a shit eating grin. His phone vibrated again. 

Kim: Here's a pic I hope it doesn't distract you from saving lives ;).

The picture was of Cindy's pale ass with Kim's strap-on sticking out from underneath.

"Who the fuck have you been texting non-stop today." Sam said as she snatched his phone from him while she drove. She glanced back at the road then at him without looking at the phone. "Some new girl finally?"

"Sam please. Don't look at that picture." 

"Oh stop worrying I'm not gonna make fun of her no matter how fugly she is." Sam joked as she glanced down. The ambulance drifted in it's lane and a horn honked.

"Sam!"

She came to her sense and pulled back into her lane. "What the fuck is that." She threw the phone at him. "What the fuck are you into?"

"I told you not to look." Jason said sullenly. 

"Is that the girl you've been texting?"

"Sort of."

"Sort of?"

"Well that was both of them."

"Both? There were two girls in that pic?"

"Yeah... The dildo is on Kim's strap-on. Look I don't want to talk to you about this. Pull over and I'll ride in the back."

"Fuck that. I want details. You haven't had a girl in years. I was worried with the way you talk about Kelvin and how long you spent in the woods with him you weren't even into them anymore. Now you have two girls, who are fucking each other?"

"Um it might be three. But I haven't talked to Brooke since. And they are having sex but I think Cindy is more into Brooke, she just likes sex. But like I said I don't want to get into this with you."

"Christ. We have been off four days and you go and fuck three random girls? What do they just wait in line for you?"

"Stop giving me weird looks and keep your eyes on the damn road. Tim and Rick would have a field day if they have to bring us a new rig cause you aren't paying attention. And no usually there is two of them. First Brooke and Cindy, then Kim, then Kim and Cindy, then Cindy giving me head in the shower while some of the sorority sisters watched."

"You actually sound embarrassed about your exploits. Most guys would be bragging like crazy."

"Yeah I brag to Kelvin but that's cause no one would listen to him if he said anything anyway. The only person who believes half what he says is Suzie and he won't tell her. She'd kill him for knowing and me for telling him."

"Fuckin' A. Some bastard keeps riding my ass. Probably like you rode those girls huh?" She laughed.

"See I knew I didn't want to tell you." 

"Well it explains why you and Katie didn't work. She's to much of a prude for your kinky ass. Fuck!" The ambulance was stopped at a red light but suddenly lurched forward. 

"That bastard hit us deliberately!" 

Jason was looking in the review mirror at the car behind them but couldn't see the faces inside. "Don't get out I'll call PD." He grabbed the receiver of his radio from his shoulder. "Dispatch this is A- fuck!" He dropped the radio as a shower of glass covered him. Someone had hit his passenger window with a baseball bat.

"Fuck off." Sam was shouting out her closed window."

"Go! Go Sam drive!" Jason told her. Sam dropped the ambulance in gear and started to drive away. But the car that had hit them sped up and cut them off.

"Damn it. Fuck this I'm hitting my fifty." Sam pressed the little orange button on top of her radio. It was used buy EMS, Fire, and Police to signal an "All hands" alert. Every cop, fire truck, and ambulance not busy in the area would be signaled to come to their GPS location. As she did this the guy with the baseball bat returned and hit the windshield of her ambulance.

"Come on out fucker! I want you to meet my friend." The guy said swinging his bat again.

His friend was trying to pull Sam's door open. "C'mon cutie. Leave that asshole and come hang out with some real men. We'll show you a real good time." He grinned at her. Jason saw John climb out of the driver's seat of the car.

"Ram the car Sam!"

"I don't want to hurt someone."

"They don't have the same qualms! Do it!" Sam gunned the engine as the guy with the bat started crawling through the window grabbing Jason's uniform. They weren't going fast when they hit the car and Jason wasn't sure they'd push through. But the ambulance was a lot larger than the sedan. Jason and the guy with the bat struggled as John jumped out of the way of his crushed car. They began to pick up speed as Jason pushed the guy back out the window, just as a fire truck pulled in front of them. They were only a few yards from John's wrecked car when she stopped next to the truck. The firefighters began spilling out grabbing gear and hoses not really sure what the reason was they were there. But when they saw the damage to the ambulance and the fear on the two EMT's faces they looked around. Kim and Jason scrambled out to their rescuers.

"Those fucker attacked us." Sam shouted to the firefighters. She pointed to the two young men running towards them. Their friend who had been thrown from the rig was struggling to get to his feet. The fall wasn't far but they had been gaining speed so he must've been hurt.

"Don't worry Sam. We got you. You and Jason hop in the truck." Jack was a firefighter about the pairs age. They saw him around on different calls. Jason and Sam knew most of the firefighters there by name or at least face. Jack picked up a halligan bar, a crowbar on steroids. The other firefighters picked up axes and other tools off the truck and spread out to either side of Jack. "PD is on the way." He said over his shoulder to Sam and Jason. To John and his friends he said. "Far enough there boys. You want our friends you gotta go through us."

"We just want Jason, then we'll leave." John said trying to sound tough. 

'What does he think is going to happen here?' Jason thought. 

"Ha! We're tight knit kid. They're the brains," He nodded towards Jason and his partner, "we're the muscle," He hefted his halligan. Most people would struggle to lift it but he swung it around like a regular crowbar. "and they, they are law." Jack nodded towards the two cop cars that had just pulled up.

"Fuck!" John looked at the two cruisers and then bolted down an alley. Leaving his two friends dumbstruck. The non-injured one ran after a moments hesitation. The injured one raised his hands above his head as the cops pointed their firearms at him. He then got to his knees as three officers ran after his friends. Another cop car had arrived as the reaming officer walked over to him. She planted a boot in his back and forced him down to the ground.

"Police brutality!" He shouted.

"Where?" Jack asked looking around like he couldn't see the officer. "You see police brutality Jason? How 'bout you Sam? No? Guys?" He asked his fellow firefighters.

"Naw Jack," An older firefighter said. "The rook has some shit on her new boots though. Hey rook you should try to keep your boots cleaner, fire are the messy ones!" He shouted over at the female officer. She had holstered her gun and was cuffing John's friend. She just smiled and shook her head at their jokes. Her fellow officers help her pick up John's friend and put him in a car. 

Then she came over to the group as her fellow officers ran down the alley John had disappeared down. "So who wants to start explaining what the fuck happened here?" She indicated the wrecked car and damaged ambulance.

"That would be Jason, Linda. We just got a call you'll have to catch up with us later. Let's go boys!" The firefighters stared packing up their gear and getting in the truck.

"You know damn well you didn't get a call Jack! Damn it!" She watched the truck pull away. "He knows I need a report. He just likes giving me a hard time." Linda was a year younger than Jason and had only recently joined the force. Which meant she got stuck with a lot of paper work. John's friend was actually he first official arrest. Which made this paper work even more important. 

"He's playing hard to get." Sam told her with a smirk.

"Yeah well his games just make my job harder. And they are pointless 'cause I like my guys to have more brains the muscles." She glanced quickly at Jason.

"Yeah that one there apparently only thinks with one muscle." She joked.

"Sam!" Jason gave her a dirty look.

"So what the Hell happened? Did you miss the car in front of you Sam?" Linda asked the other girl.

"Yeah that's it. Complete accident." Sam said sarcastically. "No the fuckers rammed us from behind and then the one you arrested started hitting our rig with a bat. Then the fuckers cut us off and the kid climbed in Jason's window, so I drove through their car. That's when truck showed up and backed us up. You saw the rest."

"Ok you'll both have to come down to the station and give formal statements. Try to leave the word fucker out of it for me though." Linda laughed. The other officers were returning empty handed. Jason looked dismayed. Linda put a hand on his arm. "We have one of them and that car has to be registered to someone." She smiled at him. "Try not to worry."

. . .

"I can't believe that needle, dicked little cocksucker." Kim said as she sat on her bed. Cindy was laying on it behind her typing away on her laptop. Kim was wearing flannel pajama pants and a pink tank top, while the blonde had a white t-shirt on but nothing else. Her adorable ass jiggled as she typed. Kim had been reading a text Jason had sent her.

"Who Mistress?" The blonde asked distractedly.

"John, my bastard of an ex-boyfriend." She fumed.

"Oh." Was Cindy's reply.

"You aren't even listening to me are you?"

"Oh." Came her still distracted reply.

Smack

Kim landed a hard spank to Cindy's bare cheek.

"Ow! What was that for Mistress?" The girl finally looked up.

"You aren't paying attention to me at all."

"I'm sorry Mistress." She lowered the screen of her computer.

"Cindy we are alone you can drop the mistress."
