 Wearing nothing except a fur coat, Cassie walked into the bedroom. Brian was tied spread-eagled to the bed. The excitement in his eyes was matched only by the rock hard erection that he was displaying. 

This was his fantasy. For their anniversary they had decided to give each other their chosen sexual fantasy. Brian had always longed to try bondage, and he had at last been brave enough to suggest it. 

To his surprise she did not laugh, she had loved the idea and had taken great pleasure in finding a variety of bonds with which to choose from.

Brian's wrists were tied to the headboard with silk cords. As he watched her walk slowly towards him he couldn't help clenching his hands into fists pulling against his bindings.

The coat was undone at the front, and as she walked he would get glimpses of her breasts, her navel or her pubic hair. It seemed to take forever for her to reach the end of the bed.

Climbing onto the huge bed, she crawled up his body. The fur brushed sensuously against his skin. She captured his mouth with her own, as she rubbed her body against him.

He loved that she was totally in control, but he hadn't realised how much he wanted to touch her.

Her hot mouth was on his erection, sucking and licking him, he moaned and his hips came off the bed eager for more.

"Oh...Cassie...you can untie me now, let me touch you."

"Oh no...you are staying tied up." She grinned at him, as she cupped his balls, and slid her fingers behind them to massage the sensitive skin there.

"Mmmm darling...that's good but I want to pleasure you too."

"Oh, you will."

Cassie slipped the fur coat off her shoulders letting it fall to the floor; and with a wicked smile she crawled back up the bed. She knelt on the pillow a knee either side of Brian's head and lowered her self to his waiting mouth.

Brian eagerly licked her, as she leaned forward and took his hardness into her mouth once again. She found it difficult to concentrate on what she was doing because his tongue was driving her wild. Sweet sensations were coursing through her body, until she began to tremble and then cried out as her orgasm tingled its way to her extremities.

She pulled away from him and scooted down his body, and impaled herself on his waiting, rigid manhood. She heard Brian gasp and writhe beneath her as her warm wetness enveloped him.

She began to slowly rise and fall, sliding up and down his length. She loved to feel him inside her, filling her and stretching her to the limit. She ground down against him harder, she could feel the tension in her body begin again, and she began to ride him in earnest. Harder and harder she pounded against him. She new he was close but she couldn't quite get there herself. She slid her hand down her body and began to pleasure herself. Circling her clitoris with her finger, bringing herself to orgasm a moment after Brian ejaculated inside her.

She lay beside Brian and undid the silken cords. He rubbed his wrists and then gathered her into his arms.

"That was amazing," He told her as he held her tight against himself. "But I noticed you needed to help yourself to orgasm again, isn't there anything I can do to make you come while I am inside you?"

"You know," Cassie started hesitantly, "There is something I have always wondered about."

"Name it." Brian told her "Let me fulfil your fantasy."

"I have always wondered what it would feel like to have someone go down on me while you are inside me...." Cassie hesitated expecting Brian to refuse.

He thought carefully for a moment. He was surprised by her request. It would have to be someone they could trust, he thought.

"Can you give me some time?" He asked as he looked into her eyes. "You will have to trust me to find someone suitable, someone discrete."

"Yes of course." She was amazed that he was agreeing to her wishes.

Brian understood completely.

"It's alright Cassie, you fulfilled my fantasy, now I will fulfill yours."

~ * ~ * ~ * ~

About a week later, Cassie came home to find Alex was visiting. 

"Hey Alex, what brings you here?" Cassie hugged him warmly; she had always been close to Alex.

"Hey, baby, I was just passing and thought I'd see how you both were."

They all made some tea. They toasted marshmallows over the fire and Brian insisted on making peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. The evening passed by happily and the three of them consumed a couple of bottles of wine.

Eventually Cassie said she was ready for bed and as she said goodnight, she did not notice the look that passed between Brian and Alex.

She got undressed and slipped between the sheets. Brian joined her and took her into his arms and began to caress her body.

Her head was spinning with both alcohol and desire, and they were soon kissing passionately, Brian was nuzzling at her breasts and sucking her nipples. Cassie clung to his shoulders urging him on. 

His fingers delved into her folds spreading her moisture and probing inside. She could feel herself getting closer, nearing her climax, and then Brian pulled away.

"No...Brian, don't stop.... please..."

Brian pulled her over on top of him, pulling her down onto his erection. Cassie gasped as he filled her. In her frustration she began grinding against him. She needed to come so badly, she began to reach down but Brian took her hand and held it. She reached down with her other hand and he took hold of that one too.

"Brian don't, you don't know what this is doing to me...." She begged.

Brian was determined to keep control as long as was necessary. Cassie was grinding against him she was so close but she needed something more to take her over the edge.

In her frustration, Cassie didn't hear the bedroom door click open and Alex silently enter the room. She was completely unaware of him until she felt hands from behind her cupping her breasts.

She was so shocked that she froze and spun round to find Alex naked behind her.

"Alex!" She gasped as his large hands gently squeezed her breasts. 

"I am here to help fulfil your fantasy, baby." He whispered in her ear. His voice sending shivers down her spine. She was thrilled at the idea but also nervous. She had never done anything like this before.

"It's OK, Cassie, just enjoy it." Urged Brian. As the two men encouraged her to lean back, Alex gathered her breasts between his hands and started licking and nibbling them. 

The shock of Alex's arrival had dampened her arousal, momentarily. But now he was creating a new fire within her. Brian was still buried deep inside her, as Alex was licking his way down her body. He dipped into her belly button before sinking lower.

Cassie was ever so slowly sliding up and down Brian's shaft, and when Alex tongue reached her clitoris she thought she was going to die of pleasure. 

Brian let out a startled. "Oh!" When he felt Alex's tongue at the base of his shaft. It was completely unexpected and incredibly exciting. Alex continued to lick Cassie, keeping in perfect rhythm with their lovemaking.

Cassie was out of her mind with desire; she had never felt anything like this before. The sensations were so intense. Alex's expert tongue was on her clitoris, and Brian was hot and hard inside her. The two sensations combined were explosive. 

Suddenly Brian was thrusting up towards her, and Cassie was screaming her orgasm.

"Too sensitive..." Cassie murmured as she pushed Alex's head away. Then she rode Brian to his climax. 

Cassie collapsed on top of Brian panting and sweating in the heat of passion.

Cassie looked shyly across at Alex, and was aware of his throbbing arousal. She whispered in Brian's ear and he nodded.

"Let me help you with that." Cassie said before she took him into her mouth. Brian watched as his wife sucked Alex's length. She drew him in deeply, taking as much as she could. Then she started a rhythm, two quick and shallow and one deep and slow, she raked her fingernails down his thighs and she could feel them tense. Soon he was coming in her mouth and she was swallowing as fast as she could.

Brian found it incredibly exciting to watch, he was hard again in no time, and he immediately reached for again, rolling her onto her back and thrusting into her, as Alex let himself out of the room.