 "You don't think I'm a slut now, do you?" She asked, looking up from the picture. With her bright green hair and the sour-apple sucker in her mouth, she looked like a character from a bad anime. 

I couldn't help but wonder why she had shown me the pictures. Was there....?

She nudged me with her hip and brought me out of my musing. "Well, do you?" She asked.

"No....no honey. I don't think you are a slut." I said, shocking myself at how smooth and even my voice was. Thank the lord I was wearing heavy denim pants and a trench coat. I didn't want my reaction to be THAT obvious. I handed her back the pictures she had shown me and smiled. "But it does look like you had a bit of fun."

She smiled and looked away from me and muttered, "It was a lot of fun."

I put my arm around her and said "Come on, lets get back out in the front of the store."

We went back out front, and I checked the change to make sure Jennifer would have enough in the register, then I ordered a pizza to be delivered and paid for it, just to make sure she would have dinner later, gave her a pat on the back and left for my poker game. 

Ten blocks through the rain later found me in the back room of my friend's comic book shop, walking in almost an hour late to the weekly poker game. The four other guys were upset with me, but my friend Kevin noticed my smile and cut straight to the heart of the matter.

"Who is she?" Kevin asked. 

"My my my, aren't you psychic tonight? Jennifer, the cute little girl that works for me," I said. I bet heavily on the first poor hand of the night and lost - it was going to be a trend I wouldn't notice until the night was out.

"The green haired teenager? She's what? sixteen?" Jason asked.

"No....dude, I'm not THAT much of a dirty old man. She's 19. Her birthday is coming up right after Christmas." I tossed fifty in on a pair of sixes, hoping to turn up the third on the flop.

"She's dating the bass player in that shitty band that plays my bar, isn't she?" Phil asked, calling me.

"Something like that, I think," I remarked.

"I bet she takes it in the ass," Mike said, looking at his cards.

"You'd better bet your fucking fifty dollars Mike, or lay them cards down!" Jason said. He chomped on his cigar and looked at me. "Be careful, man. She could just be looking for a sexual harassment suit to make her rich."

I nodded. The thought had crossed my mind.

The night went on, and I lost terribly. My mind wasn't on the game, it was on the pictures Jennifer had shown me. The game broke up about 4am, and we all went our separate ways. Kevin lived five blocks past me, so he and I walked together back towards my place. I lived in a loft apartment above my video rental shop.

"So, you seem pretty stuck on this chick," Kevin said.

"What? No! I barely know her..."

"Dude! You lost over four hundred tonight! You went all in on a hand you were destined to lose! What the fuck were you doing?" Kevin asked.

"Well...my mind just wasn't on the game." I said. My mind wasn't truthfully on the conversation, either.

"Well - were you thinking about a certain green-haired teenager?" Kevin asked with a smile.

"Yeah. I was. Tonight she did something that shocked the holy piss out of me." I said.

"Oh?"

"She came in with a big box. I asked her what was in it, she said it was pictures her friend had taken for her for an art class over at the college," I said.

"Hmmm..." Kevin gave me the sideways glance that told me to continue.

"The pictures were of her and two of her friends. The first one was just them sitting on a sofa. The next few were of them making faces and drinking wine. Then there was one of her and one of her friends kissing."

"Oh damn!" Kevin said. I had his attention now.

"Then they were kissing topless and playing with each other's tits. Then the last one was of her kissing her friend and playing with her friend's tits, while her other friend went down on her." I said.

"And she just showed these to you?" Kevin asked.

"Yeah. I asked her what was in the box....just being curious. She said it was pictures, then pulled me into the back room to show me. Then she asked me if I thought she was a slut for doing it!" I said.

"What did you tell her?" Kevin asked.

"I told her no, that I didn't think she was a slut. I told her it looked like she had fun," I said.

"Yeah...I bet!" Kevin said with a smile. "Dude, you have to go after this chick."

"Of course I do!" I said with a smile. We were then standing in front of my door. Kevin and I said good night, and I opened the door.

"I wish I could get Beth to do something like that!" Kevin said as I stepped inside.

"You and every married guy in the world wishes he could get his wife to make out with another chick." I said.

"Yeah....well...some nights I think you were the smartest of us." Kevin said with a sigh.

"Hey....Beth's a good woman. Much better than my ex-wife. You've got no reason to divorce her." I said with a smile. "Now go home and give her my money that's in your pocket and show her how much I love her."

Kevin laughed and said, "I would, but she won't let me near her ass." 

"Go home, before you get picked up for public intox." I said with a laugh and went into my shop. 

I checked the nightly report before going upstairs to bed, and my eyes locked onto the employee check-outs. Jennifer had rented a bag-full of porno movies, all but one of them lesbian-themed.

That night my masturbatory fantasies were dominated by viridian-haired vixens with large tits and a taste for clitoris.

I was awakened early the next morning by the front-door buzzer. I got up out of bed, yawning and scratching my balls and staggered to the window. I was still a little drunk from the night before, and had to hold on to the radiator to keep from falling out onto the fire escape. Downstairs at the front door was Sharon, Jennifer's best friend - the one she had been making out with while the other girl went down on her. The sun wasn't even up. A look at the clock told me it was only 6:15 am.

"Sharon!" I shouted. "What's going on?"

"James! Oh, I'm glad you're here! Can I come in?" She shouted up.

"Hold on, let me get dressed." I pulled on my pants and slipped on my shirt, but didn't button it. Then I ran out of my apartment, down the stairs and opened the front door. "What's going on?" I asked her once we were standing face-to-face.

"It's Jennifer and Brian. He saw the...you know...the pictures she showed you...and he went ballistic! He threw a fucking fit! Well....anyway, they broke up and now she's staying at my place....but I don't have enough room for all her stuff. I was wondering if she could store some stuff in your basement." Sharon asked.

"Sure." I said, yawning. "Wow...sounds like her boyfriend....what's's'name? Brian? Sounds like he's a serious dick."

"Yeah. I've been telling her that for six months now. He's such a goddamn loser," Sharon said. "So, it's okay to pile some of her stuff in the basement?"

"Well, not the basement. It gets wet down there when it rains. But I have a spare room upstairs. She can put whatever she wants in there." I said. "She's got a key to the upstairs. Tell her to bring her stuff over before work today, and she can put whatever she's got up there."

"Okay." Sharon said with a smile. She seemed to notice my still slightly slurred speech, and probably my fresh-from-the-brewery smell. "Late night last night?"

"Yeah. I played poker badly until about 4am." I said.

"Oh shit. I'm sorry. I know it's early, but I thought you got in earlier than that," Sharon said.

"It's okay, really."

"Well, I'll tell Jennifer. We'll come by with her stuff before her shift. Which room upstairs?" Sharon asked.

"Top of the stairs, third door on the left," I said.

"Thanks again. Go on back to bed. I'm sorry I woke you," she replied.

"Don't worry about it. I'm glad I can help."

She left, heading for her apartment. I locked the door and headed back upstairs to bed. Six hours later I would forget the entire conversation and have the shock of a lifetime.

I awoke just after noon, feeling a very slight hangover. I clearly remembered having my ass handed to me over the poker table the night before. I got up out of bed and headed for the bathroom. Once in the bathroom, I started the shower and got in, letting the hot water run over me - washing away the little bit of a hangover that was rolling around in my head. Once I was certain my headache was gone, I soaped up my cock and thought about the pictures Jennifer had shown me the night before. My mind settled on the fantasy of fucking Jennifer from behind, holding a handful of her green hair and none-too-gently grinding her face into Sharon's pussy. After rubbing one out, I turned off the water, grabbed a towel and began drying my hair as I walked out of the bathroom back to my bedroom to get dressed.

I had been so lost in my fantasy while in the shower that I hadn't heard the front door open, or heard them come in, so when I bumped into Jennifer, who was squatting down as I exited the bathroom, it startled me. I pulled the towel from my head and looked down, she was bent over to put a large, heavy box on the floor. For a second, I was disoriented, wondering what the hell she was doing in my apartment - then I remembered telling Sharon earlier that she and Jennifer could store some of Jennifer's stuff in my spare room. Jennifer turned her face towards me and looked up - my dick was nearly touching her lips.

That's when I realized...I had hit her in the side of the face with my half-hard, bare cock.

"Oh god!" I said, and quickly took the towel from my head and covered my crotch.

I heard a peal of laughter from down the hall, and looked up to see Sharon coming out of the spare room.

"Damn girl, I always thought you were hot, but I didn't know you had guys beating you in the face with their dicks!" Sharon said, giggling.

Jennifer smiled, still looking up at me. My initial panic was beginning to settle down, and I noticed my dick was beginning to stiffen, pitching a tent in front of me. Still, Jennifer didn't move, she just squatted there, with the end of my cock - now covered - getting ever closer to her lips. When my dick came to full erection, the towel-covered head of it was gently resting against her lips, and she still hadn't moved.

"If you want me to suck it, you have to move the towel," Jennifer said, her lips brushing against my cock head.

My brain was still trying to sort out what she had said as my arm lifted the towel and tossed it across my shoulder. I realized I had a rather confident....downright arrogant, actually...smile on my face. How the hell was I able to act so cool on the outside and feel like a nervous wreck on the inside?

She smiled wider as I did, and without looking away from my face, grasped the root of my rod and slowly slid it in her hot little mouth. She took me all the way in on the first try, and had to move her hand to get more in her mouth. Her chin pressed against my nuts, and I could feel the softness of the back of her mouth against the head of my dick.

I heard Sharon at the end of the hall say with a giggle, "Oh my god, you fucking whore!" She walked towards us, pulling her baby-doll t-shirt over her head as she came closer.

Jennifer was slowly sliding her lips up and down my shaft, with one hand cupping my balls and the other wrapped around the root of my dick. Her tongue danced on the bottom side of the head when she pulled back, and it felt heavenly. My hands fell to her head, and my fingers combed through her green hair as she bobbed back and forth on my cock.

I looked up, and saw Sharon pulling off her shorts and panties in front of me. Her tits were wonderful, a large B cup, with tiny, light pink nipples. Sharon sat on the floor behind Jennifer and wrapped her arms around her. One hand slipped under her shirt to cup a breast and pinch a nipple, and the other slipped under the waist of her shorts to play with her pussy.

Sharon leaned close to Jennifer's ear and said "How's that cock, you nasty little whore? You've wanted that cock for a long time, haven't you?"

Jennifer nodded and moaned around my dick. Evidently Sharon's fingers had found her cunt and were beginning to work some magic on her.

"Tell you what...You suck on that cock like a good little whore, and I'll eat your pussy for you," Sharon said. With that, Sharon leaned forward and kissed the corner of Jennifer's mouth right where it connected with my cock.

Sharon began pulling down Jennifer's shorts, making her change positions. For a moment, my cock popped out of her mouth when she had shifted to her knees. Jennifer looked up at my face again and said, "I want you to come in my mouth."

I wanted to scream out *Thank you, GOD!*, but somehow I managed to keep my cool, run my fingers through her hair and say, "Then suck on it, sweetie."

As I watched Sharon lay on her back and wiggle up under Jennifer, Jennifer began sucking my cock furiously. I could hear her muffled moans around my cock. Sharon lay on her back under Jennifer, and if I looked over Jennifer, I could see Sharon playing with her own pussy with one hand. Sharon's other hand was busy with Jennifer's left tit - she had lifted Jennifer's shirt and was tweaking the nipple rather savagely.

Jennifer fucked herself in the face with my cock violently, tugging on my balls gently as she did. In a matter of minutes, I could feel the pressure rising, the muscles in my thighs tightening. I was ready to cum. My fingers grasped Jennifer's head and I began fucking into her face, just a few short, hard strokes....then I slowly pushed my cock into her mouth as far as it would go just as the first squirt of cum came out. Then I pulled back, leaving squirt after squirt of cum on her tongue. My dick squirted one more time after the head cleared her mouth, and the cum hit her lips and went in her mouth. She swallowed hard, and then began moaning.

My cock was quickly going limp again, and my knees were weak. I had been leaning against the door frame, and now simply slid down it until I was kneeling in front of Jennifer. Her head was tilted back and her eyes closed, and from her now empty mouth came ragged breaths and moaning. I pulled myself up to her, wrapped my arms around her and kissed her. In the middle of our kiss, she tensed and began shaking and moaning into my mouth as Sharon's licking and sucking on her pussy pushed her over the edge.

We were still kneeling there, holding each other and kissing when Sharon stood up beside us and said, "Awww....you two aren't, like, falling in love, are you?"

A few moments later, both girls were dressed and getting ready to leave. Jennifer hugged me, kissed me and said "We have to get another load of boxes from Sharon's before I start my shift. We'll be back soon."

Sharon grabbed my half-hard cock and gave it a playful squeeze, then leaned in and kissed me too, "And tonight, after the shop closes, you have to fuck her while she eats me."

That night, after Jennifer closed the shop, she and Sharon came upstairs dressed as Catholic school girls - pig tails, skirts, white shirts - and each one had a lollipop.