 It was nine o'clock and I had just gotten out of the shower when my cell phone rang. 

I saw that it was my friend, Brent, and answered, "Yo, Kimosabe. What's up?" 

"Man, get your ass down to the club! I have two freaky ass chicks on the line and I need your help!" 

Now, the last time Brent called me about his super finds, it was disastrous. So, I was very cautious when I responded, "Dude, I haven't forgotten the last time......." I never got a chance to say any more when he interrupted me. 

"No, brother, forget that shit! These two are ripe and ready for the picking. I'm serious Jax, get your ass down here. Please!!" 

"Okay, okay. I'll be there in a short, okay. Relax," then hung up. 

Brent and I have been friends for about six years. We were fraternity brothers in college and work at the same firm. We have done a lot of things together and had great fun most of the time. 

Brent is the same age as I am, twenty six. We are both in good physical shape and both very adventurous in nature. There aren't many things that we won't attempt. The main difference between us are our physical appearances. He has dark red hair with dark blue eyes and stands about six feet tall. My great friend is very well endowed too. He is at least eight inches long and a good two inches in girth. 

I am five feet eleven inches tall with an olive skin tone and hold a tan very well. My hair is jet black and deep brown eyes and I am told that I have a smile that lights up a room. I'm not as fortunate as my buddy as far as cock size though. I'm about six inches long but just as thick as he is. No big deal, I know, but I guess it's a guy thing. 

I arrived at the club at around ten. The place was jumping with all types of people dancing and mingling. 

As I make my way through the maze of people, I see Brent at a table at the back part of the lounge. And sure enough, there are two very lovely ladies perched atop the bar stools with him. I was soon to find out that the term "ladies" would be used loosely. 

"Jax!," Brent yelled, as he saw me walking towards them. I smiled at the two Babes as I walked closer, scouring their beauty as I drew nearer. 

I watched as the two women looked at each other, one twirling her long hair in her finger as they giggled to each other as they watched me coming to the table. 

As I stood at the table, Brent made the introductions. "Jax, I would like you to meet Carly and Sandy," extending his hand to each of the girls as he called their names. 

I responded, Brent, you damned sure were not lying when you told me that you were in the company of two drop dead gorgeous women," as I extended my hand for a hand shake to each one. 

That wasn't just a line of bullshit or male bravado about them being drop dead gorgeous, either. These ladies were exactly that. 

Carly was about five six and had light blonde hair. Sandy was about the same height as best as I could tell, and had darker blonde hair. Both of them were dressed to the nines. 

They each wore short skirts. Carly had on a low cut Vee neck blouse that accentuated her full blossoming breasts. The cleavage was so enticing, it was difficult not to admire them. 

Sandy wore a button blouse with lace ruffles on the sides of the buttons and the long sleeves as well. It was buttoned down far enough to expose her magnificent breast, too. I would guess Carly to be about a 36 C and Sandy about a forty C. 

They had their make up expertly donned. It seemed as if they used very little, which allowed their natural beauty to show through. They were good at looking sharp, obviously. 

I felt my loins begin to tweak as I gathered their delicate scent of perfume and clean hair in my nostrils. 

Brent, being the first to spot them, already had a fancy for Sandy, so he asked her to dance as another tune bolted from the huge speakers around the dance floor. 

After they left the table, I asked Carly if she would care to dance. She told me maybe the next one. We sat and talked as we drank, and it seemed as if we had known each other for a long time in only a matter of a few short minutes. 

"You're a great conversationalist," I told her. 

She giggled and replied, "Well, that's not something I get told very often by a guy I've just met!" 

I guess she could sense that I felt kind of stupid for saying that. "Thank you, Jax. I think I like that!" 

It was nearing closing time and Brent walked over to me. "Dude, we need to make a move," meaning we needed to use our best lines to try and score with these two fine ladies. 

"Relax, brother." I reassured him. 

"Would you like to come to our place and continue this party?" I asked.

Brent was about to have a fit at my boldness as he stood behind them and shook his head a few times, as if in disbelief. 

Sandy replied, smiling brightly, "No, we don't think so." I was feeling deflated by the denial until she continued, "But we would love for you guys to come to our place." 

I felt my heart race and my cock lurch with hearing her words. "We could use a ride home though. We always take a cab when we go and party, you know, for safety sake and all." 

I probably smiled bigger than I ever had and Brent was all teeth as well. "Ladies, our pleasure!," I replied. 

We left Brent's car at the bar and we helped Carly and Sandy into the back seat of my Firebird. I fired up the engine and we scooted into traffic then roared down the freeway at their directions. 

They lived on the other side of the city from us and I was familiar with the area, so I didn't need too much direction, until we got closer. 

After about fifteen minutes of driving, we heard some giggling in the back seat. I almost ran off the road when I peered into the rear view mirror. 

Carly had Sandy pinned against the side of the back seat while they wrestled. Sandy's button up shirt was nearly completely opened now. Her big melons bounced and swayed as Carly continued to poke and tickle her friends ribs. Not to mention that as she tried to ward off Carly from further attack, her legs pushed against her friend, exposing her creamy thighs all the way up to her sheer micro fiber thong. 

I guess that Carly and Sandy noticed that they were the only noise in the car and saw my eyes watching them in the mirror, and Brent half turned around watching their play as well. 

"Hey guys. If I tell you something, will you promise not to run away?" Sandy purred. 

"Brent was first to respond, "Sure, we won't run away. What is it?" 

You're damned right we wouldn't run away. I don't know if you've heard or not, but a guys fantasy is watching two girls go one on one with each other, whether in play or in mortal combat. 

"Well....," Carly was already shaking her head and whispering her disapproval when Sandy said in a sexy coy voice, "We're bi-sexual. We just love men and their cocks, but we also love each others pussies." 

I swear, my Firebird HAD to have been on auto pilot this night, because that is the only reason that I can think of as to why we didn't run off the road right at that moment! 

My eyes must have been smiling as brightly in the mirror as my mouth was. Brent let his head purposely fall to the head rest as he fiend passing out from her announcement. 

"Soooo, I guess that's not a problem?" Sandy cooed. 

"Not one iota, Darlin," I replied quickly. 

Instinctively, I pressed the gas pedal further down to get us to their place faster. Once I arrived onto the side of town where they stayed, 

I was just getting ready to ask for directions, when Carly said, "Turn here." 

We were now headed into "Bayside Estates". This was the creme de le creme. This is the area where the Big Whigs lived, mansions upon mansions. 

I eased up to the gate, when Carly gave me the code to enter into the keypad. The heavy wrought iron gates parted and allowed us entry. 

"Go to the second street and turn left, Jax. The house is the third one on the left." 

We pulled into the wide semi-circled driveway and I stopped the Bird in front of the doorway. As Brent and I got out, we must have looked like to bumpkins in the city for the first time. 

We both gazed at the fifteen plus room house and the surrounding property. We were suddenly slapped back into reality when Sandy made a sound as though to clear her throat. 

Brent and I both helped each of the girls from the backseat by extending a hand to each of them. They made damned sure that we got an eye full as they slid out of the low riding car. 

Their short mini skirts rode high above their hips, and to our surprise they were nude under the skirts. Carly spread her legs very wide apart as I stood looking and assisting her. I could see moisture between her folds. My cock began to swell in anticipation. 

When they were both out of the car and standing, they each handed both of us their wet crotch panties. 

Sandy and Carly began walking to the front door and Brent and I followed. I lifted Carly's moist panties to my nose and breathed in her erotic scent. It was a light, but with heady musk I suppose from the excitement of their play in the back seat on the way here. 

The heavy wooden and etched glass door opened into a gigantic foyer. There was all sorts of art work and artifacts placed on antique wooden tables all around the grand room. 

I'm thinking that you may be wondering the same thing that Brent and I were. Who the hell are these girls, to live in such grandeur? My only comment to that is, why question fortune as good as this? Just enjoy, and we were about to. 

Sandy and Carly ran up the long winding stairway until they were about six steps ahead of us. 

"This way guys. We don't want you to miss out on anything." 

We quickly headed to the stairway and they waited until we were about four stairs behind them before they continued up. This gave us a full view under their short skirts. 

As they sashayed up each step, we watched their hot tight little asses sway from side to side. We could see that both of them were void of any hair and their full luscious lips were very pronounced between their firm slender thighs. 

My heart was racing as my blood raced through my body and cock. Finally at the top of the stairs we entered a huge bedroom. 

Hell, my whole apartment could have fit easily inside this one bedroom. There was a love seat and a sofa, a recliner, full wet bar, humongous bathroom with two shower heads and two sinks with a full width mirror. 

And then, there was the bed. It was on a platform that rose a good step above the floor of the room. The bed was round in size and at least ten feet in diameter. Above it was a huge mirror with twinkle lights surrounding the edge of it. 

Carly flipped a switch and I swear, you'd think you were in deep space with the way the lights twinkled against the smoky mirrored glass. 

But, my mind was not focused on the surroundings any more. My eyes met Carly's. I walked to her and wrapped her into my arms and leaned in to kiss her. 

Her heat only radiated the sensual redolence of her perfume combined with the light flowery scent of her hair. Our lips were inches from connecting, when I paused as we gazed deeply into each others eyes. 

I waited for her to indicate her acceptance, then she pressed forward until our lips met. Her kiss was soft and moist. Her lips were moist and pliable as I pressed harder against hers. 

Our lips parted in unison as our tongues barely touched at first, then began grazing fully over each others. Our kiss lasted for a few minutes, until we broke. 

Then, I leaned in again after a two second pause and we began to kiss again this time with more passion and urgency. 

Our cadence was broken by the moans coming from the other side of the bed where Brent and Sandy were kissing and now beginning to paw at each others wanton bodies. 

Carly and I watched as they entwined first their tongues, then their legs around each other. I guess Sandy felt our eyes watching them when she stopped kissing Brent and stepped back from him. Carly then smiled at her girl friend. 

In hindsight, it now seems that they had rehearsed their routine before. 

Suddenly Carly pushed me back onto the big bed as Sandy did to Brent. We both wound up lying half undressed on the bed looking at both of the ladies. 

Carly and Sandy both turned and began walking towards each other on the platform around the bed. When they met in the middle, they each began to disrobe the others scant clothing. 

First, Sandy lifted Carly's blouse up over her head, then Carly removed Sandy's blouse. 

Then, Carly turned around as Sandy unfastened her bra and slowly slid the straps down her slender shoulders letting the sheer fabric fall freely to the floor. 

Carly's breasts were more beautiful than I imagined them. Her nipples already taut and erect. 

Now it was Sandy's turn as Carly did the same act to her. When her bra fell, it unleashed her massive pert mounds of hot sexy flesh. Her nipples protruded out away from the soft globes about an inch. The proverbial pencil erasers. 

Next came the short skirts. Carly knelt behind Sandy and slowly tugged the skirt down over her curvy hips. Sandy's butt cheeks were as evenly tanned as the rest of her flesh. 

Once Carly had the skirt to the floor, she gave a playful smack on the right globe of Sandy's firm ass. It barely shook. Then Carly kissed where she had just swatted, a long soft kiss. 

Before she stood to have Sandy disrobe her, from her skirt, she pried Sandy's meaty ass cheeks apart enough to produce a dark shadow between her crack, then stuck out her pointed tongue and took a slow lingering lick right up the center of her behind. Sandy squealed as Carly's tongue tickled her asshole. 

At that very second, both Brent and myself would have given anything to have been where Carly was. I do believe that both of our noses sniffed the air in hopes of a hint of her musk. 

Carly stood up and waited while Sandy knelt in front of her. Our eyes darted to each of them, gazing at their beauty as they continued their play. Sandy slowly tugged Carly's skirt down inch by inch. 

Finally, she was standing totally nude before us and in front of Sandy. Sandy licked her from high inside her thigh up to her smoothly shaven pussy lips. 

We both noticed the moisture that glinted on Carly's puffy lips before Sandy dragged her wet tongue over each lip, then straight up the center. 

When Sandy's tongue grazed her clit, Carly tossed her head back and moaned a deep low moan. Sandy continued her play with quick little licks, then a deep probing with her tongue into Carly's seeping twat. 

Wanting to put on a show for us, Sandy scooted around until she was sitting on the floor facing us on the bed, with Carly standing directly over her facing us as well. 

Then Sandy tilted her head backwards and lifted her chin up to meet Carly's spread pussy lips. When her tongue stuck out and swiped at Carly's vulnerable lips and clit, we could see every delectable lick at her hot pussy. 

My cock was harder than I ever remember it being. 

Sandy kept licking then sucking at her pussy until Carly was moaning louder and longer. She took two fingers and easily slid them inside of Carly's sopping pussy all the way up to her knuckles. She fucked her like this for a couple of minutes changing the speed and ferocity of her thrusts frequently. When she fucked her hard, Carly's breasts would sway from the torment of the fingers fucking her. 

Hot damn!, what an erotic sight. 

We could tell that they had been partners for a while, because Sandy knew to the millisecond when Carly was at her peak, only to back off or stop completely. After ten minutes they swapped roles. 

Carly's eyes were glazed with lust of her impending climax. She helped Sandy to stand up from the floor and then sucked her breast into her mouth before she had stood completely straight. I mean she sucked hard, too. 

We could see Sandy's massive mound strain to cram into Carly's constant sucking mouth. Then she would pull away, causing a loud pop as Sandy's breast shook from the powerful suction. 

As soon as her breast was free, Carly attacked the other one with the same intensity, sucking the same way. Now, Sandy was moaning with pleasure, as she massaged her long nails into the thick fluff of Carly's blonde hair. 

Once Carly had sufficiently sucked the nerve endings in Sandy's breasts to full state of alert she spun her facing the bed and shoved her forward, making her beautiful nude body land heavily between me and Brent. 

She then swatted her hard on either of her ass cheeks, leaving a faint red hand print on them. 

"On your knees, my little bitch," Carly said gruffly. 

Sandy responded instantly and lifted her waist up until she was on her knees, chest to the mattress and tight, freshly spanked ass wagging in the air. 

Brent and I watched as Carly's face disappeared between Sandy's firm cute butt. Sandy began to moan as Carly lapped away at her exposed asshole and dripping pussy lips. 

I couldn't take any more, and quickly unfastened my jeans and stripped them off along with my boxer briefs all at the same time. Brent followed suit almost in unison. 

There we lay, Sandy no more than a foot away from our protruding, lust filled cocks between us. It didn't take more than a quick glance from Sandy before she had my cock in her mouth and Brent's cock in her hand. Carly really had her fired up, because she devoured my full six inches on the first gulp. My small black patch of pubic hair just above my swollen cock brushed her nose. 

Brent was standing at his full eight inches and the veins on his fair skinned cock looked like someone had etched pencil thin dark purple lines in streaks all along the shaft. Then, there was the thick vein. It rose away from the taut flesh about a quarter of an inch and was bluish in color. 

As Sandy bobbed up and down on my cock like a maddened fiend, I felt my cock head flare to it's fullest as it pressed against the back of her willing throat. I knew that if she didn't stop soon, and I mean real soon, I would blast a huge load deep into her tummy. Even though the thought was appealing like never before, I wanted a piece of Carly. So on Sandy's ascent, I slid my hips away from her before she could gobble my cock again. 

When I stood up from the bed, I felt my balls, like heavy cum laden plums, brushing against the insides of my thighs. They were hot against my warm thighs. They burned with a sexual fever of lust and desire. As they hung loosely and touched my legs, I envisioned the thick white cum bubbling like white lava in a volcano. 

By this time I watched as Sandy quickly replaced my cock in her mouth with my best buddy's cock. 

She had to struggle a bit to take Brent to the base with his extra two inches, but she did manage. In fact, I actually saw her lick his balls underneath once her face was buried in his nest of red pubic hair. The visual was sending my passion to an even higher level. 

As Carly kept lapping at Sandy from behind, I laid on the floor under her and slid underneath her. Now, her dripping snatch was a mere half inch from my hungry mouth. I stuck my long tongue out and lifted upward until I felt the heat from her pussy surrounding my tongue. 

My nose was buried between her semi-spread folds and pressed firmly against her large swollen clit. I have never seen a clit as large as hers, except in a few porn pictures on the net. 

I jabbed my tongue in and out of her hot cunny as my nose pressed and wagged against her thick flesh trigger, side to side. 

In a matter of a minute or two, I heard Sandy squealing in a muffled voice, her mouth full of Brent's cock, then instantly behind her Carly crying out in between her lapping at Sandy's pussy that she too was Cumming. 

I grasped her hips in my hands and held on for dear life, as I jabbed my tongue in and out of her, reaching in as deeply as I could each time. She rewarded me with a small splash of girl cum against my chin then a heavy gush of her clear slippery cum directly on to my jabbing tongue. I sucked and lapped like there was no tomorrow. I wanted to devour all of it. I absolutely loved eating pussy and eating the aftermath It was my just dessert. 
