 My girlfriend and I are both students at a large Southern University. We recently took sexual education together as an elective, as we heard it was a great class. It was a great class, and it led us into the most sexual experience of our lives!

Stacey and I have been together since High School, and are currently in our Junior year in college. We enjoy a great sexual relationship, and try to be very open to new ideas and experiences. That's one reason we signed up for Sexual Education. We thought we might learn something new.

The class was great! We got into almost every aspect of sexuality from impotence and other sexual disorders to group sex and sadomasochism. The class was taught by a very open minded professor, who would often show videos, which were very erotic, and also would teach from clinical research studies from all over the world.

Stacey and I especially enjoyed the chapter on multiple orgasms. We were taught how to find the G-spot, how to stimulate the clitoris for maximum pleasure, and basically how to have great sex!

Stacey was eager to try out our new found knowledge, and after a few attempts, I was giving her the best orgasms she had ever had. I could keep her cumming for as long as she could handle it, and often she would be totally exhausted afterwards.

Stacey is a screamer, and tends to yell out while having an orgasm. I love it! It is the biggest turn on to me to hear Stacey scream out with pleasure. Her body tenses up, and she shakes all over, her pussy contracting around my fingers as I rub her G-spot and lick her clit and around her little pink lips.

Stacey shares a fairly large two story apartment with two of her sorority sisters, who are both very hot, but aren't very outgoing. They date these really boring kind of guys who aren't really worried about pleasing there women. So Heather and Jen didn't really know what good sex was. They weren't even sure if they had had an orgasm before, if you can believe that.

Stacey tells them all about our sex life, and they joke about how loud Stacey gets. I think they enjoy listening. Anyway, a couple of weeks ago I caught Heather and Jen peaking in on Stacey and I, as I was performing the multiple orgasm trick.

Stacey was moaning loudly, and I had my face buried in her muff, two of my fingers sliding in and out of her pussy, rubbing against the inside of her pubic bone. She was shaking and grinding her pussy against my face wildly. I heard something and looked up and saw the two girls peaking in the door.

"Come on in", I said.

They were embarrassed, and started to walk back downstairs, but Stacey asked them to come in.

"We're sorry," Heather said.

"We just had to see what was making you scream like that."

"I've been trying to tell you!" Stacey said.

"We learned it in Sex Ed, and Jeff is great at it!"

Stacey and I were both naked, and I could tell her roommates felt a little uncomfortable with the situation.

"We could show you how to do it," I said.

"Not that Josh or Tim would ever take the time to do it, but maybe one day you will date guys that care!"

"That's a great idea!" Stacey said.

"You guys have to experience this, it's the best sex ever!"

I was a little surprised that Stacey was actually considering this, but she is pretty open with her good friends, and I think that she felt it was important for her friends to get a little enjoyment out of sex.

Heather and Jen looked at each other, and then Jen asked my girlfriend how we would teach them.

Stacey thought about it, and said "well, you have to experience it to learn what it feels like before you can learn how it's done."

"I don't mind letting Greg do it, I mean we're all friends, and it's not like we're going to tell anyone."

I couldn't believe it! Stacey was actually suggesting that I sexually stimulate both of her roommates for purely educational purposes. I tried to hide my excitement, but could feel my cock getting hard.

"Well I guess that would be OK, as long as we don't tell anyone," Jen said. "And as long as Greg is OK with it, " Heather said.

"Oh, I'm sure he won't mind, will you?" Stacey asked.

"As long as it's for educational purposes," I replied sarcastically.

"When should we do it?" Heather asked.

"How about right now", I said.

Before anyone could reply I said "I'll go lock the door," and ran downstairs.

When I went back upstairs, Jen and Heather were in bed with Stacey with the covers over them, their clothes lying next to the bed. I was still naked, and couldn't help getting a hard on, after all, I was about to have sex with two beautiful girls, and my girlfriend is cool with it!

I got on the bed, and asked who wanted to go first.

Heather and Jen looked at Stacey for guidance, and Stacey said for Jen to go first.

I pulled back the covers, and still couldn't believe my good fortune. Lying on the bed in front of me were three gorgeous young girls, completely naked, waiting for me to give them the most pleasurable experience of their lives.

I grabbed Jen by the ankles and pulled her towards me on the bed. Jen is about 5'3", with shoulder length blonde hair, little round tits, and a very tight little body from being a gymnast. It was the first time I had seen her completely nude. She was pretty tan, and her pussy was neatly shaven with a small patch of light brown pubic hair at the top.

"Now the first step is always foreplay," I was trying to sound scientific.

"You've got to be aroused before you can ever have an orgasm."

I looked up at Stacey, "Am I right?"

"Yes, of course," she said.

"Close your eyes and relax."

I started by gently sliding my hands up and down Jen's body, caressing her tits and stomach slowly. Jen got goose bumps, and her nipples began getting hard. I then kneeled over her and began kissing her soft neck, nibbling on her tiny earlobes, working my way down to her lovely tits. I kissed Jen's chest and tits softly, still caressing her stomach with my hand. Her nipples were light brown, and very erect. I took them into my mouth, flicking them with my tongue, as I took each of her tits into my mouth. Jen began to tremble, and was breathing deeply. Stacey and Heather were watching intently as their roommate became more and more aroused.

I moved down to her stomach and kissed my way down to Jen's muscular little thighs, licking and kissing them up and down while gently caressing her lower stomach and her soft little muff.

I slowly spread Jen's legs, kissing and caressing her inner thighs, finally reaching her smoothly shaven crotch.

I spread her lips with my fingers, revealing Jen's extremely wet little pussy. It was light pink and was glistening with her wetness.

I looked up at Stacey and Heather, who also seemed pretty excited. Stacey was rubbing her tits with one hand and her pussy with the other. I was extremely excited as well, and my cock was stiff as can be.

I placed my face over Jen's crotch, taking in her sweet scent, and began licking the inside of her wet lips up and down.

Jen's body shook, and she let out a little squeal. I continued licking her slowly for a minute or two, and then slowly inserted one and then two fingers into her tight little hole.

Jen's pussy was so sweet and wet that I felt like I was going to cum. I worked my fingers in and out of her slowly while still licking her pink lips. She was moaning softly, her eyes closed and her face tense with excitement.

I began rubbing my fingers against her pubic bone, and felt her muscles contract when I found her G-spot. I then moved my mouth up over her little clit, licking it slowly at first, but then faster, taking it in and out of my lips.

Within seconds, Jen arched her back and began to cum. Her pussy muscles squeezed my fingers tightly as I rubbed up and down over her g-spot. "aaaahhhh, oh yes, oh my god, oh yes," she was screaming, her face tensed, and her head moving from side to side.

I looked up at my girlfriend, who was watching Jen's facial expressions, and rubbing her pussy furiously. I think she might have cum as well.

I kept this up for a few minutes, and Jen had one orgasm after another. When I stopped, Jen's body relaxed, and she tried to catch her breath.

I was still sporting a huge woody, and I was starting to get blue balls. I laid down between Stacey and Jen, looking to my girlfriend for a little relief.

Stacey knew what I wanted, and began stroking my swollen cock as Heather watched closely.

Jen finally looked up, "that was incredible" "I can't believe I've been missing out on that for this long." "Thank you!" Jen said, smiling up at me.

I ran my fingers through Jen's soft blonde hair, and gently nudged her head towards my lap, "feel free to return the favor any time," I said.

Jen got the hint and looked up at Stacey for approval.

Stacey was reluctant, but finally said, "go ahead."

Jen got up eagerly, and went down on my cock, wrapping her soft lips around my dick head and then taking it all into her mouth. It felt great! I just laid my head back and closed my eyes, my hands resting on Jen's head as she bobbed up and down over my prick.

"Can I go now?" Heather asked.

I didn't reply, as I was in my own little world.

"Sure!" Stacey replied.

"I've been wanting to try it on someone myself, you don't mind, do you?"

"Well I guess not, it's not like we're gay or something."

Jen gave great head. She was deep-throating my cock while gently rubbing my balls, her tongue licking the base of my dick head every time she came up. I told her I was about to cum, so that she would be ready, expecting her to stop, but she didn't. She let me cum in her mouth and took it all in, not stopping 'till she was sure I was done.

"Thank you, that was great." I said.

Jen leaned up and gave me a kiss, "any time," she whispered.

I hadn't been paying attention to Stacey and Heather, and was surprised to find my girlfriend with her face buried in another girl's crotch. She had never been with another girl before, and I was extremely turned on as I watched her fingers slide in and out of Heather's pussy, and her tongue licking circles around Heather's clit.

Heather was bucking wildly against Stacey's face, her hands clutching the back of Stacy's head, holding her tightly against her pussy. She started to cum, letting out a high pitched cry, and creaming all over Stacy's face.

Jen laid down beside me and rested her head on my chest, as we watched Stacey and Heather. "That was wonderful," she said.

We were all exhausted, and fell asleep in bed together. Hopefully we'll do it again sometime.