 Edited by Cute Vixen

After pressing the intercom button, I said, "Julie!  Please come in and bring the file on Ms. Sellers."   

A moment later, Julie entered the office with a file folder in hand.  I smiled at my beautiful, full breasted secretary.  Although we had a working relationship, we truly shared some intimate times in our work.  

Bending over my desk, Julie handed me the file but not before she revealed the long, sexy cleavage, peeking from her hunter green dress.  Immediately, my eyes begin to drink in her beauty, her loveliness, her…

"Gotcha!"  Julie said, as she wiggled her breasts causing her cleavage line to ripple.  

I shook my head and laughed for she always caught me off guard with her enchanting ways.  I certainly didn't mind for it kept things interesting around the office.  Obviously, I had much to learn about my blonde enchantress.  

Frowning a little, she said, "You're not serious about using her in this new photo shoot, are you?"  

"Actually, I am!  We need someone in the mid fifties to play the role.  She is 56 and even has an extensive background in nursing.  Since the magazine editor wants to use a medical theme, what better person could we get than her?"  I said.  

"Hmmm, well," Julie muttered, "She is pretty for her age!  Her butt is quite curvy but don't you think it's a little bit big?"  

"Hard to tell in these pics, Julie!  Let's go ahead and call her in for an appointment to see how she looks naked on the set.  If she doesn't work out, then she made some quick money, right?"

"Right!"  Julie said, as she walked around to my side of the desk.  

Taking her hand, I pulled her onto my lap.  My dick was already hardening as I felt her sexy butt and thighs press against me.  Immediately, I held her close and we kissed passionately, our tongues playing in mutual intercourse.  

As my cock stiffened, Julie whispered into my face, "So who is going to play the other parts?  We need a male patient, a nurse trainee, and a doctor!!"  

Kissing her passionately, my right hand found and fondled her left 38-C tit.  She wiggled her ass in my lap as my cock pushed upward to stimulate her.  She began to moan as our tongues played together.  My hands moved all over and around her fully dressed form only to learn she wasn't wearing any panties or bra.  

With her hot breath in my ear, she begged, "Strip me, Michael!  I want your hands all over my body!"  

Her words were all I needed to hear for my desires for her had reached an equal high.  Pushing her off, I stood to strip this gorgeous specimen of womanhood.  Her dress came off easily to reveal her curvy delights.  Her pussy was wet with her anticipation, her nipples were hard and ready to be sucked, and her ass cheeks were fully ready to be fondled, licked, spread, and ravished.  

Likewise, Julie unbuckled my belt, unclasped my slacks, and removed my clothing, all the while staring into my eyes with a wanton, glazed look that could have gotten me off right then and there.  When she reached for my dick, it sprang from its shelter into her caressing hand, which made me groan and breathe deeply.  Her soft, petite but strong fingers wrapped around my shaft stroking it gently and purposefully.  

"Good morning, Mikey!"  She said, as she giggled and caressed my cock.  

As she stroked it, I fondled her breasts, while we looked into each other's eyes.  Our passions were strong but neither one of us took charge until I tweaked her nipples.  

She kissed me lightly and then whispered in a lusty tone, "Stick Big Mikey into wet Julie." 

Immediately, I pulled her nude, sexy body into mine.  My hands slid around to her back and ass, while my tongue went to work on her breasts.  She threw her head back to enjoy the pleasure, my hands fondling and squeezing her hot ass cheeks.  Sucking her nipple into my mouth, I bit down gently to make her groan in gentle pain and she responded with a hiss of approval.  

I turned her around and began licking, kissing, and gently sucking her delicious shoulders.  Julie breathed in and out with desire while my finger tips gently pinched and played with her hardened, pink nipples.  My tongue licked her soft skin, trailing across her shoulder blades, back and forth and downward.  I was rock hard and ready for action but I wanted to give this beautiful lady the licking she deserved.  She had done so much for me and it pleased me to take care of her wants, her needs, and her sexual desires.  

Softly, I fondled and squeezed her breasts as the tip of my tongue licked her spinal column.  My finger tips prodded her belly and playfully entered her button, while I pursued downward to her gorgeous round butt.  Her body quivered at times as I ran my fingers up and down her soft skin, moving ever closer to her secret crevasse, the place that drove her wild with desires.  Her breathing intensified as I reached my goal and without warning, I plunged my wet tongue into the top of her crack.  

"Oh Michael!"  She moaned.  "Oh, oh, Michael"  

With each second of tongue probing pleasure, Julie moved her butt in response.  My tongue alternated between her cheeks and crack, sending waves of forbidden pleasure throughout her body.  She spread her legs apart to give me access and bent over to put her hands on her knees while I kissed and gently bit into her rounded lobes.  

Continuing to lick downward, I tasted the top of her legs, while my hands gently caressed her inner thighs.  She trembled in ecstasy and her body writhed as she groaned and moaned her wanton approval.  Reaching the slight bend of her knees, my tongue lashed more seductively as I slid my hands down to her ankles and feet.  Julie cooed and begged me to lick her body and I continued my downward movement until my tongue probed her ankles.  

"Oooooh, Michael!  Mi, Mi, Michael!" she cooed as the tingling sensations overwhelmed her.  Julie pinched and pulled her nipples in joyous response, while her mouth opened to let out a mixture of squeal and moan.  

Julie then turned around, giving me full access to her frontal view.  Starting back up her legs, my tongue suddenly experienced a sensation I had not expected so quickly.  Drops of sweet nectar dripped from her firry mound, falling down to my licking, probing tongue.  My desire to eat this hot woman's pussy practically made me cum right then and there but I wanted to drive her wild with lust before I drove my tongue into her sweet, firry mound.  

"Ah Michael!" she squealed.  "Eat me!  Lick me!  Devour me!"  

As she pleaded with me to eat her pussy, I caressed her upper thighs.  Her legs spread further apart in anticipation and her breathing increased with her sounds of sexual desire as my lips and tongue devoured her inner softness.  

I pulled back to view the sexual frenzy I'd created, only to see her cuntal drops fall downward to strike and splatter on my cock and then coat my balls.  The sensation of each drop filled my body with a wanton desire to stand upward and spear this blonde cunt and lift her into the air.  Julie's body writhed, her heart pounded, my cock raged, and the moment built to a point of no return.  At this sensation, I couldn't hold back any longer.  I plunged my face into her dripping, wet pussy and ate her cunt like I hadn't eaten one in years.  Julie screamed out in ecstasy.  With one hand, she grabbed my head and pulled my face and probing tongue into her blonde haired mound then let out a string of forceful commands.  

"Eat me you cunt lover!  Fuck me with that tongue pussy licker!  C'mon babe!  C'mon babe!  C'mon!  Lick me good!"  

As I drove my tongue in and out of her hairy cunt, my right hand slid between her parted legs in search of her anal treasure.  I grabbed her ass but left my thumb resting on her pucker causing her to buck in response.  Her wetness was so thorough that I was able to plunge my thumb upward, into her ass with ease.  Julie let out a deep moan and grabbed my head so tightly that I could hardly breathe.  Her ass muscles were spasming as pleasure shot upward through her body.  

Then throwing her head back, she squealed, "Aaaaaeeeiiioooo Michael!!!  Eat me!!!  Eat meeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!"    

My thumb stayed buried in the darkness and my tongue continued to lap the liquid of her sex as Julie's breathing began to calm.  She sighed as she began to lessen her grip until my mouth pulled back from her sweet, wet pussy.  Looking at her, I saw her school girl smile.  She slowly opened her eyes and in them I detected both her satisfaction and a faint wish that silently said, "I want more."   She confirmed it by three quick anal spasms on my thumb.  Standing up, I pulled my plug out of her gripping butt, making her yelp at the sudden change.

I looked into her eyes and said, "I'm going to fuck the daylights out of you, Julie!"   

"You'd better, give me, Mikey and fast!"  She said.  

Julie hopped up on my desk and put her hands back to steady herself, while her legs spread wide to accommodate my big dick.  Putting Mikey up to her neatly trimmed pussy, I thrusted inside her, hearing her let out a loud moan of approval.  She still felt the sensitivity of just being eaten and this started a wave of pleasure toward another cum soaked orgasm.  

"Oooooh!  Fuck!  Your cock is so big!"  Julie screamed.  "I can feel every inch of it!"  She said in delight.  

"You need a big cock, you fucking secretary!" I moaned, as my dick thrust in and out of her hungry, blonde pussy.  

With her mouth wide open, she pleaded for more as I continued to pump the full length of my prick into her hairy, wet cunt.  In, out, in, out, in and out, and in and out, went my cock from its head to my balls.  The slickness of her juices completely coated my rod and with each stroke, her pussy made slurping noises that intensified my lust to pump her and fill her cunt with Mikey's creamy, white load.   

"Fill me up, Mikey!  You're such a big dick!"  She said.  "Squirt Julie, Mikey!  Squirt me!"  She pleaded.  

Pumping her cunt faster and faster, I grabbed and held onto her tits like there was no tomorrow.  She let out moans and continued to beg me to fuck her with Mikey.  

"Come on fucker!  Give it to me, fucker!  Pump my soaked cunt!  Fuck me!  Fuck me!  Fuck me!  Fuck me!"  She demanded.  

"You're a fucking slut!  My personal bitch!"  I growled, as my dick rammed harder into her deep, wet tunnel.  

"Fuck me, Michael!" she yelled, "Fuck my hairy pussy!"  

In, out, in, out, in, out, in, out, "Miiiiiiiiiiiiichael!" she screamed as her cunt clamped down on my just about to explode cock.  My balls were mashed against her while my cock filled her hungry pussy.  She moaned and groaned in ecstasy and her legs began to flail.  

In the midst of her panting, she moaned, "Cum in my pussy, Mikey!!!"  

Then, her pussy grabbed Mikey and held on for the most electrifying orgasm in her life.  I pushed Mikey as deep into her as possible, as her hungry twat sucked feverishly at my full length cock.  At her peak, she moaned deeply and then squealed with so high a pitch, I feared the windows would explode.  Her shrieks of pleasure filled the room as I barely managed to keep from exploding inside her.  

Growling, I pulled out my dripping wet cock, spread her butt cheeks apart, and slowly pushed Mikey into her deep, hot anal canal.  She groaned as she felt every inch of her backdoor penetration.  I grunted deeply as her ass muscles began to milk my rod.  My cock throbbed violently as Mikey began to blast his thick streams of white cum into her hidden darkness.  


"Give it to me!" she growled, "Fill my ass with cum!!"

When I had completely emptied my sperm, into my secretary's butt, she looked into my eyes with a satisfied smile.  

Trying to catch my breath, I said, with my semi hard cock still buried in her anus, "You, my dear, will be the nurse trainee and I will be the patient!  The doctor is some guy from the agency!  The camera man is new but came highly recommended by the editor."  

We broke into laughter at the delayed response, and then Julie said, sweetly, "I'll do anything for you, Michael!"  Slowly, I pulled my dick out of her cum filled butt, bent over and licked her sweet, pussy, then pulled her up to kiss her passionately again.  

Softly, I said, "And I will do anything for you, Julie!"  

As we enjoyed the aroma of sex in my office, I said to my freshly fucked secretary, "Go call Ms. Sellers and tell her we want her to come to the photography studio at 9am, sharp!  Make it Friday morning!"  

Julie giggled and hopped off my desk.   She didn't even put her dress back on but went running out to her office, with big tits bouncing.  At the entrance, she bent over and peaked at me through her spread legs.  

"Michael, if having my holes filled is what its like to be a trainee, well then…" her voice stopped as she wiggled her round butt signifying the end of her sentence.  

On Friday morning at the studio, I met the photographer and Karen Sellers.  The editor of the mag was also there to discuss the theme of the photo shoot. He, and his secretary, eyed Karen with deep approval, not to mention my full breasted, blonde babe.  Even the photographer, poor man, was sporting a look and a harden to boot.  Unfortunately, he was banned to the camera action while the rest of us either participated or watched.  

"Here's the idea!" the editor said.  "The patient has been admitted to the hospital for some reconditioning.  He's anemic and in much need of a rise in energy level.  The two nurses, under the direction of the doctor will be administering a treatment to him called Sexual Medicine.  Each day, a new treatment is prescribed, depending upon the progress of the patient.  The photographs will show the various aspects of this new medical break through and as a result, we sell lots of magazines."  

Changing into our respective outfits, we joined together for a still picture on the set.  The set was a typical hospital, patient room with the typical adjustable bed.  I climbed into the bed to await the doctor's orders.  Nurse Karen and Nurse Julie stood on either side of the bed while the doctor stood at the end.  We would play through the scene while the photographer snapped the pics, that is if he could.  He already sported a full erection in his pants, the kind that would blow if the least amount of stimulation occurred.  

"Mr. Anemic!  I've examined your chart thoroughly now and feel the best course of treatment would be Sexual Medicine!  These two highly skilled nurses will do the procedure today and probably two different nurses will administer tomorrow's dose.  This should build up your red blood cell count to give you more energy and before you know it, you'll be good as new!" the doctor said.  

He left the room and Nurse Karen took over, as she explained the procedure to her assistant, Nurse Julie.  Both of the nurses moved to the end of my bed, and began to remove each other's scrub shirt.  Neither was wearing a bra so the lifting of the blue material revealed two sets of gorgeous, round breasts.  Karen's were 44-D while Julie's were 38-C.  Karen's nipples were pink and extended out at least a half inch.  Julie's were smaller but still pert and ready to be sucked and pinched.  

From time to time, they glanced at me and wiggled their tits to see if they could get a rise out of me.  It worked, needless to say, and I found my cock poking up through the stupid hospital gown.  The result was a tent like structure of some magnitude.  This pleased both Karen and Julie so they continued their sexual exploits.  Mutually, they fondled one another's melons and played with each other's hardened nipples.  Cooing and sighing filled the air until Karen told Julie to hug her and kiss her.  Julie moved to wrap her arms around Karen, no small feat with those big tits, and Karen returned the same.  Their mouths locked together, their tongues began probing, and their luscious titty mounds mashed together into the most exciting, titillating scene I've ever experienced.  

As they kissed, each would move back and forth, rubbing flesh against flesh and nipples against nipples.  The result was staggering as I stroked my cock, buried under my gown.  Cries and moans of muffled, sexual excitement came from the two blonde nurses until Karen broke away, panting and trying to catch her breath.  Julie's breathing had turned into an erratic exhale of lust.  Mutually staring into each other's eyes, they continued to massage their mounds together in a harmony so passionate that I thought each might cum just from the fondling.  Amazingly, they didn't but the camera man did!  In the midst of snapping close-ups, his left pant leg began to darken, as his cum spewed.  

"Uuuuuuhg!" Mr. Camera cried out.  

Meanwhile, both nurses threw their heads back to moan their pleasures, all the while my cock raged in anticipation of what was to come.  Then, they turned so that Julie was facing me while Karen pleasured her assistant's tits, exclusively.  Eventually, Karen faced me while Julie did the same.  Her breasts were much larger so Julie's petite hands were dwarfed as she caressed and fondled Karen's big melon tits.  

The result, however, was the same for I felt such a rise in my desire to fuck one of them or both of them, if possible.  Then, I sat up in bed to raise my gown to release my throbbing member.  Karen squealed with delight at my progress, all the while Julie cupped Karen's tits and pinched her succulent nipples.  My cock waved at both of them as I pulled it from under my gown.  

Evidently, my eyes must have closed because the next sensation I felt, was that of a mouth sucking my rock, hard dick.  Opening them, I saw Karen's head bobbing up and down on my shaft, only to be replaced by Nurse Julie's.  Back and forth and up and down they sucked until my cock exploded, spurting cum into Karen's hungry mouth.  She gulped, swallowed, and then licked up the last drops off the head of my dick.  

Then, they pulled me to the side of the bed and I stepped out onto the floor.  Karen led Julie who led me to the end of the bed so the photographer could have full view.  His cock was raging again in his already cum soaked pants.  If he could have thrown the camera down, he would have, just to join in with these two hot luscious babes.  

Standing at the end of the bed, I pulled Karen back into my arms.  Julie yanked her teacher's pants down, allowing Karen to step out of them, making her fully naked to the cameraman.  Julie also removed her own scrub pants before she dropped to her knees in front of Karen.  Skillfully, Julie began to lick the musty muff of her mentor in such a manner that Karen's body began to shutter from the clitoral stimulation.  While I fondled her massive tits, Julie's tongue playfully jabbed and licked the delicious pussy of this wanton, hot babe.  

As the assistant lightly caressed Karen's thighs with her fingers, Karen began to buck and press her hot ass back into my bulging prick.  Out of sexual frenzy to fuck the hell out of this hot, ass babe, I tore my gown away so I could lay my rod deep between Karen's wanton, ass cheeks.  The desire to stick my cock all the way up her ass drove me to hunch her cheeks in reckless abandon.  

Karen moaned out, "Eat my pussy, Julie!"  

A few more flicks of tongue on Karen's clit and me hunching her sexy, round ass, sent her into a cum flooding orgasm on Julie's face.  Karen's body writhed and jerked as the juices flowed over and down her assistant's sucking mouth.  She screamed her pleasure filled climax, loudly, and after her song faded, we heard the slurping sounds of Julie's sucking lips, as she lapped up the cuntal stream.  

Unexpectedly, the camera man yelled, "She's a cunt sucking slut!!!  I'm gonna fuck her!!!"   

Her spent pleasure made me wild with lust so I spun her around and bent her over the end of the bed.  After coating my dick with lube, Julie watched as I spread Karen's ass cheeks open to receive my hard, throbbing shaft.  Karen let out a squeal of delight, when the head of my prick touched her wanton pucker and she wiggled her ass in approval.  Then, I began to inch my dick up her gorgeous, hot butt, all the while Julie lustfully watched.  
