 Zoe leans back on her elbows on a towel on the beach, and takes in the scene. Lots of friends, old and new, enjoying the warm summer day, chatting, relaxing and, rollicking in the lake. She spots him, coming out of the water. His body is tanned, his hair sun-bleached. Her heart skips a beat as their eyes meet. He’s handsome and, oh my, very sexy. They both slowly smile. 

She gets up, glances over to him, and heads for a trail leading into the woods and toward the lake. He grins as he watches her walk away. 

She’s gone about ten minutes when she hears someone coming up behind her. She smiles. She had hoped he would follow her. She stops and waits for him to catch up. He’s carrying her towel. 

He grins, “Mind if I join you?”

“Not at all.” She smiles. “In fact, I was hoping you’d come along.”

“Oh really?” He flashes her a devilish look. “Any special reason?”

Rivulets of water still trail down his body here and there and she longs to trace their paths with her tongue, but she’ll wait. 

“We haven’t gotten a chance to talk much,” she says innocently. “It’s nice to be out here with you, away from everyone.”

“Oh, uh-huh.”

“What?” Again, she looks at him with an innocence that just about makes him believe her.

“Nothing.” He smiles. “Nothing at all. That sounds wonderful.”

They walk along the path, chatting, laughing, and teasing each other like old times. When they come to a clearing at the lake’s edge, they stop to take in the view. The water glistens in the sun as waves lap against the rocky shore below.

“I love it here,” she says.

“It’s beautiful,” he says as he comes up behind her and wraps his arms around her waist.

“Hmmm,” she says as she snuggles up to him.

They stand there in silence for awhile, mesmerized by the beauty of their surroundings and the amazing feeling of being alone together again. Then he gently kisses her neck and moves to her collarbone. She releases a low moan. He turns her toward him and looks into her eyes, filled with a longing he’d never seen before. 

He kisses her gently on the lips and leads her to a nearby tree. She leans against it and parts her legs. He reaches underneath her beach cover-up t-shirt and caresses her sides, moving up and down, making her body tingle. He kisses her neck, and collar bone and shoulders as one hand grips the back of her head and the other makes its way to her bikini bottoms. He easily slips them down and she steps out of them. His fingers play with her pussy, circling the outer edge until he plunges one finger deep inside her very wet pussy. She gasps.

“Oh, you feel so good!”

“So do you,” he says. “Oh, I’ve been waiting for this for so long.”

She grips his back and buries her face in his neck, as he explores her body with his hands. One finger still probing her pussy, the other hand caressing her body. He’s plunging deeper and deeper, sending shockwaves through her. Her breath quickens and she can’t hold back any longer. Her pussy is soaking wet. After she cums, he brings his finger to his mouth and licks it clean. Then he kisses her deeply, offering her a taste of herself. She accepts it hungrily. 

He brings one hand to her upper back and the other to her waist and moves up her back to unhook her bikini top. She raises her head and raises her arms, as he lifts the t-shirt over her head and gently slips the straps of her top from her shoulders, freeing her large, round breasts. 

He takes her breasts in his hands and slowly kneads them, and then takes her nipples in between his fingers and rolls them.

“Oh, yesss!” she cries.

Then he takes her nipples into his mouth, one at a time, back and forth. Nibbling, biting, licking and sucking on them.

She whimpers at the pleasure of the pain.

He then breaks away from her and silently spreads the towel on the soft grass nearby. He lays her down on her back and spreads her legs. She trembles in anticipation of what is coming.

He kneels down and grips her thigh with one hand and plays with her pussy with the other. He then flicks his tongue at her pussy and sucks on her lips. She is writhing and begging him to enter her. He obliges, teasing at first, entering little by little, until finally he plunges his tongue inside her. She gasps.

“Oh yes, fuck me, Ian!”

He continues in and out, in and out, driving her crazy. She’s writhing and breathing heavily, her body glistening in the heat of their passion.

She comes long and hard. He licks her clean. She comes again. He then kisses his way up her body and they share a deep, wet kiss.

She arches her back and rubs her pussy against his rock hard cock. He moans and enters her, plunging deeply. Faster, harder, deeper. His hands gripping her shoulders. Her hands on his back, urging him closer and deeper still. He thrusts deep and hard into her soaking wet pussy. There bodies rocking, their bodies hot from the sun and the passion building up inside them.

“Fuck me, Ian!” she wails. “Oh God, you feel so good!”

“My pleasure, my dear,” he replies. “You are so hot.”

“Take me, Ian!” 

“Not yet.”

“Please, oh God, I want you to fill me up with your hot cum,” she begs.

“Not yet.”

She writhes and moans. The anticipation is almost more than she can stand. Then, finally, he can’t hold back any longer. She has an amazing grip on his hardened cock. He thrusts one more time and explodes deep within her.

When they’ve caught their breathes, they get into the 69 position and lick each other to orgasm…once….twice….then turn and share another long wet kiss. 

They lay in each other’s arms and fall blissfully asleep. After about twenty minutes, they awake to find a handsome stranger standing nearby. They look at each other and then at the stranger and smile.