 My wife Cindy and I moved to a retirement community last year after living in the upper Midwest all our lives. We had visited this place in Arizona several times and how we came to be here is the purpose of our story. 

I married my high school sweetheart over 35 years ago and she is truly my soul mate. She's an amazing woman and a blessing in my life. Cindy stands about 5' 8", light brown hair and hazel eyes, and even after giving birth to two boys, has kept her lovely figure. We dated through high school and college and married during the last semester. She majored in education and I in engineering. 

When we married, our parents joined together to give us a very nice vacation package for our honeymoon that we would take as soon as we graduated. That turned out to be a fortuitist gift. We were given first class air tickets to an all-inclusive resort in the Caribbean. The resort offered several amenities and all we had to do was to sign up and enjoy. 

The resort was as lovely as the brochure portrayed it and we were doubly impressed with our room. A huge room with a king sized bed and a Jacuzzi in the bathroom. The balcony provided a nice view of the ocean and you could look down at the pool that was full of activity. Fortunately our bags soon arrived and as soon as the door closed, we were kissing and stripping each other. That large bed looked so inviting and we felt it was only right we should put it to good use.

Making love with Cindy is exciting and I get aroused just thinking about it. We take delight in bringing each other to climax. Fortunately she can enjoy several and is not shy about helping in the process. I love the way her cunt gets very wet and the way her body convulses as she climaxes. One orgasm deserves another and this time there were several before she pushed me on my back and brought me off in her mouth. After a quick shower we headed to the activities center. 

The Caribbean in June can be warm and humid, just like home and we didn't mind it at all. We enrolled in golf and tennis and we were especially pleased to learn that since we didn't know the first thing about golf, we would be given free lessons. Our pro was a lot of fun and soon had us hooked on the game. We concluded that we would keep it up when we got home.

It was the one thing we discovered by accident that forever changed our lives. On the first day, after our morning golf lesson, we changed into our swimsuits and took off to explore the grounds before lunch; after all, why look at the information book in the room. We walked along the beach to what we thought was the resort boundary. As we strolled along the fence we came to an opening that had an ADULTS ONLY sign prominently posted. We looked at each other and with a shrug, walked in. It didn't take but a quick glance to see that this was a clothing optional beach and part of the resort. 

It was obvious that this was a popular place and we were somewhat embarrassed to see we were the only people there with any clothes on. 

"Well madam, what shall we do?" I inquired with a big grin.

"Let's find some chairs and do as the Romans do."

There weren't too many empty chairs and we both enjoyed the view during the search. There were all shapes, sizes, and ages lying about with everything exposed. It was pretty evident that there were only a few couples in our age group. My quick survey suggested that most were middle aged and a few older. I followed Cindy as we strolled through the crowd while trying my best not to stare. 

We located a couple of chairs and quickly undressed. The beach was fairly busy and hand in hand we headed in that direction. We thought it was funny that this is one place where you left your swimsuit on shore. It's difficult to describe the feeling of freedom. We both agreed that this beach would be part of our daily routine. Cindy wondered if our parents knew about this beach when they selected the resort. We concluded they probably didn't but we wouldn't mention it unless they brought it up.

Once back at our chairs, I headed over to the bar all the while taking my time and enjoying the view, of course. How can a guy not enjoy the look of a woman's pussy? Granted one thing better is to be up close and eating it but that's for a different time and place. I did my best to just glance as I meandered my way to and from the bar and managed to make the trip without having my dick sticking straight out. Cindy saw the smile on my face and then she smiled at my less than flaccid member. She made it known that she was making the next trip for drinks.

We stayed until lunch and, since we hadn't brought any books, visited with our nearest neighbors. They were older and I estimated to be closer to our parents' age. We volunteered that not only were we newlyweds but this was our first nude beach. They said that they try to visit a nude beach every year and have been doing so with a preference that it being part of an all-inclusive resort in the Caribbean. We really liked that idea and decided that would be our goal too.

During lunch I asked Cindy if she wanted to go back to 'the beach'. She said yes provided there were some chairs in the shade but first I needed to do something for her. She wouldn't tell me what until we reached the room. Once there she went into the bathroom and returned naked and holding a razor.

I gave her a questioning look and she said, "I'm sure you had a good look at a lot of pussies on display and especially the woman who sat next to us with her husband who listed the many nude beaches they had visited."

"Yes I did. And..."I replied still wondering.

"Well I did too in addition to looking at nice dicks and one thing I noticed was the amount of pubic hair or more accurately, the lack of it. So I would like for you to completely shave my pussy."

Thinking back to what I had seen, she was right. Most of the women had small patches and a few had none at all. Somehow we overlooked that item when we watched a XXX movie now and then. I guess we were too focused on the activities and positions to notice. 

We headed to the shower where I could shave and rinse with adequate warm water. I took my time and carefully performed this wonderful yet delicate assignment. I don't think Cindy minded at all; in fact, judging from her breathing, I believe she was getting turned on. I meticulously examined my work first with my fingers and then my tongue to insure complete smoothness. 

Once I was satisfied with my work, I carried her to the bed and with great delight had my mouth all over her pussy. I love cunnilingus and the taste of cum. My tongue played with her clit and then moved down between her pussy lips to her cunt. I circled her opening, teasing her as her breathing quickened and she kept moving her hips to get my tongue to its desired spot. When I finally pushed my tongue in, she let out a loud sigh and murmured her approval. I placed her hand on her pussy and she began to rub her clit. I love to watch and feel her masturbate and fortunately, so does she. Her orgasm was hard and was one wave after another. 

When she recovered we put on our swimsuits with the hope that we would soon remove them at the special beach. Unfortunately a lot of others had the same idea because every chair with shade was occupied. We decided to stay for a while but not long enough to get burned. I think Cindy wanted to show off her bare pussy and every time she walked to the bar, she was definitely noticed by everyone she passed by.

The afternoon heat was beginning to have its affect and soon we were able to move to chairs in the shade. We enjoyed our whisky sours, our books, the ocean, and of course the view. After a couple of hours, Cindy said," I can't stand this anymore. All these naked bodies are making me horny. How about we go to the room where I can give you a good fuck before dinner." 

There was no way I was going to say no to that.

That trip set the standard for our future trips and play. We kept our promise and took up golf. We enjoyed it but the weather at home can play havoc with outdoor fun but then we know how to have fun indoors. We also vowed to stay in shape not only for ourselves and each other but to look good on the beach. 

Starting with the recommend resorts we learned from the couple at the first resort, we made a list of places we could go during Cindy's summer break from teaching school. There are a lot of resorts with a clothing optional beach throughout the Caribbean. It wasn't unusual to find more than one such resort on the same island. Planning couldn't have been any easier.

This isn't to suggest our love life was anything less through the rest of the year. Our goal was not to make sex mundane or monotonous and we incorporated different things to keep it fresh. We enjoyed movies, pictures, toys, lotions, role playing, stories, and even some unusual places just to name a few. The one thing that slowed things down, including our Caribbean trips, was the addition of our sons. Their early years had a big impact. Once they were older and could spend time with the grandparents, the fun resumed. This leads me to the next part of our story.

Move forward 30 years and we were celebrating our anniversary in the Caribbean at a very nice resort and of course there was a nude beach. It was there we met Brad and Carolyn from Arizona. It's funny how people come into your life at the right time. Cindy and I had been talking about becoming snowbirds and maybe relocating in a few years and it was after conversations with Brad and Carolyn that our future took a new direction.

We met Brad and Carolyn on the beach where we all were free from the confines of swimsuits. The four of us were, coincidently, on the same vacation schedule and they were celebrating their 35th wedding anniversary and Brad's 60th birthday. We spent many days and evenings with them throughout our stay and became more than good friends. 

Brad and Carolyn were a handsome couple and it was evident that they enjoyed each other. Brad was a few inches shorter than me, standing around 6 foot. He had made it a point to stay in shape and it showed. Carolyn was the same height and shape as Cindy but a little more endowed. Despite being close to 60, her breasts still defied gravity and were beautiful to gaze at. When she and Cindy sat side by side, it was all I could do not to get an erection. When the girls would take off for the bar, Brad and I would mention how terrific our wives looked and we enjoyed watching others on the beach actually stare at them when they walked by. 

We played golf and tennis and shared many hours on 'the beach'. During our time together we learned that Brad and Carolyn had been attorneys but not in the same firm. Both were primarily involved with corporate and international law. They were very pleased to leave it all and enjoy retirement. 

Over the years we have visited with many naked couples and there were some we found rather attractive. Later, while snuggling in bed, Cindy and I would talk about being invited to have sex with another couple and what would we do. We had incorporated the idea of a foursome in our love making as part of a fantasy but when you are naked with another couple, the possibility could present itself. 

Often, when we were enjoying our sexual romps, one of us would mention about watching the other in a sexual act with a couple we had met. Cindy would ask if I would like to watch her eat person A's pussy or suck person B's cock and I would ask her about watching me eating that person's pussy and fucking her mouth and cunt. It was easy to visualize the pussy in question because I was very close to it just a few hours previously. Thinking and describing it all in detail made our sex even hotter.

We discussed that possibility again after meeting Brad and Carolyn because we both sensed they were being coy about their retirement life. We agreed that if the opportunity presented itself to have a foursome, we would accept. We developed a plan to hopefully draw them out more.

During our round of golf we inquired in general about the retirement community, the weather, the cultural opportunities, the type of housing and even the general cost. It was when we were on the beach that the information we really sought was revealed. 

It was a simple question that launched Cindy and I into a whole new world. I looked at Brad and asked, "Do others in the community like to visit nude beaches too?"

"Several do. We like to report back to the group what we found and our recommendations," he replied.

Carolyn gave him a smile that suggested there was more.

"You have a group?" Cindy asked with a bit of surprise.

Brad looked at Carolyn and she gave him a big grin and nodded yes.

"Well you see, we have a group of what you might call, 'special friends'. This group has existed for many years and it was started by some couples not long after the community was built. I can't tell you when the idea of visiting nude beaches came into being but it just sort of happened. As you have probably learned, there are some very nice resorts in the Caribbean."

"Tell them the rest of it, honey," Carolyn whispered.

"This group has a name: The AG club. Where AG stands for anything goes. Essentially we get together and have a good old fashioned orgy."

I was surprised because this was more than I had imagined. I looked at Cindy and she displayed the same look.

"Shall I tell you more?" Brad asked.

"Yes," Cindy and I replied simultaneously.

"The rules are pretty simple: Couples only but you don't have to be married to your partner to enter. Visitors are allowed when accompanied by a resident couple. The third and most important one is, you must ask permission to do something with the other person and no means no. Sex can be with couples, three or more, man on man, woman on woman, or anything you can think of as long as the parties all agree."

I looked at Cindy and she was smiling and I liked the idea too. I started visualizing about being in a threesome with Cindy or watching her in one. My thoughts were interrupted when Carolyn said, "Judging by the hard-on you're getting Larry, I think you like the idea." 

I glanced down and replied, "Very much."

"What do you say, Cindy, shall we put it to good use after dinner?" 

"Isn't sharing what friends like to do?" she said while staring at Brads growing cock.

We all laughed and Carolyn said, "Cindy and I'll visit the ocean for a while so you boys can cool down."

It turned out that during that interlude, Cindy and I, unknowingly, separately voiced the same concerns to Brad and Carolyn: we had never done this before. Brad assured me that the women were probably making a plan at that very moment. It turned out, he was correct.

When we returned to our room, Cindy recounted the conversation she had with Carolyn. One question Carolyn asked her was if we ever fantasied about having sex with another couple and if so in what way? Since we both had talked about watching each other in action then that would be the plan for tonight. It was also understood that what we do will be done as a foursome and in the same room and it's all about pleasure, not pain or anything you don't want to do. Cindy also mentioned that she and Carolyn discussed a surprise for me. I felt certain I was in for a real treat.

Before we left the room, I took Cindy in my arms and kissed her. I looked at my wonderful wife and said, "Are you ok with this because it's not too late to back out."

She reached down, gave my cock a squeeze and with a big grin said, "I can hardly wait to watch you fuck Carolyn after I eat her pussy and make her cum." 

That image caused an instant swelling my dick.

"Oh baby, I like that."

We met Brad and Carolyn for dinner and it was difficult to contain our excitement. I wouldn't say we rushed through dinner but we skipped dessert. After we filled our glasses with wine, we headed to their room and into a whole new world.

To say the evening was a success would be an understatement. It was all we hoped it would be. A fantasy was realized that we never dreamed would ever become a reality. There was lots of fucking and sucking and fingering and stroking and plenty of orgasms and fun.

It started with the girls swapping spouses and undressing us in a coordinated manner. My shirt quickly disappeared and I received a sensual licking and sucking on my nipples by Carolyn while she reached down and gave my growing cock a gentle squeeze. She knelt down, glanced at Cindy, and with a nod of her head, both girls freed our hard cocks from bondage. I felt Carolyn's tongue lick the pre-cum and give my dick a wet kiss while I watched Cindy do the same to Brad. 

When the girls stood up, I thought it would be our opportunity to return the favor and undress them. Instead, Cindy handed me my wine glass, gave me a kiss and said, "Watch and enjoy."

I did just that. What happened next was pure eye candy. The girls embraced and engaged in some deep kissing. Hands were soon rubbing breasts and buttons were quickly undone. Bras were soon on the floor and I watched both women suck and lick each other's breasts. The girls were moaning and sighing from the pleasure they were giving each other. My mouth was watering as I watched Cindy suck Carolyn's nipples.

A few moments later both girls removed each other's thong and moved in front of us. Carolyn gave my cock a wet kiss and then hung her wet undies on it. I watched Cindy do the same with Brad and then move onto the bed. 

Carolyn moved beside Cindy and kissed her. Cindy's nipples were hard and Carolyn tugged at each one between her thumb and forefinger. Cindy opened her legs and began to move her hips slightly in anticipation. Carolyn kissed her way down to her nipples while her hand was massaging her mound. Cindy's hips were moving more now; rocking her pussy against Carolyn's fingers. Carolyn licked and sucked both nipples while she teased her pussy; pushing her desire for release. 

When Carolyn began to kiss her way down, Cindy opened her legs wide and was practically panting. She kissed all around her pussy but not on her clit and Cindy was moving her hips to change that. When Carolyn pushed her tongue deep in her cunt, they both moaned with pleasure. I think I moaned, too because cunnilingus is a pleasure we both really enjoy. 

Carolyn slid her tongue up and down my wife's labia before landing on her clit. Even though I had seen this in many XXX movies we had watched, it's quite different seeing it done with your wife. I think I was panting as hard as Cindy. 

While Carolyn was licking and sucking she inserted a finger in Cindy's cunt and began to rub her G-spot. Cindy was getting closer to the edge; her hips were rocking with Carolyn's hand and she was pinching and tugging her nipples. 

Moments later, she gasped, arched her back, and moaned as her body shook with the pleasure from her orgasm. It came in waves that crested again and again. When Carolyn removed her finger, my slutty wife put it in her mouth and licked it. That was something I had hoped to do. 

Once Cindy had recovered, she said, "Wow. That felt like an earthquake." She swapped positions with Carolyn and announced, "My turn."

Cindy gave me a smile and then began a truly erotic scene. If I thought what had just happened was hot, it was even more so watching my wife in action. Watching her lick and suck Carolyn's nipples made my hard dick even harder and throb even more. She topped that when she was between Carolyn's legs eating her pussy. She tongue fucked with wild abandonment while Carolyn fondled her own breast. I had to grip my wine glass with both hands just to keep from jacking off. 

"Oh yes, yes!" Carolyn cried, when Cindy's mouth was all over her clit. This time it was her turn to rock her hips when Cindy finger fucked her and rubbed the G-spot. I watched Cindy's mouth and tongue in action. The licking and sucking increased with intensity as Carolyn twisted and moaned.
