 This is a follow on series to the Supersizeme Series with some of the same characters. The loser of the big cock contest seeks revenge on the other girl...

The Supersizeme contest which started out as a friendly bet between two close friends had ended up having quite dramatic effects on the two girls involved. You may recall that Cathy snatched victory in the big cock contest from her best friend Jo by finding Brad the hot guy with the hugely impressive 14inch cock in the last days of the contest. Poor Jo could only come up with a 12inch cock, not bad but in the end not quite big enough. It was when Cathy got to collect her prize, which was to have Brad fuck her in front of Jo, that things began to change. 

Jo had thought that she would be able to handle this situation but even she was shocked by the sight of seeing her best friend fucked by Brad. The pain of sitting there watching as Cathy took all of his 14inch cock from behind was made all the more intense as Cathy continually looked directly at her licking her lips as Brad furiously pounded her hot ass and played with her big tits and erect nipples. 

The sight of Cathy being impaled on his gigantic cock as she rubbed her own impressive tits was etched in Jo's memory. For over an hour Brad fucked Cathy in every conceivable way, from behind, with Cathy straddling him as he lay on the floor, standing up and bent over the couch. Cathy orgasmed time after time as Brad, the sexual athlete that he was pounded her relentlessly while still holding off his own climax. At times Cathy would appear to be in control only to be sent cascading over the abyss as Brad would thrust his cock into the hilt causing Cathy to let out all kinds of expletives as he literally tore her apart. Occasionally Cathy would take to sucking his huge cock within just inches of Jo's face teasing her by pointing its massive throbbing glistening head in her direction and asking if she wanted a lick only to pull it away and devour it herself. Cathy even had Brad slowly wank his shaft in front of Jo and before taking it in her own hands and rubbing the leaking precum over Brad's and her own nipples.

It may not have been so bad except for two things. First Brad was just so goddamn hot with the biggest cock she had ever seen and secondly she knew how good it would have felt if the situation was reversed! She would have rubbed it in to Cathy soooo much. But alas that was not be for Cathy had won the contest and Jo was left to watch.

In the weeks that followed two things happened, Brad and Cathy started seeing a lot more of each other (bitch thought Jo. How much cock can one girl take!!) and secondly the memory of that night continued to eat away at Jo. What had started as severe disappointment in losing a competition to her best friend was rapidly consuming her life. She couldn't get it off her mind. Everywhere she looked she was reminded of that night where she was made to be a spectator at a huge fucking exhibition starring her best friend and Brad Bigcock. Her studies were being affected, her personal life was a mess and she was becoming obsessed with revenge. 

She knew her hate had reached epic proportions when she made a Cathy and a Brad doll. They were just like a Ken and Barbie only she had made a huge cock out of plastic and stuck it on Ken doll. The cock was massive and stuck obscenely out from the dolls body. Jo had written slut on the female doll and would reenact what had happened that night before sticking pins into the dolls. She came up with her own dialogue which mostly went like this.

"Oh Brad I'm not deserving of your magnificent cock. I'm not worthy to take your immenseness," she pretended Cathy would say.

"Oh for god's sake you pathetic bimbo shut the fuck up and bend over as I impale your on my massive cock and pound you to oblivion!" she would pretend Brad would reply.

"But Brad your so fucking huge, so strong, I can't take any more you're killing me," Jo would have Cathy reply.

"Oh yeah, I bet that hot friend of yours over there Jo would take all of it. She is sooooo fucking hot, what a babe! I bet she could take all of my cock," she pretended Brad would reply.

Jo had even ordered a life like 14inch dildo which had an attachment which meant that she could fill its artificial scrotum with half a litre of fluid. Each evening she would strip naked pull out the Cathy and Brad dolls and play with them getting more and more excited as she would thrust the oversize cock on the Brad doll into the Cathy doll. She would work herself into a frenzy before laying back and thrusting the huge dildo into her pussy. Driving it inch by inch up her dripping pussy as she would scream obscenities at the dolls which would often go like this, "fuck her you big stallion stuff her pussy with that oversize cock of yours, yeah hurt that bitch good and hard. Make her cum, make her your big cock slut. FUCK HER!!!!"

After this she would pound herself mercilessly until all 14 inches where devoured in her pussy when she would scream "See I can take it, I can take a 14inch cock you bitch."

As she lay there sweating profusely her juices smeared over the large dildo her breasts heaving with the effort it took to take such a massive cock, albeit fake, drained her. But she wasn't finished yet. She had set up a bracket on a bench so that she could stand over the dildo now pointing straight up in air looking like a small baseball bat rather than a cock so that she could squat over it and slowly lower herself onto it. This was not easy the task even with her pussy well lubricated from the sound thrashing she had already given it but over a matter of minutes as she rhythmically raised and lowered her hips she progressively took more and more of this colossal cock. She would brace herself by placing her hands on her knees her back arched and muscled tensed as she would raise and lower herself onto this gigantic phallus.

The effort in taking such a beast caused her to sweat profusely, some sweat would run down her toned back which was toned after years of gym work and between her firm butt cheeks until it mixed with her sex juices now flowing freely from her pussy. More sweat would drip from her forehead onto her tits where it would run down to her erect skyward pointing pink nipples which were now fully erect where the drops would tantalizingly hang for a few seconds before falling to the bench pooling around the base of the massive plastic dildo. Occasionally Jo would take one of her large firm breasts in a hand and pull it to her lips where she would take the nipple in her luscious mouth and suck it like it was the head of Brad's monster cock.

As she raised herself up off it for a final time her pussy juices ran freely down its shaft. After 10 minutes of this extreme masturbation Jo's body would be racked with pleasure as she would be overcome by wave after wave of orgasms. Fortunately her nearby neighbours worked night shifts otherwise they have been treated to the most amazing sexual noises as Jo screamed from the pleasure and pain but most of all she screamed in anger thinking about Cathy who was no doubt doing exactly what she had been doing but with the real deal, Brad's big 14 inch cock would no doubt have been ploughing the depths of Cathy's pussy that night and the thought was almost too much for her.

Jo would finish each of these sessions by laying back and squeezing the balls of this artificial goliath with one hand as she aimed it at her face and tits. As she squeezed the balls thinking they were in fact Brad's massive set hot cum like fluid would gush from its head spraying Jo's face tits and torso with copious amounts of fake cum. The harder she squeezed the greater the fountain of cum was. She squeezed until her knuckles were white and her hand ached with the effort but in the end she was satisfied laying there plastered in fluid thinking of revenge.

Day and night she plotted how revenge on Cathy and Brad would be hers. They had grown apart over the past few weeks as Cathy threw herself into her new relationship and Jo focused on revenge. 

A number of thoughts had crossed Jo's mind in those weeks but it wasn't until she bumped into Cathy one day that she finally new how revenge would be hers. Cathy had told Jo that Brad and she were now an item and that they had promised that they would not see anyone else. Cathy even cheekily told Jo that she would now be the only one to feel Brad's massive cock. Jo almost lost it there and then but managed to control herself. It was shortly after that that Jo new that the only way she would have revenge would be if she could get Brad to have sex with someone else and not just anyone. This would need to be a special kind of girl the kind who was Brad's equal or even superior when it came to sex. Yes, that would be it she would find a girl who could take Brad on and fuck him to death and so was born the idea that Jo hoped would finally put her demons to rest. 

Over the next day or so she refined the idea even more. She would make sure that Cathy would get to see Brad fucking this other girl and seeing this realize that she was no match for this other girl and that she had lost him. Sure Brad may have been in love with Cathy but his lust for this superslut would surely overcome his love for Cathy.

Of course this was a good plan but one thing still needed to be resolved, where would she find such a girl? Did such a girl exist? 

As Jo continued to think about how to put this plan into action she heard a rumor that there was a new girl at uni who had only recently arrived. Her name was Sabrina and by all reports was an unbelievablely hot girl. Some even said she had special sexual powers. Jo just had to meet her and soon.

She heard that Sabrina hangs out with a few of her friends at the local sports bar on a Friday afternoon. Jo headed there when Friday afternoon arrived and it didn't take Jo long to work out which one Sabrina. She stood near the bar and although it was fairly crowded including a large contingent of very hot looking girls one stood out among the crowd. It was like she had this special aura, people both girls and guys appeared to be drawn to her. They hovered around her continually seeking her attention or at the very least her acknowledgment that they existed. She was like the queen bee as a bevy of studs tendered to her every need be it a drink or a shoulder to lean on. A mere touch would send the guys into heaven.

Jo was in awe of what she saw. Sabrina stood about 6 foot tall with long blond air. She wore a short red skirt and a white figure hugging top buttoned up down the middle which didn't quite reach her hip hugging skirt thus showing her midriff which showed just the slightest hint of a six pack any guy would be proud to own . Her legs were unbelievably long, toned and tanned. Even when standing beside a stud who was at least 6 foot 2 her legs were much longer than his with her waist being at his abs. Her breasts were similarly impressive. Not gigantic by any stretch but big, firm and full. Fuck, even Jo was attracted to her. She couldn't believe that a girl could make her feel that way. She noticed that her own nipples had become rock hard and she felt a familiar tingling feeling in her panties. Sabrina just oozed sex. It came from the way she stood, the way she laughed, the way casually touched the people around her but most of all her eyes said it all. They were a deep deep brown almost black and when she looked at some one she immediately mesmerized them. 

Jo waited for her chance and when she saw Sabrina head off to ladies room she made her move.

"Excuse me, you wouldn't be Sabrina would you?" asked Jo.

"Yes, why do you ask?" replied Sabrina a touch of arrogance in her voice.

"Well I need to talk to you if you have a few moments, I'm sure it will be worth your while," proposed Jo.

"OK, you've got me interested but you had better make it quick," said Sabrina.

Over the next few minutes Jo told Sabrina about the contest that she and Cathy had and how she was seeking revenge. As Jo got into the details she noticed Sabrina's interest grow and when she described how big Brad was Sabrina's eyes opened wide and she noticed Sabrina's nipples harden and start to stretch her top causing the top button of her top to burst. Jo didn't say anything at this although she could have sworn that Sabrina's breasts had indeed grown as she mentioned Brad's impressive dimensions.

"How big did you say he was? Did you say 14 inches?" said Sabrina stunned.

"Yes, 14 fucking inches and I should know Cathy made me measure him just before that fucking bitch screwed him right in front of my eyes!" Jo replied.

"Wow, that is impressive but what do you want from me?" asked Sabrina.

"Well, I hope you don't mind me saying this but I've heard that you are pretty awesome when it comes to sex yourself and I would like you to fuck Brad. Fuck him so hard that he can fuck no more, fuck him so good that he leaves Cathy, that's what I want and you're my only hope, will you do it, will you help me?" pleaded Jo.

"Look Jo, I understand how you must feel angry but is this what you really want?" questioned Sabrina.

"YES. Its exactly what I want. But I know I will get only one chance at this so I need to know will you do it and can you do it? Can you really take on a guy this big with huge stamina and outlast him?" Jo asked.

"Listen babe don't you worry about me, I'll OUT FUCK, OUT CUM and OUT LAST this big stud called Brad!" boasted Sabrina proudly her nipples now almost bursting from her top.

"Wow, sexual survivor! I love it," shouted Jo.

"Hey if your not sure I can do this why don't you come back to my place. I'm having a few friends around including those four big studs over there and I'll show exactly why I'm your girl," suggested Sabrina.

"Sure why not," answered Jo. 

Jo joined the group and it was then that she realized that something very strange was happening. The atmosphere around the group was extremely highly charged and the sexual tension was palpable, Jo felt like she could almost reach out and touch it. What was also obvious was that it all centred on Sabrina. As Jo mingled with guys and girls she realized that they were all in a state of arousal. The guys were all sporting massive hardons bulging obscenely in their jeans while the girls all had erect nipples and were flushed in the face and some where even openly rubbing themselves.

After a few drinks Sabrina decided that she had had enough of this place and said she was going home for a private party. The guys were like lap dogs all begging to be invited back to Sabrian's. Sabrina just went up to each of them looked them in the eye, whispered in their ear and then calmly placed one hand on the guy's crotch to feel exactly how badly they wanted to go back to her place. Of the seven guys only four measured up and were invited back. Sabrina also invited one of her girl friends back as well. This girl was a black Jamacian beauty named Tiffany who sported the most amazing rack you could imagine. So there it was, the party would include Sabrina, Tiffany, the four studs whose names were Mark, Jason, Dave and James and Jo.

Sabrina was house sitting a friends house which was very posh. It had all the trimmings of a senior execs house, pool, spa, in house theatre etc. When they arrived Sabrina took them all to bar, put on some music and started dancing.

Mark and his stud mates crowded round the awesome figure of Sabrina who was enjoying the music as well as the attention. Tiffany joined in and soon the two hottest girls in town were shaking everything they had. The poor guys were going crazy but the girls rejected their efforts to dance with them. They were putting on an amazing show as they held each other and ran their hands over each others bodies caressing nipples, tits and butts alike. 

After a couple of minutes they danced over to the guys who they had lined up. First Tiffany approached each of them and ran her tongue up their neck before kissing them passionately on the lips. She would take their hands and place them on her enormous tits and run their fingers over her protruding nipples. Finally she would undo the buttons of their jeans before stepping back. With all of the guys now similar placed that is their cocks as hard as rocks and their jeans undone Sabrina stepped forward and told them to from their jeans. These guys didn't need to be told twice and in a flash the four guys were all left standing there their jeans around their ankles massive bulges protruding from their lycra boxers. 

Sabrina and Tiffany were really enjoying this and poor Jo was simply in shock as she stood near the bar watching this go on. Not quite happy with the view Sabrina indicated that the guys should remove their shirts. Again this took but a second as the guys quickly stripped. Sabrina and Tiffany went up to each of them and ran their fingers over the guys abs to check out their six packs knowing full well that it wouldn't be long before they got a chance to put them to good use as they fucked them senseless. Sabrina and Tiffany were quite impresses but just to show the guys that it wasn't only them that had six packs they both removed their own tops. The guys eyes almost popped out of their heads as first Sabrina and Tiffany flexed their own six packs. Sure they were not quite as impressive as the studs standing before them but hey the guys didn't have the most amazing sets of tits perched directly above their abs either. Sabrina wore a black bra holding in her outstanding 40 inch EE tits and Tiffany wore a pure white bra which contrasted with her ebony skin that tipped the tape at 38 GG.

What happened next blew Jo's mind as Sabrina, now dressed in a red shirt and black bra approached the guys. She didn't immediately touch them she simply walked up to each of them in turn and whispered "I'm going to fuck you like you've never been fucked before. I'm going suck your cock like an industrial vacuum and I'm going to squeeze the every last drop of cum you can produce."

After telling this to each of the guys each had a large cum stain developing in their boxers. Next Tiffany approached them and once in front of them she knelt down and ran her tongue along the length of their shaft. Mark the first guy to whom this happened reached forward and ran his hands through Tiffany's hair.

Sabrina went ape. 

"What the fuck do you think you're doing?? I didn't say you could touch her," screamed Sabrina.

With that she approached Mark and flicked his throbbing member with a large ruler she was carrying.

"Listen in boys and listen good. Tiffany and I in charge here not you. You will obey what we say to the letter or you will all be sent home like naughty little boys to jerk of those huge cocks of yours like pathetic people you are," added Sabrina.

The guys and Jo were stunned. What was going on here? The guys were use to getting their own way with women after all they were all packing cocks around a foot long and no girl had dared to speak to any of them like this before.

Tiffany resumed what she was doing which was to slowly lick each of the guys' impressive shafts through their boxers. With the rules now firmly in place each of the guys resisted the urge to touch the girls although their cocks told the real story as they continued to grow and throb. The guys were massive. Each of their cocks extended around their hips, their boxers barely able to contain their gigantic members.

One poor guy very nearly blew his load there and then when Tiffany whispered in his ear that she had selected him to be the one who ultimately get to fuck her in ass. He was visibly shaken by the thought of ploughing his 12 inches of steel hard cock into this beautiful black women's ass. He trembled and started to sweat profusely which was seized upon by Tiffany as a sign of weakness to be exploited. Tiffany positioned herself directly in front of the guy spread her legs about two feet and while keeping her knees locked bent over and rested her elbows on the ground and looked back between her legs and smiled at the poor guy.
