 The red-headed man blew the whistle around his neck, and everyone's attention turned to him. He was balding and bearded, and a little overweight, but his bright blue eyes twinkled merrily. Other than the whistle, he was wearing only a pair of tennis shoes, and he carried a clipboard.

"OK, then! The teams are assembled, let the games begin. We who are about to cum salute you! The first event is the wheel-barrow race. The rules are simple- back and forth across the hall 4 times. When the team crossing slaps the hand of the next team, they can go. If at any time a cock pulls out of a pussy, that team has to go back to their original starting point and start over.'

Billy licked his lips nervously and glanced at the slender little Chinese girl that was his partner. He was in the third heat of his team's leg, and he wanted to do well for his squad. His team – who had come up with the name "Team Dream-Fuck", had 6 people in it, which meant that a couple of people were going to have to do more than one leg of the race. Bill figured he was in the best physical condition of the 3 men in the team, but he was glad he was only running one heat. 

He glanced to his left where Rosalita's team was preparing itself. She was in the first leg of her team's heat, and was happily giving her partner head already, getting his cock nice and stiff for the race. Billy glanced at the Chinese girl- was her name Mai or something?- and wondered when she should start priming his pump.

Across the room- maybe a hundred feet away or so, he saw his sister Sylvia kneeling and cheering for her team. Her face was flushed with excitement and her eyes were slightly glazed in hunger, and he found himself envying the big, beefy blonde man standing behind her that was going to get to impale her and push her across the room.

The red-headed master of ceremonies- Ron- gave another short blast on his whistle. "OK- Judges ready? Teams ready? Gentlemen, mount your engines! On your marks...get set......GO!"

The teams lurched forward, and the cheering commenced. Almost immediately, Billy's team stumbled and the man's cock plopped out of the muscular black woman's cunt. 

"Foul!" Cried a woman judge in a striped basketball referees' shirt. She ran forward and grabbed the man's huge, rigid cock and led him back to the starting line, grinning all the while. "Do I need to show you how to do this, John?" 

"I got it!" Called the black woman- Tonita or Bonita or something, Billy thought. With considerable athleticism she put her hands on the matted floor and did a small cartwheel to bring her cunt poised right in front of John's huge tool. He laughed aloud and thrust smoothly into her, then grabbed her by both thighs and lifted her legs off the ground. "Here we go again!" He shouted, and they were off again.

"Go! Go!" Billy was nearly jumping up and down in his excitement. They were already way behind the other teams. Mai turned to face him, grinning. Her hand snaked out to encircle his cock, and he nearly jumped again. 

"I like a man that gets excited easily. But don't get too caught up in winning the race, big boy: the main thing is that there are no losers here."

He returned the grin. "Yeah. I see what you mean."

He glanced over to see that Rosalita and her partner had collapsed unto the floor about 2/3rds of the way across the room, and they had decided to stay there for a moment as the guy pumped away at her. Their teammates were laughing and screaming at them to come the rest of the way across. 

Sylvia and her partner were already getting started on their second leg, far and away in first place, and they moved slowly and steadily across the floor. Sylvia's arms were bicycling smoothly and her tits were jiggling enticingly. 

"Run as fast as you can," Mai told him. She stopped pumping his rod and jumped up into his arms, her legs wrapping around his waist. She was as light as a feather, and she looked down and poised her pussy lips at the tip of his cock. "I'm a gymnast, you know." She slid down the length of his tool and he gasped. She began rhythmically milking his cock with her cunt muscles.

"Jesus!" He gasped again. "You're going to make me come before we get started!"

She glanced back over her shoulder. "They're on the way- we better get into position." She bucked back off him and fell to the floor, waiving her tail enticingly at him. 

"Damn, I'm glad Rosalita talked me into this." He thought as he mounted her and lifted her off the ground. 

She was a short girl, and her arms were so short that she was almost vertical, with her head down. "Are you sure you want to go fast?" He asked, concerned that if she stumbled he might fall over on top of her and break her in half.

Seemingly without effort, she raised her torso up to a horizontal angle and smiled back at him. "I'm hardly going to be touching the floor. You can go as fast as you want."

Her effort certainly had a wonderful affect on her pussy muscles. "I thought you didn't care about the winning and losing?" He inquired. 

She reached out and tagged the hand of the oncoming couple, and they were off. They seemed to cross the room in a few steps, easily taking over first place, and when they had passed the lap to the last remaining member of the team, Mai twisted back around so she was facing him again without removing herself from his member. 

She was panting slightly. "I just remembered what the winners get." She said. She ground her hips against him methodically as they watched their team win the race with ease. 

When all 4 teams had finished, Ron blew his whistle in a long blast. "Ten minutes till the next event- the cock toss. Save your hard-ons, fellas! We'll put the standing up on the blackboard".

Team Dream-Fuck was ecstatic, exchanging gusty high-fives and the occasional caress of a tit or tug of a cock. 

The cock toss was sort of like ring-toss, except the teams had to score 5 ringers around each of the stiff cocks of the men on the team from about 15 feet away. John had by far the biggest cock on the team and in the room- Billy figured it had to be well over a foot long, but it drooped slightly downwards, so the girls on the team had a hard time sticking a ringer around it until Bonita crawled over and held it up at an angle, despite the good natured boo's and cries of protests of the other teams.

There wasn't a lot of raw sex integral to this event, but it was fun getting the girls to keep their cocks stiff through it- "fluffing", they called it. The other woman on the team was a tall, stocky, auburn haired woman named Carol who gave head with a wicked suctioning/twisting action, and Tonita and Mai gave enthusiastic efforts as well.

But Team Dream-Fuck came in third in this event, falling behind in the total standings to Sylvia's team- who called themselves "Tits and Asses", who now had a second and a first place finish on their records.

"The next event is the Dildo pass. Select your weapons and find a mat. This is based on 4 women per team so if you don't have that many, someone's going to have to do double-duty."

"The dildo has to go in and out to at least the four inch mark four times in each pussy, then same thing in the next one, until all four get fucked. The men can switch off on the dildo whenever they're ready. But only the man in the middle can handle the dildo- got it? Simple enough, aint it?'

"Oh, and one more thing- absolutely no hands can touch the dildo at any time!"

Groans and laughter filled the room.

"Where'd John go?" Billy asked as Tonita walked up and slapped a huge double-dildo into his palm. It was semi-rigid and floppy, but it felt amazingly life-like. 

"John doesn't eat pussy. It's just you and Ernie for this one." Tonita said. 

Billy glanced down. "What's with the double-dong? I'd rather have a normal vibrator."

Tonita shrugged, grinning. "This is all they had. You worried about looking like a cocksucker, Big Boy?" 

Billy glanced at the other teams. All of them had the same sort of tool at hand. He shrugged and glanced at Ernie, a skinny dark-haired man with glasses, who returned the gesture.

"We're ready to start. On your backs, Ladies." Ron announced.

Billy took up his position in the center of the mat. They decided to start with Carol, who laughingly assured them she had the widest, wettest cunt. "It'll slide into me like a hotdog into a bun." She announced, announced, her legs spread wide. She frigged at her clit as she waited for the starting whistle, eyes locked on Billy's. He stuffed an end of the dildo into his mouth, biting into it just behind the head for leverage. 

"OK- cocks in mouths, boys. No hands from here on out. Ready? Set? Go!"

Billy leaned in and opened Carol's cunt lips with his hands and poised the dildo head and began to push with his neck and shoulders. 

"Feed it to me slowly, Billy. Once we get the head in, we're home free."

The judge, the same curly haired blonde in the referee shirt, leaned closely over the insertion, her face just inches away from Billy's. It was tricky getting the floppy toy started, but he suddenly found a good angle and shoved hard. It entered a short ways into Carol's cunt, but at the same time pushed backwards into his own mouth, and he pulled off it, gagging. 

The girls were squealing in excitement. "You have it, Billy! Push it a little more and you got it!"

He worked the unattended edge of the double-dong back into his mouth without it falling out of Carol's snatch, and he bit harder, pushing in short, smooth strokes that worked it in further. 

"Four inches!" The referee called. "Pull it back out."

"How far?" He asked, gasping as he looked up at her. She had vivid blue eyes that were lined with varied wrinkles, and he realized she was probably one of the older women in the room. But she was still very cute, and she winked at him mischievously.

"Nobody ever said. Just take it back aways and give it another shove."

He finished Carol off easily, and crawled to Mai. She was going to be the hardest, he figured, with such a small, tight cunt. But a timely 'accidental' nudge from the referee helped get the initial insertion. 

"Oops!" She said innocently. "I hope nobody spanks me later for that!" 

Billy was necessarily crouched on his hands and knees, positioning himself for leverage, and someone reached underneath and started fondling his cock and balls at about the third stroke, and he yelped and nearly yanked the dildo out.

He was surprisingly exhausted as he finished with Mai, and when he pulled out, Ernie eagerly took the dildo from the mat as he dropped it. 

Billy fell back onto his elbows, panting heavily. He glanced across at what he could see of the other teams, which was mostly just asses and piles of flesh. He saw a pair of shapely brown legs in the air that could have been Rosalita's. There was shouting and laughter everywhere, and some woman was loudly coming in fine porn star fashion.

Carol rolled over next to him, and planted a warm kiss on his cheek. "Good work, stud! But Ernie's having trouble getting started. You might have to help out."

He exhaled heavily and grinned. "OK- you want me to take over?"

She reached down and grabbed his meat, which was somewhere just shy of full erection. His balls felt over-full and heavy, and he knew when he finally did get a chance to bust a nut it would be a messy scene.

"What you need to do," Carol said as she expertly stroked him towards rigidity. "is to distract the ref. I think she's got a sweet spot for you." She nodded at the striped-shirt blonde, who was kneeling on hands and knees next to Ernie, peering down and shaking her head as he struggled to get the dildo in Tonita's cunt. 

"Is that legal?" He asked.

Carol just raised an eyebrow at him and pointed at the softly round ass of the referee. He rose to his knees and crawled forward between the ref's feet. He reached underneath and gently stroked her lips. She arched immediately back against him and turned her head to look at him. 

Smiling, she winked again and wiggled her ass against him. Reaching underneath, she guided him into her soft, velvety folds and he began thrusting slowly into her. Somebody slapped his ass hard, and he took the hint and increased the pace. 

In a very short time he was pounding furiously deep inside her, and her face was buried against the mat, mouth wide agape as she moaned raggedly. 

Meanwhile, Tonita blatantly took the dildo in her hands and thrust it rapidly in and out of her cunt. Ernie had lost his hold on it, and was comically trying to grab the other end in his wide open mouth as it writhed and jumped in the air. 

Billy felt the heat rising deep in his balls, and knew he was getting close. He reached out and tapped Tonita's knee and nodded over to Carol, who was lying on her back, ready for the final relay.

"Fuck it." Tonita said huskily, and pushed Ernie aside. With the Dildo still inside, she crawled over to Carol and inserted the other end into her and the two began fucking each other eagerly.

"Here.....I......cum!" Billy said, letting loose torrent after torrent of semen deep into the referees twat. Her own orgasm clenched her tightly against his shaft and he groaned continuously. 

His orgasm lasted a long time, and he kept pumping slowly into her until she finally moved forward off of him. She lay with her eyes closed for a long moment, then turned and smiled at him. "Wow. I think we have a winner." She pulled a whistle out from beneath her shirt and blew a short blast on it. 

Team Dream-Fuck was pretty much busily fucking each other. Carol and Tonita were still riding the double-dong, and Mai was on top of Ernie, wriggling on his pole. 

By the time the other teams finished the event, Billy was stirring towards another erection as Carol and Bonita took turns licking him clean. 

"OK- after 3 events, the winner is Team Dream-Fuck! So they get to be the judges in the next and final events of the evening- the Blow Job contest and the Pussy Eating Prize.

Shortly after the announcement, Billy found himself blindfolded and seated in a cushioned chair with his hands tied to the arms. He knew Ernie was similarly seated to his right, and Mai and Tonita beyond him. Neither John nor Carol were judging this event. 

"OK- this is how it goes. Each of the other teams line up randomly. They get 2 minutes to make the judges come. Whoever is on the pole or in the hole when the orgasm happens wins second place for their team- and second place means you get to make up the rules for next weeks games, and be the judges and refs. You can use hands, but only on the cocks, cunts and tits- no rimming or ass-play. That's it- ready? Go?

Billy knew it would take a good while for him to come again. He heard Ernie bust his nut loudly after maybe half a dozen changes, but despite some terrific techniques and some unimaginably talented mouths, he felt like he was in control. 

He even recognized Rosalita despite the blindfold when she took a turn on him- he recognized her soft, full lips and the way she liked to nibble at the sensitive flesh just beneath and under his cockhead. He thought about giving her the victory by trying to come for her, but he was digging all the hot mouths that were coming his way too much.

He also recognized Carols twist and suck bit, and at one point he realized with a start that what he was feeling on his thighs was a man's beard. He began to freak out a bit, but the guy was undeniably good, and Billy didn't figure the situation made him any kind of a homo. 

It was only a couple of mouths after that the he felt a feather-soft, ultra-light technique that worked its way up and down the length of his shaft. One hand cupped his balls and gently squeezed, and in contrast the other trailed sharp nails up his belly to grip and pull at his chest and nipples. 

Just before the hot mouth engulfed his aching length, he heard her breathe huskily. "Don't tell Mom about this, bro." 

Sylvia. 

Down to the root on his pole, his cock deep down her throat. The thought took him instantly over the edge, and he groaned and writhed against his bonds as he spurted again and again into her gullet. 

Ron blew the whistle one last time. "That's a wrap, folks. The show's over- we have our winners. Don't forget to tip your waitresses, and we'll see you next week. In the meantime, please enjoy Hedon's Heaven safely!