 I looked out the window as I was getting out of bed. I thought what a beautiful day The sun was shining. It was going to be a great day to go walking. As I hurried around my apartment dressing and pulling my long blonde hair up into a pony tail. I slipped on my tennis shoes, then rushed out the front door. I was so anxious to get out the door to go walking. I decided to walk in the opposite direction then my usual walking trail. 

I wanted do to do some window shopping at the same time. I had never seen such interesting shops as the ones on this block. I kept walking till I came upon this cute lingerie shop located down the alley. It was very quaint, the outside painted in different colored flowers.

I was quite taken with the décor of the shop as soon as I entered the shop. The shop had a certain aura of sex through out. I had this tingly feeling come over me the minute I started to walk around. Suddenly, a beautiful woman appeared from behind the curtain that lead to the dressing rooms.

"Hello, my name is Sasha " "How may I assist you today?" She was absolutely breath taking. She had long beautiful cascading dark hair, her skin was olive tone. Her body had curves that could turn anyone's head to stare at her. Her large breasts were pushing through her top. Her cleavage , oh my god, what beautiful mounds of tan flesh, her  nipples were sticking out through her top. She smelled so good that I wanted to drink her up the moment she came near me. Her vanilla scent filled the room. The atmosphere of the room possessed a sexual energy. I had to stop and take a deep breath as she came near me. I was so taken by her beauty. My immediate response was to say that I was just looking. Looking alright, looking at her exquisite face and body. 

Sasha, came over and said that she had the perfect lingerie for me. They had just gotten this new line in yesterday. " You are the perfect petite size",  Your luscious large breasts will look divine in this lovely lingerie. Your round buttock will look beautiful in the thong.

Sasha said, "Please, let me show them to you."

Sasha walked over to the rake of lingerie an held up a sexy red corset and thong panties that were trimmed in black lace. It hooked in the front with a black ribbon down the back then tied at the bottom. 

Sasha, directed me to the changing room.  She said " I will bring several items into the room that you can try on"  I couldn't understand what was happening to me. I had never been attracted to a woman before. But Sasha was so gorgeous that I felt a stirring inside me all the way down to my pussy which was tingling, by just looking at her.

She said, "Go into the room and remove your top and shorts." I did as she told me to do. I wasn't wearing a bra, so I felt a little self-conscience as she entered the tiny dressing room and all I was wearing was my panties. She said, " You will need to remove your panties so you can try on the thong to the corset." Now, I was standing naked in front of this beautiful woman who I have never seen before. 

Sasha, had brought several different lingerie in with her. "I am going to have you try on the red corset first." She removed it from the hanger and handed it to me. She remained standing behind me. I started to put the corset on, when I felt her fingers come up to touch the back of my neck. I felt tingles go through my spine. Then, she slowly ran the back of her right hand down along my arm. With her left hand she gently run it down to rest at my waist. I was very nervous and excited at the same time. "Can I help you with that?" "You seem to be having some trouble getting the straps in place."

Sasha, then pulled the corset around to my front, she started hooking the front together. My large breasts were flowing over the top of the corset. She gently took my right breast in her hand and slide it into the front of the corset. Her finger managed to brush my nipple. She looked at my face to see my reaction. Her fingers could feel my reaction by her touch. My nipple immediately turned hard. I could feel my heart pounding out of my chest. I was sure that she could hear it as well. Our eyes met, she leaned forward and kissed my lips very tenderly. I was surprised, I had never encounter a women's lips on mine. They were full but soft. I didn't try to stop her because I was enjoying her gentle touch. She pressed harder on my lips until her tongue was inside my mouth. she sucked gently on my tongue. I couldn't stop thinking, "What the hell am I doing? I knew that I should stop this, but I didn't make any attempts to do it.

Then, she took my other breast in her hand and lowered her head down and slipped my nipple inside her warm lustrous mouth. Her lips were so soft and gentle as she sucked on my nipple teasing it with her tongue. She then started circling my areola with her tongue. She lightly used her teeth to bite on my nipple as she succumbed it into her hot mouth.

I could feel my head starting to spin. I felt lightheaded. I was so aroused by her caresses and sucking on my breasts. I could feel my heart pounding and my pussy starting to throb. She knew I was enjoying this little sexual encounter. She removed my other breast from the corset then started running her tongue around my nipple. She used her thumb to rub my nipple as she continued to stroke my other breast.  My nipples were hard as a rock, I starting pushing my breast deeper into her mouth. Her mouth felt so wonder suckling at my breast. My body felt like it was on fire. I could feel my pussy getting wetter with every suck of her tongue. I wanted her to take me right there on the dressing room floor. She then placed my large hot mounds of breasts inside the corset. Then, she slowly started to move down to below my waist.

As Sasha kneeled down in front of me she was holding the panties in her hands. "Be careful as you step into these" She held the thong panties open so that I could slip them on. . My whole body was trembling so much that I could barely raise my leg to put the panties on without fear of falling.  I had to place my hands onto her shoulders as I stepped into the panties. Oh my god, I was so wet. She knew that her touches were sending tiny explosion throughout my body. She could see pussy juice escaping from my vagina. The hot juices were starting to run down the inside of my thigh. By now my clit was so swollen and wanting her to touch me. My breathing was starting to get a little heavier as my breasts pressed against the corset. They were wanting her to return her attention to them.

Sasha pulled the thong up my legs. Then, she took her fingers and slide the thong into place over my pussy. Her finger managed to slip underneath the panties and gently touch my clit. I was frozen, I wasn't able to speak. I could feel my legs starting to quiver. She said, "Your pussy is so smooth and wet." Her finger pulled the throng to the side of my leg. She leaned into lick my clit with her tongue. Then, her other hand moved to my pussy and she slide her finger into my pussy. She pulled her finger out of my pussy then stuck it into her mouth and sucked my juices from her finger. She continue to suck on my clit and move her tongue vigorously back and forth across my clit. She put her finger into my pussy again. She inserted one finger then two, then three. Sasha, was moving her fingers in and out of my pussy and sucking on my clit. I softly cried out "I'm cumin." I could feel my body starting to release a magnificent orgasm. " Don't stop, Sasha, please." I could feel my hot juices flowing as she sucked and drank them from my pussy. I had never cum this hard in my life. I held her head to my clit until the waves of ecstasy moved through my body. She removed her moist lips from my clit.

Then, Sasha moved behind me so that she could adjust the strap of the panties in the back. She remained on her knees as she now was facing my butt. Sasha, started at the top of the panties and run her finger down the cleavage of my ass. She placed a gentle warm kiss on my right buttock as she made the adjustment on my panties. She placed her finger into her mouth then proceeded to put it into my ass. She continued to put gentle kisses on my butt. Her finger was going deeper into my ass, when a tall, gorgeous man stepped into the dressing room.  "Sasha, do you need some help?" I was letting little moans escape from my mouth as she was fucking my ass with her finger. Jonathan whispered, "Awe, can I join you? Sasha, nodded her head , as he started to remove his shirt, I was in such waves of excitement that I could barely manage to bring my arms up to help unbutton his shirt. 

He leaned over and started to kiss me. My mouth parted as his hot tongue found its way inside my mouth. His kisses had me whimpering soft moans. I reached for the button on his jeans. He reached down and pushed his jeans to the floor. His cock was so hard as he stepped in between my legs further. I could feel his hard cock rubbing against my pussy. 

Sasha, moved her hand to his hard cock and balls. She took his long hard shaft into her mouth. His mouth continued to place lavish kisses on my mouth. His hands found my breasts. They were still throbbing from Sasha's sucking earlier. He moved his hot moist mouth to my vast breasts. He removed them from the corset, then started sucking them softly then vigorously. Sasha, had stopped fucking my ass. She was still behind me when she placed Jonathan's hard cock in her mouth. She was sucking his cock as she took her mouth up and down the long shaft. Her head was brushing my clit every time she went down his shaft sending waves of excitement through my pussy. Jonathan pulled away from both of us, then placed my arms against the wall. He pulled my ass back toward him. Sasha, moved in front of me and started licking my pussy. 

Jonathan then, took his cock and rubbed it down my ass to my pussy juices. My pussy was dripping wet, he used my juices to lubricate his cock. Then, he pushed his hard cock into my pussy, while, Sasha remained on her knees and continued to suck my clit. He started moving in and out with long easy strokes. Every stoke started to get harder as he thrushes his cock faster and faster into my pussy. He was so deep inside my pussy, I cried out to him , "Oh my god, I cumin" Don't stop, please" "fuck me, harder, harder" I could feel the head of his cock getting bigger. He shoved his cock so deep in my pussy I thought it was going through me, as he cried "Oh, I'm cumin."  Sasha, sucked my pussy till there wasn't anymore juices left in me. 

As I walked back to my apartment, I thought this couldn't have happened it must have been a dream. But my pussy was still steaming hot from Sasha's hot mouth.