 I will call the girl of this story Colette. I met her on an online game, we started as just friends, and then it quickly escalated as we would chat about everything into the early hours of the morning, most of the time not even paying attention to the game. At the time I was 18, fresh out of college, she was 28 and at university, so we both had a lot of spare time to play and chat when she wasn't studying or working on an essay.

Colette was living at the university for the most part, with a small dorm of her own, and I would be confined to my bedroom, normally undisturbed, at my nans house. So after a while of playing together and getting to know each other, we had exchanged emails and added each other on skype. At first I was very shy to show any pics of myself, but after awhile, she would put her cam on and chat to me, eventually, I felt I could trust this woman and I would reveal myself to her. I am not a hunk or model of a man, but she did not judge, and we only became closer since then.

It started off completely innocent, but one night, we were both chatting but were bored with the game, so we just cam chatted each other for awhile, doing silly things, and showing off the stuff we own, which didn't take long since Colette lived in small dorm, and I only my bedroom. So as the night went on, we had run out of things to talk about, except 1 thing, that Colette loves all things British (oh ye, I'm British), and to prove it, she showed me her favorite bra that she was wearing. There she was sitting on her bed in her dorm, on my cam, her breasts covered by the union jack flag pattern bra, and a cheeky smile on her face and she sees my shocked expression.

I fumble with words as I tell her she is a beautiful girl;

"my boobs aren't very big!" she says as she cups her tits with her hands giving them a little shake.

"they are perfect, a handful is enough :P"

Her hands still holding her tits, she looks shyly into the camera before sliding a finger into the cup of her bra and pulling it down, exposing a perfect pink hard nipple. My jaw dropped and I was instantly hard. Colette covered her nipple back up and bit her lip and looked at me for my reaction.

Nothing much else happened that night, it was the next step of trust between us, since this we had become more daring with each other, talking about what we would do to each other. I will never forget sitting logged onto the game, but not paying attention to it as I was typing my 1st sex story to her, maybe one I will retell in future post. I was in love and lust over this woman, now I just had to get a job to save up to meet her in person!

On a Friday evening, I log onto the computer and Colette soon comes online too, she calls me on cam.

"hey"

"hay! we are having party here at university, just going to spend some time in common room with friends if that's ok?"

"of course it is, don't get too drunk! and Il speak to you later?"

"Yes!! I miss you, il be coming up and down from my room to get beers and check skype, so il leave cam on and we can chat when I get back?"

"Ok that's cool"

She left for the party in some tight fitting jeans and a hooded jumper and the night went on uneventful as I played my game. Colette came back an hour later to the room and was telling me she's having fun but missing me at the same time, she must of left her door open though as a friend walks in and starts chatting to her, she introduces us both to each other, Ian was his name. After a wave he mumbles something to Colette in their language and then returns to the party.

"They want you back at the party, don't sit in your room all night! :P"

After another round of 'I miss you's' and waves, she goes back to the party, and I return to my game.

Stoned and tired, at about 1am I log off the game and prepare to watch a tv series in bed. 'Oh the cam chat is still open', but Colette's not back yet as the room is dark and quiet. After watching an episode or 2 of some series, I hear some bangs, shuffling, and talking, though I cant understand what they are saying. I pause the episode and switch to the cam. There is a big guy sitting back on the bed drinking a beer (to the left), I see Ian come past the screen now and sit on desk next to bed, Colette comes into the shot as she hands Ian a beer and opens one for herself before sitting on the other end of the bed (on the right side of my screen), still chatting in foreign language. Colette says something to Ian, and he stands up and walks to the laptop, I pretend I've not noticed and watching something else, but nothing happens, after some typing I hear music pop up, did Ian see the cam chat, or was it minimized? I was confused but also curious at the same time. This woman had my deep trust even though we had never met in person, however, the thoughts of porn scenes that start this way crept into my mind, I wasn't jealous or angry, on the contrary, this situation had me hard as rock. So I watched in quiet as my innocent and shy Colette sat with 2 guys in her room drinking, though they are just her friends, she is stunning and I know she could make them hard if she had wanted too.

It was an hour of random chatting, and Ian was browsing on the laptop, still not noticing (or ignoring) the skype chat, and at this point I'm sure even Colette had forgotten the cam was still on. A good song comes on and Ian says something to Colette and the other guy, Colette stands up.. trying to keep balance and reaches for a draw close to the laptop, and pulls out some playing cards. She tosses the cards to the big guy on the bed and begins to dance to the music while the cards are shuffled and some cards were shared among the 3 of them face down the rest put in the middle of the bed. Each picked up their pile and tried to hide the cards from each other, the big guy in the corner on the bed, Ian next to him on a seat pulled out from the desk, and Colette at other end of the bed still half dancing as she looks through her cards. 

I didn't know what game was being played but I was certain the guys wasn't playing fair as Colette drained her beer as she lost the 3rd game in a row, and the guys would poke each other and laugh when she would get up to grab another, she returned to her seat on the bed and she must of thrown in the towel because the guys reaction were a big "awwwhh", but after some talking and encouragement, they come to some agreement and continue play on.

This time I was surprised when the big guy dropped his cards and sighed, Colette cheering at the win, or not losing for once. Until he reached up and pulled his shirt off, showing a toned but not muscly body, he says something and Colette laughs loud, leaning forward to grab the shirt and toss it into the guys face, Ian laughing at him too. Though he doesn't put the shirt on, he deals another game and the cards go on. This time Ian loses, the big guy hooting at him and Colette punching the big guy, Ian seems a good guy as he takes his shoes and socks off and the big guy answers with a loud "booo".

Colette is up to lose next, but she doesn't want to shed clothing, I guess that was what was happening at this point, as Ian was leaning back in his seat being quiet but smiling and the big guy trying to get Colette to comply with the rules. It took about 15minues of talking between these two until, eventually Colette gives in and shyly and slowly pulls her jumper off.

She was wearing nothing but a bra underneath, 'comfort is my style' she would say. I was astonished, I only imagined dirty things but now it was really getting heated. This was a much better tv show.

Awkward silence filled the room for a moment, shortly interrupted as the big guy dealt out a new hand and the jolly talking was back. The game slowed down as the talking took more of the attention, laughing and teasing. The big guy moved to get off the bed and as he stood, he had a clear erection, from the sight of Colette or the talking, I don't know.

Ian and Colette burst out laughing pointing

"Micheal??"

I guess that was his name, as Colette questioned his hard on, but he just smiled and undid his top button on his jeans letting them drop, revealing his loose grey boxers. He stepped out of the jeans and forward out of screen shot, the other 2 still giggling as they try to pick up the card game where it was forgotten. A few minutes later Micheal returns with 3 beers and climbs over the bed into his position, still wearing only boxers and his cock still half hard, handing the beers over. 4am and the music had long stopped, Colette turns to put on the tv, which is at the end of the bed next to her and curls up facing the screen, her back to micheal, and Ian still sitting in the desk chair.

For a long while no one spoke and I had thought everyone had fallen asleep, until micheal had slowly managed to moved across the bed, almost spooning Colette but not close enough, perched on one elbow, the other hand slowly makes its way up the side of her leg over her thigh, to rest on her side. I couldn't tell if she was awake or asleep, she showed no signs of moving, until he circled his hand around onto her ass and began to caress between her cheeks and slowly progressing towards her pussy, her hand moves around and weakly pushes his away. Micheal stays in his position for a few minutes and then attempts the same thing again, this time running his hand up the inside of her legs and her hand reaches around to grab Micheals wrist and stop him advancing any closer, but it didn't stop him. He was stronger and his hand still advanced, his thumb reaching and massaging her pussy over the jeans. Colette's head rolls back and then after about 20 seconds, she moves and pushes his arm away with her foot and swiftly resumes her position, trying to sleep, or watch tv.

At this point I realise Ian is also still awake as the sight had given him an erection too, though he stays quiet and hasn't moved. Micheal still hadn't given up, still only wearing his boxers, he gets onto his knees and moves close to Colette positioning himself so his hard on is floating just above her head. A few seconds had gone by, Colette not moving or reacting, Micheal pulls his waist band down, his cock springing free, it looks to be a good 7 inches and rather thick. But still no reaction, so he grabs his cock at the base and light taps the tip on her cheek, Colette snaps her head around, a hard cock an inch from her lips. She mumbles something and micheal replies with a smile and a wave of his cock and pushing it closer to her face, she turns her head bk to the tv and resumes ignoring him. 

Micheal starts to rub his cock up and down now with his left hand as his right hand slyly reaches under her arm and grasps her tit, slowly massaging it. Colette turns her head back to Micheal, staring at him with mouth slightly open, Micheal, still playing with her tit, pushes his cock into her mouth. I almost cum right there when Colette just let him enter her mouth, He with draws his right hand and pulls her onto her back with her knee, spreading her legs (perfect view for me at this point) and reaching down to rub her pussy while she started to suck and take his cock deeper. Micheal starts to undo the jean buttons and zip, and slides a hand into her panties, a slight moan escapes her as I presume he managed to get a finger into her, after a few minutes of this, Micheal pulls his cock out of her mouth, saliva dropping onto the bed, he twists her around so he is now between her legs and he reaches under and pulls her jeans and panties off in one motion, throwing them to the floor next to Ian, who is still erect, but this time with his hand down his pants, slowly moving.

With Colette on her back Micheal lines himself up between her legs, I see slowly moving back and forth, becoming longer strokes. Once he had worked himself all the way inside her, he picked up the pace, and with each of her legs hanging over his arms, he pumps his hips harder, Colette's head rolling back and grasping onto the bed sheets, she spots Ian, now with his zip down and his cock out in his hands. She seemed shocked as though she forgot he was there, and hides her face in her hands, Micheal, pounding her pussy with long powerful strokes, mouths something to Ian and gestures to Colette.

Awkwardly Ian releases his cock and stands up slowly, as though not trying to make a sound as Colette still was hiding her face in embarrassment. He stands next to the bed, his back to me and his cock pointing towards Colette, he is blocking her top half now. It looked as though he was wanking onto her face as I saw his arm pumping for awhile, but she must of took over as his hands dropped to the side and could hear him begin to moan.

Micheal pushes his cock deep into Colette a couple more times before pulling out and finishing himself off on her stomach, before getting up and walking off the screen (probably to the bathroom). Colette now rolls onto her side and gives her full attention to sucking Ians cock, I can see the cum dripping across her stomach and chest and her hands grip Ian's ass, as though trying to force his dick further down her throat, he complies and grips her head and his hips begin to face fuck her before becoming completely still, blowing his load into her throat, I also cum at this point unable to hold back. I hear some slurping and kissing sounds, I guess she wanted to clean him off, and then he quickly pulls his trousers up and almost falls as he tries to leave in embarrassment.

I sit here now, room silent, the woman on the cam lying with cum dripping down her cheek, tits and her stomach. Using her hand, wipes the cum off and licks it clean, and then snuggles upto with her bed cover to fall asleep. I clean up and leave a message on the chat before closing the cam and going to bed.

"I was guessing that you forgot that you left cam on? I'm glad you did, that was amazing! you look like you had fun :D <3 /hug, I hope to chat to you soon!

PS you look so cute sleeping :)"