 He was burning nag champa incense. The musky and heady fragrance was familiar and pleasing and helped me relax a bit. But there was something else, rose perhaps? Yes, it was definitely rose. That made sense, because I remembered that he said rose incense arouses feelings of love and sensuality. 

The quiet strains of traditional Indian music wafted through the fragrant room. It was a perfect choice, I had to admit it had a very seductive quality to it. I wanted to ask him what the music was, but I remembered that we agreed there would be no talking until the time came. 

There was some rustling, a duffle bag or backpack maybe, and the clinking of metal that I guessed was a belt-buckle - perhaps he was getting dressed - but it could have been almost anything really. The sounds of his activity a few feet away were punctuated by sharp intakes and exhalations of breath. I tried to imagine what he was doing, what kind of expressions he was making, tried to understand the sounds I heard. And the more I thought about the possibilities, the harder it was to make sense of the strange combination of sensations and feelings I was having as I waited in patience and silence. 

I trusted him, that was true. I mean of course I did, it would be Insane to agree to something like this with anyone else. But despite the fact that I knew he would never let me be harmed, I still felt small pangs of fear, which I told myself was born of the unknown. After all I did tell him I was up for just about anything. 

The early summer evening was pleasant and I felt a soft breeze lightly touching the exposed skin of my legs, face and neck. It wasn't the kind of air that would cause a chill, yet my skin felt electric and I knew my flesh was raised even though my hands remained at my side, each one tightly holding a round red garnet gemstone. These, he told me, would amplify my sexual energy. 

Rob and I had been lovers off and on for over twenty years and we were quite familiar with each other's quirks and kinks. Recently, we had reconnected after four or five years and decided to try new things with each other. One of them was rock climbing. Another was this. 

Knowing Rob as I did, there were a few things I could rule out that would not be part of the surprise - neither of us were into anal sex or pain. But I did give him a sort of carte blanche, and as I played out different scenarios in my mind's eye, my anxiety became laced with anticipation and arousal. 

He was moving around in his spacious apartment, the closing and opening of doors further heightening my intense curiosity. Then, I heard his slow and deliberate footsteps coming towards the contoured faux-leather chais lounge where I lay still and quiet, wearing only a purple, silk robe that ran to the middle of my thighs and a tightly bound, black blindfold that effectively prevented me from seeing anything. 

My visual world was a black void and my other senses were heightened as a result. I told myself that my mind was playing with me when I thought I heard short, muffled sounds like the overtones of a woman's voice. 

Suddenly, my attention snapped back to a voice in my ear that was undeniably real. It was his voice, whispering softly. Though he was speaking gently, I could hear an edge in his quiet words. "I have a few gifts for you tonight, but I won't give them to you all at once, lest you be overwhelmed," he murmured. "I really hope you are in a receiving mood." 

I smiled but still made no sound until I felt the light brush of his fingertips stroking my legs near my knees then moving slowly 0up my thighs. At that point I could not prevent a small breathy moan from escaping my lips. 

"Well are you in a receiving mood? You certainly seem to be," he said as his fingers travelled under the silken hem of my robe and found the warm, smooth flesh of my inner thighs. 

"Yes, I am," my voice was small but charged and the sound of it brought on another wave of arousal that seem to originate somewhere in the middle of my gut. 

"Good," he continued breathing into my ear, "because I'm in a very, very generous mood." 

Then I felt strong hands stroking my body in various spots, bringing nerve endings to excruciatingly heightened levels of sensitivity. Fingers traced a frame around the edges of my labia and strummed across my clit and I shuddered. My perky nipples, which I could feel carrying the throbbing pulse of my racing heart, were being tounge-tickled and lightly pinched. 

Soon, it became obvious that I was being shared by my boyfriend with another guy. My pussy was being teased and my nipples stimulated by two sets of hands. And though the very idea of being in a threesome had always made me nervous, finding myself in the middle of one, I decided to abandon my inhibitions and give in to the rising lust that was spreading through my body like a fire.

My legs parted slightly and I felt the cool, gossamer fabric of my robe fall away to my sides. My pussy felt like it would explode when a mouth that clearly knew what it was doing started licking my wetness. 

My boyfriend, well I thought it was Rob, continued to lick and suck on my thick, hardened nipples. The soft sounds I thought I heard earlier were clearer now, but I still couldn't tell whether it was from a video he was watching or not.

Then, I felt the hot, heavy weight of a hard cock press against my cheek. I took it in my mouth and started working a rhythm. My head was being held still and slowly, very slowly, the huge man-handle slid in and out of my mouth.

I made a silent guess that it was my man working my mouth, but I couldn't tell for sure, and truthfully I didn't really care. A couple of times he stopped me again and held as still as night and I knew he was trying hard not to come. 

Watching me having sex with another guy was something we often talked about in fantasy and I knew this was turning Rob on wildly. The thought of him getting off on sharing me with another guy triggered another pang of lust in my viscera.

I was still blindfolded and now I was taken to levels of desire I had never even imagined before. I gave no resistance as I was led to kneel with my hands in front of me. 

Crouched on the sofa in a doggie posture, I felt hands on my ass in a firm, paw-like grip. My open mouth was kissed deeply and I almost bit into my lip when I felt the thrust of a huge dick gaining deep access from behind. 

With a grunt, someone heaved his cock into my mouth and I rocked back and forth between the two Invaders, the supple sinews in my arms and legs well-toned and taut.

Rob finally removed the blindfold and it took a couple of minutes for my eyes to adjust to the lighting in the room. I was led to a couch and sat back, waiting for my vision to return. There was a guy on both sides of me, and they were both touching my skin lightly and rubbing my swollen breasts. 

When I was finally able to focus my vision, I saw Rob smiling at me. On the other side of me was a very handsome and muscular man that I recognized as one of his work friends, Chris. 

I had met Chris had a holiday party about six months prior, and to tell the truth, I noticed that he was hot the first time I saw him. He seemed to have a very easy going personality as well. Rob had chosen an excellent partner for my first threesome. 

But it wasn't a threesome after all. Kneeling in front of Rob, wearing nothing except skimpy, red panties with black lace, was Maria, Chris' beautiful Puerto Rican wife. Her smooth, caramel skin contrasted with Rob's untanned whiteness and she turned her dark brown eyes to meet mine as her mouth worked slowly on my lover's rigid member. 

Rob gripped my chin and turned my head towards him so that our eyes met. We held each other's gaze intensely for a few moments, and I knew that he I was asking with his eyes if I was okay with all of this.

In response I gave him a deep French kiss, and as we pushed and pulled each others tongues, I felt a wave of arousal in my stomach, the kind you get when you drive fast over a hill in the road.

I understood in that moment why the idea of watching me with another guy was so exciting to him. I was getting very turned on I realized it had a lot to do with the fact that Rob was being pleasured by a beautiful, exotic woman. I looked at Maria and smiled then placed myself in front of her husband and took his huge cock in my mouth. 

There we were side-by-side, two couples in a full swap. And now that the ice was not just broken, but entirely thawed, I felt myself rising to an even higher state of arousal. Perhaps the red garnet was working it's magic, I thought to myself. But whatever the reason, I felt raw and hot and kinky in a way I had never known before. 

Almost without realizing it, as if the lust that I was feeling had a mind of its own, I got up and stood on the couch, facing Chris. I presented my smooth, shaved pussy to him for his, and my, enjoyment. 

He grabbed my ass with both hands and pulled my hot sex onto his eager and adept mouth. Then he rubbed his lips against my second-lips, pulling me forward until I was practically straddling his face, and he began lapping at my chalis. The ministrations of his tongue sent shock waves of pleasure through my entire body. 

On the other side of the couch Maria was still sucking on Rob's root and now she was moaning loudly and openly, while one hand was moving doggedly under the thin material of her panties. 

Rob was fondling her round, ample tits as they brushed against his thighs, but his attention was divided between Maria's blowjob and the cunnilingus I was receiving. 

The whole scene was wild and exciting and really, that was surprising. I had always been uninterested in having a three-way with a guy and another girl. Not only am I not bi-curious, I also know how catty and judgemental women can be, especially about physical appearances. 

I have no problems with my own looks and I get more than my fair share of attention. I just have no desire to engage in competition or comparisons with anyone. But Maria, who I had met before at the party where I met Chris, did not come off as competitive or judgemental. 

She had an open and sincere vibe, and that helped to allay any misgivings I may have had about the presence of another woman in an encounter such as this. It was also obvious that she loved sucking cock and the pleasure written on Rob's face was a huge turn-on.

I was at that point where I couldn't take anymore stimulation or teasing - my desire was at a fever pitch and I just needed to get fucked soundly. I knelt down so that my knees were straddling Chris's hips and with one hand guided his engorged cock past my slippery pink petals. I lowered myself onto him as he sunk deep into my canal. I felt the heat and pressure in my face as we locked into a rhythm of raw, hard fucking. 

Rob's breathing became ragged and his sighs and gasps of pleasure signalled he was very close to climax. It was that very thought, that he was about to come from getting sucked off while watching me fuck, that sent me over the edge.

I couldn't hold back any more and my orgasm came quick and hard. The grinding became even more frenzied and I moaned as the tension that had been seizing my body exploded into an orgasmic mushroom cloud.

At the same time, I heard a long, low moan from Rob and a series of humming sounds from Maria and I knew he was cumming. I slid off of Chris and lay exhausted on the couch. 

Looking over, I saw that Maria and Rob both had big smiles on their faces, and Maria's mouth and neck were glistening from the large volume of semen she had coaxed from Rob's balls. The cum travelled down Maria's chest and dripped onto her caramel breasts. She was having fun rubbing cum on her thick, dark.

But Chris, far from finished, mounted me in that afterglow and started fucking me in missionary position. Rob came over and held my hand while his friend pounded my pussy with increasing vigor. 

I reached up to stroke Chris' chest, running my fingers through the curly tufts of hair and petting his small, hard nipples. With a gasp Chris pulled out of me as his dick was spraying cum all over my stomach. He let off three or four thick bursts and his warm fluid reached all the way up to my neck. It was hot and it was fun and I giggled has he collapsed next to me. 

Only Maria had not reached the Promised Land, and it turned out that she was having her period and could not have intercourse. She seemed happy with the results of her head giving session, but I actually felt bad that she could not participate more completely. 

She told me to not have pity on her because she had been on the receiving end of several threesomes and welcomed me to the club. Though I would have bet against it, Maria and I ended up becoming good friends after that night, and we would have more than one adventure since.