 THIS STORY IS 100% TRUE AS ARE ALL STORIES BY THE AUTHOR.

What an insanely sexy week we've had! We've never had this much swinging fun in one week. One of the many benefits of having swinging friends live close by is that you get to hang out and when sexy opportunities arise you can pounce on it.

Our sexy friends Angel and Kevin have been the center of our swinging fun as of late and I certainly am loving it. Angel is just what her name implies, angelic in demeanor and look. But get this vixen worked up and she turns into a sex kitten. Kevin is this tall sexy man with a huge amount of energy and raging sexual desires.

Saturday April 12th: THE LIBERATOR WEDGE! 

Kevin had to pull a late shift and wasn't due home until almost 1 am. Jason and I decided to hang out at Angel's house and wait on Kevin. We didn't arrive until about 10 pm. Angel was very worked up by the time we arrived. Her mischievous eyes were telling me that her desires needed to be fed and soon. 

Jason received an exquisite blow job from Angel as I watched on. I love to see Jason pleased by another woman. Soon though, Jason had Angel on her back with her panties tossed on the floor licking at her protruding labia. Angel moaned aloud with ecstasy and looked up at me with a smile. Since Jason had Angel cross wise on the bed, Angel couldn't really get to touch much of me. 

With a dirty smile on my face, I dropped my shorts, grabbed her fingers and sucked them into my mouth very slowly and sensually. After they were good and wet, I guided them to my dripping pussy. Here was this sexy girl with her fingers buried in my pussy and my sexy man was pounding away at her. The whole moment was so hot, it made me extra wet. I leaned over to whisper in Angel's ear that she made me so wet, she whispered, "I know! You're dripping on my hand!" 

Jason must have been feeling the intensity because in no time he was shooting his load, but not into Angel! To my surprise, Jason held his bulging dick to me and told me to swallow his cum. I happily leaned down, took his throbbing cock into my mouth and swallowed his hot load! Mmmmm....tasty!

Kevin arrived home and was so horny that it was only a matter of minutes before my clothes were lying on the floor. Now Angel and Kevin have a fun toy that I had not had the pleasure of trying. It's called the Liberator Wedge. It's a wedge made from foam that sits on the floor of their room and you can get into all sorts of fun positions on it. 

I lay down on the wedge with my ass on the high part so that my body was lying downhill. Kevin got on his knees and pounded my pussy really hard for awhile. The ache in my pussy was driving me insane. I needed a release and I needed it now! I had Kevin lay on the wedge face up so that his head was on the high end. I then straddled his waist and impaled my pussy on his solidly built cock. 

With the wedge as a lift of his waist, his cock went EXTRA deep into me. I almost came from the first thrust into me. In a matter of seconds I was bouncing and twitching and screaming aloud with a huge orgasm. A few more positions later, Kevin was ready to cum, but he wanted to watch us fuck in a mirror. 

We walked into the bathroom and he bent me over and proceeded to pound my pussy from behind. The reflection of the two of us fucking like that was sexy as hell. In no time, Kevin was unloading his cum into my soaking pussy.

Sunday April 13th: SNEAKY BATHROOM FUCKING! 

After spending the day doing family things, Kevin, Angel, Jason and I were hanging out celebrating one of the children's birthdays. Even after the sexy previous night's activities, we were all still pretty worked up. 

While the kids played Dance Dance Evolution on the Wii, Kevin leans over and whispers, "I want you." So I give him a sly smile and tell him to meet me in the bathroom. 

With the kids distracted and us behind two layers of doors, Kevin proceeded to fuck me but good. He dropped his shorts to the ground as I stripped off mine and in no time Kevin had me bent over and was sliding his hard cock into my dripping pussy. Watching this man in the mirror pound my pussy as he grabbed my hips was very sexy. I clenched my pussy muscles tight around his hard cock, which drove him insane. Kevin came hard and fast with loud grunts of satisfaction. I love sneaky sex!

Wednesday April 16th: UNEXPECTED THREESOME FUN! 

Again, one of the benefits of having friends close by is hanging out in the middle of the work week and not needing to drive far. 

Jason was working so I decided to hang out at Angel and Kevin's house. All three of us were lying in the bed behind locked doors when Angel looked at me with these sexy bedroom eyes that went right through me. I knew she wanted me, desired me, needed me.....as I did her! 

We proceeded to kiss each other passionately with longing kisses. Before we knew what was happening, clothes were coming off and the tasting began. 

Angel made her way between my legs as Kevin looked on with a lustful smile. Angels tender touch on my pussy made me moan aloud with pleasure. Kevin undressed and kneeled over my face beckoning me to suck his throbbing cock. I expertly worked Kevin's cock in my mouth going as deep as I could. All the while my hands massaged his balls and my fingers skimmed his asshole. I took Kevin right to the edge and made him balance there; never quite letting him fall over the edge of an orgasm. 

He stepped away from my teasing mouth and when he did, a rolling wave of desire swept over my body. Angel's sexy tongue and mouth had pushed me over the falls as I muffled my yells of orgasm. 

After coming down from my explosive orgasm, we were interrupted by kids. Angel left the room to deal with them as Kevin begged me to finish what I started. I lay between Kevin's open legs working his hard cock into my mouth. My right hand pumping and squeezing in time with my mouth. Kevin's moans got louder and his breathing got faster. He warned me, "I'm going to cum". I signaled it was ok to cum in my mouth with a moan. The vibration from my moan sent Kevin over the edge. Keeping my lips tightly wrapped around his throbbing cock, I caught and swallowed every drop of his tasty cum. Kevin yelled and grunted so loud I figured the whole house heard. Kevin is usually a quiet guy when he orgasms, so when he yelled out I knew this was a hard deep orgasm. Very nice...

Thursday April 17th: JASON AND ANGEL FUN! 

With Angel having been out of commission for the last three days, she was so very horny and in need of some serious fucking. Kevin nailed her the night before after I left, but she still needed more. Angel being a stay at home mom and Jason working his crazy firefighter schedule, they had the perfect opportunity for some mid day fun! Can we say nooner? 

Being that I wasn't there, I can only relay what I was told. Jason pounded Angel's pussy for a good long while sending Angel into fits of orgasm; a release that she desperately needed. Jason on the other hand came so hard and so much that the wet spot on our bed was enormous. 

Friday April 18th: SWEET TORTURE! 

Now you would think with all the fucking we'd been doing that we'd be wore out! Oh hell no... Kevin and Angel wanted a threesome with me and who was I to say no! Poor Jason had to work, so it was Kevin, Angel and I all night on Friday. 

After a few drinks and heavy flirting, I moved things to my bedroom. Having a king size bed in the swinging world is a must. Lots of room for company! I had not tasted Angel all week and couldn't wait to have her juices in my mouth. 

After a quick and giggly removal of our clothes, I had Angel's leg spread open and my tongue buried deep in her soaking pussy. Mmmm...I lapped at her pussy like a starved pussy cat! Burying my fingers deep in her waiting pussy and my tongue flicking at her clit sent this sexy vixen into fits of pleasure, but not the ultimate release. Shit, I must be loosing my touch! I guess I just need more practice. Giggle! 

Poor Kevin had been looking on long enough and wanted in on the action. So taking him into my mouth as Angel buried her face into my pussy was my idea of heaven. In no time at all, I was screaming aloud with a body shaking orgasm. Damn I love what they do to me. 

A few more positions and sexy fun later, I get a mischievous grin on my face. I look at Kevin in the eyes and asked him, "Do you trust me?" to which he replied, "Of course." Ha ha....game on! I reach into my toy drawer and produced a set of handcuffs! No not the fuzzy kind; the real metal kind. He says, "Uh uh...no way!" He then proceeds to squirm away as I slap the cuffs on him. I was not going to let him out of this. I wanted to control this man who can't stand to be out of control. 

After the cuffs were on and a promise of minimal pain was made, I pushed his cuffed hands above his head and straddled his face. Keeping my pussy just out of reach to where he had to lift his head to lick it. Seeing the strain, I pushed my pussy down on his face and kept it there for awhile. Whispering to Angel to go get some ice, Kevin got a panicked look on his face. I assured him that it was ok and to relax. 

I teasingly kissed him by going deep in his mouth and then pulling away just out of reach. Keeping Kevin wanting more but not letting him have it was my idea of fun. 

With ice in my mouth, I proceeded to drip the cold juice on his nipples, belly and cock. Taking his stiffening cock into my mouth with my hot saliva and ice cube had Kevin gasping with shock. His gasp was like a power elixir to me. I had control and loved it! I motioned for Angel to straddle his cock and fuck him while I held his hands down. 

Now Kevin enjoys two things immensely; touching and watching. And I wasn't going to let him do either! Angel proceeded to finger her engorged clit as she fucked Kevin's hard cock. Meanwhile, I kept Kevin's chin angled up by holding my hand on his throat. This kept him from seeing his beautiful wife impale herself on his cock. I then took each nipple of his and bit down to the point that the exquisite pain sent spasms through his body. I would hold my tit just out of reach of his mouth and then let him suck it for awhile. I'd kiss him teasingly, sometimes pulling my mouth just out of reach. I could tell this inability to touch, taste or see was driving him crazy. Whenever he'd try to glance down at his sexy wife fucking his cock, I'd grab his throat and shove his head upward; whispering in his ear that he doesn't deserve to watch. The whole scenario was so sexy that Angel rubbed her clit and fucked his cock to a mind blowing orgasm. None of which Kevin got to see! He moaned as if the denial of viewing her face as she came was physically painful. The control I felt over him by denying what he most wanted was so erotic to me. I can't wait to try that and more! I love having the control!

Well, as you can see we've had one hell of a week! Angel and Kevin are great swinging friends that we plan to have in our lives for a long time. It's a great time having the sexual freedom to do what you'd like and with such sexy friends. Why live a boring life....life is made to be lived and loved!