 The weather was lousy on the third day and after getting soaked to the skin in the Minnesota bush, Belinda and I decided to call it a day. We returned to the camp, much to the delight of the wet, tired students. It would give them a chance to rest up and recover from some busy days and nights! They could also make some use of the hot tub during the afternoon.

Belinda and I returned to our cabin where we showered together. I soaped her all over and caressed and sucked her luscious tits while she played with my erect cock and fingered my anus with her wet, soapy fingers. At the same time I had three fingers of my right hand buried deep in her now, moist, pussy. We hoped that it would be a quiet afternoon as we towelled each other off. Belinda then lay on the rug by the fireplace slowly caressing her clit with her favorite silver vibe and looking as if she was in a trance. I put on my robe and went to answer the knock on the door. It was Alberta who had come to ask a question about her daily report. I let her in and suddenly her hand went under my robe and found my limp cock. 

'Sir,' she pleaded, looking at me with those big brown eyes, 'I need you to fuck me!'

Well, as you can imagine, I was taken aback but escorted her into the main room where Belinda was now, legs wide apart, with the vibe inserted several inches into her cunt. Alberta looked and smiled as Belinda began to moan. 

'Honey,' Belinda started and looked up, seeing Alberta and me standing there. 'This young lady is becoming a bit of a slut - she wants me to fuck her!'

'Well, well,' exclaimed Belinda, 'Do you want to be our slut, Alberta?'

'Yes miss... I want Sir to fuck me - I love being fucked by his beautiful strong cock.' 

'Mmm, you know that if it happens, there's no turning back. You will be our little slut bitch and you will have to do as we say and command. Do you understand?'

"That's what I want Miss, I'll do anything for you and Sir.' 

By now, of course, my cock was so hard and needed some relief, especially with this coming on top of the shower rub down. Belinda nodded to me, and I took Alberta by the hand and led her to our bedroom. Belinda followed and closed the door.

Belinda commanded Alberta to take off her jeans and sweater and to lie on the bed. She did so without complaint and then she was told to clean off the silver vibrator while Belinda slowly licked her cunt and twirled her experienced tongue over Alberta's pink clit. I sat there playing with my eight inch cock, enjoying the lesbian scene to the fullest. Alberta was told to lie on her stomach with her plump round ass in the air - a sight anyone would jerk off over. With that Belinda called me over and told Alberta to suck my cock but slowly and then she proceeded to pull a large dildo from the drawer and shove it slowly into Alberta's waiting sweet cunt. I could tell Alberta was roused for she increased her action on my cock, tightening the grip with her soft lips. Belinda then told Alberta to stop sucking and I reluctantly pulled out of her mouth, the pre-cum clearly showing on the glans of my throbbing cock. Without stopping the fucking motion of the dildo, Belinda leaned over and said,

'Have you ever been fucked in the ass? 

'I didn't think so - but now your going to feel what it's like to have both holes filled!'

I moved around and moistened my cock with saliva and pushed gently against Alberta's puckered hole. She resisted a little but I persisted and gradually she relaxed and I sank me cock deep inside her so that my balls rested against her sweet ass. I just sat there like that for a short time so she would get used to the feel of my thick cock in her tight anus. Belinda too, kept the dildo inactive. Then we felt Alberta tighten and push and she pleaded with us to fuck her hard. She was becoming a wanton little slut and Belinda and I were excited by that. She nodded and we both thrust in at the same time. Alberta let out a loud groan as we speeded up our movement. 

She was thrusting her ass back on my cock and the sight of my cock sliding in and out of that tight hole was so sensuous and erotic. There were a lot of slurping and swishing sounds as the dildo and my cock hammered away at Alberta's two sex holes. I knew I was close to cumming and my actions of deep thrusts and slapping balls were an indication of a near climax. Alberta had already cum at least twice and now she was on the verge again. Just as I felt my cock about to explode, I pulled out and went to Alberta's front and ejaculated over her dazed looking face. Belinda pulled out the dildo and had Alberta suck it clean so she could taste her own sweet juices. 

Then Belinda licked my cum off Alberta's face and neck and placed her lips on Alberta's mouth plunging in her tongue and making sure that Alberta had a substantial mouthful of cum. Meanwhile I was getting hard again and was ready to fuck Alberta; but this time in her willing, soft, warm, juicy cunt. So I turned her over onto her back lifted her legs vertical and slipped my cock easily into her welcoming vagina. She yelled. 'Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me hard, Sir'; and I obliged with deep, squelching thrusts as she rose to meet me. Belinda meanwhile straddled Alberta's face and placed her sopping cunt against Alberta's mouth where the young slut lapped eagerly at Belinda's sweet, juicy, pink cunt. It didn't take long for me to climax a second time and I had Alberta suck off and clean my cock. 

Belinda and I could tell that though Alberta was spent, she had a glow about her that indicated that she was well satisfied. Belinda told Alberta it was time to get cleaned up and not to tell anyone about this sexual secret.

She and our young slut went to the bathroom and Alberta came out with a wicked smile on her face. I wondered what Belinda had cooked up with her. Of course, Belinda said, 'Wait and see tonight.' That would be hard to do; but I was excited and could not wait to check the girl's cabin at curfew.

As I thought back to the afternoon threesome, I couldn't help but think how lucky we were to have Alberta as our young slut bitch. She was oozing sex and wanted to try any aspect that made her very sensuous and exciting. But, there was also another thought playing around in my mind and it had to do with my job at Franklin High. If all of this got out it was curtains for both Belinda and me. There was no turning back now and what the hell there was any number of other states where we could work. We had made sure that the boys were firmly housed in their cabins and Belinda had already got dressed and was ready to go when I returned. She was rather mysterious - dressed in a long raincoat and with her bag by her side. 

'Well, Rod,' she said in her sexiest, sultry voice, 'are you ready to play?'

'But remember,' she replied to my nod. 'you must go along with what I've planned. O.K.?'

I knew Belinda well and whatever she had organized had to be worth it, so I had no complaint. We left the cabin and walked the short distance to the girl's cabin. I was flushed with anticipation as we walked along; and my expectations were soon to be realized.

As we entered the cabin, it was like walking into an erotic fantasy world. Jennie leaned on the bookcase and she looked stunning. She was naked except for a short sweater around her waste and a pair of long black stockings that came half way up her thighs. Her pubes peeked out from under the sleeves of the sweater that hung loosely down. I noticed that her bush had been neatly trimmed. Her lips were a lovely color, a tangerine lip-gloss had been applied and her hair hung loosely over her soft, white shoulders. Her perky breasts, with erect nipples, and distinct aureola, presented a delectable picture. I wanted to fuck her so much. 

Alberta sat on the sofa with a large dildo gently resting against two shiny, kissable lips. She smiled wickedly at me and I wondered what she had in mind. She was wearing a pair of white tights and she had obviously cut away the crotch, because her black pubic hairs and the pink cunt that I had loved fucking earlier that day, peered out at me. To complete the fashion, she had on a denim shirt, completely open to expose her gorgeous black tits. Colleen, on the other hand, was wearing high heels, stockings and a garter black belt, so that her white, soft, rounded ass was exposed at the back; but her blonde cunt was covered by a maid's apron. Her tits were held in a frilly bra with the centers cut out to show erect pink nipples. The girls had been busy with their outfits; but I knew that Belinda and Alberta were the two who had schemed to present this erotic scene. My cock was bulging in my pants and was near bursting. 

During the time I had to take in this scene, Belinda had taken off her raincoat to expose her outfit. She was dressed immaculately in a long skirt with a blue shirt, unbuttoned slightly at the top. Belinda had done her long hair up and she looked very sophisticated. She smiled and told the girls how important it was to be entertainers and to keep sex varied and interesting for both themselves and the recipient. I hoped that she meant me, when it came to the recipient. But what was more important was the entertainment planned. Belinda and Colleen talked for a few moments and then the stereo was turned on and the slow beat of music softly entered the scene. Belinda sat on a chair and her maid, Colleen, walked over behind her and slowly released her hair and it fell over her shoulders. Erotically, Colleen began to brush it and Belinda closed her eyes. 

Following that Colleen went around and undid the buttons on Belinda's shirt and Belinda turned around to face us. Her tits were held in the tiniest of bikini bras with the cleavage fully exposed. Both Alberta and Jennie clapped to see this. Next Belinda stood up and Colleen kneeled before her and very, very slowly began to unbutton the skirt from the back. Once she had it done she came around front and undid the belt allowing the skirt to fall to the floor. 

Belinda stepped out to show a pair of frilly white panties. Sitting down on the chair, Colleen once again brushed Belinda's hair and then stopped to undo the bra clasp but she didn't pull the bra away - it just hung there on Belinda's breasts. Belinda stood and Colleen kneeled down to pull down her panties, placing a gentle kiss on Belinda's pussy as she did so. Then standing behind Belinda, Colleen took the bra and gently removed it to expose Belinda's firm round tits. At the same time, Colleen reached around and grasped a tit in each hand and pressed down on them caressing each nipple. 

The other two girls could not contain their excitement and I noticed them playing with their moist cunts. Next it was Belinda's turn. She sat Colleen down and reached around to squeeze her exposed nipples, then unclasped the bra and let it fall to the ground. Next, Belinda undid the maid's apron and that exposed Colleen's pussy. Colleen was excited and aroused for her cunt hairs had drops of her juices on them. Belinda kneeled down and licked them off and then stood up and they both kissed longingly and deep. Alberta and Jennie applauded the end of a sensuous, erotic and sex filled act. I began to wonder what they had in mind.

First Alberta came forward and began a very seductive dance in front of me all the time running her tongue over and around the dildo that she carried. Then Jennie reached around Alberta and pulled off the denim shirt to show two perfectly rounded tits.

While Jennie caressed her tits and played with her nipples, Alberta began erotically gyrating and placing the dildo into her cunt. Not all the way but teasingly a few inches and then pulling it out. She then turned to Jennie and offered her mouth the dildo and Jennie placed her tangerine lips over it sucking hungrily at the taste of Alberta. After she was done and the dildo was well juiced, Alberta placed Jennie on her knees and to the rhythm of the music, fitted the strap-on dildo around herself and placed the dildo into Jennie's receptive cunt. Jennie loved the fuck job and played with her clit as the dildo was rammed in and out of her juicy, moist cunt. As Jennie reached orgasm, the show ended to applause and compliments from all of us.

Belinda realized that I had been left out and noticed my raging hard on, so she told the girls that it was time to entertain. Jennie took my hand and she placed herself on the bed and told me to fuck her. She held her cunt up for me and I entered her with ease. Meanwhile, Colleen straddled Jennie's face for some great cunt licking and Belinda lay under Colleen so that she could have her pussy licked and tongued. But where was Alberta? I managed to glance around and I saw her with the strap on dildo placing it at the entrance to my anus. Now she would be the master! 

But the sight in front of me was fantastic. Both Jennie and Colleen were slurping furiously at the cunts and I then began pumping away at Jennie's pussy. Alberta slowly thrust the dildo into my ass and then to my fuck rhythm in Jennie, she began to fuck me and occasionally slapped my ass, as if to say, get a move on. Jennie was right over the edge and was moaning and uttering purring sounds as she ate Colleen and was fucked deeply, fast and hard by me. Belinda was moaning and sighing and obviously enjoying the way Colleen lapped her cunt and Alberta was vigorously fucking me from behind. Me? I was feeling no pain and I quickly shot my load into Jennie's tight soft, cunt. 

Afterwards, we just lay there, exhausted; but delighting in the whole sexy action. After the usual clean up. Belinda and I walked back and even had the energy to have one of the best fucks of our marriage before falling asleep, and wondering what tomorrow would bring...

to be continued...