 It all started on a six-day field trip, in late spring, to study the geology of the Pre-Cambrian rocks in a unique forested region. It was a beautiful spot and our camp came complete with cottages and full facilities, including inviting fireplaces. I was one of the two instructors looking after 12 students in their final year of school. My colleague, and wife, was along as a chaperone because there were three young ladies in the group. Belinda, my better half, was a beautiful lady, admired by the students, especially the girls, for they saw her as a role model. Belinda had shiny black medium long hair, bright brown eyes, full lips and a figure that would set anyone's heart on fire, as well as bringing a swelling to any man's cock. We're both the same age, and enjoy sex to its fullest, and being in the wilds would, no doubt, be good for our uninhibited sexual play. 

This brings me to the female students. All three were stunning in their different ways. Alberta was originally from the Virgin Islands and her ebony skin gave her a sultry appearance. She was quite slim of build but her tits and her ass were eye-poppers. Even in the loose clothing worn on the field trip there was no denying her ample breasts and her solid rounded bottom could not be missed. If that wasn't enough, she had beautiful eyes and lips that would look erotic on any cock. Colleen was the blonde in the group and I'd seen her when she competed at swimming for the school. On that day she wore the tightest of suits so that one needed little imagination to know what she had a underneath. She was a strong, fit, athletic type with solid tits, long sleek legs; you know the one's that lead up to a perfect pair of cunt lips. Of course her ass was also well developed after all of that swimming. Jennie, the third girl in the group was the shortest and the plumpest of the three; but nevertheless she was also a very sexy young lady. Her eyes sparkled and I instinctively knew that she would last a long time fucking. 

It was the first night and we'd told the girls to check in with us in the main cabin at eleven o'clock, before going to bed. They did that and then I made sure that all the boys were firmly housed and told them to get to sleep. That took about a half hour and then I got back to Belinda and suggested that we'd better check on the girls, just to be safe. We didn't talk as we walked along the dark pathway to the girls cabin. The cabins have an entranceway, a main room and two bedrooms. We had a pass-key and entered the cabin quietly in case they were asleep; but we could her moaning coming from inside. I motioned to Belinda to be extra quiet and we both crept forward. The door to one of the bedrooms was ajar and we were startled and excited by what we saw. Alberta and Colleen had Jennie spread-eagled on the bed and they were obviously enjoying eating her cunt and sucking her tits. Jennie was moaning and pleading for Alberta to stick her tongue in farther. Colleen, meanwhile, was playing with Alberta's clit and a really steamy sex scene was evolving. Just then a noise must have interrupted them, for Jennie opened her eyes and saw us peeking through the open door; and she let out a gasp and jumped up. The other two tried to cover up and were obviously embarrassed by this unwanted intrusion.

"Oh, please Sir, please don't report us," said Alberta, almost in tears.

"We weren't doing any harm," stated Jennie, "don't tell my parents, I implore you"

"We'll do anything if you keep quiet about this, won't we girls?" asked Colleen.

There were nods all round.

"Anything, you'll do anything?" asked Belinda, noticing the bulge in my pants.

"Oh, yes Miss, we'll be cooperative, honest," replied Jennie, speaking for all three.

"Well," remarked Belinda, "you need to learn a lot about sex don't you?"

"Yes Miss," from all three.

"Then let's get started. You must learn to give a good blow job. You know what that is don't you?'

"Well sort of, Miss."

Calling Alberta over she told her to kneel down in front of me. Of course, I knew what was about to happen and could hardly contain my joy. Then she told Alberta to unzip me and to take my cock out. She did so and exposed my eight inch, thick, erect cock to the other girls. They gave little gasps as they saw it. Belinda then commanded Alberta to suck it; but she was a little clumsy about it, so Belinda showed her how to lick from the balls, slowly up the underside of the shaft and then to tease the head. Alberta was a quick learner and she had my cock jumping with her tonguing. Then Belinda brought the other two over and let them lick my huge cock.

"Now for the next lesson," said Belinda

At this point she told them to get where they could see her and she slowly engulfed my cock with her mouth and began sucking on it. Each of them gave it a try and it was so sensuous and erotic to be sucked off by four different mouths. They stopped before I came; Belinda knew exactly how to treat me. 

The next lesson was the climax for the night. Belinda asked them if they'd ever been fucked by a man's cock. They admitted that they had been fucked once or twice but only by a small cock. Colleen, already nude was told to lie on the bed where Belinda played with her clit and made sure that she was all juiced up. The other girls were by now playing with their own pussies as they were really turned on by all of this sex. Belinda nodded to me and I approached Colleen with my cock straight out. I bent over her, teased her opening with my cock, rubbing it across her juicy slit and then slowly plunged it into her tight, barely used, pink, beautiful cunt. She moaned and groaned as I slowly moved it inside her and then she appealed for me to fuck her hard.

"Fuck me Sir, fuck me hard," she yelled.

I drove into her and she bucked against me as my cock slid in and out enjoying the feeling of her tightness, warmth and wetness. It did not take long for me to come with a huge amount of jism and Colleen came at the same time, moaning and groaning with pleasure. I withdrew my still hard moist cock. Belinda told the girls that there was one thing more to learn tonight. Clean-up was important after sex. She told Alberta to clean me off with her mouth. By this time Alberta needed no second invitation and she hungrily grabbed my cock and started licking off all the juices. Meanwhile, Jennie was given the pleasant task of eating Colleen's cunt and tasting my cum. For good measure, Belinda made sure that Jennie's cunt was clean by getting a taste of her sweet, young pussy. When everyone was satisfied that there was no more to do, Belinda asked if they had enjoyed their lessons in sex. All three said they were overjoyed and thanked us for helping them and not telling about the earlier incident. Belinda promised them that there would be more lessons to come, if they wanted to be completely knowledgeable about sex. All three smiled and said they would look forward to tomorrow night. Belinda and I returned to our cabin and had one of the best fucks of our life.

...to be continued.