 I had no idea until recently that Bill and I are both submissives. Our marriage has been very strong and we love each other very much. Like most marriages, I suppose, it started with almost insatiable sex and after awhile it became simply great sex. Slowly, during the next few years, as our sex life lessened in intensity, it became somewhat predictable. Until early last week.

I was still young, had no children, and I was getting very bored with the stay home wife routine, so last Tuesday afternoon I decided to get out of the house for a couple of hours and catch a matinee movie at a local cineplex. When I arrived shortly before 2 o'clock, there were only two movies that would have started soon and one of them was a kid's animation. So, I chose to take in "Fifty Shades of Grey". Of course, I had heard that the story was sexy, but I haven't read the book, didn't know quite what to expect, and certainly didn't leave the house with an intention to watch this particular movie.

Being a shy and fairly innocent wife, I picked a seat along the back wall of the cinema where the row had the fewest occupants and I could have the most privacy. Only one older, rather plain looking gentleman was seated there in the middle, so I sat between him and the aisle. When the movie finally started, I was surprised to find it soon drew me into the plot and I was enjoying myself immensely. So much so, in fact, that I barely noticed the old man leaving his seat. When he came back, though, I definitely noticed that he sat down only two seats away from me. Oh well, as shy as I am, he didn't seem threatening, and as we watched the movie together, I even started to feel more like he was an escort than a stranger.

The movie's plot, however, started making me extremely horny and by the time the movie was nearly over, my pussy was running with juices that soaked through my panties. I started fidgeting in my seat trying to calm down. Soon I realized that my squirming was making matters worse and my juices were starting to puddle on my seat. When I looked over at my film buddy, I was shocked to see him rubbing his crotch openly while staring at my body in the dim light. Being shy, I normally would have jumped up immediately and ran out of the theater, disgusted with his lewd public behavior. But that reaction was assuaged by the shame of leaving behind a puddle of pussy juice if I fled the theater. The dilemma temporarily froze me in my seat as I was trying to figure out a safe plan of escape.

A few moments later, it dawned on me that I was still staring at his crotch, but by then it was too late. I guess he had assumed that I was enjoying his show, so he quickly unzipped his pants and pulled out a very large cock and started to openly jack it off. His crude show exacerbated both my embarrassment and my horniness. Now I was truly paralyzed in my seat. These conflicting emotions soon started to merge inside me into an intense wave of lust.

I am sure his lust didn't care if I was frozen by conflict, or if I was just a shameless slut. I, however, sensed that he did indeed know my true emotional state, since he didn't move closer or try to touch me. I assumed that, at the very least, he understood the consequences of pushing my embarrassment too far.

Glancing around and noticing that his debauchery was not attracting any attention from the others sitting in front of us, I felt slightly more at ease and gradually I was even emboldened enough to turn towards him, raise my skirt to show him my panties as well as the gathering puddle of juice that was I was increasingly leaking. Inflamed by my brazen display to him, I jammed my hand down inside my panties and shoved several fingers into my fuck hole and started to masturbate furiously. After a few minutes, the fear of sudden discovery aggravated my sexual frenzy to the point of orgasm.

As my moans and whimpers grew increasingly audible, I noticed a woman in the row in front of me sneaking peeks over her shoulder. I started to shake and intentionally let the squishy sounds that my hand was making grow in volume. My other comrade in perversion started to shoot his load all over the back of the seat in front of him. Seeing the huge amount of his slime splattering all around, my pussy exploded into orgasmic spasms while I uncontrollably screamed out my pleasure at the top of my lungs.

As everyone in the theater turned around to look at who had screamed out so loudly, I was able to jerk my hand out of my panties while pushing my skirt down just in time to not be exposed to most of them. Fortunately, while everyone was focused on me, my partner two seats away, while still oozing dribbles of cum, was able to push his hard cock back down into his pants. I was amazed with his athletic feat, but hey, the fear of arrest is a pretty good motivator.

My embarrassment meter was immediately pegged out. I managed to mumble out a loudly whispered "sorry", and most people soon refocused on the movie. The heat of my crimson faced added to the warm glow radiating out of my pussy and I felt an intense satisfaction that was beyond anything in my experience. Once again, two of my conflicting emotions were heightening each other, and I knew right then that I was now an addict to this new version of embarrassing lust.

Luckily, I had a small pack of tissues in my purse and I gave the stranger a few to clean up his mess, while I mopped up the slimy juices now covering my leathered seat. When I finished, I rushed right out of theater in order to avoid being seen by anyone that I might happen to know. My cohort caught up with me just outside of the theater. I couldn't help but to nervously laugh out loud, while apologizing for attracting the attention that could have gotten us in trouble.

"No worries, you obviously wanted to enhance your orgasm with danger." he said. "I would be happy to help you do that again, in any way that would increase your pleasure. I am a widower, and because of our age difference there wouldn't be any emotional strings attached other than lust, and maybe the occasional violation of a taboo."

I replied very emphatically, "I have never done such a thing before in my life. I am a very happily married woman and I can never cheat on my husband, or even lie to him. I'll admit that I was very excited and found great pleasure in our little game just now, but I would never intentionally hurt my husband, especially by breaking our marriage vows. I love him dearly, so my answer is- absolutely not."

He then said, "I hope you don't think that your marriage vows were broken today. After all, there usually aren't prohibitions against sexually pleasing yourself. You simply got aroused by an explicit movie, then orgasmed to an unrequested sexual display. Your propriety may have been bruised, but your vows certainly weren't violated. Tell you what, there remains the possibility that you might entice your husband to join you in your new found excitement. Why don't you talk very, very dirty to him tonight, and if you find out that he may be enticed, meet me here tomorrow at the same time and I'll help you with your efforts. I promise we will not violate any marriage vows until and unless your husband joins you."

I grew very furious listening to this stranger's sales pitch for sex, so I angrily shouted at him, "I told you I was happily married. There's no way in hell I will meet you tomorrow. I hope I never lay eyes on you, again. So fuck off, pervert!"

As I was rushing off to head home, he shouted a demand after me, "Be here at 2 o'clock, sharp!"

Unfortunately, my anger towards the stranger erased any of my lingering sexual excitement. But my ire eventually faded by the time I returned home to my boring routines. As I was plodding through my household chores, the memories of that strangers copious cum show began to re-inflame my arousal. Remembering the sex scenes in the movie didn't help at all, either. By the time Bill got home from work, I was almost as excited as I was at the theater. I forced myself to stay calm, at least until after dinner, but by then I could no longer control my lust. I said, "Honey, I played with myself today and now I am so horny that I can't go another minute without sex. Please let me suck you, and then I want you to soak my face... please?"

He replied, "What got you so excited, Mary? You haven't acted like this since we were first married."

"Well to be honest with you, I went to the cineplex this afternoon and saw the movie, 'Fifty Shades of Grey'. I didn't even know that it was playing there, I simply stumbled into it. I have heard that it was stimulating, but my lord, it got me so excited that I eventually masturbated and came so hard that I flooded my seat with cunt juice and I screamed out in orgasm."

Bill replied, "Damn, Mary, I've never heard you say 'cunt' before, you must be really excited. Did anyone see you orgasm?"

"Only one person that I know for sure. He was a creepy old guy who watched me the whole time. I don't know who he was, so I doubt that he knows who I am. I was so embarrassed that I quickly left the theater so that no one else would see me after the movie."

Bill seemed very interested in the old stranger and asked me, "Why would you let some stranger watch you masturbate? Did he grab you or try to touch you?"

Then I said, "At first I didn't notice him watching me, and by the time I realized that he was staring, I was too excited to stop, just like I am now. And no, he absolutely did not touch me at all. Can I suck your big cock now, to make you shoot your sticky cream all over my face and make me feel humiliated like a filthy slut? Please, I am begging you, treat me like a cum rag and degrade me. I'll return the favor, if you want." 

Bill responded, "Wow. I don't know what has gotten into you, Mary, but it's making me hot thinking about your orgasm in public, even with some old stranger watching you. Sure, I'll treat you like a cum hungry slut, only if you promise to let me watch you masturbate for a stranger sometime. And I would also love to have you degrade me and make me submit to your lust, anytime. But first, take off your blouse and drop your skirt... Good. Now the bra, and give me your panties... Good girl." While sucking on my very juicy panties, he commanded me to get on my knees and beg for his cock.

I knelt and pleaded with him, "Please fuck my face with your huge prick until I gag on it. Choke me with that big schlong until I vomit. Then please use my face as a cum dump and squirt your load on my lips, up my nose, and in my hair. And when you are done shooting your load, tie me naked to the top of the kitchen table, go to the bar, and bring back as many nasty strangers as you can find to rape me anyway they want. I want cocks fucking all my holes. Please, please, PLEASE?"

My loving husband became so enraged and excited at my slutty tirade, that he did exactly what I asked. He finally shot his wad all over my face and hair, and some even went up my nose. But as he started coming down from his orgasm, he stoutly refused to go out and find men to fuck me. Of course, I didn't expect (or want) him to, but it gave me the opportunity to pretend to get angry and to take over the reins in order to reward him with the degradation that he so deservedly earned.

I screamed at him, "If you don't want to make me your whore, I am going to make you my cunt bitch. Do you want me to go out and find some nasty homeless guys to bring home, make you suck their smelly dicks, and then fuck you up the ass? Just say no if you really want me to." That question thoroughly confused him for awhile, until he ashamedly nodded his head yes. "So you really do want me to tie you up and have nasty guys rape you?"

He pleaded with me, "No, please, you tricked me. I didn't know how to answer your question. I am not gay, and don't want any guys to rape me. Please, I will do anything else you want. Please?"

I grinned to myself and responded, "Okay, you win. I will just tie you up, go out, and bring you a couple loads of cum in me for you to eat. Now take off all your clothes and I will tie you to the top of the kitchen table, cum eater." Not only did he rip off all of his clothes and jump face up on the table, but he was already sporting another boner. I guess he actually wanted me to cheat on him and eat man goo. I was stunned. I had no idea he was bisexual.

I grabbed a couple pair of used pantyhose and quickly but firmly tied his wrists and ankles to the table legs. Then I put my skirt and blouse back on without underwear and left him and his hard prick alone in the house.

The minute I stepped outside, I scooped up all of the cum that he had just sprayed on my face with three fingers, and then shoved them up inside my pussy. It wasn't very difficult, considering my unbelieveable state of arousal. I wiped his cum on the walls of my cunt, and succeeded in leaving much of it inside me. The rest I sucked off my fingers and held in my mouth. Then I just sat in my car slowly rubbing my nub for what seemed like forever, before I burst back into our house and triumphantly announced how easy it was to get some kids at the near-by Seven-Eleven to go behind the building and give me their cum. I noticed that his cock was still hard and it seemed to get even harder when I sternly demanded that he open his mouth. He seemed very eager to please, so I spit his own cum back into his mouth.

Then I said to him, "That's a present from the fat kid. Your real treat is from the tall kid who left his load deep inside my fuck chute." When I managed to get up on the table and squat down over his mouth, I said, "Now eat his nasty sperm. I want your entire tongue up my married fuck hole where I just let some stranger shoot his jizz."

I knew that there wasn't a huge gob of cum in me, but the amount of pussy juice I was leaking disguised any deficit of cum. He totally believed my lame story and started sucking me like a crazed pervert. I was so worked up that I started to climax almost as soon as he touched me with his tongue. He was in such a state of frenzy, though, that he continued sucking me until I was totally drained of juice. I was climaxing so frequently the whole time, that it felt like one continuous wave of pleasure, crowned with peaks of ecstasy. 

I was amazed by his quick and greedy acceptance of his degradation. I guess he discovered that he also likes the combination of humiliation and sex, as I had that afternoon. When I saw that his dick was throbbing and was larger than I had ever seen it before, I untied him from the table and told him to jump on top of our bed without touching himself.

I climbed on the bed with him, and said, "Now, don't cheat and touch your prick until I finish telling you my story. When I left the theater this afternoon, that crazy old pervert that watched me, caught up with me in the cineplex parking lot. He started to introduce himself, but I wanted to remain strangers, so I cut him off. When I told him I loved his huge cock and the amount of cum that he could shoot, he almost dragged me to Yost Park, next door."

Bill blurted out, "Hey, how did you know about his cock and cum?"

"Well fuck me with a doggy dick, I forgot to tell you that he was jerking off with me in the theater, and we both came at the same time. But shut up, cum breath, and where was I? Oh yeah, he had found a corner in the park bushes that wasn't entirely hidden from the public, but nobody was in view at the time. He wanted me to suck his cock, but I refused because I was afraid of being seen. He simply didn't care what I thought, pushed me down and forced me to kneel on the damp grass. Then he pulled out his huge cock and forced me to do the exact same things that I begged you to do to me tonight. I was was really thinking of his gnarly prick when I was gagging on yours. When he finished with me, he walked me back to my car with my face covered in his cum. He demanded that I show up tomorrow at the theater so that he could further debase me and finally fuck my slut-hole. Do you want me to go tomorrow, honey? Would you mind very much if I let him force his nasty cock up inside my married treasure box?"

Bill was almost ready to blow another huge load, when he replied, "Fuck yes, I want my slutty bride to fuck the nastiest, dirtiest, creepiest perverts that you can find. I want you to come home used, and completely full of disgusting cum in all of your holes. I promise that I will clean you up entirely with my tongue."

I inquired, "Even if it is dripping out of my virgin asshole? You know that I love you, but when I get aroused and shamed, I will let anyone do anything that they want to me. I want to be good, but the image in my mind of you eating out my butthole and sucking some strangers cum from it, might cause me to beg them to fuck my virgin ass. Are you sure?"

My sweet husband then said, "Mary, I want you to be my whore, and then make me your your cum licker. And if you let me fuck you right now, I'll suck my own cum back out of your pussy."

I told him, "Okay, honey, slide your prick into me and think about all the nasty things I have done today. And then when you are licking my fuck chute, I want you to imagine that stranger's cock ramming your wife's honey hole behind the 7-11. Oh, yes, yes... my, you came quick. Now sweetie, get down and suck all that cum from your whore's nasty mess of a cunt."

After I came several more times from Bill's enthusiastic efforts, I pushed him away and starting laughing. When he asked me what was so funny, I told him "I made it all up. It was just a fantasy to shame you, like you asked me to. It was only your own cum that you ate. The sex behind the 7-11 story was bullshit, as well as the story about me giving the dirty old man a blowjob. The only true part is the masturbation in the theater today, while we watched each other. In fact, when he tried to proposition me afterwards, I told him to fuck off. But you were certainly willing to go along with the whole slut wife thing. I can't believe you are willing to clean me up after others have used me."

With a somewhat sheepish look, he defended himself by saying, "But if you recall, my sweet munchkin, I did refuse to bring you men to fuck. Only when you completely deceived me into thinking that you had already had sex with strangers did I fall for your illusions. I certainly won't be so easily fooled now that I know about your talented trickery."

"Why thanks for the compliment, my dear." You won't mind then, if I go back to that theater and fuck that old man?"

"Not if you bring me back proof that you actually had sex with him. I just ate up the last of my own cum, so if I come home to a custard-filled wife tomorrow, I will know that you are either an eclair or a slut. I don't want to debase myself by eating men's cum, unless I know that you also debased yourself in bringing it to me."

I said, "No problem, sweetheart. Just bring your appetite for creampie home with you from work tomorrow."

We snuggled for awhile before drifting off to sleep with our sexual appetites completely sated. 

Bill woke up just after me, yawned, and said, "Good morning, honey."

"Morning, sweetheart." I replied.

He reached around me from behind before I could get up and rolled both of my nipples between his fingers and gently pulled on them, while telling me, "That was really wild last night. I still can't believe what a slut you turned into."

"Well, darling, just remember that it was almost all fantasy, and you turned into a very kinky maniac yourself. You were more than willing to eat what you thought was a stranger's cum out of me. I had no idea that you were bisexual."

"But I am not..., not at all. In fact, even thinking about sex with another guy is totally disgusting to me. You had me so excited when you tricked me into thinking that you were a wanton slut, that I ate cum from you for the thrill of humiliation, not because I am attracted to men. In fact, the opposite is true. I simply was wallowing in my own degradation, which became an unbelievable sexual frenzy because of my disgust at what I was doing."
