 I woke up before Bill the following morning with what felt like a huge woodie. Of course it was only in my imagination, but what I wouldn't give, to have both a pussy and a cock. Frank's strap on had awakened my inner man. As my mind drifted from fucking a pussy, to double-ended dildos, to raping my sleeping husband... my reverie was shattered by the distant ring of our doorbell.

Jim! That fuckhead! Shit, now he won't ever leave us alone. I began to calm down, though, as I started to incubate a plan. Tossing on a sheer negligee robe, I went to confront the persistent prick. As I reached our front door, a jolt of embarrassment washed through me at the idea that anyone could be standing outside. Jehovah Witnesses, the newspaper boy, or even the police. The naughty shame of it, though, spurred me on and instantly made me very wet. So wet, in fact, that I could already feel my juices running down my legs.

I hesitated a minute to enjoy the full thrill of exposing my nakedness and arousal to total strangers, and I almost came as I flung the door wide open. A feeling of relief, followed by a bit of disappointment, settled into me when I stared at Jim's huge cheshire grin. He chortled, "Hey, neighbor, I came over to loan you a cup of my cream, I thought you just might be running out. I can see now that it is running out of you, instead."

I jerked him into the house, as I said, "Get in here, you idiot. I wouldn't fuck you if my life depended on it. In fact, it could well depend on not fucking you. I have no idea how many nasty pussies and assholes you have fucked, and how many diseases you carry now."

Taken aback a little by my dismissive tone, he responded, "But last night... I thought you wanted me to... "

The chat was going well, I thought. He was temporarily speechless. Now is the moment to push him entirely away, or bend him to my will. "Shit for brains, didn't you notice last night that Bill is bisexual? I am bisexual also, and we only fuck other bisexuals who have regular medical checkups and produce the paperwork to prove it. Last night we were simply using you like a toy. If you want to really join our game, you will have to prove yourself."

"What would I have to do?", he asked with an almost pleading tone.

"Last night, I saw you lick the outside of the window where I had smeared Bill's cum on the inside. That convinced me you are bisexual. If you admit that truth to yourself, after getting a checkup, I will let you do anything you want to me, as long as you are willing to do the same with other men."

Jim's confidence was thoroughly shaken, but with his lust unabated, he pleaded, "Okay, okay, just tell me what to do. I really enjoyed last night. I am so horny right now, I could explode. Please, please give me relief and tell me what you want me to do." 

"No worries, you horny slut.", I said, laying down on the cool entrance slate on my back, my thin robe hardly making it any more comfortable. "To start off, all you have to do is eat your own cum." I raised up and got on my elbows while spreading my legs, giving him the same view of me as the previous night, albeit much closer. He dropped his pants, grabbed his hard dick, and pumped it a few times to make it even stiffer. When he knelt down and started scooting towards me, I waited until he was about a foot away from my feet, and then yelled at him, "Are you retarded, swizzle dick? What did I just fully explain to you?"

He froze immediately, and meekly pleaded for my forgiveness. What a putz, I thought, as I was sliding my entire fist into myself. I instructed him, "Jack off for me, and shoot your cum all over my body. What goo doesn't land on me, you will have to lick off the floor. And you can't come any closer to me than you are right now." The loud squishing noises coming from my hand plunging in and out of my cunt were affecting us both, and it only took a minute before he began spurting huge ropes of cum towards me. 

I had to give the scumball credit for his ability to shoot quite a distance with a sustained barrage of slime. At first, all of his cum landed on me. However, as I hoped for, when the force of his spurts started to wane, he left several long ropes of his cum on the dirty entrance slate. I then slid my hand out of myself and let a puddle of my cunt juices ooze onto the floor. As I was standing up, I admonished him, "Now bend down and lick up all my juice and your jizz or never come back here again." When he hesitated, I chided him, "Now, faggot, eat or run."

As I suspected, any bisexual fantasies that Jim may have been entertaining left him shortly after his cum, and with a smirk, he asked me, "So I suppose a blowjob is out of the question?" I was actually relieved by his arrogance, since I considered us fortunate to have this creep out of our sex lives, forever.

"Ha, ha, very funny, what schoolground did your hear that old joke in? If you ever approach me for sex again, I will have Bill beat the crap out of you, then we will file for a restraining order on the grounds that you won't stop approaching me, and I think the neighborhood would confirm our allegations, don't you, dickwad? I have already recorded on my cellphone some of the filthy propositions that you have made towards many women in this neighborhood." Of course, at that point, I didn't really have any recordings of him, but he couldn't be certain. 

There wasn't any smirking as he slithered out the door, and hopefully out of our fantasies, forever. Bill isn't bigger than Jim, but he is a little younger, more fit, and has territory to defend. I am pretty sure I had convinced Jim that we weren't worth the trouble. With that happy thought, I dropped my robe to keep from soaking up Jim's jizz, and bounced back into the bedroom to give Bill his present.

"Honey," I whispered in Bill's ear as I quickly laid face up on the bed, "please wake up. I have been a naughty slut for you." I gently shook Bill. "I let a strange man cum all over my body in front of everyone in the neighborhood. Then I told them that I was going home because my darling husband had begged me to bring some stranger's cum to lick off my body. I hope you are proud of me doing such a nasty thing for you. Please, please suck up all the shame on my body with your faggot mouth.

Bill was not stupid enough to believe my story, but he was excited enough to thoroughly clean up every drop of cum on me, not knowing for sure whose it was. As soon as he was finished, though, I told him the truth about getting rid of Jim, and he laughed mightily throughout my entire story, adding, "I will gladly kick that creep's balls off, if he continues to harass you."

Then I asked Bill to take a sick day at work and come to Frank's house with me. He replied with a query, "Are you going to force me to be butt-fucked by Frank?" When I said I most certainly would, he immediately picked up the phone and called his company. Did I mention that I love my husband?

When Bill admitted that he was a little scared of what we were about to do, I tried to assuage his feelings, by saying, "I know that when you see me being ravaged by Frank's monster cock, you will get so excited that you will be begging him to treat you like a woman, also." At that, Bill was raring to go, but I decided to humiliate Bill a bit more. So I said, "But first, I have another treat for you. Follow me." I led Bill to our entrance and instructed him to lick the slate tiles clean of the mess that Jim and I had left on the floor.

Bill whined, "But it looks horrible, it's all cold and half dry. And there's dirt on the floor."

I replied, "I told you we were going to have fun, not that it was always going to be easy. Just forget your revulsion for a second, and allow your enthusiasm to grab hold. Then let your repugnance return in spades to amplify your shame and excitement. Go ahead, honey, I know you will thank me."

Only half convinced, he managed to bend down and start licking up the filthy mess. As predicted, his revulsion had an enormous influence on his sexual excitement. His zeal was contagious, and I started fantasising about how I could exploit my worst revulsions. But I had to stop Bill, when I noticed that he continued after all the cold, horrible slime was gone. And he did thank me, after kissing me and pushing a bit of the gritty mess into my mouth. Hmmm, I noticed that the texture was far more unpleasant than any sticky goo by itself.

I gave him a pair of my silkiest panties to wear. We then jumped into some loose fitting, easy to shed clothes and ran to my car. I drove, since I knew how to get to Frank's house, but I had one detour to make before then. I stopped at a downtown lingerie shop. No, not Victoria's, it was called, Intimacy, and they specialize in bra fittings. As I led Bill inside, I noticed a promotional slogan in the window. We soon had a store clerk's attention, and I quoted their slogan, quietly announcing to the young woman, "My husband, here, came in for a new bra, and wants to leave like a new woman." 

They both started blushing at each other, while trying to avert their eyes, and my impulse was to wrap up the young beauty, and carry her off to Frank's house. But, alas, reality returned, when she answered, "I am terribly sorry, ma'am, but I couldn't possibly fit a man for a bra, that would be indecent, and possibly illegal." 

I calmly asked her in a low voice, "Are you telling me that a man's bare chest is indecent? Not to mention the illegality of sexually discriminating against my husband?"

As the consequences of my threat seeped into her consciousness, she glanced around the room to see where her co-worker was, then winked and said in a very clear voice, "Certainly, ma'am, I would be happy to fit you for a new bra, and yes, your husband can help you pick the color and style."

After Bill and I were escorted into one of the two fitting rooms, the girl locked the door behind us. She told us her name was Marilyn, had already lost much of her look of trepidation, and I even saw a glint of excitement in her eyes. Bill and I both threw off our shirts, and sat there naked from the waist up, and I told her, "Relax, Marilyn, I want you to fit me as well. I know how expensive these bras are, and we want to reward you with a large commission. In fact, if you would let us fit you, I will pay for a bra for you, too. You would then have a nice bra, another commission, and any employee discount for you to keep, as well." I don't know how she was with math, but her eyelids were blinking like a calculator as she slowly unbuttoned her blouse.

By the time her bra hit the floor, Bill and I were each suckling her huge nipples with loud sloppy suction noises. We had to use both our hands to encircle each of her massive boobs, as she writhed in her chair. When I reached up her skirt, I found her almost as wet as I was. I pulled my mouth off of her nipple, and told her, "Oh my goodness, Marilyn, you are a perfect fit.", and pushed her back into her chair, pulling off her skirt and panties. When I clamped my mouth over her pussy, and started to suck madly, she arched further back and opened her mouth in astonishment. My loving husband saw an opportunity to measure her mouth with his rock hard ruler. He found it immeasurably deep. But he was very persistent and kept trying as hard as he could to find the end of her throat.

When Bill finally gave up and pulled his dipstick back up into her mouth, he rewarded her with a mouthful of cum. I could tell, even in my position, that Marilyn was perplexed about what to do with her gift, so I released my suction on her cunt, squeezed her nipples, and whispered in her ear, "You don't have to swallow his cum, my dear. When you start your orgasm, my cumslut husband will suck every drop of his cum out of your mouth."

When she sighed in relief, I resumed my mania on her cunt, and less than a minute later, she shuddered in complete orgasm and started to flood my mouth with her juice. At that moment, Bill did exactly what I told her he would do, and we greedily sucked sticky liquid out of our convulsing girl from both ends. She finally collapsed into a spent pile on the floor.

By the time she recovered enough to get dressed, Bill and I had every stitch of our clothing off and were standing there, waiting to be measured. She measured Bill first, with only an occasional lick on his limp dick, and sucked it completely into her mouth only once to clean it off. It took somewhat longer to measure me, since juice was still dribbling out of my pussy for lack of completion, so she had to suck much longer on my cunt to clean me up. By the time she realized that she was losing the battle to stem my flow of cunt juice, she simply jammed three fingers up my twat and sucked really hard on my clit, causing me to finally cum and drench her face in my juice.

After she cleaned herself off as best she could with a towel, we told her to pick out three sets of bras and panties for all of us, that matched each other in color and style. She gathered up three gorgeous (and very expensive) sets of frilly yellow satin bras and panties, which Bill and I immediately put on. They fit us perfectly, just like her body had fit us. I ran my credit card separately for her set, so she could take her employee discount, and loudly told her to think of us whenever she wore her set. Despite blushing deeply, she replied in an equally loud voice that she would be wet every moment that she had them on. Damn, she sure knew how to service customers, and we knew where she worked.

I pulled my car up to Frank's house, parked directly in front, and asked my husband, "How are you doing, honey?"

"Well, to tell you the truth, I can't quite wrap my head around getting aroused by some ugly old guy. That image just puts me off my game. I just can't see myself having sex with a guy."

"Oh, darling," I said as I slid my hand inside Bill's panties and stroked him gently, "you aren't going to have sex with a guy. You must be just a little confused. He is the one who is going to have sex with you. He is going to treat you like the young, beautiful woman that you allow yourself to become. You will be a receptacle for his cum."

"You must think like a woman and imagine your own beauty. To an old gnarly guy, you will be the youth and femininity that he craves. You will experience yourself as a woman does when she is being used. And you will also know at the same time what he feels, as he is depositing his seed into you. You won't be losing your manhood, you will be fully completing yourself."

As I stopped stroking Bill's stiffy, I wasn't sure if my pep talk had any effect. He still may have just wanted to see me get fucked, but in any case, we strode quickly up to Frank's door and knocked loudly.