 Since Bill had just came to understand his true bisexuality, I told him to go sit on the couch while I grabbed a pair of my sexiest satin panties from the bedroom. When I returned, I threw them in his face and growled, "Put your girly panties on, cum whore." I opened the living room curtains fully and then stood next to our end table lamp. Standing sideways to our front window, I said in a low voice, "Get down on your knees in front of me, man-girl, and beg me for my cum." When he complied, I bent over, and whispered, "I want the whole world to see you in panties, with my big cock halfway down your throat. Can you imagine what a cock-sucking faggot you will look like to everyone that passes by?" 

I knew that it was becoming twilight outside, so no one would have any reason to peer into our dimly lit living room. I didn't know if that thought had occurred to Bill (I hoped not), but in any case, he was still on the verge of cumming. He dropped to his knees, lunged for my strap on, and sucked furiously, so I immediately rammed all of it down his throat. I had forgotten that his mouth was almost virgin, until he started gagging and puking on the fake dong. That gave me such a feeling of control that it drove my lust closer to my long postponed climax.

I wanted to keep mouth fucking him until I could experience what it felt like to completely violate an unwilling victim, but of course, I did not want to destroy the trust of the man that I loved more than anything else in this world, much less accidentally drown him with his own vomit. And, in truth, I couldn't even go that far with someone I detested, but that also didn't mean that I wasn't curious about it.

At any rate, I pulled the dildo out of his mouth as fast as I could, and asked him if he was okay. Fortunately, he managed to squeak out between gasps and retches that he was almost there, and begged me to keeping fucking his mouth. My relief was amplified by the realization that Bill wouldn't endure that much discomfort and even life threatening danger unless he truly wanted to be a cock slave.

Just then I spotted our neighbor Jim walking his dog past our window. Jim is the biggest whoremonger in town. Every time I have ever talked him, he has made a pass at me, and it is neither subtle, nor does he give a flip whether Bill is there or not to overhear his lewd suggestions. He even does it standing next to his wife, who simply gets embarrassed, while turning her red face towards the ground. Bill, of course, would like me to take Jim up on his offers, but I can't figure out why Jim hasn't been throttled by other angry husbands. Maybe our neighborhood only has cuckolded husbands and wannabes, or maybe Jim is simply very skilled at sensing whose husband wouldn't challenge him.

I really didn't care, I just wanted to give Bill the best orgasm of his life, so I demanded that he not touch his cock and began fucking his face again, but very, very slowly this time, just trying to keep him ready to explode. A few minutes later, Jim returned with his dog, and I switched on our table lamp to its brightest setting, grasped Bill's hair, and started jabbing deeper into his mouth. Jim of course, stopped in his tracks, then quickly walked across our lawn and stood right up against the middle of our front window, and dropped his pants while gawking at us. The fucking pervert, I knew he was a horn-dog. The street view of Jim from the waist down was shielded by our shrubbery, and I dimmed the table lamp to avoid any additional attention from that direction. Jim, of course, immediately spit in his hand and flailed away at his center of being.

I leaned down and whispered, "Honey, our neighbor Jim is watching me fuck your mouth with Frank's cock while you are wearing panties. He's right outside our window jacking off for me. You said you wanted to see me masturbate for a man, and I can't right now with this harness on, so why don't you jack off for him to watch instead? It'll almost be the same."

Bill panicked for a moment when he turned his head far enough to confirm what I had just told him, but I kept a firm grasp on his hair in case he tried to back out. Nope, Bill was in such a state of excitement that his apprehension entirely vanished, and he pulled his man-clitty out of his panties and launched into a furious hand job on himself.

I released my hold on Bill's hair and squirted a shot of cum into his mouth. That did it for Bill, he started to spurt wildly all over the place, so I pulled the dildo out of his mouth and drenched his face with Frank's cum while he continued to shoot from his own cock. Jim couldn't stand it any longer, either, shot his first spurt four feet up our window pane, and then spread each following spurt all over the glass. Now I was the one who couldn't stand it any longer; so I tried to get my harness off, and in my frustrated rush, I couldn't get the buckles undone.

As embarrassing as it was, and partly because of the shame, I wrenched the dildo out of the harness, then laid down on the floor on my back with my feet pointing towards Jim. Since I noticed that he had finished cumming, but was still patiently waiting to see what I was up to, I calmed down a bit and sat up on my elbows, so I could comfortably watch Jim through the cumstained glass, while I slowly spread my legs for him.

After squirting the last bit of Frank's cum onto my asshole, I pressed the dildo against it. Still being a virgin there, and not having quite enough lube on it, caused me to have to pull on it with both hands in order to pop its head into me. I was so fucking horny at that point, though, that I could have cared less how painful it was. My efforts certainly seemed to have immediately increased the pleasure of all three of us.

I told Bill to get on his hands and knees next to me with his ass pointed towards Jim. I noticed that Jim had already started to beat off again, so I told Bill to pull down his panties and fuck himself with a finger. As I was sliding the dildo slowly in and out of my own ass, I managed to finally unbuckle the harness with my other hand. Then I popped the dildo out of my ass and jammed it into Bill's eager mouth.

By this time, I was so wet that it was no trouble at all to shove my fist up my pussy, and while staring at Jim, I made licking and sucking motions with my tongue and mouth. Just as I was screaming out, "FUCK ME, JIM!!" he started shooting his second load all over our front window, and Bill pulled the dildo out of his mouth and jammed it deep into his ass. Since I knew then that Bill was completely on board, I let myself lose all control over my lust. I must have looked like Old Faithful as I gushed a stream of pussy juice several feet in the air.

When Jim and I came down from our climax, we casually watched Bill attack himself with the rubber dong. After a minute or two, I told Bill, "Naughty girl, very, very, naughty girl, I thought you wanted Frank's cock up your ass. And here you are instead, showing our neighbor what a faggot you are. Shame on you." I turned around and slid under Bill in order to swallow his prick, and it only took a few sucks before he spewed his cum into my mouth. I then scooted out from under Bill, walked over to the window, and showed Jim the cum in my mouth. I put my lips on the window opposite Jim's mouth, and pushed it all out onto the glass.

Jim surprised me by licking the outside of the window where I had ejected Bill's cum. I enjoyed watching the show, but before it could run down the window very far, I got on my knees and licked the window right where Jim was pressing his hardening dick. As Bill's cum reached my mouth, I kept licking the window where Jim's cock was pressed, and sucked in Bill's goo. When the cum finally stopped running down the window, Jim was hard as a rock once more.

I then went over to Bill who must have collapsed in climax and had rolled onto his back with Frank's cock still buried in his ass, watching Jim and I. I pushed Bill's collected cum slowly out of my mouth. It hung from my tongue in long ropes until it was no longer warm and finally dropped into his mouth. When I ran out of his slime, I told Bill, "Darling, we don't want the whole world to see what sluts we are, go clean that mess off the window for me like a good girl." I didn't have to beg.

Bill pulled up his panties, went over to the window, and licked right where Jim's hard cock was still pressed against the glass. Then Bill dragged his tongue up the slime trail that I had left and opened his mouth to show Jim. I could tell that Jim wasn't sure of himself at this point, so I told Bill, "Oh no, sweetheart, I meant the outside of the window." Bill blushed like a girl, but his clitty got rock hard, and he quickly ran outside to do as he was told.

Seeing this panty clad man eagerly licking up two loads of cum from the glass, Jim decided to do as the Romans do and jerked off until Bill finished up his cleaning job on the window. Bill then knelt in front of Jim and begged him to spew his nasty scum onto his sissy face. After a few more depraved pleas, Bill stopped begging and opened his mouth wide. That finally got Jim excited enough to begin showering Bill's face with his third load, and managed to get most of it in his mouth.

While Jim was recovering, Bill ran back inside, locking the door behind him. I switched off the table lamp completely, and we walked back to our bedroom giggling like eight year old girls. Jim was certainly a perverted old horny toad, since after three ejaculations, he still wanted more. He furiously kept ringing our doorbell for several minutes, before giving up and taking his dog back home.

It was nice having a new girlfriend/husband, especially one as slutty as me. We finally fell asleep after whispering very degrading things to each other for hours, and completely forgot about dinner.