 I have been pulling my hair out trying to get through grad school. Finally, after months of papers and test preparation I survived my finals. Not only that, YOU survived me surviving the last few months. Considering what a bear I have been lately, I am shocked to find out you have a night on the town planned to celebrate.

Damn, I am lucky to have you. The long time since our last intimate encounter has done nothing short of bring me to full attention each time you enter the room. Actually, I think you are teasing me a bit. You know, 'accidentally' dropping your towel on the way out of the shower, bending at the waist to pick up a piece of lint that wasn't bothering anyone, letting me glimpse your wet skin in the subdued light of the hallway, etc. Hindsight being 20/20, I would say you are DEFINITELY giving me a sample of things to come. 

You duck into the bedroom just ahead of my groping hands and lock the door behind you to keep me from ending your game prematurely. Making your grand entrance, I notice you put on that red blouse you wore on our first date. You know, the one that is REALLY too small for your large breasts. And, damn if you didn't go braless. OBVIOUSLY so. Your nipples are sticking out as if you are standing naked in a porno movie filmed on location at the North Pole. Speaking of poles…, you have me at full attention with how you filled out the top half of your outfit.

The bottom half was an equal treat. A short, but flowing black skirt barely covers the tops of your stockings. I can tell they are stockings because I see the tops with every bouncy step you take. I am torn between looking at the show being put on with your legs and watching your firm breasts jiggle so seductively. I am tempted to turn my head sideways to train one eye upstairs and the other downstairs, but considering the logistics of that maneuver, I decide to split my attention. 

You watch my quandary and smile with pure lust painting your face. I approach you and kiss you, but you intercept my hands as they attempt to make their way to your barely covered ass. "Later.", is the only thing you say.

Grabbing my hand, you lead me to the car, the passenger door to be exact, and open the door for me. I laughed out loud at the irony of being the one in this position, but I learn to appreciate it. I decide to follow along to see how far you will go.

When we arrive at a dance club, you once again take the lead and take me to a table with a single rose in a vase and a reserved sign. Hmmm, it seems you really planned this out. I can't help but notice all male eyes, and quite a few female eyes, are glued to the commotion your breasts are causing under your blouse. I think I even see one man drop a hand to his lap, either in a Jr. High attempt to cover his excitement or to gently rub himself as he watches you.

Like clockwork, a waitress comes to us with a bottle of champagne. It amazes me the amount of trouble you went through to make this night special. You at least allow me the manly honor of opening the bottle. Carefully, I aim the cork at an empty space and pop the top. A small jet of the sparkling wine lands on my lap and you immediately start dabbing at it with a napkin.

As your hand brushes my turgid member, you say, "Sean, I can see you need some cooling off, but you had your chance to take a cold shower earlier." 

Even over the loud bass of the music, I could swear I hear the sound of a moan coming from a man admiring my luck. You take your time rubbing the length of my not so hidden excitement, but finally decide to allow me to go to the bathroom to finish the job, err, I mean to dry myself off.

When I return from the bathroom, you treat me to an amazing show. A tall, thinly built man has taken the opportunity presented by my absence to ask you to dance. You catch my eye and accept his request without looking at him. As the music takes control of your body, you move into his intimate zone, breathing on his chest as you sashay your hips close to his. You catch my eye once again and turn your back to your would be suitor, staying the same distance from his body and bending slightly at the waist. Slowly you back into him and begin to sway your hips in concert with the heavy beat of the music. Like a man who has been thrown prime rib after a week long fast, he grabs your waist and pulls you closer to himself, devouring the feeling of your body on his. It's obvious he has the underside of his cock dry fucking the crack of your firm ass. I feel a twinge of jealousy as I watch you reach back and flip up the backside of your skirt. It occurs to me I haven't checked to see if you are wearing panties. 

Your friend makes no secret of his actions and begins to move his hips faster and faster. Just as quickly as he started he suddenly stops and his entire body stiffens. The sudden splash of sweat appearing on his brow and the look of intense relief on his face tell me you have made his night, just as the song ended. If you weren't the most popular woman in the club before, you are after THAT performance. 

You walk by the table, stopping only to take a long sip of your champagne before being pulled to the dance floor again. A huge man comes over to you and places his hands on your hips before you have a chance to sit, whispering something sinful into your ear. You smile and follow him out to the sea of people, looking over at me and licking your lips seductively. 

I am torn between staying at the entrance of the restroom where I have been transfixed by your symphony of lust and my very strong desire for a drink. I decide a drink is definitely in order, as well as a place to sit before my knees buckle, so I begin to wind my way back to the table. As I sit I notice how liberal you are letting this giant be with his hands. He moves them only to the stereotypical erogenous zones like your breasts, ass, and when he can, your pussy. A pang of jealousy rises within me as you let him put his hands on all the places I have neglected so long. 

As you face him, you scratch his chest and follow your nails with your full lips. His hands reach down and caress the hem of your short skirt, pulling it up slightly, then more and more, until I can tell you are, indeed, not wearing anything under your attire.

You continue to run your hands down his body until you reach his belt. Again, you look over to me as if to say I could have been the one getting this treatment if only I had not lost myself in my studies. You return your attention to the belt, or more importantly, to the bulge beneath it. It strikes me strange that the bouncer has not stepped in to stop your illicit performance until I notice that the man you have on the floor now IS the bouncer. 

The bouncer's cocky smirk melts as you open his belt, unzip his zipper and glide your hand down his shaft with the silky smoothness I had taken for granted. You stroke him ever so slowly until his purple head emerges from his uncircumcised foreskin. Even in the low, sporadic light, you can see droplets of pre cum emerge and begin to lubricate his cock. Once you get him fully erect, you pull his cock straight up to his stomach and place your lips on the tender underside. You turn your head sideways and begin to play his skin flute like a harmonica. Up and down, slowly then more quickly until his breath comes faster and more shallow. 

You take note of this obvious sign he is getting close to cumming. I know how much you hate to waste cum, so it's no surprise to see you take his head into your mouth. You bob your head up and down on his cock to get it completely wet, then put just the head into your mouth and stroke the rest with your hand until he grabs two handfuls of your hair and thrusts his hips into your face. You amazingly control your gag reflex as your bottom lip rams against his ball sack. A loud moan escapes his lips, being heard over the din of the music in the club. When he finally stops shaking, you stand up and make a show of swallowing his prodigious load. Some escapes to your lips and your use your finger to push it up to your open mouth.

"Well, that quenched MY thirst!" you say to the crowd. "Anyone else thirsty?"

A man in a dark blue suit approaches you saying he would love a pussy martini. An evil fucking grin spreads over your face as you contemplate the possibilities of his novel idea. You take him to the bar and sit him on a barstool while you sit on the bar and ask the bartender for some gin, vermouth and two olives, "Just in case the man is hungry", you quip. You then place your hands under your hips and ask the bartender to put the olives, vermouth and gin into your pussy. You push your hips into the air so your feet point toward the ceiling. Your skirt succumbs to the power of gravity and pools around your hips. The bartender says he will have to make sure your "Martini Glass" is ready for the ingredients. Smiling, you tell him to take his time.

He takes his fingers and runs the first two parallel to your slit. Rubbing them up and down the growing wetness, your clit begins to peek from it's hiding place. He then pushes one of his thick fingers into your pussy. Again, there is no sense of tenderness in his working-man's hands. When you become accustomed to one finger, he pushes another into your depths. 

Finally, he deems your vessel ready for the ultimate in sexual concoctions and pushes the two olives into your pussy. Once done with that pleasurable task, he takes the two bottles and puts the nozzles to your entrance and pours until the liquid runs down your ass and stomach.

As soon as he is done, you turn your body to your "Customer" and he immediately thrusts his face into his drink. After he drinks his special mixed beverage you use your vaginal muscles to push the olives from the back of your pussy to his mouth. He devours the olives and ravenously licks the gin from your thighs and ass. His tongue then ventures from your clit to your asshole in a rhythm that matches your unconscious hip movements. 

You put your hands on your ankles and pull your legs apart as far as they will go as he places his hands on your inner thighs and puts his fingers at the edge of your wet lips. He pulls them apart and thrusts his tongue into your pussy with a fierce determination. The bartender sees you struggle to keep your grip and takes your ankles, pulling them over your head until your toes rest on his shoulders. Your hands release your ankles and your right hand dives down to your clit. 

Around and around, your fingers massage your love bud as this stranger tongue fucks you. Just as you reach the climax you have been waiting for all night, he pushes your hips up once again and thrusts his tongue into your ass. You plunge three fingers into your pussy and scream in ecstasy. I have NEVER seen you cum quite like this and I can't help feeling a bit overwhelmed by the experience.

At this point, I want to leave, but I remain transfixed in my chair, waiting to see what you will do next. As you look around the room, you see a man at the bar has taken his cock out of his pants and is furiously pumping his hand up and down it's length. You saunter over to him and stop his hand. Without a word, you climb onto his lap and ease your love tunnel onto his hot cock. I see you grind your hips on his, knowing if you were to let him go in and out, it would make short work of this overly excited man. You pull open your blouse, letting your full breasts make their first appearance of the evening. 

His lips latch on to your nipple and he begins to suckle them. You feel a tap on your shoulder and you do not even bother to look back to see who it is. You just lean forward and pull your skirt up over your hips. You feel a hard cock circle the entrance of your ass. Easing off the cock in your pussy ever so slightly, you pull your ass cheeks apart and allow this man to enter your most treasured of all places. 

The man behind you immediately begins to fuck you hard. You whisper to the man below how much you like the feeling of two cocks rubbing together with just a thin, wet membrane keeping them from actually touching. You get into the act and begin to jump up and down on the twin pricks. Faster and faster you go until both men tell you they are about to cum. You jump from the two poles that had been impaling you and offer them your breasts to explode on. 

It doesn't take long for the men to stroke their cocks to climax. Together, they paint your tits with their thick, white cum, completely covering the top part of your body.

When they are finished, you walk to me, rubbing the stranger's cum into your breasts and kneel at my knees. 

"How did you like the show?" you ask as you pull down my zipper. Not waiting for an answer, you free the monster your show has created and swallow it whole.

At this time, I begin to pull from the depths of sleep into wonderful semi consciousness from this rather odd, but wonderful dream. My eyes focus and I realize we are in our bed and that I have my hands wrapped in your hair, just like the man in my dream. My hips begin pumping furiously at your sublime ministrations and I unleash a torrent of hot jism into your mouth. You grunt with the ferocity of my orgasm but greedily accept my gift. 

Shaking my head, it takes me a moment to gain my composure and realize I had been dreaming. As soon as I am able to get my strength, I move my mouth down your body to your succulent pussy, hoping to give you a fraction of the pleasure you have just given me. You are already slick with love juice as I suck on your clit. I massage the outside of your pussy lips, opening and closing them with my circular motions. When I feel you get comfortable with my sucking of your clit I pull up the skin covering your little bud, expose my teeth and lightly scrape your clit until your legs slam shut on my ears. Fortunately, I have done this often enough to know I better take a deep breath as you begin to cum. 

Finally your legs fall limp over my shoulders and I make a astonishing discovery.

"Babe. Is this a pimento in your pussy, or are you just happy to see me?"

I would love to hear what you think of my story! Please vote and/or send me your comments.