 The fact that I wanted to cum so bad that I could scream, motivated me to focus intently on the deception at hand. When I arrived home, I was stunned to find Bill's car in the driveway, a half hour before he usually gets home from work. He must have left early or he had driven very fast. I found out later, both. When I parked next to his car, I just fussed around, pretending to look for something, until I spotted him looking out from the living room window at me. He didn't know I saw him out of the corner of my eye, since I wasn't looking directly at him. I quickly uncapped the syringe, turned at a right angle to his view, and squirted a glob of cum in my mouth, which I swirled around enough to coat the entire inside of my mouth. I grabbed the toy bag and rushed inside. Hugging Bill tightly, I gave him a very long french kiss, pushing a bit of Frank's cum into his mouth. 

Then I stepped back, and declared that he just tasted the cum from the old geezer. He broke into a wry grin as he realized that I must be tricking him, since he had just seen me squirting something into my mouth that tasted way too sweet to be real cum. When he noticed my cum-stained clothes, the streaks of dried cum all over my face and in my hair, he gave me a quizzical stare, so I simply dropped my blouse and skirt, and showed him the rest of my cum stained body. His first words were, "Honey where are your panties and bra, and where did you get so much cum covering you?"

"Oh, I got gangbanged and covered in cum at that arcade over in Lakewood, and I left them my slimy undies as a present." I held up the bag of toys, and said, "See? Frank took me there and bought me some toys, including these two butt plugs so that I could keep all of their man butter inside me to bring home for my dear husband to suck out." I twirled around to give Bill a good look at both plugs jammed up my holes. "Frank has been doing some very nasty and degrading things to me all afternoon. He is bisexual and wants degrade you, too. Would you like that? Would you suck his old, nasty cock? It smells really awful, but that makes it even more fun.", I added. 

"Fuck no!", Bill screamed. "I told you I am not gay! Who the fuck is Frank?"

I answered, "Oh, I know that you are definitely not totally gay, you fuck me like there is no tomorrow, but I also know that Frank is so virile that he most certainly would bring out your girly side. He is that old pervert that I masturbated with in the theater yesterday. I went back there today to let him fuck me, like I told you I would this morning. It was so exciting to have him fuck me in the ass standing up against my car in the theater parking lot with my panties around my knees."

"Jesus Christ, Fuck, Mary! What the hell were you thinking? Butt fucking in public could get you very arrested." he yelled, and then visibly relaxed as it occurred to him that I may be tricking him still. In a calmer voice, he asked, "Did anyone see your degenerate display?"

I answered excitedly, "My, my, YES... that is the very best part of the story. Two young men in jogging outfits stopped and watched us fuck for a couple minutes, so I turned towards them, raised my skirt to show them my pussy just as Frank shot a massive wad of cum up my ass, causing me to climax and squirt my cunt juice right towards the two gawkers. One of them reached into his sweat pants and pulled out his prick as he was walking over to me, so Frank bent me over and demanded that I suck it.

By the time he had forced his sweaty prick all the way down my throat, the other guy had reached us, and Frank pulled his monster cock out of my ass, telling him, "Do whatever you want to the bitch." It turned out that the kid wanted to ram his cock into my pussy from behind. Then Frank started growling obscenities at me, calling me the most disgusting names you could imagine, which caused the other two men to join in on berating me.

"Oh honey, it was paradise on earth being dominated and abused like that. I wish you were there with me and you could also feel what it's like to be used like a slut pig. I want to see you in panties and a bra, being fucked in your mouth and your ass at the same time, while you are begging for more."

Bill eyes flashed me a bit of anger at those last words, but then a more pensive look took over his face, followed by a hint of a smirk that he tried to conceal from me. But right then I knew I had him hooked. Based on what he saw me do in the car, the phoney tasting cum, and the over-the-top stories I was spewing, he had become convinced that I was trying to trick him again like the previous evening. I know Bill well enough to know that he thought that I was trying to lure him into bi-sex by making him horny enough to go for it. And if he pretended to go along with the deception, he would get the last laugh when I finally told him the truth. He could then declare victory by informing me that he knew the truth all along, that he was really the one deceiving me into thinking that he was bisexual, and that he had no intention of ever having sex with a guy.

Then Bill decided to control the game by saying, "Oh, Mary, you have really made me hot. When do I get to suck all that nasty man juice out of you? I would do anything you want if you let me slide my tongue up your asshole and relish the taste of all that goo that strange men have left there. Please, please honey, I want to be used, abused, and made to do the filthiest things. I'm begging you, please."

This was going to be easier than I thought. So I said, "Slow down, sweetheart, we will get to that soon. But first I want you to take off all your clothes, because I have a special treat for you." I reached into the bag, pulled out the syringe, and said, "Frank filled this syringe with his cum so that you could enjoy it. Do you want to swallow his slime, my dear?"

Bill jumped at the chance by saying, "Yes, yes, yes. Squirt it all into my mouth this instant. I want to savor Frank's delicious present by rolling his goo around in my mouth and then letting it slowly slide down my throat until it coats my entire mouth and throat. That would surely make me feel like a degraded cum slut."

"I have a better idea, darling.", I said, as I sat down on the couch and squirted a small dab of it on my right nipple. "Get down on your knees and pretend my tit is Frank's cock and lick the precum off his mushroom cap." Bill gently licked the dab of cum off my nipple with his tongue and groaned in pleasure. The sweet taste of what he thought was fake cum further convinced him of my subterfuge. I had Bill repeat this action, telling him that my left boob was the dick of Frank's friend, and alternated between my two tits a few more times before I said, "Frank and his friend want you to suck their cocks now so that they can give you their wonderful cum." Bill started sucking my boobs like they were huge cocks, trying to get as much boob meat in his mouth as possible. Damn, I thought, that sorta feels like I have two cocks that are being sucked off. I wondered if he could taste all of the dried jizz the arcade guys had sprayed on my tits.

As good as it felt, I decided to move on with the game and said in my deepest voice, "Hey you dick sucking faggot, get ready to become our cumwhore. My friend wants you to suck the cum out of the end of his prick." I put the syringe halfway up my left boob and slowly pushed the plunger. A small dribble of cum slowly ran down to my nipple and then started to hang down off the end of my tit until it had turned into a long rope. Bill hesitated as he wondered why it acted like real cum, but tasted fake. I pushed him into action by saying, "You better not miss a drop of my nasty baby batter, you faggot, or we will beat you and rape that lovely ass-pussy of yours." Bill sprang into action then, and managed to suck the rope of cum into his mouth before it fell off. He alternately sucked on my nipple and then opened his mouth just enough to let more cum dribble in. He was forced to swallow several times.

When the syringe was half empty, I stopped the flow, and said, "Now clean off my dick, you cum snorting whore." Bill dutifully licked and sucked up the remaining scum on my boob. Then I transferred the syringe to my other hand, and said, "Get over here, slut, it's my turn and I want to spurt my cum into your open mouth." My loving husband scooted over and opened his mouth wide just inches away from my right tit. As he moved in front of me, it was hard not to notice how big and hard his cock had become. I held the syringe against the outside of my right boob and shot three long squirts into his mouth.

Bill pretended to savor the cum by rolling it around his mouth and showing it off to me, while groaning and then mewling a little as he swallowed it. I had to admit that Bill was a pretty good actor. If I didn't know that he thought the cum was fake, I would have thought he was simply enjoying his humiliation of eating cum. But I did know better. He was either fantasizing that he was actually sucking on cum filled cocks, or he was swelling with pride in tricking me. But I knew that however large his pride had grown, the size and hardness of his cock betrayed his true hunger. Time for stage two.

I said, "Honey, you did such a good job giving Frank and his friend a blowjob, it is time for me to give you the proof of my slutty activities like I promised." I laid back on the couch, arched my pussy up into the air, pulled the plug out of it with a squishy pop, and said, "Hurry up, honey, I want you to know what a real slut I was today. Bill wasted no time in getting between my legs and clamping his mouth firmly down over my cunt. I said, "You are going to have to work hard to get all eighteen loads of cum out of me."

I think he started to chuckle, as he knew that there couldn't be that much cum in me, partly because most of it would have been pushed out by each ensuing fuck piston. That, and although he certainly tasted what he thought was fake cum, he could tell there wasn't nearly enough of any liquid in me to back up my wild story, even assuming I was too stupid to understand that most of it gets pushed out by the next guy. I started to get aroused by his ministrations, but held my excitement down so that I could concentrate on successfully turning my husband into a full bisexual.

I continued taunting him by saying, "Imagine what it would be like if some stranger grabbed you by your hips right now and slowly pressed his greasy cock against your asshole. Would you resist and make him rape you? Or would you push your hungry ass back at him and beg him to make you his fuck slut? Either way, I bet after you feel his big cock sliding slowly up your girl chute, and felt his huge balls pressing into your ass, you would then know how much you crave being used like a woman. And it would make you want to dress up in pretty panties to entice any stranger to fuck you long and hard, especially if there were others witnessing your degradation. Come on, my darling, let your girly side show. You know you would love having to beg for cock. You would even beg to clean the juice off his cock after he had filled you with his spunk. And I think you would want to be forced to do even nastier things, things that would embarrass you to even think about."

Bill surprised me by saying, "Oh yes, honey, would you still love me if I let a stranger fuck me roughly in front of you? I want to feel the shame of you seeing me give up my manhood to a perfect stranger. I want you to feel disgust at my debauchery, and I want you to scream vile things at me while I am humiliating myself. Please make me suck the cum out of used condoms, and then make me clean your asshole with my tongue, while a stranger is doggy fucking me."

At that point it was really hard for me to tell if Bill was just a superb actor, or if I had already turned him. But deep down I knew he wasn't ready yet, so I said, "Perfect, sweetheart. Remember when I told you that even thinking about you sucking cum out of my ass would probably make me beg strangers to fuck my virgin asshole? Well I did just that today, so now it is time for you to lay face-up on the floor and let me feed you some dirty cock snot. Are you sure you want absolute proof that I have completely broken our marriage vows? If you go ahead and do this nasty thing for me, I will know that you really are a bisexual cum slut."

Bill told me later that he was sort of put off by this because there was no humiliation in eating fake cum. But he went ahead anyway, for three reasons. First, he thought it would guarantee his victory in out-tricking me. Second, all of our sexual activities was finally getting to him, even without the humiliation of eating real cum from strangers. And third, he was hoping that it would encourage me to allow him shove his cock up my virgin asshole.

So Bill pretended to mull over his decision for a moment, before responding, "Okay, I will be a bisexual slut for you if you promise that you won't stop loving me as much as you do right now."

As I was squatting down over his face, I said, "Darling, I promise I will love you so much, much more if you join me in complete debauchery. And I know for a fact that you will be ecstatic when Frank floods your mouth with his cum, and as he slides his huge sausage up into your girly ass." Just as Bill struggled to find some words of protest, I popped my butt plug out and smothered his face with my ass. He struggled to escape for a minute, but finally surrendered and proceeded to push his tongue as deep as he could into my asshole. Since he had started to willingly suck, I lifted up enough to let him breathe. Then I attempted to squeeze all the liquid in my ass into his mouth. I love Bill, and I felt somewhat guilty in treating him like this, but I also knew he truly is a bisexual and I only needed to break down a few barriers to let him thoroughly enjoy himself. 

I moaned and groaned and gasped and whimpered. I could act, too, I realized. After all, before Bill, I had done my share of faking orgasms. As he continued his degradation, though, I actually became much more than simply aroused, and just before I lost control of myself, I jumped off him. Then I shoved my tongue into his mouth, to convince him that I loved him enough to debase myself by sucking on my own filthy juice. But his semi-soft cock told me that he didn't believe Frank's cum was real, and that he wasn't fully on board with the whole bisexual thing, so I knelt down between his legs and lifted them all the way over his head until I had access to his asshole, which I promptly stuck my tongue into.

At this point I needed to get Bill extremely horny, so I alternated between tongue fucking his ass, rimming it, and sucking on it. When his cock flag was fully flying again, I started sucking on both his balls, then slobbered all over his cock and started to give him my very best blowjob. Just as I sensed that he was ready to explode, I stopped and asked him if he was looking forward to being Frank's fuck slut. Wanting me both to give him a release, and still be the champion deceiver, he declared, "Yes, yes, and yes. I want Frank to completely degrade me. I want to dress up as a girl and have him fuck me in public like he did to you today. I hope he forces me to be gangraped by nasty strange men. Please let me go with you and let me see him cover you with his tasty man-seed. I promise I will be a cumslut and let him do whatever he wants to me."

The endgame had started, so I sternly told him, "Okay, slut, bend over the kitchen table crossways, so I can tie you down and do perverted things to you." Bill must have thought that I wanted to tie him down in case he got furious with me when I revealed my trickery once again, so he readily complied and bent face-down across the table, sensing his victory was near. I did quickly tie him to the table, but this time I used double bonds on his wrists and ankles. He wondered a little about his tied down position so he asked what I had in store for him.

As I pulled the strap on and bottle of Frank's cum out of the bag, I responded, "Well, you promised that you would do anything Frank asked you to do, you wanton faggot. In fact, he wants me to fuck you with this strap on that he bought today, and shoot a huge wad of his cum way up your asshole." Bill reacted instinctively and started protesting loudly. So I told him , "Shut up and take it like a woman. You can either enjoy my cock like the cum hungry faggot that I know that you are, or you can pretend to not want me to fuck you and enjoy being raped. Either way, you are going for a little walk on the wild side. I'm your wife and I love you. But if you love me and ever want to violate my asshole, you are going to have let me violate yours. So which way do you want to enjoy this?"

Bill was flabbergasted. He knew he didn't have a choice about being violated, it was only a matter of whether he could pretend to want it, or blow any chance to emerge as the superior trickster. Remembering that I wasn't a man, and that I was only using fake cum, he saw no better choice than to up his game, and hang on to his chance of victory. He started to plead with me, "Oh Mary, I was just momentarily frightened, I really do want you to plant Frank's seed in me. I want to pretend that his virile seed will impregnate me. I desperately want him to treat me with contempt and use me like a cum rag. Please hurry up and make me a complete faggot. Please, I beg you." While Bill and I had been verbally dancing, I managed to fill the dildo's liquid reservoir with the bottle of Frank's unadulterated cum. It took about half of the bottle to fill it completely.

To make sure that it didn't hurt my beloved husband any more than necessary, I coated the dildo with a thick layer of vaseline that Frank had thoughtfully put in the sex bag. I placed the tip of it against my hubby's asshole, then I leaned over his back and whispered into his ear, "You are about to become Frank's faggot." As I very slowly penetrated him, I continued whispering, "If you like having his dick sliding along your cunt walls, wait until he finally makes a woman out of you and fills your pussy with a gallon of his cum."

I slowly sped up my thrusts and a few minutes later I was slamming him so hard that the table started to move. I was caught completely off-guard how good it made me feel to be the giver of sex (not to mention the friction my pussy was receiving). To check out Bill's reaction, I reached around him to feel his cock, and low and behold... it was hard as a rock. Woohoo, I thought, we are finally heading home with this game. I started jacking him off as I squeezed the dildo reservoir as hard as I could for a few seconds. It took five or six spurts to empty all of Frank's cum into Bill. I stopped jacking him off and withdrew the dildo immediately while screaming depraved obscenities at my loving husband. This time I knew Bill wasn't pretending when he begged me to continue fucking him. He hadn't quite cum and was desperate for release.

Perfect, I thought, Bill is almost there. I refilled the reservoir with the rest of Frank's cum and walked around the table to violate his mouth. It didn't take any encouragement for my husband to open his mouth and greedily start sucking madly on 'Frank's cock'. It was obvious to me that he was not pretending to be a faggot slut anymore, but in order to slam home that reality, I give my darling a very long spurt of Frank's cum. That caused a rapid increase in his sexual frenzy, followed shortly by his complete paralysis. When Bill drew away from the fake dick, he stammered, "Wh..what the hell is happening here? That is real cum, and it ain't mine." 

"I told you that it was Frank's cum and you voluntarily ate two loads of his jizz from my boobs, my pussy, and then my asshole. And then you begged me to shoot two more up your girly ass. Come on, I have two more loads right here, waiting for you to suck out of Frank's cock. Why don't you just admit that you are bisexual and enjoy the rest of it?"
